---
video_id: XsqA072-XwA
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Let’s Run Away From Our Problems Together "
published: 2026-02-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsqA072-XwA
---
Hey, you're watching Chris. I'm so tired. You're watching Park Pass. My name is Chris. Today, I'm going to tell you about what I'm going to be doing. I'm going to take you guys take you with me for a little bit of a relaxing vacation and um tell you how this happens and why we do this. And we'll take you along with me. All right, I'm on my way to the airport headed there to catch my flight. So, I'm in a Uber right now. my um wife Amanda, her grandpa and her stepg grandma a long time ago purchased a little time share on the big island in Hawaii and they would and it's for like a month. A couple years ago, Amanda's step grandma passed away. Since that time, her grandpa really doesn't want to travel out there. And he was going to sell it, but then he opted not to. So, what he does is he takes some of the time and he gives it to his grandkids and and people. You go out there and just stay and it's a nice It's wonderful. It's a very sleepy town um where it is. And there's a coffee shop and a pastry shop and there's a volleyball court and a beach. That's really it. That's all there is. And in the morning at the coffee shop, there's always these like grandmas and they go out there and get their coffee and pastries and they watch the sunrise. And the last time we were there, Amanda saw that. And so she went out even earlier the next day and beat them and got a good spot at the basement of the coffee shop. And the grandmas came out, they were all in a dither. So then the next day they came out even earlier and then Amanda came there and they laughed. And then then the next day, Amanda tried to go earlier, but they were there even earlier, the grandma's, and they had their their spouses with them. And they were teasing Amanda cuz she didn't get a seat to watch the sunrise, but then they gave her a seat. She It's fun. We go there just for a couple days. We relax and play at the beach. And they have these volleyball tournaments, just little local teams come. Amanda, Miles, and I watch the games. That's all we do for a couple days. Got to recharge our batteries and then we get back to the grind of what we're going to be doing. So, I'm going to kind of take you with us on this and uh it's fun. So, headed to the airport. Going to fly there right now. All right. I just got the airport. Now, you might be thinking like, well, where's Amanda Miles? Because I'm in currently in California. Oh, I'm going to go through security. Can't film here. Hang on. Well, so I was down here with Amanda for the half marathon, Disney half marathon. Then Amanda flew home. Then Amanda flew back because we did a hotel conference. I know you guys, what's that? Cuz you haven't seen that video yet. That video I went to all the different hotels just to show you what's going to be the best hotels for 2026. And then um she flew home and now her and Miles are flying to Hawaii. I'm going to meet them there. So Okay. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to take you with us um prepare for some lazy videos. We're going to be sitting there eating pastries, watching the sun, watching volleyball, and going to the beach. Nothing more. Though, there is a chance. Uh Amanda found a super cheap deal on flights to um was it a wahoo? And she's like, "Well, maybe we can go there and go visit Alani just for the day." Like go in there and get a Mickey treat and play in the beach and then fly back. Like these are like ridiculously cheap flights that she found. And I don't know if she she said she was trying to book them. So if she's able to book them, we might take you to Almani with us for one day. But I don't know if she was able to get that or not. Other than that, uh let's get there. Let's go see Amanda and Miles and just kind of relax together. Just relaxing. Okay, guys. We're taking off from California. Going to head to Hawaii. We're going to watch volleyball and the sun and just relax and sleep, eat pastries. Amanda and Miles are already there flying right now. They land just a little bit before I do. And we are off. We're airborne. It's always amazing to me how many times I fly. It's just cool. Okay, there's the beaches. There's the beach and the ocean. It's amazing, isn't it? You can see a lot of the waves are coming in for landing here, but it's been a really bumpy ride. The ocean's choppy. All those little white caps. It's choppy water. I'm coming in over land. It's been a really nice flight. Just not too bad. Here you come for landing. Coming in. Coming in. Coming in. Just landed. Just ensure you have all your personal belongings before depending. As we reach our gaze, we invite you to fly to approve baggage information. >> We landed. Getting off the plane. Here we are. We're in Hawaii. Woo! Good. That's our plane. Amanda and Miles are eating at Humphrey's L House where meet him. All right. Remember at the beginning of this video I told you that all we're going to be doing this trip is watching volleyball and eating pastries and watching sunsets. Amanda's literally at the restaurant that's right next to the volleyball court and they've ordered hamburgers and she's disappointed because it's been raining as you can see. Maybe you can see the road's quite wet. It's been raining. So, I think the volleyball games have been all cancelled tonight. So, but that's what we're going to we're going to head straight to the restaurant. I'm not even joking, guys. That's all we're going to be doing this the next four days. Just watching a little volleyball and eating pastries. And then um if uh if if uh she find I will find out if she found those really cheap tickets. We're talking those tickets are so cheap. But I don't I don't know. I don't I think it I don't think she was able to book them for that cheap. But maybe the little inner hop the little island hoppers. So if she does that then one of these days we might be going to Alani. I'll show you an Alani video. Okay. Okay, let's go to the volleyball courts. All right, this is the little tiny town. And that's the burger house. I can see a hand up there waving at me. And right next to it is the volleyball cart. But they've canceled all games tonight because of the rain. Where are they? Hold on. Let me zoom in here. Hold on. I'm having trouble with the camera because I'm like, "All right, where are they?" I'm literally carrying my suitcase upstairs to the restaurant. >> And we're going up. Look at this. Oh, aloha. >> I'll show you the volleyball court. >> We're going to go. >> Hey guys, >> there's a little one. I'll show you the volleyball court they've been talking about. And now I am so tired. We're going to go right to bed. >> All right, guys. It's raining really hard. This is the volleyball court that we sit here and watch. We sit on that grass. And right over there, that's the coffee and pastry shop. But it's raining. You see the rain, >> so we can't watch any games tonight. >> And then that serves ices. We literally This is where you find us. We just sit here. Hey guys, it's the next morning and it's been raining all night. So, we're worried there's going to be no volleyball games, but we are going to head to the beach regardless. It's not raining hard, just a light sprinkling. But the reason I came here is I just needed a quick little moment to talk to you. I just want you to know that I am talking to just you right now. I want you to know how amazing you are. You really are. You make the world a better place and you are amazing. You are awesome and you are wonderful. You are unique and you are special. And you might be struggling, but that's okay. It's going to get better. You might feel underappreciated. I want you to know that I do appreciate you and you are doing a good job at work and at parenting. You make the world better. And I'm talking to just you right now. I hope you know it cuz I do. I know how amazing you are. All right, guys. I'll see you in the next video. Let's just uh go watch some volleyball and eat pastries and play at the beach together. I'll see you in tomorrow. Let's go watch some volleyball and eat some pastries. Hey, that's what we're doing. And going to the beach. I just want to say to our patreons, thank you so much. We couldn't do these videos without your support. You are absolutely amazing. And also to everybody else watching this video, I want you to know that you are wonderful. You are great. And I hope you have a fantastic day. I'll see you guys in the next video.
