---
video_id: 9-D3xbXdY24
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Disney’s 3 Disasters In One Week!"
published: 2026-03-26
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-D3xbXdY24
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris and you are watching Park Pass. And I am doing this video because my wife Amanda requested this video. She wants me to talk about Josh tomorrow. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow. Talk about Josh tomorrow, how he took over the role of CEO, what has happened, what's going on with him, and what does that mean for the Disney company. So, let's get into it. I think this first week, he took over on March 18th. I think the first week of him being CEO, he has probably had to handle a few more fires than he really thought. But we'll get into that as we go into this video. Let's first talk about what is a CEO. A CEO is the chief executive officer. It is the highest level. There's no higher job in the Disney company. Everything funnels up to him up to Josh tomorrow. Does that mean though that he has free reign that he can do whatever he want uh with total impunity and not have to worry about getting fired? No. No, not at all. Because he technically kind of reports to the board of directors. Let me explain this relationship with the board of directors. board of directors can fire a CEO. Um, and they're usually the reason a board of directors would maybe fire a CEO and they have to vote on it and have the majority of the vote is one is that the they're it's poor performance. They're just failing to be company goals. They're shrinking revenue uh maybe failing to implement a strategy. The next reason would be misconduct. If if uh Josh had something found out he's engaging in fraud, embezzlement, or some type of unethical behavior, he could be removed. Um, cultural issues could be another issue. Uh, so if he's creating a toxic work environment or having poor relationships with the board and the management team, that could also be a reason for dismissal. And then also lastly, just loss of confidence. If they feel like the board loses trust in the uh CEO's ability to lead, they can do a vote. Now, we know that this has happened because Bob Chapek, Bob Chapek, he was ousted by Bob, you know, and then Bob Iger came back in. There is some kind of weird conspiracy theories about how Bob Iger stepped down right as the pandemic was starting. Bob Chapik went in kind of handled everything during the pandemic and as the pandemic was winding down. Bob Iger came back but that's neither there here or there. That's maybe a totally another video. I don't know. But he is now the CEO. He is running the Disney company and he made his first public appearance on March 8th at an earnings call. >> Babe, you have to talk about that conspiracy theory. I love conspiracy theories, especially Disney conspiracy theories. Okay, that's my wife, Amanda. >> We'll deep dive. Yes. >> All right, we'll see. >> Yes, you guys don't leave me hanging. Get enough comments. Conspiracy theories. Let's go. >> Now, I quickly also want to mention Dana Walden. Dana Walden, I think she actually has probably is under the most amount of pressure of everybody at Disney. And we'll I'll talk about that in just a second. So, the relationship between Josh and the board of directors, the board of directors is going to give Josh tomorrow their marching orders and say, "Josh, we want you to increase revenue in the parks. who want more revenue increases with the media and movies or maybe like the cruise lines. They'll give him the directions of clear pure view of where they want the company to go. Does Josh have to adhere to that? He doesn't. He at that point could go back and say, "Okay guys, this is actually what we're going to do. I believe and we're going to roll out this new plan and it's going to increase revenue in these areas." And the board of directors might be like, "Okay, go for it. Go for it, Josh. Prove us wrong. Go and do it." And if Josh is successful, the board is going to congratulate him and and say great things. But if he tries a new plan and it's not working, they're going to come back pretty quickly and say, "Josh, you need to focus on these things over here. And if he doesn't, then there could be some problems." So they they give direction, but Josh ultimately gets to decide where he wants to focus his time, energy, and what he wants to try to improve upon. But I will say this, back to Dana Walden, there is obviously Disney is under an enormous amount of pressure to create quality content on Hulu, on Disney Plus movies, and this is a huge revenue stream for them and it's taken a a hit over the last couple years. Everybody's aware of this and the board of directors undoubtedly is telling Josh, you better make this more money in the movies and create better stories that people are want to watch. Now Josh is an amazing individual, but he comes from the parks world, right? The theme park world. He's been there for 28 years. So his number two in command is Dana Walden. And Dana Walden, she comes from the TV side, ABC. And she has put in basically over all the media like movies, television, all that stuff. So I think Dana Walden has a ton of pressure on her to make sure that Disney is creating quality content that people see that's going, they call it get butts and seats, that people are going to theaters to see these movies. And if it's successful, I hate to say this, Josh is going to get all the success for that. But Dana also knows if it's not successful, she's not successful, people are going to yell at Josh and then Dana's going to lose her job and Josh could lose his job, too. So, I think there is an incredible amount of pressure for Dana Walden. On March 18th, Josh was introduced as the new CEO of Disney on an earnings call and he made some announcements. A lot of people are giving Josh all the hype. He made these amazing announcements. Let's talk about that. One announcement was is that they announced they're going to have the brand new Believe cruise ship. The Disney Believe cruise ship is was announced. That was obviously in the pipeline before Josh took over. I mean, he's just announcing it. He didn't come up with that that that morning like, "Okay, we're doing Believe." That was in the pipeline. Uh Josh also announced Incredibles 3 is going to be coming out in June 16th of 2028. And Lelo and Stitch 2 is coming out May 26 of 2028. Those were already in the pipeline coming up. So Josh didn't just magically that morning make the announcement. Some people think he did, but he didn't. those will be in the pipeline. But he did make those announcements. Now, at the end of phone call, Josh took some questions and there's two questions I really want to focus on because I think this is kind of going to show the direction of the company and what's going on. The first the one shareholder asked asked Josh tomorrow. He's like, "How does Disney parks and resorts balance revenue growth with higher ticket pricing and attendance while maintaining a positive guest satisfaction scores?" So, basically, we saying how you're keepre increasing prices at park attendance. How are you going to keep people happy by doing that? Now, before we get to Josh's answer, I you need to remember history, guys. This is very important. You need to remember history. And we remember history here at Provos Park Pass. So, let's go back. Let's go back to when J Bob Chapik when Bob Chapik was uh the CEO. There was an article that came out by the Wall Street Journal. And this article had some like internal memos where people were complaining like, "Hey, the internal memos from Disney. people are complaining and saying, "I think Disney's addicted to price hikes and we and and people aren't being satisfied in going to the parks." And this kind of this article came out and it kind of rocked the world and Disney ended up making a bunch of responses to this. They never addressed the Wall Street Journal, but it was obviously response to that Wall Street Journal and they made some announcements. Bob Iger said this. Bob Iger made it clear that he had been alarmed, literally used the word alarmed by price increases at Walt Disney World and Disneyland. and he was concerned that Chapik was killing the soul of Disney. And then Bob Iger ended up coming in and becoming the CEO again. After Bob Iger came in, became CEO again. There's some things happened at the Disney resorts that lowered prices. For example, if you were at Walt Disney World and you had a car, you were staying at a hotel like a a Disney resort hotel, they were started charging for parking. Bob Iger has said we're no longer going to charge for parking. They made some other kind of concessions lowering the cost. Nothing too drastic, but there were a few things. But Bob Iger was alarmed by these price hikes and all these things that were happening. So that was you know Bob Iger but well wait just last month Michael Eisner was interviewed and former CE he's a former CEO of Disney. I actually really liked Michael Eisner. I thought he was great. Um and he said this. Michael Eisner criticized this wild overpricing problem at Walt Disney World and Disneyland. In this interview he said that he felt his success where Bob Iger had done things differently from him. He also offered a gentle reminder of the old school Disney philosophy that every guest is a VIP or should be. And then he congratulated Josh Dearo at becoming the new CEO. Now this was this was a article written exactly one month ago. Now it's funny because Bob Iger he was criticizing Chapebook saying hey you're you've increased prices too high. Then Michael Eisner a couple years later he was criticizing Bob Iger. But at the end of that, he then says, "Congratulations to Josh tomorrow." In that interview, he was giving advice publicly to Josh Dearo, saying, "Hey, keep in mind that the people need to be felt like they're VIPs when attending Disneyland." >> Okay. So, I do not feel like a VIP when I go to Disneyland. >> You don't? >> Unless I buy the super expensive VIP tour or the super expensive, you know, the all access premiere pass. I don't even know what that's called. The mega the mega expensive multi pass lightning lane mega pass. >> Okay. The the lightning lane mega pass. Genie >> plus feel like VIPs when you go to them. >> Yeah. Do you guys I think that's interesting because Bob Michael Eisner says we people need to be feel like they're VIPs when they attend Disney. >> People would say yes unless you do all of those expensive extras. >> Interesting. Interesting. I was just trying to report on news. But I think this is an interesting point of view. Do you guys feel like a VIP when you attend Disney? Put us down in the comments se know if you feel like a VIP. If you do or if you don't, explain why. Now, back to the topic at hand though because this question was asked to Josh Dearo, right? So, we know that Bob Iger, he kind of criticized Chic and then Michael Eisner kind of came in and criticized Bob Iger. Now, the same question has been asked to um Josh Tomorrow and I have it written down. I'm going to read it to you because I want to quote him exactly directly. I don't want to paraphrase this. This is what Josh Tomorrow said. This is an important question. Visiting Walt Disney World or Disneyland is a meaningful investment for families. Our goal is for every single guest to feel that their experience is worth it. Basically, we want this experience to be the best day of the guest's life and we're also always measuring success here. When it comes to how we think about pricing, we focus on offering a wide range of options at different price points so that families can visit in ways that work for them. Whether it's during the value season or take advantage of the multi-day ticket savings or or even special offers, we try to provide a fair amount of choice of flexibility for guests at the same time making sure that we're managing daily attendance and the overall guest experience. And so that was his answer. That was actually a pretty savvy answer of just saying, "Hey, you know what? We cost is cost." He he didn't say that they're going to change cost. He says that we're trying to do things, but that's, you know, it's a kind of a savvy answer, but really not giving you too much. >> Sorry, I'm feeling salty. >> I can see her. I can see it, man. She's like literally is leaning like super forward in her chair. I'm like, "Oh no, what is she going to say now?" >> Sorry, maybe I'm just grumpy this morning. I don't feel like they manage park attendance. I feel like they have the reservations in place so they can manage the cast members, you know, job shifts, how many cast members they need on site for that day. But the crowds at Disneyland, I don't think they're managing any attendance. It's more for them to staff cast members and not have, you know, overstaffing or understaffing issues. >> That's >> that's my when I see the L and the Esplanade, I'm like, they aren't managing any of this guest. >> All right. All right. >> Own good. I see. All right, >> guys. I'm sorry. Am I grumpy today? Am I being grumpy? >> Are you Disneyland? >> Do you need to Do you need to hold Duffy to kind of calm down? Maybe. You all know I love Disneyland. I love Disney World. >> I just feel a little salty when I get this like PR answer. >> Okay, perfect. Now, the next question that was asked to Josh Dearo, uh this was a big deal was talking about the DAS restructuring. And the DAS stands for the disability access service. And for those of you who don't know what it is, I'm going to give a very light dusting kind of a brief rundown of what's happening. But this is a very complicated issue. So Disney back in the day, they were trying to make a good experience for people who had some disabilities. You know, maybe have a physical disability doesn't allow them to walk or mobility issue. And so like you have like a wheelchair, they're letting people kind of skip the front of lines. In the goodness of the heart, Disney's like this is a great idea. But what ended up happening, there were some people, some people out there who started taking advantage of this. They started renting wheelchairs and acting like they had a disability and they were trying to cut lines like this. And we also kind of people realize that people have disabilities of all different types not just mobility issues but maybe have maybe like autism or they have different concentrating line or loud sounds all different types of things that preclude them from maybe waiting in a line. So there's different they came up with like this dash pass that people can apply for and they get it and it's a fairly easy process. Well there were people who were even abusing that. So Disney has come in with a very very difficult way to get a Dash pass is you have to do this interview. the person who needs it has to be on the phone for the interview. They can do it like a video conference call. And it's people feel like it's gotten so restrictive that people who should have the Dash Pass aren't getting it because Disney's just like, "Nope, we're not doing this anymore." And it's caused some consternation in this uh this little environment. So before this conference call, this earnings call, there was a measure called proposal 7 where people were asking shareholders to vote and if it got enough votes that Disney had to look at the internal DAP pass structuring and see there ways they could revamp it and people could vote on it. Shareholders could vote on it and it did not pass. It only got 5%. Now some people are like it says only got 5%. Other people are saying, well actually 5%'s a lot because most of the most if you don't know this a lot of people can anybody could buy Disney stock and if you had one stock it would call you get one vote right and uh but a lot of companies companies they buy stock in other companies to bolster their portfolio. The majority of Disney stocks is owned by large corporations and they're just not going to vote on the issues like this. They just don't really care. So people who individual owners of the stock they probably vote on this and they got about 5%. It's enough to move the needle to say, "Hey, this is people are kind of concerned." But it wasn't it wasn't enough to actually make them re to re-evaluate it. But Josh Dearo was asked this question on the phone. It's like, "What do you think about this pass?" And the um this is what Josh Dearo said. This is what Josh Dearo said, and I'm going to read his answer because I don't want to put words into his mouth. We know that accessibility is deeply personal and for many families, our services for guests with disabilities, they make it possible to enjoy our parks together. Creating a welcoming and inclusive environment for all guests, especially for those with disabilities. It's foundational to who we are. The current approach to disa disable disability access service reflects a really extensive work that we've done with accessibility experts and medical professionals all in an effort to better understand the individual needs and then really thoughtfully match guests with the right level support. As we look ahead, we will always do as we always do. We'll continue to listen and we'll learn and apply expert guidance. We evaluate these accommodations over time and we'll always be focused on providing great experiences and designing these services to support our guests. Let me break down what he's saying there. He's just saying, "Hey, we're not really changing it." But at the end, he did say, "Hey, we're going to always look at it. We're always trying to improve upon it, but at this particular time, we are not changing the dash past or anything like that. It's it is what it is. And we have have experts have looked at it and we are doing the very best that we can do. And so and really what this has taught me though Josh's answers you could tell he is kind of I he's Rico Suavei. He's good at giving his answers. I think it's it's good for Disney. When Bob Chapik was CEO he would only speak to the stockholders and that was all he really cared about. He didn't care about the families who were going to Disneyland and he he admitted that he really did it. He just wanted to talk to people who cared about making a profit. Bob Iger, I would say, is more like 70% to stockholders, maybe 30% to the to the families or whatever. I feel like Josh Dearo is really trying to do this half and half. He's talking to the stockholders and to Wall Street, but at the same time, he wants people to know like, hey, I love the parks as much as you do, so you it's in good hands. Now, we have to talk about this. Since Josh Dearo has taken over as CEO, there have been some high high-profile problems that have happened that were out of his control that I think most CEOs would not have to deal with in the first week. And let's talk about the first one is Open AI. So Disney under Bob Iger, they made a $1 billion they're going to make a $1 billion investment to this company called Open AI who had like under subdivision called Sora. And Sora is where people go in and create uh these little videos. and they were going to license their characters so that I could you could license a character Disney characters. There's like 200 Disney characters they license and I create these AI videos of me dancing around with like the uh Robin Hood, the Fox and Robin Hood or Sleeping Beauty and they were going to take these little clips and they're going to put them on Disney Hulu and then this is what Bob Iger felt like this AI is the way of the future and they really need to invest in it. So they're investing $1 billion in open AI to go under the Sora thing. Well, just recently, OpenAI announced, "Hey, we're shutting down SOAR. We're not going to be focusing on making AI anymore. We're going to be focusing I mean a not be focusing on making AI videos anymore. We're going to be focusing on AI and other aspects." And so, this deal is dead. It is not happening with Disney. Disney did not invest any money yet in Open AI, but that deal is dead. So, there's not the Sora app is going to be gone. They're not going to be able to uh do Open AI videos with Disney characters. Now, Disney is still probably going to be looking to do that. Uh, but that is that was under Bob Iger's thing, but that deal is dead. This other one though, this happened with is called Epic Games. And Epic Games is something Josh Tomorrow is very interested in. And Epic Games has created a game called Fortnite. It's one of the most popular video games of all time. But just this last week, uh, Epic Games had to re they just laid off 20% of their workforce, one over a thousand jobs. And this is a big deal. Uh because Josh Dearo and the CEO uh Tim Sweeney of Epic Games, they liked each other and they wanted to work together and Josh Dearo had come kind of came up this idea. Hey, let's let's have Epic Games and create some like an adjacent universe to Fortnite and this is going to be Disney properties and we I don't we don't understand really what the game was going to be. It's going to have Disney things and they're going to be like maybe in Fortnite or some new game, but they called it an adjacent universe to Fortnite. It was going to be all Disney IP. And Josh had this great idea to do this. And it's going to be a $ 1.5 billion investment, but uh Fortnite is starting to go down. The the popularity of the game is going down now. And so Epic Games released 20% of their staff. Now, there was like a little somebody responded back and they say, "Is this deal with Disney dead?" And and they're like, "No, no, of course it's not dead, but we have to figure out what we're doing here with our own company before we can really look at doing this joint adventure with Disney." That's corporate ease saying the deal is dead. What they're saying is we have to really figure out what's going on with our company because if we don't this company is not going to be around because we are losing so much money and we're trying to stop the flow of dollars going out and restructure our company and come up with some new products. If they can redo that, they reverse that, then eventually maybe Disney could go into uh they could go into Epic Games could go into business with Disney. But this was a big blow probably for Josh tomorrow because he liked this. This was his idea. he wanted to do this and now that's kind of completely gone. Also, on top of that, something that Josh Dear has no, the Bachelorette was cancelled. They basically filmed this whole series, this whole season, The Bachelorette. And just before it was released on ABC, they had to pull it because of the girl who was going to be on it. I think she got there's I don't really know the whole thing about it. I'm not I'm not a big fan of the Bachelor Bachelorette. Maybe Amanda knows about it. I don't really know. She just she just don't watch. But apparently the whole season was almost filmed and they had to pull it and that's a lot of money for them. I think really what I think they're going to do I think eventually they're going to probably release it on Hulu and make it an exclusive releasement on Hulu eventually at some point when it's kind of cool down. Such a hot topic they better not >> such a not a hot topic. Oh, >> I think they better not ever release it. Okay. Because it's just rewarding bad behavior and so many people on TV right now are just >> okay >> engaging in horrible behavior. So I say no. My vote is no. >> Okay. >> I don't watch The Bachelor. White Secret, but I did see what happened. So, I would say no. >> No. Okay. So, Mana says no. But I'm just saying I think that's probably what they will do. Uh, but this decision was obviously made below a Josh tomorrow level. They're not going to they came up this, but Josh Tomorrow is going to probably have to respond to that and this really is going to fall under the data Walden purview. The thing about it is this. I this is an exciting time for Disney because this is the first Disney CEO who's come through the parks atmosphere and and really loves the theme parks as much as you and I love the theme parks and he and uh and he wants the theme parks to thrive. And so we're going to see what he's doing. I feel like he's kind of been blindsided by a couple of things. Everything he's handling as as well. But uh this is this is a lot for him for the first week of job to have all these things kind of all these deals that are following through. We're going to see how he kind of handles it. The next earnings call in a couple months. We'll see how things have kind of rebounded at that point. I got to be honest with you a little bit too. I get what I call operational blindness. When I think of Disney, I think of first and foremost the theme parks. I think of Disneyland, Disney World, all the theme parks around the world. And that's what my focus is on because I love that. But Disney is so much more than just the theme parks. There are the theme parks, there are cruise ships, there are hotels, there's food, there's restaurants, there's I mean there's there media, television, uh movies, like video games. There's so many things that Josh Dearo has to like focus on. It's actually very complicated and this is this is a mega corporation and he's in charge of all those aspects and I tend to always focus on the theme parks and I've noticed a lot of I've been reading a lot of pundits and other people their opinions of like what can Josh do to be a good CEO. Almost everything that they focus on though is on the theme park side. Nobody's talking about the cruise side or the movie side or anything like that. I know that Josh is going to be focusing on all of this. His expertise is in the theme park world. So, I think we are going to see some changes there, but I think he's also surrounding himself with smart people like Dana Walden to handle the media and so forth. So, there's a lot going on. All right, let me know down in the comments down below. How do you feel Josh is doing? Of course, he only had about a week and one day to really get his feet wet as CEO. >> Okay, wait, wait, wait. I feel like I've been really salty and grumpy, so I have to come in with something positive. Okay. >> Do you need to hold like Duffy to to feel a little better? >> No, that's Shel May. >> Oh, that is Shel May. >> She's missing her bow. >> She's got her eyebrows. That's Shel I mean her eyelashes. I have no idea where her bow went. It's actually really sad. >> I think Miles took the bow off of >> the bow has been gone forever. You want to hold? I love Duffy. Duffy's my man. >> She's holding Duffy now. My boy. >> Calm down. >> Okay. Well, I do have good news, you guys. Especially speaking of theme parks and Disneyland, but it's today only. So, there is a flash sale today only and it's stackable savings. So, you can potentially save hundreds of dollars. What it is is you can take an additional $20 off per ticket on a qualifying Disneyland vacation through our link. >> Is it just Disneyland or is it Disney World? >> It's just Disneyland. >> Just Disneyland. Okay. >> And it's stackable so you can get adults at kids prices, kids summer ticket offer, and an extra night free hotel special. You need three-day or longer Disneyland tickets and a three night minimum hotel stay. Okay. Our link below or call. >> Yeah. So you call 1855 Getaway and we answer. Be sure to tell them Park Pass. This is an exclusive offer for you guys. Click the link down below and and what it is is a stackable thing. You get adults at kids prices. You get uh >> the kids summer ticket offer, which is insane. >> The kids summer ticket offer >> and then the extra night free hotel special. >> The extra night free hotel specials >> plus the additional $20 off. >> Plus the additional $20 off per ticket. This deal though is only good today, March 26. So you have to do this today if you want to get this amazing. >> So what I recommend if you're like Kate, I want to take the kids last minute spring vacation, go see Bluey. I want to go over the summer. I want to do fall Halloween time or I want to do like Christmas time. If you are even thinking about it, book it right now. >> Yeah. Just to recap that, make sure you understand what a man is trying to say. If you're thinking about going anytime within this year, do it. You can book this out at the lowest prices for this year. >> You don't even have to know your Yeah. You don't have to know your dates yet. You say, "I want to do this." You book it and you'll save yourself some money at the low. You'll save yourself hundreds of dollars. So, save yourself some money. So, yeah. That's a real That's good. Yeah. See what happens when you hold Duffy. You get all happy. >> I am happy. So, speaking of Deffy, this is also something very happy. >> Yeah. What about >> you have to tell them about the friends thing happening right now with Hong Kong? >> This is all just light and happy. We'll end it on a happy note. >> We'll end it on a happy note. So, this is my favorite. This is Stella. Stella Lou. So, Hong Kong is celebrating their 20th anniversary. And I went to the I went to the Tokyo 40th. I went to the U Walt Disney 50th uh world 50th. I went to the Paris 30th. I have not gone to Hong Kong. It's ending very soon. And people are like, "You've got to get there for the 20th, but I haven't got a chance to get But we just got an email and they're having this this like friends parade thing and they're having a Stella Lou exclusive ballet show where she comes out and she's like and I love Stellu so much but it's only for the next eight weeks. So I'm like trying to figure out a way to get over to Hong Kong to do the 20th celebration 20th anniversary. And they have these picture spots uh that you take your stuffies there, your little stuffed animals, and you put them in a little chair, and you pose them around the park. And it's only going to be there for the next uh eight weeks. So, I thought I'd try to take Stella Lou there and maybe do this. And they have this this drone show with show Stella Lou and Gelaton and Label and all the Duffy friends. So, if that's something you're interested in me doing, uh put in comments down below. Say go to Hong Kong. The only problem is is if we did that, we probably we did this before we went to Asia. We had some sponsors for videos. We just take like four sponsors if somebody's interested in doing that. We maybe go to Asia, but I have to go within the next eight weeks. Amanda, >> when does it end? >> It ends uh it ends uh June 7th. >> Oh, no. >> June 7th. And so, but I have to go in May. Oh, if you if you're interested in that, say go to Hong Kong, but we probably have to have four sponsors to do that. So, I don't know if we can make that, but I don't think we can pull this off. We just got the email yesterday. But that's something fun to think of. Thank you so much. Hey, hit the like button. hit. Oh, I can't put Stella Lou down like that. What am I doing? That was awful. Uh, anyways, hit the like button, hit the subscribe button, any breaking news, and we love to we love to hear from you. And we want you >> down. He's so cute. He's my man. Duffy's my boy. >> Duffy's. Okay. They have Duffy Dimum. >> Stop. >> At Hong Kong. >> Duffy. And uh, Shel made dim sum. >> I can't handle that right now. I have to leave. Bye, guys. >> You guys are the very best. Thank you so much for watching. Hit the like and subscribe. You guys are the best. I'll see you guys in the next video. Let me know what you guys want me to cover and I'll be happy to cover it. So, uh, that Hong Kong things is kind of something funny that just popped up. I don't know if we'll be able to pull it off, but that'd be kind of cool. Talk to you guys later. Bye-bye.
