---
video_id: g-_O1cOujLk
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "The BEST HIDDEN SECRET Food Spot At Disney"
published: 2026-01-30
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-_O1cOujLk
---
Hello everybody. Hello everybody. You're watching Park Pass. My name is Chris and I'm going to take you to Disney California Adventure because I want to take you one of my very favorite hidden gems for food at Disney California Adventure. This place is amazing. It's got fantastic food. It's never very crowded. I figured also this will give me a time to kind of chitchat and ch talk with you. Got a lot on my mind I wanted to talk to you about. Disneyland's right behind me celebrating the 70 years. 70 years, guys. >> Inside every one of these >> Disney. Wow. It's amazing. 70 years, guys. You think about that. How many people have gone to Disneyland? Just crazy. All right, so we're going to enter into Disney California Adventure right here. Here we go. We're going to go in. I'm going to take you to my favorite place to grab some food. And I just want to go ahead and talk with you about my thoughts. 70 years. Just entered in Disney California Adventure. Let's go get some good food and talk. I have a lot of thoughts running through my little brain. And I don't know if I'll be very articulate trying to get these thoughts out, but we'll just try. So, let's just talk about it. Disney's been open now for over 70 years. I was thinking about this today. How many people have walked through Disney? And then I started thinking about, you know, family and friends, maybe those who have passed. We won't be able to go back again. The only thing that happens in life is time keeps moving forward. And it's your life. You deserve all the happiness. >> You deserve all the success. And I think one of the worst things that happens in our life is complacency. We get complacent. We get a job that we don't really hate, but we don't really love and we just do it for years. We just kind of just do whatever we're trying to do. It's like just get complacent. I just want to say don't be complacent this year. Get outside your comfort zone. Do something great. Take some risks. Don't be afraid of failure. This year is going to be a good year for all of us. And we're just going to tackle it. We're not going to get complacent. We're not going to just be like, I think people are so afraid of failure that they aren't willing to even try. Audition for that play that you want to be in. Apply for that job that you want. Ask that girl out or guy out that you want to ask out. And if you don't get it, so what? You tried. It's better to try and fail than not try and achieve nothing. This is a year of risks. We're going to do it. We're going to take a bunch of risks and we're going to have a lot of fun. We're not going to be afraid of failure and we're going to squeeze every moment out of this year that we can. We owe it to ourselves to do that. Think about all those people who've gone to Disneyland. Hi, how are you? Think about all those people who've gone to Disneyland who maybe can't go anymore. Do it for them. Do it for your friends. Most importantly, do it for yourself. Have a good year. I know I don't I'm probably not making sense at all. This doesn't really I don't even know if this makes sense, but take risks this year, guys. Do it. Do it. Believe in yourself. I hear this people say the world's a scary place and the world's hard and it is. But the reason I think it's so hard is because it people They're quick to judge. There's not a lot of kindness sometimes. And because of that, we don't want to get embarrassed and we don't be we don't want to make mistakes in front of other people. Forget all that and just do it for yourself. You are not trying to do things to impress other people. You are not trying to do things to for whatever reason. It's for you. Go out and try to get that job you want. travel. Take a risk and travel to a foreign place or some place you've never been. It makes you a little bit nervous, but have that experience. >> Live your life to the fullest this year. This is just and I know that I'm just talking here. You guys, some of you might be rolling your eyes and I'm really kind of talking to myself, right? But I hope that some of you could hear this message cuz I want it to be a good year for all of us. >> All right, we're talking and walking. We're taking you down here to one of my favorite places to grab some food. It's fantastic. Really good food. And I don't know why it's never too crowded. Down here at Paradise Gardens, there's a little pizza pasta place. And the pizza's fantastic. The pasta pasta is really good. And they have really good salads, too. My wife likes it. She's a vegetarian. And it just isn't too crowded. I think what happens is that people come into the park and they're really hungry and they eat at the restaurants that are closest to the entrance like Smoke Jumpers Grill Smoke Smoke Jumpers Grill or maybe they'll go down to Pim's Test Kitchen cuz it's close to the entrance and hungry. This restaurant is a little further away. You have to walk a little ways to get to it, but it's worth it. Disney Comfort Adventure. I remember when this park first opened. It's changed so so much. This attraction hasn't changed, though. the golden zephr or the jellyfish jumpers. They've always pretty much been here. >> If you look just right ahead, you can see that's the new Pixar hotel. >> They used to have a little entrance for the people who stayed in that hotel. They had their own private entrance right back here, but they got rid of it this year. Who remembers this? See the silly symphony swings? When the park first opened, it was called the orange zinger, and it was a swings just like that, but it was inside a giant orange. Giant orange. And it smelled like oranges. They ended up uh ch taking that orange out, retheing it. Funny thing about that, it really did smell like oranges. that orange zinger attraction and they had problems the first year I was operating. The orange smell was so good and so strong it attracted bees, lots of bees. And so because of all the bees, they ended up sometimes had to close it right down. There's so many bees. It's amazing. All right, I'm walking right down here and there is there is like two areas. There's two little places to grab food down here. Okay, >> got a little band playing some music. I love it. >> This is a Paradise Garden grill. Grab some food here, which is nice. They have excellent food. I just stopped to wash my hands. I always like to wash my hands before I eat food. Just kind of a little thing I think it's important to do. All right, so we're walking down here and this is the pizza pasta place. It's never crowded. >> Yes. Hi. How are you? >> All right, we're going to go in here. And this is just like how I thought. It's just not crowded. And it's a shame because the food in here is so good. The pasta is amazing and their pizza is absolutely amazing. I'm trying to decide what I want. Do I want the pasta? >> What do we got? What's this deliciousness right here? Four cheese chicken. Four cheese chicken. And then we over here we've got the pizza. Four cheese chicken. The four cheese chicken I've had is really good. What I want? >> I think I would choose that four cheese chicken. All right, got the food. Now we're going to go outside and get ready to eat. This restaurant is also awesome. There's so much seating. >> And that's what I got. Four cheese chicken and a parade. And there there's never really a line. It's just And it's good food. My biggest fear is eat on camera and you're no fear. >> Oh, it is good. I like it. If I didn't like silly, I would tell you. But this is one of my favorite restaurants. Come down here. Always got really good food. Never really a line. And I'm not exactly sure why. I remember coming to Disney and eating. I felt like the food was okay. In fact, I would bring lots of snacks in. Sometimes I'd even leave the park and eat out off the property. But the last several years, I mean, I don't know, maybe 10, 15 years or whatever, they've really upped the food game. The food is not it's it's excellent food. Excellent. Excellent food. I recently just went to a restaurant outside Disney. It's like a Hawaiian barbecue. Excellent food, but it cost $21. That's fine. But then this meal here, what I'm eating this amazing meal was and the drink and everything was $18. So you're like, why would you? You don't ever really want to leave property to get food because it might be more expensive and it's not I don't know if it's going to be any better parmesan. So good. I love it. This is excellent. >> I love it. So, if you're ever looking for a good restaurant with low lines, this place. Now, I have to be honest with you, I haven't tried it during lunchtime. I always come right now. It's like 5:30 at night, so it's perfect dinner time. Still not a crowd, but it is delicious. Oh, my glasses are off. I don't I probably don't look the same. You're amazing. Did you know that? I just want to take a second to talk to you. And I'm only talking to you right now. I want you to know how amazing you are. You matter. You are unique and you make the world a better place. You absolutely do. You make the world a better place. And you might think, well, how do I make the world a better place? Just by being you. Your energy that you put out there in the world just makes it better. And if you are struggling right now and going through a little bit of a hard time, going through maybe like a a little bit of a rough patch, it will get better. You are amazing and I appreciate you. There's like a little girl in front of me. She has a bubble wand and she's purposely walking in front of me with the bubbles. It's hilarious. This little girl just Yeah. So, I want to take a quick little second to hear from you. How has your day been? How has your week been? How's your month going? >> And I'm just going to kind of listen to you for a second. It might feel weird to talk, >> but it's just you and me right now. >> Don't forget how amazing you are. >> All right, guys. I'm going to do a g carnival game. I'm going to win. 2. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. >> Oh, >> that's amazing. Which one's Which one's the most popular? Oh, Wall-E. Can I take Wall-E? Yeah, Wall-E is great. >> Yeah, it's amazing. Woo. That was amazing. Hey everyone, I wanted to introduce this is Fletch, my barber. >> Hi. >> He's actually be He was here and we ran each other, but it's very uncomfortable because like the whole time we hanging out, he like looks at my hair. I'm like, dude, I just didn't comb it very well. Don't do that. >> You look great. You look great. >> We're going to do this one here. And I can't decide. Do I want to do this like ricochet, chuck wagon, 10gon, Maverick, tumble weed, horseshoe? Oh, chose me. >> I'm going to giddy up. >> Giddy up. Oh, maybe buckaroo. >> Buckaroo. Right. >> Which one's better? Giddy up or buckaroo? >> I say right where you are. >> Oh, giddy up. All right. All right. >> Up somewhere. Does anybody else want to join in? If we get two more people, be Woody or Jesse. >> Okay. So, I am horse number seven. Keep that in line. I'm not going to be watching the camera. I'm going to be rolling the ball. I hope we win. But watch horse number seven. You always do better to if you are cheering for your horse. Tumble's going. Maverick's going. >> Oh, more people are joining, which means it's going to be way harder to win. Oh, no. We got like This is going to be jam-packed. We got We're all going like It's like a full house. There's all Oh, no. >> Let's go. >> Literally, every horse I think is taken. >> But one house party. We're going >> Oh, by the way, do you know why? Do you know why Buzz Lightyear gave Bullseye a cough drop? >> Cuz he's a little horse. Hey. >> All right. All right. All right. >> All right, guys. I'm going to give everybody a test run. Has everybody played >> test run? Okay. >> With the ball, it's just like Eball. You can roll the >> H. It's a test. I got to trot. So, walk is the lowest, trot, and then run's the highest. So, I did not do well. You got to get that run. >> Watch number seven. Giddy up. >> Ready? >> Yeah. Get set. Go. >> We're going. We're going. We're going. We're going. We're going. We're going. Going. >> Oh, we got to run. >> Oh no. It's a walk. Trot. Trot. Run. We have a winner. Oh. Oh, so close. Right. Right there. Giddy up. Sorry. I didn't get any balls. >> Oh, you didn't get a ball. >> Should we setting again? >> Let's go again. >> Okay, we're going again. >> Let's go. Giddy up. Okay. Oh no. >> Come on. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. HORSE SEVEN. HORUS SEVEN. LET'S GO. COME ON. COME ON. GET THAT. GET THAT. LET'S GO. COME ON. COME ON. >> Get up. >> So, you get either of the four bottle horses, snake or >> snake. Snake. Oh, too good. >> Sorry about that. That's okay. >> Got to hang out with my friend for a little bit. Uh, I won this and then I gave his wife the I won the Wall-E. And I gave I gave the Wall-E to them, but I'm going to keep this for my son Miles. I got to sneak in my boot. That doesn't sound really much like Woody, did Got a sneak in my boot. I don't know what that was. That was not Hey, don't judge me. Judge my free zone. Thought I was going to come down here for a little walk. You're in the shot. You're in the shot. You got to can't focus. Thank you. Thank you. I really like Disney California Adventure. I one time said this publicly and people got really angry at me. I said that I like Disney California better than Disneyland. Yes, I did say that. But now, don't be sad. I don't I actually like Disneyland better. But I do really like Disney California Adventure in the evening. I just like being here. This is like my favorite to be here at night time. >> Oh, I really like it. >> All right, guys. It's getting kind of late. >> What a I can't stop it, man. You're in the picture. You're ruining it. You're ruining it. That's crazy that I got to run into my barber here. That's so fun. We're going to walk down here. We're going to exit out. We're going to No, I don't. >> He wants me to do a little bit with you guys. >> All right. Thank you. Thank you. I don't know if people think it's funny or not. We'll try it. You sure? Okay. Here we go. Little jaw snake. You did great. Don't be embarrassed. That's a That's the year of no failure. I mean, the year of failure. If we fail, it doesn't matter. I promise you're going to You're You're great. >> Yeah, you are. Okay, let's head on out. It's been a great day. Thank you for joining us. Hey. Hey, wait a minute. Have you subscribed yet? You have? Okay. Thank you. Have you hit the like button? You have? Well, thank you. All right. Do you know that's something you can do for free? It's absolutely for free and it goes a long way to support our channel. Oh, did you know that we have a Patreon and our Patreon, my wife Amanda does a video every week and it's awesome and you guys can get that video and also our Instagram account for just our Patreon members. If you want to do join that, it's as little as $3 a a month. What? $3 a month and you can get all these great cool benefits for being a Provos Park Pass Patreon. Amazing. All right, guys. We're walking out of here. And if you guys want to get more Disney history, make sure you are subscribed. I'm sorry. Bad pun. That's Thank you for watching. You guys are amazing. I will see you in the next video. Rare. Woo. Now you know my favorite place to eat in Disney California Adventure. And then you got to see me play a little bit of a game with my barber. Hey, thank you so much for watching. And to our patronons, thank you so much. We couldn't do these videos without you. We love your support and thank you so much. If you want to become a Patreon member, click the link down below and for little as $3 a month, you'll get extra videos and extra Instagram stories just for you.
