---
video_id: vfvPK0VndS4
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "I Went To GREATEST Museum IN THE WORLD, And it Made ME SUPER HYPER"
published: 2026-03-18
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfvPK0VndS4
---
Good morning. You're watching Park Pass. I'm exhausted. It is 5 in the morning in Paris time. Going to catch an elevator to go up the lobby. I have a friend take me to the airport. The reason I'm going to airport is because I am going to uh Amsterdam. And when I get to Amsterdam, I will catch a train. And I'll catch a train because I'm going to be going down to Roderdam. And the reason I'm going to Roderdam is they have the Dutch Pinball Museum, which is one of the best pinball museums in the world. I'm going to take you with me. Let's do it. I am standing here waiting for my friends to pick me up. They're going to take me to the airport. And that is the plan. So, yeah, I'm going all the way up to the Netherlands so I can go to a Dutch pinball museum. I love pinball. I'm excited to share this with you. I know it sounds weird, but it's going to be good. Here comes my friends. My friends. I just got let go by dropped off by my friends and I will be seeing you in June. See you in June. In June? Yes, in June. They brought me They brought me to the airport. So, thank you guys. Bye-bye. >> Bye-bye. >> Bye. >> All right. Here I am at the airport. I've got to check in for my flight now. Okay. Got through security. I feel very good. There's always a tinge of nervousness when I travel to a foreign country. Going through security, make sure I get through. But we're good. So now I'm going to fly from here from Paris to Amsterdam. And then once I land in Amsterdam at that at the airport, I'm staying at the airport hotel. I will check my bag and my luggage. And then um my room won't be ready, but I'll leave my bag and luggage and then we will try to figure out how to get on a train to go to Roderdam. Um I think they said there's a a high-speed express train. Takes about 30 minutes. We'll take the train down to Roderdam. From there, we'll have to figure out the map and take a taxi maybe to the Dutch Pinball Museum. I already bought You have to buy your tickets early. I already bought my ticket for this Dutch Pinball Museum. It's like three stories and so I'm excited to see this. It's my first time ever going to a pinball museum. As you can see, we're here in the airport and the gate I'm currently checking out of is F 53. So, just a little ways down here and we're good to go. About to board my plane to Amsterdam. Here we go. Early in the morning. Early early. >> Okay, we are on the plane. I am seated. >> It's not too long of a flight. I think it's maybe an hour and a half. >> So, please once I land, we'll get there, go check in the hotel, >> get on train it. Okay, I made it to Amsterdam. I'm now uh going to get my luggage, chicken hotel, and then to pinball. I'm exhausted. I've been doing all these Disney content videos and now I'm literally trying to get on um this train and I don't know if I'm doing it correctly. I have to I'm in Amsterdam. I got to my hotel. I dropped my bags off. Now I have to go to Roderdam. I bought a ticket. I'm trying to do this correctly, but I don't know. I was just so tired. I almost didn't I was got I got the hotel and I was just sitting there and I was I can just sit here on the couch, take a nap. I almost didn't go. I was like, I have to go cuz I'll never get another chance to see this amazing pinball museum. So, I'm taking you. I'm exhausted, but we're going. Here comes the train. And we're going. Oh, I think this is Yeah, this is this is it. Here we go. Okay, I'm on the train. Takes about 26 minutes, 27 minutes to get there. I'm on the the direct train. You guys, I'm in Roderdam and see these this these pathways. These are bike paths. Look at all the bikes. And you don't think I know there's not enough bikes. Look at all the bikes. Oh my gosh, look at all the bikes. How does that work? Oh my Yeah, I almost stepped in that. You have to care. Almost stepped in that road. That's a bike they're coming down. They will run you over. Look at all these bikes. Okay, I now have to get to the Dutch Museum. I see figure out if I can walk there or if I can How do I get there? I'm not sure. This is absolutely amazing. Okay. Okay. I'm in a taxi. I'm on my way to the Dutch Pinball Museum. We're so close. He dropped me off because you have to walk this last little part. Check this out. This is Roderdam. My first time being here. I was reading about this Dutch museum, this Dutch pin museum. They said this is in a historic area where I'm walking right now. So, let's go down here till we find it. Here we go. >> Okay, I'm here. All right, so um this this lower level is like the history of pinball machines, and you can't touch them or anything, but you can look at them. Like this is from 1901. And then these are other machines down here. They're giving a little tour, but it's in Dutch, so I can't understand that. Oh man. Whoa. Look at all of these old pinball machines. Please don't touch these machines. Look at this. It's all Stardust 1971. Look at this. It's all clear so you can see through and see the machine. Oh, it's so tempting that you want to play him. You just want to touch them. Crisscross hockey >> 1956 >> hit red target to advance bonus. What is this? Targets. This a crazy cosmic carnival. Seven. Elvra. Big Bang. It's a kill Bill. No way. Rifle Gallery. This was a game built in 1940. And you'd like kind of see like a plane or something like that. You try to shoot it. >> Oh man. There you got baseball, which you know that I love baseball and pinball. Like that's like perfect combination. >> Guys, this is Gerard. Gerard. >> Hi. >> He is the owner and collector of pinball machines. >> And this is your Dutch pinball museum. >> This is my Dutch pinball museum. >> Yes. >> Yes. Welcome. Very honored that you came over to flew in flight tomorrow. >> And it's a reason to visit. We hear that a lot. So people actually will visit Roterdam whatever but the main reason what else very nice um so my idea of uh starting a pinball museum so I'm now a museum for 11 years we started 11 years on the other venue it was small but we grew and it grew exponentially and my idea was always uh okay if I want to have a museum >> how how I'm going to do it so 11 more than 11 years I started But to do my research, I went to America. I went to Las Vegas. >> Sure. >> I went to Seattle and other venues and uh I said, "Okay, they're doing this like this way. They are doing this way." Said, "Button, I have other ideas." So my idea was uh to not have the biggest pinball museum in the world. I wanted to have the most complete >> Yes. >> pinball museum in the world. >> The best. >> The best. Yeah. That is enough for me to say, >> but other people can say it. >> Let me ask some questions for fun. Yes. >> What was the first pinball machine you purchased? >> Uh, that was in 1988. It was a Williams Grand Prix, a 1976 game. It was an electro mechanical one. I bought it for him. >> Can you So, most of my viewers don't. They're mostly theme park like Disney and >> so they don't understand electromechanical. They don't know what that means. >> So, there was no computer inside. It was all like uh mechanics things with uh with like copper things that go open and closing. So it's no with no computer. >> No computer. Yeah. >> It's a computer but it's a mechanical. >> Yes. Yes. Yes. Exactly. >> So they mechanical computers in pin machines they uh went to 1977. It's a hard cut. Before that it was a mechanical computer and after that the the PCB the print came along. So they uh an evolution in pinball. So, uh, because in that area, everybody want to get rid of the old machines. Sure. >> And you can buy them for cheap. Yeah. And it was so much fun. So, it was a race theme. I put it in my bathroom and I played it a lot, but it was broken most of the time. So, >> so, but that was my start. And, uh, I had fun. I always had a pinball machine. So, I bought my first house when I was 21. Hey, maybe I can buy another pinball machine. And it grew. And, uh, when I was 30, didn't fit at home anymore. So, I rented out space. Yeah. >> Bought more pinball machines and 11 years ago I said, "Man, I have to do something. I have >> to do something with it." >> And I started a pinball museum. Um, >> and then these are some old machines. Like this is 1853. >> Yeah. 1853. Yeah. This is a French game. It's is a Tupi Holland. And Tupi means spinning top. >> Okay. Oh, a spinning top. Yes. Yes. Spinning top. >> Yeah. Spinning top. Yeah. And the Holland is uh because the French saw a game in Indonesia and that game that was played in Indonesia was also with a spinning top, but it was introduced by the Dutch FOC. >> Oh. >> So they said, "Hey, we got we're going to give them some effort >> for the knowledge that we put into this game." And this is a game. It's not pinball, but it's a game with a spinning top. But what happened? So pinball. What does pinball actually mean? >> Yeah. What does >> pinball 250 years old is nothing more than a plank with pins. It's pinball. >> Yeah. >> It's very strange because for Americans pinball is everything. I'll try to explain it, but in Netherlands we call it pinball is spiker. >> Yeah. >> Spike ball. >> They have like in Japan they have that >> pachinko. >> Pachinko. Pachinko has the same base but uh pinball went this way with games and went that way with gambling. >> Oh yeah. Yeah. >> But the seed the same. Yes. So, >> is is pinball very popular here in the Netherlands? >> Very very popular. >> Very very popular. >> It's because uh the west of Europe is Americanbased. So, we always we all a little bit behind >> but but this is Europe is a very nice. So, the sales in the early days with uh selling pinball machines like 40% of the everything that was built in America went to Europe. >> Really? So, I I have to talk about pin. So you can see the looks like that's a little child maybe. >> That's not a child. He's a grown man. >> He's not a grown man. Okay. Was attacking the pins >> and then pinball originally they didn't have there's no flippers. >> No. No. No. >> Yeah. You would pull the you'd pull it down and the ball would just go and you try to score. So yes. Yeah. >> Yeah. But it's there's skill involved. >> Really? >> Yeah. >> How would you have skill in Oh, cuz the way you how hard you pull it. >> Sure. >> Okay. Show me. Uh so how pool billard everybody? >> Yeah. Pull bills. Yeah. >> And I think that most people if they're playing pool that they that they have influence with the stick on the ball, right? >> But how strange would pull be if you will hit the ball as hard as you can every time. >> Very strange. Pinball. >> That's a good analogy. Very good. >> It's a it's uh pinball is very strange. But yet if you go upstairs video other people, they will always try to >> to pull up. Yeah. Yeah, >> it's not because what is going on? You have to aim for the middle and it will never happens if you pull it as hard too hard. >> Why are there always markers here >> so you can see how hard to to judge >> and eventually you will get the hang of it and like for instance mark a four. >> Yeah. >> And then >> so it's a skill >> skill shot. >> Yeah. So 39 pinball evolved. So the plank pins were turned into boxes and and the boxes get legs and eventually the pin machine get a back box and a lightning electricity and a scoring system. >> But no flippers. World War II. Uh it was forbidden in World War II >> to make amusement. >> Nobody cared about amusement in World War II. But what happened? If you have a factory and you can make a thing like this, >> you can do something with wood. You can do something with metal. >> Yeah. >> You can also make like the end of a rifle. Yeah. >> Or ammunition or like >> so uh the the industry in the pin industry in World War II they make war devices whatever. >> Oh >> so after World War II 1947 >> so that's why that's why we have a jump from time. >> Yeah >> because of the the war. >> There's a gap. >> Yeah there's a gap and now we're to 1947. Yeah, in 46 they made games but still it didn't have so someone must experimenting with some electricity and things and and Harry Maps invented the flipper. This is Humpty Dumpty the first >> Hold on. I'm freaking out because I've heard about this machine my whole life. >> I've never seen one. >> Yeah. And this is this is the first machine that had flippers. >> Yeah. Okay. But I think it didn't it flip like uh there's six flippers. Yeah. Oh, let me show you. >> Okay. So there's there was there was six. I'm so excited cuz I' i've I I read about this. I've seen in books, but I've never seen one. So Okay. Okay. So it had six. So you can see that. Yeah. >> Oh my gosh. And the interesting thing is Yeah. Oh my gosh. Okay, this is interesting too because modern pinball, these flippers would be backwards. So eventually that type of flipper would come on this side and this type of flipper go on that side and they would they switched it around. >> But they they they uh did a lot of uh experiments they didn't know. Yeah. >> And we call this the the Italian bottom because Italian uh people wanted to have a rest. So for instance in the in the American uh thoughts there's always flippers that you can headshoot it but Italian want to have rest people because they want want to hold the ball to catch the ball smoke or beer. So uh so the Italian said to America can you do something about it? So that is when the flippers come when you can cradle the ball. >> Okay. >> So we call >> the Italian rest. >> Yeah the Italian bottom. >> The Italian bottom. I I did not know. I did not know. But they I will show you something else. But for six flippers, that was the first one. >> Yes. >> So uh what happened uh for you this is a pinball machine. This is a pinball machine. Yes. >> Only in the Netherlands we call this a flipper cast flipper cabinet. >> Flipper cabinet. >> And in Germany call it a flipper spieler. >> Flippers or in France is bullet the flipper. >> Okay. >> Yeah. But it's uh it's very hard to understand because our language works differently. >> Yeah. Yeah. So um the old one we call it pinball and then the the better word is pinball with flippers. >> Okay. >> And it's the the Dutch word it's a spike ball and this is spiker ball with flippers. >> Okay. >> So it's very strange but I I will show you to uh to explain it. >> This is so fun for me. >> Uh the plank with pins. You call it pinball? >> Yes. Yes. Yeah. >> How do you call this one? >> Pinball. >> And how do you call this one? >> Pinball. >> It's three completely different things. >> Yeah. But in the Netherlands we call playing that spiker ball. >> Spiker ball. >> This is a steel ball. >> This is a flipper cast. >> Okay. >> Three different things. >> Three different things. Okay. >> So uh and later so we do around. So this is uh 1949. >> This is a game 2 years after the invention of the flipper. And this is not a flipper flipper cost. This is a pinball machine. And there are bumpers in there. But those bumpers in an early stage like like 39. >> Yeah. >> They uh evolved it from a bumper to a flipper. >> Okay. Yeah. But what is this game? So you start a game. >> Oh, it's it's got a big ramp. >> Yeah. >> Oh, >> you will see an arrow above the two. And if I shoot the ball and the first ball is going into the two, >> you uh >> Oh. >> Oh. >> And four one. So I did set two. >> Oh. So you're trying to get whatever >> try to uh uh to uh uh uh predict most coming. And this is on the ads and people always say, "Hey, this is a gambling device." >> Yeah. >> It's not true. >> Yeah. >> It's a game that you can abuse for gambling. >> Yeah. >> H Have you ever thought about the idea of a dice or a playing card? >> Yeah. >> Is that gambling or is that gaming? >> That it could be either. >> Could be either. >> Yeah, it could be either. Can you do that one more time? I I didn't I I have to show this. Okay. So, a bunch of balls are going to come out. >> Five. >> Five. >> And uh look at the loop. And this is 1949. The balls, if I'm correct, will cross but not hit each other. >> Really? Okay. >> Oh, that's amazing. >> Yeah, that is this is really amazing. >> That's really amazing. That's really amazing. >> How did they figure it out with no cell? This is cell craft machine. >> Yeah, that's amazing. >> So, this is a also a pinball machine with flippers, but there are no buttons on the side. Oh, >> because they didn't know because they were still in the um still figuring out >> where to go to. So, this is one with a button on the front. >> Oh, >> and you will have five flippers on the And if you Oh my god, he's he ran. See if we can run again. That's amazing. This is 1949. >> Who built this one? >> This is Williams. >> Williams. Okay. >> Oh my gosh. >> For instance, this is again uh this is also a demo machine with uh boxes and they are um this very rare game. 1951. Yeah. And you will see two boxes with a referee. >> Oh yeah. They will fight each other. Oh knock down. That's amazing. Knockout. >> Oh my gosh. That's that's amazing. So, but you see the flippers with a big gap. There's a device in the middle to hold it. >> But this one is now broken. But it's it's >> backwards. Backwards. >> Yeah. And this is an asymmetric. This is with only one >> one flipper. >> One flipper. And there's a beggar tail in a pinball machine. >> Really? >> Yeah. And this is very strange. And people will not believe me. Will I? Um, this is also a pinball machine. >> Really? >> Yeah. It's pinball family. And it's not a flipper. Uh, it's a baseball game. Yes. But it's they they just make games and it could be >> I've seen one like this before. They had one like this a long time ago at Disneyland. >> Yeah. >> In California. And they have one like this kind of like this in Disneyland Paris, but it doesn't work. No, >> it Yeah. Yeah. >> This work. So, what is the fun thing about this one? This is You get a wooden ball and you have to hit it. But this is one of the only games where a ball gets air time. Oh, really? So, look. >> Oh, you have to hit that just right. This is amazing. >> Oh, you've practiced a lot. That's really good. Okay, you'll see if we get it again. Oh. Oh, almost >> almost five. That's amazing. >> So, this is another game. This is also a betting game, but the ball will come from under the flap. >> Oh, and then you >> Yeah. And you can really aim. So, I'm now going to aim at the three at the left side. >> Yeah. Oh, now I'm going to aim at the three at your right side. >> That's incredible. That's incredible. And this is the hockey >> hockey. This is criss-cross hockey from Chicago coin. Chicago was the base. Every most of >> Yeah. Everything comes out of Chicago. >> So what I'm always trying to understand is like you have video gaming. Everybody understand video gaming. And there wasn't a big boom when video gaming existed. >> Yeah, >> it was. But what happened uh the industry was here. It was a pinball man. What a manufacturers are making games. It could be pinball machines or hockey games. But uh for instance, this is Pong in mechanical form. >> Oh, Pong. Yeah. Yeah. >> But so this is the computer, but it isn't the computer because we didn't have computers. It's all mechanical programs. It's all mechanical because patterns. And if I will score a ball the other side. Oh. Oh, >> he's very good. >> He's very good. >> I believe in you. >> Oh, there he goes. >> Oh, no. >> So, what happened? So, uh I think uh if you ever think about Pac-Man. >> Yeah. So, Pikman is a Japanese invention and Namco invented it and in Japan it called Pukman. Yeah. Have you ever heard of it? >> Yes. >> Pukman has a little a nose. >> Yeah. >> Uh but uh uh Midway bought a license in America and they uh produced a lot of Pac-Man. So the Adams family was the most produced pinball machine ever made. Two 21,270 games. The Pac-Man yellow dedicated cabinet was produced 330 times. 330,000 times. >> So, but they were figuring out what to do with computer with with computer games. >> Yeah. >> So, uh because uh if you play a game and you have to put in a dime or a quarter or a dollar and you're finished within 10 seconds, you will never play it again. >> Exactly. >> But if you put in a coin and you can play for 15 minutes, it wasn't enough. They have to they have to earn more. So they figure they have to figure out a way to keep the people uh attracted to have earned money. >> The perfect amount of time. >> The perfect amount of time. It was already invented in pinball. So what did they decided? Pinball you get three balls. >> Yeah. >> And three balls became three lives in Pac-Man. >> Oh >> yeah. >> Amazing. >> I never knew. I never made that connection. >> No, but we're not there. I have fingers left. >> Yeah. Uh, so what happens if you do play Pac-Man very well, you can earn an extra life. >> Extra ball. >> Extra ball. >> Yeah. >> And if you do uh if you play Pac-Man and eventually you get in the top 10 high score and you can put in your initials, three of your initials where it's coming from. >> Is that the high score in the >> That was first. >> Yeah. Oh my gosh, that's amazing. >> You can put in the score in it. So from 77 with the computer. >> Yeah. >> Uh, put your score in. This is really fun for me. So this is really very very fun for me too. So thank you for kind of indulging me with my So I love it. >> Uh everybody knows the game Dun, right? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Hey Dun shooting. >> Yeah. The dog hunt. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That >> from Nintendo. >> Yeah. >> So this is a game from 1962. >> 1962. This is this is Midway the manufacturer of games machine shooting games >> Pac-Mever. And uh look for instance gun shooting device or a plunger >> uh fun story to say in the in the 60s uh people will go into arcades they will break it down and they will rub the Lego store next to it with this gun. >> Oh are you serious? >> Yeah but it will shoot wooden balls and for instance midway look at the end. Do you see four zeros? Score reels. It's from a pinball machine. >> Yeah. >> And those are those are wooden balls and shooting. YES. OH, that moving ball that rolls. That's so cool. Oh, yeah. >> Very good. That's incredible. So, please So, let's play. So 1962 they were making this was in the old arcades. >> Yeah. >> But uh I have a time machine. >> Yeah. >> And uh I'm going to put it from the ' 60s into the mid80s. >> Yeah. >> And I'm very handy guy and I will cut down the edge the the end >> and I will put their big CRT screen. >> Yeah. >> And somehow I'm going to replace the wooden balls with light pulses. >> Light pulses. Yeah. >> And you have duck hunt. >> Yeah. You got a little duck. That's it's already there. Yeah. Um I went to America and I saw other museums and uh American thing I think and don't don't get me wrong but uh the American thought is if I have more machines then I am a bigger >> better museum >> and I think it's not true. Uh so uh like for instance this is one of my this is my Mona Lisa. >> This is okay. So this what we see here are the roto molds for manufacturing uh toys that are put into pinball machines and they are very rare. >> H like for instance for comparation you are a Lego collector you get the original mold for 2x six >> uh yeah the original mold >> everybody wants it so I I I got it and uh um I purchased it and I wasn't the first in line. So uh the American museums were first and they didn't want it because what I'm going to do with it >> really. >> Yeah. So for instance American thought is this is a very nice wall and if I put four pinball machines here on display I am a better museum. >> Yeah. >> And for me I want to you will see later but uh uh actually we are we are doing education we are doing uh whatever we do atmosphere a lot of pinball machines also >> and these are the original molds. >> These are the original molds >> for like Adam's family. Adam's Family or the Yeah. series hotel. >> Like like he was saying, Adam's family is the most popular pinball machine that's ever been made. >> Correct. >> It's like it it sold. It just was crazy. >> 21,200. >> Yeah. So that's like a little hand that would grab the ball. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. This is crazy. What's your favorite mold? >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, whatever. Oh, man. This this is a hard >> hard question. >> Hard question. Yeah. I I don't even know. But but this is the monster bed. It's complete set. And this is the junker. This complete set. Yeah, because it's so much. >> Yeah. Oh, yeah. >> And this is also very rare. This is circus fter, but they made two versions of it because the first we call it the skinny ring master. >> Yeah. >> And the ball will get stucked in his uh color. >> Oh, the neck. Yeah, the neck. >> So, they have to make his uh neck thicker. >> So, in the prototype uh the ball will always get stuck. So, they they didn't remodel it and they made a a thicker version of it. >> So, this one is even more >> rare. Yeah. Wow. That's really I love it. I love this. This is It's a fourstory building. The bottom level is museum and then the you go up and there's um the pinball machines that you can play. I'm so happy right now. I haven't even gone upstairs. We just been talking this whole time and like looking at all these different things and these museums and like the different artwork that they have and it's just really cool. Let me show you. Like there's different like the different artwork, different pinball backs, and these are the different machines. So, and it's just I'm in heaven. Heaven. We're going up to the first floor. The first. No way. Oh my gosh. Look at that. Look at that. That's crazy. Look at all these pinball machines. Oh my gosh. Oh, there's the new Harry Potter. This is amazing. This is amazing. This is so fun. So, I have to show you. So like this Hagrid is a they were talking about how he could push more machines together to be more efficient, >> but he likes to have the neclectic, you know. Oh my gosh, it's cool. Look guys, high score and my feature on Pirates of the Caribbean. Oh, and I just got a match. Let's go look at the other rooms and see what else they have and then uh we'll come maybe play a little more. So, >> wa look at all these games. This is so fun. >> Oh, this look all the Matrix stuff. Terminator. There's the Terminator. Terminator. Doctor Who. Wow. Back to the future black hole rocky cyclone. Then we go in here. And we got the Black Knight. The Black Knight. Black Knight. Medieval Madness. You try to destroy the castle. Excalibur. Lord of the Rings, Safe Cracker. And this is the Big Labowski room. The rug. It really ties the room together. Here's a big Labowski. These rugs really tie tie the room together. He's got it. Very funny movie if you have not seen it. Wow. A whole room dedicated. Love it. Okay, let's see what else. Space shuttle. house. This place is crazy. So, all right. So, I was just in Okay. Okay. I was in this room. It walks around and then we're going to go. It came around here. I'm going to go up these stairs and let's go check this out. Take a sit here and see all the Wow. It goes back there. Look at all this pinball. Dr. No. Look at all these pinball machines. I love AC/DC. >> Twilight Zone. He's playing it. This is a Twilight Zone area. There's Adam's family, the most popular pinball machine of all time. We've got the the Hulk. This brings us over here. Jaws. Jurassic Park. Jurassic Park. Kirra, Scarce, Flintstones, Haunted House, Creatures on Black Lagoon, Dracula. Oh, Labyrinth, Craziness, Godzilla. These are like the little bit. See, we're getting like kind of a little older games. Dolly Parton, Rolling Stones, Captain Fantastic, Kiss. Let's see here. Rush, Aerosmith, Iron Maid, and Metall. Metallica is one of the funnest pinball machines you'll ever play. Fighters, Tommy. We're going to walk up these stairs. And then like these are all these are like different quotes. Those are all these are all Star Wars quotes. Key West Mandalorian. There's Star Wars. Look at this Star Wars machine. You can probably hear the Oh, it's got IG-88. Look at that. It looks like there's like a little This is the area. This is the shop where they work on the on the machines. That's the thing about people machines is you always have to keep updating them and taking care of them, particularly with people particularly the public playing them because they sometimes don't treat them. What is Look at this. Look at that field. It's all like Nent, Tom Cat, Big Guns, Fireball. I've played Fireball that once spins around Guns and Roses, Bowling Green. Look at these. These are the older machines. Wizard, Tommy, Party Zone. Look at this. Hey, one of my favorites right over here. Indiana Jones. One of my favorite. I love this machine. I love this machine. So, yeah. Some like maybe like a little prototypes or whatever they have here. You can kind of look down. Oh, Dutch Pinball Museum. This is fun. This is really fun for me. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. All right, so we got like a little pro hockey, a roadrunner game, London shooting game. Look at these Space Invaders, of course. And then, of course, there's the game Space Invaders. Caveman, which also has like a video screen inside of it, and Hyperball. Okay, I'm going to put the camera down. I'm going to play a little bit pinball and come back and talk to you guys. This is just It almost think I didn't come because I was so tired. I was so tired, but now I'm feeling all that energy again. Uh to think I almost didn't show up for this. So, this walkway shows the number the top 12 bestselling pinies all time. Terminator 2, Judgement Day, Twilight Zone, 1983, Captain Fantasmic and the Dirt Brown Cowboy. Uh those must be that's Captain Fantasmic and then the Dirt Brown Cowboy. They're two different uh Madari, Star Trek, Kiss, Highspeed, Firepower, Playboy 1978, Flash 1978, 8ball 1977, and The Adams Family 1992. Look at that Dutch Pinball Museum. And then look at this. This is Jaws. But look on the wall. Oh my gosh. Giant shark eating a pinball. So, I have to show you one of the newest pinball machines. This came out, I mean, recently within weeks. And it's a hot hot pinball machine. Yep, that's right. Pokemon. It is the hottest pinball machine right now. Look at the side art. And it is This is right here is called the Stern Experience Room. This is They have the newest pinball machines on display here. And this one just came out and it's a very fast machine. Means it's really fast play. But this is one of the most soughtafter pinballs right now. And it shows like that screen down there shows like lots of different uh Pokemon. You guys, I've been here almost 4 and 1/2 hours just playing straight pinball and I can't get enough. I'm having so much fun. I'm just enjoying myself and uh I'm trying to play pinball one hand. I can hold the camera. But I've had a great time. This has been just very enjoyable for me. Uh so thank you for being polite and letting me make a video outside of Disney and theme parks a little bit. Um, I just appreciate it. So, this has been so fun for me. Like, I'm I can't stop playing. I I keep thinking I'm like, I'm gonna get bored. I'm No, no. This has been so much fun. Um, I could stay here all night. I could literally stay here all night, but I got to catch my train, get back to the to the airport so that I can go home. Um, this has just been such a fun day. Such a fun day. And I almost didn't do it cuz I was so tired. I've got to get a t-shirt. I have to get a t-shirt. So, it has a little has some juke boxes and little cafeteria and just you Oh, you pin your location. Let's see here. Pin your location. Look at all the They're all everyways from here, of course. Okay, guys. I'm going to pin it. Pin your location. I got was given a red pin. >> Salt Lake City. >> Let's see. Somebody else is. Somebody else has been there. But I'm going to Oh, great. I dropped the pin. Of course. Now I have to find it. Where's my pin? Found it. Okay. Right there. Just put it right once I poke it in. Oh, it's difficult. >> Ah, there it is. So, if you come here, that red pin in Utah, that's me. Hey, guys, it's time for me to go. I'm leaving the Dutch Pinball Museum. Oh my gosh. Seriously. Uh, best pinball museum in the Netherlands. Actually, to be honest with you guys, this is probably the best pinball museum in the world. So, I said it was time for me to leave and I said, "Uh, I'm going to walk over here." And I said, "I I take a taxi to the train station." He's like, "No." He's like, "Do not take taxis." He's like, "Uh." He's like, "If you must, you could take an Uber, but taxis, they kind of >> cheat you out of the price." And and then, uh, he's like, "You could take the subway." So he gave me a map and then he suggested he's like actually I suggest that you walk. So he wrote a map. It's got some the black lines on it so that way I can walk to the train station to catch my train to go back to Amsterdam. And uh and he's like plus you get to see uh Roderdam. He's like you really should take your time to see it. I do look like a complete tourist carrying a map that everybody knows that I don't know what I'm doing. It is a very pretty town though. >> Doesn't this just look super European? Look at all the bikes. Okay. So, I think this is my first I think this is where I turn left. Boy, I hope I didn't I hope I'm doing this right. Yeah, I was already lost. So, the I met I talked to some nice Dutch people and they're like, "No, no, no. You have to go back down here." And so, okay, let's do it. Whenever I'm in a foreign country and I'm crossing street, I always just assume the car is going to hit me. So I double check multiple times. Can I cross? Is it green? Are other people doing it? So yeah. And you see it's green. People are crossing. So I will cross too. So here we go. On our way. Oh, I'm still on a high. That was very fun. Very fun. That is the best pinball museum in the world. And yes, I forgot to show you. I did get a pinball museum shirt. I'm very proud of it. I had a great time. Uh, and for me, this is just uh something I've always wanted to do and ever since I learned about the Dutch Pinball Museum. And so, uh, been thrilled. I've had a really good time. Okay, let me show you what makes me nervous. There's bike riders everywhere. There's train tracks. There's a train. Oh jeez, here comes a bike. I don't know what I'm doing. Walking along. Trains coming down the middle of the street, guys. There's also bikes in the middle of the street. There you go. That's I think it's so cool that they the trains, cars, and bikes all just share. There goes a train. Here comes a bike. Car. Car. Little tiny van. Look, I'm in Rotterdam. I want to get somebody in the bike to ring a bell. That's that's my goal. I want to hear like ding ding ding ding. So, I don't know how to get somebody to ring the bell. I don't know what I don't know you'd say or how you'd even gesture that, but my goal is to get somebody to ring their bell. Maybe the best way is just stand in front of them and make them mad. Yeah, that's what I want. Another train. Why not? Train rang its bell. Maybe I get a car and a bike. If we get somebody to honk the horn. Just got to go a little. I don't. That's going to be much harder, I think. Here's the problem. I've seen lots of bikes go by, but they're all like on their phone talking and then their other hand's on the handlebars. So, how can they ring the bell? No. No hand. All right. So, I think she's got a big Oh, no. So, we get a little ding ding. So, see, you had a drink. You can't You can't ring your bell. We need to find a rider. Both hands on the handlebar. And I got a signal. Ding ding. Oh, green. I have to look out though. This is where I I'm going to get hurt. Oh, shoot. It just changed. Okay, we don't we don't cross the Maybe get one of the cars to honk the horn. There goes all the cars. A little beep beep beep beep. Nothing beep beep. Nothing. Okay. Oh, I heard I heard one, but it wasn't for me. But I might that might count. That might count. >> We're going. Okay, we're crossing the street. Maybe the best way to get a biker to ring their bell is just like run straight at him and like ah and scare him. Maybe if I startle him. Here comes one. Try it. Just kidding. I'm not I don't want to make him crash. See? Here we go. So, get Oh, he's got gloves on. He can't ring He can't ring a bell. There's no bell ringing for him. Here comes the bike rider. Oh no, he he turned again. Another train just coming down the street with pedestrians and cars and bikes. Like here comes here comes a bike. Oh, he's hauling. Okay, I was just stand out there, but no, I'm not. This is a motorcycle. That guy. Little scooter. See, maybe we get like a horn. Like a little h little Hey. YES. WOO. We got the horn from the train. The bell from train. >> Now he's got to get like a How do I get that bike to do it? Walking through this. It's cold, but you see every they still sit outside just they sit on patios and eat and drink and have coffee and >> little treats outdoor experience. So, here comes a lady. Maybe we get her to ring her bell. Ding ding ding ding. >> Nope. Oh, no bell. We I tried. I tried. >> Okay. Should I try again? Here comes a bunch of them. like ding ding. Oh, if he's on the phone, but maybe him. Ding, ding, ding, ding. Oh, almost. Oh, he almost ran into it. He was going to I saw his thumb move, but then a pedestrian got in front of him, so he he had to break. Let's see. Okay, here we go. Let me get her to do it. Ready? Ding ding ding ding. Nope. Nope. Nope. She was like, "Let's go. Let's go." I think this is the street where I turn. We'll have to find out. >> This is where we turn. Now I'm worried cuz now I have less black marker at a lot. No bike bells. Now I have less. Oh. Oh. Ding ding. Nope. I don't know if we're going to get the bike, guys. I I was feeling very confident, but now I don't know. I just don't know. >> Ding ding. Oh, no. No. Okay. Trying. Oh, here comes a couple of bikes. And I'm going to stand right out here and see. But that's car is jetting out. It makes it difficult for him. So I don't. And uh let's see. Here we go. Ding ding ding ding. Bell. Ding ding. Nope. Nope. Okay. All right. >> This guy looks like he could. Ding ding ding ding bell. Bell. Ding ding. Nope. We're never going to get this, guys, because I don't know how to jud. I'm just going like this with my thumb and I think they don't know what that means. I'm like, "Ding, ding, ding, ding." Cuz I feel like if I do that, they just think I'm going to say good job. Good job. I definitely don't want to do that. All right, let's see here. Oh, they're going too fast. I don't want to. They're They're hauling. We got to find somebody who's kind of at a leisurely pace. Just kind of like just enjoying it. These guys are booking it. Okay, here comes a bunch of them, though. So, thumb out and then I say, "Ding, ding." Maybe I should go ring the bell. Ring the bell. I'm not sure. Let's see. Can you ring a bell? Ring a bell. No. No. Okay. This guy, he's Can you ring a bell? Can you ring the bell? Nope. No. So close. It's terrible. Well, look at this city, guys. This is like a river and this green grass bridge. I want to go over there, but I'm afraid if I do that, then I'm not going to get any more bike people. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. Oh my gosh. Please don't kill me. Don't run over me. All right, good. But I'm not going to get any bike riders on this side to get the bell. So, but it might be Oh, look at this architecture. Hang on. I have to zoom in on this cool building. Here we are. You and I just walking down the street in Roderdam. Okay, I feel like I need to cross back over. So that I I mean this is very beautiful and I would like to stand this side but we have got to get a bike rider. Cross the street. Project bike bell back on. Bike bell back on. Kidding me across. And now the sidewalk. Now I got to cross back over. We're not going to have any bikes. Okay. Don't hit me. Crossing back over. All right. Good job. Well, that's terrible cuz now this is Look at this building. There's a lady right there. Oh, she's got headphones. She's going. She ring her bell. Ring the bell. Uh, I don't want to I don't want to approach and scare her. Let's see. No, I felt uncomfortable. >> Okay. Oh, she's got a big bell. Ring the bell. Ring the bell. Ding, ding. No. No. No. Okay. This is bad. This is bad. And guys, this has been such a wonderful day. Now, we're not going to get a bike ringer. And uh that's going to maybe taint our day a little bit. But we did get the train. We got a double. We got a double toot from the train. Bike riders. Okay, let's see. Can you ring your bell? >> Ding ding. No. No. Okay. >> Let's see. Oh, maybe. Oh, maybe he was ding ding. I thought I was going to ring at them and I was going to count it as a win, but uh did not work. Let's see here. And I think this is I'm getting close to the subway to the rail station. Oh, here we go. Can you ring your bell? Ding ding. Ah, yeah. >> We finally Yeah. Ding ding. All right. This is the the Roderham central station. I'm going to go there. I had catch I have a ticket that'll take me back to the like the the airport station where I'm staying at. Tomorrow I'll be flying home and uh have some fun stuff, little surprises to talk to you about in tomorrow's video. So, watch this. There's this um look, they just they don't even the pedestrians just walk. They don't even they just go. There's no light and everybody just stops for him. It makes me so nervous. Well, Roderdam, you are beautiful city. No denying that. Oh, almost uh going here to the station. So, here we are at the station. One of the things that uh was told, you know, Roderdam during World War II was decimated, almost completely bombed down. So they had to rebuild everything. So there's lots of modern architecture now. Just cool stuff. And now I have to figure out where to go cuz I don't know. Always makes me a little bit nervous. Also, the times of course they do it probably the better way. It's like 1730 or whatever. I'm like adding up my mind. I'm like that's 5:30. Uh-oh. I got to go find track four. Okay, hang on. I have to go this way. I'm already getting lost. I think I'm on the right train. Anybody's guess at this point. Oh boy. Just got here and something unexpected, should have been expected just happened. All my adrenaline just wore off. I'm tired. really tired. Oh, >> okay. So, I got back to the hotel and then the hotel had like this little meet and greet or whatever it was and complimentary cheese platter was placed out there and I ate the whole cheese platter. Okay, I didn't eat I didn't eat the whole cheese platter, but I ate a lot of cheese and then you know what the problem with cheese is? It makes you tired and it made me even more tired. And so then I was just up here editing the pinball video and then I just realized I didn't do the ending and I didn't have a chance to talk to you. So I'm a little tired, but that doesn't diminish the message at all. It still means the same thing. I am talking to you right now. Just you. I want you to know how amazing you are. You matter. You are unique and you are special. You are interesting. You are awesome. And you make the world a better place. I hope you hear this message and I hope you believe it because it's true. It's absolutely true. All right, guys. I will uh next video made travel video. I have to get up super early to travel. I'm tired. And then I got some funny stuff to tell you about Dan Paris because you're not going to believe what's going to be happening next on our channel. This is something crazy, something we've never done before, but I don't want to give it away yet. So, hit the like, hit the subscribe, and I'll see you in the next video. Bye-bye. You can ring my pinball. Pinball. That's right, guys. We went to the greatest pinball museum in the world. I loved it. The Dutch pinball museum. It was so much fun. Thank you so much for joining me. Tomorrow I'm gonna be traveling home and I have a huge surprise to tell you about Disneyland Paris. This is crazy bananas cuckoo. And I want you guys to know you're the very best. And to our patreons, thank you so much for uh being able to support us. We wouldn't do these videos without you. You are the best. We love you.
