---
video_id: UbkeXYObuoU
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "FIRST LOOK!! LEGOLAND BRAND NEW Roller Coaster! OPENING DAY POV"
published: 2026-03-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbkeXYObuoU
---
Here we are, guys, at Legoland, California because we are going to be previewing the newest roller coaster opening up today. My son Miles just ran in. He's super excited. This is This is what we're doing here. We're all excited for this. >> We have an hour before the grand opening. So, what do you guys want to do? >> I think we've got to go here and see what the is going to happen. The grand opening. >> Okay. >> Okay. Here we go. Oh, Miles >> loves Legand. So, here we go. We're going to go into Dino Valley, then pass this to the exclusive preview this way of the galaxy. I was just explaining how you love Legoland. >> Yeah, Legoland's so fun. >> So fun. >> My favorite part is >> Oh, taking it. >> Yeah. My favorite part is My favorite part is mini land. That's where um it's basically Legoland, but it's like the little mini figures are walking around like trucks are driving. >> Minland. >> Minand is my favorite. >> After we do the coaster preview, do you want to show them the mini land? >> Yeah, after we do coaster. Totally. I'll show you guys. There's also so many good parks things about this park. I'll show you it soon. >> Okay, we're going through here. This is the Legal Land movie area. >> It's right there in that giant box. a giant box. And here we go. This is going to be very exciting. Galaxy exclusive preview entry point. Let's do this. They just gave us little bobblydes. I don't even know what these are. The bobblydes. >> Bobbly. >> Bobbly. As you can see, everybody has their little bobblydes on. All right, so we got invited here to the media. This is the accessible area. >> It's exciting. We have to stand behind this line. Let me show you the line. >> And we're getting ready to get started here. The Lego Galaxy Coaster. >> Oh, I'm not even showing it. Sorry about that. There's the Lego Galactic Co. Sorry, the Galactic Coaster. Galactic Coaster and it's Lego Galaxy. >> Okay, there we go. The crowd is getting ready. Getting ready. This is all excited. We're going to try to get the crowd going. Here they go. The crowd. Yay. >> They're doing the wave here, guys. Get the wave all done. There's a little Lego dude right there. I love it. Are >> are you excited? >> Yeah, I'm very excited. >> You're very excited. >> I cannot This is This is fun. This is This is like one of your first media previews, isn't it? >> What do you think so far? >> It's fun. I can't wait to ride the ride. I mean, it's exciting, you know. Hey guys, I want to HEAR YOU SAY GALAXY LEGO. >> GALAXY. >> OH, they're coming out. Here they come. Here they come. This is Lego Galaxy, the new Galactic Coaster. Greetings, space travelers, and welcome to the grand opening ceremony of Lego Galaxy, home of the allnew Galactic Coaster here at Legoland California Resort. Today we will be counting down to the ceremonial launch of the very first spacecraft from spaceport 886 into the Lego galaxy. While we wait for Nova, let me introduce you to some very special guests. First, give a celestial cheer for Legoland CALIFORNIA RESORT PARK President and today's honorary launch director Kurt Starks. >> Good morning everybody. Uh, welcome to Legoland California Resort. Today is a very, very special day for the team here at California. After three years of building, testing, and dreaming, we are really proud today to officially open Lego Galaxy. Lego Galaxy is the home of our newest and most thrilling attraction yet, Galactic Coaster. So, Lego Galaxy has been built with families in mind. Every detail has been designed to create a place where kids can explore, where they can laugh, where they can experience theme park firsts and moments of wow. And we're really proud of what the team have done. And specifically with that team, I want to acknowledge the Legoland California team. Our Merlin Magic Makers who have basically brought to life everything that you see in front of you. Our operating teams, our marketeteers, our technical teams, our master model builders, everybody across the resort. The passion that they have put into this project will be on show for everybody to see. And I'm really proud that everyone's going to get a chance to see why this team are world class. And finally, I want to thank all the families that continue to visit us year after year. You are the reason that we are inspired to continue to innovate, continue to grow, and continue to develop amazing attractions like this. So, thank you for coming out. We hope you have an amazing day. Thank you. >> What? >> Incoming transmission from Nova. >> Nova, is everything okay? >> Spaceport, we have a problem. Uh-oh. >> We were completing the build in the engineering bay when the anti-gravity chamber went haywire and the blastoff button uh blasted off into THE LEGO GALAXY. WHAT? We're searching for it now, but I'd suggest you come up with a backup plan. >> Oh no. Our ceremonial BLAST OFF BUTTON MIGHT NOT MAKE IT TO THE CEREMONY IN TIME. >> SO, we could launch the spacecraft by using the power of dance world. >> Click the spaceship. Make your own drink. >> All right, everyone, help us out. We're going to count down from 10. HERE WE GO. >> 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 How fun. All right, they're getting ready to go. They're going to have the junior space cadets ride and the vice presidents and the executives ride and then we're going to open up. We're going to get a ride in. All right, so I just put our stuff in a locker and man, those lockers are tiny. Just so you be aware, the lockers are really small. And it'll also let you have to build your spaceship. So, if you do that, we'll have Miles build the spaceship so that we can fly and save the galaxy. Getting ready to go into the Galactic Coaster. They are having us line up. Everybody's lined up. You see, there's quite a crowd here to get in. Uh they're having the staff, I think, get the first chance to ride it. And then we are going to go right in. So, I got to show Mile's shirt because we're here at the Galaxy. And look at that shirt. >> All right, guys. Space Explorers gate A. We are going in. Here we go. We discover an ice planet. Exciting adventures guaranteed. >> Space cadets. >> Mtron. Looking for awesome space adventures. I don't really know what to show. I'm just walking around. Miles's eyes are about popping out of his head cuz it's exciting to see this little alien creature. We're winding through. I'm trying to look at everything, but we are walking pretty fast. All right, so 1979 classic space 2015 Lego City. Lego City. Oh, look at the different emblems. Lego Galaxy. All right. Oh my gosh. Here we are for the pre-show. >> Spaceportsventure. >> Oh, the guys little spaceport 886. >> All right, so this this is a really cool stuff. One, this is 25 times a Lego figure. Okay, this is Legolands, California. Very first animatronic. It's the very first animatronic here in Legoland, California. This little dude, he's not even that little. He's got nine body movements and 45 different facial features. >> Walker badge today. >> What's What's his name? >> Anyways, David with Big Red Journeys here. Legoland experts extraordinaire. >> That is true. >> What is What is his name? >> So, this guy's name is Biff Dipper. Biff Dipper. Oh, yeah. Yeah. His name >> Dave. What's his name? >> Biff Dipper. An original Lego character. So he's got >> a Biff Dipper like the Big Dipper but >> here we go. >> Mission briefing. >> We need your help. A giant space rocket is towards us into the asteroid of us all. tried stacking the ass with a giant laser. They tried catching it with a giant net, but that ingenious plan mysteriously failed. Over to the man with plan C. It's our chief engineer. >> Hey, S. C stands for connect because plan C depends on you. The plan is to break up the asteroid by harnessing the most destructive force in the galaxy, the separators. These guys just can't help breaking things apart. So, let's turn their men into a force for good. SW separators to the asteroid. Over to Commander Olivia who is out to find some >> Alpha Baby and Charlie have the space separators. >> For those of you who might not know, you don't play with Legos. Those little separators are real tools that Legos people use to like snap like tight Legos together. You can step apart. >> Okay. First, you need to customize the spacecraft so awesome that it grabs the separator's attention like nothing else. >> Okay. >> So, we have to make our ship and we're going to let Miles make our ship. >> All right. Now that we've gone through the mission briefing, we got to put us in a little line. And we are now going to go build our ship, I believe. >> All right. So, how many different combinations of ships can we build here? >> About 625 combinations >> cuz you got the side back >> side back tail and then an extra which is like it's pretty cool little accessories you can do. >> So, Miles is going to do this. The cooler your ship, the cooler the ship that Miles builds, the more separators we'll get, which is what we need. It's all up to you. if we fail. >> Yay. >> So, Miles is going to build our ship and then we're gonna get a tag. It's kind of like the the those like slap bracelets. You're going to wear a tag and then we're going to tap our ship and then our ship will follow us as we go on the adventure. >> All right. Thank you. So, wristband. Miles, let's see. Wristband. There's two per party. >> Okay, guys. Here we go. We're going in and uh we're going to have Miles build a spaceship and uh I'm I don't know anything about this. >> All right, go over there. Find a terminal. Terminal 10. >> Something's happening. >> Chief engineer coming down. >> Fifth Dipper. >> As the asteroid of probable destruction is zooming closer to spaceport. >> Asteroid of probable destruction. >> Sending over blueprints for the basic spacecraft I design for your mission. >> Okay. Okay. Thank you, Biff. >> Your task is to customize my basic design and then ride it into space. Okay. >> Okay. >> Work together and follow my instructions. >> Got it. >> Let's hope this signal holds. >> It does. It did. >> First, pick the coolest nose design. >> Select your nose. Whichever one you want. Oh, okay. Miles is going. >> He selected a nose. There's different options. Claws even, but Oh, no. Oh, no. Deciding to choose. He likes that one. I like it, too. Looks fast. >> You have to choose before time runs out. >> Now, select the wings. Which wings is he going to select that? Let's see the other ones. Look at the other ones. All right. Oh, >> okay. What? >> I'm doing basic. >> Yeah. What was that? >> I'm just going to give I'm just going to do a basic one. >> Basic ship. >> You can do whatever you want. It's your ship. Great. >> Love it. >> Tell Here's a different tail options. That one's good. OH. OH, YOU KIDDING ME. OH, RAINBOW. NO. NOPE. SCORPION. What's he doing? >> He's just going all aesthetically pleasing choices. >> I'm just going to go basic. I'm just going basic. >> Just going basic. >> What? Basic's fun. >> I like that. Okay. Now, what do we got? Select extras. What do we got? Okay. Oh, fast. >> Oh, nice. Oh, the balloons. Bigger balloons. >> Boosters. >> What is this one? >> Oh, okay. Which one are you doing? Oh, you want boo. Miles just gone straight down the middle. Nothing crazy. We're going hardcore fast. >> This is fun. Kids are going to love this. And uh it's it's great. All right. I think you're going to have to tap it. Maybe. >> Let's see what it says. >> Tap it. >> Hey, you got it. You tapped it. We're good. All right. Woohoo. Hands up. We're celebrating. >> I think you already got it. >> Our spacecraft is ready. >> All right. So, that's fun. We're going to go in here. We're now going to build a not we're going to go get on our ship. Oh. Look at it. >> What do you think? What do you think? >> Awesome. Okay, this looks fun. >> Are you nervous? >> Yeah. >> A little nervous. That's okay. That's okay. >> Hi guys. >> Here we go. >> Okay, so this is Look at the They're boarding. There's our friend Julie. Go get it, Julie. Woo. Hi guys. Have fun. >> So, you get on these cool ships and then we're going to zoom around. Miles built our ship and you went, "What are you What do you you name your ship? What would you call your ship?" >> The basic cruiser. >> The basic cruiser. The BC. The basic cruiser. >> They're boarding. This is fun. Okay, we're going to put this in our pockets, guys. And put this in a pocket. Here we go. >> We got We're going to board. I'll put it in the pocket. >> Are you guys all good? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> We are good. >> Nervously excited. >> Of course. Me, too. >> So, we'll be the CLC OURSELVES RIGHT NOW. LOOK AT THAT. LOOK AT THAT. >> GOOD. GOOD. >> Here we go. OH, YEAH. OH. for the asteroid. Ready for the sun. >> What was that, Miles? >> That's insane. That's awesome. >> And here WE ARE. THERE WE ARE. LOOK AT THOSE SHIPS. You do it. >> Oh, he separated the crow. >> Look at that. >> That was perfect kid roller coaster. Like it's exactly what they wanted. Colors, fun, little turning, not too crazy. It's got a fun story for them so they understand it. >> I know. >> Of course, as you do with all rides, you have to exit into a gift shop. >> That was awesome. We're just getting out. I got to get Miles's initial reaction. >> I got to do >> That was awesome. >> What did you like? What do you think? >> It was like a perfect kid roller coaster. Not too intense, not too long. Just like perfect. >> Perfect. Bright colors. >> Bright colors everywhere. And >> 10 out of 10. >> Did we 10 out of 10? Did we Were we were we were able to destroy the meteor? >> Yep. >> Yeah, we did. We got enough. We got enough spears. Oh my gosh. That's literally I think Miles he he captured it. It was fun. It was the kids like bright colors, easy story for them to understand. >> And uh Miles like when Miles was like 10 out of 10. We were riding he's like this is awesome. >> Very true. And this is a great like entry from like going from like a little kid coaster to more of a thrilling good stepping stone. >> It's like it's like Cosmic Rewind but kid version with a little bit of Tronesque in it. Amazing. So, Miles just got interviewed by Rob, the C, I think he's the C OO, and he was like, what did he tell you? What did that guy tell you? Rob, we saw him in the video. He had the really bright shoes on. >> Yeah. He said that he asked me, he's like, "Well, do you like to build Legos?" I'm like, "Yeah, I love to build space Legos." And he's like, "Well, that's that's right because we made this roller coaster just for you." >> Yeah. He told him that. It was awesome. All right. So, what did you think? For real. So, now we have time to sit down. Were you ner you were a little nervous? >> I was a little nervous at first, but it's just so >> perfect. And like the perfect kid roll. >> It's amazing, huh? >> It's amazing. >> It's amazing. >> All right, so just one last time, tell them where to find you. >> David over at Big Red Journeys on Instagram. >> Big Red Journeys. And I've known David, we've known we >> a while. >> It's been several years >> because he's also a Padres's fan. We We both are diehard Padre fan. I will say this though, David's probably the only bigger Padre fan than I am, and that's saying something cuz you know how much I love the Padres's. So, >> I've been a season ticket holder for 10 years before the the the improvement through the through the dark ages. >> But but I I think I was there first 2014 >> uh >> 2014. That's when I was >> My very first baseball game was when I was 1 years old. >> Well, that doesn't count. >> Congrats. Check them out, guys. >> Appreciate it. Thank you, >> guys. What a fun little coaster. I just It was just fun. It's It's short. It's fast, it's short, it's not like like little kids are all going to like it. Uh, bright colors, and it's just a really easy, fun story for kids to follow along with. >> Okay, so I'm just walking. We're just going to see what I feel. It's kind of hot. Dad, do you want to do like the water ride? >> Oh, yeah. Do you want to do that? >> Sure, we could. >> Okay. >> Yeah, we're just walking. See what we feel. So Miles said he's just going to he's just going to walk until he finds what he likes. So we walk four steps and oh Travis school. So they have the junior 3 to 5 year olds and then the the then the 6 to 13 year olds. All right. So Miles is out here to drive and he is a rule follower. So he's he likes to obey all the traffic stops. He's in this little red car over here. Let's see if I can see him go. There he goes. He's zipping along. There he goes. >> He's going through a little bubble wash. >> There you go. Slow down. You're too fast. Oh, there he goes. Oh man, when I was a kid, I would have killed to do something like this. Just like drive. >> Yeah, I would have loved to have done this. Let's see. Oh, he's taking this very seriously. He's coming this way. See if we get Oh, there he goes. >> So, here's how good I did on the driving. I ran three red lights. I speeded. I drove ON THE WRONG SIDE OF THE ROAD. >> I WAS LIKE SAYING I'm like he's a rule follower. He's going to be all the rules. You were not. >> No. No. I was going crazy today. >> Okay. Now, we're going to go on to find the next thing he wants to do. >> Yeah. I think we can do um there's a there's a chill boat ride over here. Or we if we keep walking, we can get Granny's apple fries. >> Oh, my favorite. >> Yep. They're the best. They're so good. We're about to go do the parents worst nightmare. Oh, I thought I was going to the splash pad. Captain Cranky's Never mind. I thought you going to the splash pad. So, we're good. We are about to do Captain Cranky's boat. All right, we're Oh, we're entering in Miles. Name Ask him like what's named the boat? What do you want to name the boat? >> Uh, the Nautilus. This is the Nautilus. >> The Nautilus. >> And you are Captain Miles. >> The thing that's really important though little guy, when we do this, I do not want to hit a whirlpool. You steer us clear of whirlpool. >> No, we're going to go straight. >> No, we're not. >> Okay. Yeah, >> we are. >> We're going to hit a whirl. >> Okay. >> All right, Mie. I swapped the deck. Oh my goodness. >> What are you doing, you crazy balloon captain? >> Oh boy. >> Oh boy. >> Yeah. Okay, so we're coming to my favorite part of Legoland, Mini Land. This is all made of Lego and there's little mini figures and they're walking around. It's really like a magical place. Look, I'll show you. And yeah, >> look at this. Boats moving down here. You see the boat moving down? >> Oh, yeah. And there's boats moving. >> See? >> And look, the fire truck. >> Oh, fire truck's moving. >> Oh, yeah. I love Minland. It's so magical. >> Let's walk this way. >> Okay. >> Oh, you go that way. >> Uh, no. Let's go this way. >> Oh my gosh, there's a giant big giant out there. Three of them. A >> They're not They're not actually giants. They're just workers. All right. The wardrobe, all of them are closed. >> Look, >> it's really a really cool area. I love Minland. >> I love this area. Oh, and look, there's like a little avenue. >> I think they're not running right now. I don't know if they I don't know if they can run. >> They do run. >> Oh, look. The bus is turning. >> Yeah. See the bus? I think they have like a computer inside them. >> You think so? >> Mhm. And then there's the Chinese theater if from Disney World. Turn that off. Drink some water. >> See this? The car is like spinning out. That's amazing. >> We have to find some areas where you push buttons. >> Miles like you seen the You Wait, wait, hand me the water bottle. Hang on. Hold on. Miles says you push a button to make it go. All right. >> All right. You push the button. Something's going to happen. Dad, do you have to push? >> Oh, I had to push. >> I don't know. Maybe it's not working. >> Hear the buttons. >> Oh, there it goes. >> Great catch. Player one for the end. >> Run, Miles. Tap those buttons. Tap those. Tap those buttons. He's coming. Oh, he's going. Tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap. >> Touchdown. >> Touchdown. Okay, so if I was this guy, I would be trying to catch you. Is that what it is? Okay, got it. >> Helicopter. Helicopter. >> Miles just found a button. >> He pushed that but he's controlling the blue boat >> and he made it go. Oh, he's taking on some water. Come on, little blue boat. Go, baby. Go. >> Okay, so here's the plan. I'm just going to take the rest of this afternoon to kind of enjoy the time here with Miles. But if you every time you see something he feels like you really need to see, we'll turn the camera back on. >> Okay, so we are going to get Granny's apple fries. They are so good. >> Okay, we're getting your favorite treat, right? >> Wait, Dad. Should we get that? Oh boy. No, I think we got to go to OG. >> Okay. OG. OG. >> Okay, we're going to get the OG. Keep you guys updated. >> Okay, so here are the Granny Apple fries. They are so good. >> These are your favorites. >> Yep. >> Okay, here goes nothing. >> You got the whipped cream. There you go. They are sweet and the apple are green apple so it's a little bit sour. >> It's so good. >> They're so good. >> We're not even done. And he's asking for seconds. He's like, "They're good, aren't they, though?" They're fantastic. I love it. Little sour apple covered with the sugar and cinnamon and then you put in that whipped cream. Wow. All right, guys. We got a lot to talk about. So, in just a few days, I'll be flying to Paris. I'm going to Disneyland Paris to see the brand new Arendelle. And this is very exciting. It's a brand new land. They're opening up here in uh Disneyland Paris. And they're retheing the whole park there. And I have this media invite will be one of the you'll see it very first here. So, if you haven't, hit the subscribe button. Boom. And then if you like this video, hit the like button. Boom. Thank you so much. Okay. And then also we'll do I'm going to do a video. If you saw yesterday's video, I had my favorite drink I've ever had at Disneyland and I have my wife try that and I will get her response in the next video of what she thinks of that drink. So, lots of good content coming up here. >> All right, guys. Is the main engine test button? >> Welcome explor. Stand by for main engine test. All right. So, right here in the Galaxy Land, we are going to go to UFO, ultimate food outlet. Best place. There are tons of options. Tons. All right. So, I ordered udon noodles. Miles ordered something out of the world crazy. >> A cheeseburger. >> But then my friend David is here and he ordered some tacos. He got some extra. So, we're going to also get a taco here. You place your order. There's touchcreens. Then they go over there and they have like stellar crust, crater chicken, cosina, cosmica, nebulan noodles, astrogill. Oh, 985. That's us. I'm not sure what happened. They just said 985 and Miles bolted. I don't know if he needs help or not. I'm just sitting here like, is he got this? So, to answer that question, no, he's not able to do it cuz we get there. Oh, my noodles just got up. You have to scan your code. And he didn't add the code. So, here we go. I got hamburger. Now I got to scan the code for for my udon noodles. All right. Scan my code. There's my food. So, there's David. He ordered these tacos. Look at these tacos. Miles, that burger looks intense. And I got some ud on noodles cuz I love the noodles. We also got a little fruit cup. Starf fruit. And uh how are the tacos? >> Very good. >> Very good. >> Very good. I gave it a four and a half out of five. >> Oh wow. >> It's uh it's kind of like kind of like a quesadilla style taco. You know, very famous. The consume is not really a consume. It's more of like an enchilada sauce, >> but it's good. It's full of cheese and I just can't go wrong with cheese. >> Oh, no. I love cheese, too. >> Love it. Love it. Love it. And how about that so far? >> Good. Very good. >> It's good. Hamburger. Hamburger. >> There you go. >> Let's check out the noodles. Oh, he's taking the starf fruit right off the bat. You know, either the cantaloupe cantaloupe is cut like stars. Little star cup. I have to show the ceiling cuz like they there's like little stars. They're like moving. And each of these planets, every one of these planets, you see like little stars lighting up. Each one of these planets represents one of these restaurants. So like the the taco, the noodles, they all represented I don't know which one is which. >> All right, we're guys. We're going to be riding this one. It's the GeForce something. I don't even know what it's called. >> All right, the ride is taking off. And just keep in mind, we just ate lunch. U noodles. Oh boy. Oh, they're going fast. Oh boy. >> I literally can see the adult faces, like kids faces. A lot of adult faces are like >> the kids, right? Welcome back. >> Do you think we're going to get sick? >> Yeah. >> Not the answer I wanted. Looks like somebody lost their chapstick. Oh no. >> Oh no. We're barely started. We are going fast. >> Oh boy. Okay. >> Yep. Oh, THERE HE GOES. OH MY GOSH. Like my camera can't even I can't even handle it. The camera can't handle. It's spinning out of control. We are going I don't even know what's going on. Oh my gosh. I'm so sorry about this. This major G4 sucks. We can't We can't control it. OH MY GOSH. OH my gosh. Oh my goodness. Oh my gosh. You're going to be getting SICK WATCHING THIS. You're going to get sick watching is why WE'RE GETTING SICK RIDING IT. That is a disaster. >> You can see all the adults just seeing it. They're like, "What have we just done?" >> I have a little gummy tummy. Like, I'm not even lying. We're going to ride it one more time. And this time, Mile, you said you're going to go all fighter on the on the >> Yeah, the laser. >> Okay, let's go do it. I love it. All right. So, we just got these wristbands. Now, we are your group. They give you two wristbands, but you can only build one ship. And the reason they give you the two wristbands in case one of them doesn't work that you have a backup. >> All right, we're doing it again. Miles is going to build this, but we're going to The rule was he can't use anything he did from the first build. >> All right, nose design. color. >> Oh. Oh, maybe the claws. >> Nope. All right, we're going red. >> Like it. >> Oh, you got to go. >> Okay. Now, what's the next thing we're doing? >> Are you just doing all reds? >> You thought you'd go crazy? >> No, because you get weapons. >> What's that? What' you say? >> Red has lots of weapons. Oh, Red has lots of weapons. Oh. Oh, you're building a weapons. >> Yeah, he noticed that. >> All right. Red does have a lot of weapons. >> Tap the screen to drive them up. That doesn't have to be right the first time. Uh >> oh. Going to do it. >> It does have a lot of weapons on there. >> Yeah. The more weapons you have, >> one extra. Select an extra. >> Can't you can't do something you've done before. >> I like it. I like it. >> Is that what you're doing? >> Oh, you're doing that one. 4 3 2 1. >> All right. Every one of you. >> I like it. 1 2 Oh yeah. for the asteroid. They're taking it apart now. Let's get out of here. >> Wa! Woohoo! Welcome back. You saved space for >> Oh, there's our photo, guys. Look at Miles. So, we got invited this media event and they told us when we got here, they're like, "Oh, we're going to do a video of you and Miles riding the attraction." And then we got here this morning. They didn't have that like going. I was like, "Oh, maybe they're just not going to do that." But then we just rode the ride again. And then we got off and they're like, "Nope, it's time now." And they were there and they slated us and we got to ride it. I don't think we'll get that footage for a couple days though. So, this video will come out probably before we get that footage. But once I get that footage, I'll put it on our Instagram, Provos Park Pass, and you can watch that footage on our Instagram account. Uh, go check that out cuz what a fun thing. I got to find a spot where I can talk to you guys. Hey guys, I just want to take this this brief moment cuz right now I'm just talking to just you. Thank you so much for joining us today. I've hope you've enjoyed it. I want you to know that you you you matter. You make the world a better place. Did you know that you are unique? You're special and you're amazing. And if you're having >> You are amazing. >> They are, aren't they? >> Yeah. >> And if you are if you're feeling like you're having a hard time or struggling with some depression or just having a little bit of a blue patch, feeling melancholy, it is going to get better. That's a promise. I just want you to know that. So, uh, thanks for joining us today. >> This is the Lego store. Um, they have all the Legos you could imagine. Starting from a cute little bunny to a giant battleship. >> Look, there is >> Oh, this is what my dad is getting. >> You're showing you're showing yourself. I thought you were showing merchandise. There you go. This is what Amanda wants. She saw this and she's like, I have to have it. >> And they have Duplo. They have spiders, unicorns. >> These are what Miles like the Crater 31 cuz then you decide like what do you want to build? Uh-huh. >> I was looking at this. This is cool. >> And also that >> Which one would you build? The city, the tower, or the >> I would I would the city. I would build the tower probably. But then this is also a creator set. And to be honest, I'd probably just do the original one they have on the box there. >> Which one would you build? >> Yeah, the original one they have on the box. >> Look at that Haunted Mansion one. Whoa. >> A ghost train. >> Oh, yeah. You can do a ghost pirate ship or a ghost train. Again, I would probably just do the main one. >> And then there is >> Oh, yeah. Okay. Sorry. >> This is Duplo Alley. And then here's some friends Lego sets. Oh, wait. My bad. There is Oh, there's train tracks. There's a train. Oh, yeah. This is all Lego City stuff. Now you're Now you're into more of my type. >> Oh, hold on. My dad's over here. >> Excuse me. with your family. >> That's cool. >> This is cool. All right. I got a bunch of stuff at the Lego store, but they're having a party here. I got to show it to you. It's the Legoland brass band. There you go. >> Number one is sing along. Trombone action. Insane. I go little trumpet. They're encouraging everybody to dance. Fun. >> I had a great time today. It was so much fun. I made some friends. I went on rides. I ate delicious food. It was the perfect day. It's >> a good day. >> Yeah, it was a great day. >> I love the coaster. I love it. >> Yeah, the coaster is great. >> So fun. >> It really is. >> Thank you so much for joining us. Thank you for being so kind, making the world a better place. Uh, thank you Legoland for inviting us. We had a great time. I love it. I do want to say something about Legoland just to the parents real quickly. Legoland's a very unique park. If you have little ones, don't delay. I know at some time which makes you a little sad is that Miles will probably outgrow Legal End. And when that day happens, my heart will be sad because I love coming here with him. Right now, we have so much fun together. And so, if you have little ones, it's the perfect place to come with little ones. So fun. Uh if you want to get the best tickets on it and you want to stay at like Legoland's hotels, whatever, you can just call 1855 Getaway 1855 getaway and uh or click the link down below. When you they answer the phone, say, "Park pass sent me." Walk over here, little guy. Say, "Park pass sent me." And you will get the lowest prices on your Legoland tickets, your hotel stays, everything you need for an amazing vacation. They'll help you out with Disneyland, Universal Studios, Florida Vacations, all of it. whatever you need. You'll get the lowest prices on all all of it. Okay? But if you do have little ones and you're thinking about it, don't delay cuz it's awesome. It's It was a We're back. We're staying here at the Hampton Inn Suites and we're back. Miles has got the mega Lego bag because we bought some stuff. We're walking in and I think a man is waiting for us right here. Yeah. Hi. Oh my gosh, that bag is just ridiculous. >> That bag is ridiculous. >> Are you kidding me right now? >> Go to the room, >> man. Keep saying, "What have you done?" That bag is Miles could get in the bag. >> Okay, I could carry you with this bag. Hop in. I'll carry you, too. >> Turn Turn around so I can see how big that bag is. >> It's amazing. >> It's a Lego mega bag. >> That might be my favorite bag I've ever seen in my life. >> It's amazing, huh? >> It's amazing. Wow. >> The big Are we doing the reveal? The Lego L. This bag. >> So, >> okay. Let's do Wait. No. No. Say that one last. For last. >> Okay. I'm noting. >> Okay. That one's for last. That one's >> Okay. Ready? >> You go. >> Oh, my baby. >> You said you wanted that so bad. I FaceTimed her. >> The cutest. >> Is it the cutest? >> Are you ready? >> Oh my gosh. She's hilarious. >> Hold on. She's still looking at that. >> Okay, that's awesome. >> Okay. Okay. It's a t-shirt. >> T-shirt. >> Oh, the cutest. Oh my gosh. >> Can you tell the camera? >> Little ducky. It's a little Lego ducky. That is so cute. >> Oh, it's so for you. >> I love this. >> Let's see it. >> I'm wearing the wrong hat, guys. We need to switch. >> It's black. It says Lego. It's barely Amanda loves black hats. >> I love it. It's like barely visible. I love this. >> We got a few of these, >> of course. And then for the me and dad are going to work on this. >> Yes. >> And we got it because we just got the pinball of it. >> Okay, John. >> This is insane. This is insane. Oh my gosh. This is incredible. Look at that shark. >> Uhhuh. >> He's so cute. It's almost like he has chubby cheeks. >> Oh, >> I love that. I just want to squeeze them. Oh my gosh, you like he kiddo. This is incredible. >> We'll be able to build that together. >> Oh, this is fantastic. >> And dad are going to love it. I love everything about this. You guys did so good. >> All right, guys. See you next video. >> Bye.
