---
video_id: zqJ5pOtJFSw
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "SNEAK PREVIEW Fast & Furious Roller Coaster"
published: 2026-03-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqJ5pOtJFSw
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris. I'm at Universal Studios Hollywood. Today I'm giving you a sneak preview of the Fast and Furious roller coaster. It's going to be awesome. I got to get checked in for this media event. Let's do it. Walking down CityWalk to go check in. It's a little cold today. It's Wednesday. It's a little bit a little windy and cold. It's early in the morning. It's Let's go down here and get checked in. Check out this brand new Fast and Furious roller coaster. I'm excited to see the new cars that are going to be on it. >> All right, we just got checked in for the event here at Universal Studios Hollywood. All right, they just entered us into the park. We're walking over to the new Fast and Furious uh roller coaster. We're going to get a sneak preview of the launching area, the also the new cars on the roller coaster. Let's go check it out. All right, here it is. The Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift. It's going to be opening. This going to be opening up sometime this summer. The announcement, the opening date, we don't know yet. We know it's going to be sometime this summer. Really cool. So, we're excited about this. And they're taking us in here. >> Thank you. Thank you. >> Have your wristbands out, please. >> Thank you. They're taking us back here. This is going to be the new Oh, you guys. It's a first look of the loading area. This is insane. >> Oh my god, >> this is really cool. Oh my god, I am so excited. >> Here we go. >> Okay, guys. This is getting ready to go up there and see the new loading area. There's a big mural. We're going to see the cars. >> So, this is the little loading area. Single rider line. >> Express. >> Wow. Okay. >> Okay. They take us up here to see the track. >> I'm just trying to show you what I see. >> Here we go. >> There it is, guys. Let's check out these cars. >> Oh my god. >> This is going to be amazing. The ride vehicles are here. >> This is awesome. >> It's okay. >> This one, this car here, it was Brian Oconor's car. This is the 10-second car. It is the 1994 legendary. It's the Toyota Supra and it's a twin turbo in uh inline 6 engine in. And this is the car that uh Connor had to give to Dominic Toretto for the 10-second car. The Skyline car. Look at this car. This is a roller coaster, guys. This gonna be You'll be sitting here riding the roller coaster in these cars. This is the 2002 Nissan Skyline that uh Brian O' Conor had. How cool is it? Look at Look at the details here. Look at this. Sitting in really cool. Okay, this is the vehicle that was driven by Han. Check it out. It's the orange. Like, this is so sweet. I'm just like looking at this. This is a roller coaster. >> RX7. >> This is intense. And look at the lights on it. Like the Here's mom's RX7. Now, if you want to know something kind of interesting, the wheels down here, these are the 19in wheels that Han on the RX7. They have the 19in wheels. They've included that. They've included that. This, of course, is the 1970 Dodge Charger that Dominic Toretto. This car, this is one of my f American pure American muscle car. You got the hood. Look at that. All of it. This is very sweet looking. This is literally the roller coaster looking like cars. Now, these cars can drift. They spin. When the ride goes, they'll be spinning. That's you right there. Freaking me out. This it doesn't even look like a roller coaster and they've taken all the best elements of the roller coasters and combined it in this one. So, I'm going to give you some facts here that this is this car. This is the fastest. It's going to be the fastest Universal Studios roller coaster in the world. In the world. Oh my god. Giving that sweet little preview. The This roller coaster is going to go 72 mph. 72 mph. These these cars will spin on it. The length of the track is 4,100 ft. It's about 12 football fields. This is where this is the launch. So, the cars are going to come out of here, take you down. That white area around it, that's sound abatement. That's just so the sound doesn't travel out over the valley area. But this is really cool. So, it's got a split entrance this side and then also on this side. They don't have a car out over here yet for people to see, but oh my gosh, this is going to change. This is going to be a game changer. 72 mph top speed. It's insane. So, we're going to go check this. There's a little area here. Go check this out. This is amazing. Look at the mural on the wall here. Fast and Furious and Dominic Toretto. Okay, I'm going to go right over here. We're going to go onto the other side cuz I wanted to I've got permission to go over here and show you. This is the other loading bay area. We don't know when it's going to open yet. It's going to open sometime in 2026, summer 2026. Not sure yet. Uh, but it's going to be amazing. We're going to walk up here. This is the Since we have access to it, let's go up and explore the whole area. Let's see what we have. Oh yeah, you can see the track. Hang on, let me get the lighting. Okay, so this will be where the employees do the launching. Look at this. >> Wow. And of course, looking over here, you can see. >> It doesn't even look like a coaster. It's like they've taken like all the best aspects like cosmic rewind and the speed and all this and combined it. This is really cool craftsmanship. I'm back and forth. >> So, I don't believe that this area that we're standing is going to be accessible to the public. Maybe it is. I don't know. But this is obviously where part of the launch is here. The employees and they got down here. Really cool. really really cool. Looks like it's going to be a really good one. It's really I know that Universal is going really hard on the theming and the roller coasters and this looks fabulous. It looks fast and furious. See the cars coming here. Wow. I'm excited. Really excited for this. Now, of course, this is going to be the entrance area that's coming in here. This is the track. You see the track is going to split cuz it's going to have two different loading areas. Wow. Goes all the way down there, too. Let's just take a look at those cars again. See if we can see those California license plates. Nice >> Supra. Like if you look like they got like the little gears or like some lights and but this is like right over there. And then on this side it's on the opposite side. If you look right here, let's look at the We got the license plate. >> And then you look at the the car. Look at that. >> I thought those were like seat belts, but they're just designs. Those designs. So there they go. >> You see like this all like they have little gears there. This is so cool. There's the charger. It does look amazing. Like I think everybody's gonna want to ride a Charger at first, but just love that they included like the 19inch wheels on this like in the like they did in the movies. It's fantastic. And come over here, get the front lights of the Charger. Look at that. And you can see this is on the the roller coaster. These are sitting on the track obviously, but they spin. It's going to swivel. So when you go to the chorus, it'll feel like you are drifting. Yes. Love it. This is cool. This Fast and Furious franchise is so huge. And they just announced the new movie new movie is going to coming out. It's called Fast Forever on March like 17th I think of 2028. Do you remember when they first started these? It was just like racing and then all a sudden it turned into spies and warfare and outrunning submarines with missiles. They just keep making it more and more like just craziness. But people just love it cuz it's so fun. Supra. Look at the look at the little detailing on the hood. That's crazy. That's crazy. I just just can't think about this. Look. Oh, even they even have the uh the detailing on the mural. I love it. Remember when they're racing and the train was coming? Of course, you have to have a train scene and all that. It's amazing, you guys. They just said they're going to send the train out so we can see it go. This is crazy. I didn't know we're going to see the train get to move. Oh, no. >> That's full speed. >> Okay, now >> we wait. >> Now we wait 2 minutes. >> They said in about 2 minutes is when they're going to >> Oh my gosh. It takes about 2 minutes. >> So 2 minutes. They said it's about a 2-minute ride. >> They're drifting. >> Oh my god. Back up. Wow, that's amazing. They said they're going to send it again. It that drift was so cool. They're going to send it again. So, I'm going to try to get in the crosswalk so I can see that better drift version of that. That's what I'm trying to do. Oh, I think they're getting ready to launch it. I got to get over here. Hang on. Hang on. Hang on. Trying to get over here. There it goes, guys. I'm going to run down and catch it. So, catch the drift. It's going again. This is going to be a super big game changer for Studios Hollywood. Um, this is going to be a massive draw. Coaster looks fun. It's fast. Do I say furious? Looks awesome. All right, they're going to run it one more time. I'm going to try to go out on the other side to catch it on the other side. So, I'm going to go down here. I literally trying to catch different angles for you to see. So, we'll go down here. Let's see if I can find a good spot. All right, let's see up here. Should go right in that little area there. Oh, there it goes. Oh, it's a backwards drift. >> What do you guys think? Okay, >> I can't wait for it to open. We don't know exactly when it's going to open. And when it does, we're going to try to be here opening day to show you that, do media previews of this. It's going to be amazing. This is going to be a total game changer. I can't wait. Are you excited? What do you guys think about this? Does this make you want to come to Univers Hollywood? Let me know down in the comments down below. Which car do you want to be in? I want to hear all your thoughts of it. The fact that you're going to be drifting around those corners. Oh, it's going to be awesome. All right. So, I got permission. They said we can start posting and I was told that we they're going to run it again. I'm going to go outside to go watch it on the outside uh to go. So, let's go see this. Okay, this is the queuing area. They're lining everything up here. So, this will be the main. It's going to be everybody's going to be lining up for this. You see how the express pass and they have single rider lines. All that's all been going through there. So, we are going to exit out and go see if we catch it on the outside. Thank you so much. I appreciate that. Thank you. and head on right over here. And I'm going to go down to this track so I can watch it. >> There they go. They just launched it again. I'm going go down here and catch it on the outside. Okay, let's take a look here. When it comes through, guys, we're get a chance to see it drift. It is very quiet. The sound bait is working. I'm going to try to go down. I think they might run it one or two more times. Maybe I'll see if I got catch it from a lower angle. I don't know where the best area to get is going to be. Maybe here. They're going to run it again. by the stro. Also, there is no smoke. As you step on the escalators, please stand in the feet forward and avoiding the sides. Face forward at all. >> Try to catch it all and remain for your own safety. Please do not sit on the steps. All right, here we go. See, it's drifting. That takes it down over those way back there >> behind the trees. And then it's going to bringing it back over here. >> So go over this and then right as it drifts around that corner, which is amazing. And then it said, "Come over." And they do an inversion right at the end. Look at this. I I'm This is going to be good. Really fast. Top speed of 17 mph, 4,100 ft long, about 12 football fields, and uh it's going to be great. New ride mechanics have not been done before. This twisting and inversions and all that. It's going to be a game changer. It's like they've taken all good stuff and just put it into one. They're like, "Let's just just do it." And they're doing it. So, I love it. I love it. What do you guys think? I'm kind of speechless about it. It looks good. And the the thing about it is, okay, Universal Florida. We're talking about Florida for a second. They have Veloc the Veloc Hagrits. Two of my very favorite roller coasters, right? They're amazing. And they got Epic. They got the Stardust Racers, which is so incredibly good. And so now that they're giving some love out here to California, I love that because this is going to be a game change for him. And their coasters that they've been putting in recently, Universal, they're just top tier. Top top tier. And so this looks like it's going to continue that amazing uh chain of the amazing streak of having awesome roller coasters. So I'm thrilled. I have complete confidence in Universal Studios right now to come up with the best attractions and roller coasters in the theme park world. You guys, Fast and Furious, it's going to be really good. And I I could I'm not just saying that to say that it's going to be amazing. Universal is doing it right. They really are going hard on the theme parks and I love it. I love it. So, I've been to Osaka, Universe Studios, Florida, obviously. In fact, I'll be in Florida again in three weeks. Universities in three weeks in Florida, showcasing some cool stuff down there. And I've also been the one here at Hollywood. This one has got this I'm nostalgia for this one because this is the first one I ever went to when I was a little kid. But I feel like the other theme parks are there's gotten so big. I was like, what's going on in California? This is going to kind of level the playing field a little bit and make it uh just going to make it awesome. I'm going to see if I'm coming to this side thinking maybe I catch another view of that coaster see if they launch it and they'll go uh that might be the last launch they're doing of the day. I can see it in there and it's just sitting there. It's not going. So, we're going to wait. I'm going to wait a few more minutes. See if they launch it one more time. So, I thought if they did I can maybe catch another angle over here uh to show you some more. We'll see if they do. Shoot. I don't think they're going to launch it again. So, after uh we went to Epic Universe, we went to was the Darkmore area, the Dark Universe, and my son Miles became obsessed with like, well, who are these creatures? What is going on? And so, they had we we went back and we watched the old Dracula movie and the Frankenstein movie and the Invisible Man movie and he really liked it. But his his Dracula was his favorite. But he said he the reason was he goes I he goes I just felt bad for Frankenstein. He goes I didn't think he was a bad guy. He goes and I'm like well that's part of the whole thing is is he I don't think he's bad either. He's just I don't know. Thought it was interesting little little boy's mind thinking that through little Scooby-Doo action. Velma and Shaggy. This going on here. They got King Julian. No way. Oh my gosh. Let's Let's get this. Get it. You look so good. You're the best. Oh, yes. Own it. Own it. Yes. Love it. Hold on. Look, there's Hello Kitty. I have to tell you the thing you have to know about Universal Studios though is I just FaceTimed my wife. She's like I was talking to her. She's like, "Show me the Harry Potter stuff." And I was like, "Look at this dress." And she's like, "I want it. Universal. They always have the best merchandise. You just can't help it. So, get Amanda Schoolgirl Ravenclaw dress. All right, guys. If you haven't Wait a minute. Did you hit that like button yet? You did? Okay, good. Then, if you haven't hit the subscribe button because tomorrow's video, I am going to try to show you the rarest hidden Mickey in the world. The what the world. So, hi. So, I want to show you that the we're hidden Mickey in the world. You want to make sure you see that. That'll be in tomorrow's video. And uh yeah, this is this is what we're doing. Hit subscribe, hit the like, you guys know that it's just nice way to you really when you do that, it just you're giving me a thumbs up and a hug and saying thank you, Chris, for doing these videos. Hey, that was really cool. But I got to I got to find a spot where I can just talk with you just for a brief moment. So, let me just find a spot where I can sit down. Okay, I found a little spot where I can stand and just you have my full attention. I want you to know right now I'm just talking to just you right now. You are amazing. And if you are at work or you're home or you're whatever you're doing, just listen to me for one second cuz this message is just for you. You make the world better. You do. You are awesome. You are unique. And you are special. And you make it better. And if you're struggling, it is going to get better. I just want you to know how amazing you are. I see you. I appreciate you. You are unique. You are special. And you matter. Make the world a better place. All right, guys. I'm walking out of Universal Studios. The media preview. That was very fun. I'm very honored to have been invited to that. Always is just a surprise and honored to be invited to something like that. So, all right. I'll see you guys in the next video. Well, we're going to be trying to find the rarest hidden Mickey in the world.
