---
video_id: gFUnxvSoVkk
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Disneyland Hides These In Plain Sight And Nobody Notices Them"
published: 2026-01-26
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFUnxvSoVkk
---
Hello everybody. You're watching Park Pass. Today I'm at Disneyland and this is one of my most requested videos and I didn't know anything about this until I did some research. Today I'm going to show you some hidden speakers at Disneyland. I think it's got very popular and people are like talking about it and they're sending me all kinds of things. So you got to do a video on hidden speakers. So let's talk about hidden speakers at Disneyland. One of the things that Disney does really well is they hide speakers. Now, right here in this little this little prominant area, there are some speakers here. You'll see it right there. These are one of the few places where you can actually see a speaker kind of out in the open. And that paint color there is called go away green. Disney paints those colors so and it kind of makes it when you look at it, you don't even really want to look at it. So, these aren't very well hidden speakers. They're here in the in the main area as you enter into Disney. But there are some speakers that are really well hidden speakers. To give you an idea of what I'm talking about in this video, if you look right over here, you see these windows. There is a speaker right there. That is a speaker. It's hidden. Looks like a little window shade thing there, but that's actually just a speaker. Kind of see a little bit in the middle right there. That's a hidden speaker. That's a great one, but it's not the best one. There are even better hidden speakers here at Disneyland. Now, Disney, they pump in a lot of music and a lot of sound effects. They don't want these big giant speakers just kind of taking away from the ambiance, so they hide them. One of the great things is is here at Disney, they have all kinds of like speakers and music for the ambiance. And uh and like for example when you walk in Main Street when you first get here in the morning and in the morning the music they're playing is very upbeat and it's like peppy and good. You'll notice in the evening as the park's closing gets dark the music actually gets a little bit softer to kind of calm people down. Disney uses music for all kinds of things. Also ambian sounds and different types of things uh throughout the park to create the illusion of having this magic. They don't want the speakers to take away from that. So, they hide them. Let me show you some really good ones. I'd like to thank our Patreons for this idea of the speaker video. We had a lot of people reach out, but our Patreon members, a lot of them kept messaging like, "You have to do speakers. This is a big deal." And so, I didn't realize this is such a big deal. So many people were talking about it or doing videos about speakers like, "You got to talk about it." I was like, "All right." So, I did some research and now we have some speakers here that we can talk about. So, let's talk about the hidden speakers at Disneyland. Beautiful Matter Horn. We're going to go right in here into Fantasy Land where we show you probably one of the most common and well-known hidden speakers. If any cast members are watching this, a cast member just stopped by and said hello to me. If you're a cast member, I just want you to know that I appreciate you. You are absolutely amazing. Oh. Oh, speakers. >> Hang on. >> Just a few minutes. I was talking about cast members. I just want you to know I appreciate you. If you work for Disney, uh if you work from currently or you ever worked from the past or maybe you even think about working from the future, I appreciate you guys. You're awesome. You make our Disney experiences amazing. It doesn't matter what you do. I think you're amazing. All right, let me show you the most famous hidden speaker. So, one thing that Disney is really concerned about is aesthetics. They want to make sure that aesthetics of Oh, hang on. So, they're concerned about aesthetics. They don't want you to be When Walt designed Disneyland, he designed it with a giant berm. This burm is like a big wall around it because that way you can't when you're in Disneyland. Hi guys, how are you? Hello. >> You can't see outside um Disneyland. You want to be just immersed and Wall was really concerned about that. So, one of the things that they're worried about is like speakers that that would take away from the ambiance. So Disney hides them. This could be the most popular probably hidden speaker in all of Disneyland. It's really nice. It's right here is a wishing well. Cinderella's wishing well. And if you look down here, that little square right there, that's a speaker. That little square is a speaker. So you hear that little song, I'm wishing. I'm wishing that is the speaker. I think that's They did a really good job hiding that one. Even have little speckles on the speaker and everything. Hidden speaker for the win. All right, let's go find some other hidden speakers for you. There's two of them that are really impressive. Oh, here they come. Love them. They all have hidden speakers on them. Just kidding. to show you another way that Disney hide speakers. They try to hide it in the decorations. Of course, I'll show you an easy one to see. We're going to go over here to Dumbo. They have hidden speakers right over here. Dumbo the flying elephant. Let's go look at the hidden speakers. These ones are hidden. I think they're not the best hidden, but they're but it's I don't know what I'm saying. They're good speakers. There's are some better hidden speakers, but these ones are fun right there. That's a hidden speaker. That's a hidden speaker. These are all the little hidden speakers. If they need to make announcements, it comes out through here. Now, Disney has lots of these speakers, but I really wouldn't count them hidden speakers, but they're all over planted and gardens right there. That's a speaker. And you'll once you've seen them once, you'll see them all over, but I don't count those as hidden speakers really. All right. So, the next speakers I'm going to show you are in Batu Star Wars Land. And they're going to become very important because they just made the announcement that starting April 29th, they'll be playing Star Wars music. You know, the John Williams and all that. And these speakers will probably be the ones that are playing it. And if you watch, I did a video once on transitions where uh when transition from one land to the other land. This is one of the best transitions in all of Disneyland. Okay. So, you're transitioning in here. You got the wood beams up here and then it turns into where you you got the um uh where they kind of supposedly cut it with lasers to cut through this rock. What would really take away from this is if you had big speaker boxes on the ceiling, whatever. So, they didn't do that. What do they do? This is amazing. These cracks are the speakers. It's where the sound comes out. So, when you come into this, we come in here, you hear it's all coming through these cracks right here. This is where the music's going to be coming out. When they started playing Star Wars theme song, they be coming through these speakers right here. That's incredible. These ones really aren't quite so hidden, but right up there, those are also speakers right there. And also right over here, you can hear it kind of rumbling through there. So that's how they make the pl that when it feels like a ship is flying through, it goes through speakers. Also, you can hear all these little ambiance sounds. Now, these speakers are hidden, but the reason they're hidden is cuz they're placed really far away. They put the speaker up on like a pole and kind of push the music the sounds coming down. So that way it kind of sounds like you're in almost like a sound bath. All right. So, it's going to be kind of hard to see, but there's a pole. Let's see if I can zoom in on this. Hang on. This is hard to show because the camera focuses on what's closest. But, see that tree? See how the two branches going to split? Right between that split, there's a pole there. Can you see the pole? And then it goes up. There's a speaker on the top of that pole. It's hard to get the top of that speaker because Oh, it's okay. >> It just goes to show how good Disney is hiding those speaker. It's hard to see. It's back pretty far. It's on tall. It's a pole. And the speakers on top, they're not really big. They're kind of like um you know, like the best way to describe it, you know, like those like a It's like a light bulb. They're flat, like a flood light bulb. That's almost what the speakers look like on top of coal. They're kind of flat and they push out. So, yeah, it's kind of cool. Do you guys know why the speaker got promoted at work? Yeah, it had sound judgment. >> I don't think this is the time for that type of humor. >> All right, we're exiting out. I'm about to show you my favorite speaker. I love this one. All right. So, we're going to go down here to the by Winnie the Pooh to see my favorite speaker. >> And it's a good one. It's a honey of a speaker, guys. You're going to love it. Let's turn this way. Let's head down, down, down. We're just going to kind of walk through here. So, I I always uh I get curious when I do videos like this. Do you want me just to cut from speaker speaker speaker or do you like the walk and talk aspect? I kind of get a mixture of people. And so, I'm kind trying to do a little bit of both in this video. Just trying to spice it up. We might have to go down and get a tiger tail because it is the best treat of all Disney. >> So, we're going to go right down here. Right. So, this is the exit of Winnie the Pooh. Right down there, there's a little honeypot. That's a speaker. And then they have these speakers over here. They're face. They look like beehives. That is my favorite speaker. And all they do is they play a little buzzing sound, like a little It's amazing. In fact, when Disney wanted that buzzing sound, Disney always like to be authentic. They wanted uh to record real bees, their wings flopping to get the sound. So, what they did is they ordered from a bee farmer 12 bees. They had the bees shipped to the uh the Walt Disney Studios and Burbank. They opened up the box to get the bees to do their sound recording. And there was 13 bees in there. So, they called the bee farmer. They're like, "Hey, there's an extra bee in here." And the the bee farmer's like, "Oh, yeah. That's a free bee." >> Right. Not the time for jokes. >> Let's go get a tiger to tell. You deserve it. Let's go get one. >> Oh, what are those? I'm not a big caramel apple guy. My wife is. Those look amazing. Oh, there's unfinished tiger tails. >> They have to drizzle chocolate on them. >> There they are. No, no. I think she's might be making the tear tails. We might be in for a real trip. Oh, no. She's leaving. Guys, this I'm going to stand right here and see what's going to happen because this is going to be amazing. >> I think she's going to do this, guys. This is going to be exciting. See a pure artist at work here. This looks This looks promising. Strain a little bit of chocolate up. Let's see an artist at work. >> Got to get the chocolate prepped. >> I think she's checking the temperature. Maybe. >> Is anybody in line? Whoever is in line, >> I'm super invested. I'm waiting to see if she's going to make these ticker tails. I know we're talking about speakers, but this guys, this is a rare treat. It's a treat. >> She's stirring. I think she's getting ready. >> It's been about 10 minutes. There's still She's still mixing the chocolate and keeps checking the temperature. But I I'm in too deep. I can't leave until we see this. >> Okay. What is it called? >> I'm trying to get Make sure I'm not impeding people. She had to mix in more chocolate chips. That mean she's got to stir it a bunch more. I am not leaving until I see this. Sorry, guys. We're in We're in it to win it. They just keep adding more chocolate chips and melting it down. Adding more chocolate chips. Melting it down. Adding more chocolate chips. Melting it down. But we're going to get there. We're going to get there, guys. Currently, they're making these little Mickey balloon marshmallow pop. You see, she's working on it right there. Mickey balloon marshmallow pop. But we're interested in that ticker tail. Something's happening. They're moving the ticker tails. This is This is it. Let's see what happens. Oh, they're just talking. Anticipation. It's building. It's swelling. We know this is going to be amazing. Tick or t. Oh no. Uh-oh. She set it down. Maybe we're not doing this. No, we have to go. Fortitude. Continuing on. She's turning them all upside down. She's getting ready. It's >> happening. It's happening. I got to get her. I'm going to get around the corner so you can see better. >> All right, guys. It's happening. >> This is what we've been waiting for. True artist. >> She did one and I wasn't able to get it all and then she stopped. I feel like this is like the anticipation is just building. Okay, we'll see. They're just waiting to see like maybe they're not going to do it. Maybe they're like that's all we need is one tick or tail for the entire day. That's all we're going to do, guys. No more stop halt production. And everybody's like oh uhoh. Something's happening. This is it. This is what we wait for. Our artist moment. >> Oh. We got the ticker tail. >> Oh, she's an artist. Michelangelo. All of it. It's near perfection, guys. Oh my gosh. What is this? Perfection. Easy. Amazing. Probably >> you had to go through school for like 15 to 20 years. This is insane. Just fast. It's amazing. Look at this. Pure. >> This is insane. The best of the best, guys. Not a lot of people can do this. >> Let's get one. It was worth it. It's worth it, >> you guys. We just got this tiger towel. Worth it. All right. Got a little seat here. >> Let's sit down. Tiger tail. Tiger tail. It's my favorite. It's very sweet. It's orangey, caramel, chocolate, dark chocolate. All of it. This is the year I might fail. I don't care. I have a tiger tail. Oh. Four marshmallows. Four. No speaker. Also, whenever there's like a bunch of clump of like bushes together like that, like this little area here, there's a good chance that there's a speaker behind that. All right, I'm in New Orleans Square. I need to take you into this amazing shop here cuz they have a really cool hidden speaker. Odora's Chic Boutique. Here we go. This has a fantastic Oh, there's Tiana. Want to interrupt her right now, but she's right in front of the speaker. All right. So, this is amazing. So, right back here, there's some needle point. There's a speaker behind that needle point. And sometimes you hear like um Tiana's mom talking. That's a speaker hidden by needle point. It's fantastic. All right. So, I'm going to show you this next set of speakers. These aren't really well hidden. They're hidden. But I love these speakers because they do what they're supposed to do so well. They make the experience absolutely amazing. These speakers are located in Frontier Land. They're not something they you never even really see them or even notice them there. But boy, they just make what you're doing so fun. Let me show you. We're walking this way through Fantasy Land and we turn to the go down here and turn to the right which end us take us into Frontier Land. >> Can you believe this is the year actually Disneyland turned 71? We're celebrating the 70th anniversary until the end of August, but it technically turned 71 years old. Can you believe that? Now, if you want to come down and celebrate, it's super simple. You get all you have to do is uh click the link down below. You're going to get the lowest prices on your tickets to Disneyland or Walt Disney World. Um or if you want to go uh or you can call 1855 Getaway. 1855 Getaway. When they answer the phone, say, "Hey, Park has sent me." then you're guaranteed to get the lowest prices on tickets and hotels. And if there's any special hotel deals going on, they'll tell you over the phone. They're like, "Hey, there's a secret menu. There's like this this hotel is offering a free night." By clicking the link, you'll also find out. It'll it'll highlight hotels that have free nights. Save yourself the money. That's what I do. So, it's awesome. Okay, let's uh keep walking down here. All right, we're going to continue this way. We're going to walk I want to walk along the least traveled path in all of Disneyland. This this path is uh I remember I went on a tour one time with uh some people uh custodians, the staff of custodial. They're taking my tour. I was doing a video on the top five bathrooms of Disneyland. And they literally met with me and showed me all these things. They're telling me cool facts anyways. And they we they walked right here and they're like, "This is the least traveled path in all of Disneyland." And uh they don't really know what to do with it. I say do nothing. Love it. They did used to have right here at the ent right here and right here they had benches, but they took them out. So people I guess they didn't want people sitting because you know let's not do that. Okay, let's continue on. >> All right, I'm taking you to the shooting exposition. There are some speakers here. Now these speakers aren't really that well hidden. Well, they kind of are, but they make the shooting so good. All right, let me show you. Here is all the different guns. But if you look up, there is a speaker above each single gun. There's a speaker for that gun. There's a speaker for that one. And when you put your when you put your uh money in and start shooting, they will what happens is those speakers will then accentuate the sound of your rifle. And it is so impressive. All right, got some change. I'm always the worst luck at this with these machines trying to get them to work. Here we go. Quarters 50 cents to shoot it. Let's get a good guy. Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to load it for the first little part. I'm going to have the camera angle. >> All right. So, you're looking at speaker. I'm pulling I'm pulling the gun up. Shoot. Listen. All right. Watch that little archway. That little archway. The trail will go on. I'll shoot it. I'll shoot the train. Here they come. There you go. All right. If you watch all the way to the very back of the very back. So, red dot all the way to the very back. There's one off. Once it comes on, I'll shoot it. Maybe we'll go back. There it is. Ready? These speakers are so good. They might not really be hidden speakers, but man, they make this so fun. They do exactly what you're supposed to do. The ambiance is insane. Speakers. Speakers. All right, guys. I got to find a little spot where I can sit down and talk to you. I want to say thank you so much for watching. If you haven't, you know what you can do right now? Hit the like button. Did you do it? Wait a minute. Did you really do it? Okay, it's free. And if you haven't, you can also subscribe. Did you know you can subscribe to the channel for free? You can. We got lots of fun content coming out this year. It's going to be our best year. It's going to be my best year. I'm making that decision. I'm not afraid of failing this year. I'm going to try all kinds of new things. And if it fails, so what? If people laugh at me, so what? It doesn't work out. So what? I'm just going to try my best to have the best year. So this is the year. And it's going to be your best year, too. I've got to find a little spot, though. Little There's a little spot spot where you can chitchat duckies. A little right here. I think I can sit right on that. Hey, I just want to take a quick moment to talk to you. And I am only talking to you right now. I want you to know how awesome you are. You matter. You make the world a better place. You are unique and you are special. And if you are struggling, I promise you it's going to get better. Just hang in there. You are awesome and you matter. Don't forget that. You make the world a better place. I'm proud to know you. All right. All right, guys. Well, that's going to conclude this video. Hidden speakers and we're going to head on out for the day. Want you to know how amazing you are. You're wonderful. And if you want to, we have our Instagram. You follow us on Provos Park Pass on Instagram. And for our Patreon members, we give uh back behind the scenes stories on Instagram just for our Patreon members. And also we do videos every week for our Patreon members. If you want to see those videos, you can become a Patreon member. Click the link down below and for little as $3 a month, you'll get those extra videos. My wife Amanda, she does a video every single week. And uh just for our Patreon members, can never have too much Amanda in your life. Hope you guys enjoy this. We're walking on Main Street. It's been fun to have you here with me today. 2026 is going to be your best year. >> This is a great time of day, isn't it? The lights are on, but it's not like too dark yet. You still see what's going on. How many times have you guys been walking down this thing and you got your twisted an ankle all the time. All the time. And also I love it to watch like parents who when they're pushing strollers, it just always makes me smile cuz I've done it too. They're pushing their stroller, their wheel gets stuck in there. They're like they're like try around and get the get the little stroller unstuck from the train track. >> Yeah. Okay, here we go. Just kind of enjoying it. I love all the attention to detail that Disney does. >> It's fun. If you could go to any Disney park around the world, like if somebody's like, "Hey, where do you go?" Which one would you choose and why? Of course, you immediately might be thinking Tokyo or Shanghai or Disney Paris, but or maybe you might be sitting there thinking, I just would like to be in Disneyland. >> Thank you for watching. All right, I'll see you in the next video. Bye, everybody. Hidden speakers in Disneyland. But then we stopped to get a tiger tail. And guess what, guys? We got to see how the tiger tail was made. It was awesome. If you have any other suggestions for videos, put down in the comments down below and I'll try to get to them. And I just want to say a special thank you to our patronons. You truly are the best and we couldn't do these videos without your support. If you want to become a patron, click the link down below and join this amazing community. All right guys, I'll see you in the next video.
