---
video_id: YLImim-MAU4
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "*WARNING* Do Not Watch If You Like Food. I Try To Food Vlog And It Goes Sideways"
published: 2026-02-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLImim-MAU4
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris. You're watching Park Pass. Today I'm at Disney Coffer Adventure. I'm taking you with me to get some of the new food offerings they have here at the Lunar New Year's. And one of the things I'm trying to do this year is trying to have no fear, make mistakes, and just go big. And one of the things I do not like doing is eating on camera. Cannot stand it. But today's video, we're going to eat on camera. We're going to try some food and we're just going to enjoy it and kind of have a little chitchat and talk. And I'm going to take you with me. Let's do it. Here we are at Disney California Adventure. For those of you who are most on the east coast or have only visited uh Florida, like Magic Kingdom, Disney California Adventure is just right across the Esplanade to Disneyland. It's so close. It's so easy to get there. It's like you could throw a Frisbee and hit it. If you're really good at baseball, you could probably throw a baseball and hit it. That's how that's how close it is. Anyways, we're here at Disney California Adventure and it is a celebration of the Lunar New Year, Year of the Horse 2026. So, one of the things we have to get is long noodles. Long noodles means you're going to get a lot of good luck and also longevity. Those are actually my favorite things to eat. They're called udon noodles. It's my favorite thing. They're thicker noodles. They're long and they have those Oh, but wait. Wait, there's a new offering I heard about. I got to go find it. It's a Mickey waffle down here at Schmoozies. So, let's go down and get that and get a little drink and then we'll head down from there down and start eating a bunch of food at the um Lunar New Year Festival. That's the plan, Stan. Here we are at Disney California Adventure. Let's go down here to Schmoozies. Eat some of these. They're red and Mickey waffles. And I think they have apple butter or apple cinnamon inside. And they're supposed to be very good. And so we're going to go right here. I'm just going to get out of this person's picture. I don't want to be in their photo. And uh when I said I don't want to be in photo, I don't want to ruin their photo by walking through it. That's what I mean. Okay. So, we're going to go down here. Shoozies. Try out this new waffle. and then get a little refreshing drink that they have here. And then from there, we're going to head down to the actual Lunar New Year Festival. I think this waffle though is part of the Lunar New Year Festival, even though it's not in the area where they're celebrating it. Year of the horse. >> I'm going have to find out all the years the year of the horse. If you're a year of the horse, put it down below. Let me know. Say clipclop. If you're a If you're a horse, say clipclops. So I can see all the horses in the group. >> Here we are. There we go. There's the waffles. It kind of has sun on it there. It's hard to see, but they're called the the Hot inspired Mickey shaped waffles. Red batter waffles with brown sugar and cinnamon custard, yellow whipped topping, and sprinkles. And they have iced honey matcha tea. There we go. All right, let's see here. There's my drink. >> Yes. Thank you so much. That looks good. Thank you. >> Have a good night. >> I was carrying it over and I accidentally spilled the little custard on my tie. >> So, I always carry with me a tide pin and I took it out of the hotel. All right, look at these bad boys. There's a yellow cream custard. You can look. You can see they're like oozing out. This is the the honey iced matcha tea. So, there we go. Oh, boy. First sip of tea. I like it. I don't love it. It's matcha tea. If you like munch, you probably like it. I've never been a big fan of it. And I have I also have like forks to eat this, but I feel like I'm just going to I'm just going to eat it. I'm just going to grab it. Bite right in the ear. Oh, this is why I don't eat on camera. This is my nightmare. It's drippy. >> Oh my gosh. >> Oh my gosh. It just shot out. You saw that there. You kind of see the interior of it. Okay. It It's I'm sorry. No fear. Don't be afraid. Right. >> Okay. That butter, the cinnamon apple butter. It's perfect. It's warm. It's good. It's sweet. It's got cinnamon in it. >> Fantastic. >> I don't know. So, I'm going to try to I'm not sure what I'm doing. I'm trying to take the ear off so you bite the center. Oh, >> this is the best part. Whatever that is. I hate this, >> but it's really good. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's enough of that. I give that Mickey waffle. >> That's a perfect that that you want that. This matcha, it's got uh what's it? Honey cones. They have better drinks than this. This is okay. If you love matcha, you probably love this. If you don't, then I skip it. But they do put a lot of cereal on the top of it. >> I'm not sure. I'm not sure why, but they also have um syrup to put on your waffle. You do not need it. I wouldn't even grab this. I don't know why I grabbed it. They had it out front. I was like, I'll probably need that. No, you don't need it. I wouldn't even grab this. Unless you're like a syrup holic. You love it so much. That's your favorite thing. No reason for this. This is This is Get totally super. All right, let's go throw this food away right here. Garbage. And then once we get the garbage thrown away, let's go down and get some long noodles. Actually, Hi, how are you? >> Sir, how are you? >> I'm trying to throw this away without spilling. Oh, great. Just got over my hand. They're having Zootopia right over here. And I want to go over to do that, but I've got this situation. I got my Thai situation. I've got to go. >> Let's get this. This is why I am not a food critic right there. Also, I mostly wear blue ties or blue green ties or but this is one of the few ties I have that's like a red tie and now I ruined it. Because of that, you have to like the video. >> All right. I got my hands all washed. I also got my tie. I don't know if you can see that in the camera, but it's a big wet spot. So, got that. Try to get that cleaned off. We'll see. Now, let's head to the other parts of Lunar New Year. So, that that food offering is for Lunar New Year, but there's there's some um I think better offerings. Well, let me explain that again. That Mickey waffle was fantastic. That's perfect. But uh we'll see what I want to get some good noodles. Let's find another fun drink to drink. You know, usual standard. Back to Cart Circle and then turn down. And I'm just going to I don't really have a particular agenda of what we're going to eat today. I just know I do want udon noodles. That's the number one. Uh and I'm just going to kind of walk around until I think that's towards the end of all the little food shacks out there. I think that's toward the end. So, uh, the noodles might be the last thing we get, but let's see if we see any little sweet treats or something else we want to get and we'll do that. There's Goofy interacting with family. I love it when they do that. Oh, there's Minnie. Minnie is so good. Goofy. I think I think that they are awesome that they do that. They bring a lot of magic to people. We're going to walk right down here right past Carte Circle. You can maybe hear the little music in the background. They got the little fountain there, drum set set up there for that's for the five and dime when they play. I head down this way. There's some security guards back there. I love going up to security guards and always like just talking, dropping a little joke for them. They always just look at me so stern and they then they crack a little bit of a smile. They're always like, "Chris." All right, guys. Here we are. This is the Lunar New Year. Y year the horse. We're going to go in here. And I'm just going to kind of I guess you can buy passes. I don't know if I'm going to buy enough passes, eat enough food to buy passes. Let's just go this way here and just see. Lucky eight lantern. I want noodles. I had a friend who was here and he was from Florida and he was like, "This is crazy. This all stuff." I'm like, "It's like the food and wine festival that you have." He's like, "Oh, that makes sense." Faux dip, chocolate firecracker, red envelope margarita, ula melon cocktail, and lunar new year stip. I don't think there's anything there that is peing my interest. Anyways, he was like, "Yeah, this is crazy." He's like, "You guys have all this all the year?" I'm like, "No, this is for Lunar New Year." He's like, "Oh." He goes, "It's amazing." I'm like, "Yeah, it really is." Disney California Adventure is just a special little treat for us. So, it's a year of the horse. They got horse the horse. >> We're going to go down here. >> Oh, I could maybe go for a bow. Is that what this is? Wrapped with love. Let's see what we got here. >> Let's see. They queso egg roll cold brew. Cold brew cocktail. >> I have I'll ask I'll ask and see what people think of it. All right. So, everybody was saying that what you want to get there, excuse me, is the tarot Vietnamese coffee. It's got the purple taro across the top. That's what I was getting. Uh, but the egg roll hit or miss, I guess. So, let's continue on. This is just one of those little offshoot carts. It's the traditional candied fruit. They have strawberry, mandarin, and grape skewers. They're out of the candied strawberries. They're covered in like a sugar. Um, but they they have the grapes and the oranges. My wife would be all over the grapes, but I felt like the oranges looks really good. They're out of strawberries. Okay, I've got to find a little place I can sit down, eat these cuz I kid, there's no way I'm not talented enough to eat, walk, talk, and videotape at the same time. That would be it. Who knows what happens? Somebody would get hurt. >> So, let's not do that. All right. I So, first place I ever had these Oh, shoot. One thing I hate, guys, I'm going to be honest with you, is sticky fingers. It's like my bane of my existence. I just reached in and it is sticky. First place I ever had this was in Japan um down by Universal Studios. I shouldn't even say that this video, right? Okay. I'm trying to get them out of this little tray. Hang on. I am Oh, I'm struggling. Can I pull the stick out? It's stuck. Okay, hang on there. Oh my gosh. Why am I doing Okay. Oh. What is this? >> I'm never doing this again. I am so sorry. For those of you at home, I apologize. Okay. It's glazed with sugar. See that? Crunchy. Crunchy sugar. Sugar's getting stuck in my teeth. It's really good. I am dripping everywhere though. My fingers are super sticky. I do like the little oranges though. Orange. You're great. Sorry, I got stuff stuck in my teeth. My hands are dripping everywhere. My This is a disaster. I'm moderately to mildly embarrassed. I have to go find the bathroom right now to wash my hands. I have stuff stuck in my lips. It's in my teeth. It's everywhere. We're done. Now we're talking. Oh, I can't even. My hands are just covered. I've got to go. This is be the only time if somebody tried to stop me to get a photo, I'd have to tell them. I might have to hold on one second. My hands are so sticky. I'm barely holding on the camera with my other hand. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. This is crazy. Okay. Okay. I thought the universe would be like, cuz this is my biggest fear is eating on camera. And I thought the universe be like, "Oh, you're trying to do something new, Chris. We'll reward you with a pleasant experience." need to know. It's like literally it's like I don't think I'm ever going to do another video like this ever again. I got stuff stuck in my teeth. Like my hands are sticky. My hand is actually stained yellow from that one thingy. My tie is ruined. This is a disaster. A disaster. All right. I hope that my pain is somewhat entertaining cuz this is crazy. All right. We're headed right into the sun. I can't even see anything here. >> Cheesecake. >> Oh, they got some cheesecake. >> I'm not going to eat cheesecake. I'm going to >> keep going here. Find the next one here. Okay, the next one. >> I was all super happy. I'm like, we're going to try something new. And I'm just like, this is just going downhill so fast. Bamboo blessings. What do they have here? >> Five spice popcorn chicken. Strawberry milk tea macaroon, brown sugar milk tea, guava dragon fruit sparkler, and guava dragon fruit vodka cocktail. I can maybe I wonder how spicy it is. All right. I am literally in shock. So, I ordered what I thought I was ordering. I asked the lady. I'm like, "Oh, the spicy. Is it spicy?" And she's like, "Oh, yeah. Yeah." And then, so I ordered what I thought I was ordering was the popcorn spicy chicken. Cuz the popcorn spicy chicken is made with like cinnamon and nutmeg. It's got five spices, but it's actually more sweet. But when I ordered, I panicked and I said I wanted the spicy wings, I guess. And I didn't even know that they had that. And so now I got spicy wings. >> Spicy wings there. >> Am I in the wrong place to get them? >> Spicy wings. >> I'm in the wrong place. Okay, I got to go. I am the worst at this. I'm in the wrong line. I ordered spicy wings apparently. And I'm in the wrong place, but I have to get my drink here. I'm This is insane. So I thought I was ordering the five spice popcorn, but I didn't. I apparently ordered spicy wings. I said I want the spicy. I said I want the spicy and I thought I was getting that and they thought I meant the spicy wings. I'm in the wrong shop. I don't know what I'm doing. Okay. All right. So, I got the brown sugar milk tea. Now I have to go to the other place cuz I accidentally ordered the spicy wings and I didn't want those. I wanted the five popcorn wings. Apparently, that's what I ordered. Unbeknownst to me, >> to do an artistic shot. All right. So, I ordered the spicy wicked chicken wings on accident when I meant to order those spicy popcorn. I don't even know. But this is the Korean spicy chicken wings. Okay. >> This is why you need two people. Uhoh. You need you need um you need somebody to videotape you. And while you're you can't Oh my gosh, that's hot. You need a you need somebody to videotape you cuz I'm trying to find a table. >> I'm trying to find a table and I couldn't find I'm carrying food and a camera and it's so difficult. This tastes really good and it is hot. Okay. really really really hot and I'm Oh boy. Hey, it's hot. Um I love the taste. My nose is running. I love the I love the taste. But it's really >> It's Korean barbecue. If you like Korean food, which I do, >> Korean might be my favorite food next to Italian, >> but I don't usually get this hot, but it tastes really good. I'm sorry, my nose is running. >> Oh, okay. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. This is the dumbest thing to ever eat on camera. You can see my teeth. My lips are on fire. My fingers are This is dumb. I'm not enjoying this video. Okay. Oh, little chicken leg. Would I get this again? Uh-huh. Oh my gosh. Got a little spicy. I would. >> Oh, my wife. >> My wife loves spicy. This might be a little bit too much. This might be >> It's a little too much. I can't. I'm done. I'm so sorry. I cannot keep doing this. >> I got to go find another bathroom immediately. My mouth's on fire. I couldn't grab napkins. I'm walking by myself. I'm carrying food and drink in one hand, a camera, and I wasn't able to grab a napkin. I saw this table. It's the only table I could find. I ran and got it. I got food in my teeth. >> Drink's good. I give it a seven. I can't even turn the camera off. This is idiotic. I can't turn the camera if I hold it. I'm going to drop. I'm barely can hold on. I'm got one finger holding camera. >> My mouth is on fire. My nose is running. My lips are purple. Everything you don't want to do on camera. I'm basically My upper lip is sweating like crazy right now. Oh man, my lips are burning. Oh, lips are on fire. >> I got to get I got to get the bathroom. I got to wash my face. I got to wash my hands. >> My My upper lip is sweating >> and it's and I'm burning. >> I might have to I'm going to come back when I recose myself. This is not This is not good entertainment. I got I can't even get this. It's like in my thumbnail like the sauce is stuck. I've been washing my hands. I got yellow stains. My tie is stained. I got food in my lips. No, I mean my teeth. And I normally I sometimes I usually have like a little toothbrush I carry with me cuz I brush my teeth. I don't know why. But today I took all of that out of my backpack. I'm like I don't need any of this. And I don't have my Tide pen. My lips are literally two little embers of coal burning. We're going to end with those long noodles. Oh my gosh. Okay. Provos Park Pass Food Channel. Never. That's never going to happen. Oh my gosh. My I get to see my fingers. I got a little sauce on my thumb. I I tried washing with soap repetitively. All right. What do we got here? We had to make good decisions from now on, guys. All right. Hang on. We've got charu barbecue pork bow. I do like bao. Kungpow bao vegetarian. >> Oh, scallions. So, >> I'm not going to get that. >> I'm not a big fan of onions. I don't mind to taste onions, but if I ever eat onion, that's for the next like 3 days, that's all I can taste is onions. And then I'm hyper allergic to clams, mollisks, um, oysters, and also scal uh what are they called? Scallions. Scallops. And so I always get nervous when I see it says scallions, which I think is a type of onion, but then I'm like, wait, is that am I getting that wrong? Am I allergic to that? Am I going to die if I eat that? I'm like like I'm like hyper allergic to it. So I I know. And I'm like a little bit flustered right now because I got guck in my teeth. >> Or the longevity noodle. Okay, this is what this is the whole reason I wanted to do this today is I just wanted to get a nice little bowl of noodles. What do we have here? Garlic noodles, long noodle sauce, and zesty garlic butter with parmesan. Japanese noodles with kali short rib. Oo, both of those sound amazing. They're not udon noodles, though. That almost looks like spaghetti. I want udon. I like glass noodles. I'm going to order the chop jay noodles. That's the glass noodles. Um because the other ones look just like kind of almost spaghett. They don't look like udon. Udon is that thick long noodles. That's what I was really hoping for. I don't want pasta noodles. My uh lips are on fire. So, I ordered a bottle of water. And then I asked them, I'm like, "The garlic noodles, the long noodles in zesty garlic sauce." They're like, "Yeah, it's like it's like pasta. It's not udon." And I was like, "Well, I don't want that." So, I'm going to get the chop jay noodles um with Kalby short ribs. So, we'll do that. KBI is great. KBI's Chopped Jay noodles. That's That's Korean noodles, which I absolutely love. >> There you go. And then one second for the water. >> All right. Thank you. There they are. Little bowl. This is why you need some hand water. I don't know how to carry that. All right. So, let's There's no table set. I'm going to probably eat over a garbage can. Do that. Trying to find a table. I'm disappointed. The whole reason I wanted the longevity noodles is I wanted udon noodles are my favorite. They're thick almost like little ropel like noodles. They're so good. And um that's not what they had. So, I feel like on a scale from 1 to 10, I'm going to give this video a two. A solid two. I'm going to give it an eight as far as effort goes, but as far as content, this we're hitting rock bottom, guys. Rock bottom. Going down this way to try to find I know there are tables down here. Maybe we'll go in the little pavilion and uh find a table. so I can eat my Kalby noodles. Here we go. Okay, perfect. Found a little spot. There we go. I I was thinking about Let's How do I do this? I was thinking about just having that camera down lower so you can see my face. I'll be if you never had it. It's a thinly sliced rib and it's fantastic. such good meat. And they season it with the little sesame seeds. Um, and they leave a lot of the fat on it when they cook it. They cook it in the fat. And so when you eat it, it's very I don't know, it's got a lot of good flavors to it. So here's the I'm dropping all my meat. There's that glass noodles ch noodles. These glass noodles, they're they're good. They just kind of taste like whatever you season them. >> In this case, it's sesame seeds and Dang it. >> Oh, little mushroom. >> Um, do I like this? I do. I think I like the hot wings better than this. Those tasted so good. I don't know if I'd ever get them again cuz my lips like right now still are on fire. But I just So when you're recording a video, >> you can look at the camera or you look at the screen. I try never to look at the screen. I always look down the barrel of the camera camera. At least I try to. That last little bit when I took a bite, I looked at the screen. I saw myself eating and I got disgusted. Oh, dang it. >> I'm just trying to try and keep this to get this done. I hope you've at least laughed with me or at me or with me or just laughed a little bit. >> I got I feel all these things stuck on my teeth. >> I do like I love noodles, but what's interesting is I don't like spaghetti. I don't know why. I love Italian food, but I'm not going to eat spaghetti. Spaghetti is kind of like is very I don't know. I don't like it. But other Italian food is like the best in the world, except for Asian noodles are the very best. It's very satisfying. I I just like to have them. I like to eat them. I like to relax while I'm eating them. Um they're amazing. Oops. So, ramen's good. I love to crack an egg into my ramen when I'm making it at home. Um, and I also like to make homemade oudan noodles at home. It's just really It's really fun to eat. Well, >> I had like my mind's eye. I had this whole video planned out my mind, right? Oh my gosh. >> In my mind's eye, cuz I knew they had that little stand there called long longevity the noodles. I thought I didn't look it up, of course. I thought they'd serve udon noodles. And in my mind, when I was planning to do this video, I'm like, you know what? We're going to go get a couple of treats. It'll be fun. We're going to end eating udon. And I pictured myself getting a cool shot where like I have like a big long noodle and I'm like eating it and it look like looks super artistic. No, this has been a disaster. like like everything go wrong. Basically go wrong. I ordered the wrong food. My lips burned off. I spilled. Everything's wrong. They didn't have the noodles I wanted. Not their fault. My fault. But the food is Something almost just dropped out of my mouth right there. I'm I'm not having a good time today, guys. The food is excellent. Mickey waffles. I give a 10. I give it a 10. Oh my gosh, food just I said in the other video, have no fear. Be don't be afraid to take a risk. Do things that make you feel uncomfortable in 2026. I'm like, I got to put my money where I want this. I would do a food video. Maybe we should not dig risk this. Scared. Anyways, what I was trying to say was the Mickey waffles is fantastic. Those Korean barbecue wings are spicy. Tasted so good, but they are spicy. This chop J is amazing. I give those spicy wings a waffles is a 10. The spicy wings is probably a nine. This I'm going to give a seven. It's not bad. It's better than most. But, uh, the wings are better, but I didn't order the right thing. I wanted the popcorn cinnamon treat. I didn't get that, so I tried that yet. >> Maybe I'll show that in the next video. No, that's not happening. All right. >> Getting all the mushrooms. I'm embarrassed for me. I'm having secondhand embarrassment for myself. All right. Well, >> subscribe. I got to clean up my table. You want to know why? >> Because I'm so nervous that I'm eating like crazy and food's falling everywhere. >> I'm just thinking about how I'm going to go home and edit this video. I'm g have to watch all this. I'm going to like freak out. >> Oh my gosh. But we're friends, right? We're You're laughing with me, not at me. At me is fine. I literally have just been sitting here like the last 20 minutes thinking, "What have I just filmed?" You notice it's gotten darker and oh my gosh, what have I done? Well, I think there's really only one way to appropriately end this video after eating all that food. That's right. A spinning ride on the Golden Zephyr. That's much all the negativity away. This might have been a mistake. rail now until your rocket vehicle stop the Golden. >> I thought that was funny. >> Welcome to the Golden Zephr. All I was like, "Uh oh, I might I might get a little gummy tummy." >> In 2026, we are in a year of no fear. We're going to take a risk and do things that might be dumb, like today's video. But that doesn't mean we shouldn't try. We should always try to do new experiences and new I feel a little sick. I should try new experiences. Oh my gosh. >> I don't know. I feel like I'm a not toot my horn, but I feel like I'm a fairly intelligent person, but sometimes I make really dumb choices. All right, let's try to find a place I can sit down and talk to you. Uh, we'll try to settle this gummy tummy. Let's get some Pepto-Bismol going. All right, guys. I found a little spot right here where we can talk. I'm talking to just you right now. Just you. I need you to know and I want you to believe that you matter because you do. You are somebody's entire world. You make the world a better place. You are unique. You are special. And you are awesome. And if you're feeling underappreciated right now or you're feeling sadness or you're going through grief or maybe you're struggling with depression or a relationship, >> it will get better. It doesn't happen super fast, which I wish it would, but it will gets better. You make the world better. And I appreciate you. And I am talking to just you. I hope you know how amazing you are. You're very, very unique. All right, guys. That's the end of the video. Could you hit the like button for this one? If you don't, I don't blame you. This has been a very bad video. You could also subscribe, but if you don't, again, I wouldn't blame you. But I would like to say this though, not all videos are this bad. I promise I do better videos. And um but uh you can hit the subscribe button. Come along for the journey cuz this year I'm literally going to be doing all the things, trying everything. I'm going to have no fear. I'm trying to live my life to the fullest this year. And so I would like you to join me. If you want to hit that subscribe button, I got some really exciting news from Dizamp Paris uh just a couple days ago. I'll be announcing that in a few days if you want to follow along on our Instagram, Provos Parks Pass. You can hear about that. And also our Patreon, we have a Patreon group. If you don't know what that is, if you feel like that feel like these videos are worthwhile, not this video, but our other ones, >> you can click the link down below. Oh my gosh, my stomach. You can click the link down below and you will um be part of an amazing community for as little as $3 a month. You get extra videos uh from my wife Amanda, certain tiers, get extra Instagram stories. Sorry, I'm burping because I went on the twirly ride. >> I'm moderately embarrassed. Anywh who, if you want to be part of that Patreon, you also see the names of end cards and we love our Patreon community and we get to know them very well. So, if you want to be part of that, we'd love to have you join you. Join it and come on in. Water's fine. I'll see you in the next video. >> I can almost guarantee it's going to be better than this one. No promises, but I'm This bar has been set pretty darn low. >> All right, guys. I'll talk to you later. Have a fantastic night. Let us never do that again. It was a food block disaster. They were spicy but good, but they were also spicy. Hey, to our patronons, thank you so much. We really appreciate you and we couldn't do these videos. And if you want to become a patron, click the link down below. You will not regret it. You can get extra videos, cool you uh Instagram stories, all kinds of things just for our Patreon community. And we appreciate you so so much. You are amazing.
