---
video_id: 5j0P221rBtg
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Disney Sold Out In 50 Minutes!!!!!"
published: 2026-02-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5j0P221rBtg
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris. You're watching Park Pass and Disney just released a brand new experience and it's sold out in 50 minutes. That's right, 50 minutes. This is completely crazy. And I had a whole another video that was supposed to come out today. Roger Rabbit from Roger Rabbit. Uh you know Jessica Rabbit. It's all about Jessica Rabbit on Roger Rabbit's cartoon spin that was going to come out today. But I I got to talk about what just happened here at Disney. And that video will come out on Monday. So Disney just had this opening up of this new Alice in Wonderland tea time. Now you might be thinking what is this? Because if you are on the west coast and mostly a Disneylander, you're not going to know much about this. Now if you're on the east coast, this is probably a big deal. Let's talk about what is going on. So there is a hotel down in in Walt Disney World called the Grand Fian Resort. It's a very upscale high-end re resort. It's a deluxe resort. Before the pandemic, they had a tea room. this t- room and people loved going in the t- room. Apparently, it was red. I never went to it. I didn't really know anything about it. When the pandemic happened, they shut down the t- room and they never reopened the t- room. Has not been reopened. They apparently have rethemed the tea room and it's now it's painted green and white and they're having a brand new experience called the Alice Wonderland tea time. This isn't crazy to me because I'll tell you why. When I was in Hong Kong Disney, my wife, my son, and I, we went to what's called Duffy and Friends Tea Time. And I'm going to be honest with you guys, that was probably one of my top five best Disney experiences I've ever been to. You got to take your uh Duffy and Friends, you get to sit down with them, they put little bibs on them, like like we have gelaton there, and everybody's there. And they actually got they get little chairs to put them in. You get to eat all these desserts. It was so much fun. I absolutely loved it. And I'm not just saying that. I mean, I loved it. Of all the Disney experiences I've ever had in my life, the Duffy and Friends tea time is in the top five, best five. It's not even at Hong Kong Disney. It's at their hotel, the uh the Wilderness Hotel. It is really fun. It sells out all the time. So, when I heard about Disney World having this Alice in Wonderland tea time, I was like, "This is insane." Can you think of a better character pairing? I mean like Alice and Wonderland and tea time. It just is a match made in heaven. It is awesome. So they they've rethemed this whole tea room for now with this Alice and Wonderland uh party. And tickets went on sale yesterday for it. And the tickets went on sale yesterday. It starts on March 19th is when it opens the official opening day. And they had tickets from March 19th through April 20th. A month's worth of tickets went out. All gone in less than an hour. At 50 minutes, all of spots have been taken. They're sold out. Completely gone. Uh from March 19th through April 20th, there's no more. Less than an hour. Now, I'm going to tell you what this tea time includes. I'm going to tell you how much it costs. And then we got to talk about would you do this or would you not do this and why? So, let's let's get into this. So, here's what it costs. It costs $79 per person per adult. Okay? $79 per adult. It is $49 per child ages three through nine. Now, what do you get with that particular cost? And remember, this isn't in Magic Kingdom or Epcot. It's at the Grand Fian Resort. So, you have to travel to that hotel to have this experience. This is what is expected. They have eight different teas are going to be served. Oh. Oh, wait for this. This is the best part. The cast members apparently have been trained in to be your tea guide. They are going to sit sit down with you and help you curate the perfect tea time experience with all these different flavors of tea. So, let me tell you what the different flavors of tea. Now, I have to read them because I'm not a I'm not like a a big tea person. Tea is not my cup of tea. >> I don't think this is the time for that type of humor. >> Okay, so let me go ahead and read these. There are eight different flavors of tea that you could get at the tea time. And I'm sure if you don't like tea and you want to just have a soda pop or something like that, not a problem. But here they are. There are here's they have um orery of Lady Gay London Strand Breakfast Nutty Chocolate Flavored awesome spicy chai exotic mango and ginger that's probably the one I think I would get lemongrass and peppermint red bush caramel velvet. That sounds pretty good. I like that. I like caramel. Black currant and lavender. Those are the eight different tea types that they have. Then they have a tower of treats that come out with you. So you're having your tea, pinkies out because we're classy. And they also have this little tower of treats that come out. These are the treats that are offered at this Alice in Wonderland tea time. Um, orange cranberry scone, curried chicken salad party, uh, playing card tart, footman's feast wonderland salmon crisp, tweedle d egg salad sandwich, um, California caterpillar cucumber roll, matcha madhatter sponge cake, tea party tart, vanilla tart, flamingo croquet, and this is I don't even know what this is. It says flamingo croquet and then it's spelled c h o u x. I don't even know what that is. Flamingo croquet. C h o u x. I don't even know how to pronounce that. Cua cua. I'm not sure. And they also have painting the rose. Now for children, there is a children's menu as well. the children's menu. They offer the king the queen of hearts cheese toasty, the fancival turkey wrap, sunflower seed butter and jelly bun, the cheshshire cat raspberry macaron, the chocolate brownie branch van uh and the vanilla white rabbit cupcake. Here's what's going on. And oh oh wait, wait. There's also an optional you could upgrade it for an additional $20. You can get a seasonal cheese platter selection. So, for an additional $21, this sold out so fast. I want to know why do you think this sold out so fast? Is it because we're just starved for something new at Disney or is this because this is such a high interest? It is projected that this is going to be the most difficult reservation to get at Walt Disney World, the Alice and Wonderland tea time. They say it's it's the demand for it is incredibly high. People are stoked and they're excited. Now, Disney only has opened up reservations through uh April 20th. As they get as the days are going, they'll start opening up more and more times. Would you go to this? I personally would. I would. And the reason I would is because my experience at the Hong Kong Disney, the Duffy and Friends tea time was so much fun that I I we talk about it a lot in our family. It's so much fun that I I I would I hope that this Alice in Wonderland equals that. If it does, this is going to be the best one of the best things that you could do. It's It's going to be so much fun. And I want to know like, do you guys like tea? Is this something you're interested in or not? I had to kind show you this. You see this little tea killer right here? So my wife, she is not a tea person at all. Coffee, yes, but tea, no. But then her friend Haley told her all about tea. And Haley says, "I like to have a little spot of tea every night before I go to bed." So my wife was like, "Really?" So she ended up, my wife ended up ordering some teapotss, trying it. And she, this is a third teapot. The first two she didn't like. This is her favorite teapot. This one right here. and she makes a little spot of tea, if you will, little cup of tea, uh, in the evenings when it's cold and it has a nice little pleasant when it's steaming and and she loves it. So now she loves tea. So my wife, when she heard about this Alice and Wonderland tea time, she is like all in. If you guys want to get this teapot, I'll put a link down below because this is her favorite teapot. It comes in all the different colors, just so you guys know. If you're interested in that, I don't know, but apparently it's a big deal. Stay teapot. So, I'm a little teapot, short and stout. Here is my handle. Here is my spout. I can't remember the rest of the song. All right. Anyways, so I want to know, here's what I want to know from you. I'm going to ask you two questions. I want you to answer them. Um, one, are you interested in attending the Alice and Wonderland tea time? Yes or no? That's a pretty simple question. But number two, I want your insight. Why is this so popular? Why do you think this sold out in less than an hour? I mean, this is a this you have to keep in mind. One, it's not even in the park. You have to travel to the to the the hotel to do this. Um, it is just a tea time. It's not even a full dinner. It's just like a little tea time type thing. Why did this sell out so fast? Is it because we're just starred for something new and whatever it is, we're going to take it or is this because it's the perfect character match? Alice of Wonderland and Tea Time. Is this something that I mean, why is this such an attractive offering for so many people? I'm intrigued. I want to go to it. I really do. Um, and so I hope to one day get a reservation to be able to go to this. I want to know what you why you guys think it's so popular. Why did it sell out so fast? I don't know. I I'm not exactly sure. I mean, there's just so many different reasons why it could possibly be popular. I think it's really cool though that the cast members are now tea guides or a tea sherpa or tea experts or whatever you you I mean like they're going to get in there and they're going to spill the tea. Get it. Get it. Get it. I don't know. Okay. I don't know. I just can't believe that Disney offered something in in a month's worth of reservations sold out in less than one hour. Insane. And it's it's kind of crazy to me. One of the other things that was kind of interesting though is you get on the app to make your reservation and Disney has changed this and I it doesn't surprise me that they do this. So you you go to make a reservation on the app and it actually directs you to a website and you have to make your reservation on the website for the Alice of Wonderland tea time. And a lot of people were saying, well, why are they doing that? Well, we all know why Disney's doing that is because the app crashes when it gets a ton of influx of people. The app ends up crash. You guys ever trying to get like, you know, like get a late night thing. You're trying to do reservations. Everybody's hitting it and then it crashes. I think Disney just is offloading that traffic to this website which can handle all the traffic and they expected a lot of traffic and boy howdy. They weren't wrong. They got all the traffic. Everybody's bought this experience and they're all excited about it. And I'm I'm curious. What do you guys think? All right guys, and I'll I'll link that video if you want to watch that video of my experience with with my son Miles and my wife Amanda at our Duffy and Friends tea time. I'll link it around here somewhere. You guys can watch that. It is one of my favorite experiences down at Hong Kong. And you guys can watch that video and uh let me know what you think about it. If it's anything like that, if that if the Alice and Wonderland experience is like that, this is just a no-brainer. It's something you really your family's going to love. It's expensive. I do something for his treat, birthdays or anniversary, something like that, but it is going to be awesome if it's like that. And I'm I'm hopeful, cautiously optimistic, if you will. All right, guys. I will see you next week on Monday. We're going to be talking about Jessica Rabbit. What has Disney done to Jessica Rabbit? Why did they do it? We're going to get into the whole history of this because it's insane. And you probably didn't even know they changed her whole backstory, but they did. And why did you do it, Disney? Why did you do it? We all love Jessica Rabbit. All right, guys. I'll see you next video. Hit Oh. Oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Hit the like button and hit the subscribe button. And this is my chance to um to talk to you real quickly. I am talking to just you right now. You are the most important person right now and I'm talking to just you. I want you to know how amazing you are. You are amazing. You make the world a better place. You are awesome. And if you're feeling underappreciated or you're feeling a little sad or maybe you're having some health issues or you're have grief in your life or you feel underappreciated or you just feel like things aren't going, it will get better. And the reason it's going to get better is because you are awesome. I appreciate you. I hope you know that. I hope you hear that enough. You are unique. You are special. And you make the world a better place. All right, guys. Uh I'll talk to you guys later. I'll put the link to that tea if you want to see get that. Put down below. Tell and if you do order it, let me know what color you order. I mean, they're all different colors. I Whatever. This is Amanda's favorite. And you guys could and then in the evenings, we all can have our little cup of tea. Pinkies out. All right, guys. I'll talk to you later. Hit the like and subscribe. We'll see you on Monday when we're talking about Jessica Rabbit. Just for fun, I might put some of the bloopers because you know see these videos that's like one take. You realize that the whole video was like one take but I always start off kind of rough and I'll put some of the bloopers here. Hello everybody. My name is Chris. Hello everybody. My name is Chris and you're watching Park Pass. Disney just had a brand new offering and it's sold out. Hello everybody. My name is Chris. You're watching Park Pass. I need to talk to you about this new thing that just happened. Oh, Disney offered Alice in Wonderland tea time. I tried to spill the tea for you about the tea time. It sold out in 50 minutes. 5 less than an hour. That's insane. That's crazy. It's amazing. Hey, Patreon, thank you so much. We couldn't do these videos. And if you want to become a member of our amazing Patreon community, click the link down below and join it. You will not regret it. See you on Monday.
