---
video_id: gNeUcY1-E70
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "THE BEST Restaurant At Magic Kingdom UNLESS You're A Vegetarian THEN DO NOT GO"
published: 2026-04-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNeUcY1-E70
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris. You are watching Park Pass. Today I am at Magic Kingdom here in Florida and we're going to go do something that I am so excited to do. We are going to go eat at the be our guest experience. We have reservations. I have not done this in over 6 years. In fact, when we did it 6 years ago, I had the breakfast and I heard that the dinner is the better experience. So, our friends, we I wanted this is the one thing I wanted to do on this vacation. And so, I told Amanda, she said, "What do you want to and we said, "Be our guest." So, Amanda called our friends up at Getaway Today and uh said, "Hey, can you help us make a reservation?" They made the reservation for us. So, we have a reservation here. In fact, they'll make the reservation for you, too. I'll tell you at the end of the video how they'll do that for you, too. But, let's go to be our guest. I'm really excited cuz Belle's my favorite. Oh, the castle looks great. It's the evening time. It's almost 8:00 at night. We have reservations at 8:30. The restaurant is located in Fantasy Land. And this is the be our guest experience located here at Magic Kingdom. I'm excited. This is something that um is kind of exclusive here. They have really cool dining options down here at um Walt Disney World. Of course, it's like a restaurant. You have to This isn't complimentary. have to pay for all the food and all that, but it's supposedly amazing. Most of the time, in order to get a reservation, you have to be 60 days out. At 60 days out, you start making a reservation for this restaurant, and it's kind of hard to get reservations, but there's cancellations, and you get put on like a wait list. Again, our friends at Getaway Today, uh, they know how to do it, and they were able to get us here. Look at the little light. The windows have lights on. Right in the center screen, the castle has lights on. I love it. I think it looks so good to the point where it's This makes me love this castle even more. Like, I've always liked this castle. I mean, that's exactly how I felt about it. I liked it, but now I'm like, this is beautiful. It's like absolutely stunning. Amanda wanted me to show these balloons. See these balloons here? They're kind of like the rainbow. The outside the the outside has like the rainbow on it, but it looks like it's just amazing. >> That's really cool. Translucent balloon. Everybody's in line cuz they all want to get a photo at the gorgeous castle now. Why not? >> This is the They're all lining up here for the nighttime show and the parade getting ready to go. Once that's going on, we're going to be in the Be Our Guest area. >> So, this is one of the ties they got at Disney Paris. It's given to me by my friend Jimmy. It's Donald Duck. It's a good looking tie. Now, if you've never come down to Florida, it's different than Disneyland. They're they're different beasts and they they're just a little bit different. They offer different types of fun though. I was intimidated the first time I came to Walt Disney World. I know a lot of people who go to Walt Disney World for the first time, they're like, "What? Why are you intimidated by it?" But it was just so different. At Disneyland, I was like, "How am I going to do all this?" Nothing to worry about. It's just so easy. Check out the castle. >> Wow. just recently repainted. Now we are going to currently the moat's not operational. You can see that uh that'll be fixed here I'm assuming soon. But we are going to go inside and through this castle into Fantasy Land. Like I was saying it was I was a little intimidated by Walt Disney World but once you've done it you're like why was I worried about it? It's just so welcoming and fun. you. >> Okay, we're turning this way and literally going in right through the castle >> right down into Fantasy Land. And they have these amazing murals, mosaic murals on the sides over here. There's Cinderella. >> There she is. And she's running away. This is Cinderella's castle. They find her with a shoe and then she's she's happily ever after. They literally just walk through and they close the castle and make us walk back out, turn around and then go around for this show. It's like we like we would have maybe like five steps ahead of that. We could have gotten right through. But now we're going to walk around. Okay, we walked around the castle and now we're headed to the Be Our Guest dining experience. I heard that Disney and cast members, not Disneyland, Walt Disney World cast members, they call it bog. Bogg, be our guest. We are headed to Bog. >> All right, this is the entrance to Be Our Guest. There's a little castle up there. And this is the be our guest restaurant. It requires a reservation. >> You get to walk across the moat here to the castle. This is exciting. Amanda's checking us in. >> We are checked in. We're a little bit early. Um, so we have wait just a little bit. But this is the entrance. Look, there's a little waterfall down here. Okay. So, that's the snow seven dwarfs mine train right straight ahead. And when the when the train comes down, it flashes, takes photography of them, like a little video. So it lights up. So you'll see this train come down to the mountain here. You'll see it. You'll see the camera. Here it comes. >> A princess. >> Have you checked in with my friends over here? So, please have a seat. Someone will be calling your name momentarily. >> Here we go. We're going in. We go. They said we go inside and wait till our name is called. Oh yeah. Oh, there's a dining hall. Oh my gosh. Do you see the dining hall? We're just trying to take it all in, show you everything. >> Yes. >> Have a little area here where you can wait. You can hear the knights are sleeping. >> This is the waiting room. Oh my gosh. There's Everyone's just waiting for the table to be called. Little special room. Purple. Oh, fireplace. party. >> Oh, the provos party. >> The provos party. >> Yes. >> The princess. >> First name on the reservation. >> Amanda. >> Very cool. Looks like two adults, one prince. >> Yes. >> Is it your first time dining with us? >> Yes. Well, >> welcome to the Peace Castle. Great. >> Thank you so much. Is this the pro party? >> Since this is your first time down with us here in the castle, there's a few things I'd like to point out. >> Okay. >> The royal reserve. Now, a tale as old as we enter to the grand ball which is follows the rumor battle the beast at the very first dance. >> Oh, fell in love. stands 10 ft tall. >> Oh my gosh. >> As you look outside the windows, you can see it's still continuously snowing. Look over on the curse. >> Now, we do have three rooms here in the castle for you to explore. We do ENCOURAGE YOU TO EXPLORE THEM. We just ask that you wait till after you finish your meal so the food doesn't get cold. >> Okay. The three rooms be the west beast with rose very dark light. There a rose under glass >> the grass the rose gallery. >> Look at the chandeliers in this gallery making showcase in the center of the room. A larger than life music box going bear on the beast in the middle of the rose gallery. >> The rose gallery. >> Here we are. >> Oh, here we are. >> Our spot right in the middle of the gallery. Very nice. >> You must have friends in hibiscus. >> Very nice. >> And for a prince man. >> Thank you so much, Peter. >> And surely will be your show tonight. They should be with you all the time. I do hope you have a wonderful meal. >> Thank you. Thank you so much. >> This is so fun. Look at all the paintings. We're in the rose room. kind of wanted to be in the grand ballroom, >> but we were there for breakfast. >> But we were there for breakfast. So, >> I actually wanted to be in the West Wing. >> Oh, you wanted to be in the West Wing. >> Yeah. >> Oh, >> I like this. >> This is fun. It is very >> pretty in here. So, I'm actually very pretty >> B. >> Okay. So, this is specialally cocktails, wine, and beer lists. Down here is the zero proof cocktail, signature non-alcoholic, appetizers, entre and enhancements, and then desserts. We'll tell you what we're going to order. It's a three course meal. So, this is a fixed menu. You get you get one appetizer, you get one entree, and you get a dessert. All the fountain drinks are included. Um, but if you want to order special drinks, those are not included. That's an additional cost. What we've been here, she says that the thing that they're really known for is the French onion soup is really popular. The fillet minyong is also very, very popular here as well. Oh, the beast just walked in. This the beast. I can't believe it. >> Big guy. >> Even like the feet and everything there is. >> Can you believe that, Amanda? >> This is incredible. This is incredible. That's really cool to be honest with you. I think that's awesome. I hope Belle walks through here. That's what I want to see is Belle. >> Yeah. I'm just going to do the recommendation. I never order French onion soup. They said that's really good. I'm going to try that. I'm going to do the flavor and I'm going to get the creme brulee tart. That's what I'm going to do. All right. So, Amanda wanted to kind of say this cuz she's a vegetarian. She says this is a little bit more of a difficult restaurant. There's only one option for vegetarian. It's eggplant. And she was saying that Disney always relies on eggplant. Oh, here we go. We got our food. They just brought some warm butter and a baguette for us. >> All right. It's piping hot. The butter is warm. It melts. There's our little brother. This baguette is so good. >> All right. So, Amanda was This is a difficult thing. There's only one option for vegetarians. >> A very expensive restaurant. >> It's a very expensive restaurant. So, she's like, Amanda's like, uh, for vegetarians, this might not be the best option. >> I agree. They do have a vegan option, but it's just eggplant. >> So, you have a vegan I don't know if you hear they do have a vegan option. >> I feel like Disney expects too much from eggplant and sometimes cauliflower. There's a there was a time at Disneyland where everything was just like cauliflower. It's a cauliflower burger, cauliflower tacos. And they were good, but I'm like, hey, we're expecting too much from cauliflower and eggplant. >> So, yeah. So, they they it's kind of hard. So when it's something like this happens, we look at it and we're like, "Wow, you're spending a lot of money to order like a plant >> eggplant, >> eggplant or a meal with meat, you know, you're not going to eat the meat, you're just getting the vegetables." Um, but if you're not if you're a vegetarian, I would say maybe skip this restaurant. If you're not a vegetarian, this is an excellent restaurant. That that baguette is so good that I'm literally wanting I'm trying not to eat the whole thing cuz I know that I'm going to fill up on bread, but that baguette is warm and the butter is good. It's awesome. It's funny though when the server came out and I was like, "Are these your vegetarian options?" And she's like, "Oh, we have lots." She said, "We have one entree. We have one >> appetizer >> and the dessert. You can get a vegan. >> You get a vegan dessert. And man's like, "Oh, oh, right. Right." That was It's kind of funny. But we have lots one of everything. >> If you like eggplant, you're going to be fine. >> Yeah. There you go. All right. I got the French onion soup, which is supposed to have tons of cheese on it. We'll find out. Ma's got a little iceberg salad. and Amanda. >> The um mixed salad. >> The mixed salad. All right, let's check out this bad boy. I don't normally order French onion soup, but >> look at that cheese. >> Oh my. >> You can smell it. Hang on. >> Is it really hot? You know what to remind, you know, if you've never really had it. >> It's like a French dip. You know, like a French dip sandwich with the sauce. How is it? >> Good. >> Really cheesy. >> What's that? >> Very cheesy. >> Yeah, >> it's excellent. I'm not going to lie. Uh, >> don't lie. >> That's too big of a bite. I can't do that. There's a lot of cheese on that. We're not sure but they had an announcement says stay seated but have your cameras ready. So we hear him say be our guest. They also are climbing the beast is back again. All right, there is the beast right there. Oh, look out. Oh my gosh. We're a little wave to Miles. How delightful is that? Look at the body. They did this for Amanda. They're like, you know, they're like, "Oh, you know what? We'll do like they did like pasta with some vegetables for her, which is nice. >> I'm very grateful." >> So, that's really nice. That's super nice that they did that. >> Very grateful. >> It's like kids mac and cheese, but they >> But like with vegetables, >> but with vegetables. >> M has got a little steak and fries. And I've got the filt minion. >> All right. So, this is really interesting. They came by and they told us that the chef back in the kitchen made homemade tomato sauce for Amanda. Like they cut up tomatoes to make this little sauce to do this. And I asked her like, "How does it taste?" And she's like, she says it >> very tasty. >> Very good. She loves it. >> I think this is going to let Izzy know maybe we do need a little more vegetarian options. >> Very good. >> This is very good. >> Wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait. M have to see. >> The cup is white chocolate. >> The cup is white chocolate. >> That's amazing. filled with gray stuff. >> You're going for it. >> This is like a little uh what does she say? >> Cupcake. >> Cupcake. >> Look what Amanda got. What is this bad boy, baby? >> The rose. Um, now I forgot. Moose, I think. >> Gray stuff. >> Moose with gray stuff. Yes. >> And then this is the creme brulee, but it's a orange creme brulee. Uh, it kind of looks like a little smiley face. tastes like. >> All right, break that. Break it. Break it. >> Wow. >> Would you look at that? >> Would you look at that? >> Look at that. >> Gray stuffed moose. >> Would you look at that? >> Would you look at that? >> It's delicious. >> Don't believe us? >> So, I asked like, "Well, does it does Belle ever come out?" They're like, "No, no, Belle's in the library always reading. She can't be disturbed because she read her books. It's just the beast. Just >> she's shy. >> She's shy. >> She's a little bookworm. Maybe she >> Oh, she's a little bookworm. Give you a souvenir. Look, the beast signed it. The beast. That's fun. It's like a giant toy box. What is that? Like a little music box. It's awesome. Okay, we're heading out. Once you get outside, I'll give you my complete debrief of this restaurant and what I think. >> Oh, I think we need to look at the West Wing. >> Oh, look at the West Wing. >> Oh, yes. They said you can. They said you can walk around. This is the great Oh, yeah. Look at the >> Miles. We're going to go look at the West Wing. Six years ago, we sat right there for breakfast. This is the West Wing. This is the forbidden wing. What's that? That's amazing. >> It's all tattered. >> Oh, look at there's a rose. Oh, >> look at the the portraits all ripped up on the wall. That's funny. >> I think the West Wing is the best wing. >> It's cool. >> I love the West Wing. I don't know. >> They're all They're all great in their own way. >> That's They told us that's a 10ft tall chandelier. >> Where's the naked babies? Oh, yeah. >> This is crazy fun. They gave us a little extra bag to take for for gave us a little baguette bread to take. How fun. >> I think I the best one. I like the West Wing. That looked I thought that was awesome. It's all shredded and like >> No, I actually felt like I like where we were at. >> Oh, you like where we at the most? I think so. >> Okay. All right. Here's my thoughts. This is This is a really fun restaurant. It's expensive. I think this is a restaurant you do for maybe like a anniversary or something maybe celebrating it. It's kind of expensive. $72 per person. That's hard for us to do that with Amanda being a vegetarian cuz you're like, "Wow, what are you really paying for?" Cuz you you can't just sit there. So, you end up ordering something. But they did kind of create that sweet meal for her. So, we really appreciate that they did that. But, you're like, if you are a vegetarian, I would say skip it. I would say skip that and not go. But if you're Thank you so much. If you're not a vegetarian, then I think it's worth it. And I love the atmosphere. I love the food. The food was fantastic. The fa file manang was amazing. The baguette was amazing. The French onion shoot was good. The dessert was really good. But like I said, if you're a vegetarian, I would definitely skip that because you're paying for a lot for not getting a lot. I don't know if that makes any sense. Oh, the vegetarians. You have to What can you do about them? >> I don't know. >> Because of all the vegetarians, we love them anyways. We love you >> and the veans. >> Technically, the menu options were vegan. So, you're good if you're a vegan. >> Oh, if you're a vegan, they they have some options there for you. >> You know, limited option. >> We love the vegetarians, babe. >> We love you. >> Vegans, too. >> And the vegans, too. We love all of you. We love everybody. >> I just would not pay that money for that. No, >> for that you're like h you're like >> Amanda's like what would you say like eggplant again every >> $72 $74 >> 72 >> I paid $72 for eggplant >> what are we doing >> they didn't even have I didn't >> No they end up doing that was kind of a cool thing >> that that that they were >> yeah accommodating >> accommodating I just I it is kind of Funny. It is. >> It is kind of funny. My man is like always whenever we go to Disney, whatever, she always says that. She's like, >> she's like, she goes, it's going to be cauliflower eggplant. I know it. >> She goes, they expect too much for those. >> Maybe we're expecting too much from those vegetables. >> All right. Okay. >> We have to talk. We're not done. We have more. Tomorrow we we are hotel hopping. We're going to show you that experience tomorrow. You might be like, what is hotel hopping? We are going to be going to Universal Studios. We love it down here. Univers Studios is amazing. But we're going to check into Universal Studios Hotel because you get all these cool benefits. So, and I'll explain you guys the benefits of hotel hopping in tomorrow's video, like how to do it, why you want to do it, and what are the benefits of doing this. Because we used to never do that, but then realiz we're leaving all these cool things on the table. Oh, look at the back of the castle here. Yeah, that looks amazing. So, yeah, you want you don't want to leave free benefits on the table when you could be getting fastpasses and and all these cool things if you just stay at different hotels. All right, guys. We are going to head out here. I do need to find a chance to talk to you. Just wanted just to tell you how amazing you are because you are. Tomorrow's we uh we're hotel hopping and heading over to Universal Studios Florida and it's amazing. They uh it's a lot of fun. >> Disney at night. Just just fun. I had a good interaction. Um today a family came up and said hi. And the mom says we I really like those messages you do at the end. She's like sometimes you're having a bad day and it just feels nice. And her little daughter, their daughter was there. She's like, "But why do you always stop? Why don't Why don't you just walk and do that?" And I just made me smile as she said that. It's because I'm distractable. I get my attention gets pulled in all different directions. So, I have to be stopped to talk to you cuz I want you to have my full attention. I'm walking around. I'm like, "So, I want you to have my full attention. That's why I do that." So, now you know. Okay. Before we continue anymore, I just need to talk to you. And I'm only talking to you right now. You are awesome. I hope you know that you make the world better. You're amazing and you are unique and you are special and you are awesome and you're intelligent and you're kind and you're great and you make the world better. And if you don't feel that way all the time, I'm sorry, but it will get better. You just can't quit. Okay? You don't have the right to quit. You just have to keep going knowing that it's going to get better. You deserve all that happiness cuz you are amazing. You make the world better. All right, guys. We'll see you guys tomorrow. Hit the like button. Hey, seriously, subscribe to our channel. Don't be shy. Subscribe to our channel. Come hang out with us. We got lots of cool things. We have We have Universal Studios coming up and then we have uh uh more when they have Disney coming up. Cool fun facts and all kinds of cool things for you. So, hit the subscribe button. I will see you guys in tomorrow's video. We went to the Beauty and the Beast. It's also called The Bog by the cast members and it was really, really good. Except if you're a vegetarian, then you're like, "What the heck am I doing spending all this money?" Because there's not really a lot of options out there for me and it seems to be expensive. But if you're not a vegetarian, then it's awesome. >> I got a $72 eggplant to >> our Patreon, thank you so much. We love you. Become a patron down below. Come to our dance party.
