---
video_id: 2Oku5Es3NLk
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Disney Just Released THE BEST Drink EVER"
published: 2026-03-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Oku5Es3NLk
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris Wy Park pass. Today is going to be the very first day of the food and wine festival here at Disney California Adventure. We're going to get to go show you everything they have. Make sure you everything. I'm going to show you a lot of the food items that are on sale and the drinks here at the California Food and Wine Festival at Disney California Adventure. Turn around. Take a look at it. There we go. Let's go in. All right. So, we have a bunch of stuff going on here at Disney California Adventure. They of course are celebrating the Disneyland 70th. Uh the 70th celebration goes all the way till the end of August. That's at uh Disneyland. Also a little bit of celebration here at Disney California Adventure. But we are here for the food and wine festival. These festivals are very popular. So I filmed this on Thursday, March 5th, 2026. Technically the food and wine, I believe, opens tomorrow, but they're having it. They always open usually a day early. I heard that the sip and saver passes are on sale. Let's go get some and go look at the uh the food items here at the food and wine festival. Now, if you've never done a fest like this, they have these little booths. You you go you can you don't have to buy a sip and saver pass. You can just go right up to the booth and just order what you want. And uh but it saves you a little bit of money if you have a sip and saver pass. It's not required though. And then you can also do this if you can order lots of different items. Um there's lots of different little houses or places to pick up the food. You can all order it at just at one place and they take the receipt each place and just um get everything you want. That way you don't have to stand in line to order at every single place. You just go to the pickup window. So this one here is the golden dreams. We got some fried rice. Ooh, that's cherry cobbler watermelon cucumber mjito tiki spritz. That looks good. That looks fantastic. And they all kind of have a little different theming. This is LA style. So we got the Junior LA street dog, the carbonara pizza, and this looks great. Cherry Coca-Cola cold brew. And we got to go back cuz I passed the one area here. Uh take a look at the food. And for those foodies, this is a great thing. They have all these different food offerings. And they're just usually here during the food and wine festival. Then once they're gone, they're gone. So, it's kind of fun to see all the different food offerings. Let's see here. This is peppers. Caliente. Got a little little uh It's a little spicy. That's a spicy meatball. All right. What do we got here? Taheen habanero seasoned wings. And right here we got the ramen mac and cheese, furry khaki crumble, fish cakes, green onions, and chili crunch. That looks good. Strawberry guava lemonade and pickle whiskey sour. >> Eating some friends here. And while I'm waiting for them to show up, um there's a squirrel. It's a little fat squirrel probably going out for the food and wine festival. I wonder what it's going to eat first. Maybe the Oh, whoa. Wow. So, we're going to go down here. I have two friends that are down here for the wine festival and they just text in like, "Hey, let's stop by and say hi." I was like, "Sure. Let's continue on down here." Whoa. We do not want that. Okay. So, I want to I need your opinion of this because I feel like that some people this is a big deal. The food and wine festival is a very big deal. Then I get other people, they're like, "Ah, it's not a big deal." Do you like it? If so, tell me why you like festivals like this. If you don't like it, tell me why. You're like, "Ah, it's not my thing. I'd rather do rides." I'm kind of curious to get everyone's opinion on it and find out, you know, why people like it or what they don't like about the these festivals. I think they're kind of fun, but I don't I don't I think some people plan their trips just around it around that festival and I'm just like, "Oh, it's here. Let's go check it out." These are my friends. This is Becca. This is Tony. And they actually got some food or they're We'll watch them eat the food and they're going to give us >> You're not going to eat it. >> Eat anything. >> You won't? Why not? Becca, come on. >> Spicy. I don't have texture issues. I can't do sauces. >> What? Sauces are the very best. What about buffalo sauce? What about >> I don't even have ketchup. I don't do any Chick-fil-A sauce. I don't even I need sauces. >> Not Chick-fil-A. >> I don't even use dressing on my salads. >> What kind of >> I know. >> Well, we got some issues here. >> I do. You know, I'm old. When I was young, they didn't realize the textures were >> textures. All right, Tony. >> Yes. >> You have no problem with sauces? >> No. >> You guys want to know a little secret about Tony? >> No, you are not. >> Do you know how she met her husband? Literally through courting. Like in like like like oldfashioned cording. And like she had a chaperon with her husband. Her husband was not a her chaperone. They were in there. They were in there. Yeah. True story. True story. Yes, it is. Yes, it is. Yes, it is. Anyways, these my friends down here. I do need to show you something real quickly though cuz you remember I said you don't have to buy the pass. This is kind of nice to save a little bit of money. But right now, this is new. I don't see this. This is the If you buy a pass, you also come with Yeah. eight pass. It also comes with this plate which is that's really cool. >> That's to hold your drinks. >> That's to hold your drinks. And that's that's to hold your food. Here's my question though. Let me ask you a question. I always want something like that, but do you ever kind of get it and then you're like you get home, you're like, "What what are you doing with this?" >> Okay, so they had this last year. >> Oh, they had this last year. >> Yes. And I got it and it is just hanging on a hook in my kitchen. >> We have never used this, >> Becca. It's the same one from last year. No, no, no. Since 2006. I like the color though. >> It's a different color. >> What color was it? >> Blue. >> I love this color green, though. It's probably my favorite color. So, one of my favorite colors. >> The blue is your blue, too. >> Yeah, I love it. So, all right. All right. Let's get back to eating food. Since she has an issue with sauces, she's like, "I'll film and you can eat this." I'm like, "I'm not eating." They're like, "You have to eat something." Which makes you nervous. >> I know. All right. We got to go for it. >> You know what it is? >> No, I don't even know what it is. >> It's the taheen habanero wings. >> Oh, it's a spicy hot. I had I had a problem with this. >> Are you having some PTSD? I am because I did another video where I ate some hot wings on accident and it was still and my fingers freaked out and I was freaking out and I don't even have a drink. I don't have a I don't have a >> You don't even have water. >> I don't even have a dectable beverage to cool this down. >> Sounds like you'll have to get the cherry cold. >> The Oh my gosh. Okay. Are we going the same kind? >> Yes, same kind that way. That way I don't feel so self-conscious. >> Okay. As much as you can though. Okay. >> It's good. It's good entertainment. Don't feel nibbles. Ready, set, go. spicy. >> Not like hot spicy yet, but like packed full of flavor. >> It is very flavorful. There's the heat. I'm feeling it a little bit. >> My nose are um It is when you take a bite of it. >> Mhm. >> It just like boom. It is so much flavor. It's uh I didn't know how to I'm not a foodie. >> It's a sour vinegary. >> That's a taheen. >> That's a deen. >> Yeah. >> Oh my gosh. That's so good to know that. >> That's a deen sauce and then um it also tastes like chicken a little bit. >> So you have a little bit of chicken with your sauce and your spices. Okay, >> I think that's enough showing showcasing that. We can we can turn that off. Becca, apparently I'm a fan of taheen. I didn't even know that it's spicy. It's not really temperature w. I mean, uh, it's not spicy hot. It's just like lots of flavors. Like the last time I did that video where I ate those hot wings, those were like those kick my trash. These are like just delightful. You might be asking yourself, did Tony really court her husband like like at a chef? Yes. Well, I I remember we're talking one time. We're at a dinner somewhere and she's like, "Yeah, I met my husband. We he courted me." I was like, "Court? Who uses that word?" And so then it's a and then the whole way they she told me that they sat in the front foyer and they had a candle burning and her dad sat in the corner and her mom served like lemonade and she sat there and she had like a fan. It was hot and and then her like her husband who was just quartering her at the time was like, "Well, I got to go. It's 7:00 p.m. sundown. Nothing good happens after this." So >> word of that is true. Not a word. >> Did you not Did you not say you got corded? >> Yes, but >> that's ALL I SEE. THERE IT GOES. All right. So, we're going to go to another one. Becca has ordered something else. Apparently Tony did. >> Oh, Tony ordered it. Got Becca's like sauces. Gross. So, we're going to go down to another place and get some food. That That chicken was really good. A little spicy. Like just not like heatwise, just like it's a lot of flavor. Um I didn't need a beverage. Like that last time I had that hot chicken wings, I was dying. They're like You've never had taheen before? And I was like, I've had it I think I've had it on Pichos. the candy pizza. That's the only thing I ever had it on. I didn't even really know it was a thing, but yeah, I love it. So, now I got to figure out how to use it. Here's this is the next booth where it's called Garlic Kiss. Let's see what they have here. This garlic kiss booth. It's got to be heavily infused with garlic, right? I don't know how to say that. Sirloin guri mac and cheese. They've got cuties mandarin orange, a blackberry punch, and bourbon peach tea lemonade. I would have thought they would have had more garlic offerings than that. Just drinks. Two drinks in a thing. >> One garlic dish. >> One garlic dish is the most they can serve. So, this is where we're going to. This is called Craft Brews. And what do they have here? Chorizo cheese sauce, tomatoes, and salsa. Verde. >> This is the one she's having. >> What is it called? How do you pronounce it? >> Chicarian nachos. >> I love it. How do you pronounce the chicken? >> The chicheró. >> Chicheró. Chicheró nachos. You got a California punch. You got a mango guava cocktail and a tropical chamoy. >> How do you pronounce that again? How do you So, how do you pronounce that again? >> The chicheró. >> Chicheró. Look at that. >> It's chicheró nachos in a cup. >> So, Becca actually is so kind. She ordered me this drink. >> And Tony, she Yeah. What is the drink? Becca's. >> It's a cutie. Mandarin orange and blackberry punch. >> Cutie >> mandarin orange. >> Mandarin orange blackberry punch. >> This is what is crazy. Okay. It's nachos in a cup. >> The guy says that you have to shake it though. You shake it up, right? >> You mix. And he says it's super spicy. >> Yeah. And it's not like regular nachos. It's chicheró, which is pork rind. >> It's Oh, it's pork rind. >> Are you kidding me? Is that what chicheró is? is pork rind. >> I never knew that. I think I've only had pork rind once in my life, maybe. Are they like super airy and they kind of just dissolve on your tongue? >> That's my understanding. My kids love. >> Okay. Okay. You have to say I'm worried it's going to go everywhere. Ready? Shake. Shake. >> Shake. Shake. >> Shake. Shake. Shake. Sora. Shake. Body line. Shake. Shake. Shake. I feel like I'm I feel like the uh the pork rinds are being demolished. I like ruin. Is that what you do? >> It looks good. >> I don't know. That doesn't look very appetizing now. But that looks like >> What does that look like to you? >> That's not >> What does that look like to you? That looks like chich your own pork rice. >> I think I demol I think I shook it too much. But this makes me want to shake it more. >> Okay. Okay. All right. >> I like that he got three quarters. >> I did. Oh, yeah. That was That was dumb. Becca's not going to eat this. You want to go first? >> I don't want to eat. >> I don't want to go first. Absolutely not. >> I didn't want to go at all. >> Okay. It's a pork pork rind. A chicheró. How you say pronounce it? >> Uhoh. >> It's not that spicy. >> I want a little tiny little bit. That was not too bad. >> It's like It's like a lot of gravy. >> It's not. >> There's the spice. >> There's a little bit of But it's like a It's like I'm going to try to get I'm going to try to get the sauce at the bottom. I'm going to get all that. That's what we're trying to get. >> Oh gosh. >> Whoa. Gosh, >> that looks so messy. >> Becca is like sauced version. Well, and I'm also like, don't spill it on your shirt. >> You know what it tastes like? >> Pork rind. >> It has a little bit of that walking taco taste, but with a extra kick and then the texture of the pork. >> What is that? Yeah, it's um I do not I'm not a food critic. So, but you know the Taco Bell Mexican pizza? >> Yeah. >> Taco Bell, which is good. I really like that Mexican pizza. The Mexican pizza. >> I just got a little spice. >> Yeah, it's good. Yeah, >> it took a second. >> It tastes like the Taco Bell Mexican pizza, but I don't know how to get the rest of this out. >> Just uh blend it up really good and drink it. Is that what you do? >> No. >> All right. Well, we'll mash it and then drink it. >> Gross. >> I don't think that's the right way to do it, Becca. You're just making it a thick paste. >> Well, there's a straw there if you want to. >> Oh, okay. >> It must be good. You're eating a lot of it. >> It actually tast It tastes like a messy pizza. It tastes like the taco Belly pizza. Am I right? I think you're not far off on that at all, actually. >> Don't look at me. >> I'm an idiot. >> Give us those napkins. >> Napkins. He just is trying to keep >> I don't love it. >> I don't love it either. >> I think that the people buy this for the novelty of it. It's a little spicy. Not too bad. Um, >> but I think I'd rather get like the mac and cheese or something or that fried rice. This, I think, is just a novelty. >> I don't like the texture of the chicken. You don't? >> The just just the chich. I don't like that, but I don't think the flavor's bad. >> Okay. Now, how's the punch? >> Punch is good. I'll give this I'll give it like a six out of 10, maybe. >> Exactly what I was thinking. punch is probably I mean like if you like this type of punch and yeah this is a winner. This is a I'm going say this is a seven and a half eight o >> pretty sweet but it's also hard to tell all I can taste is that so literally I could be edit that out again never say that >> literally I could be drinking never know edit that out literally I could be drinking just plain water I would never know. So, >> okay. So, you were kind of messy here, Chris. See that? You spilled on the table. >> Oh, >> so I was just wondering, do you carry an extra shirt in your backpack just in case? >> No, but I carry a tide pin. >> That's good. >> I carry tin, but I do have Yeah. You know, back at the hotel, I do have other shirts. >> The worst is >> is like when you The worst is is like I'll come down here for several days. The first day I spill on my shirt. So then the second day I spill on my shirt. Then third day, spill on my shirt. And then you're like, every shirt has a stain and I don't do laundry. So when you get home, it's this big block. And then I wash them. Then I come back and people are like, what's that? Food and wine. Taheen. Okay. So my friends, they've left to go off to do whatever they're off to do. And then let's continue on and take a look at some more food items. So yeah, I so far food's good. It wasn't like that one experience I had was like so hot and spicy. Nothing like that so far. So, let's walk down here. We're right by the Little Mermaid. I'm debating on telling a pun or not. >> I'm going to do it. Where does the Little Mermaid go when she loses something? The Lost and Flounder department. >> I don't think this is the time for that type of humor. All right, we're walking down here. Let's see what we got here. This looks like a little wine cork. It's called Uncorked California. >> Let's see what they offer here. >> Mickeyshaped macaron made with Snickers. And then these are like mimosa flights. Fun. And wine flights and red wine flights. So I'm curious. I want I'm really curious to read you guys' comments about like this these festivals like do they drive you to come or is it like a nice thing to have just add a little spice. I cuz I know there are people that this is they plan around these festivals food festivals which I think and they make a whole day of eating all the food and I think there's other people that just show up here and when they show up here like oh festival's going on let's check it out. Curious what you guys think about it. I think it's fun. I think it's also it just adds a little extra spice and flare to the Disney experience. All right let's go down here. Cluck a doodle moo. Chicken and cow stuff. Cluck a doodle moo. Let's see what they got here. Grilled skirt steak with chipotle acidos and hot honey wine sangria. There it is. chicken and steak. Which reminds you, did you guys hear about that cow that jumped over a barb wire fence? Yeah, it was utter disaster. Get it. >> Coming down here to the festival beer garden. Let's see what food they have down here. We're walking right down here. This is a little beer garden. The festival beer garden. Hi, how are you? Good. How are you doing? All right. So, you can get different kind of beers here. And we're going to go right down here. Now, when they have these food and wine festivals, they also have like these little um things here that are like on the not normally on the menu, but since today is a soft opening day, they don't have them here at the stores yet. You can only get the food cart items. It's kind of fun. Yeah. Now I kind of want that plate. I like that green color. I think about it. >> I think I might try that cherry cola cold brew. That looks really good. We'll try that and uh continue on with our little adventure here at Disney California Adventure. So, we're walking down here. I'm going to show you some um I'll give you guys an update here that nobody knows. But since you have subscribed to a Provos Park Pass, you're going to know the truth because nobody else knows this. Wait a minute. H Have you sub Have you subscribed? Cuz if you haven't, then I don't know if I'm going to tell the secret. Oh, you have? Okay, let me tell you the secret then. As you can see right behind me, the Jellyfish Jumpers is closed. They're actually replacing that attraction. It's no longer going to be the Jellyfish Jumpers. It's gonna be the peanut butterfish jumpers, >> right? Not the time for jokes. >> And I know right now somebody watching this, they got a little angry. They're like, "Oh, Chris, I couldn't pass it up. That's just too good. That's just too jellyfish jumpers. Get it?" Peanut butter fish jumpers. It's just too It's just too These things just write themselves. I feel like I'm doing something bad right now. I'm waiting in line to get some food, but it's not from the Food and Wine Festival. It's from the Corn Dog Castle. I know. I'm going to get the cheese the cheddar cheese stick, which is so good. Um, it's one of my favorites, >> but it makes me feel a little weird. They're doing this during the food and wine festival. >> All right. Cheese. It's just filled with cheese. No hot dog, just cheese. So, if you're a vegetarian, you can eat that, too. And they can't get a bag of chips. I choose to get the orange. They gave me the wrong one. I have to go back. Oh no. All right. Now we got the cheese stick. Oh my gosh. It's It's breaking on me. Oh, it's cheddar cheese. It's so good. It's one of my favorite treats here. That cheese is so good. Anywh who, back to the food and wine festival. Let's go get that cherry cola cold poo. Just from appearance, the cockadoodle moo seems to be popular, but not super popular. And the other ones out here, they seems you can kind of see which ones get lines. We'll see. Just looking at the food little the food chalet, if you will. Chalet. Little food. You don't want to say food cart. All right. So, this next one here, this is the Uncorked California. I would assume that this is probably get a lot longer line in the evenings. Really, the only food item here is the Mickey head snicker. The Snicker Mickey shaped macaron with Snickers. I've had it. It's good. It's cold, but that's mostly for drinks, I think. So, let's just keep going down here. You One of the most difficult questions I get asked is always people ask me like, "What's your favorite ride? What's your favorite ride?" Does anybody anybody else have a hard time with that question, too? It changes. Pirates. I love Pirates. Haunted Mansion, Indiana Jones, Guardians Galaxy, Monsters, Inc., these all attractions that I absolutely love. And depending on the just the mood I'm feeling, that feels that kind of tends to be my favorite for that day. This area seems to be a little more crowded with the food and wine festival. And it could be that maybe people don't know that they can walk down there to the clucker doodle moo. Cluckoodle moo. This is the craft bruise. >> We had that. >> This is the garlic kissed. Now, like I was saying, you can buy a sip and saver pass and then just go to one place and then order everything you want from each of the places. They have these little books here, and these books tell you all the different offerings of food that's going Oh my gosh. tells you all the little dot offerings of food they have going on here for the food and wine festival. So, what you could what the smartest thing to do is food and wine festival. Smartest thing to do is get this book, go to the first cart that you're going to go to and then order everything you want from that first cart. Now, true. You might be up here, you might be at the garlic kissed, but you want something from the cluck doodle moo. You can order it and say, "Hey, I want the something from the cluckoodle moo." And then they're just going to give you the receipt. And then you take the receipt to the receiving line. That way you don't have to wait in line to pay again. You just pay one time. Then you just take your receipt. Keep your receipt and it tells you all the places you need to go to pick up your food. Save yourself some time. All turning going right down here. You'll notice they do have like little tables off the sides periodically for places to eat, grab some food. Even like these little teeny tiny areas right there to grab some food. Okay. Hi. How are you? Okay. I think over here is the LA style. Ooh, wait. This is what I want. Okay. So, I think I have to order over here at the Golden Dreams, though, cuz I want to get that cold brew. So, I'm going to go to the Golden Dreams to place my order. Let's do that. I'm excited. I'm picking up my son and wife tonight. Tomorrow is this grand opening of this new brand new coaster at Legoland and I'm taking Miles down there. We're go down there media preview and uh he's nine. Perfect age for it. Oh, I think we're ready for me. You are not going to believe this. The cold brew. Hey, how's it going for years? >> I kid you not. It's sold out. It's sold out. But they said don't worry. They said don't worry just on a momentary hiatus and then we bring it back. They said come back a little later on. So I am literally going to be going back in just a few moments I guess. And uh I guess the demand exceeded a little bit of expectations here. So I'll be going back and uh trying this uh cherry cola cold brew. Okay. So it's kind of crazy. You're not going to believe this. My neighbor just happened to be there. I was like, "What?" So we then we hung out and but now I got it's been a couple hours since I've last tried to go get that cold brew. Let's go back and see we get that cold brew and uh see if it's if it's available. I hope it is. That's my philosophy about Disney. I don't mind the crowds. >> I honestly don't. >> Hi. Oh, you do? I was just saying I don't really mind crow I mean that's I think how do I explain this? Crowds are a way it's part of the experience with the park, right? You have to navigate the crowds and be prepared for it and it's going to happen. But it shouldn't detract. It shouldn't be you shouldn't be like I don't I this is me just personally yammering. I tend to do this. doesn't take away from the experience of it's crowded. You're like, "Oh, okay. Well, it's crowded and and that's just part of the experience." I don't know if that makes any sense at all cuz I know I know that sometimes people like, "I don't want to be in the parks when they're crowded." Well, I think everybody wants to just walk on every single ride, of course, but that's just part of the experience. I think I just witnessed the most pure form of the food and wine festival and why it's so good. So, for example, there was this couple and it was like a an older couple >> and the wife was going down and she was reading the list of everything and she was like saying, "Okay, I got to get in line here." She was reading the list of like saying, "Ooh, look at this this orchata." And and then like her husband was like, "Oh, yeah." She goes, "We got to try this. We got to try this." And they both were just like super happy about it. Like, yeah, we got to try that. We got to try this. We got to try that. and it's going to be awesome. So, I think that's what it is. Just kind eating good food with your family. It's the best way to be. Do you guys want to see some of my favorite cast members? Check them out right here. Hey. Hey. Okay. What is What What's the What's the best thing to get, guys? What's the best thing? Tell everybody what's the best thing to get. >> The cherry cobbler. >> The cherry cobbler. >> Yeah. >> I didn't get that. The cherry cobbler. >> Mac and cheese. >> Wait. Oh, what? This is the habanero wings right across. >> Oh, okay. The habanero wings. All right. All right. All right. All right. Now we're learning. Oh my gosh. Look at Look at this. Look at Look at it. Look at it, you guys. This is the cherry cola cold brew. >> Oh my gosh. This is This is the problem. I don't know. Like, do I stir that all up? That cream is so good. You want to just eat it, but at the same time, you want to kind of mix it in. Look at the Oh. Oh, I still got I'm not going to even wipe it off. >> I literally just scooping that cream up and eating it off the straw. All right. Oh, I hate to do it. >> It's beautiful. It is so good. I'm going to try not to mix it all the way in. Just enough to sweeten it up a little. You guys know I hate eating on camera, which I've had to do a little bit for today's video, but drinking on camera, new problem. That is a 10. If I could name this drink perfection, I would. It's a 10. Ah, it's a 10. Perfect 10. What? May 11. No. Yes. 11. It's my favorite drink I think I've ever had. This is so good. This is so good. I'm sorry. Super excitable. It's literally all your favorite things. Cold brew and cherry cola. It's basically cherry coke with this sweet cream. Best drink I've ever had. hands down. And that is not hype. That is just how it is. Though, uh, if you don't like your cold brews, you don't want them sweet, this is this is on the sweet side, which is what the way I like it. I think that's why I'm so attracted to it. I'm very attracted to you. Yes, I am. Yes, I am. Yes, you are. Who's a naughty? I love it. Everything I want in it is in it. It's got the cherry cola flavor, the cold brew flavor, that sweet cream is just delicious. Okay, this is my favorite. This is my absolute favorite. Now, tomorrow, my wife is coming in and my son's coming in and we're going to Legoland, a brand new preview of this brand new Legoland stuff. But the next day after that, we'll be coming back and I will have my wife try this. She is the coffee connoisseur. She loves coffee. Coffee. She loves it so much. In fact, I'm going to let Do you want you want you want me to tell you? I'll let her tell you about some of her favorite coffee right now. >> We have teamed up with Rise Superfood Mushroom Coffee because this has been a game changer for me at home traveling or at theme parks. I wanted something more than just a burst of energy in the morning. And this is it because it's organic instant coffee. So, it's so easy to make wherever you are, but it includes Rise Super Six Mushroom Blend and a prebiotic blend. So, not only does it provide an energy boost, but it can help with mental clarity, stress relief, mood support, and even digestive support. Plus, it tastes absolutely delicious. I'm obsessed. I'm obsessed. I'm obsessed. You can get 15% off if you order through our link below. >> Oh, guys, what a perfect way to end it. I love it so much. It's cold. It's sweet and it's just like exactly how I want it to be. Oh, if I didn't like it, I would tell you. But I love it. I have to go I'm I like it so much I have to go back and tell them how much I love this. Just just was telling them how awesome was. They're telling me that it's a this cherry cola and this the cream. It's kind of like this butter cream that's sweet and with vanilla. It is just perfect. But they did tell me this and I can't do it right now cuz I done this. They said they feel that this there's something even better than this. And I was like what? Let me show you what they said. So I'm not sure. Right now, I'm just getting the drags. I can't can't All right. This is what they told me. They said this is even better, which I I doubt it, but >> that's what they told me. The strawberry guava lemonade. >> Okay. So, they were telling me that it is super good. Um, I'm going to come back. So, here's what we do. Uh, tomorrow's be Lego video eventually. I think I'm going to take a I'll come back to the park with Amanda and we'll do the I'll get her let her get this. She probably won't like as much as I do because she doesn't like sweet as much I do. But when she tries the sweet um I'll get that strawberry guava lemonade at that time and I'll report which one's better. Oh, this is so good. This is so freaking good. Okay, so let me tell you what's going on. Legoland video. Then after that, I'm going to take a little bit of time. We're doing my the celebration of life for Adam. I think I might take a day or two off of that just to kind of regroup my mind. Uh and then we'll come back. We'll film that video with Amanda >> having her try that that cold brew here and I'll get that I'll get that strawberry guava heart throb whatever it is. We'll try that and that'll be that's what's coming up. Then after that I'll be going to Disneyland Paris guys. I've been invited to the media preview for Disney Paris to see Arendelle. It's going to be opening up. Uh, and I think when you get there, I like there's only small handful of people that will be allowed to go in, but we're going to go in. I'll show you everything top to bottom of the new Frozen Land Arendelle that's going to be happening in Disneyland Paris. So, hit the subscribe button, hit the like button, and uh I need to find a place where I can talk to you. Hang on. I got to walk back to the hotel I'm staying at. Uh, get all the stuff put away and uh go pick up my son and Amanda from the airport. Staying at the Hampton Inn and Suites, by the way. I don't know if you saw yesterday's video where I found the rarest hidden Mickey in the world. Because of that, the Hampton suits is like, "Hey, we're going to give you an extra $20 off anybody stays." So, you can get an extra $20 off if you book through Getaway Today. If you want to come to Disneyland, book through Getaway Today and you'll >> get that extra $20 off. All right, I got to find a spot. I really do have to find a spot to talk to you. That was so good. Made me happy. I could see a bench right over here. Nobody's sitting on it. I'll sit on that bench and talk to you. Hey guys, for this brief moment, this part of the video, I'm only talking to you. Just you. I want you to know how amazing you are. And I hope you believe it. I hope you know it's true. You are unique. You are special. And you matter. You, yeah, you you make the world a better place. And if you were struggling, you're going through a little bit of a rough patch, it will get better. Just want you to know that I think you're amazing. You are awesome and I see you. All right, guys. I'll see you guys in the next video. I'll talk to you later. Bye-bye.
