---
video_id: HpJZHqfGLEU
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "I GOT One Of The RAREST Disneyland Pins In The WORLD! It's Only Been SPOTTED TWICE!"
published: 2026-02-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpJZHqfGLEU
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris. You're watching Park Pass. I have to go get some cheese right now. I'll explain why later in the video, but I'm in Disney California Adventure. And uh I'm going to take you on a special little treat tonight. All right. I got some Baby Bell cheese. I already ate one of them. I got to eat two more. Now you're right. Why do you need cheese? Well, because it's so gouda. >> I don't think this is the time for that type of humor. >> That's not why I'm getting cheese. I'm going to take you tonight. We're going to go see the World of Color here at Disney California Adventure. And we're going to go do the little dessert package and get a dessert. And I'm going to eat the desserts. Not on camera. I'll show you the desserts. But I am going to eat them when the camera's off. I didn't want to get a tummy ache. So, I got cheese to kind of I don't know why I think cheese would be good to have for you. A whole bunch of sugar. But then I'm going to show you the World of Color show as well. So, I just wanted you to join me tonight. Let's have some fun. like this is like a little nighttime fun activity here in Disney California Adventure. Let's go um eat some desserts together and watch World of Color. It's the nighttime. Nighttime is the right time. [clears throat] The thing about Disney, I love early mornings at Disney. That feeling like when you come in Disney park and there's that cold air. You guys know what I'm talking about. It's kind of cold and brisk and you're like, "Oh, it's chilly." Then you're so excited. The whole day, the world of possibilities up ahead of you. You're like, you can't wait to go experience it. And then it gets warm in the afternoon, then the evening is so fun when it gets dark. Disney looks so fun at night time. I love it. Why do you think people like Disney so much? I have theories on this. It's pure escapism, right? I get to come to this park. I get to just relax and have fun and just enjoy. I don't have to worry about my any stresses. I don't have to worry about for that. I don't have to worry about my doctor bill for that day or I don't have to worry about for that brief moment. I get to escape and have fun in the world of Disney. It's a total exchange, right? I give [music] money and then and in return Disney gives me entertainment and fun and it's just a good exchange. I like it. And I think that people we like to have a chance to skate the world. There's so much going on and and and it gives us a chance to come down here for this brief moment when you're in that Disney bubble. [music] You don't have to really worry. You're just trying to have fun and just >> Hi, how are you? Also, there's phases of life, right? So, like when you're when you're ti child, teenager, college age, I think the most important thing is rides. Like how many rides can you get [music] on a day? At the end of the night, I remember laying in the hotel room. I would be like literally counting how many rides I I went on 15 rides a day or whatever. [music] Then when you become a parent at Disney, seeing Disney through the eyes of your child, oh, it's just magical, too. You see, they're they're like when they get like their eyes are so big when they get to see Mickey Mouse and characters and and the rides are still really fun, but they're not as important. [music] And then sometimes that you just want to be here with your significant other and just walk around and just to walk around and eat food and maybe [music] ride a ride, maybe not. I don't know. It's just different different times. It's attractive for different things, I guess. I love it. [music] I do. Um, obviously, and I hope that you enjoy it, too. I hope it's brought you guys joy and happiness as well. I also bought this. I'll tell you about it in a second. I'm not going to eat on camera, but it's really good. All right. So, I was walking right over here and I saw this a little food cart. They have hot dogs and I was like, "Oh, maybe I'll be good with my cheese." But then they had this Mickeyshaped hot dog bun. And so I was talking to the cast members. I'm like, "Oh, is it good?" They're like, "It's very good." The bread is sweet. It's like this classic milk bread. And the bread is soft. It's not crunchy. It's a soft bread. And so like cuz I was worried it would be difficult to eat. They're like, "No, it's easy." And you rip off the ears and eat it and good to go. That's exactly what I did. Loved it. >> All right. This is the world of color. It's right here in the water, obviously. And you'll notice that the lamps have like [music] they change like blue colors and down there is green. I think there's purple down there. These are for you can buy a special package. So, you could do like a dining package. And this is the blue entrance. >> You really can't see that cuz it's reflecting, but it's the blue entrance. So, that's what we're going in one of those entrances to watch the world of color. >> All right, we're checking in at the West Purple entrance. All right, we've checked in. They're walking us down to our little area. >> Watch our steps. >> This is a fun way to watch the world of color. >> Cookies. >> That's a good photo. >> All right. Thank you so much. Cheese and cookies. continue on. >> Okay. >> All right. >> Perfect. >> All right. So, let me show you. This is I'm lighting it up. This is the World of Color Happiness Dessert Party. And it has like a special pin in there. And you get like the rare version of the pin. Let's [music] open it up. >> Do you want me to hold something? >> I'm going to open this up here. Actually, can you hold that light right there on the on the box? >> Thank you so much. All right. We're opening them up. This Oh, look at the treats. Okay. I don't know how to Let's put that water bottle right there. Okay. Sweet and savory side. It looks like this here is looks like a macaron, little cake, little cake, a little rice krispie treat, cheese, which I already ate. You guys know that in the video, and some like was that pushto and [music] maybe some kind of salami, and then they got some crackers, utensils. This Now, this is what's crazy. It comes with a pin, right? And one, let me show you. It comes with a pin. one of the you open it up here and there's three versions. There is the full color which is common, glitter, which is rare, and then this one, gold tone, which is the ultra rare. So, I'll open up here in a second. Let's find out which we get. All right, guys. We are about to open up my pin. This is the second run. This is the Pluto pin. We're going to find out which version I get. Let's find out. It's going to be I'm If we get comment, we're not going to be disappointed. So, I'm trying to Hold on. Does it slide? Okay. Oh. Oh, there we go. Wait a minute. >> That's the ultra rare. Is that the ultra rare? >> Yeah, it does. >> Oh my gosh. I GOT THE ULTRA RARE. [laughter] >> That's a golden one. >> That Oh my gosh. >> Do you want a trade? >> Nope. I'm going to [laughter] >> Oh my gosh. I >> but you know >> yo coming common. Yeah opportunity. >> But yours has color. >> Yeah. That is crazy. >> So this is the second one you've seen. [laughter] >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> It's been a lot of the glitter ones. But >> the lot of glitter. Oh my gosh. I can't believe that. That's amazing. Oh, that's so funny. >> All right. So, I just got some really interesting information. The pins the pins are actually at the factory. [music] They're not done. They're not sorted here. So, the factory sorts the pins, the the gold, the rare, and the common, uncommon, whatever it is. They're sorted. They're pre- sorted before they even get here to Disney. So, the cast members don't know. The cast members, you can't they can't go through and select and find a gold pin. And uh Jose, who is here with us, he says that this is only the second gold pin he's seen. >> To normal, >> they're going to say they're going to start dimming the lights here soon. >> Located near the waterfront will get wet. Our special presentation of Hurry Home will begin in just a few minutes. >> It's a Luna New Year celebration >> by World of Color Happiness. Thank you. >> All right, [music] guys. It's starting. It's starting. [music] >> Under the glow of the new moon, cultures near and far celebrate the Lunar New Year. Friends and family gather together to welcome a bright new year. It is a time of reflection. >> The Midway Mania lights went out and everything. They turned them off. >> And now let us follow the little lantern as it begins its journey home. [music] >> [music] [music] [music] >> When the moon is new again, the lunar year will start. Your journey home, little lantern. Keep [music] following your heart. [music] [music] All your family and friends will welcome you this New Year's Day. Hurry home, little lantern. Don't let the dragon Mushu [music] lead you astray. >> [music] [music] [music] [music] >> Heat. Heat. >> [music] >> Banquet of deliciousness [music] mean good luck will be increased. So make your way home little [music] a most delightful feast. [music] [music] >> [music] [music] [music] >> and wish upon the brand new year. [music] >> [singing] >> Somehow I cannot hide who I am before I [singing] try. When will my [music] reflection [singing] show? [music] >> Welcome home. [singing] >> [singing] [music] >> and exaltation. [music] [music] Oh, that was awesome. [cheering] It's a Lunar New Year celebration. The little lantern going home. >> What a fun little celebration. It's now getting ready to exit out. It's great. While this is going on, the cast members, you see that light right there? They stand here and they take these families. Each table gets to have a photo with a nice background and light them all up. It's really cool. What a great souvenir. Hold that light up right there. holding light on the family and they take photos with a nice background. They do that for each family that's here. This little dessert thing they wanted. What a cool souvenir. It's over. No, REALLY. GET OUT OF HERE. >> Thank you for joining us. World of color happiness. >> Wherever you're headed, we hope it's full of chances to celebrate happy. Good night. You guys, I got one of the most rarest pins, the Pluto gold pin. Um, that cast members only seen two of them, including mine, so ever being opened. Amazing. I had people offering to get it. They're like, "What do you want for it?" I was like, "Uh, nothing. Nothing." Yeah. I got it right here in my pocket because now I'm all worried about it. I got a rare pin. It's a rare Pluto pin. It's Pluto and it's gold, which is Pluto's color. [clears throat] Okay. Yeah. I was going to do the whole video of the um world of color. I think I'm going to do that in a separate video because now I'm just jazzed that I got that rare pin of Pluto. [laughter] So, I'll do that a separate video just a world of color if you want to watch that. This is crazy. Can't believe it. All right, let me show you where I'm staying at. Right that way. Trying to push the button, it wouldn't go. Castle Inn and Suites. I've stayed at this hotel more than any other hotel down here at Anaheim. I love it cuz it's walking distance to Disney. It's a value hotel, familyowned. It's very close, very convenient. It's very nice. It's great. If you want to stay here, it's really simple. All you got to do is call 1855 getaway and they answer tell them park pass sent you and say I want to stay at the caston of suites. They'll also tell you which other hotels there's any other hotels that stress is going on. Well, this is the one I stay at the very most. It's a great hotel. It's a value hotel. It does not have breakfast. So, breakfast is something that's really important to you. This doesn't have the breakfast to you. But the staff is super friendly. The rooms are clean and it's within walking distance of a Disney. Also, right down there, there's a whole bunch of restaurants andarmacies and convenience stores. So, if you forgot any supplies, you can just walk right down there and grab it, which is fantastic. Love that. Okay, I got a rare rare pin. Rare pin. Got the rare Pluto pin. that the cast members have only seen two times now. Thank you so much for watching this video with me. I do want to say this real quickly. I'm talking to you right now and just you. You are amazing. You make the world a better place. You are unique and you're special. And I hope you know that in your heart that you make the world a better place. I appreciate the efforts that you are doing. And I know that some of you might be struggling right now financially with work, relationship, depression. It will get better. Don't give up. You do not have permission to give up to give up. You are too unique for that. You're too special for that. You're amazing. And uh I'll see you guys in the next video. Gold pin of Pluto. Super rare pin. [sighs] Kachchow. I got the rarest pin I've ever got. It's a gold Pluto pin. And the cast members said they've only ever seen two of them ever open up. Hold that note. Oh my gosh, that's so crazy. And Patreon, thank you so much. We wouldn't do these videos without you guys. You are absolutely amazing. And if you want to be part of this amazing Patreon community, click the link down below. For $3 a month, you can be a part of this amazing community. >> [music]
