---
video_id: -7rPb1B3RzM
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Super Cold And Rainy Day At Disneyland Paris. Can A Cup Of Hot Chocolate Save Me?"
published: 2026-03-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7rPb1B3RzM
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris. You're watching Park Pass. And I am at Disneyland Paris, you guys. Can you believe this? And it is a cold, rainy day. Uh, and I'm going in and it is very, very, very, very cold. Now, the reason I'm here at Dan Paris, besides the fact that I love it, is in 2 days they're having this huge media preview. Actually, I shouldn't say huge. I think it's very limited immediate preview of the brand new Arendelle land. So they have a two gates here. They have Tan Paris and they have the studios. They're renaming and retheing the whole studios and having a big huge gent launch and I'm going to be able to show you that. I will get uh inside access to the new Arendelle Land. I'll show you behind the scenes. I'm going to show you the restaurants. I'm going show you the shows. That'll be coming up in a couple of videos. But I came out a couple days early cuz I just wanted to go to Disneyland Paris because I love it so much. But today it is freezing. And when I say freezing, I mean my hands. Woo! We just got in here, guys. We are in the center of Disneyland Paris. Just walked in. This is the train station. You see the train right there above it? Disneyland Paris. And you'll notice these signs here say uh >> E DRR because it used to be Euro Disney Railroad. They haven't changed that. I hope they never do actually. We are coming in cuz it is Boy, it is freezing cold and uh I am just can't believe how cold it is. This here is their entryway coming right into they have, you know, at Disneyland they have that flag pole right in the center here. They have a gazebo and they also have two roads. Here's the first road [music] and the second road is for like this horserawn carriage type car right here. They have two different roads there. It's just amazing. It's surreal cuz it feels like you're at Disney but not quite. I've been to every castle park around the world and undoubtedly the castle, the best looking castle in my [music] opinion is the Disneyland Paris Castle. It's the most fairy taleesque. It's the [music] most beautiful and I love it. I'm going to show it to you here in just a second. Here we are in Main Street [music] and it is raining today, guys. But there is that beautiful, beautiful castle. And it's a little cold today. I know I've mentioned that multiple times, but my nose is cold. My hands are cold. And the weather isn't supposed to be like this. It's supposed to be I was looking at it. I've been looking at it. The 10day forecast had this weather at 60° 60° the whole week. And now it looks like it's going to rain this whole week. I'm like, "Oh, no. Something interesting." So, let me show you this. I'm going to turn right here. We're doing a little walk and talk here. This is something really cool. And I love that Disney Paris does this. They have the walkways behind the stores here on Main Street. So, see right here? You can walk right here and then you go into all the stores from behind and um it's covered. So for this rain like right now that I'm this rain now look at this. We're just walking down here. I wish Disneyland has those walkways that sometimes open up when it's super crowded. But they here they really leaned into it. They have the signs of the stores like there's the deli. They have all the different signs of stores. I think it's wonderful they do this. And then it makes it so it's nice cuz like on a rainy day like today, you can come in here. Oh, they're doing silhouettes. You come you come in a rainy day and you get out of the rain and [music] just be in here, which I think is awesome cuz it gets a little rainy out there. But yeah, it's on both sides of the street, too. You see they got these nice little window shops that you can walk into. This takes us right here [snorts] out into the main area here. This is called Victoria's [music] and they have really good like specialy coffees and drink uh treats and pastries and it's usually really crowded but it's not a lot of people here today. So, I think I'm going to see if I can go in and get some hot cocoa. I think this the an entrance. We'll see. Okay, so here I am in Victoria's and this is like a little tea shop. I'm here to get some um hot chocolate. They have like this cold brew coffee personalizer. Like you can see this menu of that. Let's get a hot cocoa. They also have like Mickeyshaped caramel waffles with chocolate, white chocolate sauce. It's really good treats. They have two types of hot chocolate. They have hot chocolate and they also have Vienna hot chocolate, which I'm not sure what the difference is between those two, but I'm probably going to go with the Vienna hot chocolate. It costs us a little bit more. I have like a little hot chocolate >> and it comes with like a little cookie >> and I think a little packet of sugar if you wanted to make it sweeter. >> The whipped cream tastes different. It's really good. I love that little sprinkly in [music] chocolate. It's really good. The whipped cream is like fluffier than we have in America. >> Not quite as sweet, but feels fluffier and dissolves really quickly. >> [music] >> for you. >> It's hot. It's delicious. It's not very sweet. >> It's not bitter. It just is a [music] light flavor of hot cocoa. >> It's amazing, actually. Love it. It's going to be hard to see, but they're having a parade. And all the characters have umbrellas. Let's see. Here comes another parade. [music] Let's see if I can see. It's hard to get them there. But the all the princesses have little white umbrellas. Oh, shoot. >> There you go. They're little umbrellas. Sento, you can see them over here, too. I'm sorry, guys. I'm [music] inside. It's hard to catch prayed. I'll try better. Right. Well, I figured let's just kind of walk around and see what they have here. I thought maybe look at they they have different types of popcorn buckets >> and uh what else >> and just see what's going on here on a very rainy cold day here at Disneyland Paris. As you can see there's lots of greenery here. Little fountain here at the end of ma end of Main Street. And these statues here we're straight up ahead. They were for the 40th celebration and people here like there's another one. They [music] spin in the wind and people have love they've loved them so much they've kept them and I've been told that they're going to be moving them to the new Downtown Disney that they're retheing right now. They'll be putting them down there. They've been very popular. There's the beautiful castle. And like you see the center, it's they have a whole center area here for like shows and they do dancing on these stages. These like each of these is a little stage. There's [music] four of them. It's really remarkable. Okay, let's come down to the popcorn here and see if they have popcorn buckets. [music] Maybe they don't. Maybe they do. I don't know. Popcorn. Let's take a look here. Cinderella popcorn bucket. Oh, look at Mickey. Mini. Wow. The cast member went to get all three of them. So, she's going to show me all three popcorn buckets. This one just came. This was new. This is a new one. There's the Cinderella. And it was a different It might be hard to see, but this is like a green. And this is the blue. Oh, that's those are really cool. I like them a lot. That's great. >> I think this is Minnie and this Mickey. No, this is Minnie and Mickey. >> So, this is Minnie and this is Mickey. Oh, okay. Did not that. That's great. Thank you. Bye-bye. >> I love it. Oh, little old tiny car going along. And you notice the license plate. L1971, Florida 1971. It's when Walt Disney World opened up. [music] Okay. So, turning this way, this takes us to Discovery Land. Now, Discovery Land is their Tomorrowland, of course. And I was looking at the map when I was drinking my hot cocoa and The attope here is so popular. And even in the rain, it was like 35 minutes. It's very popular. Some of the diehard Disneyland fans might remember this, but in like the late 90s, uh, Tomorrowland in Disneyland went through a whole retheing. and he kind of turned it into a Jules Burnesque uh Tomorrowland. This is what it looked like. This like the the color scheming that you see here, that's what the Tomorrowland in Disneyland looked like for a few years till eventually people did not like it. So, they ended up re they scrapped it and uh brought it back kind of that interstellar white color. Okay, here we are at Disneyland Paris. That is their space mountain and it is always Star Wars and it is very fast. It has loops in it, goes upside down. Very fun attraction. It's always Hyperspace Mountain. Here's the Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters. We got a cool station. And >> the Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters here. This is a 25m minute wait. I think Buzz's face kind of looks a little goofy. I don't know. Maybe it's just me. when they were originally planning this um they have all these great ideas. They had an idea here to have like shows and they thought they would have a cool walkways where people could get on the second level and then walk across these tunnels and have an observation deck here at Space Mountain. And even though it was dark, the cars were going to glow in the dark. So you'll be able to see the cars zipping by and that was the whole plan. It was all written up to do that. But I think the budget area got a little too expensive. So they kind they said, "Okay, we're not doing that." But there's a remnant of it. They never quite did it, but you still see where they were going to do it. And we're also going to walk down here to Star Wars because I think this is really cool because if you'll notice the X-wing is the red X-wing. It's the original trilogy X-wing like Luke Skywalker's regular red five standing by. I love that when the ones at Disneyland are the blue ones. Okay, see those circles right there? Those were going to be walkways, tunnels going from there over here into Space Mountain, but they never never came to fruition. So yesterday little windows walking down here to Star Tours. I just think that's cool that they have their red five. I like that. Come down here. It looks like Star Tours might actually be closed. I'm not sure where this green fence is over here. Kind of walking this way. >> I'm not sure. Anyways, about a week and a half ago, we were at home and we decided to do a family movie night. We're like, "Okay, what do you guys want to watch?" And we pulled up Disney Plus. And to be honest with you, we don't watch a lot on Disney Plus. I guess we used to, but maybe not as much anymore. But we pulled up Disney Plus and we're like, "Okay, what can we find?" And we're scrolling through just trying to find something. And we saw 20,000 leagues under the sea now. Oh, look. There's Mickey's Phil Hart Magic right there. It's the Discoveryland Theater. And we put on 20,000 Leagues and Sea. Mile's like, "Dad, I want to watch that." And the reason he wanted to watch that is because he had watched Never Ending Story as a part of the beginning Never End Story when the bookkeeper is like, "Do you remember when you were Captain Nemo and the Nautilus being Fearless?" and he mentions all these classic books. So that really intrigued Miles. So he saw that 20,000 Leagues on the Sea and we we haven't quite completed it. We we've watched three4s of it and I'm really it's a good show. We really we've all enjoyed it. And when he was watching that, he's like, "Oh my gosh." He's like, "That's the submarine from Disneyland Paris." And I was like, "Yes, yes, they have the submarine here at Dan Paris. A little uh replica of the submarine from 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea. Look at the nice little green shrubbery. Cuz we were watching the the movie 20,000 leads in the sea and I've been in this submarine several times, but I had never like uh didn't really appreciate as much because I had never seen the movie as well. But now after watching started watching the movie, you get to see the interior of the submarine. It makes this attraction so much cooler. So, you can see right here, that is the launch ramp of the uh roller coaster that you'll notice it's a big gun. Oh, you can hear it. This one up. It was a big gun. It shoots them can shoots them to the moon. You can see like little aiming device on it. That's from the original design. All right. So, right over here is that Nautilus submarine. And you can walk around and see the inside the replica of the submarine. This is exactly what you see in the movie. And that's a little That's the little boat. Like they take that boat out and they explore. It's a little boat they close down and explore. Crazy. There's a tail of it. and the bridge over into the m to the submarine. Then right over here, that is their Attopia course. It's always crowded. It's very popular. Then right here you can see the Nautilus >> submarine. Yeah. Now I'm kind of like a little bit obsessed with this because just watched that movie. There it is. Oh my, it's cold. My ears are getting very cold. That's one of the ways here at Disneyland Paris to kind of combat that problem we have at Disneyland or Tomorrowland. Tomorrowland, you know, you're always like trying to look at the future, but then the future always inevitably gets here. [music] So, you're always trying to stay ahead of it. But here, they just call it discovery land. Making new discoveries and it's kind of locked in this this place and And uh >> it it works. It really does work here. >> Let's go do Buzz Light you Astroers. It's a 30 minute wait, but still why not? >> This is very It is very crowded. Look at this big line back here. >> There we go. It's starting to rain again. And the line is not really moving and we're standing outside. Um I thought that we'd be like move along with no problem but no it's really slow for some reason. I am super confused with this line. We are really barely moving. Um it's going very slow and it should be a fast moving line. It's like an armor but like I'll show you like this is like there's a big group in front of us. Oh now they're moving now. Maybe maybe they had some type of issue. But we've been here for quite a while and I am so tired. I'm jetlagged. Yeah, we just can't get these stand stills. So we're moving. We're moving a little bit. All right. So now we're finally about to go inside. A little fun trivia is here in Dan Paris, the spaceship that you're flying is the XP41. And in California, I think it's the XP39 and XP37 or [music] XP38 in Florida, XP39 Disneyland. I think Tokyo is XP 40 and this is 41. Danger. Evil Emperor Zur Galactic Minne. Number one. So they do have the hidden Mickey here. [music] Can you see it's the two ears? [music] The nose. Little hidden Mickey. The one in Disneyland is the same planet but much bigger. >> [music] >> the French. It's a long line [music] inside. So, so quite a ways to go. So, [music] I'm going to try to get a good score, which means I can't videotape or film while I'm playing because it's too hard. [music] So, I'm just going to the very beginning. I'll just show the very beginning and then I will maybe I'll we'll maybe I can throw I'll hold the controller, the joystick, [music] and the camera one hand. We'll see. But try to get a high score. They don't have this artwork in Disneyland. [music] or this. [music] >> All right, let's do this. >> Member of your place game. [music] What target are you looking for? >> Please face forward and sit back in your seat. >> Only go for shrine. >> Please ship. Sit back in your seat. Your shield will be lowered automatically. >> Please face forward. Get ready. Get ready. >> Your shield will be lowered automatically. See if he's going. You notice it's very quiet. So here the the one in California makes really loud now noises. [music] Yeah. [music] Heat. [music] [music] >> [music] >> It's [music] weird cuz the gun doesn't make any sound. >> [music] >> Heat. Heat. Attention space rangers, you've landed on planet C. Be ready for anything. [music] >> [music] >> Okay, slow down here. Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] Delicious. Everything you got. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [music] All right, guys. We're coming in. >> Only one target left to a little 100. >> All right, we maxed it out. Not bad for one hand trying to hold the camera the entire time. >> [music] >> Galactic [music] Hero. >> Mission accomplished, Space Rangers. It's been an honor serving you. [music] >> L7. >> Good job, Space Rangers. Exit your space cruiser to the right. >> Well, there we go. here. Like in Disneyland, they have a big board to tell you how you did. Oh, it's down here. >> Also, in Disneyland, they have neon lights that ride up around it and it doubles the score. They don't have that here in Disneyland Paris, [music] the Galactic Hero. So, at Disneyland, they'll have those neon lights and the lights up around the target. You see the target while that neon lights on, it'll double whatever your score is. They don't have that here. I thought that maybe if you show got a photo like at Disneyland you could email your score if you hit that $9.99 you hit the maximum but if you email your score for that it'll actually show you like you got 1.4 million or whatever. So I thought that maybe they'd have that here but they don't have that. So they just maxed it out. That's all you can do. Now they cannot sell these in America anymore but they can here. These are these bubble guns and they light up and they spin around and you put bubbles and they blow bubbles out. They um can't sell these in America anymore. >> They got a bunch of stuffies. Look at Ratatouille supposedly. You know, I don't know who that is. So, I know I think it's Angel's the pink one and Stitch is the blue. I don't know the red one. I don't know who the red one is. Okay, good. It stopped raining at least right now. It's still a little cold, but that's better than uh cold and dry is better than wet and cold. So, I'm literally standing right where the Walt Disney [music] Partner statue is. The Walt Mickey Mouse right in the center of the top of the the hub. Right in the center here. There is no Walt Disney statue. And it's just this little open area for people coming and take photos of this amazing [music] uh castle. But they do have four stages here at the top of the hub here, which is interesting. [music] They don't have that. So they can do dancing there. >> They can do dancing there. They can do dancing there. And they can do dancing right over there. And so they do performances and and people stand here and the performers get up there and dance around. Very fun. Look at that amazing castle. It is probably the most spectacular one. It's just so good. Let's see if we get a ride at the Main Street Police [music] Department. CH 2016. Oh, >> let's see if they >> Yeah. Nope. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Perfect. >> CH 2016. I CH 2016. [music] I don't know what that is. >> What opened in 2016? Oh, here we go. [music] CH 2016. [music] Here we go. Right down Main Street. I'm in the back of the patty wagon in the police vent. [music] I'm a bad guy. They're taking me down. Oh, there's the red car. >> I do like the main street vehicles a lot. So, here we are the on Main Street again of Disney Paris. One of the things [music] you'll notice is, you know, at Disneyland they have the brick [music] is just around the track for the horses, but here in Disneyland, wo here in Disneyland Paris, [music] it's the entire road is all brick. The entire thing. [music] Here we are going down here. [music] She honks She honks at the little kids and waves at them. coming. [music] >> There we go. There's You see a line back there? [music] That's for character meet and greets. They here in Disney Paris, I noticed this ever since I've been here. The character meet and greets are taken very seriously [music] and the light the lines get very long for them but people don't mind because when you get with a character they take time [music] with you. So a very popular activity to do here is a character meet and greet. [music] coming to ride around. This is Looks like the sun's hopefully coming out. I have been freezing all day. Hopefully sun will [music] come out and stay out the rest of the week. That would be wonderful. Oh, scared that little girl. Let's see if the train's running. We take [music] the train. Whoa. There we go. Actually, my friend Jimmy and Anthony just messaged me and they're like, "Hey, you're here." I'm like, "Yes." Like, "Oh, we're coming over." So, I'm going to go meet with them right now. There must be a little school group. They all have matching hats. >> [music] >> They're my friends. [laughter] >> Hi, Grace. >> Hi. >> It's good to see you. >> Hello. [music] >> You brought the sun out. You going to say I have to say hello to everybody. Oh, you brought the sun out. It's so cold. [music] >> Oh, yeah. You know, Anthony and Jimmy. >> Hi, guys. >> And we're going to go have some fun. [music] >> Yeah. Now, >> I am tired. I was working this morning. >> Oh, I bet. >> I slept like 4 hours. >> Did you really? >> Yeah. Yeah. >> All right, we're going to go have some fun. We'll come back. Okay, we're going to go to the cowboy cookout barbecue. They've been talking a lot. I have been telling you. They've been telling me great stories, which I'll share with you. And Jimmy got me new ties, which you'll see in tomorrow's video. I'll wear a new tie. There's a Minnie Mouse and a Mickey Mouse one. And these are from Dan Paris. Ah, we ordered three cheeseburgers, which you you can't see yet, but this is something different. Like in America, you notice we ordered like we got a Coca-Cola. We got um what's it? I don't know what that is. Tropicon. >> Tropical. It's a orange juice. Like >> Yeah. >> It's like orange juice. Like orange crush. >> And then uh Sprite. But you'll notice something's different about their drinks than ours in America. There's no ice. No ice. So, >> it's because it's winter. >> I don't do it. We still do it. [laughter] And then we got the Howdy donuts. Those are apricot donuts. So, you don't do uh ice in the winter. >> No, I think even during the summer they don't. Am I making a joke? No. >> Yeah. >> Poor. >> No, I think No, I never saw ice. >> I don't recommend any ice. >> No. Okay. >> If you go to the hotel Yeah. They give you ice. >> When you go when you went to America, when you both were in America and you'd go in to restaurant and just the cup is just filled with ice. >> Yes. >> Did that bother you or did you like that? >> I don't like ice. >> You don't like >> So I asked No. >> No ice. Okay. >> Yeah. >> That's amazing. >> And I could also tell you something. I know that Jimmy doesn't like American bacon. >> No, guys. Cuz in here in Europe, they they like their b they like their bacon soggy. >> Yeah. >> And crispy. >> We like it. We love it crispy. >> Not for me. >> Okay. >> Okay. So, this is really fun for me cuz Anthony and Jimmy went to America in November. It's beenve >> 4 months. And then I'm asking them like they went to California and I'm asking them the things that they liked. >> I think you'll find this interesting the things that they absolutely liked. >> We We hated [laughter] We hated everything. I hate everybody. They don't speak French over there. [laughter] >> Yeah, they didn't speak French. Okay. Not stray farm. >> Yeah, I really love to. Yeah, >> they they loved it. >> Ghost Rider is >> Ghost Rider. >> Top of the chef. >> Top of the shelf. And you like >> Accelerator. >> Accelerator. >> Yeah, it's very good. >> For me, accelerator is good, but it's only the the lunch that is very impressive, but >> then nothing really happened. And then you were telling me that you were like when you did Ghost Rider, you're like we we're going to die. >> Yes. [laughter] The sensation. >> It was really good. >> Rider is not tacky tacky. >> No. Tacky tacky. >> No. No. >> Teach them what techy tacky tacky tack shaky. Okay. What about Universal Studios Hollywood? >> So the thing it was raining when we were >> It was raining. >> Yeah. So, the experiment was a little bit different that the first time we went there, but we really enjoyed um Super Nintendo World. >> Super Nintendo World. >> Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. >> And what about Water World, the stunt show? >> Uh impressive. >> Impressive. >> Was really good. Uh the stunts are amazing. >> Everything, the the stage, everything was Yeah. Yeah. >> It was awesome. >> The joke they made. >> Yes, of course. >> Yeah. And then what about uh the tram tour? >> It was okay. No, but this time was a bit different because we didn't have the so the place was the good place area little village. We didn't saw the Back to the Future set up. >> So yeah, I was like, okay, maybe next time, maybe next time we will have this this place. Okay. And then at they went to Disneyland and the thing but they've been to Disneyland before and they've been to Walt Disney World before. Mhm. >> But what they loved the most this time, well maybe top top five maybe was the queue to Mini Mickey's Runaway. They love the queue which is amazing. >> Yeah. I think it's as good as the ride. That queue like >> it's a different It's completely different from the one in Florida. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> It's a good addition to the >> It's a very good addition. Like the thing it's the same ride but the feeling you have when you do the queue is completely different when you do the queue in Florida. So the ride >> feel different. You really feel like >> you are in the cart since the beginning of the >> Yes. Exactly. Okay. And they they also did Monsters Inc. cuz they wanted to do that one last time. You >> we did the canoes guys. You know the one we don't have here. >> We did it. >> Did you in the rain? Was it rain? It wasn't rain. Yeah. They don't do canoes in the rain. >> No, no, no. It wasn't. >> They do in Japan, though. If it's raining, they don't care. >> Oh, okay. >> Canoes will go. Yeah. So, and did you like the canoes? >> Yeah. >> It's a within we say that it was like the jungle cruise because the guy was making jokes. >> Making [clears throat] jokes. Yes. >> And it's a shame that we don't have that. >> Yeah. You're making jokes and then you're also sweaty and hot cuz you're working. >> And then some my favorite is like a mom or little kids or dad, they're complaining. And they're like, "We have to paddle. [laughter] >> It's not motorized." >> No. I love that. I love that so much. Okay. You did the canoes. You did Tiana's Bayou. >> Yep. >> You said you liked it, but you you thought it was okay. You >> No, I thought it was okay. And Anthony, >> it's a It's okay. Plus. >> Yeah. Okay. >> It's It's a better Okay. It's [laughter] just All right. All right. Okay. >> But >> Matterhorn. mountain. Of course, >> always. >> We call that the back breaker. >> I didn't feel like >> it didn't shake you too much. >> It It was shaky. Yes. But I didn't feel anything about my back. >> Okay. >> It was okay. >> Okay. Uh >> maybe because last time we when we were here the first time in California, >> we did the Maton, but the >> So when you in the front of Mum, I think it was we do the right side. Yeah, we did the F fantas and and this time we did the and I think Fantasylon ride the Filon side. So it was a little bit more tricky than the one maybe >> I think so. I agree with that. Did you did you eat food at Knottbury Farm? >> Uh yes. Yes, we did the chicken at the restaurant. >> Oh, you did the chicken? >> Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. It was like >> they they bring things and they brings again and again and we say but come on. We just wanted to a bit because you know French people we >> like where's the wine? Where's the wine? >> No, no, no. We do not drink wine. Beer. >> No, we don't drink beer. No, no, that not at the restaurant. We did. >> No, no, no. I was saying when they were bringing out your chicken, you were upset cuz they weren't bringing out your wine. >> Yep. Yep. But I know American and wine is not. [laughter] >> These guys are awesome. Maybe seen them more when we hang out with them as much as they can. So, that's what we're trying to do. Oh, wait. Yes. Wait, wait, wait. At Disneyland, what was there a thing that you guys told me you did that [music] you liked? >> Sleeping. [laughter] >> Oh, sleeping. You like the sleeping? >> Sleeping on the train. >> Did you like a Did you do the Space Mountain? Do you like Space Mountain? >> Yeah, we did it. >> But is it boring compared to what you're used to here in France? >> It's different. >> Yeah. We I don't compare the one to one from Florida and California. Yeah, I do. I see that. >> But not the one we got here because it's completely different. So, you cannot compare the >> To be fair, we can't compare with the one we got here. >> What's your favorite food that you had at Disneyland? Oh, >> we we it was Christmas season. So, a lot of Christmas things like >> I really love and one of my first goal to think to do in America when I went there is to eat a turkey leg. >> Oh, [laughter] Jimmy loves the turkey leg. >> He loves the turkey leg. They had in Disney California Adventure, they had like um a Christmas fashion and I was like expecting something really like Christmassy, you know, like with >> cranberry and it was with cranberry, but I was like >> turkey leg. >> Okay. It's the stocky leg with a little bit of spice spicy things, but that's that's it. >> Do you guys eat churros? >> No. Oh, that's a big miss. >> I think >> we eat the beignet. >> Oh, you got the bign. Yeah, >> did you would you Yeah, >> we did the the two one >> the the original >> or did you get the Christmas? >> We did. >> Not the Christmas one. Just the original. But we did the one like it's a Mickey chips. Mickey ships inside the restaurant. >> Yeah. >> And the one outside of it. >> The the little one. >> Yeah. Okay. Okay, good. All right, perfect. [music] Did you ride Pirates? >> Yeah, of course. >> Of course. Okay. Haunted Mansion. >> Yep. >> Oh, you This is your first time though seeing the holiday overlay, right? No. Second time. This is the second time. >> Oh, >> because last time we were in California, we were during the Halloween season. >> Oh, so you seen it? >> This time was Christmas. Have you seen >> Next time will be during >> Have you seen it? Not Have you seen the original version? >> No. That's why that's why I think that next time we went we would be in California. We'll be I don't know where >> um but I think it would be during the the spring season. >> Okay. >> Yeah. Like this we can enjoy the park without any festivities. >> Okay. >> And no rain this time. >> And what? >> No rain. No rain. >> Oh, no rain. Yeah, rain. Four days for them. That's all they like they got a lot of rain. That was if you guys remember back when that California had that huge massive rainstorm that came in. These guys are right in the center of that. [laughter] >> But we are French so we know the rain, you know. >> So you're like it's not a big deal. >> Yeah. We went for the We went for the sun and >> we came with the rain. [laughter] >> It's 3:30 in the morning and I cannot sleep. And I noticed in the video when I was editing it, I didn't mention I didn't say thank you or when I was rambling because I'm so tired. I just want you to know how amazing you are. You make the world better. I am talking to you. I'm sorry I forgot to do this message through the day and I'm I'm kind of babbling, but don't give up. You make the world a better place. You are awesome. All right, guys. I'll see you in tomorrow's video. Bye-bye.
