---
video_id: su695RCHVA8
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "I Ate At The NICEST Restaurant At Disneyland Paris And I STILL Had To Put My Food Together"
published: 2026-03-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=su695RCHVA8
---
Oh guys, do you hear that rain bad miserable? Hey everybody, my name is Chris. You're watching Park Pass and I'm going to San Paris, but it is a bad bad rainy day. Oh guys, it is raining hard. I I forgot my umbrella. So, I bought an umbrella. The umbrella I have is interesting, though, because it changes color. It's black and white, but then when it gets wet, the Mickey's on top change color. That's kind of fun. I'll show you that. I'm supposed to be meeting my friend Ludovic and one of his friends. We're going to go to a nice restaurant called Walts. I've never eaten at Walts. It's supposed to be one of the best restaurants here, Disneyland Paris. So, but this is this is just not what you want. Cold wind and cold rain. I don't know how long it'll last today. I just want to lay down and get in a warm bed. Here we are. This is the entrance to Disneyland Paris. And my shoes are wet. Really wet. Oh boy. You'll notice everybody's going through the side entrances because they're covered for rain. But I'm in a hurry. I've got to go right down Main Street to meet my friend. I'm running. It's a titch late. But the one nice thing here is at Disneyland Paris, you can literally walk all the way to Frontier Land covered by the side arcades. See, they're all covered. But I got to go down this way to meet my friend. Oh man, my pants are wet. My shoes are wet. >> Almost there, though. Once I get there, hopefully just kind of dry off a little bit. And that's where I'm headed to. Right there is Walt Restaurant. Straight ahead. We have a reservation. Let's get in there. We are in Walt's restaurant. This is a nice restaurant. And Ludovic has brought some of his friends. >> All right. So, here we are at the restaurant. >> It's a three course meal. And so, you start with your Starbucks dessert. I got the chicken papay. And then I'm having this chili dessert. And then you get a dessert. I'm going to get the pineapple upside down cake. >> I'm being made fun of because I ordered ice. I'm the only one. >> This is Bianca. She's from Germany. >> And then >> this is John. John Stefan. He is a composer, music composer for He does lots of stuff for Disney, everything >> and for this orchestration and for Disney. >> Yes. It's wonderful. >> No ice though. >> No ice. Yeah. >> No ice. >> Too much frozen. >> No ice. And then you know Ludovvic. >> No ice. >> So here we are. >> Thank you so much. >> Okay. So what is this? Is the red cabbage >> stew >> stew. And they came in they poured a little I don't know what they poured on top of it but they poured on something. >> I'm not sure either to be honest but I hope it tastes good. >> Yeah. >> Oh this is the And I ordered the chicken pie. Chicken pie. Chicken pop pie >> like Robin Williams in hook like >> you enjoy your meal >> at musician. >> Okay. So this is the chicken papay but unlike an American chicken papay they did it in >> Yes. >> Say say it just perfectly. >> I'm kind of freaking out. We're having an indepth discussion. >> This is >> Here we go. >> So, >> you were I'm sorry. You were saying Shake Shack is better than In-N-Out. >> Yes. I'm sorry. >> You You agree? >> I'm for the In-N-Out team. >> Oh, you you're In and Out. Okay. >> In and Out. >> Lock it. >> There you go. >> Since 2009. >> I'm sorry. >> Shake Shack. >> Yes. Because I love Smashburgers and they're more smashed. >> And you were saying when the camera wasn't on, just to recap. Yeah. She said that Shake Shack had the best hamburger she's ever had in her life. >> And that In-N-Out was >> In-N-Out was >> mid. >> Just mid. I'm so sorry. >> Mid. >> I'm so sorry. >> It's not from the Midwest. It's from the West Coast. >> Yeah, but it's it's mid. I'm sorry. >> Ludovvic. >> In-N-Out. >> Okay. Okay. >> It's more cheaper. So, it's good. >> This is interesting to me. Oh, >> of course. It's good. >> In and out. >> In and out. Good. >> Yeah. Yeah. So this is what's interesting to me is is um this the world culture. Everybody from the different countries here agree about in except the German. >> I'm sorry. >> All right. I have I have to show our food. So they call this deconstructed Oh. >> Sorry. I'm so sorry. >> That's okay. You're fine. >> Okay. So you ordered the mac and cheese? >> Yes. >> Mac and cheese. Mac and cheese. Both of these people have allergies, so we're be very careful. We have to be very, very careful. >> Weirdos. >> We're weirdos. And then Ludovvic and I got this is So, if you look at this, it looks like a can, a chili can. >> But then, and then there's the little Mickey. >> Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. And inside is chili. And what you're supposed to do is you're supposed to take this can and you mix it. Oh, is he he's doing it? >> Oh, wow. >> Oh, here he goes. Oh my god. This is not social media friendly garbage. >> I've never heard that. >> Class and dity. >> I've never heard that sound before. >> Thank you little bit. You have to mix it all together. The our servers like he says you mix the whole thing like all of it. >> So remember France is known for food and quality and life. Yeah. How >> it is. Yeah. >> Yes. >> It's a It's a >> It's a lovely color. >> Oh, yeah. >> And that's what you do. So, this is what it looks like. This is before. >> Before and after. >> Literally before and after. >> Just >> Okay. So, I I mix I mix mine up. >> Mine seems to be a little more runny than >> also know him. >> Don't interrupt my B- roll. >> I'm brolling right now. >> Rolling. >> This is my plate and I'm done. And then I feel bad. Look at Ludovix is so clean. It's like >> I need a bread for more. >> You need more bread. I like the little Mickey here. >> Okay. She was saying that she's a little patriotic. Let's let's learn about this. This plate is >> Voy. >> Yeah. >> How do you say that again? >> Voy. >> And it's a German company. >> Yeah. >> And they make these plates exclusively for >> Walt restaurant. >> For us to be more precise. >> For what? >> For us. >> Oh, for us. >> They just do >> for us. They use it one time and the other table they don't have it. >> All right. So, I'm learning something. Not quite. >> This is butter, >> right? >> But it's >> French butter. >> D the What does that How do you say that? >> Disney. >> And what does that mean exactly? Coming from >> coming from butter Disney. >> Coming from butter. Disney. And >> Disney. >> It's kind of like a is a play on words that a little bit. No, >> no play on words. It's a city normally. Well, that's the name of the city is is Disney. >> And I think it comes ethmologically from Iceland because >> Oh, okay. >> And they also gave us >> Okay. And they also gave us a little bit of bread. >> Yes. >> And what is this? Says Oh, >> like this. >> Very fresh. >> And then uh you just do that. >> They give you the bread at the end of your meal. >> Yeah. To clean the plates. Oh, it says to clean the plate. >> Save money for, you know, the cleaning dishes. >> Oh, okay. So, we have to use this is our broom to clean the plate. >> I got it. Got it. >> So, this is a real thing. The the bread is to clean your plate. And it's considered very polite to >> clean your plate with the bread. >> Very clean. >> Okay. See, this plate's very It's It shows compliments to the chef if you clean your plate. I mean, this is very very clean. This is clean. >> This is very clean. >> I'm worried. >> Yeah, >> I'm full. I can't eat anymore, but I'm I'm trying. I'm trying. >> This is not good. >> I mean, the food's amazing. >> Yeah, >> this is bad etiquette. >> I cleaned it. >> They're like, "We need the B-roll." So, what is What is this? >> This is >> Wait, I have to say I want to say his name again. Jean Stefon. >> Jean Stefan. >> Jean. >> John Stefan. It's so beautiful. Okay. >> So, this is a mil traditional thing from France. >> Okay. >> Because there are like thousands of sheets like >> 1,000 frits. >> 1,000 frits of layers. 1,000 layers. >> Okay. >> Butter and butter >> and butter and butter >> and Oh, I love the butter. This is the brookie. >> It's brookie. Yes. And it's also vegan. >> It's also vegan. So brookie is like a brownie cookie and it's vegan and they made it with uh yams. Sweet potatoes. >> Sweet potatoes. Yes. >> Yes. >> And then this >> it's a ice cream I think. >> Very very hidden me cake. >> Very very decorated. >> This is the upside down pineapple cake. >> Okay. So this is good. M >> this is fantastic. This is what is it called again? >> I don't even know what that is. >> Mil for you. >> Like me for you >> like thousand nights but you replace thousand nights by layers. >> Thousand thousand layers of butter. >> Yeah. >> It's This is This is so good. That looks good. Looks like it was gone. >> It was >> This looks good. >> The raccoon eat all of >> But this this is the winner for sure. For sure. >> I'm the winner. I know. >> Yeah. I don't know is the winner. >> So this is >> this is our >> it's Disney hotel. >> Disney hotel. >> But if you see it's like more green fudian. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That is very grand. >> It's the first concept of Disney hotel is >> so there was this is a concept art for Discovery Bay and Tony Baxter did this and this is going to be in California but it never came to fruition. But then when when Dan Paris came, they're like, "Oh, we'll take that. We'll take that." And they use a lot of this concept art for Dan Paris. >> Here in the restaurant, they have a bunch of these paintings. This is the first concept art they had for Pinocchio. You see what the original idea was? And that's Jeppetto. Just kidding. And we're now walking down the stairs. By the way, this is the We didn't I we got a ride in the elevator, but I didn't film it. This is the um exact same elevator as in Club 33. So that's fun. Little little bit of trivia for you. And then these are stairs walking down. And this restaurant is very popular. You're going to have to get a reservation if you want to come here. Like it is it is super popular. Very, very good. And I heard the best food is the popcorn soup. And I didn't even see it. Oh, our composer is playing playing some music. This is wait request very difficult song. I love it. >> Do you do you do you remember the song you were playing when I came in? The one I was playing. >> No. >> When I walked in the restaurant, he was playing this. I love it. >> Yeah. Maybe pirates. >> Oh, we're going to go pirates. >> Pirate. >> I was just telling you how tired I want to go to sleep. They're like, "We're going to pirates apparently. My eyes are red. I'm so tired. >> Did you have fun? >> Yes, it was very good. >> Very good. Very good. >> Very good. Did you Did you have a good time? >> Great time. >> Great time. Great time. >> Yeah. >> And I don't care if you had a good time. >> Yeah. >> All right. Apparently, we're going to go do Pirates. Let's go do Pirates. Me, >> too. >> We were going to go to Pirates Caribbean, but the German Bianca's like, "No." Nine nine. >> So, we're not doing that anymore. >> Okay. >> Bianca was showing me. She's like, "This is the rain forecast for tomorrow." >> And I'm But I'm like, "What is that word?" >> So, Mary Poppins and in German. >> She's like, "Oh, that's German. It means raindrops." >> I'm like, "Okay." All right. All right. So, I brought him in cuz we're we're shopping. I'm supposed to go I want to go take a nap, but now we're looking at merchandise. >> Where do you want? >> We're getting this for Amanda. Amanda also Oh, directing traffic. >> This is um Amanda also wants this orange shirt with a Mickey and then the back of it. Let's see if I can show the back. She likes the back. She likes things that say where she's been. So, this says Disney Paris. She loves that. >> Paris success. >> Yeah. And then there's this is like a tracksuit with like it says Disney Paris down the side, but I don't think they have her size in that. But we'll look. We got the very last one in the small for Amanda. And uh yeah, that's the thing about coming here to Paris is such fun merchandise. All right, guys. I am coming back. Well, coming back to the hotel. It's raining really bad and my feet are soaking wet. I had a great time at that restaurant, but uh I'm going to go back. I'm also a little tired. I kind of want to get warmed up. Oh, I'll show you. You can see the river. The raindrops dibbled dibbled up. Dibbled dibbled up. We're walking back here. Okie dokies. Okie dokies. Are you chokies? So, at the hotel that I'm staying at, you put your hotel key card into a little slot that turns electricity on. And then as you leave, you grab that hotel key card and turns all lights off and everything. Well, this morning I walked right out and left that little hotel key card in the um in the slot. So, I don't have my I don't have a key. And I saw some like cleaning ladies, but they says they can't open the door. So, I have to now go to the front desk to get a a key card again because I am in it. All right, we're back in the lobby. Let's go get a key card. Okay, got my key card, which is good. Um, so like I got to have lunch today with my friend Ludovvic and then um Sean Stefon. He is a music composer conductor and composer for Disney like the music you hear in a lot of the uh attractions or around the park. He's the one that composes. He's a music composer. He does that music. And then Bianca, who's from Germany, she um has a German blog and was invited down to the Frozen World premiere as well. So, it was nice to It was always nice to meet new people. Okay, just walking to the hotel room. My feet are wet. Oh, look at that. Look at that window. See a little cowboy silhouette right there. That's interesting. Is there another silhouette? Nope. Okay, let's walk on. This is a great little area. I mean, I love this hotel. Just wish the weather was a little bit better today. It's cold and rainy. Turn here. Head through. Do you like the aesthetics? I think it's just cute. It's a little twostory like a motel and um but they each of the little houses are different colors. They look like they're each one looks like they're their own unique building when in fact it's just one long building. I think it's great. Here we are. My friend Jonathan watched my other video. I said, "I love Butch Cassidy." He's like, "I love Butch Cassidy, too. One of my favorites. Such a good You think you used enough dynamite there, Butch?" If you haven't seen it, you should really watch it. It's a great movie. What I think is um I think Quinton Tarantino should do a remake of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. And I think Leonardo DiCaprio should play Butch Cassidy and I think Ryan Gosling should play the Sundance Kid. And Quinton Tarantino always has such snappy dialogue cuz they talk a lot in the picture. I think he would be really good. That's my dream. I don't know how I don't know if anybody knows Quint Tarantino. Please tell him to make do a remake of Butch Cass and his kid with Leonardo and Ryan Gosling. Okay, Calamity Jane. Let's get into our room so I can talk to you guys. All right, I just got my room. First I got to do is put my umbrella cuz it's sping wet and I got to take these shoes off because my shoes are just sping wet. Okay, I'm I'm back here at my hotel and I just want to take a quick little brief moment so I could talk to you. And I am talking to just you right now. So whatever you're doing, if you just stop, listen to me because this message is for you. You are important. You are amazing. You matter. You absolutely matter. And you make the world a better place. I am talking to you because I want you to know the world's better because of you. It really is. And if you're going through some difficult times, it will get better. All right, guys. I'll see you in our next video. Let's hope it stops raining. It's raining again. Uhoh. I wish it would stop raining in Disney Paris. Uh-oh. I wish the rain would go away. Uhoh. What a fun day. It was fun to be with my friends and meet new friends and eat really good food even though I had to mix it all up. Deconstructed chili. Hey, if you want to become a Patreon, you will not regret it. Click the link down below and become a pros park pass patron. You will get extra videos and your name on this amazing end card.
