---
video_id: o7kOq3Clulg
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Disneyland Paris FULL Experience & SECRETS! A Perfect Day UNTIL TRAGEDY Struck"
published: 2026-03-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7kOq3Clulg
---
Hi, I'm going to take you along my day at Disneyland Paris as someone who is from not only out of town but out of the country. >> It's going to be a lot of fun and hopefully I'm going to be able to share some tips with you. You know what to expect at one of the most magical places on Earth. >> So, I'm going to try to teach you guys something. If you learned something new, if it was good advice, if you appreciated it, please let me know. I would love to hear from you. You can just comment like I learned something or learned something or I'm really glad that you did this video. this video. All right, let's go. My first tip is starting out your day early with an incredible breakfast. If you're staying on property, the park opens early for you for a little extended early magical morning. And my favorite place to fuel up is the Golden Forest Lounge at the Sequoa Lodge. It's a buffet, so you can get a ton of food, get fueled up before you start your day. Okay, so this is the Golden Forest Lounge at the Sequoa Lodge. Oh, it's so good. This place has so many great memories for me. I love it. This is a really good way to kind of fuel up and start your day. We just walked through Disney Village. On the left is Studios, which is now Disney Adventure World. Disneyland Paris is through the hotel. And they've got the gates. You can start lining up for early entry. Now, everyone's over there. I don't know why they're not coming over here. There's no one over here. So, we're going to come to this gate. Such a pretty morning. And it's 7:50 in the morning for reference. And these are the crowds. An early entry should begin at 8:30. 7:55 the mad dash to Disneyland. But then we have to go through the gate. All right, number one at the gate. I love this. I love stuff like this. Like being here first makes me so happy. The park to yourself, even if it's just for a few extra moments, it's magical. So, they let us in at 8:30. There's a couple ways to do rope drop strategy. We usually do Peter Pan and then Big Thunder or Space Mountain. Today we're doing Space Mountain. Okay. But plans don't always go according to plan. So I was able to get in, but then the gates So it was like me and someone else got in on these gates and then the gates just stopped working for everyone. So my friend can't get in, no one else can get in. And then all the early entry people are shuffling in right now. And that is a bummer cuz you know when you wake up early and you're to the gate early and you do everything that you can and then it's broken and they won't let you in but like everyone else is going in. That is a bummer. So sometimes your perfect plans go horribly arrive at no fault of your own. Maybe even at the fault of your own but stuff happens. Okay, we finally got in. The ticket counter was broken for our side, which is such a bummer, but they got it working. It was just like one of those unlucky things. But it's 8:35, so now we're going to space. Discovery Land. They're Tomorrowland. They have Autotopia over there. Um, Space Mountain. This is always Hyper Space Mountain. So, it's Star Wars. And this is such a great roller coaster because it shoots you off right there in that tunnel. And then there's Corkstrew. It's a great roller coaster. Woohoo. Walk on. Oh, this is the best. Get to walk right on. That is the best Space Mountain. It is such a blast. And I also have terrible, terrible sad news. I think my Disneyland Paris Space Mountain journey has come to a close. It's finished. It's over. I actually got sad and emotional. I was like, that is the end. I don't think I will ever be on that roller coaster ever again. There was a moment where I was like, and then I was fine. But I don't want to take that chance ever again. And it's so good. It's such a good roller coaster. So that makes me want to cry. >> Hello darkness, my old friend. >> There's a train. There is. >> Oh, there is a train. Well, we should ride it. >> Let's ride the train. I don't think I've ever been on the train. >> We should go. We should go. >> Yesterday we were like, is there a train at Disneyland? Not just Casey Junior train. And there is. Oh, I'm crying. I have huge bags under my eyes. We're running off fumes. But we're here. We now booked it over to Frontier Land which is across on the other side of the park. But it's 8:57 right now and our goal is to get Big Thunder done and it's like the two huge mega roller coasters are out of the way for the day. You definitely want to do them. You cannot miss either of those roller coasters. Unless you get motion sick like I do. Like look how pretty it is. Ah, it's on its own island. Big Thunder right now is already an hour wait. So this one is super super popular. Um, the park is just opening. It's 9:00 a.m. now. And this is their frontier land. We made it and it was only about a 354 minute wait, so that is excellent. It said 60 and we still got through uh very quickly. I love this roller coaster so much. It is the best Big Thunder Mountain Railroad in the entire world. Hands down. No contest. It's the number one. It's so fun. It's so wild to try in the wilderness. Now going into Adventure Land. If you go to the left, it's Indiana Jones roller coaster, which probably going to skip. It's just a little It's a little jarring. It's kind of like the one in Tokyo or Yeah, maybe it's Tokyo. Um, but this one is a little bit more rough. So, we're going to head over to Pirates of the Caribbean. And just Paris actually has an excellent Pirates of the Caribbean. These little areas right here, the treehouse, and then it kind of comes back by the pirate ship, and there's a ton of fun caves to explore. Great for little kids. They love that area. See caves. Kids love scary, dark places. It's now 10 a.m. and it's only a 10-minute wait. So, we've done awesome. >> I love their pirates. It's solid. And I love that it's a reverse story line. So, it's very similar, but it has a unique twist to it. and their captain Barbosa is incredible. Now we're heading into Fantasy Land. Um we are going to do Small Worlds probably. One thing that I wanted to talk about is we have skipped the lines from the early access today. If you don't have that or if you get late or if you just want to skip the lines, they have premier access pass. So you can buy the whole day which varies in price. Um I saw one day was €9, but I think it can be a lot more expensive than that. You just want to check. You can buy that for the day or you can get a single line that you purchase and you just purchase one ride at a time. You just do it on the app. It's super easy. This is the line for Peter Pan. Peter Pan is super super popular here at Disneyland Paris. It's one of their most popular attractions. People love it. Their fantasy land I think is so whimsical and beautiful. It's maybe my favorite fantasy land. I think it's so pretty. And they have the Queen of Hearts maze which is a blast for kids and adults. And it has a gorgeous view of the whole park from up in the tower if you can make it to the tower. So pretty. What a wonderful thing to do is the Alice and Wonderland Queen of Hearts maze. You can see the maze. Then you can walk up to the tower and get a full view of Disneyland Paris. We need a flower appreciation moment. So take a moment. Take a deep breath. Ah, you guys, the flowers smell so good. their tulips right now, which is not going to last forever. Look how beautiful it is. The grounds and the plants, the trees, the shrubbery, everything at Disneyland Paris is so beautiful. Oh my gosh, look at the colors. The colors. The colors. The colors. Coming up on Small World. So darling. Such a great job. Now the crowds are definitely coming in today. It's getting a little crowded. So I'm so glad we did the big heavy hitters in the morning and now we can do off the beaten path stuff. I love their small world. The props are so fun. They're just like bubbly bubbly and cartoony. You almost feel like you're in Toontown. It's really cute. They do a phenomenal job here. Like I love love love all of the different designs, the set designs. Are you guys learning stuff about Disneyland Paris? Loved it here. I love it here. Okay, my next tip, what I'm doing right now is popcorn. I love the popcorn here because you can get sweet or salty or mix them together. It's not butter. They don't have butter on their popcorn here, but they um I think that's pretty normal. You guys can correct me if I'm wrong, but we were talking to our friend Ludovic and I think it was like Oh, it's more like a popcorn with salt where in America, in the States, we like butter the crap out of our popcorn. I butter the crap out of it. Guys, popcorn is like my favorite thing in the world. I wish I could go back over to the new Adventure Way area. I wish I could get that popcorn latte again. I'm going to be dreaming about that until I I get back here. I cannot even handle it. But okay, the popcorn. Sweet, salty. I'm going to get a mix of both. This is a great treat. A great graband go treat. I haven't even showed you the popcorn. Just been showing my tired, exhausted, haggarded, disheveled face. You don't want to see that anymore. You want to see something good. Those are sultry and delicious and salty and sweet. Let me show you. This is not me. La. This is it. This is the good, delicious, sweet and salty treat dessert of a snack. Look, look at that, darling. It just looks so French. M yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum. Now, if you guys are not learning anything, I hope you're still just enjoying yourself, thank you for spending your time with me at Disneyland Paris. And if you're not learning anything and you're also not enjoying yourself, and if you just write nope in the comments, so help me. So help me. I'm going to come over and toss a popcorn fluff in your face. Let's keep going. I love Disneyland Paris. Yay. I'm happy. I wish Chris and Miles were here. I miss them so much. We have so many beautiful, incredible memories at Disneyland Paris. It's very, very, very special. Now, a tip that I'm going to give, which is a weird one, and it's going to sound like a negative, and I don't mean it as a negative. I mean it so you're prepared. Disneyland Paris. People come here and they're like, "Oh, it's not very clean, or it seems like some of the stuff is run down a little bit, or it seems like the cast members are mean." Like, if you are just aware and prepared that you're in Europe, there's um differences in cultures, there's differences in kind of like, you know, personality differences. It's not a bad thing. It's not a bad thing at all, but if you're prepared for it, you're going to be fine. You're going to do great. So, if you come and you think it's going to be like Disneyland California and the cast members are going to be acting like that or things are going to be, you know, to it's just different. Like, I hope I'm making sense. But if you're prepared for the culture, for the experience, then you are going to love it. One thing you have to do is go inside Sleeping Beauty's castle, walk upstairs, and you have the story of Sleeping Beauty. And it's cute. There's some hidden details and secrets like these guys right here that are sleeping. the guards. One is pink, make it pink, and one is blue, make it blue. And they really pop if you take their picture. Then after you walk upstairs, see the story of Sleeping Beauty. Then you have to go downstairs. And that is the real treat of Disneyland Paris. And it is a treat. What you need to do is then go back downstairs, go to the main area, walk outside the castle, and go to the left of the castle. You're going to find a cavern. Walk into the cave and go back. It's very dark inside, but trust me on this. Keep walking until you see the dragon. That's right. Disneyland Paris has a dragon, and it is absolutely phenomenal. I mean, dragons are real, but this one is real. Like, I mean, it's not real, but like, it is real. It is real. It's a real dragon. It's the only Disney park in the world that has a dragon under the castle. And it's one of my favorite things about Disneyland Parish. You cannot miss it. More beautiful tulips. The white in front of the castle. I adore all of these flowers. Oh, look. That one has a little bit of purple on it. He's like, I'm trying to stand out. Stand out above the crowd. I'm so excited to do the train. I've never done the train before. And I love this because we weren't even sure if there was a train here, and there is. Fullblown train. This is a real train. I love the train rides. We were just talking about how it's a great little break, especially if it's getting hot. They're getting tired. It's a good reset ride. >> Okay, so I heard the train was really nice, but I still wouldn't know because I fell asleep. >> But it was great. >> I heard it was very nice. I heard it was lovely. I bet it's nice. >> It's got a little bit of original, right? The animals. the animals, the music, the sounds, and it went through pirates. >> Yes. You like look down into the pirates ride. It's really cool. That would be amazing. This is my first time on the train, and yeah, I still can't tell you what it was like, but sounds very nice. And I'm at the Eiffel Tower meeting. >> And I'm back in Disneyland. So, if you want to go to um the Eiffel Tower, the train is right here. The train station is right here next to Disneyland Paris. I should have filmed my experience. I know. I know. But full disclosure, hold this with me, all right? You can laugh at me, you can make fun of me, but I am a chicken. I am >> chicken. >> And I was like, I don't want to be holding my phone around the Eiffel Tower and look and stand out. Stand out above the crowd. So, I did not film anything because I'm chicken. I was like trying to blend in, but if you want to go, that's something you can do. Okay, let's check out some merchandise, you guys. So Chris got me this. This is like the unofficial Disneyland Paris uniform lately. Everyone loves it. They've gone crazy over it. It's the Sorcerer Mickey. Mickey's Apprentice. And I adore it. But let's go look at more stuff. Lots and lots of plushies. Oh, so fun. Children love plushies. Adults love plushies. Plushies everywhere. Whatever you guys like and see, let me know. Okay, these might be kind of unique and stand out. I I don't even know. I guess it'll keep your head really warm. The bow on top and then they have mini keep your head warm because it is really cold. It is cold at Disneyland Paris. That's something to keep in mind is it gets super cold here. Okay, I love that because it says Paris in the back. That's another tip for you that I just snuck in there. Disneyland Paris can be freezing cold. It is beyond packed in here. It's 6:00 p.m. and it is super packed. Wow. Stitch is super popular at Disneyland Paris. Our son got the Stitch onesie that you see over there and he wears it all the time. He actually loves it. The Stitch Spirit jersey. >> Lots of Stitch stuff. This I like. I think it has Mickey on the back. Let's see. It does. Mickey on the back. The white one has Minnie, but I like my fleece better. These spirit jerseys are the classics. So, this is what I have. And I've worn it so much the lettering is starting to crack and fall apart, but I I wear it all the time. Like once a week probably. These sweaters are very cute. And then they've got these jackets up here that I like because it has the black lettering and I like that. That really pops. Classic Disneyland Paris stuff. Fleece. So, this is the same style as the skirt jersey, but it's fleece. I love that. I really love that cute backpack, but it has to say Disneyland Paris. That one does. Good job. Grumpy and a grumpy fleece. Interesting. Grumpy must be kind of popular here. Okay, I found some stuff that I liked. Nothing that I really loved. Like I love this. Now, let's take a moment for this castle. This is the prettiest prettiest Disney castle. Little castle appreciation moment. Oh, I love it so much. I love it. Look at those square cube trees. I love the trees. This castle is just perfection. >> Well, actually, I don't I don't think I would say it was perfect because I actually wish it was Belle's castle because she's from France. I think that would be so sweet. Sleeping Beauty already has a castle. It would be great to give Belle one in France. So, maybe that's the only thing I would change about this. Speaking about how it gets cold at Disneyland Paris, it gets cold. So, I pack thermals, gloves, beanies. Especially in the morning and at night, even in the summertime, it can get really chilly. Oh, and hot hands, too. I put hot hands um in my backpack and use them as needed. For food at Disneyland Paris, I have thoughts, but this is my first time at this restaurant where we're eating tonight. We just kind of stumbled on it. It's an adventure land. Um and this just looks like basic theme park food, but I'll tell you my favorites in just a minute. I found the hot chocolate you have to have. This is it. Sometimes at Disney Paris, they have food carts out and they have hot chocolate at the food carts. That's delicious hot chocolate. Super thick. You can see it like swirling around um to keep like you know it from thickening up. It's it's really good hot chocolate when they have it out. But they don't always have those food carts out. So what you need to do is come to Disney Village. I don't know how to say this. Le compor. I don't know how to say that. This right here, their hot chocolate. He said it's Parisian hot chocolate. He said it's very his words were um Parisian hot chocolate. I think he said very strong, which to me means like it's a perfect kick of flavor. And when I'm telling you, it's so good, you guys. It is so good. So, if you can see how thick it is. Can you see that? See how it's like warm pudding? This is the kind of hot chocolate I like. This is what you need to have. This right here. Oh my gosh. This is what dreams are made of. Like this Paris hot chocolate. Look at the whipped cream. Oh my gosh. Oh, unreal. Oh, so good. It is so It is warm chocolate pudding. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. You guys have no idea how much I love hot chocolate. This is amazing. This is amazing. We've had good hot chocolate here in Paris. It's always good. The whipped cream is always good. The specialties like you know different flavors and stuff are always good. But this is it. This is it. Disney Village right here. They also have lots of yummy like pastries, macarons. Good little find. I'm so happy I found this. This my Oh, shoot. Oh my gosh. No. I need to stop talking and start eating. This is so sad. Oh my gosh. What have I done? What have I done? Rest in peace, whipped cream. I'm so sorry. >> Hello, darkness, my old friend. >> Look at my whipped cream. >> I had an incident. I had a horrible incident. >> What happened to it? >> I think it's just melting. So, I have to hurry and eat it. Everyone say rest in peace. darkness. >> So, this is absolutely tragic and devastating. Look at that. Yeah, it's melting fast. This is so freaking good. It's really hot. >> Okay. >> And just like that, it's night time at Disneyland Paris. And Disneyland Paris in the evening is just so magical. Now, I could be wrong. I could be at the wrong Disney park. So, Chris will correct me if I'm wrong or you guys correct me in the comments. But one something at one of the Disney parks in the world that I don't remember which one. I think it's this one has the same silhouette as the castle at Disneyland. I think that's it. I could be totally wrong. So don't quote me on that. But let's continue. Our evening is almost done. And I had a lot of questions about um food. As a vegetarian, I'm going to talk about Okay, a couple more things about food. So food here, especially if you're a vegetarian, they have options on the menu that's vegan. They usually have one or two options. It is, you know, kind of there's not a lot of variety, I feel like, especially if you have a limited diet. Um, but check the menus because there's a little vegan green vegan sign if you're looking for things that are vegetarian. Some people are really picky about having meat touch their food. If you're picky about that, then you're not going to like this. But my favorite food offering at Disneyland is the croak mishia, which I can't even pronounce. I can't even say it. But it's a a toasty with cheese and it's so delicious and they put ham or turkey on it and I just pick it off. If you don't like that having your meat touch, then that's not going to be an option for you. But if you don't mind, that's my favorite. That's my favorite food here. And it's right at the market house deli right there. And you can sit and eat and enjoy your sandwich. Disney Paris is unreal at night. That castle, man. Man, man, man. And look at the pink trees. Again, something with Disney Paris. And the colors, the colors are perfect. I hope you guys have had fun with me today. It's been fun having you here and I hope you learned some uh cool valuable tips. I probably missed it a lot because I am super tired and my brain is super scrambled, but I hope it was entertaining enough or you learned something enough. But if you have questions, leave them in the comments. I will answer them personally for you guys. I would love love love to. Now, our last thing for the night is their incredible evening show. They have a ton of drones. I can't wait to show you and be there soon. The show is just starting and this is crazy. These crowds like it's it's insane. There's nowhere to stand, nowhere to go, nothing. Oh, it's so pretty though. Oh my gosh. I'm falling. I'm falling. This is This is a little wild. This is a little much. >> That's pretty on the building. >> Some punch back and do representation, which is great being in France. >> I am trying so hard to show you guys this, but there's this big kid on his dad's shoulders filming right in front of the castle. This is This is crazy. Like there is no crowd control here. It is the wild wild west and it's on a real. But the show's pretty cool though. Look at that. You're going to just have to see the show through another cell phone. You have a a video inception there. Can it see? Can you see it? How's it look? >> The drones have finally come out. Yay. That is so cute. I love this too. That's incredible. This is so so fantastic. They just do an incredible job using drones, fireworks, fire, water, sight, sound. Amazing. Like very theatrical. Wo. Embrace it and pass. Wow. Wow. Disneyland Paris and their shows. They know how to do shows. If you guys haven't seen the show from yesterday when we were previewing um the world of Frozen and the new Adventure Gateway area, there cascade of light shows. That is freaking phenomenal, too. So, they just they use everything. They really go above and beyond with their show productions. This one was definitely like one of the more dramatic, you know, heartfelt type of shows. Um, that's, you know, it's the songs and you feel the drama and you feel the emotion. And it was super long, too. It like kept going and going and going, which is great because you feel like, hey, I waited a long time or I waited in these crowds. they want a good show, they put on a good show. Um, it is very crowded. So, that is a little tip for you. If you want a good seat, if you want a good viewing spot, you want to line up a little bit early. We just got in right at the very, very, very beginning of it, and it was a little sketchy, but it was still fun. It was still so fun. Thanks for spending the day. If you guys have questions, please leave them in the comments below, and I will respond to you personally. Bye. Ah, the mass exodus of people. Oh my gosh, this is so cool. Goodbye, Disneyland Paris. See you real soon. >> I love Disneyland Paris so much. It's so beautiful. They have amazing roller coasters and popcorn and hot chocolate in Disney Village. It's a beautiful park with lots of pretty colors. The colors. The colors. Everyone say hi to my friend Jamie for making an appearance in this video today. And thank you Patreon so much. We love you. We cannot do these videos without you. Here's to many more fun videos coming right up soon.
