---
video_id: MHLk4NDguyE
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Adam The Woo Celebration Of Life Details. How Do You Process Grief?"
published: 2026-03-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHLk4NDguyE
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris. You're watching Park Pass. Today's video is going to be a little harder for me to make. I'm going to be talking about my good friend Adam the Woo and the celebration of life that's going to be coming up here in a couple days. As you can see, I'm down here at Disneyland. I thought this is the best place for me to to talk about Adam. Oh, there goes Huh. Perfect time. There goes the Montreal. Looks like a Montreal Bob sled has been stuck up there. They're probably in the sun waiting to go. They're still stuck. Still stuck. All right. So, before I get really into the heart of this video, I just want to say this. There's really no right or wrong way to process grief. Grief is the worst feeling. And if you've never processed it, if you've never lost a loved one, somebody super close to you, it's hard to imagine what it's like. And um it's I think it's easier for people to criticize how people process grief, but for some people they are more vocal, more public about it. I think it's feels good to them to relive those memories. And for other people, they're quiet about it and they don't like to talk about it maybe. And and then I think there's all these different ways that people can process grief. I tend to be more on the quiet side about it. Um, for me it's difficult to talk about to talk about the passing of a loved one or a friend. Um, it makes my heart hurt. It makes me feel uncomfortable. It gives me a stomach ache. Um, my jaw clenches and I hate it. So, Adam the Woo was a good friend of mine and he passed away unexpectedly on December 22nd. And we are doing a celebration for life for Adam on March 8th. >> It's the venue's it's completely sold out. Was it when I say sold out, it they it was free. It's free, but all the tickets are gone immediately. All the tickets were gone. Um, if you would like to watch it though, you can. You'll be able to watch it. Uh, Adam's dad is going to live stream the event. I'll put a link down in the description to Adam Dad's channel and on Sunday, March 8th, you'll be able to watch the live stream. There are no more seating for people to sit at and come out to the van. It's completely full. Um, and so many people have been working on this. Uh, they're like they're putting their time and talents into it and everybody's just donating their time and talents to do this. Uh, it's cuz we want to honor our friend Adam. So, back to to grief. >> Um, and I'll talk about the memorial a little more in a moment, but I don't know. I don't really know how to process this. So, when I first heard that Adam passed away, um we kind of there's a group of us collectively decided to make a video and talk about it right as it happened. Um that was good to kind of help ease the burden on Adam's family, right? Cuz they were getting bombarded with questions and we're like, well, we can help out and distribute some of that information so they weren't constantly being bombarded. And then um I really haven't said anything since then. I did make one more video about just about the memorial about Adam's memorial coming up and how he's we're having this celebration of life. And I like to say memorial. It's a big celebration of life for Adam. And so I made a video, but it I think this might be for me it's difficult to talk about and um it makes me feel uncomfortable. I' just been wandering down here to It's a small world. I didn't even I didn't realize I was walking this way. Let's just uh maybe head to Tomorrowland. Okay, so let's get back to this memorial for uh this celebration of life for Adam. It's going to be on March 8th and we are going to have some speakers there uh some people who are close to Adam. We're have some video clips from Adam's other family and friends. Adam's family is going to be present. This is a way for a lot of people, I think, to have some closure and be able to kind of say goodbye to Adam in their own way. I do ask that you guys at this time are kind to his family. Don't hound his family. Uh this is something that you know that's just their son was you know had to lay their son to rest and they're processing that grief. Their brother you know they're processing this grief. So, we're trying to do this and there was some people who were like, "Well, why aren't you guys doing it in Florida or why I'll have you know that we're doing this at this at the the venue we're doing it at, Garden AMP Theater. They they reached out and they volunteered. They're like, "Hey, so nice of them." And people have been donating um their time to do this. It's been really nice. And I understand that the people in Florida are a little sad by this. They're like, "Well, we wanted it here in Florida. I get that. But this is the place that we're able to do it here is in California." It will be live streamed. And then once it's done being live streamed, I'm sure that Adam's dad will probably post a video of the uh celebration of Adam's life for all to see. So, no matter where you are on March 8th at noon Disneyland time, you can log into the live stream and you can watch it. You can have watch parties with your family and friends. You can be alone. Um, just however you want to enjoy that celebration of life of our good friend Adam. You're welcome to do that. Uh, join that live stream. And that's also really the best way to support Adam's family. uh uh Adam's dad's channel and you could follow along and subscribe to his channel. It's a I feel like I'm in a weird place to be honest with you to talk about Adam. And the reason I feel that way is there's a lot of people like and like I said, you could celebrate and have grief for a person and everybody will process that grief differently. And so yes. Oh, hi. Okay. I can't even remember saying. Uh, anyways, I was talking about I think processing grief. The thing about it is, oh, I have a funny memory of Adam coming up here. It's so >> Adam and I would hang out quite a bit. And one time we were here at Disneyland, and this right here is like the entrance to uh the Star Wars launch bay. Hi. Oh, people calling. Hi. And this is the Star Wars launch van. One time, Adam and I were coming to the Star Wars launch van. The whole reason we wanted to do this is we wanted to meet Darth Vader and get a photo. Um, and this is also the uh, you know what, they have it. I have it. Let's do this. So, Adam brought me here to we went up to the DVC lounge and and he would always take me to DVC lounge. I think he loved doing that. you know, it was kind of fun. Get to hang out there. And then um after we got done saying DVC lounge, we came down and we decided they have this uh photo op for uh Vader and it was so fun. I wish we would have had a whole video of it, but we were just hanging out and right as we get in line, Darth Vader walks out and he points at us. He's like, "Join me, shall you?" And I was like, "Oh my gosh." We're laughing. We get in and Darth Vader asked me, he's like, "Who do you support, the Empire or the Rebels?" I'm like, "Oh, Empire all the way." I love Empire. And Adam was like, "Let's see here." Adam was like, "Oh, I support the Rebels." Darth Vader just started ripping. Let's see here. How do I find this? I'm a little bit lost here. And Darth Vader started ripping at him apart. It was a highlight. Oh my gosh. I'm sorry. It was such a good memory. >> Oh my gosh. We're going to pull ourselves together. We're going to meet Lord Vader. >> Perhaps another young link for our future. >> Young L right here. >> Okay. All right. >> Oh my gosh. Hello. >> Come closer. >> Yes. >> Oh, this is amazing. It's a pleasure to meet you, Lord Vader. >> Take your place. >> Yes. Right. Okay. >> Is it true that you have aided the escape of a fugitive rebel spy? >> No, that's not true at all. I support the I support the Empire. I'm a big big fan of the Empire. >> Ah, then I will inform the Emperor that he is mistaken. Or perhaps I should let you tell him yourself. >> Oh, no, no, no. But I do support the Empire. Go Empire. My gosh. >> Correct. >> Thank you. Oh, perfect. Thank you, Lord Vader. That's awesome. Thank you so much. >> Scans on our devices for you. >> Yes, that'd be wonderful. Thank you so much. >> Have the Disney app. >> Thank you. Oh, yes. Yes, I do. I have a I have a Oh. It's intimidating. Hang on. Anyways, um so Darth Vader's like, "Join me, shall you?" And then he just started ripping Adam apart and making fun of Adam because I like the Empire and Adam said like rebel side. And then we didn't really get on video cuz we're just I mean we were laugh I had tears coming out. I was laughing so hard. Um and the very end I finally turned on the camera and um Darth Vader got on the camera and I was like, "Oh my gosh, Darth Vader thinks I'm awesome. He thinks Adam's can't remember what he said. He's like, he thinks Adam's an idiot." And Darth Vader's like, "Correct." And I'll show that video clip right now. We found out Lord Vader told us that Adam is he's your disappointment. >> Correct. >> Correct. >> Dang. Highlight of the day. Highlight of the day. >> Vader. >> I got tears in my eyes, you guys. It was awesome. Vader's in there. He was just ripping Adam up and down. He was loving me. He >> hated me. It >> was awesome. We had a part of the Rebel Alliance. >> Yeah, cuz you're part of the Rebel Alliance. But we walked in the uh the guy's like, what do you say? He's like, "Will you shall you?" >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> You didn't join me. >> Shall you? It's hard because I you bottle up the emotions. Um, and you, like I said, I don't know what the proper way to grieve somebody is. My personal philosophy is this. My experience with grief is >> is that >> I try to live my life in a way >> so that the loved ones who I've lost that they look down on me and they're happy. I don't think that they would want me sad. I don't think that they would want me to uh >> Yes. Yes. Hi. >> All right. What I was saying is I think that I tried to live my life in a way that lets my family members and my friends who've passed know that I want to make them proud. I guess is what I'm trying to say. I want to make them proud. And I I think that they don't want me just sitting on my butt doing nothing. I think they don't want me uh they know that I love them and that I miss them. They want me to go out and squeeze every last drop out of my life. They want me to go out there and and have a good life full of experiences, heartaches, excitement, all of it. They want me to experience all of that. That's what I believe. And so that's what I try to live my life that way. I do have a little bit of a problem where I tend to bottle up my emotions. Um, I don't know if I'll ever do maybe some I can't say never, but >> I don't know if I'll ever do another video talking about Adam again because it's so hard. Maybe as time passes I'll be able to come back and revisit it. But it's was so unexpected and Adam touched so many lives and I miss him. and he was just my friend. And the thing about Adam is he had so many friends. I I mean, and I just felt honored to be included in that. We got to go to a lot of baseball games together, go to go hiking and um I Disney, how many dinners have we had together? And for those of you who maybe never had chance to meet him, he was kind and he was generous with his time. >> Um, and he was >> he was fun to be around >> and he was quirky and uh he people he was charismatic. People were drawn to him and they wanted to be around him and uh it's it was a gift. It was a gift. And he did something that like nobody nobody understood the YouTube world when he started doing YouTube. Like nobody understood it. And everybody's like they're like you're going to do what? You're going to live in a van and you're going to do videos? Why would you do that? And there's a lot of doubt. I'm not going to say criticism or backlash, but I think there's just a lot of doubt on what Adam what he could do. Adam's like, you know, I can always wake up at 6:00 in the morning. I can make a video and I can do that. And he did. He was just a go-getter that way. Now, my experience with Adam, so a lot of Adam's friends knew Adam before he was a YouTuber. I met Adam, but when by the time I met Adam, he was already established in the world of YouTubing and and uh he was he was >> quite I think it was like a celebrity, right? And >> when he came and approached Amanda and I, we were sitting at Disney California Adventure and he started walking towards us. My wife saw him. She's like, "Oh my gosh, here comes Adam. I didn't even know how to act." I was like, "Try Oh my gosh." Hold on a second. This is a really good looking couple. I'm going to I'm going to videotape them. I'm just going to They are so Let me Let's go do a little little round shot. Hey guys. Oh my gosh. Magic Journeys. They're great. I don't know if you follow their YouTube channel. You should. Uh, they got the best food reviews and they're such likable people. They were actually with me. That's Miguel and he is the one that helped me at Adam's funeral when I needed a little extra motivational emotional support. It was him. Anyways, I honestly can't remember what I was even talking about. I think I was talking about Adam and so he came over. Adam started walking over to us and my wife Amanda is like, "Here comes Adam." And I literally was like star struck and I was like trying to be cool. I didn't know how to do it. And I was like, do I put my hand out or I just act like do I act like I don't know who he is even though I really did know who he is. I mean, I didn't know what to do. I was just trying to be cool. And he just walks over. He's like, "Hey, I think it's time that we got to know I think it's time we met." And we chitchated and talked and he said to me, he's like, "Hey, are you going to go to the Walt Disney 50th celebration, the 50th anniversary?" And I said, "Yeah." Yeah. I said, "Man and I have been thinking about it, but we, you know, he's like, "Have you bought your tickets yet?" I'm like, "No." He's like, "Oh, you got to buy your tickets. You got to buy your tickets." Hi. How are you guys? Hi. Walking down here. I walk down to Let's go down to Bio Country. Anyways, Adam ended up we exchanged our information and then a couple days later, maybe about a week or so later, I get a text from Adam and Adam's like, "Hey, have you bought your tickets yet for the Walt Disney 50th 50th anniversary? He goes, "Dude, you got to do it now." He goes, "It's going to sell out." And I was just shocked. I was like, and literally because he reminded me, I was like, "You're right. I had it." So, I literally went out and bought my tickets to go to the Walt Disney 50 celebration. And I just couldn't believe that he would text me that. I was just shocked. And I went down to Florida and I and he was in Florida and I texted him. I'm like, "Hey, Adam, I'm down here." And for the first while, I would text Adam like, "Hey, I'm going to be at Epcot tonight." And he's like, "Okay," and he would say this, "I'm done filming, but can I come over and hang out?" And I was like, "Yeah, absolutely." And we would just hang out. And neither one of us really film. Uh we just hang out. And I just enjoyed being in his company so much. And we had so much fun. And we would laugh a lot and and it was just like a really good time. And I remember one time I had never been on Figments. Was it I don't even know what the ride's name is at Epcot. Uh Figments Journey Imagination. I don't know what the ride's called. And uh Adam would always make fun of me cuz he always say, "You're a Disneyland guy." I'm like, "I am a Disneyland guy. I don't really know Walt Disney World." And he always told me he's like, "You're getting there, though." and he took me on this journey to imagination and there's a part if you've never been on it there's a part um at the yen you go through all like you go through sight smells and one of them is sounds and you walk in and you don't walk in you're on a car and they have like a horns like like a fog horns like and it's bright lights and it startles you well I didn't know that that was going to happen cuz I' never been on the ride but Adam did. And Adam was sitting next to me and he had his camera like secretly pointing at me. And when that jump scare came that he took a picture and I was like scared and he laughed and he would do this. How do I How do I do this? Adam would do this thing where he would like when he start laughing, he would like kind of get like physical touchy. See if I can do it. >> Hang on. So, pretend that I'm Adam. Like, this would be me. He would like he would like slap you and like just laugh and and I miss it, you know? I miss it. But and he would have this funny Sorry about that. That was a a friend of mine and he actually was helped out with the um Disneyland Paris the Frozen Land and uh he was like, "Are you going to the preview?" I said, "I'm going to be there." He's like, "Oh my gosh." So talk about anyways talking about Adam. Adam would get like he would like just like kind of like slap your shoulder and um I think I have a Let's show you a clip of that. when you when you dress up as Elvis meet I've always wanted to meet you in person Elvis >> what was your favorite >> what was your favorite >> what was your favorite song Elvis >> glory glory hallelujah >> really >> look it up it's on YouTube >> okay I'm going look I'm going to look that up glory glory hallelujah >> let's get into it >> do a little little it's almost like you're channeling a little bit of like Nick Cage Elvis anyways I don't have the photo that he posted He posted this photo of me being scared. I was like, "Ah." And he was like right next to me and he was laughing and uh he posted that on his story on Instagram and people were kind of going crazy cuz we didn't really think about it cuz at that point Adam and I had hung out quite a bit together. We just never posted photos about it. And he when he posted that photo people were doing, "Oh my gosh, it's Woo and Provos Park Pass." They're kept there whoop whoop and they were saying whoop whoop and he got a kick out of that. He told me he's like they're calling it the whoop. Anyways, the thing that I love the most about Adam was his laugh. It was infectious. >> It's true. >> Is that when I got the and I miss that laugh. When I got the news about Adam passing, it was such a shock to my system because Adam's young and it scared me. Like I was like, "Oh my gosh." And I worried about my health and I'm like going I think a lot of people this scared them a lot. And it's just sad. And I still haven't processed this in its entirety. I still now spend it's been 2 and a half months or so or whatever and um like when I go to Disney I'll see something funny and my instinct is to reach out and text him and I'm like, "Oh yeah." And then uh or like call him. I'm more of a phone talker than a textter. And Adam was not Adam liked to text and so I would call Adam a lot and rarely he would answer on the first ring. This is more usually he was filming but about an hour or so later I get a phone call and his voice just that Adam's voice is like what's up dude and he would we just chat and I'm a very excitable person. I always be on the phone like and he would laugh. face like this. But what ended what always happened after that is sometime in the next week I would almost always get a pocket dial, you know, like a butt dial from Adam. And I think I think I he he didn't like talk on the phone with a lot of people. He liked to text. He liked to text. And so since I was usually the last time I think I talked to him, I would get a pocket dial and a lot of times I could hear it and it was it was like in his pocket and I could hear him talking on his videos that he was filming. And I always had a kick out of that. And then he always text me like, "Did I call you an accident?" I'm like, "Yeah." But the one thing that he did that made me feel super special is he would send me little video clips just randomly. Things like, "I'm thinking of you and and uh and send a video clip for me or also one for my wife Amanda." And it's like just think of you guys and I miss those and I wish I would have kept them all. Um and it makes me sad because on his Instagram on the Instagram account, he would send me these little video clips and now I tried to go download them and there's like a limit that it won't upload the old videos that he was send me and I don't know how to get those. I wish I could get them. I am rambling because it's such a difficult topic. >> The thing about grief is like it sucks. like like you have a moment and you're laughing and then you start to cry and then you get sad and you get happy and you miss that person and there's a little hole in your heart and it hurts my stomach and it gives me stomach aches and I just don't I don't like it because of that I don't talk about this. Hi guys. Because of that I don't like to talk about it. What's going on here? Looks like Ray is folding a tarp. I don't know what what's going on there. >> Ray folding a tarp. >> The thing about what the side that Adam didn't people didn't see was what he was like when the camera was off was almost the same. He was caring. So sometimes like I would struggle with depression a little bit and and uh he was there. He would help me with that. Um I remember sometimes I got you know I was frustrated with my YouTube channel. I was like I don't know what I'm doing if I'm doing this right. And he's like I remember he just sat down with me and he's like Chris he's like keep making videos. You're going to find your audience. They'll he's like it's fun. He goes the secrets revealed. And he's like keep doing it. Don't stop and encouraged me. He was a good friend. So, well, often times I would he would he hung out at my house and I have this I have this unhealthy obsession with pinball. We would play pinball together and we'd hang out and um often times it was me, Adam, and my son Miles. And Adam would sometimes when we were together would film. He always asks, "Okay, can I film a little bit?" I'm like, "Sure." And he was so good at what he did. He filmed around Miles. He never knew that Miles was with us. I always appreciated that. And uh we'd go out to dinner and he would sit next to my son Miles talking. they would just, you know, talk with He's a good friend and uh he's a good friend and I miss him as much as probably all of you do as well. As far as this memorial, the celebration of life, like I said, the tickets are all gone. It's going to be live streamed. For those of you who do have tickets, you'll want to be there early. Doors open at 10:00 a.m. for those in the reserve seats. If you have a reserve seat ticket, then at 11:00, the tickets open up for those who have tickets. And I wish we could have it for everybody. I wish every single person could attend in person. Just not possible, you know? It's just not possible. Uh but the fact that this is going to be live streamed for all of for all people to watch, I really like that fact. And I just hope that this goes well and I think it's going to. We're having a bunch of people uh we're having a well not a bunch but some of his close friends and family members are going to be talking. They're going to talk about hi how are you? >> So we're having a bunch of Adam's friends talk and then there's a bunch of Adam's friends who wanted to make the celebration but couldn't travel out. So, we're having some video tributes for Adam. And Adam's family is going to be there. And I think that this will be a good way for a lot of people to have that final closure with Adam. Um, and be able to say their goodbyes and and in a fun environment. It's a celebration of life. So, there will be laughter, there will be tears, there's going to be a whole array of emotions because we're celebrating a really unique life. Adam did it his way. And uh it was it's awesome. It is inspiration. So for me being vulnerable, it's easier to talk about the memorial. It's easier to talk about stories. It's hard for me to talk about my feelings towards Adam because uh that's just harder to do. I apologize for the video if I ramble. I feel a little less comfortable doing a video like this, but I do need a chance to talk to you. Hang on. Hi. Right now, I am only talking to just you right now. Just you. I want you to know how amazing you are. And if you are going through life right now and you're struggling, maybe because of grief or maybe because you feel underappreciated or maybe you have some sadness or depression, maybe your job's not going well. And for whatever reason, you need to know in your heart how amazing you are. Be the type of person who goes out and sees all the possibilities in their life rather than wonder like, I wish I would have done that. We're not in this year 22. Hi guys, it's nice to see you. There's the husband in 2026. This is the year of I did it, not I wish I would have done it. I want you to know how awesome you are. I see you. I appreciate you. You are unique. You are special. And you make the world a better place. And I'm talking to just you right now. I hope you know that cuz I believe that message. I hope you believe it. There's the the train. Big Thunder, you guys. No claim jumping here. Let's wait and watch this train go by one more time. I like that. I like the sound it makes when it comes by. Did you know that they recorded the sound the engine would make and they used that sound in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom when they're doing the minecart chase? They used the sound effect from Big Thunder Mountain Railroad in that movie. That's just a cool sound. Thank you so much for watching this video today, guys. I appreciate it. My name is Chris. You're watching Park Bass. If you haven't, hit the thumbs up, give a little sub, give a little like, you can also hit the subscribe button if you want to. Got a lot more videos coming out here. I am going to be going to Disneyland Paris in just a few days for the brand new uh reveal of the Arendelle Land, and I want to share that with you guys. And also, tomorrow's video, I'm going to be going to Universal Studios to do a sneak preview of something I'm not even allowed to talk about, and it's coming up fast. And if you miss it, you'll be furious. So, hit the subscribe button so you can see that. Tomorrow is going to video be a sneak preview of that which is really cool. And I I want to take a quick little second to say a quick thank you. So many people are have been involved in helping out with Adam's celebration of his life and um his family uh lots of lots of his friends and they've all been involved and they're all just trying their best to put on the best celebration they can for Adam. And it's remarkable to see how many people have come together and they've donated their time to do this. They're uh they said, "Hey, I can I could help out any way they can." And it's inspiring to see these people get together to celebrate their friend. And um on Monday, I'm sorry, on March 8th, Sunday, you'll be able to watch that live stream again. I'll put that channel down below and you can watch it no matter where you are in the world. I wish you could have had a bigger venue to do this so everybody could have come but this is the most amazing thing place for Matt Adam because it's like a punk band venue and Adam was in a punk band. I can't think of anything more fitting than that and so I just wish that every single person who wanted to attend could attend in person but that's the next best thing you could watch on the live stream and just absolutely enjoy it on the live stream. And we have like a professional live streamer coming in and he's helping out and we've got speakers and video clips. It's going to be a excellent celebration of life for our friend Adam Woo. All right guys, I'll see you in the next video. My name is Chris. You're watching Park Pass. And uh that's about all I have to say this this video. I hope I did it justice. I know I rambled a lot. I don't feel comfortable with this type of attention on talking about my friend. I other people feel more comfortable with that and that's okay. For me, it's just a little I just I don't feel comfortable. It It's just harder for me to do that. I don't know why. It's just how my personality is. But doesn't mean I don't want to talk about them all the time. I just It's hard for me to do that. >> Okay, I'll see you next video. Bye-bye. Sorry. Just one more quick little thought. So, um good little memory. I remember one time Adam picked me up. We're down here in Anaheim. We're just driving around all around Anaheim. He's just pointing things out like you know where he used to live and we're just going down memory lane listening to funny stories and he's like yeah. He's like I love you want to go to Joe's Italian Ice Cream and I was like what's Joe's Italian Ice? And he's like what? And immediately I flipped his car around and we came here and we got Italian Ice that night. So good memory.
