---
video_id: 0pFeDYUWDjk
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "This Disney Experience Gets Bad Reviews... Here Are Our Honest Thoughts"
published: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pFeDYUWDjk
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris. You're watching Park Pass and we are going to take you tonight to Beak and Barrel here at Walt Disney Studios. And this is what I'm going to be honest with you. We've heard two things. We had some people say this is one of the best experiences you can do here at Walt Disney World. We've had other people tell us that >> it's not. It's not. And it all depends on where you get seated. So, we're going to find out tonight. Are we going to have an amazing experience or are we going to have a bad experience? And we're going to show you all of it. It's night time. We got reservations. It's hard to get reservations of this. Our reservations are for 9:30 at night. It's located right across from Pirates of the Caribbean here in Adventureland. There is Pirates Caribbean. And here we go. Right over here, right across the way. Oh my gosh. It I I thought the cross the I thought it was a cross. I thought the Tortuga. It's not. It's right here. Right next the Beacon Barrel. >> It's now time for our reservation here at the Beak and Barrel. I'm excited to see how this experience is. >> We're right here at the Peak and Barrel. Barrel. We just told it's 45 minutes and two drinks per pirate. All right. >> So, we're in the back room and this is what this is the room that everybody wants by the bar. You can see the show >> the island provisions and the cooks corn griddle cakes. That's everything I want. The Kraken scotch cursed treasure treasure trove. They had drinks here. They have cocktails. They have non-alcoholic. Both everybody, families, all of it. Rum, of course. But where's the rum? What are we saying? What are we thinking on >> the cooked corn griddle cakes? >> The griddle cakes. >> Warm corn cakes stuffed with melted cheese, lime, sour cream, chili peppers. All right. >> Love it. >> You can get it with or without chicken. It looks like >> chicken. No chicken. >> No chicken this >> because my wife's a vegetarian. No breakfast. >> Oh, wait, wait. The Paris talking. And he's gone into the little thing. >> On behalf of Captain Mary, happy lady, the lawless, your first mate on the journey. It's a long, long, long journey of 45 minutes and no more than two rounds of pearl. I >> I >> There would be much better. Now, would you like for me to go over this treasure map at all or any questions you might have at the moment? >> Any questions, Miles? >> Does that mean we might be ready? >> I think we're ready. You're a little nervous. >> You want me to start with you? >> Yeah. >> I love it. >> The cursed treasure. >> One cursed treasure. One of your favorites. Good choice. What about the treasure trove? >> Treasure trove with a little variety. And last but not least, >> uh the cursed treasure as well. >> Oh, and but we need the the >> cakes. Yeah. >> Chicken or roasted vegetable? No chicken. >> No chicken. >> Got to get the veggies secure. The scurvy a little smart choice. And anything else I can grab for you at the moment? >> I think that's it. >> Beautiful. I'll be back. >> Thank you, Laney. This is the back room here. >> And they kind of have some things there and the bartenders will yell some things periodically and uh you kind of yell with them. They you have a maximum 45 minutes. And if you sit, these are large tables. So even though you might be joined with another group, like multiple families will be sharing the same table where I think we got a little lucky. We just got a little tiny table just for ourselves. >> I like it. >> I like the little table. >> And uh here we go. I'm not exact. We ordered some criddle criddle cakes and some drinks. And I Amanda ordered a treasure trove, which is a whole smattering of stuff. Smattering. Schmatterant. These are the drinks options. Plunderers punch, sirens, whisper, portal call, lit fuse, barrels of blaze, hibiscus worm punch royal, and of course the salty seas margarita. Margarita. I wanted to do a little shanty, but no. And then over here we've got the island provisions cooks corn griddle cakes and the krakens catch. And we got the cursed treasure. You blooming scurvy dog. And the treasure trove. This is what me love. My love right there. She ordered the treasure trove. I can't get it into focus. There it is. And there's me love. I >> some parlay. No stabbing each other. >> No stabbing. >> I'm minding my business. >> Maybe a little Maybe a little stabbing. >> Pitchforks and blades. All right. They they brought in they brought in this is a treasure trove drink. It is freezing cold. Freezing cold. Now, what did you get, Amanda? What are all these little treasures here? >> Um, >> I'm sorry. This is called the cursed treasure drink. >> Okay. >> Amanda got the treasure trove. It is served with a vanilla cake plank, >> chocolate cannonball, >> and golden caramel popcorn. >> Very cute. And what was in the drink? >> A mysterious ube lemon and coconut con concoction. >> Awesome. These are all >> And these are our little pancakes. >> And the corn cake. corn cake. The griddle cakes. All right, Amanda, we got to see if you like your drink, though. >> Laney, what's the best one? The the vanilla or the chocolate cannonball? My heart for me. I'm hungry right now. >> Boom. The chocolate cannonball. You heard it here first. >> Ho ho yo ho. The pirates are alive for me. Shiver me timbers. All right. So, Amanda is trying the concoction. >> Oh, that's really good. >> Is that really good? >> It's really different. I don't think I've ever tasted anything like it. I love that the mug is like frozen. >> Yeah, mys too. It's freezing cold the mug. >> I don't even know how to describe that. >> All right, let me try it. >> I've never tasted like that's so good. >> Feel that? All right. >> The mug is freezing. >> It's really good. >> It tastes exotic and tropical. >> I've never had anything like that. What is that like? >> It might be the ube cuz we rarely have ube. >> The closest I can think of is maybe a light sour grape juice. Just barely. >> Yeah. But it's very coconut. >> It's very exotic. >> Yeah. It's an exotic flavor. It's It's really good. >> It's really good. >> This is sweet. >> Okay. Can I try your sweet one? >> Yeah. This is like a This is dessert. >> That's dessert. >> And I'm getting into this. Let's see. Amanda trying the dessert. >> There she goes. Yo, me hardy. What do you think? >> Amazing. are amazing. >> That's really good. >> That one's That one's better, I think, than that one, for sure. >> Well, they're different. This one's like a really sweet dessert drink, and this one is like a tropical fruity >> punch. >> Now, I need to try the the griddle cake. >> Really good. >> It's got a lime sour cream, which I know you like. >> Really good. Really good. >> Really good. >> Yeah. The little the little parrots coming out. >> We're going to all sing with them. >> Yo ho yo ho. >> Yo ho yo ho. A pirates life for me. Look at him go. OH YO HO. A pirates life for me. >> Oh, and the little pirate walked went back. Super fun. That's fun. >> All right. This is a lot of cheese in it. Sour cream. >> I think it's delicious. That's fantastic. >> It's fantastic. And it's so unique and original. And I love that there's vegetables. >> It's not quite cornbread, like a little bit lighter. It's like a pancake. Literally, it's like a pancake with that lime and the cheese. >> It's excellent. >> I'm just eating the vegetables. >> The vegetables. >> I love this. >> Amanda loves sour cream. She loves lime, which is exactly what this is. >> I'm okay, Dad. I'm not going to lie. >> No, I love it. And I love how unique it is. It's You can't get this anywhere else at Disney World. Like, that is so unique. >> So good. >> It is so good. >> Now, I can see what people have said. Like if you're sitting like right behind those windows or maybe like in that booth over there, you really want to be able to see this room and see what's going on, which that might make it so it's not the best experience, but it's still really fun. I'm really liking this. You're going for the vanilla plank. >> No, don't eat me. Don't eat me. Is that like a cake pop? Like like a cake pop. >> Yeah, but it's like a child like a childlike dessert. I don't really remember. There are cakes that were like zebra cakes or something that had like that thin coating and then you bite into it and then it's like cakey inside. You guys help me out. It's like a childlike treat. you'd buy at the grocery store in a box. >> Twinkie? >> No. Uh-uh. >> Cuz >> I don't know. Not Not a Twinkie. Not a zinger. >> A ho ho. >> No, I don't think so. But it it's unlocking like child memories for me. It is very good. It's like a cake pop, but not. It's more like that child dessert that I can't figure. >> Let's see if I can figure this out. Oh, >> the Starbrite brownie but vanilla. >> No, >> the brownies. >> You know, you like those brownies with little >> cosmic brownie. >> Cosmic brownie but vanilla. >> No, not very. Let's try this. >> Tastes like a vanilla cake to me. Hang on. I'm already took a bite out. >> Hang on. >> Is it good? >> This is super chocolate. >> I already took a bite out of it. Miles already already took a little sconded off with it. You scurvy dog. >> Whoa, that is chocolate. >> Very chocolatey. >> Really? >> Yeah. >> But babe, you haven't tried the gar the golden caramel corn? >> Yes, I have. >> Oh, you >> me >> me >> waiting on the popcorn? Of course not. I could never. I've been eating this all night. I could never. >> Okay. >> All right. This is great. This is really great. >> Which one's the best one? >> Well, it's the variety of them that I love. You get the drink and then you get these little sweet snacks to compliment the savory snack. All in all, this works. This works for me. Definitely. I'd come back here again. >> So, you you're okay. We were worried cuz we heard >> Well, no. I was wondering cuz they're like, "Oh, but there's not like a show." They'll sometimes just sing and kind of like, but everyone's in character. I feel like this. Don't come and expect to be like super entertained. Come to expect to like unwind. >> Have some drinks. >> Have some drinks. Have some tasty like snacks and tasty treats and then be on your way. Like I think this is this works for me 100%. I'm a yes. I love it. Yes, >> we It is a Yes, >> the correct answer. >> The only correct answer. It is so good. >> Be part of the crew now. >> You scurvy dog. Be part of the crew. >> I mean, sure. No round twos of any kind. >> No. No round twos. >> Responsibility. >> All right. Thank you. >> Oh. Oh, it's lighting up. It just said dead toe. No toes. I'll relate to anything you must have just seen. Does anyone know how to get a curse out of a tower? >> It like lit up. You see the skull like little eye patch. >> Oh, it's back to normal color. really really enjoying this. This has been great. Um I think Amanda hit it right in the head. Come here not to be entertained but just get some fun drinks and hang out with your family and friends. Now tomorrow you scurry and I we're going to be going to Animal Kingdom early in the morning. Discover some of the best food they have at Animal Kingdom. It's Amanda's favorite park. She loves animals. We'll take you with us to Animal Kingdom where we can go and we won't be pirates anymore. We'll just be tourists looking at the animals. Maybe riding in the Himalayas or the Kil Jamarro. Look at those candles. Fun little area. The beacon barrel. It's fairly new. Yeah. >> BLOOM. OH, MILES GOT THE BLOOM. Let's see it. Let's see it, Miles. They gave him >> It actually is metal. I can feel it. >> Is it metal? >> Yeah. >> The cursed treasure. I love it. >> Let me see that little bad boy. Oh, it is. >> How cool is that? Miles got it to bloom. We told it's okay to walk around and take all the photos you want. Well, they told us to go over here to the corner to the map room. Our bartender, they said that this is the place you want to go see. Okay, so this is the map room. They said that there's a cannibal. So, this is the map room. They said that there's a cannonball through here. You can activate it somehow. We don't know what to do. It says treasures no man can find. But if you kind of look at the you look at the it the ar the map is bent in the light. It makes it look like an arrow. We're not sure. We're trying to find it. But you kind of can see like the cursed treasure is like right there. >> The cursed treasure is right there. >> Start here. Go up down and then that way. And then it'll lead you towards the treasure. We found right here it says world's end >> tomb tomb. >> Then the arrows go this way to our >> coming hands to stations. >> Repeat after me crew. >> Bend down the hatches. Secure the >> ALL HEAT. OH, that was amazing. >> This is so I really like this. This is fun, >> you guys. That was fun. I really like it. Beacon barrel. >> We loved it. >> Okay. Are we right? Did you guys get my water bottle? the Beacon Barrel right here next to >> Pirates Caribbean. >> Really fun like and now Amanda hit it right in the head. It's where you want to go when uh with your friends. Just grab some drinks and just enjoy it. >> Okay. The map room is what people were talking about. >> Okay. So, what we heard is people don't want to get stuck in the map room, which we found there's like some treasure stuff in there. We found too. And then the storm. Yeah. Miles felt like he solved it. I think it was really fun. I think it's really what you make it. >> I love it. I love it. Thumbs up. >> Yeah. Yeah. I would totally do that again. I'm already like, when are we coming back so I can book our next >> If you guys are feeling super generous, subscribe to our channel. Hit the subscribe button. It's something you do. It's free to do and it really shows it goes a long way to say thank you to us. It helps us, keeps us motivated to keep creating content and just something you can do for free. And if you don't like our videos, you don't have to watch them, but it just gives a way to give me a huge hug and saying thank you so much. Hit that subscribe button. If you like, if you already subscribed, then like this video and we'll see you guys in the next one. Um, I do have to find a spot where I can sit down and chat with you though. So, we kind of just talk just a few moments just you and I heartto heart for a second. Look at it. Looks kind of almost this little uh mist coming through here by Jungle Cruise. Looks a little ominous and fun. >> Oh, my leg is sucked. My leg is so >> I like the feelings I get when I'm in Disney. >> Man on the spot. Why do you like Walt Disney World so much? >> I love Disney World. I don't know why. >> I know you do. >> I love it. It just feels like a mega vacation. Like there is so much to do. There's so much to see, so many places to eat. Like even the resorts when you're staying here. That's like half the fun. I It's just There's so much. Okay, maybe that's not half the fun because there's so many parts to the fun, but it's definitely part of it. I I love that there's four different parks. I love that it feels larger than life. I love kind of the It's Okay, I will be honest. I feel like Disney World is harder. It's harder to come here and like plan out your day and plan out everything. And I almost like that challenge of it. I like to like figure it out and you're going to wake up and you're like you're lightly lazy. I got to figure out where we're going to eat and like where are we gonna see what resort we're going to stay at. Oh, okay. But we're going to Epcot so we want to be on this side now. It's like I love the the challenge of it. I don't know. Are any of you guys like me and like the like >> nobody's like you >> figuring scheduling. Oh, I bet some of you all exist out there. Don't leave me hanging. Comment below. Oh, I forgot to mention this, guys. This is new. There is a brand new ticket here for Walt Disney World. You can do an after 2 p.m. ticket. And uh you doesn't include park hopping, but if you're going to parks after 2, let's say you're sleeping in, you want to sleep in, you can get tickets now for W Disney World for after 2. It's about $120 per ticket. But there's an even better deal that's from goes from um till now until the end of September. It's the four park uh magic pass and it gives you a one pass to each of the four parks down here. Doesn't include park hopping but and you can't go to uh you can't go to Magic Kingdom, Magic Kingdom, Magic Kingdom all four days on those four parks. You have to go to each park one day. If you do that one, it's about $110 per day and it is the best deal. But wait, there's more. Right now, if you have a Disney Plus subscription, you can get some hotel rooms down here at Walt Disney World for as little as $99 a night, but those will sell out. If you want to do that deal, you need to call 1855 Getaway. 1855 Getaway. and then let them know you have a Disney Plus subscription and once they verify that you can get some hotel rooms really reasonably priced, lowest prices I've ever seen for hotel rooms here at Disney World and but that is a limited quantity and that will sell out. So if you're planning on going down here to Walt Disney World from between now and September, end of September, do that. Save yourself some money and get yourself some really good tickets. Literally the lowest prices on hotels and tickets you can find. Trying to help you save money. Oh, look how beautiful Main Street looks. >> Tomorrow we are at Animal Kingdom, my wife's favorite park, and we'll be there looking at animals, eating food, taking you with us. Hey guys, this is my chance to be able to talk to you and only you right now. Thank you so much for watching my videos. I want you to know I really appreciate that. That's very nice of you and I appreciate spending time with you. I enjoy it. I also want you to know that I am talking to you right now and just you. You matter. I hope you hear that enough. You You are unique. You are special and you make the world a better place. And I'm talking to you. Thank you for that. Thank you for being awesome. Don't be afraid of success. You deserve it. Grab it. All right, guys. I'll see you in the next video. Talk to you later. Bye-bye. Big and barrel. and barrel beacon barrel barrel barrel beacon barrel beacon barrel beacon barrel bacon barrel beacon barrel bacon barrel loved it guys so fun I thought it was a great time it's a place you want to go have some drinks with your friends and just enjoy the company of your your group or family if you would like to become a patreon and get your name on the end of these this card here and get also other exclusive cool bonus just for you guys click the link down below and become a provos park patreon
