---
video_id: qZ4dPqF6d24
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "FIRST LOOK Disney’s World Of Frozen FULL TOUR! Secrets Revealed! Is This The Best Disney Themed Land"
published: 2026-03-15
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZ4dPqF6d24
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris. You're watching Park Pass. Behind me is Disneyland Paris. Right over there is the brand new, sort of brand new theme park here at Disney Paris. It's called Disney Adventure World. It's opening March 29th. Now, this park has been open for a long time, but they're renaming it. They're having all these new things, and I'm going to give you a first look at the brand new Frozen Land. First look, you'll see it right here. It opens on March 29th and I'm going to go in and show you everything you need to know about the brand new Frozen Land here at Disney Adventure World. They are retheing this whole uh theme park here to Disney Adventure World. They're going to have Lion King, the Lion King uh log flume be opening up next year. I believe this Frozen uh land is opening up now, Arendelle. And it is the biggest expansion they've had here in this park in years. It's changing everything. Okay, so what are you going to see in today's video? I'm going to show you everything in this brand new Frozen World. I'm going to show you all the restaurants. I'm going to show you all the attractions. I'm going to show you the entertainment. I'm going to show you character meet and greets. I'm going to show you I mean basically everything. We're going to see everything from top to bottom in this brand new amazing area. I'm so excited to be able to show this to you. I'm also very honored to have been invited to show you this. All right, so this is going to be a fun day. I'm glad that you're here with me. Let's get into it. Now, I had to check in to the press conference, the press credentials. It doesn't open up for another hour and a half, but this is what I'll be showing you right here. The new brand new Oh, the brand new Arendelle. See the mountains right there? I'll be showing you all of this as we go inside. I'm excited. This is going to be very fun. All right, guys. They are about to let us in here to the brand new area. It's a time basically rope drop. We're going to go in. I'm going to show you everything. Everything. Okay. They just opened the doors. We're walking back. This is not the real entrance because they the real entrance doesn't open till the public till March 29th. But right now, we're going to kind of go through a little side entrance into it. Boy, I got a little bit of like excitement. Little butterflies. I can't wait for this. Okay. Adventure Way. World of Frozen. Worlds of Pixar. World Premiere Plaza. Now, this is, of course, this fence won't be here when opens to everybody in just a few weeks. >> Okay, they have things going on. I am literally going to try to show you every single detail of this amazing new land. Okay, so we have there's a little dance over here that with Rapunzel. She's uh dancing and they have some musicians playing and I'll try and show this to you for music. But as you can see, there's Tangled Rapunzel and they got a flutist, a drum, and a guitar. Yay. Oh. Oh, I'm the only one that cheered. Yay. >> Have you seen Flynn? Oh, they real Flynn over here. Oh, have a look. Flynn. >> She's looking for Flynn. Oh, there's Flynn. Looking very dapper and dashing, handsome. I was going to enjoy the show, but I just got a Somebody says, "Hey, you want to go get a meet and greet time with Anna and Elsa?" So, let me go show you this. Let me show you their land. Okay, so here we are as this is the new area. Now these fences will not be here, but you got this is the Rapunzel's Tangled Spin. It's kind of a spinny ride like in her little boat. Look at the There's a big lake here and you can kind you can see Arendelle past that area. We're going to walk down here. This is so fun. Hello. This is so fun. They're going to go and check out the merch and see everything that we can absolutely see here. So, and I was and so yeah, I was giving a heads up. They're like, "Hey, go get a return time." Um, so you have that. And I was like, "Oh, that's a good idea." So, moving on down here. Again, I don't know everything to talk about because it is new to me as well. We have the little merchandise right over here. and I'll get that return time and then we'll come back and we'll explore every little nook and cranny of this brand new land here at Disneyland Paris. Now, it's going to be called Disney Adventure World. And I'm going to go ahead. I got a cast member waving little food over there. Okay, coming down here. This is the the lake and they have shows here in the evening which I will show you towards the end of this video. if you'll see that. I'm going to be spending the whole day here. And then that's Arendelle. It's very pretty. And I actually know some Imagineers who've worked on it and they told me for little secrets to look for. So, let's go find these secrets. So, it's not just Frozen. And they also like have Rapunzel and and uh this is like the new area venture way but of course they have the whole Frozen area which I think is the crown jewel. Uh this is very Hong Kong Disney has it in Disney Paris. That's the only places you can go to see Arendelle. This life-sized version of Arendelle. You guys can see the little Olaf. Look at the little Olaf on the boat. Now they This is amazing. It's a little animatronic >> Olaf. >> And I've been told that they will be changing the show possibly and they're tweaking it and making it better and better. So it might be a little different when you come. >> See the little Olaf animatronic? It's amazing. Wow. It's actually walking. >> I'll try to show it a little later. >> Oh, it's so beautiful. I'm going to use a hand. Kristoff, can you give me a hand? Preferably my hand. Oh, that's better. Now it's time to let the snow bloom or let the flowers snow bloom. a snowy flower. >> That's right. I'm the unofficial snowflower decorator. Elsa and Anna are going to be so impressed. >> All right, everyone. It's time. Paddles in position and go. That animatronic is one of the coolest and best animatronics I've ever seen. >> More green on the right and not my right. Wait, your right. That's right. No, right. I mean, hold on. That red. I love red. It should be burgundy. Who's got the pink? >> Hey, wonderful random villager. Put on the pink. Exactly. It's Anna. Love Elsa. It's Enchanted Garden meets Winter Wonderland. >> Uh, what about the yellow ones? >> Oh, yes. Yes, of course. You can't have sparkling sunshine without yellow petals. That's just common sense. All right, yellow petals, everyone. Lots of yellow big sunshine. Wow. Of course, you need Thank you all for making my dream appear. Wait, wait, wait. We forgot the crystals. Look what you found. Crystal, the crystals. The icy petals. The actual snow part of the snowfl. No, I have five jobs. Supervise garlands. Inspire joy. Avoid melting. Test cookie samples. Remember crystals. Yes. I'm a very busy snowman. The glaming palms of salmon comes while wondering if I exist. I am a very sorry snowman. A very bit sorry snowman. Today the happiness we share belongs to all of Arendelle. It's about the bond we all share. One more time. Even faster. Heat. Heat. I just want to take amazing felt like the last one Perfect ice cream cake. >> Wow, it's so beautiful. I almost forgot to breathe. Okay, breathing again. >> Oh, wow. Hello, snowfl. >> That was a really fun show. And the boats come out and they have like little skippers piloting the boats. You'll be able to look around. You see there's a bunch of area here to look and all all the way around for people to watch that show. There goes the boats. That little mini Olaf. Perfect. It was so cute. Little arms moving around. I love it. I love it. All right. All right. So, the first thing I'm doing right now is I'm taking you to see the uh royal encounter with Anna and Elsa. And so, when you come here, you'll there's a little QR code. You scan it and it'll give you a time when you come back so you can have a private audience with the princesses. So, um we're going to go in and and see this. I'm kind of excited. This is cool. Let me show you everything. Of course, we're walking in here. This is the the royal entrance to to meet So, hello. I want to say welcome. >> All right. Thank you. We're going to turn right here and get to go here to meet the princesses. So, I've noticed that when they take photos, they have professional photography here. Every time they do Elsa, she does like these really cool hand poses. So, when I get my photo, I'm going to literally try to do exactly what she's doing and mimic it perfectly. when you come. >> So, I'm going to try to do every pose Elsa does. >> There's the princesses. >> Okay. >> Thank you. I'll put my Hello. >> Hi, everyone. >> Hello. Hello. Hi. >> Welcome to >> Thank you so much. It's a pleasure to meet you guys. >> We are so excited to have everyone. >> I I love your I love Arendelle. It's so pretty. It's so nice to be able to share it now that the gates are open, of course. >> Oh, yes. So, I went I went to Oakans >> and I wanted to buy a balloon, >> but he wouldn't sell me a balloon. >> I wonder why. >> Cuz he said I'd let it go. Sorry. Sorry. >> That's all right. >> Terrible. Terrible joke. >> You know, the best thing about wandering open's trading is probably the sauna. >> Oh, yes. I have to try that out. >> Oh, you might see Olaf there. A little room that's full of heat. The perfect place for a snow. Yeah, a little puddle. So, can I get a picture? >> Oh, yes. >> Okay. Oh, yeah. That was really fun. Little kids are going to absolutely love that. Thank you, Mercy. >> And, uh, how fun. So, this is like the little royal meet and greet. Um, and you'll come down here. If you have your smartphone, you have like a little QR code right here. See this little QR code? You scan that and then you'll be able to get a time for your personal meet and greet with Anna and Elsa. That's so that way you don't have to wait in line. You come back to when it's your time. And looks like right over here we have Frozen after A after. Let's see. I guess it's maybe it's going. I'm not sure. So, we're going to go down here to the Frozen after Ever After attraction. Taking you through the queue way. All the way through the queue. So that'll be all the queue. Now this is a media preview, so the attendance is a little bit lighter when you come. This will be the queue line. And we'll go right down here. Icem and delivery of Arendelle. Here we go. Oh, look at all little axes. Ask me a question. There we go. the official icemaster and deliver a little seal. And then we're going to go this way. Keep going down and turn. Oh, yeah. You see this? A big This will be a big Q- line. Moving this way, you can see all the little Oh, butter. Moving on down. And if you look right here, you can see a little to-do list. It says, "Clear ice in rivers for summer snow day. Check harvest ice from pond behind Oakan's cabin." And number three, pick up chocolates for Anna just because. Are you tempted to come to I know that most of my viewers are in America. Are you tempted to come to Disneyland Paris? Uh I would recommend it. I absolutely love it. And uh does this make it does this kind of tip the bucket now? They're like, "Oh, now I really want to go cuz this is awesome." Okay, we're Look at the little village up here. Let's go this way. Oh, Oakans Cloins. >> You know, he's going to be he's going to be talking to the sun. Let's just see what he says. We'll wait here. Cloans. Uh oh, something's happening. Hello. I like the bottom hugs, too. Yeah. Oh, you know he's going to do more different things. If you look right here, it's like Love it. Love it. Let's see what the next thing he does is. >> What's he going to do this time? Let it go. Let it go. You'll never see me cry. Give me a little. I love it how he just hangs out in his sauna all day. I think that's that's what I want to do. I'll be out in a minute. Oh, and with every purchase, free lutter the bisque. >> You'll notice over here's a cold remedy. little spoon with hot. Now, I guess this is entertaining to me. So, I'd like to show you all the different sonnets because we waiting in line. You probably only see maybe two or three of them, but not we have a chance. Let's see them all cuz it's fun. Oh, we're back to the mall. So, you'll also notice right down here, he's got these little buckets of stones for the sauna. They put the hot stones and water in. >> How awesome. >> I like to borrow hugs, too. Yeah. >> Okay. Now, we're going to continue on down here. This is fun. Yeah, this is a very good addition. This is the theming so far has been excellent. Hello. Okay, we're going to go. We're headed this way down here. You can see the line is going to be long because they're anticipating large crowds, which they should. So, we're going to turn this way and walk down the queue line and get right there. Here we go. And we're turning this way. >> Turn and turn. And here we go. >> All right, guys. We're going to be at row number one, I think, of our boat. >> All right, there's our boat getting in. We're the only one getting in right now. So, let's enjoy it. >> Nobody else is We have our boat all to ourselves. >> Let's get in. >> All right, so here we are getting ready to go on the new attraction. They gave us our own boat. So, we go through here. Just us. >> And look how pretty that looks. >> Looks absolutely amazing. Snowy summer day. Here we go. >> The little trolls because Paris they tell it in English and French and now they're best friends. Getting ready to go up a hill. It looks Yeah, I don't know if it's capturing on film or not, but it looks so pretty. The snowflakes It looks really good. They have that crystal outside. So, I'll be able to show you that a little later on. They have that crystal outside. Looks really good. And here's a lot ice skating. Love it. Love it. Now we're turning over here. We got them singing their little love song together. >> There we go. And you notice I think in the one of Florida they have face projections, but here it's actual animatronic faces. >> I actually like these faces better. Uhoh. And uh you got triple dog there to lick the pole. >> I can't believe they gave us our own boat to go on this. There she is. Some of the best of all Disney songs. I think The Little Mermaid is the very best, but Frozen right up there. Maybe be the Beast. I don't know. Well, they have smoke coming through. I I love that. Oh, little little snowman pops up. I think those little snowman are about the cutest things in the world. There's Marshmallow, the big one. And he has smoke coming out of his mouth. Whoa, this looks steep. Oh my god, that a little steeper than I thought. Okay, have some fireworks and turn. You see the fireworks turn into snowflakes, but there's got to be a hidden Mickey in there somewhere. I'm wondering. So, see if you can find it. Look over there. I just see the snowflakes. I'm assuming, maybe I'm wrong. I don't know. Beautiful, beautiful Arendelle. And that's the end of the attraction. So, what do you guys think here at Dan Paris? Oh, it's not done. I'm sorry. I apologize. The Reprieve of summer is being sung. And do they wear these green dresses in the movie or is this just for the the um movie the ride? >> You have to tell me. >> And I think the animatronics look very good. >> So, do they wear those green dresses? I cannot remember. Okay, so Par Florida has the Frozen attraction. >> I think if I remember correctly, it's been a while. They have the projected faces. This one they have, it's just their actual animatronic faces. I like these ones. The projector faces sometimes it looks so bright, but I think this looks fantastic. Tell me, am I wrong? And also, do they wear green dresses in the movie like that at the end? Did I miss that? Did I blink out on that? I'm not sure. You'll have to let me know in the comments. It's been a bit since I've seen Frozen. I should have studied up and watched before I came here. That my bad. All right, let's see. Oh, there I am. All by my lonesome. All by myself. I don't want to be. Of course, we're going to end up in the gift shop. Let's take a look at the merchandise they have here because why not? Oh, yeah. Knitted normal. Good grief. They are going into cuteness overload. Look at that. That's a You're kidding me. It's got a shoulder plushy. He's wearing a sweater with Finn on it. >> Oh, it's awesome. >> Look at that. Let's see. I wonder if there anything things on the back. >> Nope. >> Oh, a little snowflake on the sleeve, though. Oh, yeah. Look at that. Disneyland Paris. It says it on the sleeve. There's an adult version. Okay. So, this is from Hong Kong, and they see they brought us over. It's a little jar of all these little these little figurines in it. Uh, in Hong Kong, you you make your own Oh, there's Oaken. Uh, and they're very popular in Hong Kong. My son ended up getting a bunch of Duffian friends, but it looks like they brought that concept over now here to Paris as well. You guys know it's orange and sounds like parrot. >> Carrot. I don't think this is the time for that type of humor. >> Look at this hat. >> It's got the tooth, the nose. Oh, yeah. That's a win. That's a win. That's a win. This here is the world of Frozen. And this is the um Look at that spirit jersey. World of Frozen. Here I'm with Marine. >> Hi. >> Yeah. She is a French YouTuber. >> And she just rode the Frozen attraction for her first time. >> She knew nothing. I want to know what did you think? >> It's very surprising. Unexpected. >> Unexpected. >> Yes. Because everybody told her that it was going to be exactly the same that we have caught. >> Oh yeah. Yeah. >> And can I say? >> Yeah. >> Okay. It's not the same. >> It's not the same. >> It's not the same. And it's really >> Yeah. I the animatronics >> beautiful lights and the lights amazing the first. >> Yes. >> And yes, absolutely marvelous. So yes, >> really your YouTube channel it's Hello Disney. >> Hello Marine. >> Hello Marine. M A U R E E N. >> Exactly. >> Okay. All right. >> Thank you very much. >> A little shirt. And this here is the World of Frozen shirt. Of course they got all kinds of merchandise here. Oh, this is the cast member outfit. I think it's it could be the best >> that with the hat. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Thank you so much. Oh, Amanda loves these little Nordic sweaters for our son Miles. So much fun. I got these ears. It's the new Frozen ears. And then look at this. They like got little headbands and then the clothing here. There. That's awesome. Oh, that's really cool. I like that. Look at that. >> You guys don't forget. Bunnies like to hop. Horses like to nay. The clock says tick tock. Hey, come out and play. All right. I want to show you everything we can. There's something's going on over there cuz people there's a big group of people over there, but I want to show you the architecture and we want to look in all the windows and see what we can see. So, this here is the Arendelle Boutique, which you just came out of. We're going to look at this window because I spy with my little eye. Look at this. There you go. an Anna and Elsa doll, little riding horse, and some toy blocks. I think I just discovered a cool little thing that most people are going to overlook. Sorry, as they show you all the architecture, but let's go over here. You can buy postcards here in the store with a stamp and they have a special Arendelle post office to mail. So, I'm going to buy this stamp. I'm going to get a postcard and a stamp and I'll sit I'm going to mail it to my son. So, I had this lady I met here cuz that way Miles doesn't recognize the handwriting. Says, "To Miles, you are the best baseball player. Love, Elsa." And then I'm going to mail this postcard to him and he'll get a postcard from Arendelle. And here we go. We go right over here. And they have the collection times. There it goes. All right. So, let's see what everybody's looking at over here. I'm not exactly sure. This seems to be an area of interest. Oh, okay. Okay. I found out what this area is. What everyone's seeing over here is Olaf. Olaf animatronic. It's going to be coming out again. And when it does, of course, I want to come back. and so that we can all see it because I've talked to several people who've seen it and they say that your visceral reaction when you see it, you're like you believe that you're seeing Olaf and you just you can't help but smile and feel good. Now there's the ice castle. Always wonder who do you think's stronger, Frozone or Elsa? This is similar to Hong Kong but not quite the same. Hong Kong does have the roller coaster that this one does not have, but I love it. Oh, they're getting ready maybe for Olaf. This is the ent. Oh my gosh, you guys. Here comes Olaf. >> Oh my gosh. I cannot even handle this. So, if they they're going to be changing it. Um, they said that to let you know that if you come here, it's going to be a little bit different. They're going to be working on it and changing it, still perfecting it. But this is the cutest thing I've ever seen in my life. Oh my gosh. >> I can't even handle how cute. Oh my gosh. >> There he is. So yeah. >> So he'll be working a little bit later on with um the sounds, everything, but right now they're just working that out. This is the cutest thing I've ever seen in my entire life. I cannot Oh my Oh my gosh. Can you handle this little >> Look at his little little arms. And he's just walking around. I cannot even >> Oh my gosh. >> Oh, can you handle that cute little Olaf? Yeah. Oh, it's perfect. Hi, Olaf. Hello. >> Yeah. >> No way. Yes. Handle this little guy. Not even a little bit. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. >> With a cow and everything. Amazing. >> Oh, that's a Duffy bear in Olaf outfit. Thank you so much. >> So they when it when it comes out when it opens. Oh, what a little bit. >> Yes, it's so good. >> I try. Hold on. Hold on. Excuse me. Look. Is that correct? I >> Oh my gosh. So when he >> You're kidding me. So when he opens when it come opens up to the public, he'll be talking. They're currently working on that. So have maybe a little bit different experience than this, but >> this is the cutest thing I've ever seen in my entire life. Oh my gosh. >> Can't quite handle this. >> Can you handle this? This could be the snow. I know. Okay. There he goes. Bye-bye. >> Yeah, there he goes. Bye. Bye-bye. >> Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. >> I cannot handle that. >> Bye-bye. >> What was that? That was amazing. Now they're going to be changing it. So he'll be talking right now. They're still working on that. But that it didn't even matter. It just was like it just made you so happy to see Olaf when he's like walking. He's just like, "Oh my gosh, I loved it." So right over there, that's where they have the Olaf experience. This is called Trustworthy Cgraphy. Guys, we have so much more to look at. They got some books over here. We haven't even gone to the Rapunzel area yet. Little door. And look at this. What is this? The Nordic Crowns Tavern. I think I have a reservation here. The clock tower is ringing. Hear little bells, the chimes. >> So, I I do I have a dinner reservation tonight here at 8:30. So, a couple hours to come back to show you the dinner here. The Ford View Shop. Do you know who plays Indiana Jones in Arendelle? Harrison Fjord. Get it. Let's go in the Harrison Fjord shop. All right. So, just like I tell you in Here we go. This was in Hong Kong. It was so popular. You grab a jar and you can put as many as you could fit in that jar. you can have. And so it looks like it costs like €35. The long as the lid the lid has to be able to close, but you can select any one of these all. You can just do all the same. You do a bunch of different ones. Whatever you want to do. Look at Look at all of them. Oh my gosh. Can you handle this? What is this little cuteness? Yeah, this was this was in Hong Kong and it was like so popular. So, it looks like they brought it over here. And I I'm glad they did. And also looks like they have here face painting. So, let's take a look at the face painting. >> All right. So, this is what they have here. You can get like a the face painting and crown. >> Yes, exactly. You have two different crowns. One with the flowers, one with some >> or if you just want face painting, you can do that. >> Yes. And you can also have this new >> hand painting. Hand painting. It's completely new in >> That's new. That's very new. >> Only here Paris. >> Yes. I like that one. I like that one a lot. >> And then you could also do hairstyle and accessories. >> Exactly. And if you want to see more >> Oh, yeah. Let's go take a look at it. Let's go take a look. So, this is You come in here and get some little Oh, I really That That's kind of fun. The hand painting. That's cool. Look at these hair accessories. Wow. Oh, look at that. And then they can sit down here and they can get all done up. >> If you're interested in doing that, you just walk in. There's a queue. You go get in line and you're good to go. You don't have to make an appointment or anything. You just go. Now, I want to show you this amazing uh snowflake sculpture. They have this in Hong Kong. The material that they use, they use special material to make sure it reflects in the sun. There it is. So they they use all different types of material to make sure it reflects in the sun so it kind of glimmers and it looks really cool in the sunshine. So that's they made sure to get that perfect glow on the on the snowflake. Now this is just fun for me. This is the it's kind of like looking at the buildings and see what they have here. And this is the toilets. Toilets. Okay. this little garden area right back here. Okay, so this here is the Arendelle area. Let's take a look at the rest of this whole beautiful area. As you can see, there's this bay, this lake, and it goes all the way around it. So, we're going to walk around to see all the stores and everything, the restaurants and all that they have here along here. Let's go check it out. That does look amazing, though. Looks absolutely amazing. Now, I'm going to show you once we get down here. I'm going to show you something that most people don't know. Let's just walk over this bridge. Of course, this is where the show was. They had the boats. We're right along here. And now we're walking this way up and over. Oh, look at this cute little like you can sit here and watch the show. They have little benches. Look at this. you walk in. I personally I love Disneyland Paris. I love it with my whole heart and I want this place to be successful. I want people to come here and enjoy their time and feel like it's a good experience and I feel like this is just a step in the perfect direction. It's really really good. I think this is going to make this new this park here like this is a little more desirable, a little more fun to do. Overlooking the bay. Walk through through there. That's the Avengers Campus building right there. That's going to be the entrance. There's a Tower of Terror. There's Toy Story Land. Look like Looks like they have a little garden area down here. This is Leras Terrace Pan. Oh, was panoroi. Panor. I don't know how to pronounce that. Let's see what they have here, though. The onion melt. Ooh. Oh, it's like a bread bowl. Looks good. Yeah. A little bread bowl soup, which sounds good. They also got like a little coffee and pastry. And wa, what is this? I don't know what that is. That looks amazing. And there's a little dining area right there behind me. A little dining area. Oh. Oh, there's Mickey's brand new outfit. I'll show you Mickey's brand new outfit. I just saw Mickey's brand new outfit. Now, I don't want to Oh, see how do I get Oh, I went the wrong way. I don't want to show it to you until we get there, but it's his shoes are amazing. >> Are you ready for the big reveal? >> Are you ready to get >> Yeah. Oh, look how good you look, Mickey. Oh, very very dapper. Very handsome. Yes. >> Would you like him to give you a spin? >> Yes. Yes. >> Mickey, can we have a spin, please? >> Have a spin. OH, that's too good. That's too good. Oh, Mickey, you look great. Oh, thank you so much. Can I get a photo with you, please? Okay, thank you. You look so good. I love your outfit. I love your shoes, your hat. Thank you so much. It's a pleasure. My favorite. I don't I don't know why. And I know that people are going to be like, "Oh, Disney adult." That made me kind of a little emotional. Just he just gave me a hug and I just told him like, "Thank you, Mickey. You just made you've made the world a better place for all of us." And I believe that like Walt Disney just we want to escape. We want to have good experiences in life and Disney helps us provide provides that for us. Going to go take a look at all this stuff. I don't know what they are. Let's just see what they have here. This is Oh, Shzmarie. Oh, look at that. Oh, look at each one of these. Sleeping Beauty, Rapunzel, Tiana's. Wow. Let's take a look at the next menu here. See what they have. She says Bruce. I can't remember. That's the cat. This cat's from Aristocrats. >> Look at that. The >> legendary pastrami, the sprout boost, and the chicken the chicken chipotle. >> This one's vegan. >> Okay, here we go. >> Says tutaloo. And this is L curry. >> L curry hot dog. Len Nordic. Cool. the lobster village. Oh my gosh. >> And the avocado love. >> Look at those hot dogs. These are the other ears that they have right now. And these are like the new Disney Adventure World. And if you look at this, you can see it's got like Frozen, Avengers Campus, Ratatouille, the Haunted, the Tower, the Hollywood Tower of Terror. So yeah, it's all that. Bye-bye. So, I just was talking to them and this is where you can go in and you can get like a coffee and some cold drinks. This is the Adventure World hat. You see that? The Adventure World hat. All right, we're walking through here. Just kind of walking back around. Just think of as a circle. We're coming this way. There's the bathrooms right over there. And we're turning this way. Coming down here. This is where the Rapunzel's spin is. We're going to keep coming down here and see what they have. Look at the Rapunzel spin and just see all these different areas. This is a massive expansion that Disney has Par Paris has done to improve up their park here, the Disney World, adventure world. To be honest, I think Disneyland Paris needed it. They need a little bit of a little bit of love. I think I think sometimes people particularly people who are here often feel like Disneyland Paris gets overlooked. Um so I think for them it's it feels right that some new attractions and new land is happening here. Oh my gosh, you guys. I have to come over here to see the >> the Mickey marching band. You guys look at Minnie's outfit. There she comes. Look at her go. Get it, Minnie. Oh, I love that bit. Oh, and we just showed the new popcorn buckets and that matches to that. Now I get it. I understand it. There goes Minnie looking great. This is awesome. WOOHOO. Oh my gosh. Yes. Oh yeah. Yes. Oh my gosh. What is this magic? Oh, this is fun, guys. Oh, great little cute outfit. Minnie is doing great. Woo! Good job, Minnie. I hope you're enjoying this. Love it. It's wink. Very fun. Oh. Super good. Oh, really good. Okay, so this is going to be the entrance down to the Toy Story Land. It's currently This is just going to be the the walkway. You'll be able to walk right through here into Toy Story Land. And they have the the Green Army men down here. Here you can meet the green army's men. Incredible. This is incredible. He's going to put his backpack down. >> This is the new entrance that'll take us down right into um Toy Story Land. And it's a new walkway. So there. Yes. Get it. Oh, right. Hello. Hi. Okay. Get a photo. Yes. Okay. Perfect. >> I'm Sheriff Wood. >> Oh, you look good. You look very good. Oh, you look great. >> Nice. >> You look so good. Very Oh, no. No. Look. Stop. Stop. Stop. You look too good. You look too good. Thank you. >> I don't know why those things, those interactions, they make me happy. They just make me happy. And I hope that makes you happy. Uh I hope you're enjoying this enjoying the video with me. Uh if you haven't, hit the like, hit the subscribe. Why not? Why not join us and hang out with us the entire time? Come on. It's free. Oh, okay. They're not using it yet, but I wanted to see. So, this is straight here. That's That's going to be the main entrance. That's right where you come in, right? You go right down there. But look, this is the new popcorn cart. See, you guys see it first. Nobody's showing you these secrets. The brand new Prominade popcorn cart. This is what the garbage cans look like. Love it. Look very nice. This is a sage we saw earlier, but look right here on the bench. You've got Dalmatians. No way. Oh my gosh. Cutest little statues ever. Thought we just take one more look at MINNIE'S WOO! Amazing outfit. the band's outfit. He actually just got done playing Pirates Caribbean. So, Minnie's going for it. Get him, Minnie. You're kidding me. Oh my gosh. Here comes the band. This band is great. Look at the shoes. Fun entertainment. Woohoo. Go Mini. Let's have fun. Oh, that's awesome. Right here is the Rapunzel tango spin. This is what the cast members wear. Look at their amazing outfits. They look amaz. >> Yeah, it's perfect. I think nobody's We're going to go get on an attraction, I guess. Let's go check out the Rapunzel Spin. So, this is the second ride they have here in this land. They just open the doors for me. I'm walking in now. You can see her hair right there. The ceiling goes all the way around. Oh. Oh, you got the snuggly duckling. >> The hair goes all the way around. There's the Cupid all the way around. Oh, Pascal. Lantern Festival. >> There's in. Let's choose. Please call >> for your safety. >> I am the only one on the attraction. Woohoo. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is it. By the way, do you know that Rapunzel is she's the funniest? Ah, shoot. I just messed that joke up. It's like which which busy princess tells the most jokes? Rapunzel. RIGHT. NOT THE TIME FOR JOKES. >> I really am the only one on it. Here we go, guys. We're going along. Enjoying it. People are doing interviews for the TV station out there. There we go. We're going to wave to the cast members. There we go. We're going to wave to this cast member. Are we Oh, we're going to wave. We're w Here we go. That looks nice. That looks very nice. Yeah. Very simple, easy traction. Oh, and you can spin it. There's a little spinner thing, so I can make it go faster. But it's like a the teacups. It doesn't spin really. I can tell it doesn't spin easy. They got must have like a little governor on it. So, yeah. Rapunzel's tangled spin. Let's look at the ceiling. This is the in-depth coverage you want here at Provost Park Pass. Hit the like and subscribe because you're like, "Wow, Chris, you waited in that line to ride this by yourself for our entertainment." Well, it's cuz I love you guys. You know that. Now, right outside that tangled Rapunzel's tangled spin, they have this little tiny pond with a boat. See if you recognize it. There it is. There's Flynn's and Rapunzel's boat for the lantern festival. Maybe that's Is that Little Mermaid? Maybe do Elvis. I'm not sure what I'm doing there. I'm sorry. But as you can see, it's very pretty. Little lake here, little boat, and a gazebo right over there, which is, you know, where Instagrammers going to go. And then if you look over here, look at the tile, the ground. You see the sun? Sun tile. That's of course that's very important to the story for Rapunzel. And then right over here, this is that gazebo that a lot of, you know, people are going to like like people are going to be in there smooching and take pictures and stuff. Oh my gosh. I think ah there's Wendy and Peter Pan. >> Wait, happy daughter of the day with you. >> Oh, >> bye. >> There they go. This is another little shop they have here. It's got drinks and uh like this is the Rapunzel stuff. >> You see lots of the Rapunzel. They got the headbands. Pascal paint your story. Yeah. Look at that. >> Oh my gosh. There's Mary Poppins and Bert. Have to go say hi to see them. Oh, >> there's Peter Pan right over there still. And >> there's Bert and Mary Poppins. So, >> so there's Peter Pan and Wendy. Do you know that Peter Pan can never fly a plane cuz he can never land? Can you cut it? >> Pretty good. >> Oh, you liked it. Oh my gosh. Thank Thank you. So, normally nobody ever laughs. So, thank you. >> Oh, I like it. >> You both look wonderful. >> Thank you so much. >> Thank you. >> All right. So, now I have I'm scheduled for appointment at I think it's like the Regal Tavern, I believe. So, I'm going to go there now and show you what that's like. So, I want to show you something that's really cool. If you look straight ahead, I'm going to zoom into it as much as you can. Do you see that little ramp there? That is going to be the new Lion King log ride. And you see that's the hill. They've started building it. You see it back there. It's kind of hard to see behind those trees, but that is going to be the new Lion King Hill. This is going to be like here the new Lion King attraction. You see they have a little mural here. Doesn't quite show the hill or anything, but that's going to be here, too. I can't wait for that to open. Okay, let's go to the Regal Tavern. Um, and I'll see it's the Regal. I'm not I think Regal Restaurant and Tavern I think is the official name. So, let me go there. I have a reservation. I was scheduled reservation at 5:00 p.m. I talked to a lot of the other media people. They're all at 400 p.m. So, I feel like I'm the they're probably like ah the the American. We'll put him by himself at 5. Okay. So, here we go. So, this is the Regal View. This is where we are. This is where we're going to be going in. Regal View Restaurant and Lounge. So, let's get ready to go inside. >> There's actually quite a few of us here at the 5:00 p.m. one. >> Okay, so part of the decorations here, they have these plates and each plate represents a princess. Moana, this one here, I for I for it confused me for a second, but then if you look, this is for Meredith. This is for Jasmine, obviously. Cinderella. This one was hard. I couldn't figure this out at first, but then you can see there's little apples. And then the dwarfs minds the diamonds. This is Snow White. This one I thought was going to be Mulan, but it's not. It's Rya. This is for Rya. This one is Beauty and the Beast. And then this here is Sleeping Beauty. You can see the thorns. And then, of course, Ariel. And you know where Ariel goes if she loses something? the lost and flounder department. I don't have any friends. So, we're gonna go into the Regal View and Lounge. >> It's a little embarrassing. Um, I'm like sitting all by myself. All by myself. And they're like the dirty American. No, you might be getting a little bit of flickering. That's cuz the European lights are different than the camera settings. But this lounge is I'm gonna put my hands up to go around the lights is gorgeous. This is an amazing bar right over here. And then we they have this menu here. You can order cocktails with alcohol or without alcohol. And then they also have pastries. For those of you interested, they have these uh suited cocktails that could be alcohol-f free. Of course, they just have all the normal And these are their signature cocktails they're showcasing. >> So this is the treat they brought out. It's filled with caramel and nuts. So they sent me all by myself, but now I have best friends. This is >> Mika. >> Mika. Is that right? >> Mika. Normally it's Misha because he's German. >> Misha. >> Yeah. >> She's German. >> German. >> German. German. >> And this is Daniel. >> German. And this is Kurt. >> Is Belgium. >> Yes. I'm from Belgium. >> Yeah. We're from Belgium. And so and we are now all best friends. >> As you can see, I've eaten the whole thing. It was so good. >> You guys were sitting here eating and I look out and they're like, "It's snowing. It's like sleet. It's literally sleet snow. Somebody just walked by Arendelle. You can see the uh the blue the blue awning. You can see it's uh it's snow on it. Look at the ground. >> Okay, I'm gonna ask you a question. >> Can you say my favorite German word like a German? >> Like like your favorite? >> Yeah. Ready? I'll give you the word and you say it in German. >> Okay, I try. >> Like a German. >> Yeah. >> No. >> Nine. >> Nine. >> Nine. >> Nine. >> Okay. >> Nine. >> That's too easy. >> It depends when you say nine. You can say it in a different way. >> No. No. All Germans. Nine. Nine. >> Nine. >> Nine. >> Okay. If you please you do it. Say say nine. >> Nine. >> Nine. >> Nine. >> Nine. >> We are at the end. I just wanted to show the bar. Look at that tile work. >> Okay. Let's continue on with our adventure. You can see the details. Now, this is a very nice very nice uh restaurant. It's you can't come in without reservations, but reservations are going to be strongly encouraged. They said that uh they want everybody to have reservations. >> Yeah. So, this here is uh Belle from Beauty and the Beast. Just kidding. The staff the staff was very concerned. They're like, "No, no, no. Snow White, obviously. Then we have Belle. Okay. And then we have Jasmine. And Belle is very beloved here because you know French. >> Is she the Is she the best princess? >> I would say so. >> You would say so. Your favorite princess? >> I really like her. >> You like Belle? Belle? >> No. No. >> Ariel. >> Ariel. >> Really? >> I love Ariel. >> Who's your favorite princess? >> Rapunzel. >> Oh, Rapunzel. >> Who was that? >> Mulan. >> Oh, Mulan. Oh, nice. >> Oh, absolutely. My ring pays so much to her. This is the rose. >> Really? Absolutely. So, Belle >> Belle is the best. Yes. Okay. >> Who's your favorite princess? >> Belle. I love Belle. Yeah. She's She's smart. She's pretty. She's funny. >> Yeah. Yeah. She likes beasts. >> Yeah. Put on my rain slicker. I've left in about 2 hours. We have dinner reservations. Well, look at these. Look at the umbrellas. It's snowing. I love it. preview of Frozen and we get a little bit of snow. That is a good good omen. Oh, it's really exciting to come down again. But I have to go here cuz I have a uh they told me to come here cuz they gave me a certificate to exchange for a like a gift bag. >> So, they gave me this bag >> and Oh, are you here? I I was looking. Okay, Sam. She's our She's our bag model. Okay, this is Olaf. This is the bag they gave us. And you see that B Olaf has been dismembered. His body is just kidding. But it makes like a little hidden Mickey. Little cute nose. And if you turn it around, it says boom. World of Frozen. Where is it at? >> Disneyland Paris. There you go. So, this is amazing. And if it's nor they do sell this bag here, it's €35 if you'd like to purchase it. Oh, can you can you drag your hand down like like you know like like like this to make it look really nice? Yeah. >> Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Good. Good. Good. Nice. Okay. Well done. Well done. >> Thank you. >> You have a few hours before my dinner and then we have the show. So, I thought I'm going to go back to Arendelle. we can just kind of look at it and just enjoy it together and uh see if we could see any new details which you might have missed at the beginning of this video. And the thing is you can see I didn't I didn't do this earlier. You can walk down these stairs and get closer to the bay which is incredible. And I think this is like a good viewing area for the evening show. So, this evening show, think of it like the Epcot show, but I' I've heard people who have seen it have told me that it is actually better than the Epcot show, which I think is Wow. So, here we are down here kind of just checking this this new area out. So, yeah, they'll have a projections going here. It'll be nice. And overlook the bay, you'll be able to see this. And I'll show that to you as well. I might put that in a separate video just to uh keep it separate. So that way people who just want to watch the show don't have to don't have to get go through a whole video to get to the show. I wanted to show this because this is impressive. Okay, there's the Elsa's ice castle. That's the side right over here. This is the side that people see cuz you approach it. But look how far back that goes. That's really cool. It looks really good and it makes it look looks like there's excellent depth reception on that. Here we go. Just walking down here. You can see these this um it's just it's very immersive land. the Arendelle part here. When you are in Arendelle, it feels like you're in Arendelle, which is you like everywhere you look, it's just like, okay, we're in Arendelle. And I I love this detail that um like the castle, it looks like you could walk to it. You can't, but it makes it gives that illusion that you could still walk right to it. Now, the sun is very peeping out. Let's go down and see if it's going to hit that crystal that snowflake because it reflects if we can get it. I think it might be might be a little too low. You can see a little bit a little reflection in it. Maybe like on the tip of it, but yeah, it's and it's like this multi-layered, very detailed, and it reflects a light to look like a real snowflake. All right, now let's get to some secrets. Some deep secrets that most people don't know that I probably aren't showing you this. Ready? Check this out. This is the Arendelle. But if you come over here and look, you can see Brunie. Brun is in Frozen 2. There he is right there. See a little blue like lizard. So there's the snowflake. If you turn here is the bathrooms and then you have a trellis. But if you come around this trellis, all the way around, all the way around, there's Brunie, >> hidden right up there. >> Another one. >> One of my favorite stories about Frozen 2, according to Rumor, there's a part where Olaf is looking and he's like, "Samantha," and he's like, "I don't even know it's Samantha." Samantha. I I even know it's Samantha. Samantha. >> That was just he uh Josh Gat forgot his line and just said Samantha and they they kept it in cuz they started laughing and the animators liked it so much they kept it as a joke. Samantha. But if you come right over here to the Arendere Daily Press, what do we find? Samantha lost in the woods found. Friends and family rejoiced after the local girl turns up after several hours of wandering the enchanted forest. Samantha's mother told reporters, "We were worried sick. Our sweets ran after a bird and lost her way. Thank you came across a local enchanted summon Olaf." The girl was given a cup of hot chocolate and a local drink post while she waited for her parents. This is crazy weather report. Warm and sunny with a chance of scattered summer snow. We had that today. This is amazing. Prince Hans, disgraced son of the king of Southern Isles, victim of musterous wind, weird weather. Prince Hans, the 13th son of his royal majesty, the king of Southern Isles, was cleaning horse manure. Out of the royal stables, this Tuesday pass this Tuesday and penance for his disgraceful actions against the crown. Suddenly, out of blue, on a beautiful clear day, he was struck by a rather large snowball and knocked squarely into a large steaming pile of horse excrement. Onlookers were quick to note that Royal Stinker finally got his stinking desserts. Meanwhile, the snowball's origin is still mystery. Or is it? And there's a drawing. Oh boy. >> Artist rendering firsthand eyewitness accounts. They're beginning the presentation of the boats. Now, I saw this earlier, but now we're going to see it at night time a little bit. Wow. >> The nice thing about it being on this boat is you could see all the people all around here. Wherever you are, you could see Everyone knows what true embrace. These are the flowers. >> They're trying to find the flowers. Oh, >> yes. Very good. >> Love it. the boat. >> Remember, oh make the pedals in the boat. >> I'm going to walk around the other side because the fountains are colored and I want to show the colored fountains. >> Oh my gosh, that's so I'm so happy. >> Oh my gosh. Hello. Hi. >> Queen Elsa makes the prettiest snow plates. >> Oh my gosh. >> All right, you have a new friend. Yes, >> he loves making want to be friends. >> I love that. >> A little troll all the way from Troll Valley all the way up there. >> It's nice to meet you. It's a pleasure. >> Her with me today so she can come and celebrate the festival. >> Yes, celebrate the festival. I love this. Oh my, she's so cute and darling. >> Is beautiful. >> That is true. Did you see the f >> right now with the boats? >> It's amazing. It's amazing. But this is this is worth it to say hi. Well, it's a pleasure to meet you guys. >> Lovely to meet you. >> Thank you. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. >> Bye, new friend. >> Bye. >> You have a new friend. >> Yes. >> Okay. >> So, you can see that they have multiple shows a day. >> It's hard to see if you're not right against the fence. >> Just to be aware. I kill you the royal sister. Oh no, I visit beautiful. >> Hello everyone. Thank you all for being here today. This is a good view. It's really pretty, I would say. Um, and I have very limited knowledge, but the evening show is prettier. Just looks really good. I like the look of it. It's really nice. I love little Olaf. It's just like you can't help but smile when you see him. Heat. Heat. Look at those pink clouds, too. It's almost like they're painted on all the fireworks in the boats. I missed it again. Looks so good. There is Arendelle. If you look right there, you can see the third Bruny hidden right in the center of the screen right now. Do you see him? Little Brunie right there. That's the third one. Amazing detail. And there the boats go. They're going away for the night. >> Fun fun show. I have to show you another cast member uh outfits cuz their outfits are amazing. All right, so I want to show the cast members their outfits. This is for the whole area, the prominade area. The hat is very good. I love the hat. You got the bow tie and the back the it but it buttons all the way up. It looks very good. Yes. Yay. Thank you. All right, I'm going to go show you some more secrets now. Let's go look at some more secrets. All right, there are some cool secrets inside this attraction. I need to show you. While you're waiting in line, you're going to see a bookshelf with a book that's prominent. Let's see if I can zoom in on that. And the name of that book is called The Snow Queen. Now, The Snow Queen was a book written by Hans Christian Anderson, and that is the inspiration for Frozen. Of course, there are lots of carrots for Stin. There's a portrait of Kristoff and Sven. And there's also a love letter from Anna. Dear Kristoff, when up is down and day is night, you always see me home. Thank you for being my true north. Love, Anna. Now, this line doesn't go by it, so I can't quite get close enough to it, but you see that he stores all his ice in that room, so it's cold. And look, he keeps some chilled carrots for Savan. Right in the center of the sk screen, you see some chilled carrots. That's a good friend. >> More carrots. If you look on the screen, you'll see shooting stars. Check. Look by shooting star. Keep looking. Keep looking. And ready. Come on. Shooting. There goes one. And you better go a little bit lower. Right below the Roy Boralis. Now, I want to show you one of my very favorite very favorite hidden secrets here is when you come in here to see Anna and Elsa, you come down here. >> If you look, you'll walk past it. So, you got to be careful. Always turn the corner. When you see this here, look this pole. And you'll see Anna and Elsa, their health, their their height and their handwriting. Isn't that amazing? That's a great one. Before I go into dinner, I'm going to show you one more one more crazy secret here about Frozen Ever After. Okay, so when you're riding the ride, you're going to see these little frozen snowballs. And then every one of them has a tooth except for one. There's only one that doesn't have a tooth. Okay, there's only one little snowball guy that has every one of them has one little tooth except for this one at the very end right here. He right there. He's smiling. He's the only one that doesn't have a tooth. Other than that, every one of those those little snowball guys has a little tooth except for that one guy. Even Olaf has a tooth except for that one guy right over there just smiling to the smile. Oh, let's take a look at Arendelle at night time. That looks gorgeous. And as you come across, you can see the all the buildings have the lights turned on and they've come this way. And look at the castle. Oh my gosh, that looks so good. And look, it reflects on the lagoon. It's like a Disney castle. Oh, wait. I was looking at these buildings. I'm like, "Oh my gosh, there's a fake pelican or whatever bird." And I think that's a real bird just perched up there. But if you'll notice, the lights are on in the buildings. That's what I was trying to show. Anyways, it makes it look amazing at nighttime. Just magical. Now, I'm not so sure. I think that is a fake bird. Oh, the the snowflakes are lighting up the music. Can you see it light up? It's got little light in it. Well, that was cool. Unexpected, but cool. The next thing I have is a reservation. My group is the last one to get to go into the restaurant. I'll show you that. And then you see they built this little barge out here. This This will be the fireworks display right there. And the boat's going away. So, let's take a go to dinner, then I'll show you that. I just want to show you how well it's lit up at night cuz it looks so good. Let's flip the camera around and show you. Oh, it's very cold right now. I will say that. But look at this. Is this will be the entrance. This is how most people walk in. Look, it's very well lit up. They come down here. This is the Toy Story entrance. That's looks very nice. Then let's go take a look over here at the boat. And it's just it's those white soft glow light bulbs that Disney has that makes everything look good. Oh, look. The lantern is lit up. Both of Whoa. Hold on. Hold on. What is this? What is this? What do we got there? this the lantern. I want to walk on the other side. See what's in that lantern. Oh, it's the flower that mother Gothal has. So that's the flower inside that. It's glowing. Amazing. And you can see it's all lit up here for the spinning ride. >> All right, guys. We're about to go into Nordic Crowns Tavern. All right, we just came in. Oh, my hands are frozen. Now, I'm going to show you something that you need to know. There is a little kitty from what? Oaken uh from Olaf's escape thing. Little kitty cat. Cutest little thing ever. There's Anna and Elsa. And we are going to be going in. Let's go. So, the options are salmon and crushed potatoes, meatballs and crushed potatoes, salmon and quinoa. You could also Oh, that looks kind of good. Oh, come on. This everlasting snow. >> Everlasting snow. Fruit >> snow. >> Red fruit center. What is this? Okay, we order our food. I'm here with my German friends. Hi. >> And when they were ordering, he's like, "Oh, das kaput." >> Nine. >> I was like, >> but you say also kaput in in France. So you say like for something is destroyed. >> Destroyed. Okay. Yes. But we ordered food. I got meatballs, meatballs, salmon, and also includes a drink and a dessert. So, we'll show you the food here. And I've had people friends who have eaten here already, and I've heard very good things. So, I'm with my German friends and I was like, "Oh, 67." And they're like, >> "What? >> What? What is that?" I was like, "Oh, obviously that did not translate to Germany." So, >> I saw TikTok. Oh, yeah. Six of it. >> Right. So, we have like lots of YouTubers here, so we're all going to take turns talking about our food. I'll go first. This is meatballs. This is potatoes. This is a little salad. And I have a a cookie. And this is drink you only get here in France. It's called Tropico. Yes. And I was told that the potatoes taste like potatoes. >> Yeah, it's really like that. You really can feel the potatoes. >> Wow. So that's a good sign. And then she also got the same thing. And you got the salmon. >> Salmon. Yes. Salmon looks good. >> And the ice cream. >> And ice cream with sprinkles. >> Sprinkles. Sprinkles. Flowers. >> Yes. Okay. >> Oh, the cutlery. The the utensils. Yes. You know, I hate eating on camera, so I'll tell you when I'm done how it is. Sprinkles. Sprinkles. >> Sprinkles. How do you say sprinkles in German? >> Sounds intense. >> Lavend lavender. >> How do you say meatball? fly. >> Okay. >> With pure >> puree puree puree. Okay. >> Yeah. Yeah. Okay. >> All right. Food review. I ate it all. >> It's good. It's good. Like it's not It's not like It's not like, "Wow, this is the best I've had." But it's good. But I will say this. Guess what? The potatoes. >> Potatoey. >> Potatoes >> because they are potatoes. >> Yes. And the the salmon's gone. >> Gone. This was amazing. >> The cookie. Oh no. Oh no. >> It's too much. Sprinkles too much. How is your cookie? >> Amazing. Another one. >> Yeah, I would eat another I would too. >> Yeah, but I'm kind of difficult in eating. I'm eating like a child. >> You don't eat vegetables? Yeah. >> You don't eat vegetables? >> And no salad. >> What? >> Never. >> Sprinkles. >> Only sprinkles. Lavender. >> Well, okay. Welcome to Germany. >> I felt like the food is good. That restaurant's very nice, very easy. Uh, I was told it's about $22, $22 that gives you a meal, um, a drink and so on, like a complete meal. But I had no complaints. I thought the meatballs were pretty good. You know what that kind of reminded me of though? This might not be a very good endorsement. But if you ever had the meatballs at IKEA, that's kind of like what it tastes like to me. I also found out that I could go to those, you know, earlier those snacks that we're looking at. I can get a snack. I have a little coupon to get a snack to try. So, oh, I can't go this way. I have to walk all the way around. I don't know if I can do that. It's closed because the show is going to be happening. They close it so the boats can go through. So, okay. All right. So, I think what I'm going to do, this video has gotten quite long. Um, and then we also have the evening show. Wait a minute. Did you like this video yet? Did you? Did you? You did. Okay. I think what I'll do is I'll post a separate video just to the show then for you guys because you like this video. If you haven't liked it, well then like it. Let's do this. And then also uh you can hit the subscribe. I don't know if you knew this, the subscribe button's free. You can click on that and just subscribe this channel. Watch all the videos of ours that you want to watch and those that you don't want to watch. And then lastly, before I get all situated here, we are coming to Europe Pro Park Pass in June, June 13th through June 20th. If you want to come and hang out with me at Disneyland Paris, come here and come here this amazing land with me. There are basically six spots kind of. There's a single female who's looking for a roommate to share a room with. She's looking for a female. There's a single male also looking for a roommate, a single male. And then we have a spot for four more people. That could be one group of four or two groups of two. If you want to come with us, click the link down below. You'll get all the information sent to you and you decide if you want to come or not. But once those spots are gone, we cannot take anymore. We cannot take anymore. We'll be going to Eftling for 2 days and then coming down here to Paris, then to Disneyland Paris for 2 days. and you'll be able to see this in person with me if you want to do that. All right, let's check this all out. I think we can get one of these guys. Um, I think they're all the same. Maybe the Sunbeam, the Bayou Bliss, the Sleeping Beauty's Dream. Uh, it's per I think they're all the same. All right. All right. All right. All right. If Miles is here, he would choose Tiana. That's his favorite. But I love Sleeping Beauty. I'm going to choose her, I think. All right. So, I told them they could choose. They're choosing the princess. Wait, the big reveal. Yes. I love her. It's good. Very good. Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Bye-bye. >> Have a nice day. >> Thank you. All right. Look at this. And I got a hot chocolate. And they asked me like, "Do you want sugar for your hot chocolate?" Which that confused me. I was like, "Do you do I need to add sugar?" And they're like, "Yes." And I was like, "Oh, okay. I I guess you add your sugar to your hot chocolate, which is what I'm going to try to do. I would assumed I would have thought that that would have been the case. Hold on. I'm trying to do this. Okay, that seems like a lot, but I don't know. Just doing what they told me to do. Now you got to stir it. Stir that hot chocolate. Stir that hot chocolate. Stir. Stir. Stir. Stir. Stir. Stir. Stir. Stir. Stir, stir, stir, stir, stir, stir, stir. Uh-uh. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. How hot do you think it is? Hey, I like I like it. I'm freezing cold and this is ice cream, but we could try it. I just really want to get down to that bun part. Okay, hang on. So, for me, I took the uh the big thing of ice cream off. I left that there. Let's try it. Oh. Oh, yeah. Would you like ice cream? And the the uh the bread is sweet and soft. Uh-huh. Cannot go wrong. I actually just like the bread. There wasn't any ice cream in it. See if I could get the ice cream out of the bread. Okay, I got most of the ice cream gone. Oh yeah, that's good. Mhm. Hey, don't judge me. I think on a hot day this is going to be a winner. Okay, let's have hot cocoa. That's the stuff. Oh, they just closed it down. I was the last one. There we go. At least close out those doors. I mean, bam, they are fast. All right, let's go find a spot for the show. I'll put that in another video. Tell me what you think is the coolest part here at Frozen Land Disney Paris. This is actually called Adventure Way. Everything I'll be showing you is Adventure Way. That is the Rapunzel area, the Toy Story area, the um Arendelle, all of that is Adventure Way. It's now the new retheing of Adventure World here at Walt Disney World. I'm sorry, Disneyland Paris. But I think a lot of people are just going to call it Frozen Land or the world of Frozen because it is kind of that's what that's the crown jewel of it. Let's just get a little hot cocoa. Just the right amount of sugar. Just the right amount of sugar. Okay. Thank you so much for joining me. I appreciate you. I hope you've enjoyed this video. I hope it's been entertaining. It's been fun and you've learned something new and seen something. And uh for those of you who maybe don't have the opportunity to travel, I hope this has been good for you and you've enjoyed it. I like taking you along with me on these adventures. So, I don't I honestly don't know. I've heard there are four screens and somebody said that this Regal Tavern or restaurant is going to have a VIP package where you get a dining and then you could actually watch the show. So, I'm like, if that's VIP, then that means that this area has to be pretty good. Plus, I like to see Arendelle in the background. Okay. Absolutely insane. So, we're hearing music. It's like it reminds me of OogieOogie Bash. He's got like the gorilla devil. They're playing this rock and roll music. We are in a special seating area. So, right in front of me here, let me show you. This is the projectors that's going to be projecting onto this big screen over your water screen. There's also, you see these little white bubbles on the water? Oops. Hold on. Those are the drones. Those are the drones that'll be flying out. So, this should be a good show. I'm excited for it. Oh wow. I really liked it. Kids are going to love it. It's exactly, you know, Enjoy Disney casket of life. >> Great. >> May inspiration continue to reveal a hero inside your heart. >> Oh boy. >> Have a wonderful rest of your evening. >> Oh well guys, this has been your sneak preview. The very first look at Disney Adventure Way, the new Disney Adventure World, Frozen Land. I tried to show you everything I could in one day. Wow, what a fun day. Uh, Megan Design Paris for inviting me to this the inside ears the for being here. It's an honor and I I enjoy it. I love it. I really like Disneyland Paris a lot. It's fun. Oh, they're cheering. It's just fun. It's fun to be here. It's different. It's not like Disneyland. It's a little bit different, but it's got it's it's not it's good in different ways, which I like. And it's kind of it's fun to be here. It reminds me like when I used to go to Disney and be like that whole like, oh my gosh, cuz when I'm here at Disney Paris, that's how I feel the whole time. I'm like looking around like, look at all this amazingness. This is going to be an amazing addition here for Disneyland without a doubt to Disneyland Paris. And eventually they're going to have the Lion King portion. That's going to be a win, too. Just onward and upward up and to the right. Oh, I can see the fireworks going over at Disneyland Paris across the way there. and your favorite world to an end. We hope you had a wonderful >> set this exclusive day at Disney World adventure is now coming to end. >> That was fun to watch the thing, but like it was the wind is blowing. It was blowing the water like my glasses were getting like water droplets on it and my hands were freezing. Oh, but what a day. What a day. I had to talk to you. Hang on. Oh, look. They have it open just like it will be when the park really opens. So, they had us come through the side door here. This is the side door they had us come through. But when the park when it opens to the public, this is right where it'll come through. So, how fun. How fun. We get to walk right through and right out. I'll show you how close it is to the entrance. It's going to This is going to make it feel like it's an extension. Like when you come through that building, that's the building you walk through to come into the uh this park. You're going to open up and you're just going to look straight down here and it's going to look like a main street. This Adventure Way is just going to be so inviting. You're just going to walk want to walk right down it. Look at that. We're So, this takes us right out. Oh, yeah. It's going to be so nice. And there's a lot of excitement here. People are getting very excited about it. I think that um the people here in Europe are very excited to have this new land. It's it's a welcome site for them and I'm happy for them. So, here we go. Yep. See? And you're just going to walk right through here. This will be all open. So, you can see the floor just matches. It's awesome. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. And then you can see Walt's the partner statue with Mickey right down here. They're playing some good music here as we exit the park. keep our spirits up. There's a Walt and Mickey partner statue. Hey everybody, it's at the end of this video. I just want to take a quick moment to talk to you. I just got into the apartment. I've been editing this video. I fell asleep and then I realized I didn't have an ending. Was editing. So, I'm adding the ending now. I want to talk to you. You are amazing. Did you know that you make the world a better place? You are unique. You matter. And you are special. And the secret that I found in life is if you want to truly learn to love yourself, then you need to have all those qualities that you truly admire. So if you admire honesty, then be honest. And if you admire integrity, then have integrity. This will allow you to love you yourself. Thank you so much for watching. Stay tuned for more Disney content. I will see you very soon.
