---
video_id: rOPvAS4fUXE
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "BREAKING NEWS Disney Creates Shocking NEW TICKET Offer  "
published: 2026-04-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOPvAS4fUXE
---
Hello everybody. I have some breaking news. We have major breaking news. I know that yesterday we had breaking news. That was an April Fool's joke. This is not an April Fool's joke. We have breaking news. As you can see, I am at Walt Disney World. And Walt Disney World just announced a brand new ticket that's never been offered in the history of Disney down here at Walt Disney World. They have the after 2:00 p.m. ticket that was just announced today on April 2nd. The after 2 p.m. ticket is a ticket you can buy if you're going to go into any of the uh Walt Disney World parks after 2 p.m. It's a really good deal. I'm going to break it down for you, but there's actually some better deals going on cuz I want you to save your money. So, it was just announced that this brand new ticket is coming. It's called the after 2 p.m. ticket at Walt Disney World. You can buy this ticket. It comes to about $120 per day. You can go in after 2:00 p.m. to one park. You cannot park hop. So, if I buy an after 2 p.m. ticket, I go to Magic Kingdom. Anytime after 2, I go to Animal Kingdom. I could go to Epcot. I can go to Hollywood Studios. But I I just want to say this. You have to buy a minimum of two tickets. So, it has to be two tickets. And uh so, you have to um when I say minimum two tickets, I mean it's for two days or you can also buy a 3-day pack of these after 2:00 p.m. tickets. Now, why would you want to do this? Well, if you happen to be like a sleeper inner and you like that you don't get up really early and you don't get to park until after 2 anyways, then you can save yourself a little bit of money and buy a little bit cheaper ticket. There are some things to think about. You can't park hop. No more park hopping. Can't do that if you have the after 2 p.m. ticket. The other thing is I would also recommend this. If you ever thinking about doing this ticket, do not get the Animal Kingdom as Animal Kingdom usually closes around what around 6:00 or so. So, the after 2 PM ticket, I don't think is a good deal for the Animal Kingdom. All right. Now, you're thinking, well, that's a kind of a cool deal. Why are they doing this? This ticket is unprecedented. It's never been done here at Walt Disney World. It's brand new. I think Walt Disney World is kind of maybe pandering towards the local people who maybe want to come to the park after 2 p.m. that don't want to get a a magic key. But, is it the best deal? It's not. There is actually some better deals you can get on your tickets. And I'm going to talk about this right now. If you are thinking about coming down to Walt Disney World, see this beautiful castle? They just repainted it. It's the blue and gray or the blue and white depending on how well you see that you can see get this brand new uh castle. See how gorgeous it is. There is this magic ticket you get. It's a 4day magic ticket for Walt Disney World. It is the best prices on tickets. It's about $110 per ticket and you're going you buy it. It becomes a four the four different parks. Magic Kingdom, Epcot, Hollywood Studios, and Animal Kingdom. But here's the thing that you have to know is these are not park hoppers and you have to and you can you have to go to one park each one different park each day. So if you're thinking of going to Magic Kingdom two days in a row, you don't want to get this magic 4-day pass because you can only go to Magic Kingdom one day and the next day go to Hollywood Studios and the next day is Epcot and the next day after that is uh Animal Kingdom. But if that sounds good to you, this is the absolute best deal you can get. And this goes from uh May 26th to the end of September. That's also for the after 2 pm. It's from May 26 till the end of September. That's the only time that these tickets are available. But wait, there's more. If you have a Disney Plus subscription, if you have a Disney Plus subscription, you can get the absolute best savings you've ever got here at Walt Disney World. And what you're going to do is you're going to call 1855 Getaway. 1855 Getaway. You're going to book, you're going to get that like that 4-day ticket. Boom, boom, boom, boom. And then you're going to tell them you have a Disney Plus. They'll verify that. And you can get hotels down here at Walt Disney World at a Disney resort for as little as $99 a night. Some of these hotels, now this this deal, this Disney Plus deal is going to sell out. They did this last year. It's sold out very fast. So, if you are interested in doing this, you need to book it almost immediately for that Disney Plus deal. If you have a Disney Plus subscription and you're thinking of coming down here to Walt Disney World anytime from May 26th till the end of September, you get the lowest prices on the hotels. If you call 1855 Getaway, 1855 getaway and you approve that you have that Disney Plus subscription, you will get the lowest prices on your hotels. That Disney Plus deal will work with the after 2 p.m. tickets if that's the route that you want to go or they work with a magic fourack ticket, but that doesn't allow park hoppers. Of course, though, if you're like, "No, no, no. I don't care. I want We want park hopping. We want to be able to go all the different parks you want. We want to be able to go in and out of the parks at any time we want. They have the normal tickets for you as well at Getaway Today. And you can get the absolute lowest prices on those tickets as well. So, just to recap, brand new ticket, unprecedented, offered here at Walt Disney World, the after 2:00 p.m. ticket. It's for two days or three days. So, you have to use this. It's for two or three days. It's about $120 per day and you can only get the going to one park after 2 p.m. Then if you want the best deal I think you get is the magic fourpack. You get the magic fourpack. It's one park per day. Uh you go you can't park hop. You have to go to each of the four parks. That's about $110 per day and that's a really good deal and that's good till the end of September. And then of course you can stack that with that Disney Plus uh subscription. So, if you have a Disney Plus subscription, you get the best rates on your hotels. You get the lowest prices on your tickets. That Disney Plus subscription though, it's going to go by that's going to sell out. It's limited quantities. And once it's gone, it is gone. Yeah. Literally, I was just walking around here at Walt Disney World with my wife and son. This news just broke, so I had to tell you guys about it. I want to make sure you guys are saving the most amount of money you can. If you want to come down here, this is a good time. This is such a fun We're having such a fun little vacation, and you guys can do that, too. Save yourself some money and get the best prices on your tickets. Call 1855 Getaway. 1855 Getaway. Tell them Park sent you and you can get the very best prices. All right, guys. What do you think about this after 2 p.m. ticket? I think it's interesting. It's never been done before. They're offering here only at Walt Disney World. Only at Walt Disney World the after 2:00 p.m. ticket. Why do you think Disney is offering this? This is something new. It's never been done here. I mean, is that something you'd be interested in? I don't know. Maybe when you come on vacation, maybe you don't get in until after 2 every single day. And maybe this is the best way to do it. All right, guys. Well, that's all I got. That's the breaking news I have for you here at Walt Disney World. And um tomorrow you're going to see my travel day down here. Uh that video is supposed to come out today, but that's going to be bumped because we have this breaking news. But tomorrow you see Amanda, Miles, and I are traveling down here to Walt Disney World and show you all this amazingness. And then we got a whole bunch of other cool videos coming up. If you haven't, hit the the like button. It's a little thumb up. Hit the subscribe button and subscribe. We have much this great content. This castle looks fantastic. Looks above it. Do you like the pink and purple one better or I don't. That's just one of the best looking castles I've ever seen. I just realized I didn't have a chance to talk to you. There's a little fountain right there. I need to take a second to talk to you to tell you how amazing you are. I hope you know that I'm talking to you right now. You make the world a better place. You really do. You are awesome. You are unique. And you are special. Your energy makes this world a better place. And if you're struggling right now with a little bit of depression, a little bit of sadness, or maybe you're feel unappreciated at work, or maybe you feel a little underappreciated uh in a relationship, it will get better. You don't have the right to quit, but it's going to get better. I appreciate you. You're amazing. Beautiful castle. Come on down here to Walt Disney World. Enjoy it, guys. This is Main Street. Looks great. >> Can you believe that they're offering an after 2 p.m. ticket? I've never seen this before. Disney's never done this. It's unprecedented. After 2, you come in, no park hopping. Save yourself some money. I personally would just get the fourack ticket. But, you know, to each their own. And if you have a Disney Plus subscribe subscription, you're going to get the lowest rights. Okay, I'll see you guys in the next video. I just had to break some news and tell you how to save money uh on your next vacation out here to Walt Disney World. Bye everybody. Talk you later. Bye-bye. >> Like I said, today's video is supposed to come out, but it didn't. Got bumped because of this breaking news. But if you watch tomorrow, come out tomorrow, you'll see uh Amanda received some news that really upsets her. Uh it's kind of silly, but then again, I think it's very merited and you'll see that in tomorrow's video. Hit the like and subscribe. I'll see you guys later. Talk to you later. Bye-bye, everybody. There's my family. We're going to quickly go get a little bit of uh popcorn just for fun, just to show you how awesome this is. We're going to see cuz I saw some popcorn stuff over here that maybe Amanda might really like. >> Amanda just discovered this. You come in here, you pick up your flavor, and she's going to get what she wants. >> So, she got butter popcorn right there. Oh my gosh. >> The butter popcorn. >> White chocolate. >> She's going to get white chocolate put on this. This is crazy. >> Oh my gosh. Stop. >> I just want Snickers. >> You want Snickers on it over M&amp;M's? >> You can have >> I always get M&amp;M's. >> You always get it. >> I think Snickers. Snickers. >> Oh, are you serious? You're breaking it up. >> This is This is craziness. your second. >> Oh, second. No. Um, well, just a few M&amp;M's in the corner. >> M&amp;M? >> Yeah. >> Oh my gosh. >> In the corner. >> Just in the corner of that round. A little corner in the round box. >> M&amp;M. >> Oh my gosh. >> Just like in the corner. >> Thank you. >> It's the corner around being >> Thank you. That's good. And then they're going to cover that bad boy up with some popcorn. >> Interesting. >> This is like This is designed exactly for you. Oh no. Oh my gosh. >> They have dark chocolate. Oh, this is crazy. >> I thought I would just share this with you guys. I know it's a breaking news video, but I figured you'd want to see it. Anyways, this is breaking news. >> There's more. >> There's more. So cool. >> How did I not know about that? >> I don't know how you didn't know, but Oh no, here it comes. Just in the corner. >> Just in the corner >> to split. >> Thank you. >> I don't know why you said that in the corner, babe. That's so funny. >> It looks amazing. >> Oh my gosh. >> How did we not know about this? >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Oh my gosh. I think you should get the amazing deal so you can come get this popcorn. >> Really? >> Apparently that's the whole that's the whole reason we're here. >> Amazing deal so I can come back and get more popcorn cuz now I was like, "Wait, I think I want some adult and pretzels." >> Oh, that sounds good. I don't know if the after two would work for you cuz you want to be here first thing in the morning to get your popcorn. All right, guys. Hit the like and subscribe. >> After two is perfect for popcorn. >> Oh, it's perfect. Call that 1855 getaway. Tell the park pass sent you. You get the lowest prices on your tickets. They also have tickets for Disneyland and Universal Studios to get low prices there, too. We were under the like wave of a train. I look over, she's like >> busted. So good. >> How good is it? >> This is better than all the popcorn I've ever had at Disney World. Like all of them. Epcot, everywhere. This is so good. It is my perfect treat. >> Show your fingers. Oh my gosh. >> Don't look at me. I'm hideous.
