---
video_id: t_Z7d_1DxTs
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Amanda Travels To Disneyland Paris And REALLY REALLY REALLY Struggles"
published: 2026-03-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_Z7d_1DxTs
---
Ah, I'm going to Disneyland Paris. >> She's going to Disneyland Paris. >> Ah, this is insane. So, Chris got back and now it's my turn. So, I'm Amanda. If people don't know who I am, I'm Chris's wife. So, you guys get to come along with me for a couple of days. I am holding you hostage and then I promise I am handing you right back over to the man, the myth, the legend, Chris. >> Oh my gosh. I just got back yesterday and we're in my Dutch pinball museum and uh tomorrow today Amanda's going to Disney Paris. So, we Miles and Amanda were invited to go to an after hours sneak preview of Frozen the the Disney Adventure World. >> Yes, the world of Frozen before it opened. So, this is a totally different experience. Chris is not coming. Um, our son could not make it. But I'm actually not by myself. I was able to have a girlfriend that was able to come last minute. She literally booked her plane tickets like a few hours ago. So, I'm really not by myself. But it's just girls going, which is, you know, we'll be able to show you a different experience and maybe uh show you like the good, the bad, and hopefully things don't go horribly arry. But if they do, >> like if I get us on the wrong train or something. What if I get us on the wrong train and we end up in like Portugal or something? >> Then you're going to have a good time in Portugal. No matter what ever happens, it's going to be great. >> Anyway, >> yeah, I'm excited. I'm excited. Oh, by the way, you're wearing a brand new Disney outfit. >> I am. So, this is from Chris that he just brought home. I uh did a quick wash and now I am wearing it. It's like a little tracksuit. >> Can I tell you I'm a little jealous? >> Why are you jealous? >> Because when I was in Disney Paris, >> Yeah. >> it was raining almost every single day and the one day it didn't rain, it snowed, >> which is perfect >> on frozen day. On frozen day and I was looking at the app and you getting gorgeous >> weather. >> It's gorgeous weather there. So, I want to hear from you guys as I go. I don't like just thinking that I'm talking to no one on the camera. So, whatever you guys have questions about, things you want me to show, anything like that at all, if there's like funny instances that you're like, "Oh my gosh, Amanda, you totally like messed that up and you guys ended up in Portugal." That is to like like it is totally I want you guys to have fun with me. I want you guys to be my little bffs on this crazy journey. And then again, I'll hand you right back over to Chris. Well, I love this. This is so cute. You look good in that. >> And I've got like pants, too, that match. I'm like full. >> They're like breakaway pants, too. >> So, >> Oh, cool. >> Okay. That's nice. Not going to be using that feature. >> I was like, maybe. >> No, no, I'm not breaking away any pants. These pants are stand. >> Yeah, you got to do it for YouTube. >> Up for the Okay. If you guys want me to break away my pants, >> let me know in the comments below. Maybe I'll do it for you. >> Yes. Yeah. Okay. Cuz this this will be the end of my video. This will be the clip that she used video. If you want to say break What do we say? Break those pants. >> Break those pants. We got to get settled on on the plane. 10-hour flight, land, then once I get to the Paris airport, then I feel like that's going to be really stressful. Just like figure out where to go. Immigration. >> It's always the most stressful. >> It's been When was the last time I was there? A year ago. >> Yeah. You're going to >> So, it's been, you know, just a little bit of time. Um, hopefully. I'm just hoping when I get there, it'll be like, "Oh, I recognize this. I can do this. I can get us to where we need to be." How do you vlog with your arm? My arm's tired. Do you have like one arm of steel? >> You have like lots of like muscles in one arm. >> Yeah. >> I'm not used to this. I don't do YouTube. I do not vlog like this. So, please, that's like one thing I'm like, you guys can laugh around with me, but please don't laugh at me. You know what I mean? Like, I don't vlog. I'm not used to this. So, you guys are just on for a wild ride. >> Wild ride. >> The wildest ride in the wilderness. >> Woohoo. So, buckle up. Okay. Almost airport time. >> Chris is getting my back on. >> I had it on one shoulder. >> I think I'm sending like a little child. I'm like, you can do this. Get that back on. I had it on one shoulder and he's like, "Let's put it off all shoulders." >> So, I get the proper weight distribution. >> Weight distribution. Make it easy for you. And I have my broken suitcase. >> Yeah. >> My Mickey Mouse. See, look. Can you see the little wheel? Where is it? Where am I showing? Right there. >> It's just a little nubb in. I never get nervous for travel ever. I think this is the first time in my life. I think cuz I'm just It's I'm on my own, but I'm also responsible for my friend. If everything goes well, >> there. Look how cute she looks. Got the little outfit on. Do a spin, babe. >> Yep. The Disney outfit. You look great. Okay. >> Break away. >> Oh, those are the breakaway pants. See the buttons? They breakaway. >> Okay, I got through security. I'm at my gate. Um, it says Paris. Isn't that so fun? And then we got little Jamba juices to um start out our trip. So yeah, my friend made it. We're here. We're boarding in about 15 minutes and then it's go time. Okay, I made it on the flight. I have pretty good seats. Not too bad. Got my pillow and blanket. We're ready to take off. They came through first with a little hot tow, which is so nice. And then the drinks come next. I got a Coke Zero and a water. And then next comes the food. And dinner is served. So they offer chicken or pasta. And I got the pasta. It's a vegetarian option. And see what it is today. Spinach and cheese lasagna. Okay, this one's not bad. Let's do it. Bone up a tea. And it usually has like a little salad. This one might be the corn salad. Let's see. Oh, I can open it up. Oh, they have one. Like I don't know if there's chickpeas in there, but it's just a little random medley assortment. You guys are 10 minutes later. This is just stuff that go down. This is ridiculous. You see in there? There it is. Hi. Medley of vegetables and then a hard roll. And then there's usually a dessert like a lemon. But I bet there's a lemon something. You guys, I'm struggling. There it is. Lemon blondie. All right, let's see. Better view of the food, but I'm petite. Not bad. The worst part are the wooden spoons. That's been not too bad. Kind of tasty. Pinky time now. All right, I just turned on the lights. It's time to start waking up. They're going to bring their breakfast. I It's looked okay. I slept a few hours like before. It's pretty good. It's pretty good. So, hurry and feed you and then before you know it, it's kind of I don't know where we are right now. I'm assuming we're over like Ireland maybe. I don't know. Maybe not quite there yet. I love to see the little like airplane to see where you are. It's been a pretty good night. Almost ready to land. So pretty and green. Oh my goodness. Love it. We landed in Paris. I'm so excited. Um, we have a train to catch. I don't know if we're going to catch this one. It's in 20 minutes. If not, then we have to wait an hour for the next one. But we'll figure it out. I'm just happy to be here. We made it. Okay. Figuring out where to go. Not really sure, but we'll figure it out. All right. We're still plugging along. Okay, that looks promising. Train station. Phew. We're doing good. >> All right, we did it. We made it to the train station. And there is our train. We're just waiting for our gate number. And then we'll be on our short little train, which is so nice. Straight little uh 11 minute ride to Disneyland Paris. This train is just pulling in. I don't know if it's ours, but we're going to we're going to find out. It's either taking us to Disneyland or to Portugal. So either way, it'll be a fun time. Chris was like, "Just sit in the little bucket seat so then you can have a nice little exit." That's what we're doing. Yay! On our way. Should be there in just a couple minutes. So convenient. Ah, this looks familiar. We're here. Yay. Now we're taking the Disney buses to the hotel and they're like cute. They're marked. Feels like Disney World kind of, but just super super smaller scale. We're going to Sequoa Lodge. We made it. Disney's Sequoia Lodge. This is where Chris and I and Miles always stay. And it feels so good to be back. It's so beautiful. It's really like rustic and cozy. We loved doing the Golden Forest Club lounge. We're not doing it this time. That's okay. I'm still happy to be here. All right, so we rushed in. We went to the bathroom, did a little change, a little refresh, if you will, and then we're hitting the ground running. So stay tuned. Don't go anywhere because I've got the preview of Frozen happening soon. The world of Frozen. I'm so excited. And then I'm going to do some Disney Paris videos for you guys as well. So we've got Frozen, we've got a Disney Paris video. Stay tuned. Come along. I'm so happy that you're here. And then don't worry, I'll send you right back over to Chris. But thanks for joining me on this little travel vlog. I can't believe we made it. We're not in Portugal. Ah, it's so good to be here and what a beautiful day. I love this. So, we're heading into Disney Village and then straight to the parks and then the Sequoia Lodge is right here. Beautiful. So nice. And then there is New York Marvel. >> Bonjour. Bonjour. >> Bonjour. >> This is my friend Jamie. You might have recognized her from Ren Disney. She's my Ren Disney friend, but we've actually been friends since we were like five or six or >> seven. like little little. So, we've been friends for a long time and she's a fellow Disney um lover. >> Yes. >> And we're here to explore. So, she gets to be my plus one. >> Welcome to Disney Village. This is their Downtown Disney if you're familiar with California or Disney Springs in Florida. So cute. It does need a little bit. It looks like they've done some work. They've done some remodeling. That looks good. But I think I remember that was under construction last time. And that looks good. That looks pretty. Like this Billy Bobs over here. I don't think they do that anymore. So, I don't know what they're going to do in this little area, but Oh, and there's still more construction up there. So, that they're still working on it. It's coming along. >> So beautiful. All right. Welcome to Disneyland Paris. So, we're starting here and then we have our awesome event tonight, World of Frozen preview. We're so excited. And then we're going to be back here tomorrow at Disneyland Paris. So, stay tuned because we've got the World of Frozen preview and then Disneyland Paris video. But this is awesome because you walk underneath the hotel and boom, into the park. But I'm not going to show you anymore. You have to stay tuned. All right, you guys. We made it. It did not end us up in Portugal. We are in Disneyland. We're here in Disneyland Paris. And we could not be happier. We made it. >> We made it. >> And I didn't lead us astray. We're not gonna make a difference. And we did it. We did it. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. So stay tuned because we got some really fun stuff coming up. Thanks for joining me on the TRAVEL DAY. BYE. AMANDA MADE IT all the way to Paris and not Portugal. She made it all the way and she's gonna see a sneak preview of the frozen world. And I miss her and I love her. Hey Patreon, thank you so much. We couldn't do these videos without your support. If you want to join this amazing community, there's a link down below. And for as little as $3 a month, you get behind the scenes videos, you get all kinds of cool things just for our Patreon members. Join it. You won't regret it.
