---
video_id: rl8R9S7T2og
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "I Took My Girlfriend AND My Wife To Disneyland On The Same Day"
published: 2026-03-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rl8R9S7T2og
---
Hey everybody, my name is Chris. You're watching Park Pass and today's an amazing video because I get to film with my girl that I don't normally get to film with. My wife is a girl, >> Stella Lou or my wife Amanda. >> Not me. >> Anyways, we're going to go in, guys, cuz I told you I did a video a while ago where I had the very best cold I've ever had. And Amanda is a coffee connoisseur. So, she's going to try it. I don't think she's going to like it cuz it's really sweet. And then we're also going to get the other drink that people say is the very best drink in all of Disneyland as well. So, let's go do it. All right. So, tonight we actually have a bunch of plans. Amanda made reservations for us. I'm not even sure. I'm like the princess passenger tonight. I'm just going to follow her guidance. And we're going to >> pronounce passenger princess. >> Passenger princess. >> Not princess passenger. >> What even is princess? >> Oh, Miles said I said that wrong. I am the passenger princess. Is that what you say? >> Yeah. >> The princess passenger. >> It's embarrassing. >> All right. So, apparently I think we have 20 minutes to our dining reservation. 20 minutes. >> So, I think we can go get the cherry cold brew uh and have it man try that before dinner. Can we do that? >> Dessert before dinner. >> Dessert before dinner. >> We're at Disney. We're at >> Disney. >> It's a very chilly evening. The wind is blowing. I don't know if you can see that in the trees. They're moving around. It's very chilling, cold evening. So, here we go. But it's pretty. Let's go get that cherry cold brew and see what Amanda thinks of it. Now, she doesn't really like things that really sweet, so I'm worried that she might not like it as much as I did. Cold brew. And then also at the uh the guava nectar lemonade thing they have over there. >> Okay. sit down. You have to pick up your food. It looks so pretty. Looks like there's a little cherry on top. >> There you are. Whoa. Okay, but this line is not as long as those garlic noodles we got. >> Yeah, >> at Lunar New Year. That was insane. >> Plus, I saw that they had um a whole bunch of them all just ready to go. So, what's that? >> Yes, Stella, you get some, too. Of course. Stella Lou. >> Silly girl. >> Silly girl. Now, you don't know who Stella Lou is. Su is one of Duffy and friends and it was a it's this is Disney not very popular in United States but in Asia she's like a rock star. >> Yes. >> And I love her. >> I feel like Lena Bell is the number one rock star. She's number one. >> But Chris loves Stella Lou. >> Stella Lou is probably Lena Bell is number one. And then >> as far as popularity goes for the Duffy and Friends. >> Yeah. be Stella and Lena Bell probably after that maybe Cookie Anne or >> Well, I don't know about I don't know about that. >> Duffy or Shel May Gelaton. I think Stella Lou and Ola Mill are probably towards the bottom. >> I don't I don't know. I feel like Ola Mill is probably towards the bottom for sure. She's She's maybe in the middle. >> No, nobody. >> She's still in my man though. She's off to still my man. >> She stole me. Done. >> New owner. >> I've been replaced. Got it. Got it. >> Wait, hold on. >> Just stay still. I have to do this. >> A little cotton coat. >> Yes. Oh my gosh, it is so good. Have you tried it yet? >> I'm going to later. I haven't yet. >> It's amazing. But sweet. You like sweets? >> I do. >> All right. Thank you so much. >> All right. >> Do you see this? >> Yes. It looks amazing. Let's get out of the way, though. >> Okay. Well, let's go find a table. >> Wait, where you going? Where you going? >> I don't know. Just trying to get out of the way. >> You guys go up this way. Are you filming? >> Yeah. This whole time you've been on camera. >> Candid camera. >> Be a terrible hockey player. >> Okay. Trying to find a table, but there are none. >> We just hold it. We can just hold it. >> Oh, put the shrine in. >> Okay. >> Okay. Wait, I have a better I brought I literally brought a better straw. >> So, apparently Amanda brought her own personal straw. >> I'm sorry, but Disney straws are the worst. They ruin They ruin the drinks. I'm I'm just telling you, they ruin the drinks. So, I brought my own. This is a biodegradable straw. So, it still saves the environment, but it's not this paper stuff that dissolves and then Well, before you know it, you're drinking the paper. >> Okay. Wait, here's Try this. Just try the cream first. Just the cream. >> Just try the cream. Okay, that's my next question. Did you mix it >> a little bit? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, try the cream. >> Just But then it'll be so bitter the cream. >> No, just try just try a little bit of the cream. There's plenty plenty to go around. >> Okay. Now, Sheila doesn't like sweet as much as I do. >> Oh, that is good though, >> isn't it? >> Yeah. That's very cherry. >> Okay. Now, mix it up maybe a little bit. >> Cherry ice cream. >> Yeah. >> Very like cherry ice cream flavor. >> So, >> oh my gosh, that's good. >> You see the color of it? You mix up the cream a little bit. Yeah. That's >> It's beautiful. >> I'm curious what you think because um Miles, do you want the cherry? >> Yeah. >> Okay, take that one off. >> Is there a stem on the cherry? >> I don't think so. I think there is. >> Oh, there's a stem. Grab them. >> Pull the stem out. >> Yep. >> And you got some cream. >> Oh my gosh. Marino cherry. Miles loves those. >> Okay. >> Okay, that's good. Don't mix any more than that. >> Okay. like >> this is it. >> Okay, here she goes. >> Okay, that is really good. That is super cherry. This reminds me of like a diner, like a 1950s diner >> and you want to get your cherry coke, but it almost tastes like a cherry coke float. >> Yeah, >> this is really good. >> So, I gave it to But I like I like it sweet. It's super sweet. It is super sweet, but the fruiness of it kind of counterbalances it. Like it's not just like a sweet dessert. Yeah, cuz the cherry is tart. >> Yeah, the cherry is really tart. But >> this is brilliant. >> I love these flavors. No, this is a brilliant combination. >> What are you What are you going to give that? >> A 9 out of 10. >> Hold on a second. Hold on. >> Solid. This is really good. >> Oh, that extra straw. >> Extra straw for you can have the paper straw. Sorry, babe. >> I love this drink so much. >> This is really good. This is like a genius combination. >> My favorite drink that Disney's ever had. >> It almost tastes like kind of chocolatey, too. Like it's like >> like a milkshake. >> Like a 1950s diner Coke cherry Coke float. >> Yeah. >> The coffee flavor is very subtle. It's not alcoholic. Um >> there is there is a another drink they have. They say it's even better than this one. So, we'll find out. >> It's this strawberry guava lemonade thing that we're supposed to try. So, >> okay. Well, >> I I bought I bought that. So, we'll go to it after dinner. We'll get that. That'll be our sweet treat after. >> If you like cherry and you like cherry coke, this is this is wonderful. This is absolutely delicious. It is delicious. >> Yeah, >> you were right. It's like so good. >> I'm actually surprised you like as much cuz I know >> like a cherry coffee. >> You like bitter. >> Yeah, but I love Coke though. >> Oh, that's true. >> I mean, I don't You hardly taste the coffee flavor. This is like a sweet treat dessert. >> Yeah. >> That's probably why I like it so much. No, >> sorry to cut you off, Derek. >> It is so good. It is so good. I hope I hope they make this like a staple. >> I know >> cuz this and the cocoa puff cold brew are so delicious. And then also there was a peanut butter cold brew at the cappuccino cart during the fall and I think that's gone. And that was absolutely delicious. So those are the three that I I wish were all the time. You can get the cocoa puff one all the time, but >> perfect. >> This should be a staple. Mhm. You know, like when you love something so much and you share it with somebody and you kind of get nervous cuz you want them to love it as much as you do, like like a movie or something like that. That's how I pulled out this drink. I could not stop talking about this drink for days. >> I know. Oh, wait. >> That's all you talked about. Okay. It also reminds me of like a chocolate cordial cherry. >> Okay. Stella Lou wants a little >> Oh. Oh, she wants a little bit. >> No, not that. She wants a Oh, >> wait. There. >> Oh, there we go. She's like, I know, >> that's delicious. That tastes like a chocolate cord cherry you get during the holiday season. >> All right, babe. So, where are we having dinner at? >> The Magic Key Terrace dining. >> The Magic Key dining. So, >> we haven't been here in >> No years. Oh my gosh. So, you have to be an annual pass to to to book this, right? Okay. >> A Magic Key holder. >> Magic. Sorry. Sorry. Semantic. >> Semantics. Sorry. Okay. Let's go do this. We haven't eaten here for years. It's >> been a long time. So, I was like, let's do that. Let's do it. Why not go check it out? >> All right. So, to go to the Magic Key Terrace, you go right up the stairs. >> You need to check in. >> Oh, yeah. Okay. >> We did a little bit wrong. You have to check in, then go upstairs. We just checked in. They said they're in Texas when it's time to go up the stairs. >> All right. So, he's got a text. He says it's ready. So, now we're going to go up the stairs. Boy, I I feel rusty, babe. I don't remember even doing this. It's been a long time. >> Long time. Maybe four years. Maybe five years. >> Maybe 5 years since we've done this. >> I don't know. But I'm excited. >> Like 2021 or 2022. >> Try check it out. New Feels like a new experience. >> Maybe 2023. I don't know. >> They're taking us to our seat. >> Here we go. Ooh, high table. >> We go up there and there the lady's like, "Oh, you have the World of Color package." I'm like, "The world the what? What? >> Surprise, >> babe? What's What's this World of Color package? >> Surprise. Dinner in a show. >> Dinner in a show, babe. >> Nice evening. >> So, we are going to eat and watch the parade. >> Um, World of Color. >> I know. >> All right. So, I guess this includes the World of Color package. So, you get a starter, which we are I'm going to get the soup. As far as the entree, I'm going to get the we get the Spamone mouse cake. Then we also get like a little area, a viewing area to watch World of Color. >> All right. My sweet wife, she ordered What is that? >> The salad. >> The salad >> looks so This actually looks really good. >> Okay. And then I got the soup. >> They told me they're like, "Be very careful. It's very hot." The bowl is >> So my wife Amanda, she ordered the >> Look at this big spoon that they give you. >> Yeah. Look at this big spoon. >> It's huge. Am I supposed to eat it with the spoon? >> Well, you can't tell. Hold it up like your face so you see how big it is. It's like >> I feel so uncultured. >> Oh my gosh, it's amazing. Oh, looks amazing. Thank you so much. >> Welcome. >> Look at Yeah, this spoon is the is massive. We love it. >> And Miles also got some pasta. >> Oh, that is good though. >> Okay, that was perfect. It's good. It's got a little bit of a kick. Just a little one. Enough to Uh-oh. >> Oh no. Is it too spicy for Stella? >> Stella. Hard to fall. Stella, what do you Somebody's had a little too much. >> Mint jula. >> Little mint. Too much mint jula for you. Anyways, but the menu we heard here, the menu rotates often. So, like every 2 or 3 months they rotate it. I hope they keep the really good. But this menu rotates fast. >> That's something to know for vacation planning. >> Oh, wait. I wish the game ran on Amanda. Hang on. What were you saying? >> Well, okay. Well, that's something important for vacation planning because if you see a menu, you make a reservation, it could be different by the time you get here. So, continue to check the menus before you get here. So, then you're not shocked or upset or like sad that your menu is changed. So, keep on top of that when you're doing your vacation plan. >> I'm having an emotional crisis right now. My woman ran off. Oh boy. >> How's she doing up there, >> guys? She's kind of just looking down the world. >> She's got a great view. I feel like I'm going crosseyed looking into your camera. It's like look, she's got a beautiful view. Look, >> there. >> We just got our dessert. It's the Spamoni. Mickey cake. And Miles got this. >> Very, very pedestrian. This looks good. >> Lots of cherry and pistachio in this. >> Cherry and pistachios. >> And this little number. Yeah. >> All right. So, we're down here. We got some seating. Oh, like we're down here at the World Color. I did get the drink for Amanda. Miles and Amanda. Miles and Amanda already here. Here we are. There's Miles and Amanda playing patty cake, I guess. All right, you guys. Here we are. Amanda's going to mix up this amazing drink. It's supposed to be better. >> It's beautiful. >> It's beautiful. So, what is it? >> Strawberry guava nectar lemonade. >> Okay. >> It's got that cream and you're supposed to stir it all in. >> Stir it in. Stir it in. Stir it in. >> Kid friendly. >> Yeah. >> There were strawberries on top, but they look like dried strawberries. >> I think so. Okay. >> And then uh we're going to see. She's Amanda's going to try it. Oh my gosh, that is delightful. >> Is that better? Tell me, is that better than Cuz they were telling me that they think it's better than a cherry. >> I don't know if I can say it's better, but it's completely different. >> This is like a vacation in a cup. A tropical vacation in a cup. >> Really? >> Strawberry filleds forever. This is really good. >> All right, so you know that I love that cherry. >> You're going to love it. >> Am I going to love this? >> It's like drinking candy. >> What is that like? It's like there's >> Hey, what are those? Grandma candies. The strawberry grandma candies. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You suck on them. >> Yeah. And they're like the wrappers look like little strawberries. >> Yes. Oh my gosh. Yeah. >> Tastes like that. It tastes like drinking straight candy. It is very good. >> It's not better than the other one, but it's like up there. >> I think the other one a 10. This is probably a nine. Like if I had it, if I say this, if I had had the other one, I had this one. I'd be telling you right now, this is the best drink I've ever had. >> But I can't do that because I don't want to lie to you. >> If you want a really sweet candy drink, this is the candy drink. If you want a 1950s cherry cola chocolate soda taste, then you want the cherry cold brew. >> There you go. Cheers. Now we're here. Show you show how close we are for the >> This is fun. >> Yeah. World of color. >> It's not seating. We're just standing here, but we're close. Yeah. >> Hey guys, we're just here at the end of the video. Real quickly, I want to talk to you. I need you to know how amazing you are. Did you know that the world is better because of you? You make the world better. If you're struggling and you're having some kind of depression or sadness or you're maybe feel unfulfilled at work or maybe you have a trouble in your relationship, it will get better. You are amazing. Don't be afraid of success. You deserve it. You matter and you make the world a better place. All right, guys. I'll see you in the next video. Thank you so much. Have a good night. I didn't think my wife was going to like that drink, but then she liked that drink. It's amazing and I love it. And then you saw Stella Lou on my shoulder. Hey Patreon, thank you guys so much. We wouldn't do these videos without you and we love you guys. And if you want to become a Provis Park Pass Patreon member, click the link down below and become part of this amazing community. You will not regret it. You get extra content and we'll answer your questions.
