---
video_id: j0onA2STSo8
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "EVERY Disneyland Popcorn Cart From Worst To Best!!"
published: 2026-03-31
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0onA2STSo8
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris and you're watching Park Pass. Today on Park Pass, I'm going to be ranking the all eight popcorn carts from top to bottom. Which one is the best popcorn cart and which one is the one just at the bottom of the list of popcorn cart? Let's do that here at Disneyland. All eight popcorn carts are going to be ranked. Now, before we get started, I have to lay down some ground rules. I am not ranking them on their popcorn flavor. You can buy popcorn from any one of these popcorn carts and it's going to be amazing. It's going to be hot. It's going to be tasty. Disney popcorn is top tier. It is some of the best popcorn that you'll ever have. It's always going to basically knock your socks off. It's so good. What I'm rating I'm rating the aesthetics of the popcorn carts. The popcorn carts, they they they vary on how attractive they are, how well they mesh in with the land, and how awesome they are. There are eight popcorn carts located here in Disneyland, and we're going to rank them all the way from eight all the way up to the very best popcorn cart that they have here in Disneyland. And you're going to see some vast differences. For the number eight popcorn cart, we have to go into Frontier Land to see this popcorn cart. Now, as I get to show you popcorn carts 8, 7, 6, and a little bit of five, you're going to notice that they're all somewhat similar. Then all of a sudden Disney just kind of is like, "We don't have to do that." And they really explode in the bottom half of this list. Well, the top half of the list, I guess, when they start going really crazy. Let's take a look right now at the number eight popcorn cart in all of Disneyland. Here's the number eight popcorn cart in all of Disneyland. You take a look at it. You see like the little It's got the red popcorn cart, yellow wheels there, hot popcorn, fresh popcorn. It's just, you know, just kind of generic. Nothing too crazy about it. Right down here, it just says the hot popcorn fresh across the top. And you see right here, maybe that's Dave Crockett, maybe. And he's like churning along and working out here in the Frontier Land popcorn cart. This is the number eight popcorn cart in all of Disneyland. And I'm going to go on and show you the rest of them. You're going to kind of see some similarities for the next couple ones. But like I said though, you can get popcorn at any one of these carts and it's going to be delicious. I'm just all I'm talking about is just how it looks. Like, hi, how are you? It's good to see you again. >> I'm just talking about the aesthetics of how it looks, how it pops for the particular land. Okay, let's go to number seven. Now, the number seven popcorn cart in all of Disneyland is right across the street from City Hall. It's right here as you enter in to Disneyland. This is it's this this popcorn maker. You got the little guy here, you know, spinning little looks like a damper Dan going. It looks It's pretty average looking. And but this popcorn bucket place has cart has probably taken more money than any other one cuz we get it when we're leaving at the end of the day and man always grabs some popcorn to go cuz she loves it so much. And I'm going to show you something really cool here. Do you see that little vent right up there? They're pointing at you. You hear it? Maybe that's blowing air. Now, when they pop popcorn in here, when the popcorn's popping in the inside, that that popcorn smell comes up and it is literally pushed out through that vent. That's why when you walk by a popcorn cart, you can smell it so much cuz they're pushing that smell out through that vent. This is the number seven best popcorn cart in all of Disneyland. It's It's okay. It's cute. The number six best popcorn cart is located right here at the top of the hub. Oh. Hello. Right here. This beauty. This is the number six best popcorn cart. You see here it's the red's a little bit more ready popcorn right there. You see right here it says hot fresh popcorn. The vent of course is blowing. You get this nice popcorn. You see like the wheels down here. This is the number six best popcorn. This is the one that people you just can't help. This is the one that really just makes the whole park smell. Oh, he's making she mixing the popcorn up. I love it. This is what you really smell when you come through the park. And you can see there's a little clown right there. He's turning the popcorn. There it is. It's gorgeous. Okay. To see the number five best popcorn cart in all of Disneyland, we have to go into Toontown. We're walking down here into Toontown to see the number five best popcorn cart of all time. Now, one of the things you've noticed, the first three, they're all a little bit similar, right? They have they're kind of like that fireman red or a little bit different shade of it. Uh kind of plain jane. This is the first one you're going to see in the list where I think the Imagineers kind of started to push the boundaries of realizing, hey, we can make the popcorns have a little bit more personality. All right, we're walking right past here. This is by the Good Boy grocerers. There's also a little restroom shop, little restroom places, and it's where Minnie and Mickey's house is. But right past that, we have the Toontown popcorn cart. And you're going to start to see some new differences on these popcorn carts. There's Minnie's house. There's the There's Mickey's house. We're going to cut right through this park right here by the Chip and Dale's Gadget Gaster is this here is the number five best popcorn cart in all of Disneyland. Now, what you'll notice still has the red colors of the other popcorn carts, right? But now the lettering is kind of popping. You got a little TT there. You see the Mickey ears popping up there. Mickey's buttons are on it. Right here it says popcorn. You also notice they got like a little cartoon hand holding as a popcorn stock. It's pop. And look, you see the popcorn kernels. They're cute. They're smiley. They're bubbly. They're happy. Freshly popped. Right here. You got the little train conductor popping the popcorn. Right here. You notice the the writing is kind of like the cartoon writing. And going across the top, it just says TT for Toontown. And this is the fifth best popcorn cart in all of Disneyland. It's where the Imagineers are kind of starting to push a little bit, saying, "Hey, you know what? We can start having a little bit of fun. Start tying the aesthetics to the land that's in or to an attraction." And this is it's great. I love it. It smells really good. And another really cool thing about this is is they have this popcorn right here. You can only buy this here at this particular popcorn cart right there. A little it looks like a little popcorn box. Let me show you. There you have them right off the air. This is the only popcorn cart that you could get this which is really cool. Cool cart and cool little This is it. The only one you can get it. Oh, and look, we're getting some popcorn coming. Popcorn action. I love it. Love it. Love it. And the other part about this popcorn cart, it's the least crowded popcorn cart in the whole park. There's very usually hardly any line here. Uh, and so see no line. Popcorn, no line. Popcorn cart. No line. Now, this is where the Imagineers kind of did a hard left and like these next four popcorn carts are all amazing. All amazing. And you could probably make a you could probably make a argument that any one of them could be the number one. I think the number one really deserves the number one, but these ones are all different. They all shine. They all kind of have a different aspect to it. It's like the Imagineers realized like, hey, we don't have to have like this just a red color. We can do whatever we want to these popcorn carts and make them really pop. See what I did there? Get it. All right, we are now walking back down. So, I have to show you the number four best popcorn cart here. It's located by the Matterhorn. Here we go. We're coming up by the Matter Horn and we're starting, you're going to see a massive shift here, a difference in there's no longer having the red on the popcorn carts. This is where they kind of like, hey, we can have our popcorn carts be really assimilated right into the land or they could actually complement an attraction. And you'll start seeing that differences right here. Here is the number four best popcorn cart in all of Disneyland. It's the Matter Horn popcorn cart. If you take a look here, you notice first you notice it's like a wood painting. Looks like faux wood. Hot popcorn fresh right here. Looking over here, you see it's kind of got a little matter horn. Hot popcorn fresh. The tires have got the blue spokes on it. Hot and fresh popcorn. And right here you got it says where it says like hot and fresh. It is a good looking popcorn cart. First one that you would see that's not really a red color and it's amazing. And I just wanted to show that this is the this the popcorn turned here is the Yeti. You'll notice his eyes actually flash red. It's the first one we had where it's a little bit electronic with the flashing eyes. What a good looking popcorn cart. This is the number four best popcorn cart in all of Disneyland. And you can see that they're kind of have starting to have fun with it. They're starting to pop. they're starting to match into the to the aesthetics of the land or the attraction and yeah, it is really a good popcorn cart. Okay, now in order to see the number three best popcorn cart in all of Disneyland, we have to go into Tomorrowland. Tomorrowland. Tomorrow land. Let's go to Tomorrowland and I'm going to show you the number three best popcorn bucket in all bucket best popcorn cart in all of Disneyland. Now, if you disagree with me, that's okay. You could go ahead and put it down comments down below like which one you think should have been the best popcorn uh cart. That's fine. I have no problem with that. Uh I think one of these top four, a lot of them are a little interchangeable. I really think the one that's going to be number one deserves to be number one. It's just got everything you want in the popcorn. Hi guys, how are you? Hi. So, I think like I was saying, you could tell me if you think I'm wrong um in the comments. That's fine. Uh, I'm not, but we can kind of argue it over a little bit. A friendly little arguing. And, uh, but I will say this, it doesn't matter where you buy your popcorn from. Um, it's going to be phenomenal. Uh, as far as my wife Amanda is concerned, this is the best popcorn. Like, of all, we've been to all the parks. She loves the popcorn here at Epcot. She likes their popcorn there. She loves um I guess we just kind of walk through here. She No, let's walk by the autotopia. So you hear the sounds. Um, design Paris has the salty and sweet. Tokyo's got all the crazy flavors, but she swears that this is the best. Hear the Autotopia. >> One time I did a video on the top five sounds at Disneyland and you guys voted on it and a lot of you say you hate that ride attopia, but you love that sound that it makes. All right, guys. We're coming right up here to the number three popcorn cart in all of Disneyland located here in Tomorrowland. Alien Pizza Planet Space Mountain right here. And right here, this is the number three best popcorn cart in all of Jan. First thing you're going to notice right off the top is the top. It's got the little spires. You see them? And what are those spires? If you even look straight up on the building, there's spires that match it. And then of course on top of Space Mountain you have some of those spires. You see they've done some theming here on top of the cart here adding the spires. It is the white. You've got a little planet here which is also kind of like a little bit of a hidden Mickey. No no no lettering or anything like that. Just the the planet. You'll notice here that this one doesn't have the spokes. It's got like a little hub cap on it. Hot and fresh treats. And it says terrestrial treats right here. This is the white and blue kind of space age lettering here. It's got a little bit of silver with a pop there. And right down here with the little Mickey. Look how cool it is. And if you look here at the popcorn twirler, it's this uh the lady in kind of like the 1950s astronaut wear, I guess. >> It's the number three best popcorn cart in all of Disneyland. Okay. In order to see the number two best popcorn cart, we got to go all the way back to Fantasy Land. Fantasy Land. Fantasy Land. I think you can really start seeing how these top four popcorn carts are kind of different from the bottom four. They're starting to be unique. They have their own personalities. They're really standing out, complimenting the area. It's really cool. And that's just kind of what sets Disney apart from everything else. Just makes it awesome. for the number two best popcorn cart in all of Disneyland. We got to come back up here to It's a Small World. And I'm going to be honest with you, as I always am, but this one could possibly be the number one popcorn cart. But there's one little tiny reason why it's not. I'll show you that when we look at it, cuz this cart is awesome. There's It's a Small World. And right across this little way is the It's a Small World popcorn cart. Let's go check it out. All right. So, here I am at the popcorn cart. There's a line, of course. So, I'm going to get a little bit closer to show you how cool this popcorn cart is. First thing you're going to notice, it's not that red or anything. It is that white. It's the It's a Small World white. The handwriting on it is the the writing, the font from It's a Small World. The tires got the blue paint. It is awesome. And this is kind of like the little trellis they have on It's a Small World for it to grow. It says popcorn. You'll notice it says popcorn. That bright that blue they this the top part. It kind of looks like an awning. The blue and white awning coming off of the top right here. It's written in the blue and the gold and the white, which is very reminiscent of It's a Small World. As you come down here, you can see right here the center, it looks like the It's a Small World. It's this is reminiscent of all things that you can find on the It's a Small World building. Now, it says hot and fresh. This is the only reason it's not ranked number one, cuz you'll see the number one actually tells you the land that it's in. This one just says hot and fresh. >> She's making some popcorn for us. I love it when they do that little flip of the popcorn. So fun. And you see right down here, of course, you got the blue and the white. It is fantastic. One of the best popcorn, the number two best popcorn cart in all of Disneyland. And you look up here, you got a little clown who is trilling the popcorn. All right, now we got to go to New Orleans Square cuz I have to show you the number one popcorn cart in all of Disneyland. Hands down, it is the best popcorn cart. And we can debate about this in the comments down below if you think I'm wrong, which I'm not. But let's go ahead and and take a look at the number one popcorn cart in all of Disneyland located in New Orleans Square. Okay, for the number one popcorn cart in all of Disneyland, we have to go to New Orleans Square. This popcorn cart is amazing. It complements the aesthetics of a ride. It looks good here in New Square. This is a popcorn cart. This would be the the popcorn cart that Amanda probably visit visits second most often. The number one being the one across from city hall. Uh but this one here is just it is painted perfectly. It is great and it looks so good and it is the number one popcorn cart in all of Disneyland. Right there is the Haunted Mansion. And right past the Haunted Mansion, if you're walking right here to the train station, you're going to see this popcorn cart. And it is perfectly painted to match this area. It is It looks cool. It just tells you everything you need to know about it. And it's right here straight ahead. It's painted in kind of the Haunted Mansion colors, the green and dark green. It lets you know exactly what land you're in. It is amazing. Okay, the New Orleans Square. Look at the paint job on it. It says popcorn. It looks a little bit spooky compared to the other popcorn carts. Look at the top. A little bit different there. Right over here. Popcorn. Hot and fresh. This is the number one popcorn cart. It's unique. No other popcorn cart is like it. And if you look right here, you got a little guy there in the top hat. He is churning that popcorn and making it look good and delicious. And yeah, without a doubt, it just lets you know where you are, how good this popcorn cart looks, and it's it's amazing. It is the number one popcorn cart in all of Disneyland without without a doubt. I love the coloring on it. Looks great. I think it's because it's just such a different bold, you know, it's not that red that they were doing with everything pretty much. It's just different. Looks so good. Little aesthetics, a little Disney D. Hot and fresh. And even the little sign there for it says popcorn bucket kind of written that little script right there. It looks awesome. >> And if you'll notice, even look at the writing here for the sunny water and vitamin water. It's kind of in that that what is that crypt script or whatever to look a little scarier. It is just truly fantastic. That is the number one popcorn cart in all of Disneyland. Now, I have to say though, it's a Small World one. This It pops, too. It pops, too. But that's That one's just so good. And it's got the perfect little place. The placement of it is great. It's right by the train. It's right by the Haunted Mansion. I don't think you can do any better than that. If you want to come down here and see these popcorn carts for yourself, it's really simple. I'm going to tell you the most affordable way to do it. Now, there is a link down below. You click that link and if you do that, you'll be able to get the lowest prices on Disneyland tickets on Walt Disney World. Hi, how are you? Like I was saying, if you want to get the lowest prices on Disneyland tickets, Disneyland hotels, Walt Disney World tickets, Walt Disney World hotels, click the link down below. You will not be able to find tickets at a cheaper place. Save yourself the money. I mean, even if you go to Disney to try to buy tickets from them, they're going to be more expensive than this. Or if you want, you can call 1855 Getaway. 1855 Getaway. And when they answer the phone, be sure to tell them Park Pass sent you. And that's going to open up a secret menu of all the like hotels that have free nights available. And you'll still also be able to get the local the u the lowest prices on tickets. That's who I use. That's why I I talk with them cuz that's who I use cuz I'm trying to save money when I come down here, too. I book hotels, and I always want to get the lowest prices. So, make that dollar stretch a little bit further. All right. I have to go somewhere where I can sit down and talk to you guys for just a brief moment. Okay. Hey, I found a little spot where I could talk to you guys. You have my undivided attention. Hey, I'm talking to you. I need you to know and I want you to know and I hope that you understand how amazing you are. You make the world a better place. You do. You are awesome. You are unique and you're special. You matter. I hope you hear this enough. I don't feel like people are hearing this enough. So, I need you to understand and listen to what I'm saying because you make the world a better place. And if you're struggling, it's going to get better. It will get better. I promise you. If you're struggling with a little bit depression or have some dark intrusive thoughts, I want you to know that it gets better. It gets better. You don't have the right to quit because you make the world better and we need you here. We think you're awesome. All right, guys. Well, that's the end of the video. the top eight popcorn carts located in Disneyland. Which one is your favorite? Put down in the comments down below. And if you haven't, did you know you can hit the like button? The like button that lets me know you like this type of content. If you're feeling really generous and you haven't already, you can hit the subscribe button. That will that like gives me like a huge warm hug. That lets me know like ah keep doing what you're doing, Chris. We support that. And if you really want to be like a big supporter of Provos Park, we have a Patreon community. Our Patreon community, they get behind the scenes footage. get videos just for my wife. We answer their questions. We try to get to know them. We have it's a great community. And if you want to become part of the community, there's a link down below in the description. It says Provos Park Patreon. For little as $3 a month, you're going to get all kinds of new content just for our Patreons. And it's amazing community. All right, guys. I will see you in the next video. Talk to you guys later. Bye-bye, everybody. I just made a video about the best popcorn cards at Disneyland. Popcorn is my favorite treat and snack at Disneyland. >> She sounds so much better than me when she sings. >> No, I don't. But I really do love popcorn. >> Hey guys, thank you so much for watching this video. And to our patronons, thank you so much. We couldn't do these videos without you. If you want to become a patron, click that link down below. You will not regret it. It's amazing.
