---
video_id: EY9_sXSYVSc
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "I Just CRACKED The Disneyland CODE!"
published: 2026-03-30
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EY9_sXSYVSc
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris. I think I cracked the mystery of why Disney is so great. It's taken me years, maybe a lifetime. And today I just had an epiphany and I think I realized why Disneyland is so amazing for all of us. Now, this is something that is going to seem pretty obvious to most people, but it took me a long time to figure this out. Before this video gets started, if you haven't hit the like button, hit subscribe. You know the whole deal by now. Okay. Disney has this amazing magic. There's like there's like you got the Matter Horn, you've got the castles, these different lands, Frontier Land, Adventure Land, these amazing areas, and there's attractions, there's food, there's characters, there's meet and greets, there's music playing, and it is magical. And people often ask me, they're like, "Why is Disney so magical? Why do we love it so much?" Well, I just saw something that happened. Three things happened right in a row. Boom, boom, boom. And when these three things happened, I think if they would have happened individually, I would have I would have just smiled. But since they happened so fast, so rapidly after each other, all of a sudden, I had like a little epiphany. I'm like, "Oh my gosh, that's why we love Disney so much." First thing I saw was this cool, tough guy. This guy was tough. He had tattoos on. Um, he was bald. He was ripped. And he he looked tough. just looked super tough. And he um had on a Peter Pan hat, his tank top and his Peter Pan hat. And his wife next to him, she was kind of like Disney bounding as Wendy and he was pushing the stroller and had a little kid in it and they were smiling and they were happy. Right after I saw him, all of a sudden I looked up and I saw three teenage girls and they were running. They're booking it. And I'll show you right where they're doing it here in Frontier Land cuz Woody was out doing like a character meet and greet and these three teenage girls probably maybe 16 or 17 year olds were just running pal straight to Woody and their friends were like get there get there. They wanted to get a photo with Woody and they were just running there to get a photo. And then right after that experience which that also made me kind of smile. Right after that experience, I saw this family and they all had on matching shirts. The dad, the mom, I think the grandparents, the kids, all these red shirts and they had like little Mickey's on it and they were just walking along big gaggle in matching shirts. And the second that third experience and it was just like it was rapid fire. It was like the guy in the Peter Pan hat, the teenage girls, and this family walked by and all of a sudden it just kind of hit me. I was like, this is right where I saw this happen is the first right here is where I saw that guy come by, that super tough guy with all tattoos and had a Peter Pan hat on and his wife is kind of bounding as Wendy. Then right here, this little outcropping, this is where Woody was standing. And this is right where the teenage girls were booking and running so crazily to get their pictures with Woody. And then right past that is where I saw the family. Hey, how's it going? Thanks so much. Saw the family. This huge gaggle of family all wearing matching shirts. What hit me right like a frying pan right the face was boom. >> Disney has all the magic. It has all these amazing experience. But the one thing that makes Disney so great. >> Oh wow. >> It's a judgment free zone. If you like finger pants, if you want to wear matching shirts, if you want to get a character meet and greet, you don't have to act cool like maybe you do in the outside world. You don't have to act tough like you do in the outside in the world. You don't have to like uh wear the have the right clothing on like you maybe do that feel like you have to in the outside world. You can be whatever you want to be here in Disney and it's a judgment free zone. You can fang girl over meeting Woody and people understand and they don't disrespect you for it. they actually understand. They're like, "Oh yeah, I used to do that when I was a teenager." Or like when you see a family and they have their their they wait long lines and their little ones meeting Mickey Mouse for the first time. Other families are watching that and they're reminiscing. They're like, "I remember when we did that with our son or daughter or like I can't wait to someday maybe have a family be able to do that." We root for each other here in Disneyland. And it's amazing. We're friends here. And I think it's why we like it so much is because when we come here to this particular moment here in Disney, it's a judgment free zone. I'm not being judged. I'm not I'm not People aren't persecuting against you. They're you're just here to enjoy this moment and uh and everybody here has like the same interest and they're rooting for you and applauding you and they want you to have those good experiences. It's cool that that guy was wearing a Peter Pan hat. It's cool that those teenagers are excited to meet a character. It's cool that this family has the same shirts. It's not something you do in the normal world, right? You're not going to walk around out. I'm not going to be walking around Nevada with 20 people wearing the same shirts. Maybe. I don't know. Maybe. Maybe you do. I don't know. But I think it's cool. And it just really hit me. I was like, it's a judgmentfree zone. When you come in here, we all have one thing in common, and that's that we love Disney. And we might love different Disney characters. We might love different Disney movies. >> We might love different different Disney attractions. >> But it doesn't matter. >> Bless you now. >> We're all family here. >> And I don't know why >> cuz people would always ask me why is it so magical? I'm like I always like it's the cast members and it's just a it's cuz we're Walt worked walked and it just kind of hit me today watching that. I was like, it's a place where I can come and I can be a kid, act like a child, and just and not feel judged. It's a place where I can come and I can have fun. And for that brief moment, just me and having a good time here in Disneyland, and I don't have to worry about the world for a moment. I don't have to worry about anything. I'm just here enjoying my time. It's wonderful. So, what's going on over there? Oh, yeah. See, it's a perfect example. Oh, look. They got some teenagers and they got some instruments and they're like they're they're they're a little they're making some music here in Frontier Land. This is exactly what I'm talking about. It's just this where you come just let loose and just you just be who you want to be. I know that I tend to do this sometimes in videos on these. I I like I don't I prefer to do videos that have a topic. So when I do like a walk and talk video like this, I sometimes it's not with a script of points of thoughts. I tend to yammer and I tend to kind of like I don't know. I I talk faster than normal and I people tell me I talk too fast sometimes and and I tend to go off topic. I get distracted and all that. I understand that. That's just how I am. I can't really change that. But uh I think that's okay. Uh because here at Disney, it's just this judgment free zone. I don't know why it took me so long to recognize that. I think I knew it and I was aware of it. But just seeing those three experiences happen like right back to back to back. It just I just realized I'm like everybody here loves it. They just want to be part of the magic. They want to be part of it and just they want to feel that magic in their lives. You want to make that connection with it. You want, you know, that that guy that's super tough and and he was cool and he was tatted and you could tell a guy was like ripped and he was a tough dude, but he was making magic with his wife and their child. And then those teenage girls, normally in the world, they would not run to meet somebody cuz you got to be cool as a teenager, but they just that moment caught him. Then that >> just like 20 little red shirts all It's wonderful. It's just wonderful. Hi, how are you? Here we are walking down Main Street. Judgment free zone, guys. I hope you like our videos. I try to Hi, how are you? It's good to see you. Have a good one. >> I try to provide content that's fun and a little bit educational and all inclusive for everybody. And I want people to have a good time and I want them to know that they're important. Hope you liked our videos. If you haven't, subscribe, become part of our family. Love to have you join us. Wow. I feel just super grateful. I don't know why that just kind of struck me kind of hard. The second it struck me. I was like, I need to make a video and talk about that because it's just something that I feel like we all knew. But doesn't sound maybe maybe people are talking about it and saying it and I'm just I was a little slow to the finish line. But I don't know. I just wanted to share it with you. I think it's cool. I love it. Here comes the fire truck. I love it. I love the fire truck. Hello. There goes fire truck. and coming right down here. Hi guys, it's nice to see you. Oh, thank you so much. It's good to see you guys. >> And like you can also see it like when um >> Yes. Hi. How are you? So here at the park like they have Goofy and and Mickey and they come out here. It's fun. Even the adults get it when they get a chance to see these characters. Even I do like when I see Mickey Mouse come out, I'm like, "Oh, here Mickey Mouse is coming out." I get excited. I feel like I'm meeting a rockstar. And I don't worry about people what they're thinking about me. I'm just lost in that moment of meeting Mickey Mouse. Let's see. Uh, I thought I saw Mickey come out. There goes Minnie. Oh my gosh, she looks fabulous. I love it. Okay, there goes me. All right, guys. Well, thank you for letting me yammer and let me talk to you and sharing my thoughts about Disney magic. Tell me like what you think. Why do you love it so much? Put down in the comments below. Now, if your comment gets a little red heart, the only person that can like that and heart that comment is me. I'm the only one can do that. So, if your comment gets a little red heart, that means I read it and I appreciate it. Just want you to know that. Uh, but tell me why what you guys think if like what your thoughts are on why we like Disney. What's the Disney magic? All right, guys. I have to find a spot where we can talk. Hang on. >> All right, let's see here. Okay. Okay. I think I found a little spot where I could talk to you briefly for a second. And right now, I'm only talking to you. You are the most important person right now. You are amazing. You are. You are awesome. You matter. And you make the world a better place. I hope you hear that enough. And if you're in a relationship that's struggling or you got a job you feel underappreciated, I'm sorry. It will get better. You make the world better. All right, >> there's the the horses. Oh my gosh, >> let's just end with the video of the horse doing the little clip claps. So, I love the sounds the horses make when they walk here. It's one of the most the best sounds I've ever I just love it. Like clip clap clip clap. >> I went to see a client. She was my horse. >> Oh, here comes the omnibus. Oh my gosh. So, I'm going to be splitting the needle here between the both of them. I don't know what to do. I'm going to move over here cuz the horse is not going. >> I love the sound the horses make. They're clip clap. >> This is Kim. >> Jim. >> Oh, this is Jim. >> Jim is 12 years old. Oh my gosh. There goes Jim. Amazing. Good horse. All right, guys. Well, I think that'll do it for today's video. Thank you so much for watching. You're amazing. See you in the next video. Bye, everybody. Now I know why we all like Disney. I think I already knew it, but I don't think I really expressed it to myself. It's for everyone. You can be free. Hey Patreons, thank you so much. We appreciate you so much. We couldn't do these videos without you and we love you. If you want to become a part of the Provos Parkbass Patreon community, click the link down below. You will not regret it. It's amazing.
