---
video_id: 53ToKBig8iA
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Disney's Villains Land Plans JUST LEAKED? Plus 3D Muppet Vision Lives On"
published: 2026-02-27
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53ToKBig8iA
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris and you're watching Park Pass and I have three brand new breaking news stories about Disney and Disneyland. This is kind of crazy and I got to be honest with you guys. One of the stories is speculation. One of them is absolute proof and then one of them is pretty much proof. So let's get into it. Oh. Oh. But before we get to that, I just want to say right now all of our merchandise is 50% off. 50% off. And once that merchandise is gone is going to be gone. So if you want to get that merchandise, click the link down below. a little link down below. Get the sweatshirts, get the hoodies, and the stickers. And once it's gone, once that merch is gone, it is gone. Is all discounted right now. 50% off. Let's get into it. Three breaking news stories that's happening in the world, the world of Disney. Are you ready? Buckle in. Number one right now, and this one is I think for sure. This is no speculation, is we now are going to know what the new name of the Smugglers Run attraction. So, if you don't know, there's a Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run. And starting on May 22nd, it's going to be rethemed with a new mission with Grou and the Mandalorian. And this mission sounds really, really cool. Like the the engineer, he's going to be able to select, do you want to go to Bestpin, Coruscant, the Wreckage of the Death Star, Andor, and they'll even be able to communicate with uh Grou. So, it sounds really cool. That drops on May 22nd. Very excited. Well, I think on accident Disney on their app, they had released the new name of the attraction and it was up on the app on both Walt Disney World and on the Disneyland app for about 75 minutes and then quickly removed it. But we got the new name. Are you ready? Here's the brand new name. It is Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run dash a new mission. Yeah, that's the brand new name they're going to be having for this new attraction. Millennium Falcon Smuggers Run: A New Mission. And when this when this came out, people saw this on the app and then it disappeared. They took it away. I think Disney accidentally released that a little prematurely on the app. People are like, "Is that going to be the real name or is that just a placeholder for the name?" I honestly believe that is going to be the real name. And Disney loves to do this. I think the reason they're going to do this is starting on May 22nd, it's all you the only thing options you'll have to do is the Mandalorian Grou mission. After between 6 months and 18 months, they'll probably start bringing back the old missions and then going back and forth. And at that point, they'll probably just rename it again, Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run. And when you go on the attraction, you won't know if you're going to get the Grou mission or the original the Quaxium Power Source mission. But I think that's what they're going to do because that's what Disney has done with Star Tours. You know, Star Tours when something gets new released, they have all these new like Ahsoka missions and then after a while, they go back to having all the different missions. So, I think Disney is going to push really hard the Mandalorian Grou missions and then after a while they'll probably just take the naming the new mission out of the naming convention. But boom, there it is. It has been released. Now, this is really important to me. This is number two story here. This is really important to me because I am a huge fan of the Muppets. I love the Muppets. And Brian Henson, who is the son of Jim Henson, Jim Henson was a creator of the Muppets. Brian Henson uh was just doing interview and in the interview he said that Muppet Vision 3D is going to be going to Apple Vision Pro and Apple Vision Pro I believe is like we watch it's like a it's a virtual reality. It's going to be released there so people can watch it. And he was saying that you can choose any seat you want in the theater. You can sit in that particular seat. You sit over here wherever you want to sit in the theater and be able to look have this emergency experience of looking all the way around. So, Apple V uh Muppet Vision 3D is going to be coming out on Apple Vision Pro. We don't know when this is going to happen. Disney hasn't said anything, but we do know that before on June 7th when the the ride closed, uh the Muppet Vision 3D, that was the last showing of it. About a week before that, Disney had uh all these people come in with those uh 3D cameras and taking cities of watching the whole theater experience and they mapped it all out. So, this actually seems to be true. Uh Brian Henson is kind of leaked it. It's going to be coming out in Apple Vision Pro. We're super excited. I I think a lot of people are thrilled that we're not losing the Muppet Vision 3D because that was Jim Henson's last thing he directed before he passed away. So, we're excited to have that live on for prosperity sakes and prosper prosperity. Not prosperity. Prosperity, I think. I think that's the word I'm looking for. I don't even know. >> Prosperity. >> Prosperity. Thank you, Amanda. >> Not proerity. >> Not prosperity. Posterity sake. Thank you so much. My wife's sitting over there drinking a little little mug of coffee and eating peanut butter toast. Apparently, she loves the coffee. In fact, at some point, she wants to come in here talking about this brand new coffee that she's trying. She absolutely loves. I said, "Today's not the day, babe. We got breaking news. We can't talk about coffee right now." All right. >> Ah, shucks. >> Ah, shucks. Let's get into the third uh breaking news story, and this is the big one. The big one. Here we go. Now, I have to say this one. I'm going to take this one with a huge huge grain of salt. Uh, and so this is unconfirmed, but there is a website called The RAP, and they they they report on entertainment news like movies, TVs, theme parks, whatever. And they ran a story, and in the story they said that they talk about what's going to be happening in Villains Land. And they gave some pretty specific details. But when you cite that article, you look at their sources. their sources say a person close to the project said so would I mean I don't know that seems legit maybe I don't know but I don't know so maybe they were just somebody says I'm really close to this project and maybe they're not they said this stuff but the rap they did this story then all these other news sites picked up the story from the rap and they started reporting it as if it was their story and so I was getting messages late last night about this and I kind of did a bunch of research and I trying to find out where did this come from because we want to know exactly is truthful and as as I can see it came from this website called the rep. All right. What did they say? They said that Josh Dearo has, you know, has been retooling Villains Land and that these are the new attractions that will be coming out in Villains Land. Number one is they're going to have a kid-friendly roller coaster based on uh Emperor's New Groove, which is just that might be that is a home run. That's perfect because we all know, everybody knows, anybody who's familiar with Emperor's New Groove, what are they going to say at some point in that roller coaster? >> Pull the lever. >> Wrong lever. >> Pull the lever. Grunk. >> Wrong lever. >> Why do we even have that lever? >> And that they're going to say that. So, and what they were saying is going to be a kid-friendly attraction, kid-friendly roller coaster along the lines of Slinky Dog Dash. I would just like to say this though. I have no sway with Disney at all in any shape or form. But come on Disney, if you're gonna do it, go big. Be like Hagrids. You know, like Hagrids at Universe Studios, that is a kid-friendly roller coaster, but it's super intense. Go that way. Go bigger. I mean, Slinky Dog Dash is very fun. But it is, it really is just for kids. And in Villains Land, we want scary. So, go a little bit bigger. Be like Hagrids. You know, like a Hagrids, the roller coaster, it drops. That could be like pull the lever crank and it drops. That's what I'm thinking. I mean, I I want it I want it good. I'm thrilled with this new the Emperor's New Groove announcement, and I hope that this is true. We'll have to find out if it is. The >> I want everyone's comments because some people feel like Emperor's New Groove is too much of a cult classic, >> but instead of like a huge reach instead of a a regular OG Disney classic, is it too much of a cult following? >> You think it's too nuanced? >> But the D the other Emperor's New Groove fans, they are die hard. like I am in it. >> The the the thing about Emperor's New Groove, and I'm going to be honest, it it's actually too funny. The first time you watch it, it's the jokes are just going over your head. When you watch it on repeat, it gets funnier and funnier and funnier. So, I I think I think though it's just too perfect. I think that the theming was great for Emperor's New Groove. People are going to love it. That's just my Yeah, like Hagrids. Hagrids. It would be incredible. >> Yeah, exactly. All right. The other thing that they reported on is that there's going to be a Maleficent boat ride. This one was a little I was like a little hm because I I was like, "Huh, Maleficent." When I think of Maleficent, I think of dragons and I think of fire and I think of bramble thorns. Yeah. I don't think of like a boat ride. But I would like think like this. If the boat ride is like Pirates of the Caribbean Shanghai version where they all these cool projection screens, then maybe Maleficent and fire and water could all work. I don't know. That's what they reported. And then then the third thing they reported on is that there's going to be a Hades Pain and Panic dinner show where uh you go in and like have dinner or some type of show. I don't know if it's a dinner show, it's just a show maybe, but uh Hades, which I can see cuz Hades is going to maybe do like a nightclub. I'm looking at my wife Amanda's like, you know, a nightclub thing, you know. Hey, they got some musaka caught in my throat. >> You know, I haven't been this choked up since I got a hunk of musaka caught in my throat. Huh? >> I love Hades. Hades my favorite. >> But that being said, so it would be really funny that I could see that being really funny. But if they're going to do a boat ride, that should be Hades in my opinion because Hades is literally on the river sticks. That's his whole area. That's his stick if you will. But they they're reporting it be a pain and panic Hades like dinner show or a show which I think would be really funny. >> Memo to me. Mame you after my meeting. >> Wait, I have an idea. >> What? What's your idea? >> This just came to me. >> Okay, here we go. >> What if they combined it? So, you know how you have Blue by You in P in Pirates? Yes. >> And so, it's a boat water ride, but then there's also a dining experience. Yeah. What if they do that? What if they do a Hades boat ride in the same level of Shanghai Pirates and then have the, you know, experience connected to that attraction. >> Who heard it here first? Everybody. Amanda. Pirates of the Caribbean and Blue by you, but for Haiti. >> Yeah. And and this is fun for us. If you want, you can speculate like which villains would you want to see have represented in villains land. And the last thing that they announced, there's there will be an Ursula spinner ride kind of like, you know, like you know, spinning ride, tentacles, by the way. Very super interesting thing. I was just watching a documentary on octopuses and they're ticklish. Did you know that? Do you know how many tickles it takes to make an octopus laugh? 10 tickles. >> I don't think this is the time for that type of humor. >> Okay. All right, an Ursula spinner, which would be kind of fun for I mean that, like I said, that's going to be kind of kid-friendly. I think though, we all want Villains Land to be successful. I don't think anybody doesn't want Villain to be successful, but we also do want it a little scary. So, when they're saying they're going to make all the rides kid-friendly, go big, Disney. You know what? When Disney first started and Walt was in charge, he was not afraid of scaring little children. And and kids like it. They feel they good. And I I don't be afraid to scare the children. Don't quote me, but didn't he say something like the kids it's healthy for them to be scared in a safe environment? >> Maybe. I don't know. I maybe So, I'm not going to quote you on that, but like I mean like go big. I I go big. Be scary. We want it. The kids will love it. It makes them feel strong when they can overcome some of those fears. Don't be afraid to go scary. >> Maybe they could put Alien Encounter back in. >> Oh, that's the scariest thing we've ever had. That would be amazing though if they did bring back Alien Encounter. All right. Now, what is upcoming here at Pros Park? If you have not subscribed, hit the subscribe button because we have a lot coming up here. Hit the subscribe button. Do you know that's absolutely free? One, I got a hotel tours coming up for Disneyland. All these hotels, all these special deals that are going on. Two, I'm going to be going to Universal Studios and doing a whole butterbeer tasting. All these brand new treats that are coming out that'll be coming out. And then also in the realm of Universal Studios, I can't say what, but I'm going to be showcasing something brand new there. And then you want to see that on Wednesday. So, make sure you hit the subscribe button so you are the first to see it and you can talk about it and be a part of that. So, make sure you hit the subscribe button. And also, I'm going to Disneyland Paris. You've been invited to go to Disneyland Paris and the brand new Arendelle Frozen Land is going to be opening there. We will get a sneak preview of that before anybody else. So, you definitely want to hit the subscribe button so you can see all that stuff. And oh OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH by the way by the way just today it just dropped right now but you have to use the link down below or call 1855 getaway 1855 getaway and when they answer the phone make sure you say provos park pass. Um you can get an additional $50 off your vacation packages that just came out today. This is one of the reasons you follow along with Provos Park Pass so that way you can get all these cool amazing deals. It just dropped today. you can get an additional $50 off your vacation packages to Walt Disney World and to Disneyland. And so click the link down below or call them and say park pass and they'll tell you about these amazing deals. But you have to click the link or say park pass else you're not going to hear about these amazing deals. >> Okay, I'm curious. I want to hear everyone's >> wish list their blue sky for villains left. What would you like to see? >> Put it down in the comments. We'd love to see that. So it'll be a lot of fun. >> I think there should be another mountain. >> You think Oh, like another m like another roller coaster. Love it. Okay. Anyways, thank you so much. And wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I do need to talk to you guys for just one quick second on this Friday. I want you to know that I am talking to you right now. And just you, you are amazing. You make the world a better place. Did you know that? And if you are struggling and you feel underappreciated or you feel that aren't going well in a relationship or you're suffering from depression, it will get better. And the worst part about it, when you're being depressed or you're feeling have those rough patches, you feel like it's going to stay that way forever. It's not. You are amazing. You make the world a better place and you are awesome. All right, guys. I will see you in the next video. I'll talk to you guys later. Bye-bye, everybody. Have a good one. Hit the subscribe button. Hit the subscribe button. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. What do you think? We're going to get Muppa 3D and then we're going to get to see this new villain's land. Do you think Kron and Ema will be represented? And I love the new naming convention. Millennium Falcon Smuggler's Run: A New Mission. Hey, and to our Patreons, thank you so much. We couldn't do these videos without your support. You're amazing. And if you want to become patron, click the link down below.
