---
video_id: yxY_5MyqbHA
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Traveling To Florida And Amanda Gets UPSET"
published: 2026-04-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxY_5MyqbHA
---
Hello guys. I'm in a car right now with my wife and son. We are headed to the airport. It's very exciting. And um we're going to be going down to Florida. We spend time in Florida and doing the Walt Disney World and also um Epic Universe. And it's going to be epic. So today's a travel video. I'm just going to show you how it's like what it's like traveling getting everything ready to go. >> So, when everybody's getting ready, I noticed Amanda and Miles were wearing white pants. So, I >> White Pant Club. >> White Pant Club. >> Okay, guys. We just got through security. We're going to go catch our flight. Now, these types of trips are super enjoyable for me. I'll tell you why. My wife Amanda has planned everything. I don't even really know what we're doing. I know uh I know about where we're going. I don't know the plans. I don't even know what hotels we're staying at. So, uh Amanda's planned the whole thing and we are off to this video. So, it'll be fun. Stella Lou, >> I know nothing, but I can guarantee I know one thing that she's planned for this trip. or pen. >> Gideon's cookies. >> That's the first thing we're doing. >> Is that Is it really? >> Yeah. Number one. >> Gideon's cookies. >> All right, guys. We're off to catch our flight. We are in spring break. Going here a little vacation. Boarding the plane. Flight is about 4 and a half hours here from Salt Lake City to Florida. So, one of the reasons we really like Salt Lake is the flight airport has lots of direct flights. >> I look over, Amanda's on her phone looking at tattoos that she wants to get. Like, >> can't confirm or deny that. >> Okay. Are we really going to um Gideons today? >> Yeah. Number one. >> Number one. >> We go to Gideon's number one. Then we might have to go back kind of and then again and then back and then again. Okay. >> It's delicious. I'm already dreaming about it. >> I don't even know what the hotel we're staying at. >> Do you want me to tell you or do you want to be surprised? >> Are we going to a theme park today? >> No. >> No. Okay. >> Kind of want to be surprised. Gideons. >> All right. We're going to We're going to Gideon. For those you who don't know, Gideons is an amazing cookie shop and coffee shop. Amanda's favorite things in the world. >> And it's like dark and scary in there, >> which she also loves. which I also love. >> The craziest thing just happened on our flight. So, we're sitting here and all of a sudden Miles's like, "Oh my gosh." Getting all excited like, "What? His third grade teacher is on the same flight that we are on." And he was delighted to see her cuz he loves his third grade teacher. And she just walked right up by she. So, it was amazing. We are just about ready to take off. I am literally going to try to sleep for this flight. I'm tired. We're coming in for a land. >> We're about to land. Maybe. >> Oh my gosh, guys. >> This is big news. If you get so close to me, >> they have to be able to hear you. >> Okay, so I'm just on the Gideon's website and they had the cookie of the month, which is the sea turtle for March. But guess what? It's the last day of the month. It's March 31st, which means tomorrow they have a new cookie of the month. So, we have to go today and we have to go tomorrow and the next day and the next day. I wonder what that's going to be. What is the >> That's the only reason we come here. So, she can get cookies. >> What is the April cookie of the month? >> If you've ever come into the MCO airport, this is the famous carpet everybody talks about. It's so bad. It's awesome. >> Amanda and Miles are going to get some food. They're hungry. And I'm running down to quickly grab our luggage and then we're off. I can't even get an Uber cuz I don't know what hotel we're staying at. All right, we're in our Uber headed to our hotel. We are staying at the Swan. >> Mhm. >> It's a Swan and Dolphin. And these are it's it's really interesting cuz these two hotels are not actually owned by Disney, but they're on Disney property, but you get all the Disney benefits as if you you get to still get early entry. And then also, we have some big news here about Gideonss. >> All right, so what are we seeing? >> Okay, so we have lots of options with Gideons. >> This is very exciting. >> We not only get the March cookie of the month, but there is a carrot cake cookie happening now for Easter, >> which is for the next three days, >> only during Easter time. And then tomorrow we would get a new cookie. So we get a sea turtle cookie and a carrot cake cookie and a new cookie. >> Can you believe? >> It's almost like you planned it. >> Maybe I'm like when should we go to Disney World? It depends on what's going on at Gideon's. >> We just got here. We are staying at the Swan Hotel. >> Just going to check in. All right, we are checking in here, guys. This is very exciting. We're going to go down here to her room. >> So, Amanda booked this through Getaway today. And I never know when she books it like what kind of room she's going to ask for get. Sometimes it's like a two queens. Sometimes she wants a king and roll away. I'll never know until I get to the room. >> Well, I actually just have to say Chris, I have to brag about you for a second. Okay. >> Okay. >> Yeah. >> Chris has stayed at every single Disney resort on property, which is amazing. I've stayed at maybe 34s of them. So, when I was talking to Getaway Today, I said, "Okay, I want something that's on property, but I'm trying to think like what haven't we done yet?" And they were like, "Okay, we have to put you guys in the spa >> and dolphin." And so, here we are. >> Here we are. Okay, we're going to check it out. >> Okay. >> Okay, guys. I am going to be doing the room tour today. Okay. I got to take off my shoes. We're going to start with the bathroom. Looks like there's like a Oh, okay. It slides very quickly. Little closet in here. Bathroom. Then we have our Oh, hi. uh sink and a complimentary air dryer. Then another sink, toilet, shower. >> You have to go real slow, sweetie. >> Regular bathroom stuff. Wait, what's that? White tea body lotion. No. What's this one? Also white tea body lotion. Napkins. Then let's go over here. I think that goes to the I'm not going to open up the door. And then TV. Got a remote. Simple controls on Netflix, stuff like that. Then we have our table. Nice chair. Oh, it doesn't wiggle. Then we have queen bed. I think this pulls out. Yep. And it's a pull out bed. Then this is where I'll be sleeping. Then Oh my, look at this view. Wow. So over there, the triangle, that's the dolphin. And then uh the sides right here is swan. They mix. And then this is our room. All right. So, let me show you the room as well. This here is our room. And it looks like Amanda has chosen a king-size bed for us this time. And this will be a pullway for where Miles can sleep. And let's take a look at the view. We have a little bit of a view out here. That's pretty cool. Okay, over here got a little breakfast nook, chair, giant TV, writing credenza, mirrors on the wall. Look at this. Oh, look at that. Move over here. This is going to take us into the bathroom. In the bathroom, we've got a huge mirror. >> Sorry, don't mind me. >> Oh, Miles is in here. What are you You put your backpack away. >> I'm putting my backpack away. >> Putting your backpack away. I love it. Okay, got a little safe there. Miles is putting his backpack away. And then this is the bathroom. Now, something that's really cool about this, you notice there's a sink out here. And there's also another sink in here. See that? You So, you got two sinks. This sink in here, you've also got a toilet. And then you also have your shower head over here, which is nice. Look at that shower head. Nice glass door, uh, shower head. And this is really nice. So, somebody's showering, then you have another person out here brushing their teeth and getting ready. And that's my wife, Amanda. >> Roomy and spacious. Very airy. I like it. I want to see the view. >> Oh, wait. Was that Sorry. Okay. >> Okay. But I'm leaving a suitcase out there. >> Go. Go ahead. We got it. >> I'm going to sacrifice the suitcase to see the view. >> Go check out the view. >> Beautiful. This is This is great. As I was editing this video, I realized Amanda, Chris, and Miles, we all showed the view and all had our own little reactions to it. I'm going to reshow all three of those views. Those reactions. Tell me which one you like the best down below. And oh my, look at this view. Wow, >> that's pretty. It's so this hotel to me like is so like Disney World, you know, and you just see it when you drive by when you're in the park. We're in uh the Disney World property. So, that is excellent. This is also interesting. See that little boat right there? That boat will take you to uh Hollywood Studios or you can also walk to Hollywood Studios or walk to Epcot here and they have buses to take you to the different parks. It's called the friendship boat. >> Friendship. >> If you want to book this, call get away. Uh, call 1855 Getaway. 1855 Getaway. And they'll be able to help you get the book this room. And these hotels here are different because they're not Disney properties, but they come with cool special amenities. You still get the extra. So, get the early entry in. And oh, it's a Marriott. So, if you got Marriott resort reward, you can stay here. is sweet and it's very affordable. All right, let's continue on. We've got to get to Gideons to get a try out these cookies. >> We're going to catch a bus. We're going to catch a bus to the Disney Springs. >> We're waiting for the bus for Disney Springs. Who's going to mess up first? It's >> intense. >> Here we go. All right, we just got here to Disney Springs. Disney Springs for those of you who are from like are used to like California live downtown Disney. >> Downtown Disney >> Downtown Disney is super popular. Actually, let me start that all over again. Downtown Disney is just kind like a thorough thriller to the parks. It's not some place that people just make a destination just to go. I mean, a few people do, but not a lot. Disney Springs here in Florida. This is a huge destination. Our bus is complete full when people got on it. This is what people love to come here. Lots of restaurants, dozens and dozens of restaurants and shops and people just like to come here for the entertainment and listen to music. It's a big big deal. Here we are, Disney Springs. And it's shops and restaurants and entertainment and they have like uh bars. It is a total destiny. Movie theaters. >> Hello. Is this plane over there? There we go. I asked man, are we going straight to Gideon? She's like, no, I want to get food first, then Gideon. I'm like, okay. So, we're here. We're at this restaurant called Paradisio 37. And Amanda likes his crazy corn. Got a cool view. >> The trio dip. >> And the what? >> The trio dip. >> And the trio dip. I don't know what the trio dip is. >> This one right here. P37. >> Oh, >> this is the crazy corn. >> It's like corn in a cob with all stick. It's got cheese and queso. Here's a little different types of dips. And Amanda, of course, got her salad. >> Amanda just says, "Hey, you got to eat that corn. You can't let the corn go to waste right there." Like, "Oh, right. >> Look at this glob of cheese that Amanda just stole. >> Can't let it go to waste. >> Can't let that go to waste, babe. >> So good. >> So good. The important thing is you take that lime and you squeeze that lime across that cheese. It makes it so good. >> All right. So, this is the extra fondito whatever the crazy corn cheese. So, Amanda puts it there. Then she politely asked me to put a little lime on it. >> So good. >> And that lime just makes that pop so much. So, I know I'm showing an empty plate, but man, it's so good. Crazy corn. >> We just got done eating and now we're on our way to Gideon's ch cookie shop. The whole reason I think we're down here in Florida is to go to Gideonss and Gideonss and more Gideonss. Before I married Amanda, food was just like a like a fuel source. But then she taught me, she's like, "No, food is to be enjoyed. Good desserts, good food. So now we're going to do this." So she's taught me that. Here's Gideon's Bake House. And this is the line. Oh boy. It's always a line. Always a line. But the cookies are so good. Oh boy. This line. This line. There we go. This line. There she is. They got some live entertainment. We're still in line. What are you going to order? >> I don't know. So, the turtle, baby. >> The what? >> The turtle. Maybe the >> turtle. You got it. It's the last day for it. >> This is it. We're getting close. Carefully handcrafted cookies and cakes. Try the original peanut butter iced coffee. That's Amanda loves it. Join us nightly for hot cookie hour. >> We are next to go in. Amanda's getting anxious >> and we're about ready to go. >> And there she goes. She's going in. And we are in. This is what Amanda likes. She likes the creepy dark stuff and she likes cookies and she likes coffee. It's everything she likes. >> Amanda loves this place so much. just she like talks about all her little paintings she likes. >> Her favorite is this one. >> Her second favorite is this one. >> Here's the cookies they have. Sold out of the limited edition. >> They also have cakes for you. Here's some more. The cookies and cream, peanut butter crunch, original chocolate chip, triple chocolate chip. Oh boy. Pistachio toffee chocolate chip. >> The moment she's been waiting for. >> What the heck is this? >> I know. This is really good. >> It's a warm cookie. >> They were sold out of the sea salt. >> They're sold out of turtle. >> This is a warm cookie, though. They're only available for like a short amount of time. This is just the regular chocolate chip. >> We got our >> They have a little area that's roped off, but if you have a warm cookie, they let you sit here and eat your warm cookie. >> Look at that. And Amanda got the peanut butter cold brew. >> This is really good. I always get a small, but I got a large because they were sold out of my cookie. >> Yeah. She's so sad. >> Like got to get a large. >> Got to do it. >> I got a peanut butter crunch cookie, but I'm going to save it for tonight. And they also got a butterscotch cold brew. Butterscotch. Okay. I couldn't wait. Hold on. I got to fix the glasses. Butter peanut butter crumble or what is what it's called? Peanut butter. What? >> Peanut butter cookie. Peanut butter. Oh yeah. If you like peanut butter. Yeah. >> All right. That's my That's my peanut butter cookie. Man, tried it. >> It is divine. >> Divine. >> It is so good. I feel like Gideon's they know how to do peanut butter, right? Sometimes they're like they know chocolate, right? They're covered in chocolate chip. They're chocolate. Mega chocolate. >> But they're peanut butter. They're peanut butter cold brew. And this cookie, this is really good. Is that really good? >> It's like perfect. It's like a perfect >> But you've told me cuz Amanda loves coffee more. That's like her favorite >> and she loves cold brews. But she says this is this could be your favorite cold brew of all time. >> Yeah. Oh yeah. >> Wow. >> Yeah. This the peanut butter one. Peanut butter. >> Peanut butter one. >> All right. So I've been loving my cold brew. Right. And Amanda's like, "Let me have a little taste, a little splash." I'm like, "Okay." I'm like, "Let me try yours." That was a mistake. That peanut butter cold brew is so good. It makes mine not as good anymore. >> I don't know how they do it. It's magic cuz it's vegan, too. So, this is a vegan cold. >> Vegan cold brew. >> That's important to you. And >> hi, how are you? >> Yeah, my wife ruined my hers is really good. Mine's good. That's the best. That's the best. You're right. And I should And she told me, she's like, "Weren't you going to get him?" I'm like, "I'm going to try something new." >> No. I I kind of regret it now. >> Nothing compares to this. I don't know how they do it. It's so good. I'm trying to think of what flavor it would be. And this does not This is going to sound gross. So, this does not capture it, but I feel like it's like a peanut butter Tootsie Roll. >> Wo. >> But then don't be turned off by that. But that's like kind of what comes to mind. But it's so good. >> All right, guys. Tomorrow we're doing Where are we going tomorrow? >> Epcot. >> Epcot. Tomorrow's a lazy day in Epcot. We're down here for spring break for our son. We're going to go to Epcot. We're going to take you to Epcot. We have literally no plans. We're just going to be relaxing, enjoying the park as much. >> Oh, no plans. >> No plans. >> Thursday, I went crazy with the plans. >> Oh, you serious? >> Yeah. >> I don't even know what that is. >> It was a little much. >> So, we're going to do that. We'll see you guys tomorrow at Epcot. Oh, yeah. When I get back to the hotel room, >> we might go swimming tomorrow. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We might nothing taking nothing off the table, guys. When I get back to the hotel room, we sit down and chat with you for a second. >> What were you just saying about Disney Springs? >> Oh, it's a lot more loud and kind of more like, you know, party. There's >> live music and it's crowded and the restaurants are like larger than life. >> It definitely feels like um >> like >> Downtown Disney's crazy older rich cousin. They're like crazy older rich uncle. I I will say I of all the >> uncle >> of all the uh we've been to all the Disney parks around the world >> and a lot of them they have like a Downtown Disney. This Disney Springs is by far nothing even compares to it. >> It's the most party and it's super fun. Yeah. >> I love it though. I love it. It might be my favorite except for that hot chocolate at Disney Village at Disneyland Paris. I can't stop thinking about that. >> But no, this is a blast. I love Disney Springs. >> Okay, so um I can't talk about this in this video, but maybe in tomorrow's video. Amanda just discovered something that made her so angry >> about the green Eminem. I can't even begin to talk to you about it. Maybe tomorrow's video we could could go into it, but she's >> I'm serious. >> She's like, she's Look at the camera and tell you're just She's like >> I'm serious. >> I'll tell you about tomorrow's video. Hey guys, thank you so much for doing this travel video with us today. And um tomorrow is going to be a lazy day at Epcot. Maybe Amanda will talk about this thing that she's in she's furious about, but I understand her point of view. It makes complete sense to me. Um I also just want to take a quick little moment to talk to you. And I'm only talking to you right now. I want you to know how amazing you are. You matter. You make the world a better place. You do. You are appreciated. You are awesome. You are unique and you are special. You make the world great and I want you to know I appreciate that. I'll see you guys in the next video. >> I'm furious. >> Oh boy. Okay. Well, look at this. Look at I have to show you this real quickly, guys. Let me get the shadow so you can see it. Look at that. That's like a water. Look at that giant water fountain on top of that hotel over there. >> That's huge. >> Oh, it was a travel day. Travel day. We made it all the way down to Florida. Went to Kadians. Got our drinks. Now we're ready to have some fun fun fun. Hey Patreons, thank you so much. If you want to become part of our Patreon community and have your name on the end card, it's really simple. There's a link down below. Click it. Become a Patreon for as little as $3 a month. You will not regret it. Plus, you get a cool behind thescenes
