---
video_id: bCYOv4sE_NQ
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "This Is Not Going To End Well. I Didn't Train For This Run Disney 10K"
published: 2026-02-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCYOv4sE_NQ
---
Hello everybody. You're watching Park Pass and I'm about to start my largest mistake I've ever made of this year. Remember at 2026 we're not afraid of failure. It's going to be bad. I'm going to be running a 10K race and a half marathon. I think possib I don't know if I'll be doing the 10K. I'll explain in a moment. And I haven't trained at all. The farthest I've run so far this year or in the last 6 months or even the year I think is three miles. And I'm supposed to be running a six mile race and a 13 mile race. Right now I'm going to the runners expo to pick up all my gear. I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this or not. This is going to be a massive mistake. This is the 70th celebration here at Disneyland where the Disneyland Hotel. This is where you have to come in to check in and grab all your gear to do the run. And so they did today they did a 5K, tomorrow's a 10K, and then they have the half marathon. 5K is 3.1 miles, 10K is 6.2 mi, and the half marathon is 13.1 miles. And I signed up for what's called the Dopey or the Dumbo Dashes. You have to run both races to get this medal. So, here we go. And this is going to be kind of crazy. Here it is. And then I've got a lot the things kind of fell apart. So, I'm not sure if we'll run tomorrow. I'll explain as we get a little bit closer to the race why this is maybe not going to happen. But I think we might have found a solution. I know what I'm saying doesn't make sense yet, but it will in just a moment. Okay, let's go to the expo. All right, so we're going to go to the expo. This is so popular that you actually have to have [music] um a like when you register for the race, they give you a little QR code to allow you [music] into the expo. If you're not running, you can't go in this expo. So, only runners are allowed into the [music] expo. So, here's my little that's my QR code in order to get in. I'm going to go in, get my runner's numbers, and then after that, then you have to go downstairs and get your shirts and all that. There's a lot of moving parts here. This is going to be a huge mistake. All right, I'm here with my friend Trace and there's my son Miles. He's running the kids race. This is the race bib pickup. >> Miles is running the kids fun run, which is a little I think about a mile and uh we're excited. This is going to be a lot of fun. But I'm getting to it. Why is this such a mistake? Just right now I got so much going on. I'm trying to get through here and look and see what I'm doing. And then I'll sit down and tell you what's really going on. So, this is I'm doing challenge cuz I'm doing the two races. You see it says challenge here. And Whoa. I didn't mean to do that. The challenge. All right. So, we just stopped. We got Miles bag. >> That is a backpack. >> That That's also a backpack. So, Miles for the kids run. Now, I'm going to go get my stuff. So, I got Miles bib. He's running tomorrow. And then I'm going to get my stuff for the 10K and the half marathon. All right. Let's get my bib. Hi. How are you? I'm seeing the having connection. >> There you go, Eric. Does >> that help? >> Yeah. >> And then do you have your ID? >> My ID? Yes, I do. >> Let's get my ID out. >> Mariah, hello. >> Yes. >> Can I see your uh ID card? >> Thank you so much. I'm assuming you check IDs so that way some people can't register and have another person run for them. Ah, sneaky snakes. Okay, I'm so nervous. I went to the wrong numbers. I got to get the go to the right place to get my bib. Got it. Got it. Got it. So, they have the kids race. They have a 10K which is tomorrow. Then they have the if you're just running just the half marathon that's down there. And then there's there's there's our wonderful volunteer Ted. And then right over here, this is the challenge if you're doing well. Both of them. I haven't trained for this half marathon at all or the 10K. My wife Amanda, she's running it. She's running with her friend and they are both excellent runners. They're going to be running up ahead of me. My friend Katie, she said that she's going to be meet here. She's an excellent runner, but she's like, "I'll run it with you." So my friend Katie and her husband Rob and they're going to be here and but Katie's like, "I'll run it with you." I'm like, "Well, Katie, you she runs so fast." So I'm trying to convince her just to run ahead without me and then I'm just going to go by myself cuz if Katie goes with me, it's going to be embarrassing because she's fast and I'm going to be doing a lot of walking, running, walking, running. All right, we got it. We got our bibs. We got all this stuff. And now we're going to go down to get our merchandise, which is what? And our shirts and all that stuff. All right, we're here, we guys. We're going in here. This is the expo where you check in. This is the fun part. If you've never done a race, they have like your shirts and this is the fun area. You can buy merchandise here. It's just it's fun. All right, guys. These are all the fun little things to look at. And so this is I don't know. It's just it's just fun to be here and kind of look at stuff. All right, so this is tomorrow's race is the 10K 6.2 miles. So where does it start? You start here. Go down. Run back. You're going to run through Disney California Adventure. That's cool. Then you come in here down Main Street. Run down here. Run through the back area. Come right down here. We're here. This one's fun because almost the whole thing is done in and you go down here and then you end you finish right there. Start finish spot. That's tomorrow's race. And these are the medals you get if you do the 5K. There's the 10K. There's the What is this? The half marathon. This is the kids race. That's what Miles is going to do. This is if you run the 10K and the half marathon, you get that one. If you've done the race in Florida and here you get the coast to coast. This is the half marathon. Not super thrilled with it. Start here. Run through Disney, right? You get out of Disney. You run down here. Mile six. These are called out and backs. I don't like it. You run all the way down. It's like a straight for a mile. >> Run down here. Look through this little area. And then you come back all the way back. It's kind of boring. And then you come all the way down. And then you go through here. This is what drives me. I hate these. This is called the out and back. I hate out and backs. Turn around. Come back down. Then you go this way. Come down here. And you finish. Finish. Where we start. Lot of out and backs. All right. They got sunglasses. >> Mickey minis. >> They have all kinds of fun stuff. Go beltless out of pocket. These are all the different They got socks. There's more glasses. These are all things for runners, right? Love it. Running socks. Love it. This is awesome. People get like little their legs massaged over there. They even have like Pandora bracelets. So, this is just really fun for you to come down here and just It's the best part about running a race is the expos. It's so fun to walk around. [music] So, only people that can come in here are the people who are running. And it makes it so fun. And I'm going to come down here to the pre-purchase merchandise. I didn't realize when I signed up. Apparently, I did some pre-purchase stuff. I didn't realize this is the This is where they have the Run Disney merchandise and they only sell it here on these weekends. So, people they sell out super fast. This is craziness. Now, I got to go down here to the pre- purchase stuff. This is all the craziness they have for the race day. I don't even remember doing this. I got this email pre- purchase. So, I didn't even realize I bought these. These are like these pins. I don't know. I must have when I got excited, I must have been like, "Oh my gosh, I got this thing like you pre- purchase these pins." So, it's the Dumbo Double Dash pins that I purchased. So, there you go. All right. Here's some merch, guys. They have here for the 13 for the half marathon. All right, guys. We're exiting out. We've seen all the Look, they got little skirts to run in. Glitter bar. Here's the exit. All right, let me explain to you what's happened. Is I am signed up to do the the double dash, the Dumbo Dare. Tomorrow is a 10K and the next day is the uh half marathon. I haven't trained at all. And then the other problem is is that um Amanda's running and I'm running and we had to be at the race course at 4:00 in the morning. 4:15 in the morning. The race starts, I think, at 5:00 in the morning. Our son Miles is with us and we had somebody, my mom was going to come down. She was going to watch Miles and stay in her hotel room, but she couldn't make it last second. So then what ended up happening is we don't have my friend Katie. She's like, "Well, Miles, come stay over here at our apartment." And but it's just getting kind of difficult. So, I had made a decision. I was like, "I am not going to run the 10K. I'm not going to run the 10K. That way, somebody's there with miles." But what had just happened, my friend Brooklyn, she is here and she's like, "I got it." She goes, I she lives in Florida and she goes, "400 in the morning is 7:00 in the morning Florida time." because I'm already up anyways at that time. So, she's going to come over to our hotel and she is going to um come in the room while Miles is sleeping so Amanda and I can go run our race tomorrow. Then I'm going to come back hopefully get back in time. Miles hopefully is still asleep. We'll get back and she'll just be asleep and he won't even notice that anything really happened. The problem that I have is I'm not prepared for this race. I'm going to struggle. And then the next day, we have the uh half marathon. So, I got to make sure that I don't know how I'm going to do this half marathon either. This is going to be a massive, massive mistake on my part. Um I'm not prepared for it. I don't know if I'm going to finish. We'll see. So, I'm going to continue on with this video. I'll continue on with the 10K, which is tomorrow. And then the next video after that will be the half marathon which is going to be a disaster. >> All right guys, we are here lining up early in the morning. Today's a >> 10k race. I am not prepared for this. It's going to be brutal. >> But I have to show you Amanda. She's joining as an ostrich from Fantasia. >> Okay, I'll give you a hint. >> The little ballet. >> So cute. >> So she's in different corrals. We're in different corral. So we have to You can go down. >> Yeah. >> All right. So, today's the 10K. It's 6.1 miles. Um Disney. I'm >> so grateful my friends are watching Miles. So, I'm able to actually be able to do this and be able to run this one. Um and so today's the 10K. Tomorrow's the half marathon. We're going to see how this goes. I'm a little nervous. >> I have a little blanket on. This is a throwaway blanket. Once the race starts here, um, I'll take the blanket, throw it off. >> So, let's do this. [music] [singing] >> All right, they're getting ready to start. This is crowd A's going. They line you up. There's crowd A, >> B, and C. We are in C. Goes all the way down. I think G. All right, athletes. >> So, get ready to start corral AS. >> Are you ready? >> Here we go. >> These are the really fast runners. >> 4 3 2 1 go. [music] >> And they're off. >> Here we are. This is our group. [music] >> No, because I have to think of >> We're getting ready to start here, guys. >> This is going to be the first mistake I make. The second one's a marathon tomorrow. >> All right, guys. This is our 5 4 3 2 1 go. >> What are those words? >> Here we go. [music] >> All right, here we are. We're going >> just barely getting started. >> Have people cheering us on. >> It's awesome. >> All right, we're going along. I am not prepared for this. What's funny is I'm in corral C. My wife Amanda, who's a very fast runner, they have her in Crow E. They have big moving trucks to block the intersection or the run. All right, this is mile marker number one. Now the clock underneath it is when the race started for corral A. This is what everybody likes is you get to run behind the scenes at Disney and through the parks. Something you don't get to see very often, the backside of a credit coaster. I know I'm breathing heavy. Sorry about that. I'm running a race, so I can do about it. floats. >> All right. >> That's a water stop. >> Let's get a little bit of water. >> Thank you. >> Cold water. >> Just had some water. Okay, >> thank you. Got it. >> First water stop and we're going in. >> Now we go into the >> the park area. [music] >> This is what makes the Disney run so fun is cuz you get to run through the parks. You get to run through DCA and Disneyland. This is the back of Cars Land. >> Now we're about to enter into the park officially. I guess we're in the park, but front of stage or rather behind stage. >> That's awesome, isn't it? I know some of you I know who are watching maybe don't have the opportunity to do something like this. This is for you. >> Hey, Lightning McQueen. [music] Yeah, a lot of people peeled off because they want to get a photo. Better just keep running. All right, we turned the corner and now going down to Pixar Pier, I think. All right, we're turning here. You see the other runners who were ahead of us. >> We're going this way. >> Oh, there's a >> Looks beautiful at night time. All right, >> coming down here. [music] [music] >> It kind of looks like it does on any other day, doesn't it? With a crowd going to Midway Mania. You can see right there is a line. this for a photo with Buzz and Woody. So, people want to get line. That also gives them a chance to take a break break. There they are. And [music] continuing on. All right. All right. Now down here we got looks like Luca character meet and greet. [music] Crazy fun. All right, here's mile two. Mile two. >> All right, only 4.2 more miles to go. >> Running by the Red Hood Creek. Still going. >> Do I want to stop and walk? I do. I'm going to keep going. They're cheering us on. Yay. >> All right, we're to the top of Bu Street. Carly Circle's right ahead. We're heading back down. Going through the Lunar New Year arch and then we're [music] turning into Avengers Campus. Here we go. >> Slight turn takes us into Avengers Campus. Sorry about my breathing, but I'm working out. >> Here's the web slingers [music] coming on through Avengers Campus. Lie. >> E. I love Look at me. [laughter] [screaming] >> Well, hello runners. >> You sure do. >> All right, we're coming out of uh Major's Campus and heading into Hollywood Studios portion. All right, we're exiting down Lightwood Street to the top of the hub for Buen Vista. All right, now we're turning going down Wav Vista Street [music] right into Esplanade, which will then take us into Disneyland. Okay, we're going to run through Espanad. That's where a lot of people come here. And yeah, hot and tired, sweaty. There they go, cheering us on. We're running down here, getting ready to enter into Disneyland. There we go. [music] I love the crowds. Okay, >> now we're going into Disneyland. This [music] is great. >> There we are. Just entered in Disneyland. I've entered here many times. Rarely is a runner. Here we are entering the bottom of Main Street. They're giving us something over there, but I didn't want to stop for it. All right, continue on. All right, we're here at mile three. Coming right up here. All right. Going to see the castle. [music] All right. There's a hydration station. I'm going to get a little bit of water. [music] Let's do this. >> Thank you. Thank you. [music] >> Let's go. >> We're going. We're going strong. You're with me. [music] You believe in me. I don't know if I'm doubting myself right now, which I am. You're amazing. And bring you into adventure land. >> Here we go. Here we are. Continuing on. It's great. I'm tired. I want to walk, but I know if I start to walk, then it's hard to start running again. Then I start walking a lot. So, I'm trying to go as far as I can before I have to slow down for that. [music] Here we are entering a new one on these square. A little chair. There they are. The people here in front of me are dressed like brooms. They got buckets of lights in it. That's amazing costume. of course coming up to canoes. Going down here by windoo. Just ran past the poo. Coming down here by Tiana's. And then we're going to run backstage for a little bit, which I actually like. Oh, look. the way the boot ride is actually going. Sorry, I can't zoom in cuz I'm trying to jog. All right, now we're turning here. This is going to take us backstage. >> You guys got this. You're doing amazing, sweetie. >> Thank you. Let's go. You guys, >> it's always for me. I like these parts. We got to go in and see the backstage area, but the cast members get to see. Oh, there's more brooms. You notice it's really well lit back here. They don't have the ambient lighting that the park has. Okay. >> Pirates boats. >> Maybe that's that's not pirates. That's it's [music] small world boats. We're doing great. >> Still running backstage. >> You see a fake bounce on the building to inspire depths in Star Wars land. Keep going. Morning. >> Here we go. >> We are now entering into Thank you. >> Here we go. >> Now we're get more ambient lighting and also music comes back. Sound effects. My jogging >> this is happening right here >> is slightly faster than my walking barely >> but I am doing it. Oh, it looks nice at night. When I run, I self soothe through my breathing. I start making my I go like I just keep doing that when the camera's on. That's what I'm doing. There's Ray. Okay. Okay, coming out of Batu and entering into my legs are a little numb. My body can do it. My mind is weak. My mind's like, "Ah, I take a break." My body's like, "Let me run. All right, good. We got a little bit of a downhill. That's nice. Oh, we got some music going on down here. And these it had a chance to run a race. [music] These little music stops and and cheering. It really helps you keep going. They got Wendle Country Bear doing a photo op. And we're coming up here to Whoa. We're hitting mile four. How'd that creep up on us? Mile four. [music] That's amazing. We're doing great, guys. Just a little over two more miles to go and we're done for the day. We did this. Oh, that [music] last mile went by faster for me mentally. All right. Looks like there's a line here for photo op. I don't know who it is, but a lot of people are in lining up. That's part of the fun of Disney though. You You're not really running for time. You're running for fun. Oh, they want to get in front of the castle. That makes sense. Yeah. Get a photo in front of the castle. Yeah. I wish I would have done that. That's great. All right. Continue on here. And we are now gonna go into Tomorrowland. All right, we're entering into Tomorrowland. Here we go. >> Tomorrowland. All right, Space Mountain. I'm thinking about tomorrow's half marathon. Like, how am I going to do this? This has been a little bit of a challenge. It's only 10K. Tomorrow's half marathon. Oh boy. Oh, there's Chipadell down there. They have the photographers to take photos. In the last stop, I was getting excited cuz you want to get a good photo and a girl stopped to tire shoe right in front. [laughter] Photographers didn't realize it. Of course, the photograph that photo >> that's okay. We're going along. Come along Big Thunder Mountain Horn. This is where we got to dig a little bit deeper. Just keep going. Rather than think about for me, rather than think about the current race, I think about my future self. like when I'm done. I would have thought, "Oh, I should have run a little harder or I shouldn't stop that walk." So, I'm trying to keep that my feet are so happy by thinking, "What would he like?" All right, getting ready to turn here. Enter to Fancy Land. All right, we're here in Fantasy Land or we're turning. You see some runners been running past this small world. So we must have to get over there somehow. [music] We're turning and going through fancy land. >> I'm trying, guys. All right, here's the >> Oh my gosh, it was Merlin. >> You don't get to see Merlin very much. >> Good job, Merlin. Wonderful. You look like a regular wizard lizard. Wonderful. We're >> walking down running down here. The last 16 I did, we actually ran through the half marathon through the castle, but [music] I think it's nice. They're letting people get photos there. Oh, we get photos in the back of the castle, too. Okay. Is just chugging along at a slow variable pace. I expect my wife and her friend Jamie to catch up with me at some point between now and finish their fast. All right, turning heading back into a two. >> Kylo Ren coming down here. >> Starting to feel it now, guys. a little thirsty. >> Of course, the Millennium Falcon looks great. Okay. Okay, we're going to go backstage for some scenarios ahead. >> All right, I did it. Right now, I finally stopped to walk a little bit. Okay, started running again. I didn't want to. All right, good. There's a water break. I need it. >> Okay, I see some wateroo. >> Good job. >> Thank you so much. I appreciate that. >> Get a parch. >> Thank you. All right. >> Now I got to throw it away. >> Garbage right there. >> And we're back running. Yes. >> Sun's coming up and here we go. >> All right, guys. Here we go. Cas, welcome to you. Great job, Tan. Thirst shift Custo thanks you. Let's go get a get a high five. >> Good job. Thank you. >> Thank you. >> [music] >> All right. >> I don't know what this is. >> Medical. >> All right. >> All right, guys. We're now entering into Toontown. Look like it's a mini Pluto. photo up and head through to town. This is great. [music] Oh my gosh, it's mile five. We made it. >> All right, guys. Only 1.2 more miles and we're done. I can't [music] believe it. >> All right. Oh, wait. I want to do this one. Sorry. All right, guys. We're going along getting some running down a little hill here. That's nice on the bod. [music] I know. I apologize if I'm not very coherent this video. I'm trying to talk and run and I'm not really thinking clearly. I'm just like, what are we doing? [music] We got to go up this hill. Hills are our friends. Very best friends. Hills are our friends. The very best friends. Hills are our friends. The very best friends. Hills are friends. Very best friends. Made it. Okay. Here we go. [music] Oh, I thought we go down that way. It's not. That makes sense. We're here in front of Small World. [music] All right, now we're going backstage here. >> Keep running, guys. Just keep running. Just keep running. >> Sharp turn ahead. >> All right, >> we're doing good. This backstage area is kind of fun for me. I like to look at it. Okay. All right. We're running back here. >> There's no wall. >> I don't think I've ever been back here. All right. So, Miles is signed up to do the kids run today. So, once I get done this race, we go back to the hotel, get Miles ready, and bring him back. He does his race. His is about a mile. And so he'll do great. He's going to dress up as a Mad Hatter. [music] You can see the Montreal. It's kind of cool. You don't get to see this view very often. All right. It's kind of cool cuz you get to run the tunnel [music] and uh is rare. You see Oswald up there. I'm going to run down this tunnel down here. Okay. Sorry about the breathing. Running downhill. while I do a little more [music] gong gong gong running down the tunnel. [music] Running. All right, I just came out the tunnel. I got to run up this hill. It might not look like a lot, but it feels like a lot. So, I'm walking the hill. I was going to turn the camera off, but I was like, you know what? I got to show the good and the bad. the walking. >> All right, guys. We're going. I You might be thinking, am I running? I am. Just not very fast. >> Tic. >> All right. Thank you. >> Thank you. Thank you. It helps. >> Okay, now we're going to turn here and go in, right? >> All right, we go down and back. All right, turning the And then we're going back down. Here we go. I'm keep an eye out for my wife. They might have stopped to get pictures though cuz she should have passed you right now cuz they're so fast. All right, you're doing great. >> Okay, we just keep going. My legs are tired and a little sore. This is the end, I think. >> Okay. All right, guys. This is the end. Getting up here. [music] People cheering us on. That helps a lot. Oh, >> tap for power. >> All right. I was going to stop and walk, but then somebody's cheering me on. They're like, "Oh, Chris." I'm like, "Oh, I got to look like I'm running." >> Hey. Hi. >> So, I better keep running. All right, guys. Here's mile six right here. Now, we got 02 miles and we're done. Here's the starting line. That's where we started >> like 22 hours ago. It feels like >> Let's finish strong, guys. >> I'm going to keep the camera running. till I finish line. >> Wow. I don't know how I'm going to do tomorrow. I'm going to do a lot of walking tomorrow. Okay, guys. You're great. Actually, I'm going to stop the camera so you don't have to keep hearing my breathing. All right, this is the end, I think. Here we go. >> I'm trying to chase a little stronger that I've been running. [music] >> Janette Martinez. >> All right, we're going, guys. >> Smith. >> Hands up. [music] >> Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. >> There's Mickey. Coming down with a little bit of anxiety, but you made it to the finish line. >> A little bit of anger. Oh man, I got it wrong. >> Probably both. [music] Let's be honest. Maybe the anger for anybody feeling like he's not. [music] >> We did it. You can see all confetti from when the winners came through. >> Wow, we did it. That was awesome. Really surprised my wife didn't pass me. They must have saw her photos because she's like an athlete. >> This the best part, right? They hand you your metal bag. >> Get it open. >> Cowbells. Loving it. Announcer's best friends. The cowbells. >> Okay, the horse is nice. >> There we go. >> Oh, we got celebration. >> Good morning. Yes, I'm power eight and I'm going to get power. >> Thank you so much. >> Now, this is where they have like little food items at the end of a race. These taste the best they've ever had. You banana. Thank you. I don't know what this is. Little box, but I want it. Whatever it is. >> Thank you. I don't know what it is, but I wanted it. I'm trying to see if I see my wife. >> Hi. How are you? Thank you. >> Oh my goodness. have a little potassium. They have medical that people have bags of ice if you need them. >> I probably do, but I heard all over. So, where would I put it? >> All right, I finished the race. I am sore. Here's Amanda. >> Hello. >> She's not sore. >> Yeah, follow the crowd. >> Crushed it. >> The most perfect. What did that guy say about this race? It's the chef kiss of phrases >> because it's it's long enough that you feel like it's a little bit of a challenge and you want to train for it and it's long enough. It's not just like a waste, but you go through the entire park and then it's like you're done. Then you have one mile left. >> Now Miles is here with his friend and they're going to do the kids run and do that and we're going to end the video and then tomorrow I'm running and I'm running with my partner >> partner and this is Katie. Here's the problem. Katie runs incredibly fast. So I I told her I said, "I don't want to run with you." And she's like, "I'll just I'll walk it with you." And I was like, "Uh, that's literally what crawling." [laughter] >> She's going to put you on her back. >> She's going to carry. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. >> All right. Let's go watch Miles do his fun his kids run. Then I'll see you guys tomorrow. I hopefully can get that brace done. I don't know. Might be a huge mistake. >> What's your name? >> My name is Miles. >> Miles, you got a joke for me today? Yeah. Um, did you hear about what happened to Princess Jasmine last night? >> All right. Well, um, guys, I if you hear this joke, we're going to hope it's good and um, appropriate for kids. What happened to Princess Jasmine last night? >> She tried to go to all boy school, but she wasn't all at it. >> Oh, that's actually really good. All right, that's going to be our last joke, guys. We're going to get ready. >> All right, so for the kids run, there is ages 1 to three is like 100 m and ages like four to six is 200 m and the seven to n is the 300 m. Miles will be running of course the 300 meter race and he is friend he's dressed as Mad Hatter and she's dressed up as a chair cat. They came up with that themselves. It's amazing. >> Here comes the 300. Here they come. Yeah, they are coming. I see him coming. He's Mad Hatter. There he is. Miles. Miles. [music] >> There you go. Way to go. >> Yeah. Sending you loose the >> All right, guys. I will see you in tomorrow's video where we'll be running the half marathon. I think it's going to be a huge mistake. I'm already super sore and today Miles and Amanda and I are going to go and Disney and just enjoy the day. Um, and then tomorrow, which means I'm going to be even more tired, but I'm already tired. I'm like, so tomorrow might be my biggest mistake. I normally usually end the videos with like a little talk. I am so tired. I just want you to know you are amazing. You can do hard things. Do not be afraid of success. You deserve it and you are amazing and you matter. >> Okay, I'll see you in the next video. I ran the six What? I was so tired. I didn't know what I did. I ran the 10K, which is 6.1 miles. No, 6.2 miles. Oh my gosh, I'm so tired, you guys. Tomorrow is the uh half marathon. I We're going to see how I do. I hope it goes well. I'm going to We're gonna It's going to be brutal. It's gonna I don't know if I'll be able to finish the race or not. So, tune in tomorrow. And uh to our patrons, thank you so much. We couldn't do these videos without you. You are absolutely wonderful and we love you so very much. [music]
