---
video_id: SiXAo1aQEK0
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Is Disney Creating Problems Where There Are  None?"
published: 2026-02-24
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SiXAo1aQEK0
---
Hey everybody, my name is Chris. You're watching Park Pass and right behind me is Roger Rabbit's Cartoon Spin. We need to talk about what they did to Jessica Rabbit and why Roger Rabbit's Cartoon Spin. We need to talk about this attraction. It's really fun. It's a great attraction, but most kids don't even know who Roger Rabbit is or what happened. This had a massive cultural influence on Disney. The ride is currently closed. Let me talk about a little history and then we'll go and show you what they've done to Jessica Rabbit. It's kind of crazy. All right. In June 2nd, 1988, Roger Rabbit opened. It was a movie. Who framed Roger Rabbit? And when it opened up, it was explosive. People loved it. It was like this it was a huge cultural thing. People loved Roger Rabbit. They loved Jessica Rabbit. That uh Christopher Loy played Judge Doom. And it was it was a fun movie. It became it was huge. Everybody was going to see it. Adults liked it. Kids liked it. is a little irreverent. It was kind of fun. It was released under Touchstone banner which is owned by used to be owned by Disney and it's something they release and they didn't want quite associated with the Disney brand. So Touchstone it's famous because currently it's still one of the only pictures that happens to have Warner Brothers and Disney characters in it together. Bugs Bunny and Mickey Mouse, they actually cooperate in this movie. >> What's up, Doc? Jumping without a parachute. Kind of dangerous, ain't it? You could get killed. You guys got >> One of the main characters though is named Jessica Rabbit. And Jessica Rabbit's stick is that she is actually a good person, but she's very sultry and just this this bombshell. And that's her tagline is I'm not bad. I'm just drawn that way. >> I'm not bad. I'm just drawn that way. >> And how can you not love Jessica Rabbit? Roger Rabbit was so popular at the time that they ended up because of Roger Rabbit, that's what created Toontown. This whole idea of Toontown came from Roger Rabbit. They created this ride here, the Roger Rabbit cartoon spin. And it was the very first ever like moving car where you could spin it yourself ride. So like you have teacups that you spin, but that's like a little just like a teacups and you have like Mr. Toad's Wild Ride, but you can't spin it. This was the first ever attraction where you could spin your car as it's going through the attraction. Though it was super culturally relevant at the time, it's kind of lost favor with the crowd. People don't really know about Roger Rabbit anymore. They don't really talk about him. It's not really in part of the Disney lexicon anymore. In fact, most children who go ride this ride just think it's about a taxi cab rather than Roger Rabbit. So, Jessica Rabbit, we need to talk about her. In 2001, Disney announced that they're going to be updating and making the character of Jessica Rabbit more relevant. That's the word they use, relevant. They said they don't want her to be a damsel in distress anymore. They wanted her to save herself, which I think is kind of interesting cuz in the movie, she's I don't ever think of Jessica Rabbit as a damsel in distress. She gets in weird situations, but always manages to take care of it herself, it seems like. But what this ride happened, the original ride, Jessica Rabbit, the bad guys by the way, are the weasels. Jessica Rabbit was tied up by weasels and thrown in the trunk of the car. >> She's being kidnapped. >> That was seen as problematic. They didn't want Jessica Rabbit tied up in the trunk of a car. And then the other part that's problematic is her dress, her red dress. Some people I guess were saying it was too problematic. But what's interesting is of all the things that Disney's gone to update, this is one where it did there wasn't really any outcry. People weren't like clamoring like Jessica Rabbit get rid of her. Disney just did it on their own valition which is interesting. Most people and a lot of people to be honest with it seemed like most people kind of like the older version anyways. But that's either here or near here or there whatever. Anyways, so they ended up having to worry about Jessica Rabbit's dress because, you know, this is a tight sequin dress. So, what did they do? They made her a detective, a private investigator, and put her in a trench coat and a fedora. All right, it's still closed, but it's kind of a fun little detail. When they do close the ride down, they close the door, and what do you see in the door? The Roger Rabbit cutout. He's driving in the little taxi cab. All right. So, when the ride opens up, this is what we're going to be looking for. First, the most problematic scene was with the weasels threw Jessica in the trunk of a car. They removed Jessica completely from the scene and just put some barrels of dip where Jessica used to be. The second part is Jessica now is in a fedora and a trench coat, but you can kind of still see the remnants of her dress underneath the the trench coat. It's like they put the trench coat over to cover up her dress. So, how did Disney remedy this? What's her storytelling method? Well, storytelling method is the weasels are on a crime spree and Jessica Rabbit's had enough and enough and enough and she's throwing her hat in the ring and she's going to become the private detective that's going to help Roger Rabbit with these weasels, this crime wave. That's how Disney turned her into private eye. It even gets more complex with Roger Rabbit because the original creator of Roger Rabbit and all the Roger Rabbit characters, his name is Gary K. Wolf and he when he sold the rights to Roger Rabbit and Disney bought it, there was a clause in there saying if they don't do something in 35 years of those characters, it reverts back to Gary and he successfully sued and won that at the very end of 2025. So just a few months ago, he now reowns reowns he has the rights again to Roger Rabbit and all of his characters. And he stated he did state that he would like to make a Jessica Rabbit liveaction detective movie. Now this is where the story changes. This is what they did to add this extra extra Mickey's Toontown times. Extra extra Chesa Rabbit to become the newest private eye in Mickey's Toon Town. There's the fedora. There's her jacket. And citing the recent return of the tomb patrols weasels as the main driver behind the recent sharp rise in crime status throughout Mickey's Toontown, Jessica Rabbit has determined his past time for a herd of throw for door into the ring by starting her own private investigation service while tracking taking inspiration from longtime friend and legendary true detective Eddie Valiant. Jessica shows that she certainly means business. Jessica's fable acting career has made her one of the most recognized stars in the maroon cartoon family of performers. Now she is using her celebrity to speak out. Enough is enough, Jessica was heard exclaiming last week. The good tunes of our neighborhoods are afraid to come out at night and it's getting worse by the day. Those weasels are up to something big, but I am going to find out what it is and put a stop to it. Watch out weasels. Your reign of terror is over. And right there it says J Rabbit is ready to make a splash as a Toontown PI. Now that we've seen how Jessica Rabbit's become a detective, let's do a sidebyside comparison to show you how it's different from the original ride. All right, guys. Let's go in and see this new Jessica Rabbit. I'm a little sore today. If you watched yesterday's video, you saw me run the half marathon. I'm here today. I'm sore. My voice is gone a little bit cuz I've been was yelling and screaming in the marathon, the half marathon. But this is what's kind of crazy. This is the ink and paint club, right? And you Oh, see here comes Jessica right here. But you'll notice she has got a fedora hat on. I'm sure that's what you noticed, the fedora hat. >> I've wasted my time if you know where you can miss. So, she's still Jessica Rabbit, but now has a little fedora hat. She used to pass through the window with no fedora hat on her. This is how she used to look. You can see that Jessica Rabbit has no fedora hat. But now that Disney's decided to make her a private detective, she needs that fedora hat. And here she comes again with the fedora hat. Jessica Rabbit. All right, let's go this way. stay out. >> So, she's also a still a singer and a detective cuz this is her this is her uh changing room. Now, this is where the story changes. This is what they did to add this extra extra Mickey's two town times. >> So, that's the story. They turned her into PI. >> I don't know. I I guess it's always good to have improvements, but the whole point of Jessica Rabbit is that she's not bad. She was drawn that way. That's the whole gag. This whole stick. >> I'm not bad. I'm just drawn that way. >> And I don't think anybody was complaining about Jessica Rabbit. And Disney's like, "Well, we better not do that." I don't know. It's just interesting to me. All right. So, right there, that's >> disappointing. >> Here's the original version just to compare. >> You see Jessica Rabbits out there >> going through the ride. Heat. Heat. HEY, LET GO OF ME. I love this effect. I love it. >> All right. So, now the next part here, we're going to see Jessica Rabbit now again. She's covered in a new trench coat. He's going to put you out of contrition. >> And now the one to apprehend him is Jessica Rabbit. You're right here. >> Again, just for comparison, here's how it used to look with Jessica Rabbit in her red dress. And you look very carefully, you can see her hem of her dress poking out from her coat. portable. >> Portable hole. >> What do you guys think? I'm going to go write it. I'm going to write it again. What do you guys think? Do you think Put it in the comments down below. >> Do you like it better? Do you not care? Or do you think it's worse? My wife Amanda, she doesn't really get upset by a lot of things, but this is one of them. It kind of bothers her cuz she really likes the Jessica Rabbit character. She thought she was great. And the fact that they changed her now to make her a detective, Amanda's like, "That's not the point of Jessica Rabbit. If she had always been in detective with private eye, then yeah, great. But she was this sultry singer nightclub, you know. So, I'm curious what you guys think about it. Do you think the change is good? I think most people don't even know the change happened. All right, guys. I'm going to ride it one more time and kind of talk about it cuz it's it's a fun attraction and it's interesting to me that this is what Disney chose to change. So you go in here, there's Roger Rabbit and the weasels, of course, with the dip. I'm >> there. There she is. And now she's no longer in the trunk. She's just standing there helping. >> I guess she's trying to help Roger Rabbit. This is a really fun pun. This is a bowl in a china shop called Bolina Chin Shop. We're going to go right out here into Spin Alley and it's all craziness cuz we are in Toontown. We're going to go enter into the powerhouse and danger high voltage. That's a little foreshadowing about what we're going to see as we enter into the high voltage area. This doesn't really follow the plot of the movie. So, I guess that's probably why it's okay to have the Jessica Rabbit changed because this ride doesn't really follow the movie either. So, got that. And it's kind of weird to me that they have him get a LITTLE >> but they do. Now, we're going to go down here. To be honest with you, I'm not sure what happened. And you got electrocuted it. Then it blew up. Now we're going. I I do like this part here, though. Now, if you look backwards, you can see the moon. I love that little moon guy. This is like an MC Cheres house. Roger Standing craziness cartoon. And now we're in the gag warehouse. Now, this gag warehouse was shown in the movie and that song was played by Eddie Valent. You hear right there you >> the weasel. And now we're going here. Jessica Rabbit was in her red dress right here and she looks so good. Now they have her like this. >> And yeah, >> I don't know. Jessica Rabbit, that's the whole point. She's supposed to kind of like a bombshell and goodlooking and sexy >> and she's not ashamed of it. She's like, I'm not bad. I'm just drawn that way. And that's who she was. But here we go. And that's the second time you see Roger Rabbit. You see him at the very beginning. You see it says Benny in the movie. They Roger Rabbit. They get in a taxi cab called Benny and this is his cousin Lenny for the ride. All of them are named Lenny. Now, there are only two places that you see the Roger Rabbit cartoon spin here and Tokyo Disney. Now, Tokyo Disney is mostly owned, the majority by it's called the Oriental Land Company. They call them the OLC and they're the final decision maker of Tokyo Disney. They didn't ever change the Roger Rabbit like Disney did. They also didn't change Tiana's Bayou. And a lot of people are like, excuse me, like, oh, that's cuz I like go woke, go broke. They're talking about like that and they say that Japan doesn't really care. That's not really true. What it is is the OLC company has this they're just businessoriented, right? And they do a cost analysis benefit of like if we change this ride, is it going to increase ticket sales? If not, don't do it. And the consensus is changing Jessica Rabbit into a private investigator is not going to increase ticket sales in any way, shape, or form. So, uh, they haven't changed it. So, in the Japanese version, you can still see Jessica Rabbit as she originally was, which I can show you now. Amanda loves this. So, Amanda absolutely loves this. My wife Amanda really likes Jessica Rabbit a lot. And at Disneyland, what do they do? They put her in a trench coat and made her like a detective. And that really bother Amanda's like, "That's not who she is. She's Jessica Rabbit." Well, here in Japan, she's still Jessica Rabbit. Still's in the in the sequin dress and still the way she was in the movie and uh not like she is in California. And Mana likes this version better. I What's your opinion on that? What's interesting, I do know this about the one in California, they did change that. There wasn't complaints. They were Disney was worried they would receive complaints. They ended up preemptively changing it. But here in Tokyo, they're like, "No, that's Jessica Rabbit. We're keeping her." >> Let's Let's ride it. It's going to be a while, but let's do it. Of course, a lot of the jokes here are in English. What a pain window washers. I pick a locksmith. If you look on the floor, you see the tire marks. They ran right through. Please, Jessica. They have license plates. Zippity Duda, Fantasy, Little Mermaid, Captain Hook, 101 Dalmatian, Aris, Aristocat, Three Little Pigs. That must be Alice Wonderland. Late Wonderlands Wendy Wendy and Peter Mr. Toad >> loading only do not block and it's blocked. We're coming up to the Inc and Paint Club. You'll see the first thing here of Jessica that they do not have in California anymore. There goes Jessica. She's walking by. They have removed that from uh Disneyland. I really like this. Can you see like the lights in the window? They kind of make like the eyes. >> Here comes Jessica again. Where's Jessica Rabbit's dressing room? >> There's Jessica Rabbit talking, but I don't know what she's talking about. So, in Disneyland, there's a poster right there on the wall. In the poster, it says Jessica Rabbit's been promoted to detective in Toontown. Then when you ride the ride, you see that she is she's got a trench coat on and like a yellow hat and she's now a detective. >> There's baby Herman, the little baby, but he's not a baby. He's a man that looks like a baby. >> All right. So, in the movie, Justin Rabbit's never a detective. Not at all. And I don't really think that's a problem because uh in only let's be honest only maybe Gen Xers and a few small handful of millennials have seen the movie Roger Rabbit. When it first came out it was super popular but most people haven't seen it so they wouldn't know that she was never detective. So really I don't know if it matters. If you look at the fence here you can actually see a sneak preview of the ride. If you've seen Roger Rabbit put in the comments below. >> All right we're about ready to board here. Here it comes by his taxi. Let's get in. >> All right. That's the thing that Mandanda says about Jessica. She's like, cuz in the movie she says, "I'm not bad. I'm just drawn that way." And she goes, "That's the whole point of Jessica. She's a good person and you don't judge her." So, I don't know. What do you guys think? I want to hear your opinions on it. >> Here we go. She's being kidnapped. >> They don't have that in Disneyland. They have her outside the trunk in a detective outfit. Bolina china shop. Wishing apples. Little Snow White action there. How about this little corner? Here we go in the gag warehouse. Oh man. Whoopy cushions. Yeah. There she is. >> They don't have that in Disneyland. And there you have it. That's the end. Bud, Dan, RD, and Kent. Now, in Disneyland, it says Lenny, Lenny, Lenny, and Benny. As you exit out, it says, "Gone fishing, the biggest boss." I love that. What is your opinion? Do you think that Dizzy was right to get rid of Jessica Rabbit like that and change you around? Amanda is adamantly no on that. I'm curious what you guys' opinions are. Just Yeah. No right or wrong answers. Just curious. Let's continue on the tour. >> Does Jessica Rabbit have her own lingerie magazine? Stay tuned to find out. What? Okay, so I found this video clip I did about 6 years ago and I talked about how Jessica Rabbit has her own lingerie magazine called Jessica's Secret instead of Victoria's Secret. And the magazine was located in Minnie's house. Now, that's since been removed. It's completely gone, but I think it's another cool thing that Disney used to have, but it's now been removed. Let's take a look at it. Fun little fact inside Minnie's Mouse's house is they have Jessica's Secret magazine. Instead of Victoria's Secret, it's Jessica's Secret. And she's selling lingerie. And the phone number is 1800 Va Voom. Yep, that's right. They used to have that little magazine right there on the armchair of Minnie's little the armrest of arm chair right there. Yep. Just right there. All for plain to see. It's gone now, but it was such a funny little gag. I don't think anybody even complained about it, but Disney felt like they should get rid of it, and it is now gone. Hey guys, thank you so much for watching these videos. I have a small ask. If you like it or smile or thought somewhat entertaining, could you just hit the subscribe button? It's free. You can just subscribe to as many channels as you want. >> What that really does, it just gives me motivation when I see that number get higher. I'm like, "Oh my gosh, people like these videos. Keep doing them." So, if you really want to be generous, hit the subscribe button. If you don't mind, you could also hit the like button. It's another way to be to um uh to to show your appreciation. Making comments is another way or sharing the video. It really helps the algorithm so people can pick up the videos and I think they're worthwhile. I think they're fun and I like them like other people see them. But I want to say just take a quick little moment if I can find a spot to talk to you. Hang on. All right. I think I found a little spot over here. I'm going to kind of lean against this fence to be able to talk to you guys for just a second. Oh man, I ran that half marathon yesterday and boy howdy are my legs and glutes sore, retired. So anyways, I want to talk to you real quickly and I am talking to just you right now. I want you to know that you matter. You make the world a better place. Did you know that? And you might think I don't. You do. You make the world a better place and I appreciate the effort that you put into it. I know that you might feel underappreciated. You might be going through a little depression. You might be in a bad relationship. You might be just struggling with your own self-worth. Don't forget how amazing you are cuz you make the world a better place. And I am talking to you. All right, guys. Well, I'll see you in the next video. Hit the like and subscribe and uh I'll talk to you in the next video. Bye-bye, everybody. Jessica. Jessica, what have they done? They made you a private detective. You are chasing the weasels and making sure Toontown is safe. And I just want to tell all of our Patreon members, thank you so much. We couldn't do these videos without your support. You are absolutely amazing and we appreciate you. And if you want to become a if you want to become a a Patreon member, click the link down below. You will not regret it. You get cool behind the scenes stuff.
