---
video_id: 1tsSMgrHT-s
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Disney California Adventure A Land-by-Land Guide 2026"
published: 2026-01-27
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tsSMgrHT-s
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris with your park pass and today I'm going to do a complete full tour walking tour of Disney California Adventure DCA in 2026. Let's do it. Here we are as you enter into Disney California Adventure. This is Bu Vista Street. And right here it's sent in 1926 1927. You have Oswald over here. Oswald was one of Walt's first creations. And uh I have to show you Oswald. I have to show one of my favorite things about this. This is like a little gas station. And as you walk in, you see this little gas station here. Got this nice little packer car over here as well. It's beautiful to take a look at. But remember this is a gas station. So as you come in and you look up here, you look at the clock. What do you notice about the clock? They have keep readjusting the time and their fingers have grease on it. So all this grease on the clock. I love that. All right, let's continue on. Disney California really opened up to a rough start. We'll get into that. That billboard there that tells the history of Walt. You can see it says California Limited. Uh it started in Chicago, Kansas City, Los Angeles. Hi, how are you? That was Walt's trajectory. He went to all those cities, ended up in Los Angeles. As you walk down Buenav Vista Street, you're going to see this is all going through a time traveling. Now, we're as we get to this point right here across this line, we're out in 1928. Walking down here, you have Mortimers over there. Mortimers was named after Mickey's enemy, Mortimer. Interesting enough though is that was his original name for Mickey Mouse. It was Mortimer Mouse. But Walt's wife, Lily, she didn't like it. She she suggested something different. So we changed it to Mickey Mouse and they saved the name Mortimer for the bad guy. Over here it says Elias and Company. Elias, of course, is Walt's father's name and also his middle name. Elias. Over here we got Trolley Candy Treats. And hi, how are you? All right, continuing on. Right over here we have Elias and Co. Of course, that's for, you know, Walt Disney's father and is also, like I said, his middle name. This here is Carthage Circle. This is where they had a premiere, a famous movie theater where they premiered Seven Dwarfs. Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, excuse me. And this land when Disney Comey Adventure opened originally, wow, it really went through some hard times. In fact, the reason it went through such a really hard time is because of the annual passholders. I'll get to that in just a moment. We're going to turn down here and head into the Hollywood Land area. So, of course, this will be based off of Hollywood, all the movies that were being made and whatnot for Walt Disney. They have the Hyperion Theaters comes up. They still currently have the tracks, but the red trolley car no longer runs, but the tracks are still here. I don't know if they'll ever get rid of those or not. We're walking down here to the right side for if you ever come here, you have little kids. Hi, how are you? >> All right, so this here is the Mickey Mouse Junior Clubhouse live. It's like a little Think of this like I hate to say it, but it's like a little rave party for kids with Mickey Mouse. It's so fun. Right over here, we have the award wieners. This always makes people kind of laugh when they say it. Hot dogs. But they're fantastic. Mickey's Field Hor Magic is right in there. That's a little show. Cool down on the hot days. Over here we've got Off the Page. Fantastic store. This is where all the creatures are coming to life. And one of the things I love about this is Aurora Brier Rose, Sleeping Beauty, is in her blue dress. Disney generally has her in the pink. We're going to walk down this way. I You know, Disney just released their Tron Aries and of course at the time it was Halloween so they didn't they couldn't do it. But when they released Tron Legacy, was it 10 years ago or 15 years ago? They had this whole thing. They turned this whole area into what's called Electronica. In my mind, that's the best after hours thing that Disney's ever done. And I was really hoping they were going to redo that again when Tron Aries came out, but it debuted during um OogieOogie Boogie Bash, so they weren't able to do it. And so maybe a little sacks. I really would like that. Coming up ahead, we've got Monsters Inc., a fantastic attraction. It's Mike and Sullie to the Rescue. Now, it was really wasn't very popular. Then they did Monsters at Work on Disney Plus. They kind of breathed new life into it, and it's been very popular since that came out, which I love to see that. I Soie is like one of my favorite characters. I just always want to run into Soie face first and just give him a huge massive hug. I love it. >> Here is the ice cold refreshments. And right down here is we're in turn take us back into the Hollywood area. So when they were re when they were building Disney California Adventure, the anticipation for this park was so high. Michael Eisner actually said that they thought there'd be days it would reach capacity and people wouldn't be able to get in and the hype for it was just at the peak. It was people are so excited for it. They ended up opening it up early for annual passholders. Back then they call, now it's called Magic Keys, but back then they're called annual passport fort holders, passholders. And they let the annual pass holders have a sneak preview of Disney Cuff Adventure. Didn't go so well. Hang on. I'm going to turn the camera around. Right here we have the Hyperion Theater. You see this right here? Walt Disney Prince Fantasia. Oh, don't want to get in people's pictures. And so the when they built it, there weren't a lot of attractions. There was a lot of shopping, mostly shopping and restaurants. And so the annual passholders came in and this is really before social media. This is in 2001. And they people the word got out. They're like there's not a lot to do. And back then there wasn't park hopping. You bought a ticket to Disney California Adventure, you had to stay here. They still have that ticket. No park hopping ticket, but most people nowadays get park hopping. If you look right up here, I did a whole video on this. That light never turns off. That's an homage to Walt Disney's office. Anyways, word got out that there wasn't enough to do. It wasn't enough attractions. And they actually even had an area where it was just for farming. They had like tractors for kids to play in tractors. And because of that, when it did open, it was a disaster. Disney California Adventure. Hardly anybody was attending. This is, of course, Guardians Mission Breakout. This is taking us into Avengers Campus. Now, Avengers Campus, before it's Avengers Campus, it was Bugs Land. And before Bugs Land, it was a farming area, like tractors for kids to climb on. And after they turned that tractors area, they kind of tore that down and turned it into Bugs Land, it was very successful. Very, very successful. People really liked Bugs Land. And that really kind of paved way for these themed lands like Cars Land, Frozen Land, Avengers Campus. Bugs Orlando was really the first to do it off of a IP. Moving around here, you can see there's a Quinnip Quinn Jet up there. There's actually only two of those built. The other one is in Disneyland Paris. They have Avengers Campus and they also have that Quinjet. They were built in Paris, by the way. And they shipped this one here when was built. Avengers vault. Pins test kitchen and webs slingers fun attraction trying to get high score. It's fun to go with your friends. Now they are getting ready. They're expanding Adventures Campus is going to see over here is expanding. They're going to be having a new attractions over there because of this this this way. You used to be able to walk this way into Cars Land, but you can't do that. So, we're just going to kind of walk in here. See, this is the Doctor Strange. Was it Santorum? I believe they do have like a little some character meet and greets. >> And so, >> thank you. >> Coming this way here. >> They've got this here. This is all for kind of like the mystical arts of Doctor Strange. Right behind me are the bathrooms, of course. And then Schwarma. Schwarma became very popular after the first Avengers movie cuz Tony Stark says he wanted to try Schwarma. Never had it. Right here we have the webs slingers. >> And then over here we've got sometimes Webslinger Supplies. >> And going this way, we're going to exit out of Avengers Campus and take us back onto the main area. That'll take us into Cars Land. This is where we're going to have to going. Oh, a little spiderbot. Walking around. Fun toys. So this is the exiting out of Avengers Campus. One thing I think Avengers Campus does incredibly well is that they just say it's like a portal of time. So they don't they're not really worried about time constraints. You can have Iron Man and Captain America and Loki and Moonnight and all these characters. Even though in movies their timelines have varied, I wish that Disney would do that in the Star Wars lands. Um and not worry so much about the timeline, the sacred timeline. Just let us have all the characters, the Star Wars characters walking around. We don't care. Nobody cares. Here, I think the way you can prove that here in adven campus, people don't care. They just want to see their characters. They just want to see their characters. >> So, I'm just trying to walk around. Just walk and talk. Everybody do. Oh my god. IT'S THE MAGIC JOURNEY. >> OH MY GOSH. >> They're reviewing food. They're talking about food. What food did you try today? >> Oh my gosh. We tried so much. >> Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. No, don't tell them. >> Don't tell them. If you want to see, go check out their YouTube channel, Nighting Journeys. It's one of the most lovely couples ever. Amazing. We love you, Chris. Amazing. So, we was I saw HIM. I WAS LIKE, >> LET ME JUST SAY that Chris is such an awesome guy. >> And he always finds a way to make us all laugh. >> Always. >> No, I I try. So, all right. We'll let them go on. Keep going. Go check out Magic Journeys. Best food reviews of all. Dizzy everywhere. >> A You're so great, Chris. >> All right, we'll continue on. That was very nice. It's always good to run to your friends and uh reminisce. Continue on here in Disney California Adventure DCA. We're going to go into Cars Land. Cars Land is could be the best theme land of all Disney parks. There's one other uh in Shanghai. They have Zootopia. Zootopia. It has a the same level detail as Cars Land does, but Zootopia is smaller and Cars Land is much bigger. And I I really really love Cars Land. The thing about Cars Land is it's fun during the daytime, but at night time, like right now, boy howdy does it just pop. Little tomato over there. A junkyard jamboree. There was actually six songs for that and Larry the cable guy when he was recording the one song he forgot the words and so as the song was going he just went dag gum dag gum dagg gum dag gum and they liked that song so much that they actually kept it so every once you get the dag gum song sergeant's surplus hut I like to go in here cuz particularly in the evening they have a map little model map of Cars Land And and so there it is. You see the lights turn on. So they don't have right here in the map. They This is Tomato's his little toe junkyard. They don't have that here. And they don't have this either, but it starts right there at Fillmore. And then right across from Filmore, right here is where the Tomter uh tractor pole is. So, so fun to kind of look at this map and it lights up at night time. All right. I think it might even be on during daytime, but you can't really see it. Exiting out. The thing that makes this land so good, I think, is also the music, the atmosphere, the ambiance. It's just feels like you're in a different land. It's fantastic. Cozy Cone Motel. Walking along down here and you're going to see this amazing backdrop. It's the Cadillac Ranch tail fin mountain. It's got six years of different Cadillac fins on it. Floss V8 cafe. These are spark plugs across the top. Now, I'm not much of a mechanic. Really, I don't know anything about it. Car engines, but I've been told that those that's the order you see how they're firing. That's the order that though you actually would fire in a V8. This is a V8 engine. You got Curiosa del Tires Ramon's walking back here. This is an area for me that I personally love. I like to when my friends are and I when we hang out in the sometimes we'll come here and just kind of goof around and right there we like to sit in the back. Wow, that looks so good. We like to sit in the back in the evening right there. This is an amazing view of Radius Racers. This is a mountain top and it looks so good back there. Those are the Cadillac fins. During OogieOogie Boogie Bash, they lighted up purple and lime. I like this view much better. Back here to Flo's VA cafe. In the evenings, my friends and I would sit right along this wall and just order a little bit of food and just sit there and kind of laugh and tell stories and, you know, ribbon raz each other. >> It's never very crowded in the evening over there. Seems like this is really, really cool. It just the sounds, all of it just makes up for a fantastic area. Now, we're going to go through this little archway. Del looks like Delica Arch that's located in Utah. And we're walking to San Francisco. San Francisco is based off a Marvel comic Big Hero 6. They made it into a movie and really is the story of San Francisco. How in 1906 they had a huge earthquake and Japan came over and helped rebuild San Francisco and turned it into San Francisco in the comic. And that's why it's called San Francisco. Really good food over here actually. Right over here, you got the Lucky Fortune cookery. I love noodles. You get some really good noodles there. And you got the Goina Kugamonga Mexican Grill right over there. That's the most popular restaurant here in San Francisco Tokyo. It's the largest and most popular. And you got Ant Cass Cafe like bread bowls and those you know soups, chowder, macaroni, cheese. And then we are going to walk across the San Francisco bridge to announce the San Francisco Tokyo. So when Disney California Adventure first opened, it was all based off landmarks in Disney, I'm sorry, in California. Of course, this was based off the San Francisco Bridge. So it was actually a nice little transition. They transitioned to the San Francisco Bridge. I do lots of secrets revealed where I talk about cool secrets and this is the one that somebody was like was arguing in the comments like you don't know what you're talking about. I was like okay but if you stand on this bridge and you wait oh every couple seconds you get a 2.1 earthquake. I actually did just shaking it rumbles. It feels like Feels like a truck is driving by. It kind of a slight little vibration there because of earthquakes in California. And some guy was like, "That's not true. That's not true. That's just foot traffic." I actually do know it's true because Imagineer who helped design that told me that we're going to go right up here. I'm going turn cuz here they have Joffrey's Coffee, which is all they sell in Walt Disney World. Joffrey's coffee. But here in California, it's mostly Starbucks. >> We're turning this way >> going into Pixar Pier. Wow. I hope that's really translating well. The look of the sky, the beauty of it. Looks very pretty. Pixar Pier rethe themed in 2019. It's Paradise Pier and now it's Pixar Pier. It's based off of all the different things from Pixar, of course. As you walk in, you have the Lamp Light Lounge to the right and Knickknacks, which is a short Pixar film to the left. If you look up, you have an awning that covers Rarity, but there's also a bunch of their characters are in the iron work. You could take your time and go through and see all the different Pixar characters in the iron work up above. Walking along here. This is going to take you into Pixar Pier proper. Now on the left hand side you have the adorable snowman. Frosted treats. They're yellow. It's like No, no, no, no, no. It's lemon. I like that they went with that joke. Coming down here, >> you can see these different little billboards. These were when it was just a pier. It's like, you know, for like suntan lotion and things like that. Now they're for different Pixar movies. Coming down here, you have the Incredible Coaster. It's not currently operating. And you have the Mickey, the Pixar palaround, their Mickey fun wheel. A lot of people call it the will of death. Brings lots of good memories to me. So, you know, the thing about these types of videos is that I like it when I can just talk about different Hi, how are you? Hi, guys. >> Happy New Year. Anyways, I just kind of saying sometimes I don't know what to I like to have a topic and talking about topic when I'm just kind of walking around meandering. Sometimes it makes you a little uncomfortable. I don't really know why. This is the Incredic Coaster looks fantastic. And uh and you know sometimes people I don't know if you saw that people sometimes they'll yell and stop and want to get a photo or say hi or whatever. Does that bother me? Not at all. I fact if somebody wants to stop and say hi to me that's great. I don't mind at all. I enjoy it. Continuing down here to one of my favorite attractions, Midway Mania. Now, this year in 2026, my goal is to do I have not done a secrets revealed on this attraction cuz in order to do Secrets Revealed, I have to film the attraction, talk about it. But this one, you have to film you have to have somebody you have to have two people shooting to because to activate some of the secrets, you have to have two people shoot at the same time. But I actually been talking to some contacts here and they said they're going to help me, the people who work here and cast member and marketing to allow me to write a few times to get the right shot so I can do the secrets reveal the midweight mania how to get high score. There's Mr. Potato Head right there. This is the love it. >> You can get a really high score right now in Midway Media because they have uh some special targets that are worth like 7,000 points. And right over here you have the Luna Games and the Boardwalk Games. >> This is the Angry Dog. I actually like the Angry Dog. Feeling a little bit pecky, so maybe I should get one. I'm going to keep walking. Anyways, when Disney California first opened, this is like the pier and they have boardwalk games cuz we go to a pier and this ocean, a lot of them have these boardwalk games. When that first happened, a lot of people were very upset by that. They're like, "Oh my gosh." Cuz you have to pay to play those games. It reminded people of Not Berry Farm. Not very farm has boardwalk games. They had to pay to play. And people are like, "That's not Disney would never charge extra for entertainment." Of course, keep in mind this is 2001. People, it left people with a weird taste in their mouth. They felt like that was un Disney. There's Rex. big sar pal around. >> Okay, we're walking down here past Bing Bong Sweet Stuff. And of course, Disney's changed a lot of things out. A lot of things are more paytoplay, but at the time it was very shocking for Disney to do something like that. They're currently re updating the paint. Hi, how are you? Good. So, I want to show one of my favorite things here. I've showed this in another secret reveal, but this is a shower. Why is a shower here? Because it used to be a pier and what you do is you come to shower and you wash off the sand. They just kind of left as an old homage how the park used to be. So, they are repainting or redoing the emotional whirlwind. I wonder if they're going to be adding like new characters like anxiety maybe or embarrassment. So, Getting the new the new Inside Out emotional whirlwind. >> We're walking down here. This is going to take us into a great little area. Very overlooked area of Disney California Adventure. This is a great area for food. I'll show you. I bet there's hardly anybody in here. But coming down here, they also have these attractions. They have the Silly Symphony swings. And right past that, they have like the Golden Sephurer. They have Goofy's Flight School. Fun little nice little area. But I'm going to come back here because this this area right back here, they have a lot. There's some restaurants down here. They're really not visited as much. Usually not crowded. Now, of course, when I go in here, it's probably going to be jam-packed, and you're like, "Chris, you liar." But usually come here, good food, pasta, salads, but it's not too busy. So, pizza and pasta. We're going to walk right in. I'm just going to show you. Walk right in. And see, it's not it's never very crowded down here. The food's very good. See, got pizza, some drinks, the salad's down there, pizza here, and the pizza is very good. The food in here I feel is really it's excellent food and it just I feel like it's overlooked. Not a lot of people come down here, but it's some of the best food and there's hardly any weight. Pizza. Pizza. Pizza. And then down here they have pasta. Different types of pasta. I realized that >> now right after >> I've been told multiple times that people people tell me all the time that the best one is the Was it the creamy marinara? No, the forest. Which one's the best one? >> This is the creamy four cheese. >> The creamy four cheese. Yeah, the creamy four cheese. That's That's the win. You You won't go wrong with that. But the spaghetti is also fantastic. Now I'm kind of I'm feeling hungry now. I want this. But I'm going to keep going. Anyways, exiting out. This is a great place to get some food. Um, and also nice thing about it, there's lots of tables outside. So, once you grab your food, you can just come to find a little table and sit down and uh enjoy your food. Interesting fact about uh Silly Symphony Swings, it was the only attraction that had Mickey Mouse on it before meeting Mickey's Runaway Railway. He's at the very top. Let me see if I can zoom in on that. >> Oh, hang on. Hang on. All right, here we go. Zoom in. >> There is Mickey. Took me a second to do that. We got it. All right, continue on. Now, right next to it, this is the Jellyfish Jumpers. A little little cute ride where it drops take you up. It drops you down. Good little attraction for kids to get their thrill on. Nothing too crazy. There are some hidden Mickeys in the bubbles, by the way, if you ever want to take your time to look at that. And then straight over here, we have Goofy's Sky School. This is a terrifying attraction. It is like a wild mouse. It feels like you're going to fly off the tracks. Fun attraction. from Goofy's Flight School and uh has some abrupt stops in it just so you'd be aware of that. Moving down here, >> I will say that we're going to come to this place that they have they sell um right here, this corn dog castle. They sell corn dogs but just made it's just cheese and my wife's a vegetarian and she loves it. That's one of her favorite little treats to get. Just um cheese dog. >> This is the golden zephr. One of a fun little attraction. You go around in a circle and just kind of enjoy it. First time they word zephyr was ever used. It's attributed to Shakespeare in the play was it symboline I think. And he it says a zephr just means a pleasurable ble breeze. Walking down here. We're going to pass Little Mermaid attraction. Fun attraction. It's an omni mover much like the Haunted Mansion. So you always the line goes by very fast. So, >> it's a fun little attraction. >> Then, if you look at the top up there, you see a trident statue. That statue was in Disneyland. It's in uh where the Fairy Grove is now in by Tomorrowland. Enter in. He was there. They repurposed him. Water used to shoot out the top of his trident and now he's here. repurposed. That's Disney for you. >> Anyways, I think we're talking about the history of Disney California Adventure. So, it really opened to a really rough start. Some days the park didn't even get 5,000 guests. It was empty. People didn't want to pay for it. um they come they would go to Disneyland, but they didn't want to buy a ticket and come over here and then be stuck over here with hardly any attractions to do. Disney California Adventure has gone through lots of revisions and improvements over the years and now it's become very popular. It's a fantastic park. I really like it. Yeah, you could keep going straight down that way to uh one of us street, but I'm going to turn this way over here. >> This is going to take us to uh >> Grizzly G. Not say Grizzly Gulch. We're going to go down in here and by the what? The Redwood Forest, >> the Grizzly Airfield. >> Grizzly Gulch is located in Hong Kong. I got a little brain rewiring there for a second. Set the wrong the wrong name. Now, normally my favorite is is to go to the right here. Uh if you go to the left, you can see the Adventure Land, the Redwood Trail. That's where most people go that way, but you Oh, you can't. You have to go that way. They have it blocked off. That's our favorite way to go. We're going to go right through here. We're going to keep going on. >> This will take us by the Redwood Creek Trail. If you have little ones, it's really fun for them to to go in there. They can run around. Kids have a good time. going on there. >> I remember one time our son was playing in there and I was like, he was playing some kids. I'm like, "Don't leave." And he's like, "Yeah." And then the kids left and he was very little and he followed the kids out. Um, and he went down this way and I was I didn't see him and so and I did not see him. And so our son was down this way. Luckily, one of my friends, DJ Boba, was walking the other way and he's like, "Miles, what are you doing?" He grabbed Miles and Miles is very little and I couldn't find him. And then uh they brought him DJ Bob's like he called me. He's like, "Hey, I got Miles." I was like, "Where are you?" And I was in pure panic. Of course, that only took about 2 minutes. You can see this. It's all dry. They're working on the grizzly river rapids. Scared the heck out of me, but >> it turned out okay. Russian River. Nice little store. There's actually a lot of cool history in that store. They have lockers over here. You might be thinking, why do they have lockers? That was for if you're going to ride the Grizzly River Rapid. You could put your stuff in there so it doesn't get wet. Here we go. And then come down here. They have a little homage to the Country Bear Jamboree. Country Bear Jamberee is currently located in Florida and Tokyo. But this is Big Al. And Big Al was in that show. And they have a little little statue of him. And even on his guitar, it says Big Al. >> This is the entrance into the Cal Grand Californiaiforn Hotel and walk down this way. So, if you stay in the Grand California, you have your own private entrance into the park. Disney California Adventure Park. That is This is a little area down here where it's a landing field. It's an airfield and planes have landed here and not real not real but it's what it's the theming is of course they've got this new soorn over California or sorn around the world. It's going to be so over America starting in I believe May Grizzly Pleak airfield. Sometimes Pluto will stand right out here in front of this area. That's some popcorn. >> Look at beautiful trees. >> The lamps. >> I want to be able to restrooms. Long time ago, I did a video like the top five restrooms at Disneyland. Actually had the head of custodial came with me and took me on a tour of all the bathrooms to talk about them and which ones are the best. I should do that for a Disney California adventure. I have not done that here. Talk about like which ones are the most crowded, which ones welcome campers. >> This is nice little area here. I'll be right back. >> This is the smoke jumpers test the smoke jumpers grill. It was originally called the uh test pilot cafe. Had a plane coming through here. They changed it to smoke jumpers grill. Really good breakfast. Um some of the best breakfasts I've had is really from there. It's interesting because you get the they have this breakfast burrito. doesn't to be honest with you it doesn't look like it's not like should we say Instagram worthy but boy howdy tastewise some of the best I've ever had. That's kind of a light walking tour of Disney California Adventure. Coming back here to Buenav Vista Street. And now I need to find a spot where I can talk to you guys. I think I found a spot. See if I like to sit down to do this. So, let me sit down and get comfortable. Hey, I just want to take talk to you briefly for a real quick second and talk about you. I am talking to you. I want you to know that you matter and you make the world a better place. You do. And if you're struggling right now, maybe it's a little sadness or depression, grief, or maybe you feel inadequate, or maybe you feel like you aren't being appreciated, I want you to know those feelings don't last when you're going through it. It feels like it's going to last forever, doesn't it? We all know that. But it doesn't. It comes and goes. Eventually, good things will happen. The world's better because you are in it. You make the world a better place. And I mean that. I really do. So, hope you guys enjoy this video. So, if you if you did, hit the like button and hit subscribe. Got more stuff coming out. I want you to know how important you are. I got to get some food. I was literally in line at the Smoke Jumpers Grill. Then I was like, I don't really want Smoke Jumpers Grill. I was like, why don't I? Then I was like, I got to walk back to that pizza place that was telling you how good it is. So, that's what I'm going to do. But I figured since I'm going to walk back there and get some food, this give me a chance to talk to you and just ask you how you're doing for me to do a little wellness checkup on you and see how things are going for you. I hope that 2026 is going to be your best year. I think it is. You're going to Some of us are going to have disappointments this year and some of us are going to have great successes, but that doesn't define who we are. You may are amazing and you're going to have a good year and uh it's going to be good. I know that uh some of you are planning trips to Disney and getting excited to come down here and enjoy it and it's going to be fun. Don't forget the whole point of the Disney trip is just to create memories. It's about creating memories. And also, if you are thinking about coming down here, but you don't have tickets, you want really cheap tickets, call 1855 Getaway and tell them Park Pass sent you. call, I'm sorry, 1855 Getaway and say, "Hey, Park Pass sent me." And then that will unlock a secret menu where they'll tell you about all the hotels that have like a free night when you come down to Disney. Um, and also they have the lowest prices on their tickets for Disney. Even if you go to disney.com to buy their tickets, it's more expensive. Save yourself the money. I'm just trying to tell you it's the lowest prices on tickets. It's what I do. And then you can also get um they also do Walt Disney World if you want to do that as well. So, I'm gonna go down to this pizza place and get some uh amazing food, be able to share that with you guys. You guys see that? And um yeah, it's good to be able to make some videos and talk with you guys. I feel like we're off to a rough start, but it's going to be a good year for all of us. I'm a complete knucklehead. I changed my mind again. I decided, you know what? I'm going to go into Disneyland and get some food over there. Let's go to Disneyland. Get some food over there. All right, back in Disneyland. Disneyland. Disneyland. Let's say get some food. There's a special feeling to both these parks. I I do have to say I really do enjoy Disney California Adventure. I think it's an amazing theme park now and I think they're just adding more and more to it and it's always getting better and I enjoy it. Disneyland is just special though. It's just special. So special. Just you get it has a different feeling. I've been to every theme park around the world and this one has a little bit of a different feeling. I think it's because it's where Walt walked and cast members know that and they just and I think the people know that. Not just cast members, the patrons, people come to it and there's just a little bit of different feeling. This doesn't make sense. I don't know. Sorry. I don't know what I'm saying. I haven't really eaten a lot today. I'm hungry. Maybe a little bit grumpy. I'm not sure. I got a little hamburger. There's some French fries and Coke Zero. I'm done eating. I hope you have a pleasant night or a wonderful evening or good morning wherever you are. I'll see you next video. Talk to you later. Bye-bye.
