---
video_id: Vsc_oPr9ttE
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "I Tried Universal Studios NEWEST Offering It Didn't Go As Planned. PLUS  My NEXT BIG Announcement"
published: 2026-03-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vsc_oPr9ttE
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris. I am at Universal Studios Hollywood. Be doing a lot of good Hollywood videos. Universal Studios Hollywood videos next little bit because Butterbeerfest is starting today. Butterbeer Fest. What is Butterbeer Fest? I'm going show you everything you need to know. Got brand new offerings for Butterbeer treats. You Harry Potter fans, you're going to love us. Let's do this. Now, the first thing I have to do is I had to buy a ticket cuz I don't have a ticket to go to Univers. I had an annual pass, but it expired. I got to get a new one. All right. All right, I'm waiting in line. I bought my ticket. I'm about to enter in. We're going to go do the butterbeer experience here at Universal Studios, guys. All right, guys. We are in here at Universal Studios Hollywood, and I'm here for the Butterbeer Fest. And you might be asking, what is this Butterbeer Fest? They have a whole bunch of brand new butterbeer items and butterbeer merch, and goes on from March 1st till May 31st, the butterbeer festival. So, that's what we're going to go check out. Now, don't do what I did. I made a huge mistake. I my I have an annual pass. I had an annual pass and it expired and I didn't realize it was expired until I got down here. So, then I had to buy a ticket at the gate. If I would have bought my tickets through Getaway Today, I could have got adults at kids prices and save some money. So, if you're thinking about coming down Studios right now, they have a special going on adults at kids prices. You can call 1855 Getaway. 1855 getaway or click the link down below. This offer expires though on March 5th of 2026, but it's been so popular there's a chance that it might be extended. So, if you're watching this past March uh 5th, go ahead and check and see get but you still get adults at kids prices for Universal Studios. And also, they they if you bundle your hotel and tickets, you save even more money with Getaway Today. And they also sell tickets to FanFest. one of the most popular things they have here at Universal. They have these different fanfest ideas and uh unique things, which I'll talk about a little later in this video. Okay, this is Butterbeer Fest. It's from March 1st to May 31st. And they have new I they have uh they have new um merchandise, they have new items to eat, and they got all kinds of cool stuff. And we're going to go check it out. And it's at all the Universal Studios theme parks around the world in Beijing, Tokyo, Osaka, Orlando, and here in Hollywood. Now, just so you know, if you're thinking about going to one in Osaka, that one doesn't start till April 17th for some reason, but every other theme park, every other university park, Butterbeer starts, Butterbeer Fest starts March 1st. So, I'm going to walk us right down here to um Hogs Wart, Hogsme. And if you haven't, hit the subscribe button because I'm going to be coming back here in just 2 days, guys. Um I have been invited to a sneak preview and I can't even tell you of what, but something's going to be opening up here really soon. And you're going to want to see this brand new sneak preview of this amazing thing. And uh I can't tell you what it is. Like I was saying, I got the special sneak preview coming up here and it's coming up really fast. And if you guys miss it, you're going to be furious. You're going to be absolutely furious. So, I can't tell you what it is, but if you want to see some of the coolest, newest things about something that's going to be happening here at Universal Studios, then hit the subscribe button because that video is going to be coming out in maybe 2 days. And this is exclusive. Hi everybody. Hi. How are you? >> Thank you. Welcome. and you're going to be able to see some exclusive first drop stuff of a brand new attraction that I can't tell you what it is, but it's going to be happening soon. All right, here we are walking in, guys. There's the Hogworth Express. So, >> hi. How are you? All right, guys. We are here. Let me show you what you see. We got brand new offerings here. new kinds of butterbeer and I literally am going straight over here to line up to see the brand new offerings here at the Three Broomsticks. All right, here we are at the Three Broomsticks. Did you guys hear about there's that brand new broom that just came out? It's huge. Yeah, it's it's uh sweeping the nation. >> I don't think this is the time for that type of humor. All right, we are entering in. Well, hello. I don't know why I'm going through this line. Thank you so much. Habit, right? >> Yeah, it's have it. It's have it. Walking right in here to the restaurant. The three broom sticks. Now, I am going to be ordering the waffle, the butterbeer waffle that just came out today. I'm excited to try that. And any other butterbeer dectibles that they have. We're just getting through the line. This is actually one of my I love this restaurant. They have this huge feast here. My friends and I like to get it. I'll show you. We're getting a lot of reflection, but this is the breakfast. Right now, we're the breakfast menu. And I've never had their breakfast, but they've got a continental breakfast. A colorful array of fresh fruits served with croissant scone accompanied jam and butter. They got the pancake breakfast, the American breakfast, traditional English breakfast. But we are here for the butterbeer waffle. All right. So, this is the area where we order. I'm going to go in. I'm going to order the butterbeer waffle and show it to you. Maybe get a butterbeer. What would What goes good with a butterbeer waffle? Okay, they called us in. Let's go in. I'll place an order and show it to you. Okay, I ordered it. I ordered it the butterbeer waffle and they also have the brand new butterbeer cream puff, I think is what it is. And I got a butterbeer hot butterbeer. H got some water with that. So, while we're waiting here for the the butterbeer waffle and the three broomsticks to get made, I thought I would tell you something really cool. Do you guys know why the baby broom went to bed? It was very sweepy. Get it? >> So, they gave they said that you can mobile order it. Um, the reason a lot of people, well, two people here told me you should mobile order it because they're they'll make it fresh. I literally walked in, there's a restaurant right as a restaurant opened here at 10:00. Now, these butter uh beer waffles are made to order, so you have to wait for them to be made. So, it's about a 10 to 15 minute wait, but you're going to get a piping hot fresh waffle. So, I'm like, that's worth it. If you don't want to wait, you can mobile order and they just tell you when it's time to come and pick it up then. While we're waiting, um, oh, I don't want the Oh, I don't want that. I just wanted to center the You see that they have pumpkin fizz, iced tea, unsweetened, iced tea, sweetened, iced tea, raspberry flavored, iced tea, lemonade flavored, lemonade, parasider, apple cider, and pumpkin juice. >> Hi, how are you? Oh, that looks so good. >> All right, so we have the butterbeer waffle, you have the cream puff, and the hot butter beer. >> Perfect. Do you have Can I get a couple for water? Absolutely. >> Thank you so much. Oh, that looks good. I'm picking up the tray. We are now heading out. I'm going to try to find a broom with a view. >> Right. Not the time for jokes. >> All right, let's take a look at this. This is the butterbeer waffle. It just came out today. You got the little butterbeer pad of uh butter, a little cream up there, some strawberries. This is the butterbeer pastry of the cream puff that just came out today as well. It was actually was out here last year. It was a fan favorite and they brought it back. This is a hot butterbeer and I think this is some butterbeer syrup. Let's get into it. And a cup of water. I thought the butterbeer thing would be hotter. It's not really hot, which is a little disappointing. I thought that I thought it would melt, but it's like temperature- wise, it doesn't feel really hot, which is supposed to come out piping hot. And this is butterbeer syrup. That's very strong butterbeer flavor. Pour that in. And try that. Don't be shy. Get a little bit of butterbeer flavoring. All right, here goes. My first bite of it. It tastes just like the butterbeer that you drink. My only complaint is I wish it was warmer. Like I I thought the waffle come piping hot. And they said that they're making it fresh. They I I watched them make it and they came out. By the time I sat down though, it's like kind of room temperature. I I So I think that that's that would be my only thing. But it tastes just like butterbeer. like let's see here. Yeah, the taste is unbelievable. It's really good. So, how would you describe this if you've never had butterbeer before? I think the closest thing you could come to it is butterscotch. You get some maybe it's a butterscotch flavor, something along those lines. Um, it's kind of but it's it's really tastes really good. I just wish that my butter would have melted on my butterbeer waffle, but it made it taste really good. It is sweet. This is more This is definitely a sweeter thing. I'm trying to be artistic. Ooh. Whoa. Butter beer. Wow. All right. So, I'm having a difficult time with this because it tastes phenomenal. The temperature thing is throwing me off. And the way I could describe this is, do you remember when you were back go back to fifth grade? Remember being in fifth grade and the taste is good though. Do you remember being back in fifth grade and you're getting you're running late and your mom's like, "Come down. Come on. Time for school." and she made like a Lego waffle for you and you're dinking around your room and she's like, "Come on, we got to go right now." And you run downstairs and you see that Lego waffle on the on the table and you grab it and it's kind of the cooler room temperature. That's what this this is the temperature that this came out. And I don't know if mine just happen to be that way. I don't know if they're all that way or if mine just happens to be that way, but I just assumed I really wanted that butter beer pad of butter to melt on my waffle. Doesn't seem unreasonable to want that. I'm not a food connoisseur, so that's just what I was assuming was going to happen. But the taste Oh, the strawberries that that that that kind of whipped cream on it. Let's see if I do that. The kind of whipped cream on it, it tastes really good. It's like a butterbeer whipped cream almost. You have to like butterscotch. I think it tastes good. It's excellent. Okay, so I put the waffle aside. I'm now going to try the butterbeer um cream puff. Looks like I had a little I don't even know that white chocolate pearls maybe and butter a little pool of butterbeer on the top and down to this pastry. I will cut it and then come back. Oh my gosh, it's like a commercial. The second I cut that, that little pool started to dribble down. Oh, that looks good. There's the butterbeer cream inside. This pastry looks amazing. I have high hopes for this one. All right. It's got the uh pastry puff and cream, whatever. I hate eating on camera. Oh, yeah. Exactly what you'd want. The Let me cut this little bite here. I'm going to get this that sun drenched that sun soaked caramel butterbeer I dribbled down. Oh my gosh. Okay. Really? Really sweet. Uh, it was excellent. Let's see here if I can show it to you. I really like it. It is sweet, sweet, sweet. But I feel like I kind of made like a commercial. Let me Let me make this look more artistic. I got to get rid of the cup and the utensils. Hang on. Butterbeer. What is that? It's a butterbeer cream puff. D. Look at that. It's really good. Very sweet. Very, very, very, very, very sweet. Very strong on the butterbeer flavor. The cream is fantastic. And that golden drizzle, whatever that is, is amazing. All right. All we have left here right now is the hot butterbeer. They have this all the time. Um, but you can't order on the cart. I'll show you. You need to come into the three broomsticks in order to order the hot butter beer. And as far as I'm concerned, the hot butterbeer is the best butterbeer. This is the one you want is get the hot butterbeer. I took the lid off so you kind of see it to maybe also help it cool down a little bit cuz it is very hot. But it is really good. Particularly if it's ever cold, this is the best thing you can get butterbeer. All right. And I just stirred it up and and I'm going to drink it for the first time. I flirted with the idea, being honest, of taking that big huge slab of butter that had the bee on it that was on my waffle that didn't melt and just dropping in this bad boy. But then I thought maybe that's that's excessive not to do. I decided not to do it, but now I kind of want to, but I'm not going to. Let's try the hot butter beer. Yeah. Never disappoints. It is the It is the um this is their best drink. Universal Studios best drink is the hot butterbeer. They also have cold, which is kind of like a you know like a soda pop. And they also have frozen. It's kind of like maybe like a slushier slurpee version. This is the best. The hot. It is warm. So if you have little ones and they're going to drink it, you got to kind of cool it down cuz it'll burn their tongue. But it is, this is hands down the best. This is what this is so good that it's just ubiquous. Now with Universal Studios, you think of Universal, you think of hot butterbeer. It's just hand in hand. And this is the whole reason they have this butterbeer season of butterbeer because this is so good. People want more of it. Mhm. It's amazing. All right, got to throw this away. So, I haven't this this temperature thing is really throwing me off. I wonder if my just my waffle was cold and everybody else's is piping hot or maybe they serve it that way. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to find walk around and find people who are eating it and find out like was your waffle hot when it came out. I'm not going to put them on camera cuz it won't embarrass them. I I just can't I just I'm like, is it supposed to be served like that? All right. All right. So, I just talked to somebody and they there they said their waffle came out hot, but it was like super soft and a little bit soggy. Mine just came up. So, I think maybe I just got the rare cold one. Disappointing. But of those three things, the hot butterbeer, the um the cream puff, and the uh waffle, the butterbeer, hot butterbeer is number one. Nothing even comes close to it. That's the best flavor you can get at Studios. And then I'm going to have to go with the cream puff and then the waffle. I would have given a waffle. I probably would have given a waffle 10 out of 10 if it was hot. All right, so outside the three broomsticks is this butterbeer cart. And this is where you can come in and grab a quick butterbeer. But the thing you need to know is you can only get cold butterbeer here. You can't get the hot butterbeer. And so I don't know. I I so I don't ever really come here. So just let you know like if you come here, you're going to have to get cold butterbeer. You have to go into the three broomsticks. and you go in right there. Or really, this is called the Hogs Head. You could go right here in the Hogs Head and you can walk right in up like right here. You bypass the three broomsticks and there's a bar in here. You can order your um hot butterbeer straight here. So, if you just want hot butterbeer, come straight in here and order it right here and you're good to go. >> Yeah, that was >> And that is how you get your hot butterbeer. I just go right in the hog's head um and order it. Trust me, the hot is better. Now, I'm going to go to Filters Emporium because I've been told that they have butterbeer merchandise now. So, let's go check it out. We're walking along. This place is always so fun for the holidays. And now, of course, the holidays decorations have been taken down, but you still always have the snow on the roofs. And we're going to walk right down here. There's another little butterbeer cart. Of course, again, you can only get cold. You can't get water there if you're ever thirsty, need some water. So, let's go down here to Filters Emporium. I think that's I think we have to go down here and check out the brand new butterbeer merchandise. I hope it's buttery smooth. All right, so this is the exit of Harry Potter Forbidden Journey, and this exits into Filters Emporium. They have really good Harry Potter merchandise. So, if they have the new butterbeer, it would be here. Let's see if we can find it. Butterbeer. I don't see anything. Maybe I'm mistaken. Oh, shoot. Here's the thing, though. I have to I'm going to be completely honest with you guys. If you ever come to Universal Studios and you they have the best merch, like it's just a trap. You can't help it. It's so good and so fun that you just want to get it all. Like things you don't even think you're like, I don't need this. We don't need these. But then you want it. Okay, that's There's got to be butterbeer merch. >> It's crazy. So, they told me that the butterbeer merch is coming, but it has not yet been released yet. Um, and so they're they're like they were shocked. They're like, "Yeah, we have it, but we don't have it released yet." So, I don't know. This is cool stuff though. Like, it's fun to like be part of like the uh the houses. Now, what's really interesting about the sales of the merchandise, I have to talk about this, the history of the sale of merchandise for for Universe Studios. When they first started selling this merchandise, the everything Gryffindor sold out of everything. It was like that's only everybody just wanted to be in Gryffindor. That's the only house that was really selling. As time has gone on now, more and more people have adopted the other houses. Slytherin, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, and Gryffindor is still a popular seller, but it's not their number one seller. Like Ravenclaw and Slytherin often times out sell Gryffindor, which I think is just fascinating. I think it's awesome. So, I wish I was Hufflepuff. I think I'm a Slitherpuff. Or is that a a Huffle Sli? Huffle Huffle Slither Huffle thing slitherpuff whatever. Yeah, these are awesome. I like this. The one they have this um in Japan and their green is a little darker green that they have there. >> But I like it. To be honest with you, I think of these three, I think Gryffindor looks really good. Hufflepuff is okay. Slytherin, I think, looks fantastic. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Ravenclaw. Ravenclaw looks, I think, fantastic. I think Slytherin looks good, too. I think the best one, though, might be Gryffindor or Ravenclaw. >> I like the I like the looks on them. What do you think? And then these are the newer ones. Look at this. So there's the Godric Gryffindor the sword. Hufflepuff over here. Ravenclaw. What do they have for Ravenclaw? >> And then Slytherin. >> I do like that. Is there anything? Oh yeah, the back looks good, too. That one just says Slytherin. This one's got the emblem on it. I am going to go on the main street area just to see if they happen to have any of the uh butterbeer merch there as well. Uh we'll just double check and see. But yeah, it's kind of shocking. Yeah, they the uh they were telling the team members were like, "Yeah, we we supposed to be getting it." They're like, "Orlando got theirs and they're displaying it. We haven't received our shipment yet." And they were like they're like, "We're freaking out cuz we really want to get this butterbeer stuff." And I was like, that's amazing. All right, going back here through Hogsme really what we have to figure out, which we don't know. Nobody seems to know or if they do know, they can't tell us. Oh. Oh, >> the durm. They're fighting. Uh, these guys are intense and awesome. And then the I don't know if the girls have already gone, but we're have we're have to stop here to appreciate the hard work because look at this. These guys are like super intense. That's amazing. I wonder like how long they train for that. You think? So cool. And it's hot and they're out here in the brown fighting. It's hot. And you know what's not hot? That waffle. That waffle's not hot. Here we go. They're fighting. Oh, this is craziness. You I wonder like, you know, when they practice have they ever accidentally hurt each other or hit each other cuz that would hurt. Very impressive. This is awesome. WOO! That's awesome. It's fun to see him do this. There they go. The tri wizard tournament, guys. >> All right, we're walking. So, like I said, this butterbeer, >> they only get gilly water and cold butterbeer. I'm going to go down to Honey Dudes to see if there's any other Butterbe stuff. And then, uh, after that, we're going to go check out and see if there's any more merchandise. Butterbe. We want the butterbeer. Ah, the hot butterbeer was really good. All right. So, there's a little store here called Honey Dukes and Zonko's uh like joke shop, but they have like candy and stuff like there. So, I'm going to see if there's any new butterbeer stuff in here as well. I know in Florida they actually have some more butterbeer they don't have here. I'll be showing that in about a month. I'll be going to Florida. So, let's take a look here. We're entering into Honey Dukes. It's nice and cool in here. It's very hot outside. Feels nice inside here. You see all the different candies. So, lock walking down here. I think I'm going to get a water. I need to get a water. Let's get some ghillie water. Okay. >> Yep. I was just in there and the team member was just giving me a whole bunch of Harry Potter puns and uh they were great. He's like, "Do you know how I see if I can remember them all? Hang on. I got to remember them." How do you get into Dumbledore's office? You use the Gryffindor. And then how does Nagini How does Nagini get into uh Dumbledore's office? Oh, she just slither in. Slither sli Slytherin. Slither. Slytherin, guys. It's a whole Slytherin thing. All right, I got to get a little bit of a gillie water. Thank you so much for watching this video. I appreciate it. If you haven't already, hit the like button and hit the thumbs up. That's the same thing. You can only do one. Thumb it up or like it. Same thing. But you can hit the subscribe button if you want to cuz we have a whole bunch of stuff coming out. Like I said, I'm going to be doing a a sneak preview here at Univers Studios in 2 days for something I can't even really talk about. It's going to be awesome. I'm also been invited Disneyland Paris. I'll be going there in about a week and a half because they're having the brand new Arendelle Frozen land. I will be there with the sneak peek before anybody even gets to see it. You will see it if you hit the subscribe button. So, it's a little gilly water. And then plus, we've got a ton of Disney content. Can I I would like your guys' opinion. Every once in a while I do like a breaking news video and I have been getting more and more requests from people saying we like those videos. Can you do more of that? The business analyst, the breaking news videos. Are those types of videos you like? I thought maybe if you do, maybe I could throw like one of those in maybe like once a week or something. The guys kind of keep it fresh cuz I do like being in the parks and and showing cool stuff at the parks. But people have been telling me they're like, "Chris, you really like that when you when you do like a breakdown or breaking news videos for us so that we can know what's going on." So, let me know in the comments down below. My feelings won't be hurt. You can say whatever you want. Just be kind. Hit the subscribe button. All right, let's go down on this. It's not their main street. I don't know what they call it. Let's go to the main emporium down here and see if they happen to have any lucky brand new butterbeer merch. Doubtful, but we can see. I wish I could tell you guys what I'm going to be seeing here in just a couple days and talking about it and getting guys giving you a first look, but I just I'm not allowed to. So, um, let's go down here. We're going to walk down this way. Oh. Oh, I did ask one other person about their waffle, and they said their waffle was warm, too. So, I think I just got a bad batch. There is about >> there they go. >> We're working on here, guys. Heading on down here. Going to go down. Check out these um this emporium down here. The university emporium. I'm not hopeful. If they don't have it, the main one. I don't think they probably have it, but we can see. Once again, don't do what I did. I didn't realize my annual pass had expired, so I had to buy a ticket. And then I was like, you should just save yourself the money. Buy your tickets through Getaway Today. If you're planning a trip down coming down to Southern California and you want to come to Vios, buy the ticket through them. You get the lowest prices and get best get even better discounts if you um combine it with a hotel. And people often ask me the question you ask >> is like like is it Oh, Marilyn Monroe. Hang on. I just have to stop to say that you're my favorite. >> Oh my goodness. Thank you so much. I had your poster on my wall in my bedroom. Yes. >> Wow. Which picture was it? >> The one with Oh, in the subway wearing this dress. >> Yes. Yes. Absolutely. My favorite. You're amazing. You are the best part about Hollywood. >> Thank you so much. Are you having a good day today? >> I am. I'm having a wonderful day. >> What have you been up to so far? >> I Well, I went down to the Harry Potter area and got some new butterbeer stuff. So, >> what was it? >> It was a butterbeer waffle. >> Well, somebody told me about that this morning. Delicious. >> It's very good. So, >> wow. Did it have any um toppings on here? >> It did. It had strawberry and cream. And then I also got a butterbeer uh with cream puff. That was very good, too. >> Oh, that sounds wonderful. Maybe I'll have somebody bring one over for me. That'd be fun, wouldn't it? >> You're amazing. Thank you so much. >> Good to see you. Byebye. >> Have a good day. All right. >> Thank you. I don't I don't know if this is going to make any sense to you at all. But like when I'm talking to her, I feel comfortable, but then like I turn the camera off and I got nervous. I wanted to ask for like a selfie and then I I did. I turned the camera off like, "Can I get a selfie?" She's like, "Of course, of course." So, I got a little nervous there. All right, let's go in the store. All right, I don't think they have anything here yet. So, I do like these little dresses. Amanda would look so cute in that. It's amazing. She is a ri a Ravenclaw. That would be her dress. Love it. I don't see. You would think if they had it brand new, it would be just prominently displayed like they must not have it out yet. Oh, I I got to go back to what I was saying. People have to They ask me they're like, "Chris, we know you love Disney." And I do love Disney. And they're like, "And you go to Universal, but do you really like Universal? And is it worth it for a day?" My answer to that is 100% yes. It's different than Disney, right? But I think it's fun. And when I was I'm going to find a spot so I can tell you cuz I want to tell you a story about when I was 9 years old and why I like it so much. >> All right. I need to tell you about one of my favorite vacations I ever went on in my entire life. I was nine. Nine. Simpler time. My grandma, who I love dearly. I Let me find a little spot back here where I could just sit down. My grandma. I love my grandma. Uh she passed away many years ago, but uh I loved my grandma very much. And I I'm taking my backpack off. Hang on. And I would go down there and hang out at her house. And when I was like in college, I used to go to her house and I would let me get this camera fixed up here. I would she would make me scrambled eggs and I just love my grandma so much. Makes me sad. I miss her. I miss her. And I miss my grandpa. And um my grandma planned this vacation when I was 9 years old. She took my mom and my sister and I and she took my aunt and three of my aunt's kids and we came down to California for one week and it was in the summertime and my grandma rented a beach house in Newport Beach and the beach house we literally for we were there for a week I think for 3 days all we did is just play in the beach. We just played in the beach all day long my cousins and I and my sister and we would go out in the water and play and it was so wonderful. And then one day we went to Disneyland one day and I just still remember that. I remember that day. I I remember we went to the Golden Horseshoe Review and this this two guys told a joke and I still remember the joke. And the joke goes like this. This is from my 9-year-old brain. My cousin I laughed so hard. These two guys are talking. The first guy goes like this. He's like, "Oh, I got married the other day." Another guy's like, "Oh, that's wonderful." He's like, "No, that's awful. She's ugly." He's like, "Oh, that's awful. No, that's good. She's rich. Oh, that's good. No, that's bad. She won't give me anything. Oh, that's bad. No, that's good. She bought me a beautiful brand new house. Oh, that's good. No, that's bad. The house burned down. Oh, that's bad. No, that's good. She was in it. I could still remember that joke from 9 years old. And my cousin and I thought that was so funny. But the next day after Disneyland, we came up to Universal Studios and uh we all came up here and it was one of those just moments that were so big in my mind. I was and I was walking around. I was waiting to see. I thought I was going to get cast in a movie and and we went did the tram tour and they had the Jaws part of it and my cousin uh she was telling us she pushed us all in and I got happened. So if you're facing forward I was on the the right side and she got on the far left side and we're like her name's Jenny and we're like Jenny why are you doing that and she's like well this is the side that Jaws comes on is on the left side and I was so disappointed. And I'm like, "Am I going to miss it?" And then when we went through the tram ride, the we went on the dock and the boat fell down and the giant shark popped up. Scared the living heck out of me as a kid and I loved it. I happened to be on the right side of the tram and my cousin was mistaken. Is Universal Studios worth it? It is. It's different than Disney. It's different than Disney. I think that one day in Universal is a perfect amount of time. You'll probably be able to do everything you want to do. You want to do the tram tour. you want to do Water World and you want to go down to Super Mario uh the the Nintendo area and just see all that. If you do those, if you do the Water World stunt show and the tram and Super Nintendo World, you're going to be so happy. And then plus, they have the Jurassic Park ride. They've got the pets attraction here. It's good for kids. They have the super silly Playland, which is good for kids. It is fun. It is fun. But I think I think one day is probably most likely enough here at Hollywood. Now, if you were in Florida, that's a different story. Florida, their Universal is like just bulked up. So, but yeah, it's definitely worth it and get the cheapest tickets. Click that link down below or call 1855 Getaway and don't do what I did. That was dumb. Hey, since I'm sitting here, I have a moment to talk to you. And I'm talking to just you right now. I want you to know how amazing you are. I hope you feel appreciated enough in your life. And if you were struggling and going through a hard time, it's going to get better. It will get better. The world's more amazing because you're in it. You are awesome. And I appreciate the work that you do. I know that you might feel unseen. I see you. I appreciate you. You are unique and you are special. And you can do hard things. You deserve success. Do not be afraid of it. Grab it. Deserve it. We're going to have to compare cuz in one month I'll be down to Florida going to Universities there and they have their butterbeer fest going on and I was looking and they have a whole bunch of things that are like not here on the menu. Got a whole bunch of new offerings. So I got to check that out. I'm excited to see what they have down there in Florida compared to what they just have here in California. So make sure you hit the subscribe button so you follow along for that cuz we got a lot of stuff coming out here. Guys, I'm excited to be showing you some cool stuff here. Universe Studios already talked about that and Disneyland Paris that's also coming out. Right. So, I just went in the store over there, the Universe Studios store right there to see. I'm like, "Hey, do you have that new Butterbeer merch?" They're like, "No, we don't have it yet." Uh, but I did find some pictures of it so I can show you what the new Butterbe merch looks like. And this is what it looks like right here. Yeah, the new butterbeer spirit jersey. I don't know. Would you guys want it now that I'm looking at it? I kind of do. I guess my wife probably does. You guys are awesome. All right, guys. I'll see you in the next video. We'll be doing Disney and then coming up to Universal Studios some more. You guys, we have a lot coming up. Then eventually we'll be going to um Disneyland Paris in like a week or so, showing you all that. And I'm also going to do something on this channel that I don't that I've never done before. I love theme parks. I love going to theme parks, but I'm going to go to some place that I've always wanted to go, and it's located in Europe, and I've never done a video like this before, so stay tuned for that. I got to keep it a little mystery, so you wonder what it is. Oh, I got the new butterbeer waffle. I was a little disappointed with the temperature, but that hot butterbeer was so good. I should have put the butter in the butter beer. Hey guys, thank you so much for watching. I got a lot coming up here. And uh to our patronons, I just want to say we really appreciate you. And if you want to become a Patreon, have your name on the end screen and get some extra videos just for your patrons, click the link down below and become a Provos Perkus Patreon. You will not regret it.
