---
video_id: Ryyw6Bb03vU
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "We Went On The NEWEST Ride At Magic Kingdom BEFORE It Opens!!"
published: 2026-04-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ryyw6Bb03vU
---
Good morning everybody. My name is Chrissa. You're watching Park Fast and I am at the Swan and Dolphin the Swan and today we're going to Magic Kingdom and we are going to have a crazy day. Amanda has planned this day from top to bottom. It's going to be crazy fun. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. We just got here to Magic Kingdom. We are going to rope drop this. We are getting in extra early cuz we're staying at the Swan. So, we're getting in a half hour early and we are go go today. Okay, we are just walking in. It's spring break, so it is jampacked and there's tons of people uh here and we are here as well, but it's going to be fun. Even though it's kind of crowded, Amanda has lots of different things for us to do today and also even tomorrow. So, tomorrow, Amanda, when are we doing the the Beauty and the Beast? >> Uh, tomorrow night. Tomorrow night we're doing a dining option which I have an evening dining option which I've never done. I'm so excited. The Beauty and the Beast will take you to that. And we are Tron is not open early, but the Seven Dwarfs Mine Train does. So, we're following Amanda to see what she is choosing to do. Now, we're going to come right across here, and you're going to see this beautiful, beautiful, beautiful castle. >> Oh, it looks so good. >> Oh, it's been repainted. >> White and the blue. It looks so good. I love that. >> It's the gray and the blue. I think it looks >> like magical. >> I don't know if you can hear Amanda. She's over there talking. She says it looks like a magical German castle. It looks fantastic. >> There's Amanda in front of Oh, there she goes. She's got her Powerline basketball jersey on today with the number I to I >> to. >> That's terrible. >> Wait, no. That's without a doubt your favorite Disney movie of all time. >> Yeah, hands down. >> Nothing even comes close to it. >> I love Goofy. >> She loves Goofy. Okay. So the way this works is you anybody can come into the park early um to rogue drop but if you are staying at on property hotel or the swan and dolphin you get to come in and actually go into the park. So people when you come down main street they had it divided those who are just here early they're standing on Main Street and then they check your hotel ticket or your reservation. Since we're staying at Swan and Dolphin, we showed our Swan Dolphin key and they let us in. And we are now going to Tron. Now, Tron does not open early, but this is what Miles wants to do. And he doesn't mind waiting, even though the ride's not open, cuz he wants to ride it the second that it opens. So, that's how we're spending our extra half hour waiting in line for Tron. >> Here we are in beautiful Tomorrowland. Amanda was just saying, >> "Oh, you can also buy Tron as a single pass." Um, it was sold out when I checked. So, my strategy was we have our lantry. We're gonna get here early, uh, knock out Tron for a little guy, and then we'll enjoy the rest of the morning, and then do some more heavy rides. Yeah, you can do a single pass for Tron. It just sold out. Here we go. Look how pretty. There's a people mover. That's the line for Space Mountain. Walking down here for Tron. Okay, guys. Here we are. >> Technically, it's not open yet. I feel like they should open this early. >> Yeah. >> Don't you think so? >> Oh, I agree. >> But it looks pretty. Anyways, Tron's a great ride. >> Thank you. >> Here we are for Tron. This is a little laser that shrinks that doesn't shrink you. It dissembles and reassembles you inside the computer. If you watch the original Tron movie or Tron Legacy, you see it. >> We're entering in. I remember the very first time I rode this, my mind was blown away. >> There it goes. It's going. >> Oh my gosh, that's so exciting. It is going. And it's 7:32. >> It's going. It's going. It's going. >> You made the right choice. I love this. Oh, that launch is the best. Oh, >> here's our TR. Oh my gosh, this ride's so fun. Here goes Amanda and Miles. Front row handlebars back toward Oh, this ride never gets old. I love it so much. So fun. It literally immerses me. I feel like I'm on the Tron grid. Just got off Tron. I I love the ride so much though. Once you got here, I tell you something kind of happened. It's a ride that's never really happened to me before. All right, so what? Oh, there goes. This is kind of crazy. So, as they're riding the ride, I look ahead. I could see my son was right directly in front of me and then my wife was right next to him and all of a sudden I had I don't know why I had this massive wave of emotion come over me. Like I got a little teareyed. I was like no matter all the cool things I ever accomplish in this life, nothing will be better than my family. Like I was like that's my family up there and like there's my wife who I love so much and my son and I was like and we be on a little vacation together and I just like this is the this is it. This is the most important thing. Nothing is more important than that for me and like doesn't matter what I accomplish in this life. What I will be remembered for is my amazing family, my wife and my son. And I like I was riding that ride and I was like I got a little teareyed. I was like just I see my little son up there little pumping his fist like my wife is holding on for dear life and I'm just like I love him. Okay, this is the seven dwarfs mine train. For those of you who are mostly um come to Disneyland and not familiar with it, this is an exclusive here at Walt Disney Studios. I mean at Magic Kingdom. Uh very fun roller coaster. It's located in Fland. Very familyfriendly. This has got a long line. A long line, but it is it's really fun. Kid-friendly roller coaster. Not too intense. All right. So, let me kind of explain to you what's going on. We got in early. The park opens at 8:00 because we're staying at the Swan or any if you stay at any Disney resort, you get in a half hour early. So, we got in early. We actually got in, I think it's 7:20. They let us in. We went straight to Tron. We rode Tron. Tron was open and now we came over and we're getting in line for uh Seven Dwarfs Mine Train. Right now it's a 60minute wait. It's about an hour wait and it's 7:52 in the morning. Technically they have not opened the park up to the general public yet. So everybody who was waiting in line here is people who are here for early entry. If we would have come straight here rather than Tron, we probably could have got in in maybe 45 minutes. Um but Tron for us is the is the big hitter. So we did that first. Now we're doing a seven dwarf mine train, but you have these options to kind of keep in mind. And we're not using lightning lane. This is just normal weight times here. You can see how look how smooth and quiet and just kind of rolls along. Very fun, very easy, great roller coaster for kids. It's located in the heart of Fantasy Land. And uh it's a really good one. All right, we're entering in the vault, and you'll notice there's a key right next to the door, just like the Snow White movie where Joby puts a key to the vault right by the door. All right, guys. We're about to get on. It said 60 minutes, I think, but it really was only 35 minutes, maybe. Uh maybe people coming in, but like I said, I think that was the perfect way to do it. Rope drop then uh mine train. Wow. According to the app, Tron is now 80 minutes. Dig dig. This is the best part of the whole ride. You know, I ho I ho. Dig, dig, dig, dig. And this is so cute. So, oh, sleepy. Here we go. We're going. Hi ho. All right, we're going up here. And there is a hidden Oswald on a log up here. It's one of the only hidden Oswalds in all of Disney. And it's very hard to see. It's right here on the side of the log here. >> I don't think we Here we go. Hands up, Miles. There you go. So cute. >> Cutest little roller coaster ever. A There we at the very end. If you look inside, you can see Snow White dancing with Dopey. See if I can zoom in. Get a little better view of that. There's Oh, barely see her. There she is. She's dancing. That's the cutest thing ever. As you exit line, you see there's the little dwarf's house. That's where they're dancing inside the house right there. Exiting out. What a really good morning, guys. We are now here to going to Gaston's Tavern. My wife has planned this perfectly. We got to ride those two amazing attractions. It's only 8:30 in the morning. Here we are at Gaston's Tavern. Get a little sweet treat. Okay, so we got the creme brulee croissant and then we got Miles wanted this called Lafru Brew. Amanda drank this six years ago and she hated it. >> I feel like it's different. Has it always been a slushy like that? >> I think so. I don't know. >> I thought I had it where it looked like a star. >> No, the fruit on top. >> Yeah. I don't know. >> I don't know. >> Miles couldn't wait. He just took a bite, but he said it's so good. >> It's got the like um >> you know creme brulee top. >> It almost tastes like a vanilla. >> Yeah. >> A vanilla crispy. >> Yeah. Vanilla. She's got custard in it. She's ripping it in half. Oh, look at that custard. >> Oh my gosh. Wow. Are they kidding? >> No. We asked I asked the guy. I'm like, "What's the best? This is the worm croissant." He's like, "Oh, this for sure." He's like, >> "I didn't want any." >> Oh, I DON'T WANT TO TRIP IT AT ALL. >> This is insane. >> This is the best. >> This is so good. We asked the two workers said, "Get the creme brulee." >> It's unreal. >> It's unreal. It's like crunchy. >> Do I have all over my face? >> Oh, yeah. You have custard on your face. >> It's like creme brulee caramelized sugar, the cream. >> Yeah, it's the like caramelized hard sugar on top, >> the cooked sugar on top, and the custard is so good. And then the flaky croissant part is really soft. That is a genius dessert. >> This is I asked the guy I'm like, "Is this better or the wrong croissant?" He's like, "Oh, the creme brulee." And then the lady walks by and she's like, "The creme brulee." >> So, and I'm like so glad we got it. >> The creme brulee. They did not lead you astray. >> Look at this line now to get in, guys. We just walked right in. Oh, that was so good, though. All right, we are now headed to Haunted Mansion. Haunted Mansion. I love the castle. Amanda and I were talking about it. We're just saying how it looks so good. Here we are. This is Fantasy Land. Fantasy Land. We are going to be walking through Fantasy Land and going you walk right through it and that takes us into um Frontier Land and that's where Haunted Mansion is. I'm just kidding. Not Frontier Land. Liberty Square. Liberty. The second I said that I was like that doesn't sound right. We're This takes us through to Liberty Square. Yeah. >> Now, what you guys might not be aware of, Disneyland. Now, we are in Walt Disney World, of course, but Disneyland. Do you see this? The facades up here in front of this is on the right hand side is a it's a small world. Over here is Peter Pan. This is what Disneyland looked like, Fantasy Land in Disneyland prior to 1983. In 1983, they did a massive overhaul of Fantasy Land in Disneyland and turned it kind of more of a medieval European town, but this is what it looked like um before that. And it's what it looked like when Disneyland opened in 1955. From 1955 to 1982, it looked exactly like this with his facades. They closed it down the end of 1982, reopened it in 1983. This opened here, of course, in 1971 and still kind of has those facade looking like it does in Disneyland. like this is it's a small world which is really shocking to people who come over Disneyland. They're like, "Wait, that's the facade for it's a small world." Yes, it is. We are walking right through here. We're now exiting out of Fancy Land. Right at the end, you have uh Rapunzel's Rapunzel's tower. This is the um Rapunzel's bathrooms. Some of the best bathrooms in all of Magic Kingdom. They're really, really good. And then we're going to walk right through here. And this takes us to the beginning of uh the end of Liberty Square or the beginning, I guess, depending how you look at it, but it's right where they have the Haunted Mansion. Something I thought I didn't understand. First time I came to Walt Disney World, I thought every attraction, every ride was going to be exactly the same as in Disneyland. I thought there would be no differences. No, that's not just not true at all. The rides are different. So, like when you even if you've ridden all the things at Disneyland and you come to Walt Disney World, it's a new experience because they are different. Haunted Mansion is different, Pirates Caribbean's different, uh, Space Mountain's different. So, you feel like you're getting all new attractions. It's really, really unique. We were like, "Oh my goodness, look at the outside. They must be renovating the outside the Haunted Mansion." >> All right, guys. We are about to go inside the Haunted Mansion. So, we are here in the Haunted Mansion. And the one in Disneyland, when you get in the stretching room, Disneyland is actually an elevator. It's lowering you down the ground. One here in Florida, the ceiling actually goes up. This is an illusion. And you're not it's not an elevator. So, the one in Disneyland, you go down, the ceiling stays the same. Here in Florida, the ceiling goes up and you stay the same. >> I am your host. Here we go. >> Is this haunted room actually stretching? >> There it is. >> Or is it your imagination? >> All right. Now, we're now going to get in our doom buggies and ride the Haunted Mansion. And this is what's interesting. At Disneyland, you go down the hallway with a bunch of portraits. Here, you just walk and get on and the portraits are on the attraction. Okay. So, now we are writing. This is the what I was trying to tell you about here. They have the hallway of portraits as part of the ride where in Disneyland you walk through and see the portraits. The horse one always looks scary to me no matter what state it's in. >> And they also have this library. 999. Now, this next room is unique to um Florida. Disneyland does not have it. I call it like the Mcsher room. Staircases upside down. at the end of ride. I'll tell you why this has caused some people consternation. The hatmark ghost Serpents and spiders. Tail of a rat. Call in the spirits wherever they're at. Rap, it's time to respond. Send us a message from somewhere beyond. Dolphins and ghoulies from last Halloween. Awaken the spirits with your tambourine. Here we come into the dining room. Heat. Heat. And now we're entering into the attic. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Here we go. We're going to get a hitchhiking ghost now. Find out what our hitchhiking ghost is. Oh, it pulled up Miles's head and blew it up like a balloon. Now, why are sometimes people upset about the haunted the hatbox ghost here in Florida? It doesn't bother me at all, but some people are really bothered by this. So, the story is in the Haunted Mansion, you're not supposed to see a ghost until after you go into the seance with Madame Leotaa. Madame Leotaa then summons the spirits. After she summons the spirits, you can then see the ghosts. But prior to that, you can't see a ghost. You can just hear him. So, some people says that the hatbox ghost, he appears before the seance, so you shouldn't be able to see him. So, that's the thing. You agree with that? Did you just >> I just hit my head on on the umbrella. >> I almost ended up at Haunted Mansion. >> I almost got Haunted Mansion. Yeah, it came >> thousand ghosts, babe. >> No. >> What? You agree with that? >> No, I'm curious now. You guys get salty in it again. I'm now curious. At first I was like, Laos. And then I was like, >> you're right. That is right. That is how it is. You're supposed to be ghosting ghosts after the sand. >> Yeah. >> So why they shouldn't know them? They should know them. >> That's the only place they can put it though. That might be the hill I will die on next. >> Amanda's like, >> "All right, so now we're taking you guys to Jungle Cruise where I Jungle Cruise, and I think we're going to do Pirates of that. And then after that, we have our reservation at Tony's restaurant, which Amanda absolutely loves. So, Jungle Cruise, then Pirates, then lunch. Look, there's Aladdin and Jasmine. We're >> just walking around a little Aladdin and Jasmine. >> This is the Jungle Cruise. And I'm going to say this, >> we can fight in the comments if you want, but the Jungle Cruise here in Florida is superior to one in Disneyland. >> While you're waiting in line for the Jungle Cruise, you'll see this little cage over here. It's upside down, so it's hard to read, but it says carnivorous plant uh handle with care and danger. And you can see that the plant broke its way out of the cage. But if you look here on the bench, you see two little carnivorous plants and they like Coca-Cola. Then if you get if you look over there, you can see uh the plants. They had something to eat. And there's another one right over here. Carnivorous plant. Keep away. This one hasn't escaped yet. The Jungle Cruise was originated by Albert Falls, but if you go into this Skipper Cantina, you can see that it was actually bequeathed to his daughter, Alberta Falls. And you look right here in the sign, you can see that she's actually changed the sign to Alberta Falls. Do you see how she added the A after Albert, her father? It was Albert Falls and now it's Alberta Falls. Instagram. >> Do you see my wife Amanda? She's working or put a real on Instagram. You should follow us on Instagram. It's Provos Spark Pass on Instagram and you'll be able to see exactly what the real she's doing right now about a murder mystery. While you're waiting in line for the Jungle Cruise, towards the end of line, you're going to get this little area here. This is the skipper area. Says once a skipper, always a skipper. So, you know how in Harry Potter you get sorted into a house? Well, the same thing happens here. If you ever become a skipper on the Jungle Cruise, you're sorted into a yacht club. There are five different yacht clubs that the skippers can be a part of. Here they all are. And you look along the walls, you can see each of the different yacht clubs that the skippers are part of. The first one here is called the patch. It's kind of like a Ravenclaw. Knowledge is an adventure. The next yacht club for the skippers is the upstream society. These are the ones that like to party. If you notice, it says break in case a party. The other yacht club we put in is the banana troop kind of like the explorers. This skipper house or boat house right here is the Ava's Rares. They're kind of like the laidback. They got like the little shirts. They're laidback. He's kind of chilling. And lastly, you have the boat crashers. These are kind of like the jocks. If you look up in the walls, you can see all the sports equipment for this particular yach club. Which one, if you were a skipper, which club, which one would you be? Would you be in the patch? >> Would you be in the banana troop? Would you be in the upstream society? The boat crashers or the avarreras? I mean, I do like bananas, but which ONE'S THE PARTY ONE? >> UPSTREAM SOCIETY, BABY. >> Which one would you be in? Put it down in the comments down below. I think I'd probably be the patch. Knowledge is power. Knowledge is adventure. That probably seems more like my speech. >> It looks like the Upstream Society had a beauty pageant. >> Oh, wow. >> Upstream society. >> One of my favorite jokes. Free kittens to a good home. And look at that shirt is tattered. And then if you come right down here, missing playright urgent. It's a little cat. >> Our boat is Congo Connie. >> This is our skipper, Sheamus. >> Thank you so much. >> Superize your parents. They're the ones that I don't trust. We go back to the nice people at the dock, everybody. Goodbye. Goodbye. You're never going to see them again. I wish I were kidding. Welcome aboard everybody. Welcome to the world famous Jungle Cruise. My name is Skipper Sheamus. First name Skipper, last name Sheamus. No relation of course. Now, a few safety things before we get started here on the beautiful Amazon River. Everybody look up. That's the ceiling. Everybody look down. If they ever switch places, swim. Now folks, we start our tour on on the Amazon River. Take a look on this side of the boat. You'll see the lovely inspiration balls. Why are they called inspiration balls? >> Oh, thank you so much, sir, for asking. THEY'RE CALLED INSPIRATION BALLS BECAUSE AS YOU STARE at them, they inspire you to go deeper and deeper into the jungle. And legend has it, they also inspire madness. So, everybody stare and say, "Ooh, >> ooh." Say, "Ah." >> Ah. >> I'm feeling pretty inspired now. Let's keep going onto the Congo River. Let's see how far this boat congo. If you've never seen the Jungle Book, there it is. >> On behalf of Skippers, Boats, Baits, and Bites. Now, I invite everyone here to take your favorite hand and wave hello. >> Hello. to no one. You're waving to no one and you all look ridiculous right now. I don't see anyone there. Canoe. If you're not in the mood for fish, we do have snake surprise. Surprise. Everybody say hi to Monty. Hi. He's my favorite python. >> Oh, that sounded dangerous. Let's get closer. Now, let's make sure we are fully seated on our bottoms. Thanks so much. Do your duty. Sit on your booty. Trademark. Now, folks, it looks like the gorillas have taken over the camp. So, we are leaving. Look what they did to my truck. They left the lights on. How am I going to get it to turn over now? Goes on for Niles and Niles and Niles. And if you don't believe me, you're in denial. >> A moat. >> You were close. Now, up ahead is a great African bull elephant. Did you know that elephants have some of the best memories in the entire animal kingdom? I wish I had a memory like that. It would help with my job, you know. My gosh, guys, look at elephant. Did you know that elephants have some of the best memories in the entire animal kingdom? >> I wish I had a memory like that. It would certainly help with my job, you know. Now, folks, take a look on this side is the great African belt, which holds up the African pants. Look at all of the horses, everybody. There's a bearded horsey, a long necked horsey, a long horn horsey, as well as the wingy horsey over there with the beaks, as well as my favorite, the stripey horses. The stripey horses are my favorite cuz they're vintage. Yeah, they only come in black and white. Thank you, people. Got it. Now folks, no folks, I'm so sorry that you need to see this. Up ahead on the right is giver Felix on his first and last day here at the Jungle Cruise. I told him that there would be a rhinoceros and to not stop his boat, but hey, what the rhino? He didn't listen to me. But don't worry, folks. He'll get the point in the end. Whoa. >> Thank you, clever people. I wonder what happened to his boat. Anyway, don't look too long or else becomes paperwork. Now, on this side is my two best friends in the whole wide world, Mr. Smiley and Miss Ginger. Now, Smiley has always been very, very friendly, but watch out for Ginger. She will snap. >> Ginger, but I'm going to MAKE IT FOR ALEX. UP AHEAD, WE HAVE your balls, named after the famous shuttle explorer and founder of the Google Navigational Company, Dr. Albert. I just said it. What was it? >> False. >> False. That's it. Dr. Albert Falls. Don't get ahead of me. >> Who gave you the answer sheet? >> You know what? We run our virtual strict naval code, which means the captain always goes down with the ship. What's her name? >> Ashley. >> Ashley. Say hi to Captain Ashley, everybody. Yay. >> I'm just a skipper. If we go down, I don't need to go anywhere. >> Okay, we might need to test that theory off. It looks like we found a part of him. >> Oh boy. All right. Don't worry, folks. I'll get rid of him like I did my last relationship. >> I LOVE YOU. I WANT YOU TO MEET MY PARENTS. >> We're never going to see them again. It works every time. >> I'm quite repulsive. I apologize. Now, up behind me. Oh, guys, look at this. I got Skipper Felix's boat. Look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look. Let's see the under. They got it for half off. My goodness. Hey, hey, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY. YOU CAN'T SAY THAT. THERE'S KIDS IN this boat. I'm sorry, kids. Do not repeat what they just said in school. All right, I'll talk to their banana later. Now, folks, I don't believe butterflies aren't what they used to be. Caterpillars. Thank you, clever people. the rest of you. >> Now folks, it's time for my favorite part of the tour. It's time for the one the ONLY THE BAD SIDE of O2 H2. See, I know you guys like science jokes, but I only tell them periodically. Oh, don't worry. They're off the table to help you. Now, folks, >> I've actually never been to this part of the Meong River. Captain, should we keep going? >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Are you captain? >> Captain says, "Keep going." And also, she does too. So, whatever happens now is their fault. Okay. Keep your eyes open. I'm going to keep mine closed. I am afraid of the dark. I'll see you on the other side. been waiting long right now. It's amazing. One more time, please. the street. Anybody raise your hand if you're not here. All right, that sounds like an issue. Not an issue. So, take care of that on your own. Thank you. Okay, it looks like we have the package of the baby pin. Everybody take as many pictures and videos as you want. They all have their trucks on, so they are decent. >> Oh, look at Oh, look at this. Isn't this cute? Look over here, my friends. It's a little baby elephant taking a bath underneath a full moon. >> I took my bath like 3 days ago, so I I think we're still good, right? We're still good. Uh-oh. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I JUST SAID I TOOK MY BATH three days ago. You don't need to do that. Come on. Uh, folks, DUCK, DUCK, DUCK, GOOSE. I'm sorry, my friends. It's just a trick that the elephants and I like to play. Make sure you keep your limbs on the inside if you want to keep them. And make sure we are fully seated on our back pockets, my friends, not our legs. DO YOUR DUTY. AND WHAT? >> Sit on your booty. >> Sit on your booty. Trademark. You all owe me $5 now. >> Speaking of elephants, did you guys know that elephants have some of the best memories in the entire animal kingdom? I wish I had a memory like that. >> It would certainly help with my job, you know. Now, folks, it's that time of the tour where we all come together at the end to go through, you guessed it, the gift shop because we are in Disney World and what tour would be complete without a trip to the gift shop is Trader Sam's. We've used this for all of our lost and found needs as well. So, you guys would not believe the stuff you leave around in the strollers. We find all sorts of stuff over there. It's negligent, folks. It's really negligent. Oh. Uh, it looks like Sam is unavailable at the moment. He has stepped out. And, um, the monkeys have taken over again. The ones on the left are going for some sort of record for most spins, I think. And the ones up front, speaking of lost, they found my underpants and are using it for a boxing match. But don't worry, folks. It'll be pretty brief. >> It might even end in a draw. Excuse me. Hello, my little friendly elephant. I do believe you're in the wrong section. You're supposed to be back with the rest of your family in the elephant lady pool. >> Yeah. Head back that way. You'll be fine. >> It's really good memories. >> Isn't she cute, though? >> Yeah. >> You know, I guess she forgot where the elephant baby pool was. Which is really strange because normally elephants have some of the best memories in the entire animal kingdom. Did you know that? >> I wish I had a memory like that. >> It would certainly help with my job. You know, now folks, it's time for the scariest part of the tour, THE RETURN TO CIVILIZATION. So everybody, please for your safety, please remain seated with heads arms, feet, headlights inside the vehicle at all times. SUPERVISE YOUR CHILDREN. CHILDREN STARING CONTEST with your parents. Go. Now, folks, it's been an absolute pleasure being your skipper here today. If you enjoyed my cruise, make sure we remain fully seated the entire time, folks. Fully seated. Thanks so much. If you enjoyed my cruise, my name is Skipper Sheamus. Please remain fully seated until I say so. Thanks so much. If you enjoyed my cruise, my name is Skipper Sheamus. If you did not enjoy my cruise, my name is Bob and I work at Kilamacharo Safari Chomp. You've all been outstanding, but now I need you to be outstanding on THE DOCK. GET OUT. WOO. Get out. >> Have to use those hands. >> That's still pretty rude, huh? Goodbye, please. >> Goodbye, please. >> Thank you so much. >> Goodbye, please. >> Goodbye, please. Goodbye, please. Goodbye, please. >> One of the best. >> One of the very best. Oh my gosh. Loved it. >> Oh, that was a good one. >> That was a good one. I love how you get a really energetic skipper like that. And they're having fun with everybody. Yeah, Sheamus. As for him, one of the best. >> All right. Now, we that line took a little bit longer than we thought. So, we don't have time to do Pirates Caribbean. We're going to go down to Tony's restaurant where Amanda has our reservation for us. All right, guys. This is where we're going right over here to Tony's restaurant. It's an Italian restaurant. Something interesting about this restaurant, like if you go read the reviews, a lot of people say it's okay. Um, but the one thing that they said that the food's good, but doesn't like knock your socks off. But I am gonna say this, they do have something here that you can't get anywhere else. It's this garlic knot tower, and that will knock your socks off. There's Tony's Town Square Restaurant. Walk right in here. They called the Provos family. Here we go. And we're going to be going in here. So exciting. This is what you want to get. The Tony's garlic bread for the table. Oh. Oh. >> Miles and Amanda got the fetuccini. They're sharing it. And I got the soup of the day. It's kind of goti and and sausage, Italian sausage in it. >> We're rolling. >> We're rolling. So, this is my soup. Miles wanted to get my reaction. Oh, yes. >> All right, guys. >> Thank you. >> Oh, the garlic bread just got here. >> We have to show us. >> That's the good stuff. >> This is the good stuff. >> Let's clear this off. >> But Dad, how's the How's the soup? >> Good. Very good. I love I love >> Oh, yep. The little the little the little >> All right. So, what is this garlic bread? >> Do you see the garlic bread? Okay. >> Yep. >> Watch this. >> Can you see it? >> Yeah, I can. >> You're You're jumping. You want to pour it? >> I was just going to pour it down the center like a little chimney. Go ahead. >> No, that's good. We can pour. He's going to pour it in like a little chimmy. >> Oh, we want to save some. >> Okay. This >> Oh, do you see it? You see this >> spilling out the bottom? Yeah. >> Oh. >> This is what it's all about. Okay, >> Dad. Hold the camera. I want to try. >> Is that good? You love it. It's so good. It's so creamy. Welcome back. We took a mammoth nap and now we're back in Magic Kingdom. And so Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters is an amazing attraction located in Disneyland, of course, here in Florida, but the one in Florida wasn't so great. They just did a massive refurbishment and it technically opens to the public on April 8th, but we just got inside word that they're doing a soft opening today. So, we're going to head over to Buzz Light, your Astro Blasters, and check it out. It used to be that the guns here in Florida were mounted. You couldn't pick them up. You just had to aim. But now they have it like the way it is in every other Disney park around the world where you pick up the gun and shoot it at whatever target you want. Let's go check it out. I just think that castle looks so good. I just I love it the way it looks. It looks to me regal, majestic. It does look like the new Schwanstein Castle in Germany. Entering into Tomorrowland. There's the People Mover and the Laughing Floor. We're headed right to Buzz Lightyear. It's going to have quite a bit of a wait cuz it's a sneak little preview. Soft opening, but let's check it out. We'll be the first to see it. All right, guys. Here it is. Buzz Lightyear Astro Blaster. We've been waiting in line for almost 50 minutes. The ride apparently broke down and they don't know when it's going to go. About a fourth of the people have left the line and we're just standing here wondering like do we go, do we not? Do we go? Do we not? There's been no updates from Disney other than people who are just leaving the line saying they talked to cast members saying that it is down for technical difficulties. People just started clapping and the line started moving a little bit. So, I think we're moving. We've been waiting a while though. We're trying to entertain ourselves in line. The line is barely moving. We're a little maybe over an hour and 10 minutes. Here's the problem is when the ride broke down, all the fast passes left. Now they've all come back. There's all these fast passes that are going to magic, whatever they call it. They're letting them all go through and we're just in the normal standby line and it is taking four. We move up. We move up like 4 ft. We stand here for 5 minutes. We move 4 ft. Stand here for 5 minutes. Kind of trying to catch back up to where there was before the ride broke down with all those extreme passes. While we're waiting in line, they have this. There's nine different sectors. Sector 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9. There's hidden Mickeys. I think it's sectors one and two. The first hidden Mickey is on sector one. The plant, the continent is shaped like a profile of Mickey Mouse. The second hidden Mickey is in this green planet. There's a little right there. I think the line I don't know what's going on. It just We're all just waiting here. People are kind of get a little antsy. >> All right, so this is a curtain. It says Star Command. Right behind it is where Buzz Lightyear is the animatronic. You can hear him, >> but it's the curtain's closed, so it's not running. I don't know why, but you can hear him back there. But apparently the animatronic is not working. the line's moving again. >> We're not going. But this is it. >> Okay. So, the left side has a red laser. The right side has a green laser. And I think the laser is going the entire time, but you still have to pull the so it's easier to see where you're shooting. You still have to pull the trigger in order for it to count as a shot. You can see this robot, the training robot. There's green and red lasers on it. >> It's going again. And as you can see on the wall, the mural, the green red laser. All right, we've got it here. See the little screen here? I'm going to do the green gun and try to show you as much as I can. It's closing down. Spin knob. Green gun. Powering up. >> And you can see like see the laser. It's always moving, but you have to still pull the trigger in order for it to count. All right. Take that first on both sides. That one last time was worth a lot. Let's see what is next. It's hard to aim and shoot and film all this. I'm assuming the ones that are farther away are worth more, but I don't know. I don't seem to be getting any there's no doesn't look like there's any hurt hidden Zerg spot there. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You're all rock stars. Kick back. I'll bring you in for landing. That was astro >> 467. >> I'll take it from here. >> Spaceies. Hey sir. >> Ooh, look at the scoreboard. They actually show a million. So all the other ones is like a9.99 plus, but this one actually shows the million. Love it. Love it. Oh, wait, wait, wait. >> Love it. This is a really long line cuz it was breaking down. This is my favorite Buzz Light here. Uh I The only problem is the one in California, you know which targets aim for by the shapes. This one they're all round. You don't know which ones are worth more, which ones are worth less. I'm assuming it's based off distance. I'm not exactly sure. But that was fun. Really, really fun. Brightly lit. Looks amazing. Now it's dark cuz we've been waiting so long. All right, we're going to do people mover now with you guys and after that we're have maybe a little quick bite to eat. >> All right, what do you think of Buzz Lightyear? >> Excellent. >> It's great, isn't it? >> It's great. >> Okay, now we're better than how it is now. >> I think so, too. >> My only request would be like more loud fun music. >> Bumping music. >> Yeah, cuz it's so good. It's so good. That is me being super nitpicky and that would just make it like that would make it perfect. >> If it was just like a part like it's so good so good. >> Oh, where we going? >> Y >> and here we go on the people mover. >> So if you did ever ride the People Mover at Disneyland, this is not what it was like. The one at Disneyland was very slow and it had a roof above you. craft monster like today and tomorrow. Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny little On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy, except actual stars. Those are no longer sold. >> Star Traers. And now we're going to see my beloved Tron. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron White Cycle Rock. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Tron, I love you, Tron. Electronica. Electronica. All right, now we're getting ready to enter into >> boom space. And we're going here. We are >> Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control room to confirm your flight to the moon. >> Thank you. relatively empty people movers went by and there's Tron. Oh, Tron, I love you. That's their speedway. California is way better. Your right is the Astro world, our celestial symbol interplanetary fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above for a spin amongst the planets. >> This is my favorite part. I love that >> Oh, there's the new Buzz Lightyear or nine. take the time to see this show. >> Real quickly, guys, you can see Tron Orange for a brief moment. >> Oh, it's gone. Explore tomorrow. >> And that's the end. So, now what we're going to do is we're going to go to Cosmic Race, get a little little quick mighty then. All right, guys. Thank you so much for watching today's video. Be sure to tune in tomorrow because we're going to show you the Beacon Barrel. And we've heard two things about this Beacon Barrel experience. We heard it's either the most amazing experience or we heard it's terrible, depending. So, we're going to go do it. We'll make a whole video of that tomorrow's video showing our Beacon Barrel experience here at Walt Disney World. We'll let you know if it's amazing or not. So, we'll see you in tomorrow's video. Oh, let me quickly say something to you real quickly. Hey, this is my chance to just talk to you right now. I hope you listen to me and focus. You are amazing. You're wonderful. You matter. You make the world a better place. and I am talking to you. Thank you for doing that. I'll see you in tomorrow's video when we go to Beacon Barrel. I hope it's amazing experience. We'll find out. We heard it either be great or not depending where they seat you, I guess. See you in tomorrow's video. Bye-bye. Hit the like and subscribe.
