---
video_id: a5RG0ybAJQs
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "EPCOT With Our YouTube Friends! AND This Restaurant BLEW OUR MIND!"
published: 2026-04-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5RG0ybAJQs
---
Good morning everybody. My name is Chris. You're watching Park Pass. We are currently walking from the Swan and Dolphin to Epcot. Today is going to be a lazy fun day in Epcot. Let me show you. This is the simple walk. We walk right over here. This is the Boardwalk Hotel right here. >> And we're literally going to go right here into Epcot. >> If you guys watch yesterday's video, remember we mana got her peanut butter cold brew. She saved a little bit for this morning walk over. She's finished it. And we're currently walking by the Boardwalk Hotel, which I just found out is >> I think this is my favorite. I think if I had to choose a favorite, it would be this one. But there's a lot of close calls. There's a lot of close calls. >> There's a lot of close calls. >> There's a lot cuz I feel like once I start >> sharing them all, I'm like, "Well, that's my favorite. That's my favorite. That's my favorite." And I have loved our Swan Hotel and our Swan. This is like >> We have a choice though. We have a choice. >> And you see, if you guys look really carefully, you can see the little Snuggy um >> snowy >> snowy that Amanda got from Disney Paris. >> So, >> and we're walking here. There's Epcot right there. We're currently walking right here by the yacht and beach club. See a little snowy on his shoulder. We got a little family going by. the little roller car. There's Amanda walking along. Woo! Woo! While we turn the camera off, Amanda started pontificating about the hotels here at Walt Disney World cuz she loves Walt Disney World. This could be your number one, right? >> Oh, I love Walt Disney World. I love Walt Disney World. All right, so I have a lot to talk about. I have some thoughts. You guys ready? Pull up a chair, get cozy, get comfortable, wrap yourself in a blanket, take some notes. Because before we came here to Disney World, I didn't know anything about it. I've been as a child, then coming back as an adult is so different. So, um, our friend Brooklyn at Getaway Today is a huge Walt Disney World expert. And I feel like I have learned from her ways because I did not know how to do this. And we've stayed at multiple, well, Chris has stayed at multiple all of the resorts here, all of the Disney World hotels, and I've stayed at maybe three4s of them. So, I have thoughts. I love this boardwalk area. So, this is Yach Club. There's yacht club and beach club. I like yach club a little bit better. It's kind of like dark sailor captain vibes. Um it's very yacht club. It's very soothing. >> I I like beach club better. It's lighter and happier. >> Beach club is lighter and happier, but I feel like the rooms need a little bit of a refresh. Um I liked the vibes here. They were very soothing at yacht. >> The best the best swimming pool >> more like the gloomy captain. Like I I just loved it. The best swimming pools for sure are here. >> The sand bottom pool. sand bottom pool. >> Um, excellent. And then boardwalk is across the way over there. Sorry, I'm not good with this camera or else I'd flip you guys around back and forth, but I don't know what I'm doing. I have no idea. This is like a different camera that just boach. I love it cuz the room Oh, I tap the button three times when >> say, "Oh, that's the power button. Hit this one this button here three times. One, two, three. Pass." >> Just pushing buttons. One, two, three. >> There you go. >> Okay, so over there is Boardwalk. The rooms were refreshed the last time we went and they were beautiful and I just love the vibes there. It's really great vibes. The location is excellent. If you want to go to Epcot, which is over here, and then Hollywood Studios is back behind that way. I turned it back around to myself. Okay. I love Wilderness Lodge if you're doing Magic Kingdom. It has just really It's just beautiful wilderness vibes, but it's really pretty. It's a deluxe resort and you have a private boat that takes you over to Magic Kingdom. Um, I also really love Animal Kingdom Lodge. That's great if you have animal lovers in your family like me. I love animals. You have to get a Savannah view. If you're going to stay there, um, it's just excellent and it's excellent if you're going to Animal Kingdom. Just take a little bus ride over there. So, that one is wonderful and it's just gorgeous. And the restaurants over at Animal Kingdom Lodge and um, Kadani Village are really, really good as well. I'm trying to think what else. Oh, I also really love the Riviera, but people don't like the Riviera. feel like it's kind of like going to stay at just a regular hotel. I think I've heard some people say like, "Oh, it feels like you're at a hotel in Las Vegas but without the casino." To me, no. I just think it's pretty. I think it's very pretty and it's not in your face screaming Disney. It just has little Disney touches and the location is excellent about Riviera, though. >> That's what I'm doing right now. >> Are you really? >> Some people don't like it. They don't feel like it's Disney enough, but for me, it's it's a perfect touch of elegance. It's interesting to me cuz there's some people who love that they're like they're like just not dizzy throw them right in your face >> and other people are like I want more dizzy. >> It's the most elegant. >> It's elegant. It's just like a perfect touch of subtle um elegant Disney. Okay. And I think that's I think that's my list as far as the deluxe hotel resorts go. Um and then I have lots of different thoughts on moderate and value that I will save for another time. I think Amanda just went reviewed a bunch of the hotels here. >> The deluxe one. >> The deluxe. >> My favorite deluxe. There are more. Favorite. There are more. Okay. >> Those are my top. >> So, I'm going to tell you if you want to book one of these. Oh, here comes here comes the family. There go the car. It's amazing. Um, if you want to book this, the easiest way to book it is just call 1855 Getaway. You're going to get the absolute lowest prices on your Walt Disney World hotels. Uh, it's more expensive if you go to the Disney website and book it through them. >> That's more expensive. >> It's more expensive >> and you don't get the personal help and personal. >> Yes. So, they will also help you if you say park pass when you call them. They'll give you the Walt Disney World concier service for free, which means they'll help you make all the reservations for Walt Disney World. Get away today. We'll take care of you. If you don't want to make the phone call, you just click the link down below. You'll still get the lowest prices. You get lowest prices on your tickets and on the hotels. Like this is literally who we booked ours through and they work with all budget types. So you I just can't recommend them enough. Save yourself some money and go to getaway today. All right guys, we are walking right over here right here. That takes us right into Epcot. Let's go have some fun and eat some good food in Epcot and just kind of relax. >> Okay, this is the entrance to Epcot. This is called the international was it the what's this called? The entrance. gateway. >> International gateway. That's what they call this one. So, it's kind of the back side of Epcot. Very easy. It's also where the Skyway comes in. Very, very easy. We are literally right here in this is London, England. And this is the Rose and Crown Tavern. And we're trying to decide. Amanda's kind of interested in going to the little tea room over here. We're trying to decide. Do we want to do rides? We want to get food. What are we thinking? Because the day is ours. It's a plum of a day, guys. We could we could pluck the pluck the apple and just enjoy. Oh, look at that. >> Take a little Okay, Amanda made me stop cuz she's like, "Check this out. Look how cute this Canadian Mickey is." Oh, Canada. >> You guys, there's Miss Piggy. I love the Muppets. And then over here, they got Kermit on his bicycle. I love it. I love it. I love it. Okay, we have made a plan. We are going to go to Test Track first thing. And we're waiting in line for test track. And after that, we're going to go walk around and go to the different world countries. Maybe get some food. Amanda might want to get a salad cuz that one ride life with the lom. >> Living with the land. >> Living with the land. Whatever. >> This is kind of fun. Uh, so what we're literally doing is just kind of walking around just talking and like kind of taking little votes as family like what should we do next? You want to go here? I I voted for Norway. I wanted to get some school bread treats but I was out voted for test track. So, we are going to go to test track and Miles and Amanda are excited for test track. So, we'll head to test track and maybe after that maybe we'll go to Norway. >> Yeah, we are going to go to Norway. >> Oh, we are going to go to Norway. Okay. So, let's go do test track first and just kind We're just going by the seat of our pants today and you are coming with us. >> Put it in the comments down below. Would you rather have gone to Norway to get some school bread or test track? Are you team Miles Amanda or team Chris? Look. >> Oh my gosh. >> Thumper. >> Thumper. Bambi. Flower. It's funny cuz like Miles's like, "Bambi's a boy." I'm like, "Bambi's a boy." He's like, "I thought Bambi was a girl." I'm like, "No." They're planting flowers. This is awesome. They're tossing them. Oh, good catch. Oh, good catch. Looks very good. >> What? What is it? What festival is it, Amanda? >> Flower and garden. >> Flower and garden. She eats her apple. This is a flower and garden festival. >> Okay. Brandon Mole is an author of this book series called Fable Haven. So, Brandon Mole, if you're watching this or if somebody you know somebody who knows Brandon Mole, please get this to him. We found out they're making a Fable Haven movie and Amanda wants to audition for the role of Bubda. I'm BDA. Bubda likes to rest and eat apples and play Yachis. I can do all those things really well. So, if you are the casting agent for the Fable Haven movie, when it comes time, Amanda wants to do the motion capture for Buba. >> I want to be Bubda. I would love to be Bubda. Buba is my favorite. >> All right, we are here for test track. It's a 95minute wait. We don't have any special passes or anything and we talked to Miles about it and he's like he's okay with it. So, let's go in and do a little test tracking. Hey guys. So, I don't know what we can record here. So, I'm literally going to probably just enjoy the time here with Miles. But when we get to the end and we get to like the gift shop, that's also where Miles lives at. I'll pick up the video at that point. So, okay. >> Just got off the line of the ride. Ooh, look at this Corvette. That orange color is sweet. >> They have all the different cars. As you can see, it's General Motors, Cadillac, Chevrolet. Miles just discovered they got rid of all the little hands-on kids parts. That was where all those cars were. They used to have this play area for kids. So, now we're a little disappointed with that. >> Nothing too crazy, though. >> All right, babe. What' you think? >> Oh, man. I kind of missed the Tron overlay. >> The Tron overlay? >> Yeah. This kind of reminded me of I don't know soaring through ET. You know when you're like you're on those little bicycles at Universal going through the >> ET ride. >> The ET. >> Oh my gosh. >> I don't know. I Yeah. >> Okay. Well, you heard >> I love >> You heard it here first, guys. What's that? >> The Tron was >> The Tron was super cool. >> Okay. We're about to go do Mission Space. This attraction has green and orange. If you do green, green's not too bad. If you do orange, you can get really sick. This does spins around a lot. Miles and I are going to do green. Amanda is not going to do this cuz this ride made her super sick once and she's never recovered from it. >> Here we go. This is it. >> Mission space. No. Okay, we're in the line, but Amanda, she wanted to come to line with us, but she cannot ride this ride. Babe, >> this ride has terrible memories. But we were on the orange side. Could I probably do the green? Maybe, but I can't even take that chance. Like, even the thought of this is like, so I'm just going to wait with them and then ditch out of it. >> Hey, here we are. This is the end. We get off the ride, they have a little space station, put kids a plane, and right as we get off, the first thing mana said was, >> "How was it? >> How was it?" >> There's all these other parents. Every time these kids come out, the parents are like, "How was it? >> How was it?" All these parents sending the kids by themselves. >> Every parent is sitting out here. So, we're recording and also my camera like started updating. I'm not sure what he said, but all these parents are saying, >> everyone's like, "How was it? >> How was it?" >> It was actually pretty fun. We did the green one. It's not too bad. Okay. Still maybe claustrophobic >> a little bit. It's very It's tight. You get some motion. You feel like you're kind of going around. Nothing too crazy. They do have They do have emergency bags, but uh in case you get sick. Let me show you something crazy here. So, we are here at the exit for a mission space right this here. This is one of the few places where every trash can is open. See that right there? That way when people get out, if they're sick, they have no problems. Every trash can is completely open. So, you can get sick into it cuz a lot of people do get sick of these attractions. We literally have spent about 45 minutes here in this exit. There's all kind of like hands activities for them to do and Miles has been loving it. >> All right. Now, the next thing we're doing is we're going to go to Club Cool where they can try all the different flavors of Coca-Cola around the world. All right. It's right in here. Club Cool. Something Miles has always loved doing. He doesn't get a lot of soda pop. So when he gets to come in here, he feels like this is a big treat. Flavors around the world. That That one the Philippines one's pretty good. This is the Korean joy. >> Oh yeah, that that one tastes good. I like that one. >> This one is from China. >> I don't really like it. The one from China. >> I don't know. Smart. You want to try it? >> No. It smells like >> Try it. >> Medicine. >> It's almost like a hickory bacon. >> It kind of tastes like a barbecue. >> Tastes like barbecue. >> Something Amanda loves. She loves Oh, the merch. And I love Fanta. That's a good one. I like that one. Amanda likes to look at all the different Coca-Cola merchandise. This is the worst one. The Beverly. Oh my gosh. Brutal. Brutal. So, we're stopping here for a little brunch cut. We got some avocado toast. Trying that bad boy out. >> Here's our avocado toast with Amanda. Oh my gosh, there's all these. Look at all these people over here. Kevin, how >> beard? We have beer. >> This is fresh bake. He's eat What? What is he eating there? >> Hi, Liz. >> Hi, Chris. >> Hi, guys. How you doing? Good. Doing good. >> We all came prepared. >> We all We all have our umbrellas. >> This is >> You never know in the Florida weather. >> You're a dream that you know that. Yes. Amanda loves these. >> Prepared. I know. You guys are my people. So, we're going to try this avocado toast. >> I love it. Miles took off all the like extra stuff on >> Yeah. All the all the tomatoes. Miles took those off. Can't figure this out. For some reason, ours wasn't as pretty as everybody else's avocado toast. They had really pretty stuff. >> I just took a bite of avocado toast. It's good. It doesn't It tastes like avocado spread, not like fresh guacamole, if that makes sense. >> Oh, there you go. See how pretty it looks? Look at all that. Thank you so much. I'm not exactly sure why I shouldn't look that pretty. Tastes the same. Probably had to get some napkins. We're down here with a lot of our friends at Epcot to, you know, kind of honor some of our friends. All right, we are now on our way to Norway. Big group of us. I want to get some of the school bread. Maybe end up in Germany and get a caramel butter burner, if you know what I'm saying. And I'm just going to go have some food. Look at the beautiful flowers in the water. >> There's two of my friends just being super cool. Are you guys getting little little videos of that? Wait, look. Look at this. He's got a camera. He's got a camera. It's like they're almost like videotaping. >> Yeah, we're hoping for a Montreal. >> Oh. Oh, you wait for the Montreal. >> Oh, let's do that. >> There is a bunch of fish here. My >> I got to ask, do you like his Cuz you guys are Disneyland guys. True and true. >> Let me ask a question. >> Let me Okay, ask a question. >> Do you like Disney World >> as opposed to not liking it or as opposed to loving it? >> Liking Disney World. >> I love Disney World. >> You love Disney World cuz I remember I remember I was with you the first time you came. You were like this is like a you were so hyper. You loved it cuz you felt like it was new. Well, it had been almost 30 years. >> Yeah. Does it still feel this way to you? >> Yes. >> Okay. And what were you saying when you you What do you do before you come down here? This is insane, guys. >> So, the way I hype myself up before I come to Walt Disney World is I'll go online and watch like old episodes of TGI Friday, TGIF, uh, and watch the Walt Disney World episodes, all those, and Disney summer. >> Oh. Oh, here it comes. Here it comes, guys. Sorry. We've been waiting for the moderator. >> Did There it comes. I'm gonna stand behind him so you guys can hear them say it. >> Oh, I'm not. I'm going to save it for Sophia. >> There goes the Montreal. >> Dad, you were saying, wait, come here. Come here. Come here. You were saying you watch all the TGI Fridays before you go. >> Janelle and I will literally watch all the TGI Friday. I keep saying TGI Fridays. TGIF >> TGIF >> episodes of Walt Disney World and we also watch the Walt Disney Summer Jam. If you guys haven't seen it, you need to see it. >> Things we watch on YouTube by like Insync, Britney Spears, it's so cool. >> See it differently like >> Yeah. And so you enjoy being down here. You enjoy it. >> Yeah. Can let me ask a question because you guys follow Magic Journeys. The best food channel in all of YouTube. True. Um, >> so cute. >> Food down here. Is it better or as compared to Disneyland? >> I think it's gotten better. >> It's gotten better. >> Tell the truth. >> No, we are. We are. It's It used to just be burgers and fries and pulled pork and I feel like pulled pork and tater tots. Now I feel like they're improving more and adding more. >> There's good food. You just have to look for it. But it's not everywhere. I feel like But Epcot, you think Epcot has good food? >> Epcot has better food. >> I think it does, especially for flower and garden. >> I I don't I'm not a food person, so they they would know. >> Animal Kingdom, I think, has the best food. >> Animal Kingdom Animal Kingdom Kingdom >> out of all the parks, I think. >> Oh, the chicken tasala is good. >> All right, I'm going to take him to Norway so he can get him some school bread. I know. We're going to go get We're get some school FOR THIS. SO GOOD. They're They're like They were filming. David is filming. >> Everybody's in. >> We're all filming. There's >> They're filming, too. >> Oh, and Kevin and Allison are filming. You film me. >> You film me and I'll film them filming. >> But they're not filming. Everybody else. >> Wait, wait. Oh, let let me do a better shot. Hold on. >> Oh, okay. What are we doing? >> Hi, guys. >> Hi. >> Fresh. Wait. Is this fresh bake or is this pro? >> Fresh bake. Which show are we doing? >> Here's the best part. Can I just tell you my favorite thing? My favorite thing is I'm very high energy and when I see David the first time I always run like David and this is what I always see this facial reaction. I'll try to do your face reaction. >> All right. >> No, that's not true. It's only It's only when the cameras are rolling because the truth is is that when I saw Chris at at Connections, I literally jumped off the stairs. >> You did? He did. He did. There's no cameras around. He like saw he jumped up the stairs. I caught him. >> That's true. True story. >> All I want to do is take my friends down to get the Norwegian school bread and we get keep getting distracted. But now we're going to go on a ride here. >> Remember me. >> All right. So this is the Mexican pavilion. We're going to go ride the Three Cavaleros boat ride. Here we go. The Grand Fiesta Tour starring the three Cavaleras. Magic Journeys. Fresh B. You can't see anybody, but we're all here. >> There we go. David's filming. I like this part when the angel points there. >> If I remember correctly there, this is the main ending here, but I think there's a hidden Mickey on one of these windows. I'm going to try to find him and show it to you. >> It's going by very fast. >> There he is. Okay, finally. Kind of like hurting cats here. We got all my friends here. We're trying to go I'm trying to get them to Norway cuz I want to get this was called school bread. That's my whole goal. If I can just get that done, I think we could kind of call that a win. Here we are in Norway and we are here to get some school bread. I think it's in here. >> All right, I got Miguel here >> and you know some school bread >> because they are the foodies. They know more about food anything else and they have not had Norwegian school bread. I'm excited for both of you to try this. >> So this is There it is. You see it? >> Oh, wait. We had had that. >> Oh, we He's like, "Oh, we've had it." It's just so pedestrian, we don't remember it. >> There it is. The school bread. >> So cute. >> I thought it was so awesome. I was like, I'm going to introduce them to something they've never seen before. And then we they're like they're like, we've never had it. We look at their in their YouTube channel 5 years ago. It's on the thumbnail. It's on the >> But it's been 5 years since you >> It's been 5 years. It's been 5 years. >> And I I can't recall like the name of the tree, but I can't picture. >> Yeah. School. School. >> Yeah. And then Amanda also got this called the what is it called? >> Cold crumb. I think >> cold crumb. And then this is called a rice dream. There's the hotel that we're staying at right there. Little dolphin. So we're going to walk back there now. We're going to take a nap. Our friends are going to stay here for a little bit. We are going to walk back and go take a nap, guys. All right. So if you watched yesterday's video, we talked about how Amanda got really upset. Something really upset her and she was upset. We're going to talk about what that is. And at first it's going to sound kind of funny, but then the more you dive into it, you see like, oh, okay. I see I guess I can see why this is really upsetting to her. So, we were walking through uh Disney Springs last night and there's the M&amp;M store. And I casually mentioned to Amanda, I'm like, "Isn't that crazy how the green Eminem doesn't wear her go- go boots anymore?" It was it like in 2022 or something like that, 2023, M&amp;M's decided that um they wanted to make her seem more friendly and less sex have less like being so sexy. So, they removed her go-go boots, the white go-go boots, and they put her in white sneakers with white tights. Well, I just mentioned that in passing to Amanda. Amanda's like, "What? They didn't?" And I'm like, "Yeah." So, we belined right into the Eminem store so that she could look at the green M&amp;M that they have. And sure enough, she's just in these white sneakers and no longer in her go-go boots. >> This really bothered Amanda. I'm going to let her talk to you and tell you why. >> When Chris was like said that, I was like, "What?" No, I was like, "What?" >> That is so dumb. That is so dumb. Let her wear her boots. Let her wear her boots. There is nothing wrong with that. I Okay, sorry about that. What were we talking about? >> You were just You have this upsetting you about the green Eminem. >> Yeah, it's so dumb. >> And I was like, why does this bother you so much, Amanda? >> Because you should just wear the boots. That is so dumb. That is honestly Okay. And I'm not even a girly girl as I say that in a pink Mickey hat. I'm really not a girly girl at all. And that's just dumb. I don't know. Even I like to dress up in like heels and boots sometimes. you said to me yesterday, this is what you said, which I thought was profound. You're like, "Okay, they changed her to make her more inclusive to people cuz you felt they Disney uh M&amp;M's were like, "We want to to make her more friendly and whatever." And you said if people are having a problem with the way that she's dressing, that's their problem. It's not her problem. And you mentioned Jessica Rabbit. You're like, "It's not Jessica Rabbit's fault. That's how she is." And you're like, "They shouldn't change the Eminem." If a person has a problem with it, they need to change their way that they're thinking. >> Person wants to wear boots. Wear the boots. >> Wear the >> wear the boots. >> Wear the boots. >> Wear the boots. >> You want to wear boots? Wear the boots. >> Yeah, >> there's nothing. We have real problems in our world. >> And the green. >> Let the green Eminem wear the boots. >> Bring the boots back. >> You guys got salty Amanda again. I feel like I've been salty >> in quite a few videos lately. >> No. No. >> They're going to be like this girls. No, it's just >> let Jessica Rabbit wear her dress. Let the green Eminem wear her boots. >> I think that's an interesting point of view. Yeah, I think it's interesting point of view how you were saying cuz I was laughing when I she was so upset by this. I'm like, why does that bother you so much? Who cares? She's like because they're shaming the green Eminem. And she's like, "Let her wear the go-go boots. That's fine. It's not her problem. That's the other people's problem." And she goes, "That's what always happens with women." She last night we were laying in bed and she was like telling me this for like a half hour. She goes they keep trying to change everything when it's not our fault and it's literally it's literally another person's fault. So instead of them taking responsibility they change they make they make us change >> and I like sneakers too. >> I love sneakers sneakers all the time. I have nothing there's nothing wrong with sneakers but like >> Yeah. So anyways uh bring the boots back according to Amanda. All right guys, we are now going to go take a nap. We're going to come back here in the evening. I just saw the most perfect shirt for me. It says, "My favorite Disney princess calls me daddy." >> All right, guys. So, the next part of the video, um, we are going to walk across here to the Dolphin Hotel. There's an arcade there, and we promised Miles he can take a look at the arcade. And also, he said that he would like to give you a tour of the arcade because he said that you guys would like a tour of the arcade. So, we're doing this for you. >> Okay. So, I came across this arcade and this is awesome. There is arcades. Oh, sorry. I'm just showing the ceiling. Sorry about that. There's a motorcycle. There's prizes. Whoa. There's even a Angry Birds game. This arcade is huge. Oh, no way. They even have the tornado game that I used to play. This one's so fun. Dang. I want to try this. Hold on. Let mezilla VR. We get tickets. This is awesome. >> Oh, okay. This is I I was waiting to show you guys this. They have our very own bowling alley in an arcade. Nice score. So, yeah. >> Can't wait to be playing. >> All right. All right. So, now we are now at a restaurant here in the Dolphin Hotel because they have tableside guacamole which is what both Amanda and Miles want. >> This is Alejandra and she we asked her like, "Can we videotape it?" She said, "Yeah." She actually said, "Thank you for asking too." He's making So, we get to have choices. You can have mild, medium, or hot. Amanda said medium plus. Mild. >> I'm sorry. Mild plus. I would like mild. Miles and Amanda both like medium. So >> spicy. >> Spicy. Miles like medium and I like mild. >> And we asked for a light on the onions. >> This looks good. We're going to make it nice and chunky. >> Yes. Do you >> how many bowls of guacamole do you make a day? >> Oh my gosh. I mean, 90% of our guests here. >> 90%. Yeah. It's the best thing in the world. >> Yeah, it is. They like fresh. >> So good. >> How do you like it? Spicy, medium, or >> spicy. >> Spicy. >> I'm also Mexican. >> Yeah. There you go. And like >> I'll put so much on the biggest ones like Oh, thank you. My pleasure. >> This is the best thing in the world. Yeah. >> Oh, that's fun. >> Okay. >> Oh, thank you so much. Look at this presentation. We'll move this all the way out of the way here. >> Please enjoy. >> Thank you. >> Hi. My pleasure. >> Oh my gosh. >> All right. First taste. First taste. >> First M doing it. >> Who's got the first taste? >> Thank you. Thank you. >> How is it? >> There he goes. The thumbs up. Yeah. All right. I'm doing it. I love this stuff so much. >> Oh, I can't get I got a big chunky chunk. Can't do this without holding my hand camera. Ah. >> Can you help me out? Push that on chip for me. >> Thank you. Guacamole is the greatest thing of all. All right, so I got these little these little Is that delicious? >> Tacos with ai, fresh ai. >> They gave Amanda some jalapenos on the side to make her guacamole a little spicier. So, she's going to put some on a plate, make it spicier. She also got salad. And Miles got this kind of like a fun quesadilla. That's where you say Rosa Mexico. >> Chris gave me this fancy camera again that I'm trying to use. I have to tell you guys that is probably handsdown my favorite restaurant in the Walt Disney World area. It's at the Dolphin Hotel, so it's not even technically Disney World. But it's crazy because we at Epcot. I love eating at Epcot. We usually just like fill up at Epcot. 1,000 million billion%. I'm so glad we chose to try that. and have dinner there. Like, I can't even. It was amazing. It was amazing. Everything I had was delicious. The guacamole was delicious. The quesadilla was delicious. >> The salad, >> the salad was amazing. Chris was obsessed with >> those little teeny tank tacos. I got so good, >> guys. It was so good. The ambiance was fantastic. >> I felt underdressed. So, we're still in theme park clothes. I mean, Chris's always in a shirt and tie. People were dressed really nicely. >> Oh, I >> So, I felt underdressed, but it was delicious. 10 out of 10. Must must try it. I'm definitely going to go back there. I loved it. Loved it. So freaking good. >> Well, we are headed back to Epcot just to kind of go enjoy the evening in Epcot. Um, and we'll show you a little bit more. I hope you've enjoyed this. By the way, if you haven't, could you hit the like button and subscribe to our channel? Subscribe. We have lots of great content. You won't regret it. something you can do for free and that way you'll get notified when new videos come out. And if you want to watch them, you can. If you don't, you don't have to. But hit the subscribe button. All right, guys. Here we are in Epcot and it's beautiful. It's in the evening time and >> it's the Flower and Garden Festival. We're just enjoying it. No hurry at all. And you're here with us. I know some of you are not able to travel as easily. So, this part of the video is for you, just kind of showing you the the view of walking up a pathway here at Epcot. We can go straight or we can go right. We'll see where Miles wants to go and what he wants to do. >> Miles decided that maybe we should go to Spaceship Earth. Now, keep in mind he's nine, so plans change on the fly. We get distracted by other things. >> Epcot really is. It's a lot of fun. Super magical. >> Before I ever came down to Florida, I was like nervous about coming from Disneyland, coming to Walt Disney World. It almost seemed intimidating to me because it seems so big and like Magic Kingdom and and like Epcot and Hollywood and Animal Kingdom. I was like, well, how do you do it? And I got a little nervous. I think that's normal for people maybe coming on your first time out here. But it's not difficult once you get out here. It's just a good time. You just come out here, you enjoy it, you get to hang out and see cool things, eat good food, ride good rides, and just make it your vacation. and do what you want to do. >> If you like napping, take naps during the day. If you want to go hard, go hard. It's your vacation. >> All right. So, I showed this earlier in the day. Kermit. But what I didn't show is my sock. >> It's Kermit. What? >> Kermit and Kermit. >> Kermit and Kermit. All right. We're going to be going over here to Spaceship Earth, guys. going to go. Right. Where is Spaceship Earth? Right around there. >> One time it looked like >> There's Goofy. You see the little dandelion pops have lights in them? Remember I told you we're going to space Oh, there's the Montreal. Remember I told you we're going to Spaceship Earth. Well, Miles saw this and he's like, "What's that? >> That's the Montreal." But below the Montreal, it's like a little baby's first baby's first rave. Here we are, guys. Just enjoying the night now, listening to music and dancing. >> New plan. 9-year-old plans. We're now going to go see what's this ride called? I always call Life of the Lom. >> Okay. You're always like, we're going with >> We're going to go ride the Lom. The Lom Land. >> What's it called? >> You're Why? Like, what even is a Lom? >> Well, that's a Magic the Gathering card. Life of the Lom. Whatever. >> We're going to do Lom. We're lom land. The loom in land ride. I'm like, what in the heck are we? >> So that's that's what we're doing. Oh, living with the land. >> The lamb. >> Life of the lom. That's not so much better. >> There it is. Life of the lom. >> Here we are. Life of the lom. Learning about lom. >> The edible flower garden. Look at all these little fish. >> Do you know what the fish said when it swam into the wall? >> Damn. >> I don't think this is the time for that type of humor. >> And then you know what his best friend said? Dumb bass. Get it. >> And there's a little hidden Mickey in the green. >> All right, guys. This is the end of our video. Normally what I do at this point is I sit down and I talk to you guys. But I'm going to try to do this while I'm walking. Um cuz my son's a little bit tired and he wants to get back to the hotel room. And tomorrow is going to be a big day. We are literally going to Magic Kingdom. We'll take you with us of course, but right now I'm only talking to you. You are amazing. Oh. Oh, my son's going to a little playground real quickly. So that means I can't stop. I am talking to just you right now. >> You are amazing. You You make the world a better place. I hope you know that and I hope you hear that enough. I hope you feel appreciated cuz you are awesome. You matter. You are special and you are unique. You are awesome. You make the world a better place. All right guys, I'll see you in the next video. Uh tomorrow is Magic Kingdom. And Amanda has Tomorrow's jam-packed day. Today's a lazy day. Tomorrow's likeam bam bam bam bam. We hit all these different things, but I'll take you along for all of it tomorrow. See you tomorrow. Bye-bye. >> There's Kermit the Frog and Miss Figgy. And there's shows going on behind. There's my wife Amanda and she's got car she's photographing her caramel popcorn. Again, thank you so much for joining us guys. We'll see you tomorrow's video when we're going to be doing crazy Magic Kingdom all day. Food, rides, attractions, shows, all that tomorrow. And then we found this restaurant that Amanda loves called Rosa Mexo and she said it was a 10 of a 10. Sorry about that last note there. Hey, thank you to our patreons. We just want to say how much we appreciate you. We couldn't do these videos without you guys. We really couldn't. You are amazing. And if you want to become a Patreon, click the link down below where it says Prospect's Patreon. You'll get behind the scenes stuff just for you. You won't regret it.
