---
video_id: YaLfe1JIpmk
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "ALL Of Disney's Pressed Penny Machines Have Been Removed But ONE! See It BEFORE IT LEAVES FOR GOOD"
published: 2026-03-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaLfe1JIpmk
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris. You're watching Park Pass. And today's video I am absolutely terrified to make. I'll tell you why as we get later on in this video, but I'm worried that it's going to have some bad repercussions, but it has to be made. Anyways, we need to talk about this. All right. 7 years ago, one of the very first videos I did here in Park Pass, I bought this souvenir, this pressed penny collection, this pressed coin collection. And I did a whole video on press pennies here in Disneyland and how to do it. And it's very and and I had a lot of people a lot of help learning about the research of press pennies, the history they have here at Disneyland. And it was amazing. It's a very popular video. I'm going to link this video cuz if you have not seen it, you need to see it. And at the very beginning of the video, I walked into this right over here and I [music] bought this press coin book and I went on an adventure of collecting a bunch of pressed pennies throughout Disney. Before I get started with press pennies, I want to get a press penny souvenir book. And you can get those right here in the amporium. So, let's go get one. Now, you don't need a press coin collection book in order to press coins at Disneyland. This is just a really convenient way to store your cool collection. It's empty now, but by the end of this video, we're going to fill this sucker up. I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, "Chris, I really want to collect some pressed pennies, but I don't have pennies." Who has pennies in these days? Well, not a problem. You can go to any store and ask for pennies. Not just ask. They won't give you pennies. But give them like a dime. They'll give you some pennies. Or dollar give you some pennies. Or you can go to the penny arcade with a quarter and go to the change machine and they'll give you change for just pennies. >> Here we go. >> Yeah. Now we have enough pennies to go press some pennies. Or if you want, we can watch a little video here at Penny Arcade. Something's happened. [music] There are no more press penny machines in Disney anymore. There is one. There's only one quarter machine left and it's going to be taken out soon. So, I'm going to show this to you guys now today. And you might be thinking, "Well, that's not true, Chris. I've seen these press penny machines." Well, if you remember that video, I walk right here and show you press penny machine. In that original video, I walk over here into the great moans with Mr. Lincoln and I buy some pennies. I get some smashed pennies and put them in this exact book. Let me show you this book here. I still have the pennies from this collection. Oh, here we go. It's hard to open. I still have them. I I love this collection. Disney has done something, though. And in fact, let me show you that video of when I walked in and show you the penny machines. So, the thing about collecting anything is you don't want to get overwhelmed. Start with something you enjoy. You can either collect by characters, you can collect by locations, or whatever you want. Even though there's only 26 machines in Disneyland, there's over 150 designs you can have cuz each machine has three or four different options. A really fun collection you can do is right when you first come into Disneyland in Main Street, USA on the right hand side where the Mad Hatter and the Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln is three machines here. This one right here. This has all the different lands, which is what I want to collect. This is the very first time I've ever pressed a penny in my life. So, let's do it together. First, you have to have two quarters. Then, the penny that you want to be smashed. [music] Oo, it's warm. See right there? Fantasy land. [music] And I have just completed my very first collection of Disneyland pressed pennies right here. Eight of them for the eight different lands. How cool is that? Only $48. All right, now we're going in doing the same thing. But Disney since two things happened. One, the pandemic. When that happened, people stopped using coins as much and coins weren't really as as popular and people weren't carrying them around. And the other thing is the government quit minting pennies. They don't mint pennies anymore. So, it's just not a lot of change anymore. Looks like you see the machines right here. This one here is the medallion machine. These are the collectible medallions. The coins are already there. Those medallion coins right there. Now, some of you might be, "Oh, Chris, what are you talking about?" The pressed penny machines right there. It says pressed coins. And you can order this right here. You touch a screen. There's eight different ones. You use your credit card. But guess what, guys? You can't put your own pennies in anymore. In fact, it technically doesn't even really use a penny anymore. The company that does these machines, they get the they're called slugs. They get these copper zinc slugs. They look like a penny that has not been stamped. Like, it's not been minted. So, there's no there's no Abraham Lincoln on it. It's just a solid um uh zinc copper circle. And they smash that and turn it into like this little pressed coin. So technically it's not even a press coin anymore. It's just it's just um it's just what they have what they do now. So you don't even you swipe your credit card. Boom. Credit card and out come the coins. Let me show you here. I'm going to touch a screen to begin here. Let's see if we touch the screen. Select your language. I'm going to go ahead and I'll take all eight of them for your Oh, all eight. I'm going to use credit card here. Okay. And the card is approved. Now, if you take a look here, it's going to go ahead. Your card will be charged $5. You're going to receive eight images. Here they go. All eight. Uh-oh. Oh, if you go look real quickly as it as the little as the little coin comes down, there's nothing on it. There doesn't It's not a real coin. They don't use pennies anymore, you kind of can see it uh as it goes through, but it's just literally uh copper zinc slug is what they call it. And this is what they are for the the press painting machines. Here they all are. >> Yeah. So, you don't even have to bring your own coins anymore. You used to have to buy bring your own coins. So, Oh, they're they're still warm. I love it when you do that. They're still warm. >> I'll show them to you. Here you go. This is what I got. See, it's got like one side and the other side just says like Disneyland. So, technically there are no more coins machines, press penny machines. They're just little copper zinc slugs that they use now. >> There's also ears all over the park, so we don't find any. >> All right, so Disney's changed it. They no longer use real coins except for one machine. There is one machine they have not changed out yet that still uses real coins. And that is a quarter machine. I'll show you that machine in just a little bit. Now, why am I nervous about making this video? It's complicated. Uh, beautiful Disney Disneyland. While we're walking, I'll do a little talking. I'm going take you down to my what used to be my very favorite Oh, wait, wait. I have to show you something here. The Oh, the penny arcade. I'm going to take you down to my what used to be my very favorite penny pressed penny machine. We'll take a look at that and then we'll come back and I'll show you where this last coin machine is. It used to be when the machines would take pennies, you would be able to take a quarter and go right here in the penny arcade and put your quarter in and you would get 25 pennies for uh smashing pennies making. And it was right here. Let me show you. Oh, they got little Pinocchio. And right here you can put your quarter in and you get the pennies. The only reason to use this machine now because you can't use it is actually they're gone. >> Oh, they have I don't even know why you would use that machine. They had like these little movie things you could watch over here and watch movies, but it looks like they're gone. Look at these medallions, though. They're color. I like those color medallions a lot. So, we come in here, you put your quarter in, get 25 pennies, they go up to press penny machines or you have these little like video things to watch movies, but they're completely gone. So, I bet you this machine is going to be taken out at some point because there's no reason to have pennies anymore here at Disneyland. Right next to the colored collectible medallions, you've got these ones over here. Press pennies. Again, of course, you can see they only accept cash and credit cards. No coins. You don't need a coin anymore to make a pressed penny. Why am I nervous to talk about this? Well, I'll tell you. So, a little while ago, I did a video and in the video I I did a this is a couple years ago. I talked about my very favorite treat. It is a tiger tail. And this ticker tail came with four marshmallows and the normal just a chocolate marshmallow came with three marshmallows and they were the same price. So, in that video, I'm like, "Always buy [music] the tiger tail because you get more value. You get an extra marshmallow for the same price as the other tail." Check that out. Now, >> now it's important to notice that this marshmallow treat cost $649. And this marshmallow tree costs $649, exact same price, but this one has four marshmallows. Why does the ticker tail have four marshmallows and this one only have three marshmallows and it's priced exactly the same? I don't know. I always recommend getting this one because you have the extra marshmallow, but it does have an orange flavor if you don't mind the orange flavor. >> All right, so here I am. I got the ticker tail and a chocolate marshmallow. You'll notice it's different sizes, same price. So, if you don't mind a little orange flavor, and I think the orange flavor is actually better. This is my favorite, one of my very favorite [music] treats. It's the same price as this one. Now, I actually have a helper here who wants to help me eat these treats. And my helper, though, prefers this one. [music] What can you do? And Amanda says the orange one's like fatter and bigger, too. I don't I don't Oh, he's already going for it. >> Well, once that video came out about 2 weeks later, the price increased of the tiger tails and a lot of people were like, "Chris, you ruined the tiger tail secret." I was like, "Oh, that's terrible." Won't this be the best job? They're just taking care of the little baby ducks. Oh, they're spreading all out. It's their job to >> keep the ducks so nobody steps on the ducks in accident. I made another video and in this video I showed how on Adventures Campus there was a children's t-shirt and this children's t-shirt had a little tiny hidden Easter egg saying that the Doc O virus has infiltrated the spiderbots and it literally pointed to Doc O in Avengers Campus. Well, I pointed that out. Nobody knew about that secret. I pointed that secret out about Doc O, the virus. And guess what happened after that video came out? Couple weeks later, all those shirts were gone and removed. I guess maybe Disney didn't want Doc O in Avengers Campus. Check that out. To reveal to you has never been revealed before. It's going to blow your mind. This is the proof to support my theory [music] that a major villain has taken over Avengers Campus. And you have to look in the children's clothing section. What? All right. If you look down at this shirt, and this is the only shirt that does it. This this particular design right there, a spiderbot diagnostics. Spiderbot mission support unit. NextG Assembly bot right there. Now, I'm going to hang it up here. [music] And you'll notice, oh my, there's printing on the back of this shirt. Let me hang it up so I can hold it. You got printing on the back of the shirt. And what does the printing say? Like thermal camera activated. We've got uh mode initialize and multi-tool. But [music] as you look down at the very bottom right here on this shirt right here, this is it. Replicate assembly focused AI error. And what does it [music] say? Rogue code found. Somebody has entered rogue code into the spiderbot. Who could have done it? Well, right down there, guys, it says Octavius Octavirus Doc. That's right. Doc O has infiltrated the Avengers campus. He's put his virus into these spiderbots. They're self-replicating because of Doc O. We have proof of it right here. Octava is see virus. V I R U S. The octavirus. Doc as in Doc. O. So anyways, present day uh actually 7 years ago I was working with a bunch of people and one was this press pennies and they have they they catalog all the machines. They they talk a lot about the pennies, the quality of pennies and different things um here at Disney and all these press pennies. Well, they reached out to me just a couple days ago and they said, "Hey, Chris, there's only one machine left that accepts coins and we know at some point it's going to go away. Will you make a video and document this for posterity?" And I was like, "Yeah, I can do that." And then I started thinking about it. I was like, I worry. I'm like, cuz if I make a video, and I told him this, I said, if I make a video, it might bring more attention to that machine and then it might be [music] taken off stage even quicker. And he agreed. And he's like, "Yeah, most likely." He goes, "But at least some people will be able to see it and it's documented for posterity sake." and he wanted me to get the word out to let as many people know if you want to get an authentic coin [music] uh coin souvenir at Disney, you better do it now because once this machine is gone, there are no more coin machines in Disney, Disney California Adventure, Downtown Disney, anywhere. This is the last one. So, I am taking you all the way down to show you what was my very favorite uh pressed penny machine. It was Splash Mountain. And it was really cool because it had a little penny that would go down its own Splash Mountain. So, let's go take a look at this uh press penny machine that's technically no longer a press penny machine. And then after that, I will walk you back to the one last remaining machine left. Did you guys ever collect the pennies? Um, have you ever done it? It's something you can do. It used to be, you know, it's fairly affordable as a souvenir. It used to be it cost 51 cents. Two quarters and a penny. Put the two quarters and the penny that you wanted to be smashed in the machine. You push it in and then that penny would come out smashed. And there's some fascinating history about these smashed pennies. And I'm going to show that to you now. Elongated coins or press pennies [music] have been around for a very long time. Supposedly, the very first person was a Vietnamese jewelry artist in Australia. He pressed the very first coins. It didn't hit America though until 1892 when Chicago [music] was doing the Colombian Exposition, which was celebrating 400 years since when Columbus landed in America. They pressed four coins [music] in 1892 showing Columbus reaching America. Those four coins are worth a lot of money. That's when pressed pennies started happening for real in America. All right, we're walking down here to Tiana's Bayou Adventure. And it's kind of interesting though cuz I was watching that old video I did the press pennies 7 years ago. Disney, you don't realize how much Disney changes. It just changes. It's constantly evolving. Now, I'm going to show you this ticker tail before I get this last one. This is maybe I made a mistake by showing this, but now the price has been increased. So there's the normal one. It was 7. Now it's $7.79 for three marshmallows and a tiger tail is $8.29. >> Price difference. All right, we're going to walk into the exit of Tiana's uh bayou, the Splash Mountain. Tiana's Bayou Adventure. And this was right here at the exit was where my very favorite machine was. They still have the pressed coins right here. And it was themed to Splash Mountain. And as they go down, you can see that the little They don't do it anymore. This doesn't have anymore. It just uh makes a little sad. They had that penny would drop down. Oh, shoot. I'll show you that penny again. Now, I want to show you what I think is the best press penny machine in all of Disneyland. [music] It's at the exit of Splash Mountain. The reason this one is so cool is when you put the penny in, the penny goes down and makes you Splash Mountain. I'm going to select Splash Mickey and it makes a little sound like woo. There it is. Now, when I was filming this, I actually had a chance. I ran into a person who's doing maintenance on the machines. the the press they're called they're called they're not called press penny machines anymore they're press token machines I guess and I asked them like uh what are these like these little copper slugs and they said yes there's nothing's pressed on them and but they told me what they feel is the most beautiful uh medallions are in the park are in downtown Disney at the Star Wars Emporium so maybe I'll show that at the end of the video they said those are the very best medallions and they don't get a lot of attention because they're in a park. All right, so this last coin machine is located in Disney California Adventure. I'm going to walk there now. I had to wait for the time, but allow me to park hop over there. So, let's go take a look at the very last coin machine. And I have some coins here, some quarters that we will squish and turn into some coins. The very last machine. A couple years ago, I did a video here about the King Arser carousel, and there's a little teeny tiny mistake on the carousel. They had the wrong banner and the wrong shield, and I just noted that. I didn't think anything of it. I thought it was a cool little thing. Like, hey, check this out. Well, uh, apparently people watch that video and then they started submitting requests to Disney and asking Disney to change the banners. So, then Disney ended up changing banners and they let me know like, "Hey, the banner's been fixed. You can let your you can let your viewers know." So, that's why I'm kind of worried about showing this last coin machine cuz I wonder if it was just overlooked on the stake and now it's going to be gone. Yeah, these are the banners that uh had some errors on them. I can show you that clip now. Now, I'm going to show you the innocent mistake that Dizzy made. And I don't blame anybody for making a mistake cuz it's really I mean anybody could do this. This is Morid Shield, a two-headed bird. And here is [music] Sargeras. It looks very similar to Morid. See, but just it's got like a log in the center. Above each of the shields, they have their flags representing them. And look, they accidentally put [music] Morid's flag above Sargera. See how it has a log there? And that does not have the log. And right here, you can see Morid's shield, but look up at his flag. [music] They have Sargera's flag. I mean, it's so similar. Anybody can make that mistake. It's got the log. There's no log on the shield. There's a log. There's no log. There's a lock. There's no lock. I know what some of you might be saying, but what are the rest of flags? Oh, the rest of flags are all fine. There's a chevron. There's Shirini. I mean, I don't even know what that is. That That's [music] really bugging me, man. I've searched so hard to find that, guys. Okay, let's walk into Disney California Adventure. This [music] is also kind of a good time. We show you a little bit of Disneyland. This the omnibus double-decker. And of course, you got the horse carriage. Can you hear that clip clap of the horse's feet? I'm going to walk. See if I can walk. He's a titch. I don't have to run. So you hear that clipclop cuz I love that sound. Can you hear that sound? It's one of the best Disneyland sounds. I love it. And we are going to walk right down Main Street. As you can see, there's our friend Steven. He's driving the He's driving the fire truck. I always would love I would have loved to have [music] been a driver on Main Street on those old timey vehicles, but at the same time, I think I would be so nervous to do that. I've talked to a lot of drivers like, "Do you get nervous?" And they're like, "Oh, yeah." They're like, "When you first start, it's very nerve-wracking." But then they're like, "You get used to it." Just like traffic. Moving on down here, you can see that they still have the 70th celebration bunting up. It's going to be up until August. >> You know, Walt Disney when he designed this idea of this main street going down to Hub had never been done before. But boy, he just understood that walking down this main street completely immerses you into Disneyland. You forget about your problems. You just kind of like, "Okay, let's just go have a nice day." Hi. Let's just have a good day and enjoy it. I used to edit these things out, but I had some people tell me, they're like, "Hey, I have certain reasons that preclude me from traveling. Maybe a health issue or a family issue or and they're like, so we love it when you just kind of show the floating camera moving around so that we can see everything." So, yes. Hi. How are Oh, we got We got the red >> and there's Kella. >> Oh, she looks >> looking good. >> I like it. >> Thank you. >> The tie is important. >> It's always important. >> So, we're going down here. Anyways, I was saying that they some people have commented. They're like, "Hey, we like so you like it when you show." >> Last call for the Disneyland. for a complete >> Hi, how are you? >> Like I was saying is that these people said they enjoy it. They they're like I can't get to Disney. So, it's fun for me to see what it's like. As you can see, it's park hopping time. So, I think people from Disney California Adventure are coming over here and then people from here are going over there. So, there's a little bit of line to get in. Yeah, you can see the lines cuz it just barely the park hours just flipped. It's 11:00. Josh, tomorrow did announce that they're going to be getting rid of the time to park hop sometime in 2026. We don't know when, but eventually you'll be able to just park hop up anytime. You won't have to wait till 11:00. This structure here, the center of course in the esplanon, this is for Disney California Adventure. I'm sorry, for the Disneyland 70th anniversary. [music] And it's got it's got uh little flags to the different lands like Frontier Land, Fantasy Land, Main Street. [music] Lots of people come out here and take photos of it. And then at night time it's lit up really well. They have the lights. So it's always looks it always pops in [music] photos, particularly in the evening. Okay, we're now going into Disney California for Adventure. This is the home of the last coin machine. True coin machine. All right, we are now here in Disney California Adventure, the home of the last true coin machine. This is it. Now, they are going to be getting me rid of it. That's a guarantee. How long is it going to last? I don't know. Yeah. >> Uh, it's one of the reasons I wanted to talk about this is because if you you want to come down and maybe see it and get a get a smashed quarter, you have to do it soon. It's the very last one. I hope this video doesn't expedite that process. I hope that this coin machine stays here. I enjoyed walking around with pennies in my pockets and getting those coins. You can now do it now. You don't need to have the coins with you. Feels a little different, but doesn't mean it's a bad thing. >> All right, I've got some quarters and I have some dollar bills. Uh there are three different patterns you can do on this machine that So, I have actually have five quarters. Let's see if you can see those. Oh, >> I just dropped my quarter. Hold on. I was trying to show you >> the gimbal wouldn't tip down enough. I was trying to show you the quarter I dropped. The years of the quarters that I have are 1990. The next quarter I have is 2021. This one here is Liberty Dollar. This was 2000. This is got South Carolina on the back. This one here is also another Liberty dollar on the back of it. It is North Carolina 20 2001. And my last quarter is 2021. So, I got two 21s. I got a 1990 and then two 2001s, I guess, or whatever those were. I'm not sure. Five quarters to squash. I love it that the water's running again in that waterfall. And here we go. In order to find the last machine, you have to turn left here and go into Yep. Avengers Campus. This is where the last machine is located. I hope [music] I was I told you I talked to like the maintenance person and they're like, "Are you filming this?" I said, "Yes." And they're like, "Why?" And I was like I was kind of nervous to say. I'm like, "Well, the last machine." They laughed. They're like, "Yeah, it's there." [music] They They said it's going to be leaving. I'm like, "Yeah, do you know when?" They're like, "No." So, okay, let's go on down here. What's interesting is you can go on the app, the Disneyland app, and it shows you where all the coin machines are [music] located. But this particular coin machine is not listed on the app and it's still located down here at Adventures Vault. [music] So yeah, if you go on the app, you can't even see it. I think that's in preparation for leaving. All right, we're walking right here to Avengers Vaults. There are three different characters that you can get. Of course, since we are in Avengers Campus, they're going to be three Marvel characters. These will be the last ones you get. So, your actual quarter will be smooshed [music] with an Avengers character if you come down and do this. Here we go. We got to find the machine [music] in the store here. Here we go. Here we go. Here [music] we go again. We're looking for the machine. Where [music] is it? Oh, it's right over here. So, it costs four quarters to do. I only have five quarters. So, but I have some dollar bills. Let's see if I can get some change. So, I got some new coins. [music] And the recommendation was use the shiniest coin for the one on the left. That's the one that's going to get squished. [music] This is it. The last machine. >> You put in three quarters. The one on the left, that's the one that's going to get smooshed. You have an option. Captain America, >> Black Widow, or Spider-Man. [music] >> Here we go. [music] >> Let's see. I think this is the shiniest one. This coin that's going to be switched is a 2024. [music] >> Okay. >> [music] >> Quarter's right there. Let's do Spider-Man first. >> There goes my quarter. Oh. When it comes out, it's warm. Hold on. There's my quarter. Spider-Man. And the back side. Um, >> Marvel. >> All right, let's do another one. Let's do The one that's going to be squished is Yep. The one's going to be squished is the 2018. And this [music] looks like I don't know what this is. Voyagers. Here we go. I don't know. I do Black Widow. Yeah. And this when it comes out, it is warm. >> It's a lot of energy has been expelled. [music] >> Oh my god. >> Black Widow. >> Let's do the last one. >> So, the last one I'm going to do, I'm going to do 1990 for Captain America. It's not the shiniest, but it's the oldest one I have. And Captain America was putting like that, you know, cryo whatever and slept and he's older. So I figure it seems makes more sense to me. [music] There's our 1990 coin. Here comes Captain America. >> Let's see if you can see that right there. Is that upside down? There we go. [music] >> [music] >> You You can see there's all three. You kind of still on the Black Widow towards the top. You kind of still see the ridge of the quarter. See if I can get that a little [music] bit closer. Let's see if I can get that. See that little ridge kind of little popped out there? And even on the sides, you can see the kind of the edges of the quarter. I found out that the word they call when it's just a slug, it's called a planchette when there's nothing on it. So eventually there will be hope hopefully it's a while. If you want to get these, come do it now because eventually they'll be putting planets in here. You won't be able to use your [music] own quarters. >> Okay. I've got my uh souvenir book. [laughter] >> I'm going to put my quarters in that souvenir book. So, we have it. The last quarter machine, the last actual coin machine. [music] I'm putting the quarters in. And here we go. >> Put right here. And on this book, on the book here on the one page, it's a little bit wider for quarters. [music] I'm going to put Captain America over here. [music] Then I'll put Black Widow. The Black Widow coin is probably my favorite cuz you could tell, you can obviously tell this Black Widow coin that it [music] was a quarter. This [music] is it. This is the last coin operated machine. It's Avengers themed. You look around the bottom of it. There's your buttons. There's where the quarters [music] go. >> Here's the messages. >> And uh as you see, here's the side artwork on this side, too. This is it. >> The very final one, guys. [music] I mean, anywhere. This is it. You're down here at Disney. >> Do you plan on trying to come down if you're local or you come a lot to Disney? Are you going to try to get those quarters uh in Avengers Campus? If you are, put it down in the comments down below. And if you can only get one, which one do you think is the best? Uh, I was really thinking Captain America's be best. I love the fact that the Black Widow one, the edges kind of didn't smash it perfectly. So, you you could really identify that it's a quarter. Uh now, here's what I'm going to do. I am going to go now to Downtown Disney to the Star [music] Wars trader area because that one uh technician told me that those Star Wars [music] coins, medallions, excuse me, medallions are the best looking ones. So, just for fun, let's go take a look at those. Just going to walk right down here. walk right out and they go to Downtown Disney now. Cars Land. Sorry. Oh, wa. I don't want that. Sorry. Uh Monsters Inc. right back there has been announced it's going to be open till the end of 2026. It was going to be closed earlier um in preparation for I think Avatar, but uh it has now been extended for another year till the end of this year. Which makes you wonder is like cuz I know that Bob Iger is the one who loved Avatar and maybe Josh's not such a big fan of it. Maybe they're like thinking like ah maybe not. Okay, this is really good place here. I just had this cute little family come up and ask for a photo. And then when they were done, they kept they apologized. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. You do not have to apologize. If you ever see me in the park, you are welcome to come up. Even if I'm filming, just come up and talk to me. And I know there are some people out there who say this to me. They're like, "I wanted to get a photo with you, but I'm shy." If you are shy, you just walk up to me and say, "Hi, I'm shy." At that point, I will take over the conversation. I'll ask you what your name is. I'll ask you if you want to get a photo together. And I'll just ask you maybe like what's your favorite thing at Disneyland is. And you can answer any of those questions or none of those questions um if you're shy. But I love it if you'd like to come say hi to me. Don't Yeah, it's okay. And I'll handle the conversation even if you're shy. It's always a pleasure for me to get [music] a chance to talk with you guys. It's gotten really hot. I got my sun umbrella um to kind of help me out with the shade cuz it's got so hot. All right, let's go to Downtown Disney to the Star Wars training and take a look at these uh medallion coins that I was told are supposed to be the prettiest of the medallion coins. And >> [music] >> uh we'll see. You can tell me if you think they're the prettiest or not. Then after that, I need to talk to you guys. These are the ticket booths here. They're doing massive constructions. So that way you have the new Porto coming here. The Bakery Cafe will be in right there in that area and it is close. That's uh close here to Disney California Adventure. We're walking down here to the Star Wars Emporium. I'm looking at that sign there. Porto showing some amazing pastries and stuff. And I just really quickly I thought, you know what? You know what's important to me in life? Like I feel like there are certain things that it's important to have good quality and the first is is socks. I think it's good to have good quality socks. Your feet will thank you. So I always like to get good quality socks. The other is um soap. Good quality soap in the shower makes all the difference for me. I love it. And then uh also traveling. traveling something I just think it's worth it to have those uh experiences. So those are things and then lastly [music] of course you know food. I think food is I wasn't much of a foodie until I met um until I met my wife. She loves food so much [music] and um she thinks about it. She talks about it and she appreciates it and it's really given me a better understanding of enjoying food. Before I married my wife, for me, food was just a fuel. I would just eat something. I didn't even care what it was. Just a little fuel to go on. But now, I've wanted to appreciate a good meal. So, those are my things. I think I have literally no idea why I'm talking about this. We're here. Little kiosks. Hey, how's it going? Little kiosk down here. Coming up to the Starbucks and we're walk all the way down here. >> Okay, we're coming down here. Is the Crazy Shake moving right down here. It's kind of crazy. That's where uh Tortilla Joe's used to be right ahead and now it's just fence. Splitsville's down there. They have like dining. They also have bowling and like a bar. And the food's reasonably priced. Beignet Express right here. Jazz Kitchen. I've only eaten here at one time and um it was with Tom Wilson. You guys know Tom Wilson from Back to the Future and he and I had lunch here. We're just kind of just chitchatting talking. He was giving me a bunch of grief. He's like, "Good grief, Chris." He's like, it's like I had to walk five miles after I parked my car to come here. I was like, "I'm sorry." Come down here. We got the Lego store. and uh the Montreal station. There's the Lego store. And then here is the Montreal. This is also for those of you who like pin trading. This is an excellent area to come down. Pin traders right down here. So, we're going to continue on down here. Okay. Just got down here. Just took my umbrella down cuz I want to show you this area. They're really revitalizing this whole area. Here's a Star Wars Depot. The Lululemon store. But we're going to turn right here and we're going to go. >> Hey. Yeah. Okay. I have to go in here to the Star Wars trading post. >> Oh, the collectible diamonds are right over here. I can see them, but people are standing there. So, can I tell you something funny that just happened? So, I was just standing right outside store and like this teenage boy, super confident, really cool, he just comes running over. like, "Dude, dude, I love your videos." And like we went to like I I thought he shake his hands, but then he wanted to like class like, you know, like up top and I kind of fumbled that and then we tried to shake his hands and I'm like, "Dude, this guy is like there's nothing worse than when like a teenager is so cool. You're trying to be cool and it's an adult you can't even shake hands." All right, I think the medallion machine is open. Okay, so these are the collectible medallions. They have the light side and the dark side on them. So you see like you have like Darth Maul and Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan. There's Vader and Luke. And then over here you got Palpatine and Yoda and Kylo and Ray. So you can see um they're different colors. >> That's That is cool depending which one you get. >> No. Probably the Vader and Luke maybe. >> Those are cool. >> Which one would you get? >> Okay. So, I was going to go buy one, but if you use a credit card, it you only option you have is a $30 for four or you do one for eight. I just wanted to get the one, but if you do the credit card, it is it's the only option you have is the 30 for four and I only wanted a one. Luckily, I brought $1 bills because I wanted to for the for the coins and I happen to have eight $1 bills on me. So, I'm going to try to feed these in and see if I could get this to work. So, $1 in, $2 in, $3 in. Oops. $2 in three. Sometimes vending machines don't work with me very well. >> Let's see here. Four. Got it. >> This is riveting content. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. >> Vader looks good. [music] >> Luke looks awesome. Double-sided, light side, dark side medallions. [music] >> Do you guys want some really cool Star Wars trivia? Do you know where Darth Vader gets his lightsaber from? The Darth Maul. Everything was half off. What? >> I don't think this is the time for that type of humor. >> All right, guys. I have to find a little spot where I can sit down just chitchat with you for a second. I'm down. This is perfect. This is the Downtown Disney District. Oh, perfect benches. I think I'll sit under the tree. Oh, maybe that looks good. I think after this I need to go get some water. I feel a little dehydrated. Um, but this will give me a moment. Right now, you have my full attention and I am only talking to just you right now. I want you to know how amazing you are. You make the world better. You matter. You really do. You are awesome. And if you are struggling and you're having a hard time, this might have been a difficult year for you. Maybe financially you're you're you're struggling, maybe your health isn't where you want to be, maybe your relationship is a little bit awkward or unfulfilling, or maybe at work you're working really hard and nobody appreciates the work or effort you put in. I want you to know that you matter. You are awesome. Things will get better. You deserve happiness. Do not be afraid of success. Go for it. And if you're struggling with depression or sadness, melancholy, it's okay to get help. Get it. I had to and you can too. Life is life is good. Life is good and you make it better. Thank you so much for watching. I hope you've enjoyed this video. Can you do me a couple of small favors? One, hit the like button. It's free. Number two, go ahead and subscribe. We have way more content coming out. And that's also free. I got to get some water, guys. I am dehydrated. I want you to know how amazing you are. I will see you in the next couple of videos. Seriously, hit the like and subscribe. I'll see you soon, guys. Bye-bye. That's the very last quarter machine in Disneyland. There's going to be no more cod machines. There are no more penny machines. There's no more nickel machines and the dime machines are absolutely all gone. Hey Patreon, thank you so much. We couldn't do these videos without you. We love you guys. And if you want to become a patron, click the link down below. You will never regret get it and get behind the scenes content just exclusively for you. Click the link down below.
