---
video_id: gA8v6PzSr7Y
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "BREAKING NEWS Bob Iger Is Back! Disneyland IS Changing FORVER"
published: 2026-04-01
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gA8v6PzSr7Y
---
Hello everybody. You're watching Park Pass and we have breaking news here. This story just broke a few hours ago. It was reported on CNBC, NBC, ABC, uh CBS, and Nickelodeon. Bob Iger is back, baby. Bob Iber Iger is back. As I was state the story, it is April 1st. Don't forget that Bob Iger is now back. And a lot of you are thinking, wait, didn't Bob Iger didn't he just leave as a CEO of Disney? He did, but they had an emergency session. the board voted him back. He is he's not the CEO. He's now the president of Disneyland and Bob Iger says that he's going to be making sweeping changes. He's going to be focusing strictly on Disneyland. Josh Dearo is still the CEO of Disney, but Bob Iger is completely 100% in charge now of Disneyland. And yet and in in a press release just a few moments ago, Bob Iger says he'll be doing sweeping changes across Disneyland to make it a better experience for each one of us, whoever all of us that go to Disneyland. And these are some really crazy changes. Some of them I understand, some of them I'm like, "Wow, this is this is amazing." First one he said is that they're going to be instig starting tomorrow in and they're rolling it out in two lands to test it in Adventureland and in Toontown. They're gonna be putting a speed walk um speed limit in Adventureland. Um Bob Iger says everybody knows Adventure Land is very crowded and congested. There will be a minimum of a 4 mph speed that you have to maintain as you walk through Adventureland. If and they will have little officers there. If you fall below the 4 mph uh speed limit, you'll be cited and for the next 90 days, anything you purchase in Disneyland will be 20% more. So you have an incentity to keep walking in a fast time. Do not loiter in Adventureland. Know exactly where you want to go before you go Adventure Land. On the flip side of that though, in Toontown, the speed limit now is a maximum of 4 miles per hour. Bob Iger says, "Have you been to Toontown lately? You see how crazy it is out there? We need to slow it down, bring you down. You cannot exceed 4 miles an hour. If you do, again, they'll have officers there. You'll be given a citation and a ticket. And if you break the speed limit in Toontown, you'll be charged 25% more on anything you purchase in Disneyland. food, tickets, merchandise for the next 90 days. This goes into effect tomorrow. The speed walking limits in Adventureland and Toontown, those are the only two lands currently having this the uh the speedw walking limits. They're testing it out to make sure that the flow goes through better in Adventureland. And we kind of slowed down a little bit in Toontown. Another announcement that Bob Iger, and this is going to be a game changer, you can now mobile order your bathroom stall that you want to have. You go on the app, you can find out whichever bathroom stall you want. As long as it's available, you can you can book it. You book at a time that you want it. And that stall will be now be yours for four minutes. It is completely free to do this. But there is a small catch. If you go over the four-minute time limit, you are charged $2 a minute to use the stall. It's a duce a minute. So you you have to go in there, make sure you plan your time wisely. The first four minutes are free. Anything after that is going to cost you $2 per minute. You can now reserve whichever stall that you want on the app. Mobile order a stall this way. You just plan it out like, "Oh, I need this at 11:58." Boom, boom, boom, boom, boop. You find that that will start. You'll be able to You already find that on the app. It's already out there. It's called stall order and it's on the app. You can reserve it for any time. There is a no show fee though. If you do not show in the stall when you reserve it, there is a fee. They didn't say what the fee was, but it says our fee will be associated with this and that'll be rolled out at a later date. So don't you don't want to uh reserve something and then not use it. Bob Iger also said in a statement earlier this morning that he wants that wants it's a Small World to be completely inclusive of the entire world. The new he's going to be re revamping the um It's a Small World is going to be closed down. It'll be reopening up on May 2nd. It's going to be long 48 minutes long. 48 minutes long. It's going to include every country in the world except for Iowa. Bob Iger said when it was pointed out to Bob Iger that Iowa is not a country, Bob Iger just laughed and says, "Yeah, have you ever been to Iowa? They think they're a country." So there's that. So now it's a small world. It's going to be 48 minutes long, including every country in the world except Iowa. It's got 17 new verses of song. Uh that's going to be debuting on May 2nd. So you'll be able to see the brand new It's a Small World, all inclusive world except Iowa. Another thing is Pandora is now dead, completely dead in the water. Uh Bob Iger loves Pandora. We all know that Bob Iger loves Pandora and Bob Iger says that Pandora is no longer going to be happening. That they're going to be revamping it to Rescuers Down Under. Rescuers Down Under. When Mandy spokesperson was talking, she says, "You know, when people do those guest satisfaction surveys, the one thing the number one thing they get requests for is rescues down under, more merch, more meet and greets, a land." And Bob Iger says, "We finally hear you." He goes, "Yes, Pandora was a pet uh project of mine, and I love Pandora, but I hear you. I know what you want, and we'll be doing a rescuers down under. All of it's gonna be included with waterfalls and boat rides and like uh hang gliding and Joanna the the lizard's going to be there. And he says it's going to be the most immersive land that Disney has ever done. Rescuers Down Under will be opening up on May 8th of this year coming up real quickly. So the work has already the ground is apparently has been broken on this and Bob Iger is super excited to be announcing this happening. Rescuers down under there. Also, uh, Shelley Splainer, she was she does a, uh, me, uh, PR and social media for Disney. She says that one of the complaints that they've been getting a lot lately is that families with young toddlers, uh, are feeling left behind. They feel all these new attractions and, all the new things that are coming into Disney are for older kids and for adults and that the toddlers are being left behind. And so Bob Iger says after he received this information, he knew exactly what he had to do. And he's revamping Guardians of the Galaxy and he's making this a brand new toddler ride. And it's going to be called Winnie the Poo Poo Drop. Winnie the Poo Poo Drop. It's for toddlers. It's going to be sponsored by Huggies. Huggies will be sponsoring this. The ride will take toddlers up to the top of the tower and it'll slowly go down like this working everything out like as the toddlers are slowly going down they'll be able to watch a movie about the benefits of broccoli and prunes and it talks about the benefits of being potty trained. So this is a big step forward for uh Disney kind of stepping in there to help families. So they have the brand new Winnie the Poo poo drop will be taking over uh Guardians of the Galaxy Mission Breakout. Bob Iger said he's pleased to be uh pandering to the young families. He knows that these young children who go on the way to the poo drop will one day grow up and will want to reserve stalls using the mobile stall order and also they'll want to be going on the speed walking and going and do all these brand new attractions here within Disneyland. Let me know down in the comments down below what do you think so far. I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, "Well, that's so many announcements." But wait, there's more. Bob Iger was on a roll this morning making these announcements and Nickelodeon was the first one to break in. I'm exactly I'm happy to share with you. So you are now the first to know these other announcements because this is coming fast and furious from Bob Iger. Disneyland's completely being rehauled. Not this is it. Haunted Mansion is now going to be double time. So you know we go through it's going to go through twice as fast. The loading process is going to be a little more intense. You're going have to run to get into the dune buggy. by Bob Iger explained, "If we get people on and off twice as fast and the ride goes through twice as fast through the whole ride, it'll be a much better experience for everybody. That's gonna really speed up the line at the Haunted Mansion and make a huge impact there in New Orleans Square. I'm all for it." Bob Iger also announced they're going to be doing a collaboration with Home Depot and they're going to be selling Dole Whip showerheads where you can shower and smell like Dole Whip through the shower head. And this is going to be coming out on May 8th. Dole Whip showerheads. Uh by Vag. He's thinking outside the box. He knows exactly what you want, what I want. I'm going to get one of those dough whip shower heads. That is for sure. There is a brand new ticket. There's the annual passes, the magic keys that we like to call them. And this is called the EO key. EO key. And this is going to be going on sale on May 8th. And the EO key is called entertainment only. I think that's a throwback to Captain Eio. This pass will allow you go into any Disney park and you can watch the parades, you can watch the fireworks show, and you can watch fantastic. You cannot ride the rides and it does not include World of Color, the watercolor show, for whatever reason. It says if you try to watch a watercolor show with the EO only pass, you will be escorted from the park. So, if you want if you aren't if you like do not like rides, you're like, I don't want to do any rides, but I want to see all the entertainment, you should probably buy the EO magic key. The EO magic key. So, this is I mean, this is changing. Bob Iger is coming in. He's changing everything and it's making all this these new changes to this one for my wife. She loves this. They are introducing a bottomless That's right. Hear me out. A bottomless popcorn bucket. All the refills you want it is. There is literally no bottom in the popcorn bucket. It's just a cylinder like this. You have to put your hand on the bottom of that. When they put the popcorn in, they pour the popcorn in. You have to block the popcorn falling out with your hand. But you can get it refilled as many times as you want as long as you block the bottom. So it's a bottomless cylinder, the bottomless popcorn bucket that'll be going on sale April 1st in Disneyland, too. And so it's a nice little teal color and it's great. Uh but this bottomless popcorn bucket, I mean, it's you can get all the popcorn you want. They have you have to put your hand on the bottom of that and they'll do that. Disney on Bob Iger says, "I know what you want. My I've seen my grandkids do it. I know what you do it." And he goes, "You want more screens?" You know, apparently when people go to Disneyland, they're always on their phones. They like screen attractions. When they're watching parades, they want to watch on their phones. So, you can now watch all the parades while you wait in the line for the parades. You can watch the prays on an iPad. If you don't have an iPad, you can rent one. And it's not just for parades. You can also watch your fireworks shows and also the the Duffy and Friends Cavalcade on the iPads. You can rent the iPads, stand there where where the prey goes by. Rather than watching the prey go by, you look at on an iPad and see it in clear uh vision, 4K vision right there on the iPad. This is cutting edge technology only at Disneyland. If if it works out well there, it looks like they might be rolling it out to other parks, but they're starting this iPad only immersion, more screen time in Disneyland only. And the last announcement that Bob Iger made is that Tiana's uh adventure is being rethemed to Goofy's the Goofy Movie and that 50 foot plunge is going to drop you right into Power Line, the Powerline concert. This is a big deal here. They're retheing that whole thing and so I'm excited to see what's going to happen here. Thank you guys so much. Let me know what change are you most excited for. Welcome back, Bob Iger. We're happy to have you back. You are on fire making all these changes. Wow, Disneyland is going to be it's going to be crazy. Remember, today is April 1st. Be cool. Don't be fooled. I'll see you in the next video.
