---
video_id: oelfEwLUlv8
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "I Get Home From Disneyland Paris And Amanda Leaves Me"
published: 2026-03-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oelfEwLUlv8
---
Hey, you're watching Park Pass. My name is Chris. I'm going to be traveling. Crazy travel day. I'm in Amsterdam, but I want to show you one of the coolest clocks ever here at the Amsterdam airport. So, this is a clock here at the Amsterdam airport. You kind of see a a worker standing in the back and every minute he erases the line and puts a new line up there. It's a screen, but it looks so real. I love this little detail. So, I am going to be traveling back. If you guys watched my video yesterday, it was Oh, let's see here. He's getting ready to race the line. There he goes. He's erasing it. He's got to clean it off. He's got to put a new line. I just think it's really innovative that they did this. There's the new line. does that every minute at screen. This has been a little frustrating for me this morning. So, I um stayed right here at the airport Sherin. So, I'm very close to the and I'm already very close to the airport obviously. And then when I got here, I checked in fine. Then I went through security. So my bag, you know, when you sometimes go through TSA, it gets flagged. So it got flagged and then they they went and I was confused. I was like, "Well, why would that be flagged? I don't have any liquids in it." And then they said, "Oh, it just didn't take an image." So they had to res but I had to wait forever for the worker to come get my bag. Then once the worker got my bag, he's like, "Oh, we just have to rescan it." So they went to rescan it and that took a long time. Then we had to go to get go through customs. Normally customs always a little bit of a wait, but so when you go through customs, if you are if you have like a a European passport and some other countries and America or an American passport and everybody in your party is over the age of 14, you can go through this expedited uh customs. Well, that machine was working for every country but the United States. So the line So they had to hand check everybody's passport. The line was mammoth. So it took maybe 50 minutes to get through the passport. Maybe not maybe not quite that long, but it felt long. And it just all a lot of bunch of Americans are like, "What's going on?" Like it's frustrating. I get that. Um, and then once I got through, I uh was coming to my gate, which is right there. I have I'm a little bit I have 10 minutes before the gate opens, before they board us. So, I'm going to go down and get some uh um water. Um I got mixed around, turned around, and I ended up getting in the wrong line. So, so I was waiting the wrong line. I was like, "Oh my gosh, what am I doing?" So, yeah, long morning. These are some options. And I'm going to come down here and get some choco. This is a drink here in the in the Netherlands. Frisky. And I love it. And when uh but apparently only children drink it, but I love it. Ah, airport life. Okay, so let's go back down to my gate area. And uh I think I actually walk through here the back gates maybe. I'm not sure. Uh, but with my luck, I've been getting lost. So, maybe I shouldn't deviate off the path too much. So, yeah. Oh, I maybe I can't get through. Of course. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. Now, I know that some of you might be like, "Man, I wish you got more Disney Paris content." Well, if that's the case, you need not worry because I have a secret to reveal here at the end of this video about that. I think everybody's just waiting. We're all tired. Everybody's just waiting to catch their flights. I'm going to go got a little seat. So, I have my choco milk. There it is. It's really good. It's kind of a thick chocolate milk. Now, European countries do this like when you twist the lid off, it still stays attached. You can't breathe it off. The first time I did that, I was like twisting. I'm like, "Why is my lid not coming off?" But they do that so the caps don't fall off. And that way when you throw the bottle away, it throws the cap away with it. That's very smart, but sometimes a little annoying cuz it like the lid touches you. There's the plane that we'll be flying on. Looks like the pilots are on board doing all the stuff, checking, everything ready to go. So for me, so for me, one of the hardest things about flying is my whole life kind of always had a little bit of a dry cough and it just comes up every once just a little cough and it's like I think it's maybe almost more um more habit now than anything and um I get so self-conscious of that now especially if I'm not by an airplane or in an enclosed face always kind of messes with my mind. So then sometimes I try not to I'll feel like a little tiny like my body wants to do that little cough I do. So I'll sit there and I'll hold it and I won't I just like hold it. That usually makes it worse. Then I go into a coughing fit and that's the worst thing to have happen. Oh. So I just looked at my seat assignment. I am in a middle row and the flight's very full. So that means I'll have people by me the entire time. So I probably won't do a lot of filming on the plane. um because I don't want to, you know, bother them. If maybe if they get up and go to the bathroom or something and have a moment, I might say hi. But you know how it is. It's time we get boarded. I'm going to go and uh get home see my wife, see my son, and yeah, we're very excited. Okay, I'm boarded. I have nobody seen next to me yet. I have this little eye thing that goes around the back of my seat. It holds my head in place so I can sleep. Hopefully get some good sleep. I'm actually a little cold, but I already put my my coat up. So, I got to figure that out. Let's do this. Thanks for being with me today. I appreciate that. I'm exhausted um from this trip. Super exhausted. Okay, so I have been asleep this entire time. I fell asleep before the flight even took off. I have this little headband thing on to hold your head in place while you're sleeping. And I fell asleep and I just woke up. I'm I feel I have a little bit of a headache. I think I'm dehydrated. Need you need to get some water, but come along. I was exhausted. So, here we are. flew up over the top. So, three more hours of flight. Okay, landed. I'm here in Salt Lake City and uh got to get my bag and go through customs. Now, I know, like I said, I have kind of a big announcement. For the big announcement, guys, you know, it's you know, I know you know how I just said Design Paris. Well, Amanda has been invited to go. So Amanda's going to be going to Disney Paris. Yeah. Like so you're going to get more Disney Paris content, but you're going to see it from her point of view. You're going to see everything from what she's thinking, what she what she likes, what she doesn't like. So that's So make sure you subscribe for that because she's going to be taking over the whole channel. Okay. So the trick with customs is cuz it gets really long, the line gets really long. What you do is right when you get off, if you have to go to the bathroom, you go to the bathroom cuz you cannot go through customs unless you have your suitcase. So that way you while you're waiting for the suitcase to come, you go do your bio release. Then you grab your suitcase and you beline it straight to the um to the line. Don't grab your luggage then go to the bathroom because the longer you wait to get your luggage, the longer the line's going to get. There comes my bag. Let's go. All right, we are here. Made it. Got through customs easy. Uh my mom's actually picking me up. Amanda is not here right now, so she can't pick me up. Hopefully she brought Cabo, our dog, so I can see Cabo. And um Amanda will be getting ready and taking you guys to Disneyland Paris. She's going to be doing a solo trip and showing you everything, which is going to be really fun cuz she looks at things differently than I do. So, it's like all new content. And yeah, hit the like, hit subscribe, you know the deal by now. All right, let's go down and uh find my mom. I felt like I did really well on that flight. I slept for almost 6 hours, which is great. All right, here we are. I got to look wait for my mom and then uh that's the plan. We have more content coming out about Disneyland. Got a bunch of Disney stuff to show you. Some good Disney videos. Everybody loves Disneyland content, of course. So, we're doing that as well. If there's anything in particular that you want me to show, like uh some secret to reveal, uh let me know and I can research it and if I I'm not going to if I can verify it, then I'll do it. Or if you just want some history on something, let me know as well in the comments down below. And uh all right. Uh just get my mom here so I can head home. Got my mom here. She's picking me up. And we also got >> Cabo. Let's see. Oh, there she is. Hi, Cabo. >> Yeah. Oh, sweet. >> Yeah. I'm glad to be home. Glad to be home. >> Ah, I'm going to Disneyland Paris. >> She's going to Disneyland Paris. >> Oh, this is insane. So Chris got back and now it's my turn. So I'm Amanda. If people don't know who I am, I'm Chris's wife. You guys get to come along with me for a couple of days. I am holding you hostage and then I promise I am handing you right back over to the man, the myth, the legend, Chris. >> Oh my gosh. I just got back yesterday and we're in my Dutch pinball museum and uh tomorrow I mean today Amanda is going to Disney Paris. So we Miles and Amanda were invited to go to an after hours sneak preview of Frozen of the the Disney Adventure World. >> Yes, the world of Frozen before it opened. So, this is a totally different experience. Chris is not coming. Um, our son could not make it. And so, it's like a female perspective. I'm traveling. I'm like a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit stressed. I'm going to a different country. >> You'll be fine. >> I'm a little nervous, honestly. >> Are you really? >> Yes. Like, I used to travel by myself a lot >> and um internationally. Now, it's been a long time. But I'm actually not by myself. I was able to have a girlfriend that was able to come last minute. She literally booked her plane tickets like a few hours ago. So, I'm really not by myself, but it's just girls going, which is, you know, we'll be able to show you a different experience and maybe uh show you like the good, the bad, and hopefully things don't go horribly arai. But if they do, >> like if I get us on the wrong train or something. What if I get us on the wrong train and we end up in like Portugal or something? >> Then you're going to have a good time in Portugal. No matter what ever happens, it's going to be great. >> Anyway, >> yeah, I'm excited. I'm excited. Oh, by the way, you're wearing a brand new Disney outfit. >> I am. So, this is from Chris that he just brought home. I did a quick wash and now I am wearing it. It's like a little tracksuit. >> Can I tell you I'm a little jealous? >> Why are you jealous? >> Because when I was in Disneyland Paris, >> it was raining almost every single day and the one day it didn't rain, it snowed, >> which is perfect on frozen day. On frozen day and I was looking at the app and you getting gorgeous >> weather. >> It's gorgeous weather there. So, I want to hear from you guys as I go. I don't like just thinking that I'm talking to no one on the camera. So, whatever you guys have questions about, things you want me to show, anything like that at all, if there's like funny instances that you're like, "Oh my gosh, Amanda, you totally like messed that up and you guys ended up in Portugal." That is to like like it is totally I want you guys to have fun with me. I want you guys to be my little bffs on this crazy journey. And then again, I'll hand you right back over to Chris. So, >> Oh, yeah. Sweetie, you're going to have the best time. And I wish I I wish I could have just stayed longer and had to come out, but I had to get back here. Your son's got baseball and things going on and and uh Amanda's going. She's going to show us preview. >> New food options cuz she's really likes food way more than I do. So, she's like I'm going to be like showing different food options. >> I will show the food options. You guys get a totally different perspective versus you know Chris like men traveling or >> I'm also curious when you look at the merch if you like the same merch that I like. >> Okay. Well, I love this. This is so cute. You look good. >> And I've got like pants too that match. I'm like full. >> They're like breakaway pants, too. So, >> oh, okay. That's nice. Not going to be using that feature. >> I was like, maybe. >> No, no, I'm not breaking away any pants. These pants are stand. >> Yeah, I got to do it for YouTube. >> Up for the Okay. If you guys want me to break away my pants, let me know in the comments below. Maybe I'll do it for you. >> Yes. Do Yeah. Okay. Cuz this this will be the end of my video. This will be the clip that she used at the beginning of her video. If you want to say break, what do we say? Break those pants. >> Break those pants. All right, what we have ahead? I've got to get through security. >> Oh my gosh. I'm not checking a bag. I just have carryons, which thankfully is like so nice. You got sad. Well, I'm starting to get nervous cuz we're getting close to the airport. >> We got to get settled on on the plane. 10-hour flight, land. Then once I get to the Paris airport, then I feel like that's going to be really stressful. Just like figure out where to go. Immigration. >> It's always the most stressful. >> It's been When was the last time I was there? A year ago. >> Yeah. >> So, it's been, you know, just a little bit of time. Um hopefully. I'm just hoping when I get there it'll be like, "Oh, I recognize this. I can do this. I can get us to where we need to be, where we need to go." >> The video that I just traveled, that came out like 5 days ago, the travel days was brutal. Amanda was watching that video over and over and I was like, "Oh, she really likes that video." She's like, "No, I'm watching where you are in a train station. I have to see everything in I was like, "Oh, right." >> You know, I just I hope that when I land, I'll be able to recognize it and be like, "Oh, yeah. I remember this." Right. But right now, I can't even think about it. How do you vlog with your arm? My arm's tired. Do you have like one arm of steel? >> You have like lots of like muscles in one arm. >> Yeah. >> I'm not used to this. I don't do YouTube. I do not vlog like this. So, please, that's like one thing. I'm like, you guys can laugh around with me, but please don't laugh at me. You know what I mean? Like, I don't vlog. I'm not used to this. So, you guys are just on for a wild ride. >> Wild ride. >> The wildest ride in the wilderness. >> Woohoo. So, buckle up. Okay. Almost airport time. >> Okay. I just dropped her off at the airport. she is on her way. You'll be able to start seeing those videos. It'll either either be tomorrow or maybe the next day depending on um you know like the the the traveling takes a usually there's like a delay because she's got to get there and then edit and the whole day the all that stuff. So, but you'll be able to watch her ventures along here on the channel and you guys just be nice to her. She's amazing. She's wonderful. And um I just want to let you know I appreciate you uh watching her videos. So, the thing about this, we were I was invited to this thing on on um was it March 13th, but I was there's no plus one. So, I just went and then we got an invite later on from Dan Paris inviting Amanda and Miles for this. They're going to close the park at 8:00 p.m. and then they're going to open up to just a select few people to go to the uh World Adventure World from like 8 to like midnight or so. And they've invited Amanda and Miles to go do that. And I was like, "Oh, yeah, probably not going to do that." Um, Miles with his baseball and all that stuff. But then when I got out there, quite a few people from Disneyland Paris like, "Is Amanda coming? Is Amanda coming? Is Amanda coming?" And so I was like, "Uh, maybe." Yeah. So then, uh, we looked at it and we figured it out. We're like, "Okay." She's like, "I can do this." So she's going to go. And she was nervous cuz she was going by herself. And then last second she she was telling her friends, "I'm nervous." and uh her friends said, "Well, I can go. I think I could go." And somehow it just worked out. So, uh it's going to be awesome. She's going to do a great job. And uh then I have to get back uh and when I could stop and stare at the camera and talk to uh to you uh with my undivided attention, I need to talk to you and tell you something. Thank you guys so much for watching my videos. I appreciate it. And now it's Amanda's turn, you guys. She's even more fun to watch and she's gonna have a great time in uh Disneyland Paris. But I just want to take a quick little moment to talk to you and just you for a brief moment. I hope you know how amazing you are. It's okay to not be okay. If you are struggling, you're feeling sad, you have depression, that's okay. It will get better. You are amazing and you matter. you you make the world a better place. All right, guys. I won't see you next video because that'll be Amanda's videos. So, uh enjoy this this uh whirlwind tour of the new Disney Adventure World with Amanda. I'll see you guys in a little bit. I JUST DROPPED MY WIFE off at the airport. She's flying to Disneyland Paris to give a female point of view of the new amazing land. and she'll probably show you some vegetarian food that I don't care about, but she loves it. And to our patreons, thank you so much. We love you guys. And if you want to become part of this amazing Patreon community to see back behind the scenes things, then click the link down below and join this amazing community. Okay, bye-bye everybody.
