---
video_id: 41DsRsKxZqk
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Fantasyland SECRETS REVEALED I Show You Every Ride"
published: 2026-01-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41DsRsKxZqk
---
Hello everybody. You're watching Park Pass. Today I'm going to take you into Fantasy Land. I'm going to take you on every single attraction that Fantasy Land has to offer. And boy howdy, there's a lot of them. Here we are entering in the Disneyland Castle, passing through into Fantasy Land. Fantasy Land was one of the five original opening day lands. It also has the very most attractions of all the lands. Technically, there are 13 attractions and I'm going to take you on all 13 of them. Give you a point of view of everything there is to do in Fantasy Land. Let's spend the day in Fantasy Land. Now, for this video, I'm going to tell you a little bit of the history of Fantasy Land. I'm going to take you on the different attractions. I'll show you everything there is to see about Fantasy Land. This is an amazing land. It is awesome. So, let's go through. There are technically 12 rides attractions and some the Disney official idols ride. There's only one ride. We'll get to that a little later on. It's actually 12 rides or attractions and one walkthrough. Let's do it here at Fantasy Land. Spend the day with me. All right. So, today I'm going to spend the day here. We'll eat food here. We'll ride every single attraction here. I want you to think of this though as a clock. I'm going to start at the six. So, if you're looking at a clock starting at the six, I'm going to go clockwise all the way around to every single attraction and experience you can have here at Fantasy Land. We'll give you a little point of view. This is the castle. Sleeping Beauty Castle. And they do have the Sleeping Beauty Castle walkthrough. This will be the first thing that we're going to do. And this is considered an attraction even though it is there's no ride or anything like that. You're just walking upstairs and reading about the stories. So, let's start here with the very first one. Sleeping Beauty Castle. Here we go. In a far away land, long long ago lived a king and his queen. Many years had they longed for a child and finally their wish is granted. A daughter was born. They called her Aurora. This is a Sleeping Beauty story. Now, when the castle first opened up, there was no walkthrough. This was a later edition. >> Fearful. Maleficent's curse. King Stefan decreed that the spinning wheels in his kingdom be burned. To protect the warrior from Maleficent, the good fairies hid her in a forest cottage. You can see that they're burning the spinning wheels. Princess Aurora grew in grace and beauty. But on her 16th birthday, a dancing green light lured her to a tower. There she found a spinning wheel glowing in the dark. Touched the spindle. A voice commanded Aurora Bade and pricricked her finger. >> Going up another flight of stairs. Unbeknownst to Maleficent, the good fairy Merryweather had changed the curse so that the princess would not die but sleep. The three good fairies put the entire kingdom asleep as well until the day Aurora would wake. >> See, everybody's asleep. They don't even know that the princess is in danger cuz they're all asleep. And if you look, you see the little the fairies up there putting the candles out so that people can sleep. High at top the tower, Prince Aurora slept, awaiting the noble Prince Philip, who would one day come to release her from her slumber with true love's kiss. >> There's Sleeping Beauty. She's in the blue dress. >> As you pass these doors, sometimes they have little you look down here and sometimes >> somebody walking >> little you'll see like little people walking by. Originally, they were supposed to have something at the third door, but they didn't. Well, they took it out. It was his eyes. And you see the guards moving along. Maleficent summoned all the demons from a castle to prevent Philip, Prince Philip, from reaching the princess. And continuing on down the stairs, there's Maleficent and the demons in the background. And we turn and go down even more stairs. The spinning wheels are taken up >> by a windstorm. Maleficent turned herself into a flame spinning dragon to stop Prince Phil at any cost. It was a fearsome b It was a fearsome battle. The prince finally threw his sword and struck the dragon in the heart. See some green fire there. There's Prince Phillip down there. Green fire. Oh, here we go. We're starting this whole thing, this process all over, which I like. This is really where Disney learned they loved purple and lime green to represent evil. Yes. But it's really dark in here. >> Phillip was able to give true love's kiss >> and awaken Aurora from her slumber. One of my favorite things though is when you first when you exit out, most people miss this. Look at that green there. You can see Maleficent shadow will appear. Ah, >> I love it. What a great thing. And you turn and you exit right out. >> Okay, we did the first attraction here at Fancy Land. Now, if you have a mobility issue, you can't go upstairs. There is a way for you to see this whole experience. It's right here. There's the castle right there, and straight ahead is the accessible experience. So, you go in there, sit down. If you have a um you have issues with going upstairs or mobility electric vehicle or whatever, you go there, you can actually watch experience. All right, let's continuing on. Let's go to the second attraction. Now, Disney doesn't call their rides rides. They call them attractions. Um but a lot of times my videos, I do call them rides because people who don't know that, they think attraction is like a show or something like but they are called attractions. All right, so we're going to go on the next attraction here. Kind of going around a clock. Remember six at the bottom. We're kind of going like a 7:00 now. This is the Snow White Enchanted Wish. It is changed. It used to be called Snow White Scary Adventures, but they kind of lightened it up a little bit. Once upon a time, a kind, you notice how our first description of the word is kind. I love that. A kind and lovely princess named Snow White had a wish. But her wish was not meant to be. for the cruel queen envious of her beauty commanded she be a humble maid. >> Now we're about ready to get in line here and we're in the line for Snow White. I have to show you one of my favorite things though is Snow White bakes pies. You'll notice there's pie crust in the columns. Isn't that amazing? It's just a subtle nod of Snow White. Most people walk right by and don't see the pie crust. All right, we're about to get on our first real attraction. >> By that, I mean mechanical. >> The cart we have is bashful. There we go. Can I help? >> Thank you. Take care. I won't let me. Heat. Heat. In this disguise, I hold them on. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. All right, let's continue on. Next one we're going to do is uh Pinocchio's Daring Journey. Pinocchio's Daring Journey. Here we go into Pinocchio's Daring Journey. All right, we're getting in line for Pinocchio's Daring Journey. It's technically the least popular attraction in Fantasy Lands here in America, but in France at Disney Paris, they have this exact same attraction. It's identical. And in France, it's very popular and people love it there. So, different cultures like different things. Oh, Pinocchio was the very first Disney attraction that had the happy ending of the attraction on their attraction. Usually on all the other like Land rides, you would just exit out and be a big mural says and they live happily ever after or like a book that says they live happily ever after you exited out of their attraction. But this one here, you have the you have the happy ending right at the very end of the attraction inside the attraction. Pinocchio's Daring Journey is the first attraction to ever have a hologram in it. The hologram is very fast. It's hard to see. So when the boys are starting to turn into donkeys, the scene where the one boy string donkey and he has he's holding a mirror and he turns. The mirror reflection is a hologram and that was the first time that they were ever had a hologram in an attraction. It's kind of hard to see. It's on the mirror. You have to look at the mirror. Also, this attraction is my wife Amanda's least favorite attraction. It always makes her cry. I'll see you under the wishing stars. This is cricket safety. >> Here we go. >> Looks like your car. Hi, Dilly D. and actor just like me for me. You are making lots of money over here. Hey Mickey the popcorn. Right. Here's the mirror. No. Here is like I was saying, this is the first attraction I ever had. The happy ending right there in the attraction. And here she is, the blue fairy. My beautiful ladies, come on. and that's the whole attraction. >> Cute little attraction. Every time that attraction where the little boy who's turning a donkey when he goes, "Mama," my wife always bursts into tears. It makes her so sad. She's like, she goes, "It's a mom." She goes, "How can you handle that?" She's like little baby and she just can't handle it. All right, Katumi on now. I'm going to go do Casey Junior's train. Casey Junior train was also an opening day attraction sort of. When they were building it, they forgot to put in a guide rail uh safety guide rail and also the engine. They built the engine themselves. They built the engine and they put too much weight in the back of the engine. Not enough counterweights in the front of the engine. So on opening day when it was going up the hill, the track the train would start to tip back. So the engineer had to lean forward and they rode they had it running for a couple hours on opening day. It was just deemed too dangerous. So they shut it down after it being open for two or three hours on opening day on July 17th, 1955. So some people debate, was it an opening day attraction? Technically, it opened. Yes, it didn't have the guide rail. They had it closed down for a couple weeks. They rebalanced and calibrated the engine and put a guide in and it's been running ever since. I would say it'd be so fun to be able to drive this train. Now, you see that car right there and that blue car right there. Those cars came off the carousel. They were on the carousel. They took all those cars off and put horses on the carousel. Well, they didn't want those little cars to go to waste. They were just sitting on the carousel. They brought them over, repainted them, and put them on the train. So, they're really from the carousel. It's a real train. It has an engineer that has to drive it. It's not automated. There's a little windshield they could turn to get more air in. I love it. And there it goes. This train is was in the movie Dumbo. >> There's the other one. They could have two trains running at a time. When I was a kid, I always loved to ride in the caboose or the monkeys. That's the cart that was from the carousel. >> Got the wild animals. >> I think we'll go get in the caboose. >> I got the cart from I wasn't in the caboose. Somebody else wanted that. I was like, that's fine. So, let's just do the car that came off the carousel and show you Casey Junior's train. There seems to be a little bit of delay. The everything stops. Storybook land. Our train. >> One of the things I really like to do is when I'm riding these rides, I like to wave at the people. It's just fun. This is like a Disneyland friendliness. And here we go. Wave. I love to wave at him. >> Hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Everybody Now, they do have Casey Junior's train in Dant Paris, but theirs is like a little bit of a roller coaster and uh it's way smooth. This is the only one. It's like a real train. And here we go. The track was designed by Walt. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Here's the new addition, Rapunzel's Tower by Storybook Land. I love there's the families like to wave at them. Now we're going to the little cave. >> This is my wife's second favorite attraction. It just relaxes her. She loves it. Indiana and Jones being her first favorite. Now, as we say to the animals, that's the end of the lion fantasy land fantasy land station. >> Very cute attraction. Okay. Now, right across from this attraction though, they have the Red Rose Tavern. This is where you grab some food to eat here in Fantasy Land. It's right there based off Beauty and the Beast. And then over here, we also have just some snacks. You get like a pickle, some drink, some water. And I think I need to get some water. It's kind of hot, so let me get some water here. Okay, now we're going to continue on. I actually didn't get water. I got some Power Aid, which is good. And then we're gonna go now to Stoic Land. Then I'm gonna head up to um uh It's a Small World come down. We got a lot more attractions to do. Fancy Land is massive as far as as far as being packed full flavor with attractions. All right, before we continue on, I want to show you one little remnant of an old attraction that used to be here. There used to be a Skyway ride to take these buckets from here to Tomorrowland. And the station to to load is right here at Fancy Land. right there. Those stairs, these are the stairs. You walk up that trail and that was where the Skyway station was. Was right up there. It would take you across into Tomorrowland. So, there's still a remnant of it. Okay, let's continue on. There's the restrooms here in Fancy Land, and we're going to go right past the Red Rose Tavern. Since we're spending the day here, I'll probably come back in here and eat dinner a little later on with you guys. Let's keep going. Actually, I think the next track we have to do is Dumbo. >> All right, so let's go ride Dumbo right here. Couple years ago, Dumbo put in this awning so you have shade while you're waiting in line. Oh, it was so good cuz it would get so hot. This is a very popular attraction still. It's a 30-minute wait. But this awning, it was a game changer for people because it was it would get so hot and you just have to wait in the the sun. Now you got the shade, which is nice. Was Dumbo an opening day attraction? No. Was it here? Yeah. Here's the problem. The Imagineers came with this really cool idea. They wanted Dumbo's ears to flap as it would go around in a circle. They built these motors inside the Dumbo to mechanize the ears to make them flap up and down. Each elephant weighed between 700 and 800 lb. It weighed so much that the arms couldn't lift dumbbells. You can't go around in circuit motion. So on opening day, it was running. Nobody rode the attraction. They ended up taking out the engines and just made the ears stationary and reopened the attraction 1 month after Disneyland opened. So was it here on opening day? Yes. Did it run? Not really. No. In a circle with nobody on it. Walt's original idea for the Dumbo attraction is he wanted all the elephants painted pink. 10 pink elephants. He wanted to be the elephants on parade. You know the movie Dumbo they have is like that part where the elephants are on parade the pink elephants. That was the idea Walt really wanted that. But eventually the son of the imagineers like uh I think people rather they more identify with Dumbo Rubby on Dumbo. So he changed his mind and they painted them gray. They were painted pink and put them on and there was 10 original Dumbos. In 1990, they were building a Dumbo attraction for Disney Paris and the one here in California had a capacity of 10 elephants. The one they were building for Disney Paris had 16 elephants. It got done and they realized, oh, this is all done and the Disneyland Paris wasn't going to be opening up for a while. So Disneyland basically took Disneyland Paris Dumbo attraction and brought it here and they updated the Dumbo attraction here in the park allowing it to have 16 elephants. That's was supposed to go to Disney Paris and Disneyland kind of stole it. Says ah no we have to get another one. So they updated the capacity from 10 elephants to 16 elephants. Does anybody remember this? I remember this. You would come to ride and they would you give you a wooden feather, a black wooden feather with a number on it telling you which elephant you're going to go on. Then as you got in the elevation, they would recollect that feather. They changed that when they added, I think, the awning. Now they have it on the ground. They put go on a number. Does anybody remember that black wooden feather? If you do, put in the comments. Some of you remember that. Number 15, the Dumbo attraction. That's my favorite color. So I always love it when I get the orange one. I love that. It's my favorite color. But think today we've got the blue. Whatever you are standing on is >> all the way to the end at number 15 13. Oh, it's purple. Purple. >> Very simple controls. Just up and down. >> This is a great attraction for little kids. Make >> your pecky door fly higher. Just >> Let's go up. That's as high as it goes. >> And now we'll go down again. For your safety, please make sure we are facing forward at all times. Heat. Heat. In Florida, they have two Dumbos. There's two Dumbo attractions. So, they have twice the capacity and they're right next to each other in Fantasy Land. One of the craziest things I ever saw in my life was during the pandemic. >> Sometimes cast members would send me videos where I was not allowed to show. And I got a video of Disney Paris. It was completely closed down. And of course the mechanical staff would have to particularly operate an attraction to keep it going even though it wasn't running. And they sent me a video of Dumbo just going all by itself. The only traction running in all the whole park. The park was completely empty. You can just see Dumble going around. Crazy. >> All right, got to continue on. Of course, we keep it in mind as like a clock, right? So, we're going up and now we have um Hi guys, how are you? Now, we have a storybook land. I consider that maybe like at the 10 or 11:00 and then It's a Small World would be at noon at the 12:00 mark. >> So, we have to go do a storybook land and then we got to come back and do all these other attractions. which we have not done yet and there's still a lot of Fantasy Land opening day land, but there wasn't the budget to complete the vision what Walt wanted. So, the exterior of a lot of attractions were kind of like plywood and they're brightly colored and look like a Renaissance fair. If you go to Fantasy Land in Florida, you kind of see what that look was like. That's where like Small World and Peter Pan, you kind of have that that Renaissance fair look. But that wasn't what Walt wanted. Walt wanted a more aesthetically pleasing area. All right, hold on. Let me show you what we're going to do. We're going to go into Storybook Land if I just cut through here. Let's go on Storybook Land. A fun little attraction. So, Fantasy Land was closed down. Took 15 months. In 19 at the end of 1981, they shut it down. Uh, sorry, no, at the at the beginning of 1982, they shut it down. It was completely closed down. And then in May of 1983, they reopened it. They rethe themed it to be like a European uh village in medieval times. The facades of the buildings were reinforced and restructured and look really good. And it's such a good addition that they hardly done any updates or retouches to it. So the Fantasy Land that you know is probably from the 1983 version of it. When they dedicated Fantasy Land in 1983, they lowered the drawbridge from the castle. That's the last time the draw bridge has ever been raised. Uh it was raised and then on opening day in of 1983 they lowered it and it's been let down ever since. We're about to board because you share the boat with a bunch of other people. I really won't be doing a lot of talking. Um I don't want to, you know, change your experience, but this is a fun attraction. It's one of my favorite attractions to ride with my friends. Like when you have a boat with your friends. Oh, it's so much fun. But we are going to ride on this. I might point out the puns or the the not the puns, the new the wanted posters for Flynn Ryder, though if I sit in the right side of the boat. This was an opening day attraction, but when opened it up, they called it mud bank. It had the boats going, but there was nothing for them to see. Just this lot of mud. Uh called it the mudbank attraction. And the boats couldn't reverse when they first opened it up and only Walt only wanted men to run the boats because it was very difficult. They had it was very heavy to push the boats backwards and sometimes if they overshot they had to push them backwards. Eventually they got a little switch would allow the boats to go in reverse. The second they got that switch they changed the story and they made it only so only women could be the uh skippers of the boat and just for women would be able to tell stories of storybook land. Then in 1995 they changed it. It doesn't matter if you're a boy or girl. Anybody can be a skipper on Storybook Land. There goes Casey Junior's chain. A little wave. Something kind of interesting about this is you go through Monstro's mouth right at the very beginning. You can see Monstro as you walk around. Because of that, a lot of children, this ride terrifies them when they realize what they're doing. They think they're going to get swallowed by a well. And a lot of them don't want to ride it. One of my favorite piece of trivia about this attraction is all the boats are named after female characters. Except they made a mistake for a little while. One of the boats was named Thumper. Thumper a little boat. Thumper is not a girl. Thumper is a boy. So after they realized after a while they realized that was a mistake and they changed the name. I always thought that was really cool. It was a Thumper boat. Storyteller today here on the Aurora. For your safety, we do need everyone to remain seated with all hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat at all times. And parents, please supervise your children, laying open our trips to take any unexpected turns. When most people venture to the great white somewhere, they do so through the pages of a book. But for those who are lucky enough to venture with us in person, well, we like to travel a little bit differently. We like to travel through the jaws of monster whale. My friends, no worries. Asia's here to help transport us to a magical place called Our monster's tail ends. Our tale begins. And our tail begins with a tail of the big bad wolf. Hey cave is coming up on our lap. He's always huffing and puffing, trying to run out of those three little pigs. Luckily, they live safely across the way. And their house is made out of straw sticks and of course 100% guaranteed wolf proof print. Just around the riverbend, our story takes a strange turn to the quaint English village that is home to Alice. While a wonderful golden afternoon, she follows the white rabbit down the rabbit hole and fell down into Wonderland where she stumbled behind her very merry birthday party. >> Head back at your cup of tea and find some pixie dust. That way you can take flight with Peter Pan and Tinkerbell over London Park just like the darling children. Following that second star of the right to never land where you'll never ever have to for what or hop on a magic carpet to Araba and study a mystery and enchantment or a street rat named Aladdin has to say one jump ahead too far in the marketplace. Aladdin stole many things including Princess Jasmine's heart. go from different worlds by the power of love and a little help from a genie. They were married and live in the Sultan's palace to this day. >> Story book land is filled with stories where love shines like the twinkling lights and the archways above us. The same ones that Aladdin and Jasmine flew others sideways and under on a magic perfect ride to a whole new world. These good stories are filled with love and light, but they have their dark places as well full of mystery like the wonders up ahead. Edge treasures bear curse that can only be lifted by the genie, not the lamb. Legend has it that whoever sets the genie free will be granted three wishes. Let's all make a wish and see if it comes true. Let's continue. >> I wish I wish I wish birthday from an evil queen. You'd be just like the wife who came upon the cozy woman cottage to our right. home within seven doors to the mix for her kindness gave her shelter. If you listen closely, you might even hear the whistle while they work. Sound wished to go the ball, but her wicked stepmother forbaded, leaving her at home to do the chores. Her fairy godmother, however, to grant her wish. But when she didn't return for the ball by midnight, her coach turned back into a pumpkin, and it's still up there on that hill. Magic may have its limits, but thankfully love does not daring family, owner of the glass slipper, and now they live happily ever after. A dream is a wish your heart makes and like wishes dream come true. Whether it's dreams of a happily ever after or simply drifting off to sleep on a hill and quilted flowers like the one on our left, inspired by the 1933 silly symphony cartoon followed by land. Some dreams are simply to see the floating lanterns clean like that of Rapunzel who lives up at herself. This is the new Rapunzel tower. If you look, there's little wanted posters for Flynn Rider. While he was trying to escape from Maximus and a little guard, Rapunzel could explain to take her to see those floating lantern off their adventures who really is found in they could get the right on the launch. Some adventures are a little bit wild like those found in the story of the wake of the willows. Professor Judy has helped Linda Stley man. All right folks, it looks like a brand new motor park out for a joy ride on the road nowhere in particular. Beyond that is the kingdom of Darren jail in the snow covered mountain. where his arm taught us about the power of true love so that it can weather even in the harshest crystal storms. Across the way in the alpine village lives a wood cover named Japan being wished upon a star that his >> I always like this little boat right there in proved himself to be brave and unselfish. The blue fairy granted that wish. Japan's wish is like many men made in the fairy tales. Like one last wish to become a part of our world made by a little mermaid named Ariel. Her wish came true when she met on her own two and now they live happily ever after on her right. Ariel selects to venture down under the sea to visit with her father in the underwater city of the past. As we approach the dock, please remain seated, keeping all hands, arms, and fingers inside the boat and away from the dock's edge. Once we come to a full and complete stop at the dock, please remain seated. We'll all stand together on my count of three. That way, no one will have to take a trip under the sea. Thank you for joining us here on the story canal. And on behalf of all the storytellers, I want to wish you a magical rest of your visit here at Disneyland. All right, continuing down. We're walking to the end of Fantasy Land. >> Fantasy Land isn't the largest land as far as acorage goes footprint wise. Um, it's actually kind of smaller compared to most of the other lands, but it is the most densely populated as far as attractions go. has the most attractions and it is always very popular. Children love it, little kids love it, adults like it. It's where a lot of the magic in Disney does happen. Now, when I filmed this video, I was filming this at the beginning of January of 2026, and the holiday overlay for It's a Small World is still up. So, we're going to do It's a Small World, but it's going to have the holiday overlay. They won't be taking this down for another week or two. Here's the facade of It's a Small World. Now, the whole facade is designed to look like landmarks from around the world. Of course, you've got like the Leaning Tower Pizza right there, Big Ben. Uh over here, it's kind of hidden behind it. There's the Greek Parthonon. It's they're going to move over just to be able to see that. Got the Taj Mahal right there. Taj Mahal. The Greek Parthonon is right behind it. There's a windmills for the Netherlands. Just showing how the world is a small place. We all share it. >> Right back there is the Greek parthonon. >> It's got that little gold. There's the Eiffel Tower. inside and please watch your children. Thank you. I think is all. Welcome to It's a Small World. For your safety, please remain seated throughout your voyage, keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat. And please watch your children. Thank you. Fore speech. Midnight. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah, you Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Don't give me world. There's so much that we share. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. season. Hallelujah. Really? Please remain seated until your board comes to a stop at the dock and you are asked to disembark. Thank you. Please remain seated until the boat comes to a complete Stop at the dock and you are asked to disembark. Thank you. Please remain seated until your boat comes to a complete stop at the dock and you are asked to disembark. Thank you. Thank you. >> All right, we are exiting out. I always feel like it's a little weird. Like I always so hyped to write It's a Small World during the holiday season. Then once you get January and you write it, then I'm always like, "Feels a little weird to me." I don't know if that makes any sense at all. All right, next. Now we're going down. So if this is the top of the clock, now we're going to go to like the 2:00 spot on the clock and hit Matter Horn. Matter Horn is in Fantasy Land. It's the attraction I'm most nervous to do cuz it is a backcracker. There's the beautiful Matter Horn. There is some myths about this attraction that are not true that a lot of people love to believe. The most popular one is that the city of Anaheim wouldn't allow Walt to build a mountain. So, he put a basketball court and says it was actually an arena. Not true. Not true at all. There is a basketball hoop in the upper level, level four of the Matter Horn. It's where cast members can kind of take a break and shoot a few shots, but it's just like just plastered on the wall. It's not like a whole basketball court. Here we go. It's a 40-minute wait to do >> Matah Horn bobsleds. >> All right, Matah Horn. Let's go. Let's go. >> It's very fun. This was the very first ever steel tube roller coaster ever made. Uh the back is a little more herky jerky. >> All right, there's our car, our sled. >> Here we go. It's going to be a stop right here. safety. Remain seated with your seat belts fastened, keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the box. Please check Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Why are we doing this? Oh my gosh. Heat. Heat. Oh, no. Oh. Oh. >> Remain seated, please. >> Oh, boy. >> That's just crazy. Oh, parade's coming. So, they're having some music coming here. It's not normally here. All right. So, we do have to cross. So, I had to wait for the parade to end. It's cavalcade, but we'll be able to see Duffy here, which I absolutely love. This celebration goes till the end of till the middle of August. The Disney 70th celebration. If you haven't come down, you can come down. It's super fun. So, you see Shel May and Duffy here. And I love that they have them. >> There's Shel May. And Duffy. Duffy. Goes Duffy. Shelly May. Shelly May. Woo. They're very popular in the Asian parks. It's so fun to see them here. Celebrating the 70th. Here comes Max. Way to go, Max. >> Now, these cavalcades don't last very long. There's a short little treat. I got almost like a little good night kiss. There we go. This is Belle, Snow White, Moana, Pocahontas. Oh. Oh, god. That's great. It's Meredith. >> That's great. >> Here comes Goofy, Chip, and Dell. And it's January, guys. And it's hot. I can't believe how hot it is. Recctor is always so good. We got Donald, Pluto, Minnie, and Mickey, and the 70s celebration here. We got here comes Miguel, Pinocchio, Japetto, Captain Hook, and laughing been cheating. I just love how Captain Hook's hanging out with him. Isn't that amazing? That's it. It's a little cavalcade. All right, going back into the heart of Fancy Land. We now have to do the teacups. Also, Wonderland. Let's go over here and do Alice and Wonderland. Now, this Alice and Wonderland is a Disneyland exclusive. It's only here at Disneyland. And then after after Alice and Wonderland, we're going to do the teacups. All right, we're off to go to Alice and Wonderland. Alice and Wonderland again is a Disneyland exclusive. It's not located any other park. Alice and Wonderland and Dumbo are the only attractions that have two rides right here in the same park. So Dumbo's got Casey Junior's train and also Dumbo Flying Elephant. Alice and Wonderland has Alice and Wonderland attraction and also the teacups. Alice and Wonderland is a double-decker. What a double-decker attraction. It's actually on top of Mr. Toad's Wild Ride. So, you go on the ride, you go up on on top of Mr. Toad's Wild Ride. If the ride ever breaks down, it stops. It's quiet. You get heal from Mr. Toades down below you. It's incredible. You get a little caterpillar and you go. This ride has some funny little quirks to it. So, it's got the two main tires in the back and then the front part is actually just attached to the track. There's not like a real like a tire kind of guiding it. Because of that, they have like weight requirements. You can only they have to have certain weight. You can't have uh too much weight in the front. It'll derail. I always think that's interesting. Now, I told you how Fantasy Land reopened in 1983, but Alice and Wonderland was not completed and didn't actually open until 1984. So, this attraction didn't quite make it on the opening day on the on the retheing of Fancy Land on the renovation. It was being renovated. It just didn't get completed in time. As you're waiting queue, you're going to see an amazing tree. That is a real tree. Provide shade when you're on the outside of the queue. This is the only dark ride. Dark ride is a ride that's housed inside a building. They call it dark ride that goes outside, inside, outside, and inside. So you get outside and inside and Alice in Wonderland. >> Every other dark ride stays inside the entire time. >> My adventures in Wonderland began following down the road. All of a sudden, I know >> to the white rabbit. >> Well, Mr. Rabbit, wait. It went this way. >> Oh, no. That way. I'm always like to join the Oh, look. >> This is curious. >> No wonder. this way. Hello something. I'm not sure where I am. Find the way he went this way. Your highness, the queen of hearts and the kings shall be played. Okay. And the rule of 42, the queen with a head. My goodness. This was part of the addition. This wasn't originally part of their attraction, the birthday party, the unbirth party. This was part of the renovation when they redid Fantasy Land. Heat. Heat. It's a fun attraction. I think Alice is a great character. Okay, now we need to do the teacups wants to know. >> All right, now we got to get on the teacups. There is some actual myths about this attraction as well that a lot of people love to kind of spread around. They always say like the purple cup is teacup is the fastest. It's not. They're all exactly the same. >> But it used to be a long time ago they you could spin these cups so fast, but they put what's called like a governor like a brake on it. So you can only spin you can you can spin it, but it doesn't go as fast as it used to. It used to be like now it's doesn't quite go as fast. Safety safety reasons. This is the only teacups in all the parks that doesn't have an awning over it. And they you Disney uses the teacups a lot for commercials. Uh usually in the evening when these are all lit up, you see commercials like couples riding it, kids riding it, grandparents riding it, laughing, having a good time. It's kind of a hallmark of Disney fun. >> To our own birthday party, please pink teacup. legs inside your teacup. And do watch your children. To spin your teacup, just keep turning the wheel to the right or to the left. >> So, what color teacup is your favorite? I like the blue one. >> The orange one is probably my very favorite. But, and I've actually been thinking like, how do I film this? Because I wanted to film it so you can see the point of view of the ride. But, I was kind of worried that might make people sick. So, I might change the camera around just back and forth a little bit. When the ride first opened, it was freestanding spin. You can just spin it even sitting here. Like right now, you can spin it as it goes. But like I said, they put like a governor on it to make it so it slows down. You can't spin it as fast as you want to. If it rains, they do close down the teacups. This is one of the attractions I won't run during the rain. >> Enjoy your spin. >> He's like, "All righty, shared cubes. Enjoy your spin." All right. So, to make it go faster, you kind of spin it either way. Even though the arrows say uh the one way, you can spin it either way. Either direction. I'm going try to one arm spin it. I'm having a hard time filming and spinning at the same time. >> I'm trying. Great attraction. Little kids. This is something that like little kids could sit and have fun, enjoy, and they can try their best to make it spin super fast. I think Disney should sell these teacups in the store. Like have a little teacup set. >> I don't know why they don't do that. >> It looks like our tea party is coming to an end. >> Oh, and this is the end. >> Please remain seated until your teacup stops. >> Great. >> And then passion to the nearest exit. >> Tata. Please visit us again. Please remain seated with those doors closed until your teacup runs off. >> And once it has, please look down, gather your belongings, watch your step, and walk carefully towards I love how they call by the Alice and Wonderland attraction. And thank you. >> All right, continue on in fantasy land. This is the Mad Hatter. You can buy a little hat and ears and all kinds of fun things just like that. Oh, by the way, I tell you how kids sometimes get scared of this monstro. If you happen to have a a little child who maybe is a little bit nervous about that, you can bring them right here and have them walk right to the corner and you can say, "Hey, look, you can see all the way through the end. Right the corner here. You can see out." And then that way they can kind of see. Oh, it does. It does open up. I don't know if I can zoom in on that or not. That might help some little kids who are nervous. All right. Now, we're gonna get on one of my very favorite attractions of all time here at Fantasy Land. Actually, we're gonna do the We're got to do the carousel. Do the carousel and then we'll do that. Let's go to the carousel. >> Carousel is actually located much closer to the castle. When Disneyland first opened up, when they did the re the renovation of Fantasy Land, um that's when they ended up moving it a little bit >> and They moved it back. >> It was much closer to the castle. >> I did a whole video on the secrets reveal those attractions. It's great. It has six spins. The show horses, >> the horses on the outside, the ones that guests see, they're called show horses. Their painting is a little more ornate and nicer looking than the horses on the inside. And the horses on the inside are a little bit smaller. So if you have little kids, put them on the inside. It's a little bit smaller of a horse. Each horse has a name and they all have different names. And you can actually get that list of all the horse names if you want to go down to city hall and ask for it. The most popular horse is called Jingles. It's dedicated to Julie Andrew who plays Mary Poppins. It's got the most bells on it. Here it comes right there. And it's got a JA on it and a little umbrella for Mary Poppins. If Mary Poppins ever rides this attraction, as she sometimes does, she only will sit on that horse. The horses always stop and start in the same spot. This is called King Arthur's carousel, but if you look at the little murals, those all have to do with Sleeping Beauty. What's interesting is King Arthur has nothing to do with Sleeping Beauty. So, it should be maybe maybe be called Aurora's carousel rather than King Arthur's. All the different carousels though in the parks around the world have different names. They have like Lancelot and so on. So, this one here is King Arthur's. Another fun fact about this attraction, this Walt noticed that people there when he was at the park with his daughters, everybody wanted to get on the horse that was painted white. So, because of that, he had they were all different colors, but he ended up painting them all white. So, they're all basically kind of the same. All right. So, I'm going to walk down here and see if we can get jingles. I think that Oh, let's see here. There's the 50th. There's Jingles for Julie Andrews. J a Julie Andrews. And we're going to go right over here. I don't know. Just grab this blue one. I was going to take Jingles, but that little girl wanted it. I was like, "Oh, you you deserve it." Now, I've been told that a carousel it only goes counterclockwise. That's what makes a difference between the difference between a merrygoround and a carousel. That's what I've been told. I don't know if that's true or not. But I do know that on this carousel, all the horses are what are called jumpers. That means any horse you get goes up and down. Not all merrygo rounds or carousels of horses are all jumpers, but these ones are. Everyone goes up and down. Also, you'll notice that the horses, it's four across. 1 2 3 4. A lot of the merry-go rounds or carousels are only three across, but when they did when Walt Disney opened this up, they wanted more capacity, so they made an extra row of horses. All right, we're getting ready to start. Starting right here by the little exit. This is where we'll also stop. If you want to count, I believe it's six revolutions. And here we go. Heat. Heat. Make sure you take on a hard Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Please remain seated. Stop. Once the car has stopped, please look down. Watch your step. There's the exit. >> That's a very convenient exit for us because we're going to go right across to Mr. Toad's Wild Ride. So, technically this is the only ride in all of Disneyland cuz it's called Ride. Everything else is an attraction. So, sometimes people try to trip you up like, "How many rides does Disneyland have?" And if they ever asked that question, really what they're trying to get you to say is one. All right, let's get in line for Wild Ride. Remember in the beginning video I told you about how they had a Skyway bucket that would go all the way across from Fantasy Land to Tomorrowland? Well, there's a remnant of that here in a queue for Mr. Toad's Wild Ride. While you're waiting in line, you're going to see this little fence right in the middle of the queue area. This is where the tower was. The tower would sit right there. And then the sky cab would go right above here. They've left a little remnant here. This is where the tower was for the sky cab. Now, Mr. Toad's Wild Ride was the first attraction completed at Disneyland. Some people say, "Well, wasn't it the train?" Because they used a train to they put the track down and would deliver lumber to other parts of Disneyland to help build. True, the train was growing, but it wasn't going, but it wasn't completed. Mr. Toad's Wild Ride was the first completed attraction from front to get on, ride the whole thing. Very first attraction at Disneyland in its entirety was Mr. Toad's Wild Ride. You'll see a little plaques here. Angus McBadger offers sage advice so often scorned. Mr. Mole, a loyal and sympathetic friend. J Thaddius Toad Esquire, master of Toad Hall and incurable adventurer. Interesting little fact about this is his nose is one of the most touched things. They people touch it for luck and so they it was they clean that off. Mr. Rat over here tries to cure Toad's motor media. Mr. Toad is based off a book called Wind in the Willows. It's a book that Walt Disney really loved. What's crazy about this though, when the Imagineers are building this attraction in the book and also they did a little movie um never anywhere in the book of the movie do you go down into and here at the Disney they call it the inferno room. The Imagineers in the 1950s they thought that was funny for the kids to get in a car get hit by a train and end up getting sent down to A2 double hockey sticks. But that was just a little thing there. It's not in the book. It's not in any source material. I just imagineers doing something they thought was really funny at the time. It's a little bit weird, but if you ask a Disney employee about it or cast member, they will call it the inferno room. Toad Hall has seven chimneys. And in the book, uh, he talks about how Toad is really Mr. Toad is really proud of his house cuz he has seven chimneys, but he only has one fireplace. Just like that. In the book here in this building, the facade has seven chimneys. And what's the first thing crash through when you get in the ride? The fireplace. This is kind of fun. This is the front. It tells you the time, how long you have to wait. But on the back, there's a little mural of Mr. Toad. And a little saying, "Ho ho, sit still, and you shall know what driving really is. For you are in the hands of the famous, the skillful, the entirely fearless Mr. Toad. Mr. Toad's Wild Ride is only here at Disneyland. It's the only place it's at. It was located in Florida, but they got rid of it to do Windoo." Uh, Tokyo, Disneyland Paris has Toad Hall, but it's a restaurant. So, it's the only one that has the attraction. I'm sorry. Right. On the outside here, you're going to see it says totally uh the little plaque for Mr. Toad. And it says toad eye accelerator separate absurdia. It's Latin means the toad is accelerating forever crazy. Accelerating toad is forever crazy. That's a fireplace that you're going to crash through. And then if you look at the wall, the wall kind of tells the whole story of what you're going to do. The mural. There you go. The whole story. We got the red car. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. place. Guilty. I know. Uh-oh. Yeah, you just exit out. >> All right, there's one more attraction you got to do. Some say it's the best attraction on Fantasy Land, and I really can't disagree with that. >> This was a attraction that Walt Disney actually liked a lot, too. He loved Peter Pan. As a child, he saw a play and he loved it and he always wanted to do a movie and all that and he loved Peter Pan. When this ride first opened up though, imagineers, they just had like one pole going down the middle and the teenagers back then, they loved to get in a boat and they would swing back and forth and they would get the boat to derail. So after that, they ended up putting like two things to hold it across the top to hold it more in place. But it was a very original ride when it came this hanging attraction was very new and very innovative from when Disney first opened the park. It is a beloved attraction. It's an amazing attraction and one of the very best in all of Disneyland. Just kidding. Um the ride broke down right as I was getting ready to get on. So I'll have to come back later on so I can complete this adventure of Fantasy Land. Every attraction one left. All right. Um maybe get some food. We talk for a little bit and then uh hopefully Peter Pan will open back up here in an hour or two. Just saw Mary Poppins. I'm just gonna walk by and see her. I'm not gonna try to interrupt her or anything, but just gonna just so we can see her cuz she looks always so beautiful. We're going to walk in front of her so she can walk by so that way you can we can wave and say hi to her. Oh goodness. There she is. Always looks incredible. One of the most approachable of all characters. She looks just so great. >> Perfect. >> All right, guys. Let's go to Red Rose Tavern then and get some food and then we'll go finish off with Peter Pan. I actually like this little restaurant. Red Rose Tavern based off Beauty Union Beast. This side over here is all decorated for Geston. This side over here is all decorated for Belle. All right, there we go. I got the flatbread pepperoni, some water, and a black cherry. Let's do this. Not bad. Not bad. All right, guys. We have one more attraction to do here. Peter Pan. I hope you guys have enjoyed today's video. If you haven't, hit the like button. uh that helps a lot. It's something you can do for free. And then if you want to hit the subscribe button, we have all great content coming out. Subscribe to our channel. Become part of our community. That way we get to know you a little bit better. So you guys subscribe to our channel as well. We have one more attraction we got to do, guys. Peter Pan. Peter Pan. Walking on down here. It's been a day in fantasy land. Lot of stuff going on here. When I get done with Peter Pan, I'll show you two other areas of Fantasy Land that most people don't even realize is associated with Fantasy Land, but it's part of Fantasy Land. All right, Peter Pan take two, guys. Here we go. So, what's your favorite land in all the Disneyland? Put in the comments down below. >> I think parents parents of children tend to have like a lovehate relationship with Fantasy Land. We love it >> cuz we see our children, their eyes are so big and we love it. But at the same time, we're kind of like, h, it's crowded. Fans were crowded and and doesn't have those thrilling rides that maybe we like as adults. So, you have this kind of like h whatever. Some of my best memories of Disneyland, though, most of them take place here in Fantasy Land. Um, just seeing our son like his eyes and running around and just being so happy. >> So, I love Fantasy Land. When the Imagineers are making this ride, there's a scene where Captain Hook and Peter Pan cross swords and Captain Hook's hook is on his right hand. I'm sorry, on his left hand. But in the ride, they're worried. They're like, "Oh, that's not going to work cuz their swords." So they end up putting the hook on the right hand. So on the right, the hook's on the right hand. But in the mural, the hook's on the left hand how it should be. In Florida, it's always on the left hand, which is the right hand. Guess what? The ride just broke down again. I'm close. They're Everybody's getting out of line. I think I'm just going to sit here and wait. They're just saying it's closed down. You can wait in line or they don't know when it's going to reopen. So, you can see here in the mural, his hook is on his left hand and his right hand he's holding the telescope. And uh so there it is. That's the way it's supposed to be. The left hand has the hook, but on the ride, they moved it to the right hand. They are cycling through all the they're trying to get the boats to go through as fast as possible to get the people who were on the ride off the ride. So it's literally just going through. They're not loading it up. They're just sending them on empty. Just making sure that everybody can get off the traction while they reset it. >> All right. And now the class people just got off and now they're just cycling. Bullets are going through empty. They're recycling the attraction. >> This boat right here in front of us, I think, is the problem one. They've had some ride mechanics come out, look at it, >> and now they >> and now they've labeled it. >> I wonder if they're going to take it off track or what they're going to do. >> All right, the ride is back up and going. We're going to complete this. It's dark outside. >> Here we go. >> All right. Here we go. >> Thank you. >> There you go. Thank you so much. And it's our final ride at Fantasy Land. Here we go. Come on. Here we go. Second Straight out. Heat. Heat. Oops. On the wrong hand. Last night, had a little bit of camera problem there at the very beginning of the ride. The attraction, but we got it. All right, guys. We have just done every single attraction ride in Fantasy Land. I need to show you two more areas that are part of Fantasy Land that most people don't even realize. All right, check this out. We started in the morning and now it's getting dark time. Castle's beautiful. So, we're going to walk down here and I'm going to stay in Fantasy Land. We're walk this way. We're going to walk past the Bibbidity Bobbidity Boutique right over here. We're going to keep going down here. We're going to turn to the right and we're going to say go right down here where it says this way to Frontier Land. Now, this is taking us into this. If we follow this all the way, it would take us into Frontier Land. But we're going to go to the Fantasy Fair, which is actually part of Fantasy Land. But if I say this, you go this take you right into Frontier Land. I think I might have messed that up when I was talking. I'm not sure. I'm a little tired now. This fantasy fair is where you have an opportunity to meet a lot of princesses. They have little shows and they also have some treats. >> So, technically here we are turning right here. This is Fantasy Fair area and it's part of Fantasy Land and they have a lot of um this is where they the princess meet and greets like the royal hall right here. You could go back there and meet different princesses. Then they also have little shows right here. And then this is Maurice treats. And they have some uh good little treats right here as well. Okay, now I'm going to walk back through the castle part again and show you another area that's associated with Fancy Land that people don't realize is part of Fantasy Land. We're walking back through here this way through the back entrance of the side entrance, I guess, of Fantasy Land. And then we're going to go to another little area. >> Okay, we're walking this way. Walk, walk, walk. >> It says you're entering Fancy Land, but technically you've never left Fancy Land. It's a little misnomer. And we're going to go right over here and this way. Straight over here. By the way, this is Merlin's. This is the one of my favorite stores. There's a lot of hidden secrets in the store. store. I've done a whole video just of the store. You should definitely check that out. This way to Tomorrowland. Okay, we're coming down here. This is going to take us by the wishing well. I'm wishing Snow White, the seven dwarfs right over there. >> Oh my gosh, there's That's got to be Belle. >> She looks fantastic. Just All right, we just saw Belle there just lining up to take some photos with Belle. Now, we're going to walk right down here onto the street, which is technically Fantasy Land. Feels a little weird, but it is. So, we're walking this way. That is the entrance into Tomorrowland. It looks very pretty. We're going to turn right up the street. This is still Fantasy Land area. Got Matter Horn right up in front of you. This is the part that nobody knows is part of Fantasy Land. That is part of Fantasy Land. To the right, this is Pixie Hollow. Pixie Hollow is all part of Fantasy Land. It's a Fantasy Land attractions. It's where you're going to meet the fairies. And it's all part of Fantasy Land. Pixie Hollow. And this is technically part of Fantasy Land. Is that crazy? Need to come right back here. Oh, let's see. Maybe it's Oh, nope. I got distracted. I guess I could have walked in right there. I wasn't paying attention. I wonder if it's open. Yeah, according to Disney, this whole area that I'm in is Fantasy Land. I always just feel like it's adjacent to Fantasy Land and not actually Fantasy Land, but no, it's part of it. Okay, we're going to get a walk right through here. Fairies. Welcome. And >> this is where they have they have meet and greet like Tinker Bell. And looks like right now nobody's here, but nice little meet and greet. And then you exit right out this way right by the Matter Horn. Okay, I got to find a spot to talk to you guys. Hey, thank you so much for watching this video. If you liked it and had fun, hit the like button. It's free. You do it for free. And if you haven't, hit the subscribe button. I have a lot new content coming out, a lot of Disney fun stuff. But I need to take this moment to talk to you. And right now, I am only talking to you. I want you to know how amazing you are. You matter. You're unique. And you make the world a better place. I hope you know that. And if you are struggling and going through a little bit of a difficult time right now, I want you to know that it's going to get better. You make the world a better place and I am talking to you and just you right now. Thank you so much for watching. I hope you guys have a fantastic evening, morning, afternoon, wherever you are. I'll talk to you guys later. Bye-bye. Wait, can you guys believe that we did every single attraction in Fancy Land? All right, talk to you guys later. Bye-bye.
