---
video_id: eLiBK0BVF04
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Mickey Mouse Beat Up My Body For 3 Hours Watch Me Chaff Through Every Land At Disneyland"
published: 2026-02-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLiBK0BVF04
---
Hi, my name's Chris. You're watching Park Passes. Today is going to be a disaster. I'm going to be running the half marathon. And I yesterday did the 10K and barely survived it. And today's the half marathon. Okay, let's do this. So, my wife Amanda, she's running with her friend Jamie. They're dressing up as the dolls from It's a Small World, and they're very fast. And so, they're running for time. They're going to be going really fast. Um my friend Katie, who's also a really fast runner, but she is going to join me. She's we're doing Tweedle D and Tweedle Dum together, but she said she'll just uh do the slow run walk with me. So, all right, we're just here to get to the crows. It is super early in the morning. It is 4 Let's see here. What time is it? It's that's 4:31. Race starts at 5. And we have to go through security to get into the crowds. Going through security. It's crazy. >> Here's Jamie and Amanda. They're It's a Small World dolls. Let's see the action over here. >> Throw some robot in. >> All right, guys. We are about ready to get going here. Our corral corral F and uh it's going to be crazy. >> Amanda and Jamie are very fast. They're going to they're going to do great. Katie is actually super fast, but she's like, "I'm gonna" She's like, "I'm gonna drag you across the baseline." I'm like, "All right, >> so we're getting ready to go." >> I don't know what that means. >> All right, guys. We are about ready to start. >> Whatever your goal is, keep that in your heart. >> You ran the 10K yesterday. I've lost my voice. >> PR. >> Here we go. >> Here we go. >> 5 4 3 2 1 GO. >> OH BOY. >> Here we go. We are starting the race right now, guys. >> There they go. They're going to crush it. >> We're coming to the first corner. There's a bunch of people out here in the inter at the intersection cheering us on. Makes it nice. Katie was just saying how pretty it looks. This is I'm sorry my out of breath and losing my voice, but Katie I'm running with runs a half marathon every month and she's a real runner. This race is very confusing to her. She's like she's like the first time she's ever done Disney. She's like there's so many people and and it's crazy. I'm like Disney. The draw of Disney. Katie. >> Here we go. Mile number one, guys. >> So, my friend Katie got this great idea. Let's take a photo at every mile marker. And here I am at the first mile marker. And you can see I have like unbridled passion and joy. And I don't realize about what's about to happen. All right, we're curving in backside Disney California Adventure. Here we go. They have that prey float turned on. So, it's going. That's awesome. That's great. All right, we're stopping here. Our first water break, which I need powerade. >> Power aid. >> Power aid. Perfect. You got it. You got it. >> All right, there's Katie. >> We're getting ready to go. >> All right, we're entering into the park by Cars Land. We turn around the corner. It's beautiful. So, right behind me, they had a car's photo spot. And uh now we're going down here. And I you guys, I'm struggling, but I'm trying to pretend like I'm not too cuz Katie's standing next to me. All right, so we're taking our first walking break. We're about a mile and a half in, right? >> So, we're taking a little walk. >> 1.79. >> Oh, 1.79 miles. >> Two. >> Almost two. So, take a little break. All right. Here we are. Pixar Pier. A lot of people grabbing photos. It looks great. We're back to jogging by credit coaster. >> All right. This is photo meet and greet with sadness and joy. >> All right, guys. We are at mile two. >> Is the bar open? That's my question. >> All right, here we are at mile number two here with Katie. I'm still smiling. I'm feeling okay. We're about ready to keep running. Oh boy. All right, I found a pacer. a three mile, three-hour pacer. I don't know if I can stay with them, but I'm going try. >> Entering into Avengers Campus, >> Iron Man, Marvel, >> there's a little meet and greet with Max and Goopy. We're actually in the park going to go across Espanade and then headed to Disneyland. We got this. 3 hours. Watch out for your walkers. >> You got this. >> We're in the park. >> All right, guys. This is mile three. >> All right, here we are at mile number three. And to be honest with you, running through Disneyland at Disney California Adventure, it's fun. It's fun and it kind of excites you. It's good. And I'm still feeling like on top of the world. Okay, we're running down Main Street. Fun cuz I have non-D Disney music kind of playing trying to motivate and run faster and uh unique experience for sure. Main Street. Yesterday the tank has run in front of the castle and now we're going to run through it, which is cool. Entering into Tomorrowland. It's a little congested coming into Tomorrowland. Running down towards Small World. This is Small World. We're running back. We're doing an outback. I'm seeing if I see Amanda come back the other way. She's probably way past this point already, though. >> I'm trying to run, but it is so crowded. >> This is really narrow and so so many people that you can't really run. I just kind of like walk running trying to get through the the area. Do not see Amanda or Jamie. We're entering into Toontown. There we are running through Toontown. That's kind of fun. The difference is now right now and a crowded day is everybody's going the same direction right now. On a crowded you got people going all directions. We just went past mile four. I think I forgot to record it. Here we are at mile number four and I'm feeling still pretty good. And you see I'm doing the peace signs. They never know what to do in photos like that and so yeah. So going along now entering into fancy land. >> Hey. Yeah, for sure. We're running along. They got Dumbo running cuz it's the Dumbo double dare if you do both races. The 10K and a half marathon. >> Okay, this is running across the castle. We're walking to the castle, but literally walking. There's no way to really run. They said there's 15,000 people doing this. Made it to the castle. All right. Ready? Get more photos. Now running into Frontier Land. All right, this is the uh water stop. I'm going to get some water and take some Advil. Little Advil. Got some propane and there I was like, where's Katie? Oh, >> cast me numbers. >> Here we are going by the Haunted Mansion. I wish the attractions were open so I could go around them. >> Entering into Bayou country. >> There's a little hill. >> Got a little >> Got a little hill there. >> All right, we're going to head down here into looks like Batu Star Wars Land. All right, we're going here. I um am walking right now a little tired and concerned because I'm like, am I going to get swept by the balloon ladies? Balloon ladies, if you don't know, they're they're they have balloons and they I think they do a 60-minute mile. You have to be above that. If you don't, they get swept from race and you get what's called a DNF. Did not finish. Keep going. >> It's good to see Jedi like you. >> Here we go. Coming by Millennial Falcon. >> Now we're going to go backstage again. >> All right, guys. We're hitting mile five. Yeah. Thank you guys. >> Thank you. Thank you. Mile five. All right. Here we are at mile number five. You can see that I'm trying to smell. My legs are a little bit burning in this particular photo. So, yeah. All right. All right. So, now we're this like remember we ran down this way and now we're running back. Here we go. >> We don't see the balloon ladies coming their way. Yeah. Which is good cuz I know I'm going to keep getting slower and slower. >> No. Katie's like Katie's like I want to slow down so I can see him. No, cuz if we slow down I see him. I I won't be able to speed back up. backside a building we don't get to see very often. Here we got our little DJ to motivate us to go. I'm dying and Katie's she was dancing. She's like getting grief. I'm over there dying. She's like pulling some major dance moves on me. >> All right, so we're getting ready to leave Disney now. So, that's the best part of the race is running through both of the parks. Now, we got what I call the suck. It's just Oh, boy. So, Katie told me that I'm allowed to walk up this hill, but once I get top, I start running again. And I was like, "Oh, okay. Yeah. Oh, sure. Sure." >> I guess you might be wondering like, "Well, how do you know Katie?" I've known Katie 16 years now. >> 16. >> 16. >> Sweet. 16. >> We were co-workers a long time ago. Okay. I'm really good friends. I think for 4 years every weekend I drove Katie and her friends different bars and I was a designated driver. >> Yep. >> For four years. Every weekend. >> And then uh >> feel like it should have been more. >> Yeah. I should have then when I met Then when I met Amanda, Katie was the first one of the first people to meet her and Katie's like, "Uh, >> yeah, you better lock that down cuz she can do way better." So, I was like, "Right, right, right, right, >> right, >> right, perfect." >> And I know. >> So, right now, Katie's husband, Rob, and their daughters. Yeah. Her husband. What did I say? >> It's her current husband. >> Current husband. >> Kitty, Rob. Um, so her current husband and uh their daughter are at the hotel and Miles is over there too with them because we had to get up so early to the race. So they're watching them. Katie runs so many races that I told her I was Thank you so much. I I I told her I was very nervous about this. I haven't I haven't uh trained and she volunteers. So I'll come down and be a support >> sport team. It's 14. >> You're running. >> All right. I was hoping Katie would notice we at the top, but she said, "We're running. >> We can do it downhill." >> Downtown. Going down the hill. So Disney to do these half marathons has to coordinate the runs with the city of Anaheim. I don't think the city of Anaheim particularly likes these a lot cuz so many people and so much logistics. The Walt Disney World races all of the everywhere the runners run that property is owned by Disney. So they can do all these really fun crazy courses where here in Anaheim they have to kind of go what the city wants them to do. You didn't even have to run to >> K told me I had to run to the next light and walk until I got the light. But they had a power aid station. >> I was like, "Oh, I need to I need to stop and get some water." >> One little surprise. >> One little surprise. >> So, this is a unique experience for Katie cuz the races she runs are faster races, right? um people trying to qualify for Boston and stuff. So she's like this is more just anybody can do this race >> all Yeah. It's leisure all abilities. So something should definitely think about trying. >> I'll come push you. >> Yeah. Katie's like I'll She'll be a running partner, guys. >> I'll just push you in the stroller. >> Yeah. >> All right. All right, we're at mile six. For me, I'll feel better once we hit mile seven cuz I'm more than halfway. >> All right, so here we are at mile number six. Now, when you get outside Disney running, for me, it felt a lot more difficult and I was a little bit nervous at this point. I was like, "Oh, we're almost to the halfway point, but not quite there, and I was tired, but we're going along. >> We're running now." >> Oh, no. No, there's no light down there, Kate. This does not work. Look at this shirt. >> Excuse me, sir. I like your shirt. >> Oh, I love you guys. >> You're the best. PP for my >> This is a very long out and back. Somebody looking for Amanda and Jamie. >> That's mile 10, >> but it's not really mile 10. We're heading down. >> She's woing for you. >> Yeah, always. >> It really does help having people cheer. >> Thank you. You are >> I keep thinking we'll see Amanda and Jamie. There's a possibility they ran past us already cuz they're very fast. But it's a Disney run, so it gets congested so it slows you down. >> All right, there's mile seven. >> Now I can feel like Okay, if you quit now, it's bad because you're more than halfway. All right, we made it to mile 7. I was so relieved to get there cuz I knew then up that way I was more than halfway and but I was all also concerned. And then Katie, she was like all smiling and that's irritating because she doesn't even seem to be stressing at all about this. All right, got a little music cheering us on. We're running. We're just running, running, running. All right, we're down here by the rinks of Anaheim. >> Oh, it's amazing. All right, >> marathon. We see you. >> And I'm Ducks. >> There they are, GUYS. OH MY GOSH. >> HOW are you? >> Good. Are you doing so good? >> You guys are great. Oh my gosh, you look fantastic. We've seen some other ones, too. >> I saw some really friends. >> Oh, did you? But you guys are the best ones. >> Here you are. >> Show us your energy. >> This is This was Haunted Head Fashion. That's what I'm wearing today. Haunted Head Fashion. Find them on Instagram. >> There you go. >> I love it. Oh my gosh, you guys are so freaking adorable. I know. I got to get your picture. >> Katie's like, she's like motivating me and she's like, "Oh my gosh, so good. >> You're amazing. >> You're so good. We've been looking for you everywhere. >> Oh, all the time. >> Okay, HERE. Look at those girls. >> Oh my gosh. >> How are you? >> Good. >> Oh my gosh. You look fantastic. You see some other ones. >> I didn't train for this. That was a mistake. So, while you're running, people have made homemade signs and they're standing in the course. They're cheering you on. And Katie saw the sign and she said, "Oh, I got to get a photo with it." Of course, it had her name on it. And then she saw this other sign and she loved and it made her laugh. It said, "Smile if you peed a little." And uh it was hilarious. All right, guys. We're hitting mile eight. That's good. All righty. So, here we are at mile number eight. You can see I'm actually I was getting a little hot. My hat was getting pulled back. I was feeling I was starting to feel it a little bit. You can see that in my face. Katie's dancing, of course. Here we go. I'm barely hanging on. K dancing. Oh, man. Nope. Nope. Katie ran into Starbucks. Um, but this gives me a chance to talk to you guys. You can do hard things. I'm to be honest with you, I'm struggling. This morning when I woke up, I thought the chances of me finishing this race was about a coin flip. 50/50. This is like I was really tired from yesterday. She's 10k. And uh and I was actually kind of embarrassed when Katie was like, "I'll run with you." I kept telling her, I'm like, "Go run with Amanda and Jamie cuz they're fast." And she's like, "No, no, I'll motivate you, but it's been helpful. What's up? >> It's helpful to have somebody motivate you. So, I just want to say that I hope that I can motivate you sometimes. You are amazing. You can do hard things. And I want you to know that I appreciate you. Yeah. So, we're coming up here a little bit in mile 9. Once we hit mile 9, it's feel a little bit better. I was really worried this morning. I wasn't going to finish this race. Then when Katie was like, "No, I'll run. We'll just do this." And it's been a good support. Not 100% sure I'll finish, but we're going to try our best. My mom told me she wanted she's like she's like she's worried about me and she's like, "You're going to be okay." I'm like, "Oh, I hope so." >> Thanks for the time. >> So, absolutely. You guys are doing great. >> Thank you. Thank you. All right. Looks like they have a little a station here, which is crazy cuz I They have Okay, they have these little honey stinger things cuz I am hungry. These are the honey stinger energy shoes and I'm I wanted the um I thought they were the little waffle things, but I'm going to eat them anyways. I'm hungry. I don't really know. Sorry. Um I don't know if they have caffeine in them or not. >> There you go. Good job. >> I needed that. >> All right, here we are at mile nine. Yeehaw. >> Katie and I have been taking a picture every mile. So, I'm going to wait for her here even though she went to Starbucks. cuz I need to get a photo with her. >> There she comes. >> Katie got a caramel macchiato. Loving it. I waited here for you, Katie. I want you to know because I care. >> I That's true love. >> Okay, so here we are at mile number nine. And you can see Yeah, I was struggling here. was struggling a little bit. Um Katie had run and got me a caramel macchiato and I was struggling. And then what I ended up doing is I ended up facetiming Amanda to show her that I had a caramel macchiato. And that made her super jealous. But then it confused Amanda. She's like, "Wait, how do you have that drink? Did you guys pass us? Did you finish the race?" I was like, "What? No." My kitty ran into Starbucks and got it for me. >> They're balloon ladies. >> There they are. The balloon ladies. You see them? They're balloon ladies. >> Oh boy, that makes me nervous. >> Balloon ladies just walk by. >> A little cheering on the band. >> Let's power up. Yeah. It worked. >> I got power. >> Oh, guys, I'm getting really I'm so tired. I keep hitting the button and record and I'm getting tired. >> Thank you. All right, guys. We're now at mile 10. Here we go. Oh yeah, this is mile 10. I was not feeling it very I was not feeling very good. I was like struggling. I actually ended up sitting on the curb, which is a huge mistake cuz Katie couldn't get her camera to work and then I sat down the curb. Then I couldn't stand up. So Katie had to help me back up. I want to keep walking, but Katie's like, "We're running." Good job. And I'm like, "Oh boy." She goes, "All we have left is a little 5k little baby. Little baby. >> See, you're born into this. >> The sun is coming out. Gets warm. >> Another DJ. Katie's dancing. I'm dying. People are cheering though. They like it. We got the blocked up intersection. And right up ahead is a water station. >> You get a walk. >> I get a walk. >> Thank you very much. >> Thank you. We're getting some waters. >> All these volunteers. Thank you so much. >> Thank you. >> Oh, I need an Advil. >> All right. Katie says I need an Advil. So, save a little bit of water. This is the last. Oh, there it is. Little baby. >> Little baby. >> Little baby. Okay. All right. >> No. No. I'm like over here sweating. Katie's like glowing. >> Oh boy. I do have a story to tell about Katie though. >> Uhoh. Now Katie, you have to the audience's family channel. Okay. Keep it clean. >> Keep it clean. >> Clean and clean. >> Katie is not a Disney person really. Uh, she doesn't really understand my passion for Disney. She likes it, but doesn't understand it. >> You're going to hate people hate me. >> No, no, no, don't. You're not. That's fine. But Katie went to um the princess dining. >> Oh, Cinderella's castle. Hard pass. So, she ate there. They had dinner there. Both her and her husband Rob got really sick. Food poisoning. >> Worst food poisoning ever. >> And so sick that it's just coming out >> all all ends. Well, the next day Katie gets up and she's they're going to Animal Kingdom. Was Animal Kingdom or Epcot? Animal Kingdom. >> Animal Kingdom. >> And my last pair of outfit was a pair of white shorts. >> White shorts. She goes to Animal Kingdom with the with the with Rob's family, too, right? And all of a sudden >> I was a little gassy and stepped away. It was >> a little gassy. It wasn't gas. >> Yeah. >> Really well in white shorts. >> And so she was running around Animal Kingdom trying to find pants or skirt or something to wear on the bottom. >> You say you had nothing for >> They don't They're nothing. >> Nothing. >> So did you buy like a sweatshirt and wear it as a skirt or something like that? >> Bought a sweatshirt and tied it around my waist. >> And then they she's like, "We got to get in the bus. I got to go back." They get in the bus and it was a Microsoft weekend where it was jam-packed. So, everybody's there. They get in the bus. >> It took us 60 minutes to get to our hotel >> and people are like, >> "Smells on here. >> What smells on here? Smells like smells like poop in here." Katie's like, >> "Yeah, I don't know why." So, >> all right. We're going to start running. >> All right. I had a little problem with the camera. I had it in slow-mo, >> but we're doing it. struggling, >> but we're doing it. All right, guys. It's mile 11. >> I'm My legs are starting to hurt now. >> Okay, so here we are at mile 11. I'm actually feeling better than it was at mile 10, but I feel like we're getting closer to the finish line. So, that was just on my mind. We're getting closer. We're getting closer. I don't know how to explain this. So, it's the same distance, but like mile 6 to 7 felt like 10 miles. Miles 9 to 10, I think, went by so fast. Sometimes it feels fast. Other times it feels like an eternity. >> Yeah, >> Katie's like, "Whatever. It's all the same to her." But >> those last miles are the worst. Might as well. >> Might as well the worst. >> Okay. Hey. Oh, >> is that them? No, it's Trace in Brooklyn. >> You got this, baby. >> You don't even have to make it. >> I wish I I want to walk, but Katie's like, "Keep going. She's motivating me." So, I'm like, "All right, >> just keep swimming. >> Just keep swimming." I did not train for this at all. That was a mistake. Look, that's mile 12. >> Mile 12's over there >> right there. >> We're doing great. >> All right, so just behind me is the uh water station. This is the out back. So come down here. We do a U-turn and then come right back >> to mile 12. >> To mile 12, baby. There's a band here. I >> I'm not going to leave until we get a song for the band, though, Katie. Let's go. Let's go. >> Let's see. >> Petep band right here. >> You need a song. >> I'm not leaving till I get a song. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> There you go. That's what you need. A little motivation. Kay just told me she's like, "We're going to run down the hill and then we'll walk it up." >> We can run up the hill. >> No, no, no. >> Sprints. Come on, Chris. >> No. >> Do it. >> Race. >> Yeah. >> I would suggest if you ever want to run to run with a friend, that makes it easier. But I would also suggest don't run with a professional runner like Katie who makes you feel bad because they're like dancing and let's do some sprints. Yeah, you don't want that. All right, we're doing good though. >> I was really scared I wasn't going to be able to complete this. >> Hey, >> thank you. Wait, >> there you are. Yay. You guys keep running. >> Thank you. >> We got to make it under the bridge. >> Under the bridge. Okay. Okay. >> Made it. >> Made it. Katie was saying you have to run up the hill. It makes your butt tighter. >> Come on, Chris. >> I was like, that's I don't want that. If anything, I'd want a looser butt because at the end of this race, >> let's do what we came to do. Don't run with that. Just run with a normal friend. >> One more. >> Thank you. >> We're running to mile 12. >> You guys are making it to mile 12. I can't believe this. I'll be honest with you. When we were like mile 3 in Disneyland, I was like, am I just going to quit and drop out? Thinking about it. Now we're at mile 12. One more mile. Oh, this one's kind of This one's bad. So, I I'm Dang it, Katie. She took a picture of me. I didn't know she was going to take a picture. I was just waiting for us to do our little selfie together, and that was me trying to catch my breath, and then she took a picture of that. But this is us as I thought we were going to take a picture and I'm I'm happy cuz we're at mile 12. All right guys, we are past mile 12 going to mile 13. Then after that we have.1 miles. Oh, I see a ton of Tweedle D's. Let's go over here, Kate. Ale D right there. >> HEY, good job. totally miss out. >> Um, I've been looking for the balloon ladies. I don't see them. So, we're doing better than I thought. >> We got this. >> Now, I don't know if I explained what the balloon ladies are. They're the >> That's the the pacers, the last pacing. You have to be ahead of them cuz they have to break down the course. They just can't keep this all open all day. So, if they pass you, you're technically disqualified and uh swept from the race. All right, guys. We're We're jogging again. I want to walk. Katie told me no. She's like just run to 13. So, >> it's right up there. >> We're just running. My uh quads hurt and the bottoms of your feet get tired. But we're doing great. Thank you for watching. >> If you haven't, would you hit the subscribe button? >> Who am I? >> You got the speed bump. >> You got the speed. I almost tripped and fell. >> Were you filming? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> That's even better. >> Almost. >> You almost died. >> Almost died the camera. If you guys can hit the subscribe button as an appreciation for this and the like button, then we'll return to our regular schedule programming of Disney fun goodness in the next videos. Hold on, guys. >> We should have had you lay down as well. >> Yeah. >> We're doing great. >> Tron shirts. >> Everybody. >> Oh my god. >> There's 13. >> There's 13. Oh my gosh. >> Oh, I'm sorry. I'm not even filming that. >> Okay. All right. So, here we are at mile 13. I literally threw myself on the ground. I was just dying. And then Katie is like, "Okay, come on. Get up. We got 0.1 miles to go. Let's sprint it." And I was like, "Oh, boy. Oh, boy. >> All right, guys. We see you. >> Good job. >> Coming in, guys. This is the end. >> Thank you for being here with me. Actually, your support means a lot. >> I want to do well for you guys. >> Okay. Finish line. >> This is it. >> I'm making you run. >> Okay. >> Katie's going to She said she's going to sprint it. >> My hand. >> Oh my gosh. Here you are. Don't be this year for the first time. Never gave up. It's best. You posted weighing like 80 lbs. It might have been easier. Very true. I'm very proud of you, Zach. >> Oh my gosh. >> Well done, Zach. Good seeing you. Nicely done. We did it. >> Oh my gosh, I'm dying. >> You got medics all around. >> All around all the medics right here. >> I put my metal on. Fail. Let's redo that. >> Nope. >> All right. Now, there's one other medal I get for running both races. >> All right, guys. I have to go over here to challenge medals. >> In order to get a challenge medal, you have to run the 10K and the half marathon. >> Congratulations so much. This is the Dumbo. It's the If you get both races, you get this medal as well. >> Oh, banana. >> Banana. >> It's banana. >> Banana. >> Banana. I got it. I drank some water already, but I got a Powerade as well. And I got banana. And this is like a little fuel kit. It's got like salty things like Fritos and stuff like that. >> You're salty. >> Salty. You're salty, Katie. All right. All right. Right around here somewhere. I think Amanda and Jamie are >> Where's the little Speedy Mcpertons? There we go. >> Oh, there they are. Right over here right here. How are you? >> We're going to come right through here. >> You look amazing. Great job. >> Oh my god. Go get that finish line. >> I am so proud of each and every one of you. >> Good. Like brutal. >> You did it. >> All right. This is for Lucy. >> You guys won the victory. >> This is fun. The ending with you with your friends. >> Just kind of hanging out here. >> My legs are tired. My quads are tired. >> We don't. >> The runners don't care. They're all happy. >> And they're tearing down. Good job. >> Oh, you guys. >> Hi, >> Amanda. It's so You're so good. They ran so fast. >> It was so fun. It just felt good. It was nice and easy and pleasant. The temperature was wonderful. It was wonderful. >> It was not better. >> It was a good run. >> Well, it actually could have been better, but it >> Well, I think it's for for me. For me, it was a very fun run, but I'm not like a runner like you are. Oh, hang on. All right. >> Okay. So >> I just have to say well what I was like oh it could be better because there was a long outstretch and back but it actually came out fun because you get to see the other people running and you get to see costumes and say hi to them. So it worked out fine just having Angel Stadium makes it like that kind of cheerio pop. >> I know they don't have the Angel Stadium anymore. I wish they did. >> So that's what I meant but I was like well it could have been better. That's my only thing. Actually I have two things. Chocolate milk at the end would have been nice too. >> Yeah, chocolate milk's really good for we had done a long run. So, >> okay. But I don't want it to seem like I mean it was wonderful. The weather was great. It was so fun. They had Disneyland. It was so pretty. It was amazing. But what is seriously like driving me crazy and blowing my mind. I have worked 8 months for this. I'm waking up at 5:00 a.m. on the weekends to do my long runs. I'm trying to do these like exercises and crush strength training. Eight months of this. >> You did great. >> Well, no. I mean, it's like still so challenging. Chris just like walks out there and runs the race. He's >> Don't recommend that. I don't recommend that. >> That's super. >> I don't recommend. My legs are tired of Amanda's like bouncing around, but I'm like, "Okay, >> I can't believe you. You super >> No, you did. You did. You did amazing. You did amazing." >> Thank you. It was very fun. >> All right, let me show you our room here. The JW Marriott. Check this room out, guys. Look at this amazing bed. Now, this is a little pull out bed right here. This is where Miles is going to be sleeping. And then we have these amazing Look at this. Bam. Bam. Bam. Bam. These are two amazing like curtains, but they're not even open. So, you can't see the view. >> I love this hotel so much. >> You got it. Okay. >> Oh, there you go. Let's see right out. You see everything right out there? >> Oh, you can see Let's see. Oh, it's just you see my reflection. We don't want that. Ah, >> there we go. Do you see the Disney wheel? The Mickey's Will of Death and all that. It's amazing. Okay, now coming back over here. Let's take a look. Oh, Amanda is also opening this one up. Guess what? We got a TV. We got a writing desk. We got another We got another amazing view outside. Coming over here, we got a little tiny uh what is this? Fridge under here to keep your beverages cool. What is in here? A little whatever. Going to cure a coffee maker. Look at this bathroom though. Okay, this is a shower. Look at that shower. Look at that shower head. Okay. And then what I love what I love about this type of showers, you turn it on there and you turn on right here. So you're not like standing cold water to turn it on, which is great. This is a toilet. If you ever use it, they have one. Complimentary included. Here's this. Here's this. Check this out. Look at this giant mirror. Really? Oh, there's Amanda. I see a reflection. She's right there. >> Hi. >> Look at that tub. That's a huge tub. A huge tub. Babe, you want to lay in it just to see how big it is? >> It's amazing. I'm just telling you guys, this hotel like the best of the best. Top of the top. Amazing. Incredible. This is huge. You could sleep in here. You could sleep in this. >> Okay, Miles, can you pull that open right there, sweetheart? >> Yes. >> Pull that open right there. This is the giant reflection barn door. And this is closet, which >> is amazing. >> Okay, guys. This is our room. This place is great. And it's so convenient because it's just you walk right there. Walk right out there. Walk right through there to Disneyland. Okay, just for fun, I'm gonna show you what I did on Instagram. This is how the Disney photographers capture my wife. Look how amazing she looks with her friend Jamie. They look absolutely stunning. And this is how Disney photographers captured me. There I am. Yep. Yep. Yep. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I ran a half marathon. I didn't run the whole thing. I had to do a little bit of walking, but I still completed it and finished it and crossed the finish line and got a medal. And I want to thank uh I want to thank Jamie for running with Amanda like run fast. I want to thank Katie for running with me to making sure I finish the got to the finish line. And I also want to thank our Patreons who we couldn't do these videos without your support. Thank you so much. If you want to become a Patreon, click the link down below.
