---
video_id: jTsRoIcuwMQ
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "BREAKING NEWS! Disney Changing Leadership (again) AND Is Pandora No Longer Happening At Disneyland?"
published: 2026-02-25
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTsRoIcuwMQ
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris. You're watching Park Pass and I got breaking news. Four breaking news stories about Disney. But before we get to that, I just want to say this right now, real quickly. Right now, all Provos Park Pass merchandise is 50% off. 50% off. That's right. 50% off. And once it's gone, it is gone. So, if you've been thinking about getting some Provos Park stickers or hoodie or a t-shirt or anything like that, once that's gone, it is completely gone. It's all 50% off right now. So, click the link down below. Okay. Now, also we got to talk about Josh tomorrow. We gota talk about what's going on there. We got to talk about Disney Disneyland and park hopping. We got to talk about Monsters, Inc. and Pandora. Let's get into it. Oh, by the way, hit the subscribe button because I I've been invited to Disneyland Paris because I have a brand new opening of this new land there. I'll be one of the first people to see that. And also, in a week and a half, I'm going to be doing one of the coolest events in California. I'm not even allowed to talk about it. It's not Disney, but you guys want to see this. and I've been invited this to the one of the first sneak previews of it. So, make sure you hit the subscribe button so that way when that video drops, you'll be the very first to see it. Trust me, you guys speculate what it is down below. I'm not allowed to talk about it yet, but it's happening soon. All right. Now, if you remember, three weeks ago, I made a video. I was in a hotel room. I got woken up about the announcement of Josh Dear becoming the new CEO. And in that video, I kind of did a little road map of things that would be happening when Josh became CEO. I want you. Let's roll the clip. Roll the clip. >> There might be a shakeup. If some leadership, the senior leadership um but they don't want to make it if there if Josh feels like there's anybody who's not aligned to his goals, then at that point he might kind of kind of get them to to move off, but they don't they're not they don't just like that usually in that those types of roles, they don't say like this person's fired. They're like, "This person has been located to a new role and whatever." And they kind of move them over because Josh is going to try to surround himself with people who completely uh are aligning with his goals and what he's trying to do. So, there might be a little bit of leadership change. That's somewhat normal there. I made a prediction that he's going to be shaking up his leadership. Well, guess what? It's already happening. So, this is Christina. I think her last name is Shake. Uh I'm not exactly sure how to pronounce it. This is Christina Shake. and she was brought on to be the chief compliant the chief communications officer under Bob Chapek in 2022 and then after Bob Chapik left she's been working alongside Bob Iger and you have to remember these dates this is very important so in uh June so if in October of this year October of sorry October of 2025 Christina did a contract extension until June of 2027. So, just like four months ago, she did a contract extension saying that she's going to continue to doing her role until June of 2027. Well, last night it was announced she's leaving the company. She is going to be she's leaving the company. And the date of her last day is March 18th. Why is that date important? Because that's the very first day that Josh Dearo is going to be the brand new CEO of Disney. And Christina's last day is going to be on March 18th. This is the most clear indicator and we need to look through this through their business lens. Like zoom in business lens. This is the clearest indicator that Josh has a vision of what he wants to have accomplished and he's aligning himself with people that's going to help him accomplish that vision. Now, I don't know anything about Christina. I don't I don't I'm assuming she's probably a fantastic employee and all this, but for some reason, she is uh going to be let go. She's even though she did a contract extension, they're letting her go on March 18th. Now, of course, when you're at this type of level, when you're at the sea sweets, they don't usually generally say somebody's getting fired. Wall Street does not like that because if they came in and says, "Oh, Christina is being fired," then the Wall Street be like, "Are you saying she's done a bad job last couple years?" No, they're just saying she's moving on to new opportunities, the greener pastures, yada yada yada. That type of stuff. It's kind of fluff pieces that are put out there saying they thank her. Bob Iger's thanked her for her great work and all of that. and they're saying she's moving on to new opportunities. But make no mistake, this is the clearest indicator that we're getting that Josh Dearo is taking this very serious and he's aligning people that can actually fulfill whatever his vision is. Now, I talked about in that video I also talked about like, you know, CEOs, they'll sometimes they'll surround themselves by like yesmen or they surround themselves by visionaries, people who are smarter than them. Hey, before we continue, can you roll tape about that last thing about how CEOs had two different types of CEOs? Roll the tape on that. Now, CEOs can almost always be put into one of two buckets. One of two buckets and we'll see what Josh tomorrow does. The first bucket is they still want to be the smartest man or woman in the room. And they surround themselves with yesmen. They act like their egos are large. They act like they know more than anybody else. And their law, their word is law. And that's it. You got a lot of CEOs who do this. The other type of CEO, and I think this is what Josh is going to do, but we don't know. We'll have to wait and see, is they realize they can't they can no longer be the smartest person in the room because there's too many variables. There's too much going on. Hotels, cruise lines, theme parks, media, uh, I mean, food, everything, entertainment. And so what they will do is they'll surround themselves with the smartest people that they can. And then the CEO goes like this. They're like, "Hey, I might not know the answer, but I can get you an accurate answer because I got people I trust." So, you got people who surround themselves with smart people or they got the person who's trying to be the smartest person. I think Josh tomorrow is going to go this route. This is a clear indicator that Josh is got some stuff going on in his mind and he wants to make sure the correct people are in their right roles in order to accomplish this. So, that's big deal. Big big deal. All right. Now, we got to talk about Disneyland park hopping. But before we get to Disneyland park hopping, I need to talk a little bit about Walt Disney World park hopping rules so you can understand the differences between Walt Disney World and Disneyland. Disney World, when you go park hopping, whichever your main the first reservation you have, so you say my first reservation is at Animal Kingdom and then I want to park hop over to Epcot. I have to check into Animal Kingdom then go to Epcot. I can't just go straight to Epcot. So you you have to check in to the first whatever your first destination park is. You have to scan your ticket in there, then you are free to park hop after that, but you have to go to your original destination park. Disneyland is a little bit different. Disneyland is at 11:00 a.m. 11:00 a.m. you can start park hopping. So, if I went and made a reservation for Disney California Adventure and I really wanted to go to Disneyland and I wasn't getting the park until after 11:00 a.m., so I was getting there at noon, I could go straight to Disneyland. I don't have to check in first at Disney California Adventure. I can go straight to Disneyland and just go in. So, you just make your whatever your reservation you want and after 11:00 you can just go to whatever park you want. So, I did a little video here. There's a little side by side. You see this? I went on the app and showing this. So, go in when you go in to make a reservation if you have a ticket uh or annual pass. You go in, make a reservation, you select the date and the first question it's going to ask you is which park do you want to go to? Disney California Adventure or Disneyland? And then you select your park. Now, if you got there at a park opening, you have to go to that regional park. So, if I selected Disney California Adventure, I would have to go to Disney California Adventure, but after 11:00 a.m., I could hop over to Disneyland. Well, it was just announced that Disneyland is getting rid of the park hopping 11:00 a.m. rule. We don't know exactly when that's going to happen. We know it's going to happen in 2026, but the park hopping portion of reservations is gone. Gone. So, what does this mean? This is kind of crazy to me. So, that means now I can just go in, make a reservation for Disney California Adventure, and go straight into Disneyland at 9:00 a.m. or 8 a.m. It doesn't matter. There's no there's no time constraints. So, it's kind of feels like we're getting closer to no reservations at Disneyland. Um, because this getting eliminating this park hopping rule, I think, is just one soft step that's happening. Getting a little bit closer to maybe eliminating park reservations. So, now I can make a reservation of a Disney California Adventure at 8 a.m. I can just go right into Disney. No problemmo. Now, this hasn't gone into effect yet. We don't know when this is going to go into effect. We just know it's going to be going into effect sometime in 2026 this year. All right. Next up, big news for Oh, my boy Soleie here, Monsters, Inc. The ride has been extended. It was going to be closing very soon here. Uh, but it's going to be extended. It will be open until the end of 2026. Monsters Inc., I love that ride. I love that attraction. and I love Soleie, one of my very favorite characters. So, Monsters, Inc. is now going to be open until the end of 2026. I love that. This, by the way, is a little side story. It's not one of the four breaking news stories, but it's a little side story. March 1st, for those in Walt Disney World, the California uh Florida side, March 1st is the closing day for Aerosmith's Rock and Roller Coaster. That will be the last day guests can ride it. It'll officially be closed on March 2nd and they'll start to refurb it into the Muppets Mayhem roller coaster. So, just so you guys be aware of. Now, this story about Monsters, Inc. is going to directly go into the next story, and we need to speculate. And I don't like to speculate a lot on this channel. I try to give you really solid facts, but we need to speculate. This means that Pandora, the Pandora land is going to be pushed back because that was part of this Monsters Inc. was going to be closing. They're going to use that area possibly for Pandora. And uh now that Monsters Inc. is going to be open stay open for the rest of this year. That means Pandora's push back. This has got my mind spinning. I'll tell you why. Because do you know who loves Pandora? Do you know who loves loves loves Pandora and Avatar? Bob Iger. He loves it. He loves it. and Bob Iger will no longer be in charge starting on March 18th. Does this mean that maybe Josh Dearo is maybe wavering on the whole Pandora idea? Maybe they're change they're changing things up, shaking it up a little bit. The delayed keeping this open, the Monsters Inc. opening maybe means that they're going to try to do something new. Maybe. I don't know. But I'm kind of hopeful. I will I'm going to give you my opinion. This is just my thoughts. My wife is sitting off here. She's she's giving me her thoughts about this. Pandora is fantastic. It's awesome, but it's not I don't know. It's not something I was clamoring for. I wasn't out there like, "Give me Pandora." Um I don't feel like a lot of people like when they announced Pandora is coming to Disneyland, I think people are like, "Huh, okay. Okay. I see that. I see it. I wonder if they're going to be retooling this whole idea and maybe giving us something else. What if they gave us a Villains Land?" What? What if they gave us a TRON ROLLER COASTER? WHAT? WHAT IF THEY GIVE US A brand new attraction that we've never even heard of? That's amazing. I don't even know. >> Some people ARE ASKING FOR ZOOTOPIA. >> OH. OH MY. REALLY? My wife just said Zootopia is a popular request. People are clamoring. Well, that would be craziness. That's awesome. I love that. I didn't know that. That would be amazing. My wife is a big fan of Zootopia and that would be awesome. What about a Duffy Land babe? >> Oh, please. >> What do we have? What about the Duffy and Friends? I think they can make a comeback in America. >> Oh my gosh. If they did Duffy and Friends Duffy and Friends, I think people at first would be like, "Huh?" Yeah. And I think it would be so popular there would be a lion trying to go in once people got bitce once they got bit by the Duffy bug. >> Oh, it'd be insane. >> Yeah, it'd be amazing. So, anyways, this is just my speculation. I think it's interesting because I know that Bob Iger was a huge fan of and proponent of Avatar and uh Pandora. And now that he's leaving all of a sudden that they announced that Monsters Inc. is still going to be open. I'm wondering if they're retooling that idea. Maybe they're scrapping it all together. Maybe not. I don't really know. But that I think that's a sign. >> I think that's a sign. So, this is this is a big deal. Okay, here's your homework. One, hit the subscribe button. In about a week and a half, I'm going to be going to one of the coolest experiences. I can't I can't even talk about it. I can't tell you what it is. You guys can speculate. I was I'll give you a hint. It's not Disney related, but theme park related. And it's going to be awesome. and uh you want to see that video right when it comes out. So, hit the subscribe button. It's free. Something you could do. Also, all of our merch is 50% off until it's gone. Once that merch is gone, it is gone. And that's it. That's all I have for you guys. I hope you guys have a fantastic day. I want you to know how amazing you are. And you are awesome. I'll be coming back uh with more uh updates for you, uh breaking news. We got a whole bunch of other videos. So, make sure you hit the like button. If you really like this video, hit the like button. And if you love it and you feel good about it, hit the subscribe. That's how you give me a big huge hug hug. But I I I do I do need to take a quick quick quick moment to talk to you. I know in these busy times right now, a lot of things are going on in the world right now and this message is just for you. I want you to know how amazing you are. I appreciate you. You are unique and you are special and you make the world a better place. You are awesome. You really are. And if you're struggling, it will get better. It will. It always does. All right, guys. I'll see you in the next video. BYE-BYE. >> WE TALKED ABOUT breaking news. Josh tomorrow shaking up the staff. Woohoo. Park hopping. You can park up hop anytime you want at Disneyland sometime soon here in 2026. Monster thing and Pandora might be going. Who knows about that last one? But thank you so much for watching and to all of our patreons. Thank you so much. We wouldn't do these videos without you guys. You're amazing and we love you. If you want to become a Patreon, click the link down below. You won't regret it.
