---
video_id: 0fvVOHghGpA
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Frozen World FULL TOUR! Plus Amanda ACCIDENTALLY Discovers The GREATEST DRINK DISNEY Ever Created"
published: 2026-03-21
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fvVOHghGpA
---
Today's the day. I'm so excited to be going in to see the world of Frozen here at Disneyland Paris. Oh my gosh. Ludic. Hello. >> What in the world? Hello. Surprise. Hi. Sorry. I never know how to hug a French man. >> Did I do it? Did I do it? >> Yes. Yes. It's so good to see you. >> So, we're ready for Frozen. We're ready for Frozen. I cannot wait. So, I just got checked in. We had to get our little paper, our little ticket. We're then going to have a wristband, but it's kind of crazy. People are lining up an hour in advance. They're ready for it. >> We're ready. >> This is very exciting for Disneyland Paris. Yeah. >> Like very exciting. This is >> big news. >> This is big news. So, we're now waiting. Then we get our wristband and then we can go into Frozen, do the attraction, see all the things, maybe even eat some yummy food. Should be good. So, let's do it. Come with me. Should go shopping. All the things. Disney Adventure World. Preview access >> Disney Adventure World. Why did they change their pronounce to the studios? Walt Disney Studios. >> Yeah, because the first name was not a success report. >> So you want to change the name for a new success? >> A new Yes. Okay. So brand new, refresh, restart. >> Yeah. For erase the past. >> Erase the past. We're starting new. >> Here we go. To me reminded me of Burbank, California. I always thought of Burbank. So, I wanted Disneyland Paris to have something original, completely unique. My new Disneyland Paris uniform. This has taken over Disneyland Paris. I'm so happy to be a part of it. Ah, I love it. I love it. Look how cute. Sorcerer Mickey. Sorcerer Mickey. So cute. And then what does it say right here? I don't even know. Sorcerer Mickey. >> Surface. >> Oh, yes, of course. But these colors are so darling. It just seems so French. >> And United States. >> It's what? >> USA is the same. >> USA the same. True. True. But this cannot be found at the USA. Only in France. Love it. >> Okay. Here we are. We're waiting to get in. >> In French, it's dango. >> Dango. >> Dingo. Dango. >> Dango. >> Okay. >> You have a chipel for you. Us. It's a tick tac. >> Tick tac. >> Tick tac. >> Uh, you have a Scrooge McDuck. >> Yes. in French is pixu >> pixu. Okay, the line is starting to move. They're just letting us in and they said go directly to the Frozen attraction. So that is it. The next time >> the next time you guys see me, we're going to be going into Frozen and I cannot wait. World of Frozen. Um we are doing great. We're jetlagged. Do you see the bags under my eyes? We had our overnight flight. We hit the ground running. Did Disneyland Paris this morning and now it's time for the World of Frozen preview. And we're going to be out until like 11 or midnight. And right now it's 3:00. But let's go. Let's go. Okay. Sorry. I said the next time you'll see me I'll be on Frozen. But no, that's not true. I'm just too excited. There's too much going on and too much to show you. World premiere, you guys. This is now going to be >> ah so different from Walt Disney Studios of what it used to be. It's now Disney Adventure World. And you come through here. They've worked hard to spruce this up. You still enter here like normal, but they are scraping the old and entering in the new with Disney Adventure World. So, this park no longer Walt Disney Studios March 29th. It's Disney Adventure World. Oh, it's beautiful. This looks lovely. I really love it. Very pretty. I love the lights. The Oh, it's so pretty. Feels like you're seated outside in the evening. Very pretty. I love this. All right. So, when you get through the inside area, this is all new. This pathway is completely new. You just walk straight and then it's to the right side of the Hollywood Tower of Terror. So, I love love love that Disneyland Paris still has the Hollywood Tower Terror. I hope they never get rid of it. They should keep it that way. And then this line looks like people are ready to go in to the World of Frozen right over here. Okay, the program. Oh my gosh, we're almost in. Okay, this says Adventure Way, World of Frozen, Worlds of Pixar, World Premiere Plaza. Interesting. Okay, so if you look ahead, you can see um this is Toy Story Land over there. It looks like the What is that? The RC Racer. Oh, you can see the little trinket toys in the background. Beautiful. It smells good. >> Here we go. >> So, I'm here with my friend Jamie. Everyone say hi Jamie, my friend Disney friend. And we just logged into the program. And the program is in French. So, we'll just wing it. We can do the Google Translate, but it'll be fun. Oh my gosh. Here we are. Oh, it's so pretty. Oh my gosh. Yeah. So, the tangled spin. >> Yes. >> I think it's open. >> Open. >> Oh my gosh. All right. So, you see the beautiful tangled boat that greeted us first. Tangle Spin. Looks like a cute little boat ride. And then look how absolutely gorgeous this is. They did a phenomenal job with the background. Don't worry, I'll get you guys close. Hang in there. Oh my gosh. >> Oh my goodness. It's gorgeous. Oh my goodness gracious. This is so beautiful. They have Elsa's castle. If you can see up there, I'll get you closer. They have the regular castle. This beautiful pond. My goodness. I love it. I love it. It's magic. So pretty. Yeah. This is dreamy. This is so pretty. I love the water. >> Here we are. >> This is amazing. It literally feels like you're like in Arendelle >> 100%. Like we've arrived. I almost want to cry. >> So beautiful. >> So cool. >> It is so beautiful. I feel like this land was made with love. >> This is something that took like a ton of TLC. >> Oh my gosh. The >> details. It seriously I feel like I want to cry. This is gorgeous. >> Oh, look. Did you see Anna and Elsa on the tower? Oh my gosh. Just soak it in. This is beautiful. The colors are perfect. The designs are perfect. The little details are amazing. Hello. The costumes are beautiful. The colors. They nailed the colors. So, when you walk in, this is truly immersive. Like the music, the buildings, the castles. It's absolutely gorgeous. So, you walk straight ahead and it's the Frozen Ever After attraction. >> You can see Elsa's castle up there. This is magic. This is truly beautiful. Adults can appreciate it, but children of course are going to love it. Okay, we're not doing the attraction right now. It's not quite open, but we're going to do a meet and greet and check out the shops. We lined up to do the attraction, but it's not open quite yet. So, we're like, "Okay, I think we're gonna do a meet and greet. We're going to do meet and greet right now." It's just like one of those things that you're like, "Okay, let's do this. Let's do this. Let's do this." We also have a special access later tonight when the entire park closes down. So, stay tuned till the end because you're going to see a totally different experience at nighttime when the park is completely closed. Right now, it's a preview of it during the day. All right. So, to me, Anna and Elsa, they gave us a return time. How sweet. 3:25. So, we have just a few minutes until we go in. And then this right here is the I don't even know how to say that. Something Royale, the meet and greet. Ranch. This one's right. That's what I did in French. That was good. That was really good. But let's go check inside of the boutique. It's so pretty. Oh my gosh. Welcome to the boutique. This is so stinking cute. Look at this. Ah, cuteness factor 10 out of 10. This is only in little kids sizes. Jamie and I are like, why don't they have adults? We could squeeze into this, right? >> Oh, they're so cute. Oh my gosh. Oh my goodness. So darling. Okay, what's this little this little number? What is this? Oh, this is like a legit outfit. This isn't just theme park clothes. This is real Arendelle clothes. They have like actual real clothes from Arendelle because Arendelle is real and it's here at Disneyland Paris and they have the clothes that you can buy so you can fit in the village of Arendelle. I think I'm going to buy it. I think I need to wear this. >> I really would buy this. >> I'd buy it if it was our size. Look at these. Stop it. Stop it. Oh my gosh. Okay, I've already picked out one thing I'm going to buy. These are coming with me. Thanks for joining me, you guys. I know I'm absolutely manic, but this is magical. Disney Paris is magical. I'm so happy for them. I'm so happy to be here and I'm so happy you guys are here with me. All right, when you see something that you like, let me know in the comments if you're like, "Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good." These are the real Arendelle clothes. Like this is what if I'm just be boopping around Disneyland Paris in this little number. Like this is amazing. I think I want it. I think I want this one honestly. >> So cute. Literally looks so warm. >> Here's our spirit jersey. Pretty blue. World of Frozen on the back. Very cute. Oh, there's the castle down there. That's cute. >> Super cute. >> It's a little sparkly. I love the blue. That's cute. And then t-shirt, sweater, water bottles. Oh, so you could also just have Olaf as a headband. >> But these guys, man, those are so cute. >> Okay, this is going to be super popular with the kids. And I feel like this is a great easy souvenir because the parents can be like, "Okay, yes, you can have this." Is it a magnet? I think >> I think the Is it a shoulder buddy? >> It's a shoulder buddies, right? So, these are some of the >> the magnets inside. >> What? Yeah, that's great. >> A good one cuz some of the shoulder buddies, >> they're too big and they fall down. >> They fall down. This is a good size. >> And honestly, these are such great toys for kids because it's a plushy, so they're excited to have it, but then they can also wear it, but then it's small for like parents to take home. I love these. I think these are genius um souvenirs and adults, too. Like adults can wear them on their shoulders. Okay, this is so cute for the kids. Oh, I would buy that for Miles in a heartbeat. Cute. Olaf hat is cute. Is this a little backpack? It's got a zipper. What is that? >> It's got some zippers. >> Yeah. >> You can put little things. It's a little pouch. >> Little little pouch. All right. Oh, they have this in adult sizes. Crap. What am I going to buy? Cuz I want all the things now. And this, too. That's amazing. Look at them. This is amazing. I cannot handle this. I love this. And I love that. And I love that for Miles we would match. This is incredible. Oh, these are so stinking cute. Me, too. Well, how's the back? >> What I wanted. >> Yeah, >> but then I'm like, >> there's nothing on the back. >> I know. which is kind of nice and simple. >> Yeah, it's simple. It's simple. It's not like screaming in your face. Castle. >> Oh my gosh. What am I going to do? What am I going to do? >> 70. >> Okay, that's actually not bad. I expected 120. >> Yes. >> Oh, man. Okay. And then you've got the bubble wands. Of course, you have to have bubbles. So fun. And then dresses. Yes. For those that want to dress up. I know. It's poofy. And it's like poofy. Oh. Oh, and they have shoes. Bows. Get all dalled up. More dresses. They have wigs. Wow. You could go all out. Dolls >> and more plushies. Very nice. >> Yes, Sven is so cute. >> Oh, Olaf is in like the little reindeer sweater. >> So sweet. >> Oh, those are fun. >> I forget what his >> I don't know his I don't know his name. >> Mini salamander. Like the little salamander dude. >> Yeah, >> he's cute. >> Very nice. Very cute. Oh, darling. They did great. This is so so cute. And look how pretty the shop is. The shop is gorgeous, too. Sorry if I've been like wiggling the camera around. I am completely out of control right now. This is so fun. Like this is so fun. I feel like a little kid again. Be like everything. So cute. So, we are we are debating. Do I prance around as Olaf or do I get in like a villager outfit? And I cannot decide. or do I buy them both and do like an outfit change halfway through? Okay, I think we have our winner. We just held up the hood and we both like squealled. I think this is our winner. He's got his little face. And this is important to me. If you guys know, this is so important to me. U merchandise. I love it to say where you're at cuz you need to know like where you went to. You traveled near and far to get to. And this one says Disneyland Paris on the sleeve. So this one I'm really like this could be the winner. The minute we saw the hood, it was game over. Look at that. Unreal. Also, I feel like I'll wear this again. You could wear it. We were talking about wearing it just like lounging around the house. I don't know if I'd ever wear the other ones ever again except right now. These I could do. Is that our winner? I think that's our winner. >> It's a winner. >> I think it's our winner. I'm going to be Olaf. My dream come true. Yes. >> My gosh, I'm so excited. Okay, I can't wait to show you guys. I'm going to try on what I got. Are you ready to see what I got? >> Drum roll, please. >> So, Olaf, >> where in the world can you be Olaf? Right here. I didn't have parents at Ariel. Isn't that so freaking cute? Look. Look. And these little We are having so much fun shopping. We forgot that we have our meet and greet with the princesses right now. We're a couple minutes late. Hopefully they'll let us in. If not, it's okay cuz I'm just like enjoying myself. I'm having the best time ever. Nice. I mean, you're at a Disney park, but you're really not at a Disney park anymore because you're in Arendelle. Oh my gosh. Wow. Oh, this is lovely. Oh, this is so pretty. Again, the colors. They've nailed the colors. Look at that family portrait. The little girls. Hi. The colors. I cannot get over the colors. I know I keep talking about the colors, but this is such a minor like detail to me that can make a major difference. It's beautiful. Even down to the red carpet, so you feel like royalty when you meet the princesses. Okay, we're walking down this royal hall and she said second door. Hello. Hello. Oh, so beautiful. >> We have Anna and Elsa here. So beautiful. Oh my goodness, you guys. This is unreal. Hi. So nice to meet you. Hello. Oh, so >> we just walked out of the meet and greet and it was perfect timing because the boats are coming. This is incredible. Look how gorgeous. Oh my goodness. Oh my gosh. Look, this is unreal. Like, is this real life? It's perfect. Hi Wow. So pretty. >> So cute. So, you can notice that Olaf right now, he's a puppet. He's not the animatronic. So, if he's, you know, needing to rest, if he's feeling a little warm and melting, then they probably let him rest the real Olaf and then bring out a puppet for different shows. But they're beautiful. The boats are absolutely beautiful. And we'll try to hit another boat show later on and see if Olaf is feeling better to um see the real Olaf. But he's so cute. I mean, the puppet is amazing. Like, I'm happy with this. He's so cute. They did a phenomenal job. Again, the colors, the colors, the colors, the colors. >> Oopsie. >> All right. Jamie and I were just talking about and she said that it would be a really fun area to work at. I mean, their costumes, the energy, the entertainment. This would be wonderful to be here. Like, look at the look at the colors. Look at the colors on their outfits, you guys. The colors. >> The attraction is now open and so we're going to ride it. We're going to check it out. Now, this attraction actually has a lot of secrets, so you need to stay tuned for the secrets of this attraction and also be sure to watch it. Watch Chris's video that has all of the full rides, all of the full full shows. Sorry, I can't even talk. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. All my words are coming out jumbled. But you want to watch Chris's videos that has all of the full shows and full attraction. Okay, here we go. Oh, how darling is this? This is so cute. I want that little swimsuit. That's so cute. A so darling. That is darling. This um queue is very darling. It is different. It's different um than the other cues that I've been in. I like it. We made it. >> So beautiful. >> We're ready. Okay. You've been on Epcot? Yes. >> Okay. So, you've been on uh Frozen at Epcot. about to go on Frozen in Hong Kong, but this one has a little secret that no one knows about, no one has talked about, no one has even shown or mentioned it. So, we're going to try to find it. And if I find it, then we will show you guys here. No one knows about this. This is super hidden secret. So, wish us luck and you guys look for it, too. We're looking for a super secret, unknown hidden Mickey. Oh, there goes my phone. Whoa. I'm recording. Sorry, guys. Unreal. >> Oh, there's a new >> Okay, here is the room. You ready to see the super secret hidden Mickey Nikki? rules for me. >> Here we are. >> All right, time to go. This looks steep and ominous. Oh man. And you guys need to follow our Instagram cuz we show a secret right here that you guys need to check out. Oh man. Oh man. We're stuck. This is adding to the suspense. Getting a little nervous. A little nervous. >> Okay, here we go. Oh no. Oh no. >> So fun. So fun. It's perfect. >> So beautiful. And again, the colors. The colors. Colors. >> This is beautiful. You can get ready all Elsa and Anna up. I love that. That's so pretty. That is the prettiest braid I've ever seen. I would love that. And my hair could use the help right now. Could use all of that help. That's gorgeous. Now, it's not just uh it's not quite time to eat yet, but I want to look at the menu to see what it offers. But again, can we just take a minute to look at the colors? I mean, those colors. Oh, everything looks so good. Okay, so look at my head. Look at us. You've got like It almost reminds me of the the little green men like the little the claw, don't they? How like the Yes. the little aliens. And then look, I'm like a narwhal. Got one little nubb in up here. >> Snowgies. >> Snowgies. Okay. Check out Jamie's snowies. They are too cute for words. They're so darling. So, we've got the snowgies and then this amazing fleece jacket, which is so stinking cute. I love them so much. I love them. And I love that it's not screaming in your face frozen. It's just like the perfect touch of Frozen. But the little snow geese and the little snowflake and the colors. >> The colors. The colors are perfect. You guys, this land is too pretty. Can you believe that this exists? This exists in our world and we're able to visit it. Not only just visit it, but experience it. And then you look over here and it's a gorgeous pond. I love it. So, we started over there. We're now going to explore over here and then we're coming back tonight for more fun and excitement. Amazing. Such an incredible job. It's beautiful, you guys. Forgot to even talk about the attraction. I'm just so excited. I'm forgetting everything. But it's just as fun and as magical and enchanting as it should be. The animatronics are gorgeous. They did a phenomenal job with Anna and Elsa. Their faces are just it's flawless and it captures their personality and their little like, you know, like their quirks and their beauty. It's just perfect. And then um the drop was intense, but like the drop is a little bit steeper, a little bit faster, and it's so cute. And did you guys see the super super secret hidden Mickey that no one is talking about? You guys saw it here first. Love how wide and expansive it is. Um, we're now coming around the other side. If you look closely, you can see Mickey over there. They're doing a character meet and greet, and he looks so cute in his outfit. His outfit is so cute. I'll try to zoom in, but check out his colors. Oh. Oh, man. Oh, man. Whoop. Oh. Oh, look at his hat. So darling. So cute. So, as we're walking around, I love that there's a lot of space. I love the trees. And we found this. This looks nice. We're just checking out our food options right now. All right. So, what are these? Uh, bread bowls, it looks like. Oh, wow. Yum. Gourmet drinks. That looks delicious. What is this one? Lava za c coffee latte. Oh, I'm read I'm reading in English and I'm like struggling. Popcorn flavored syrup, whipped cream, caramel sauce, and popcorn. Hello. Come to mama. All right, we're doing it. I was sold. Coffee and popcorn. Are they kidding? It's like my two favorite. Oh, I'm doing it wrong. Come over here. I am like manic today, you guys. I'm out of control. I can't even talk. I can't even speak clearly because I'm just so excited and it's just so fun. Like, let yourself be a little kid. Let yourself be silly. Let yourself wear this freaking pumpkin thing. It's not a pumpkin. It's a snowman. It's a carrot. See? Like I'm also running off in three hours of sleep cuz I landed and I'm here. Let yourself be fun and have fun. Hello. As I was saying, um it's just so fun. This is what makes Disney, I feel like, magical for kids and adults. It's a safe place that you can go enjoy with yourself on your own, with your friends, with your spouse, your partner, your girlfriend, boyfriend, any of anything, and with your children. So, it it doesn't matter what stage of life you're in, whether you're a young child up to your sunset years. I love it because it's just a safe, fun, childlike joy environment for everyone. And now I'm going to cry because where's my popcorn? Here's my popcorn coffee. I can't cry right now. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. This is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. So, it's popcorn on top, whipped cream, popcorn flavored syrup. >> Yes. >> And a latte. >> Oh, >> the popcorn. Delicious. Oh, thank you so much. Thank you. I love it. I'm so excited to try it. All right, I'm ready to try this little number. This was seriously made for me. Like, I could not think of anything more perfect. It's like my two favorite flavor combinations into one. All right, let's try. It's dripping a little bit. Got a little messy. Oh, that's good. M. Oh my gosh, it is so good. This is perfection. Caramel popcorn. They call it pop love. Oh, this is too good. That is magical. That is freaking delicious. I could not think of a better combination. That is so good. There's like the bitter latte with the sweet caramel and then like a little bit salty of the popcorn. They did it. They did it. So, we had our little afternoon experience in Arendelle and it is just enchanting. It is phenomenal. But now we're like, "Oh, we want to go out into like the real park and kind of ride some rides and see what we can do." So, we only have a little bit of time. So, we're going to go do the tram cuz I think it's so cute. I love the tram. We're going to do the tram and then we're going to do Crush's Coaster because Crush's Coaster is unique and special here to um Disney Adventure World. Then we have our exclusive event tonight back in Arendelle in the world of Frozen. So that's what we're up to. This is my favorite sign in the whole park and we always get a picture of Miles here. So right now I'm really missing little guy, but we'll bring him back soon. Smiles for Miles. This ride is really cute and it's a Disneyland Paris exclusive. So, we're going to ride this and it's just it's darling. Great for kids and adults. It's a little like rest great ride if you're feeling really tired. Sorry. Thanks. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Eiffel Tower. >> Eiffel Tower. >> We're going to do Crush's Coaster and it is down right now, which is a little bit of a bummer, but we'll see what's going on and then go from there. We still have a fun evening tonight. See over the barrier. Um, the official opening is March 29th, so it's not quite open yet. Once those walls go down, I feel like this is going to be absolutely gorgeous. You see the lights and then you see Arendelle in the background. So pretty. So, since Crushes is down, we're going to try to use our Lightning Lane, Fastpass, Premier Express, whatever the right uh terminology is for Hollywood Tower of Terror. Classic. So, so great. I miss it at Disneyland. I do. I miss it. Look how beautiful it is. We got crepes. Thank you. I like touched it. That was weird. That was awkward. At an awkward moment. But we got crepes because we're in France. So, you got to get some crepes. Jamie got Nutella. I got sugar. And look how pretty this park is now at night. This looks so pretty. We are heading back into World of Frozen. We're going to have our nighttime spectacular. But first, crepes. Just like that, we're back in World of Frozen. Well, not quite World of Frozen yet, but we're back in the adventure area. So pretty. The lights, the music is so nice. And that is going to look gorgeous when it opens. So you walk in, you have Rapunzel over here, and then straight straight ahead is World of Frozen. But this whole area is new. All right, here in the Adventure Way. Hi, Minnie. Minnie is coming out with the marching band. Look at their outfits. I adore this, you guys. I know it's dark, but Disney Design Paris, they do colors right. I love those colors. That to me just looks like Disney Paris. Oh my gosh, look how cute they are. It's Aurora's pink and blue. Exactly. Oh my gosh, this is so stinking cute. Look at her. She's leading it. Oh, so cute. So cute. And there they go. So you guys had a really good view of their bumps, which we didn't know, but now you know. So, if you're at Disneyland Parish, you know where to line up to have the best viewing possible for the march marching band. Okay. Now, they also have a Rapunzel thing happening in just a few minutes. So, we'll go check that out. So, there's a Rapunzel musical moment, but first we're going to try out the Rapunzel boat ride. Look how darling this is. Super pretty. And the colors. Let's build them again. >> They look so smooth. So, so magical. What a great idea for a ride. These are darling. Again, lots of colors. >> The mural on the ceiling is beautiful. And look up there, the sun. You did great with this cute little attraction. >> All right, there we go. We're trying to spin it. It's not spinning. definitely. >> Oh, we found his sugar today. So, >> yes. So, our tummies are like >> darling though. The music is so fun. All right, you guys have to see this. This is one of the most prettiest places I've ever seen in a Disney park. It is unreal. Check out across the water. World of Frozen at night. This is so pretty. Like the lights and the reflection in the water. You see Arendelle. This is truly incredible. They did a beautiful job. Look how gorgeous. My goodness. I have never seen anything like this. This is so pretty. Way to go. We're back in Arendelle World of Frozen. It looks so pretty at night. This is a totally different experience. You have to experience that in the evening. And we are going to go to the Nordic Crowns Tavern, try to get a little bite to eat. And then we have a show tonight. It's really pretty in the evenings. We're inside. It's really pretty. Really cute. This one you go order, grab your food, and then have a seat. And you have to order with a kiosk, but you can look at the menu and kind of see what you want beforehand. They have a lot of different options. So, you can do all cart or you can do like this meal option. Very interesting. Yeah. Let's see what's over here. So, I'm looking at um this vegan option. It says pee and rice protein balls, onions, mushroom sauce with a vegetable medley, and crushed potatoes or quinoa. Get a little look at this menu. And a dessert. I think I've got to get a dessert. Okay, I got the vegan uh protein balls with vegetables and potatoes. And then look how cute this is. This is the winner. That is so so cute. And it has tulip water, which I've never had before, but I love that. And then Jamie got sort of the same idea, but what were the what were the meatballs? >> Turkey. >> Turkey meatballs. >> This is tutti frutti. >> Tutti frutti Olaf. So cute. Okay, so this was just solid meal. If you're hungry, you want something fast. Um I just don't love Beyond Meat, but they tasted fine. I love the potatoes. And then this little number is really delicious. I don't know what tulip water tastes like, so I can't really tell um like what the tulip water flavor is, but it's actually really good. It's really smooth and creamy and very vanillay. It's a good little ice cream treat and it was beautiful. And now it's time for the show and then that's it. Thank you so much for being with me today. It was so fun having you here and there is more Disneyland Paris videos coming up and then I'm handing you right back over to Chris. So we hope you had a fun time and if you want to see the entire show, go watch Chris's video. He'll have the whole show for you. But this is a beautiful, enchanting land. Feels like it was made with love. The colors are perfect. I absolutely adore it. Way to go, Desan Paris. Way to go. Oh my goodness. Wow. This is so cool. >> Wow. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. My mind was just blown. I think I just watched the best Disney show ever done. That was beautiful. But it was intense. It was exciting. The music was wonderful. The like the illustrations. I loved the illustrations. Oh my gosh. The fireworks, the drones. They had incredible drones and they had little like bubbles floating in the water. It was unreal. I have never seen anything like that. And oh my gosh, I was looking for you guys. Look who it is. Our Dutch bro. >> Hello. Hi, >> our wonderful friends from the Netherlands, Muel and Jordan. I'm so happy you guys are here. >> We're so amazed that you're here. >> It's just the best. >> It's not next door, you know. >> Just No, it's not next door. But seeing you guys is just the best ever. We love them. Love them. Love them from Details. We love them. So, how was your day here? >> Wonderful. >> Amazing. >> How amazing was Cascade of Light? >> I'm in shock. I'm in shock. That was the coolest Disney show. The drones, the fireworks, the music, the bubbles. Grandio. It was truly mindblowing. They didn't Epcot show now. >> Oh, yes. >> It reminds me a lot of Epcot. >> That's with like the water. >> It's more It's better than Epcot. >> Yes. Yes. But it is like that same like water shield that they put up with the visuals. It's incredible. Okay. So, you love the show >> through the sky. >> Yes. So many so many drones. >> At first, I thought there were bubbles. I was like, "Oh, they're like projecting bubbles." Boy, was I wrong. >> I was wrong. And then Jamie thought the little things in the >> in the water. >> They were ducks. >> She thought they were ducks. >> Little boats. >> So, yes. So, Disney blew our mind because I was thinking bubbles and you were thinking ducks. And they were actually like an insane part of the show. >> It's amazing. >> It's incredible. I'm so happy you guys are here and that we got to see you and say hi. You guys are the best. Everyone say hi. >> This is the end for real. Thanks again so much for joining me today. It's so fun having you here. Today was just mindblowing, enchanting, magical, phenomenal, all of the things. And thank you for letting me share it with you. Okay, stay tuned. More Disneyland Paris videos coming up. Bye-bye. M had the best day. She got the cutest little Olaf hoodie. And then she saw my really good friends and I'm super jealous, but she had fun. And then she found her most perfect drink ever, popcorn and coffee. Hey Patreons, thank you so much. We couldn't do these videos without you. And if you want to get your name on this end card, join our Patreon community. You won't regret it. For $3 a month, you can be behind the scenes. You get extra videos. It's stuff just for our Patreon members. You won't regret it. I'll talk to you guys later. The viney.
