---
video_id: 7k7KOnGELUc
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Animal Kingdom Is Ridiculous"
published: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7k7KOnGELUc
---
Hello everybody. You're watching Park Pass. Today we are at Animal Kingdom. We're going to have some fun at Animal Kingdom. But before we get to that, I have to tell you I'm upset with my wife. Amanda, I just told everybody that I'm upset with you. >> Okay. Why? >> This is why I'm upset with Amanda this morning as we're getting ready to come here to Animal Kingdom. Amanda's like, "Okay, hey, Miles. Chris, >> put on your Crocs with no socks." I'm like, "Crocs and no socks?" She goes, "Yeah." She because we're going to do the river ride and we're going to get our feet splashed and wet. So, we do not want you to have um wet shoes. used to wear Crocs and no socks. So Miles and I are like, "Right, Crocs and no socks." And as you can see, Miles and I are in Crocs and no socks. Amanda comes bopping in. Oh. Oh my gosh. >> Those guys just come be boppinging in. >> Amanda comes be boopping in. And she's got >> Don't show my feet. >> Don't show your feet. I'm totally showing your feet. >> She doesn't have Crocs. You've got teas. I didn't even know you had those. >> I can't show my feet for free. All right, guys. We're going in here to Animal Kingdom. My wife's got teas and Miles and I are in Crocs. No socks. I didn't even know my wife had those teas. And so >> Crocs are excellent, though. >> Yeah, Crocs are great. >> Okay, this is this is a fun park. If you've never been, we'll talk about it. I'm also going to teach you the best way to plan a vacation, how to do this step-by-step guide, because it can sometimes be a little intimidating. There goes my wife and son right there. This right when you first walk in, you have to choose either go right or left. >> And we are heading this way. >> Oh, we're looking at all the animals. This is what Amanda loves. She loves to look at the animals. They're so cute. They look so >> Oh, they're eating that lettuce right there. >> They're having this. >> They're having This is brunch. >> No, it's 2 p.m. >> Oh, it's 2 p.m. It's liner liner. There are technically four theme parks, actually even more if you count the water parks down here at Walt Disney World. You've got Magic Kingdom. Uh you've got Animal Kingdom where we're at right now. You got Epcot and Hollywood Studios. Now, when you come down on vacation down here to Florida, you can buy passes that allow you to park hop. But I'm going to suggest this. If it's your first time coming to Florida, you don't need park hopping tickets. You save yourself some money to get the normal tickets because park hopping is not like Disneyland. Disneyland, you back and forth all day long. here the parks aren't as close. It takes about 15 minutes sometimes to a half hour to get from one park to the other park. You have to take buses. You're not walking. Uh you have to do different ways to transfer. So, um I would suggest if your first time coming down, you can just Whoa, duck just flew right by. You can just get uh save yourself some money and um don't worry about that. >> Park. Also, the other thing is is there's some really good deals going on and I want to talk about this cuz I want to help you guys save money. If you call 1855 Getaway, 1855 Getaway, and they answer the phone, tell them Park Pass sent you, you're going to get the lowest prices on your tickets and your hotels here. This is my favorite part about using Getaway Today. They will help you as much, all of it, or as little as you want when you plan your vacation. If you want them to help you just get a reservation for dinner, then that's fine. Or if you actually want them to plan everything. So from take off takeoff to touchdown and they plan everything for you and you just follow the itinerary and you have everything planned for you. They'll do that for you. If you want them just to plan one day, they'll do as much or as little as you want when you plan your vacation. The first time that I came here to Walt Disney World, they planned out our whole itinerary for us. It made it amazing. We needed it. We needed it. My man is like saying, "We needed it." >> I still need it. I still need it. Sometimes I'm like, "Wait, what about this? What am I supposed to do here? Wait, when am I supposed to book the lightning lanes? When can I book the dining reservations? Wait, what restaurant should I do? Wait, what restaurant is new? >> It can Oh my gosh, they can help. So, >> so they have, but if you're like a type A personality and you're like, I want to plan my whole thing, then you can just get your tickets, your hotels at the lowest prices, and then you can plan it all yourself. But they will do as for little or as much as you want. So, hi. How are you? All right. I can't remember what I was saying. Um, but it doesn't really matter. I was just going to try and tell you they'll help you save your money on vacation. literally save yourself the money. Okay, now sorry about that. Okay, now uh what we're going to do is we're going to go through here to Animal Kingdom and show you all some of the things that Amanda and Miles like. If you are an animal lover and love animals, this is your park. Look at this giant tree sculpted up here. We're walking down here, coming down here, and checking everything out. This park closes a little bit earlier um than the other theme parks because it has animals. It has a preserve here. There's actually safari. It is really cool. If you've never been to Animal Kingdom, let me tell you what we're doing so you got to be prepared. First thing we're do is the safari. Then we're doing Everest, which is a fantastic roller coaster. And then we're going to go do the brand new Zootopia. It's where it used to be tough bug movie theater is. They have a Zootopia uh attraction. We're coming up here to one of Miles's very favorite things. Ever since he was four, we always have to stop here. Oh my gosh. There's Russell. Oh my gosh. Oh, sorry. >> That's crazy. It's got the little walker with the tennis balls on it. I love it. >> There they go. There they go. >> There they go. >> All right. So, this is the enclosure. Oh, there they are. Right there on the roof. See if I can zoom in. It might get caught on the called cotton top tamarind. I guess these little tiny monkeys. They are the cutest things in the world. And ever since Miles was four, he saw them. We always have to stop and kind of say hello to them. He loves them. Oh. Oh my gosh. Oh. Oh. Oh my. Oh my. And there is a tortoise right down here. See see if I can see it. It's kind of looking at us. >> Crazy. >> We had to We had to stop so Amanda could get an ice coffee. And now we are on our way to the safari. I love the detail. Awesome. Headed this way to the safari. When you do a safari, it's interesting. You're in a truck, right? And the truck's taking you out. You see all these animals. Animals always always have the right away. So if an animal ever comes and just lays down the road, the trucks are just waiting for the animal to move. Uh it's really fun though. Like you see most animals don't come by the trucks. They don't they don't like it, but kind of scares them, but they do have the right away. And it's funny cuz you see elephants and and lions and I mean everything. So fun. Little necklace market and the Harambe fruit market. Get some fruit. face painting and we got the safaris. We have a little fast pass lightning lane turning through Africa's amazing wildlife. Hi, thank you. Okay, we're now headed into this little pathway here that'll take us to the trucks. A little pass to take us down here. If you haven't done it, it's it's fun. You get to come here. You get in a real safari truck and get to walk around and not walk ride around. You learn all about the animals. They don't really crack jokes. It's not like the jungle cruise. They're It's like educational. They tell you cool things about animals that you just didn't know. >> Steamed safari guest, you're entering a reserve of the natural wildlife. Please do not throw or drop anything from your vehicle as the animals might eat it. This is the truck view. >> Here's our uh truck. We're going to get in right now. >> These are all the different animals that you could look for while you're going. >> There they are. >> We'll keep an eye out and look for what we can see. out your guide here for they really are driving the truck and talking >> here before we do see above your heads there's an animal spotting guide if you have not taken a look at that yet those are most of the animals that live on the river you're not going to find all those animals today but we tend to get pretty lucky so are very good at camouflage animals over here tend to use their natural forms of camouflage to blend in with vegetation since they usually survive out in the wild so sometimes animals hide on this over here but let's see what we can Holy cow. Like they're right >> side on top of the hill. That's our gamble with straight legs is the okapi on the left. The orange with horns is the ghost of specifically very hard to find. Glad we found one. Male and female bongos have the heavy duty horns. Help them not to get tangled. The black and white. >> Okay, that is beautiful. >> Those birds smile males and females by eye colors too. mouse separal and yellow. The okapi that's on the right that we see on top of the hill again striped legs kind of looks like they could be related to the zebra. They're actually related to the giraffe. They have a very sim have horns just the males will stand at about 55 in tall and they can jump about 6 ft high. On the left side we'll also see the black rhino resting here. They also have a very pointed upper lip that'll point down quite a bit. So that's we can tell it is a black rhino. The two horns they have on their heads are made of keratin which is the same material as our nail protector probably get torn on a tree trunk or something hard like that right now. >> Where's the hippo? Oh my gosh. >> To get a good view of the hippo for everyone right now, I'm sure. But those hippos are definitely found in water to hold their breath for several minutes at a time underwater. >> The pelicans that we're seeing though, they are going to get their name from the paint color that comes up on their back during mating season. They also have a wingspan that will reach up to about 9 ft wide, which is almost the width of the canopy above your heads on the truck. Let's make sure we're staying fully seated at all times. Kids also need to be on their bottoms. Please make sure we're not standing at night. >> You just kind of have to have your camera ready at all moments because you never know when somebody's going to show up. have one that is on our left side over this guard rail. So, it's up to see, but there is one that is in the water a little further on the left, one out of the water on the left. Lots of different areas just stay seated. Sit down. I don't think I've ever seen one walking around like that. >> Oh, look. Lay in the water. >> They just went down in the water. The hippos. >> Sit down. >> There's an alligator. See that alligator in the water, Miles? others that we are going to be finding some giraffes giraffes up here very soon. We are going to see on the right on the close of one here on our right already. So, we're going to go poly very slowly so we don't startle it. Giraffes being in a group like that a group of giraffes is called a tower which makes sense since they are the tallest animals in the world. They can get up to about 20 ft tall but when they're born they are born already at about 6 feet tall. Can't see his head. He's so tall. >> Wild preserve special looking giraffes on the left. They all have the spots on their coats. They're very jagged around the edges rather than perfect straight edges around their spots. That's going to show us that these are all Messiah giraffes in this tower in this group. We're going to make our way a little bit further here because I see a pretty young giraffe like a termite tower >> along with some animals on their heads. They more of a honeycomb like structure on the inside of them. They're almost hollow. >> Inside their horns, they have blood vessels that run through that structure, too. So, they use their horns to regulate their body temperatures. >> Probably at least a few feet taller than that, if not maybe double that height already. But, they are going to learn how to stay on the walk and run. And they'll get their name because as they shove a motion, they will spring or leap about 6 ft high repeatedly. They can also spring forward about 13 ft forward. >> Scooping poop. >> Someone's got to do it. >> Someone's got to do it. >> Sun on the left side. A brief view of a mandrel. That would be the same kind of animal as Rafiki and the Lion King. This would be way back behind those trees. The mandel a little bit. Angels have the bright red and blue colors on their faces on its back like I was just talking about. As elephants will also flound their ears on warm days which cool air to all the blood vessels on the back of their ear body temperature. And finally dolphins up on top of the dirt in front of it. So you may be able to find a peak of baby elephant. See it walking away. Baby elephants are born several hundred lb already. >> There was a baby elephant. I don't know if I can see it. Everybody, we found the black rhino and now we're going to see some white rhino. >> They are going to be on our left side of the head, but we'll be looping around to get a little bit closer. These white rhinos are about double the size of the black rhino from earlier. So, these ones can get up to about 6,000 lbs full. They also have a different mouth shape. The black rhino before had a pointed upper lip. The white rhino, these ones, they have a very wide mouth shape. They're standing nearby that mud wavo back there, too. They like to roll around in mud, especially on hot days like today. >> Can you believe that? There's >> rhinos. We're going to keep looking to our left. We're going to roll forward here. We're on to >> There's a cheetah. >> Although they are very fast. They cannot run that fast for very long. They just don't have the best endurance. Some cheetahs right in the back back there, middle of the screen. >> This is where the lions are, but they are they sleep like 20 hours. They sleep so much. They're usually hidden. I don't know how many hours they sleep. I just made that number up. But they sleep a lot. >> See some more white rhinos up ahead. They'll be up right. >> It's a lion right there. Oh, there he is. >> Every time we do this, I love it. >> Every time I'm like always got to find another chase them hoping that the predator does not want to chase them into the water. So, they're going to water for >> So, the word will give the goats a place to live, food and water. And in return, the goats provide their milk that can be made into things like >> So fun. Every time you do it, it's different. It's just amazing. So, now we're going to get some food. Let's go get some food together. >> All right, we're on our way. We got done this safari. >> That was so fun. It's always so fun. >> Now we're going to go get some food and then go ride Everest. I I do want to say this real quickly. See this umbrella? This is I don't know how we survived. When we first Amanda loves these and when we first first started getting them, I was kind of like weird. Once you started using it though, you're like, "How do we get around without it?" It cools you down. It keeps the sun off. You don't get sunburned as much, and it just makes a sign, particularly down here in Florida. I will put it down, a link to this down in the description if you want to order it. They're not very expensive, and they just really help you cool down on a hot day. And it's hot here. We're now headed to what's called the Salutine. I think it's pron I don't know how to pronounce it. Saline. Salutine Cantina. It's down in Pandora and it's we love this place. Excellent noodles and I love noodles but they it's a little bit different than what you normally have but oh they're so good. So we're making our way down there. By the way, this is also where they have the festival of Lion King. It's an amazing show here for the Lion King. I would suggest this. See how they have Lightning Lane? It's just a giant theater. I really wouldn't use your Lightning Lane for for the Lion King. I mean, it's because everybody goes and sits in at the same time, basically. Maybe somebody else could say a reason why you'd want to, but I'd save your Lightning for something else. All right, kind of entering into like the Pandora area. I remember during the pandemic, they had spacing, right? So if you wanted to ride Pandora um the flight of the Avatar, they had right here every six feet spaced out to wait in line. They had little markers for you to stand on that when the person vacated the marker, you'd walk up the next one and then the next one. The line was so spaced out came all the way down here. It felt like the line was forever long, but really just the spacing. So memories. If you guys can see that it says Disneyland Paris in the back of Amanda's shirt. Now you guys, Amanda just went to Disneyland Paris because she was invited to go do the Arendelle Froz. You guys are so kind and so receptive to those videos that we're thinking of maybe having Amanda take over the channel every once in a while and just go for a weekend somewhere. And you she'll just kind babysit the channel, go for a weekend somewhere. Who knows? And uh a little more Amanda time I think. Would you like that coming into Pandora? Pandora at night time is one of the most beautiful lands there is. It's they do it's all lit up with black lights and the sidewalk lights up, the trees, the rocks, it all lights up. Um during the summertime sometimes you can't see it because the park will close before it gets too dark. But if you're in the winter months, be sure to come at night time to Pandora and you will just be like, "Wow, here's the floating rocks. Amazing." And we're coming down here. It >> be interesting to see what they do in California cuz they're going to be opening up Avatar. >> It was delayed a little bit. Um, it's going to go kind of where the Monsters Inc. is and Monsters Inc. was now open until the end of the year. So, I wonder if they're rethinking it. This is where we're eating. It's the Satuli Canteen. And you select your protein, select your base, and it's really good. All right, our mobile order got ready. We're going to get our food. Once we get our food and get seated, then I'll show you our food. We got to get situated first. Here we go. This is the food. This is the noodles. And you can get different types of meat on it. It's some really creepy sauce. It's got a kind of a unique flavor and but it's so good. It's one of our very favorite things. And then Miles got the quesadilla. Amanda's a vegetarian, so she just takes the meat off of her noodles and we put it right there for Miles to eat. That food is so good. Those noodles are so good. I would suggest this though. They have a beef and chicken. Normally I'm a chicken guy, but their beef there is so good. I would just get Don't get the chicken, just get the full thing of beef and noodles. It's amazing. Okay, now you might be thinking, well, where are you headed to now? We are next headed to uh Everest. Expedition Everest. All the way across the park. Miles and I are going to go do it. Amanda's going to wait for us because she now gets a little motion sick. Okie dokie. We're now walking back. Those noodles are so good, we don't care. We walked one end of the park. Now walk to the other side. So, we go on our little roller coaster. And when I say little roller coaster, it's not little. It's amazing. >> We're gonna go right through here and just keep on walking. >> Hey, no, we need that bridge. >> It is one of the prettiest parks. We're going to walk across here. Look over there. Look at that tree. It's so pretty. Oh, there's over 300 carved animals in it. >> And now we're headed down here. >> I'm starting to wonder if Amanda did this on purpose. >> She just looked up. She's like, "Oh my gosh, I made a mistake." I'm like, "What?" She's like, "I forgot to get the Cali Rapids, >> the the river wrap. I think she just told us we're doing it to wear Crocs so she could wear teas." And then she's like, "Hi, suckers. >> My evil plan." >> Look how beautiful that is. >> What a cool. >> That is such a pretty view. >> Okay, guys. Here we are. This is Expedition Everest. It's an amazing roller coaster that goes forwards and backwards. It's just got all the cool um aspects of roller coaster you want. All right, we have these little lightning lanes we're getting ready to go on. just Miles and I. Well, that lightning lane was super fast. Like literally, we just walked. It was a 35minute wait, but we had a lightning lane and we are here. That took 2 minutes maybe. Here comes our train. >> There we go. We are off. Here we go. >> This is just to get us to the hill. >> All right, guys. We're going up. Up up up. Oh no. >> Oh no. The Yeti got the the track and ripped it up. Woo! WOW! WOO! UHOH. >> Oh no. >> Miles. >> Oh no. Oh, that's so good. Oh my gosh. Learn from our mistakes. So, we have like three lightning lanes here, right? and Amanda made them. And what happened is that she made it for Everest, the Cali Rivers, and the Kill Jamaro Safari. But then she panicked cuz she's like, "Well, we haven't seen the new Zootopia show." And so she cancelled the Cali River and got the Zootopia Lightning Lane. Remember I was telling you, don't ever really get a Lightning Lane for like a show. We just went on the app. The show is 10 minutes without the Lightning Lane. We should have kept the Cali River fast pass, the Lightning Lane, and just done the walk- on for Zootopia. So, if you're coming down here, it's something to keep in mind. >> How long's the the walk-on for Zootopia? >> 10 minutes. >> Which means it's probably a walk-on. >> Yeah. >> Maybe we could ride it twice a Lightning Lane and then just get right back on. I panicked. >> She panicked. You panicked. She loves Utopia. She wanted to see it. Yeah, but I should have done I should have cut my rabbits. >> Rookie mistake. It's like I've never been here before. >> That is a kind of a rookie mistake. >> All right, we're walking around. Can we up to the Zootopia? Cuz we have a fat a lightning lane for it. And Amanda's like, they're dancing. She goes, I want to dance with them. There she goes. My wife >> just squeezing out every moment of life, isn't she? There's Kevin. Oh my gosh. There she is. All right, guys. This is the Zootopia. Better zooter. Oh, look. There's a lightning lane right there. Yep. We're in the lightning lane. Yep, babe. We're in the lightning lane. >> Yeah, we really needed this one. >> This is a good one. >> I think it's understandable. She was excited. She loves Zootopia and panicked and she like, "We better be here. completely understandable. And look, there is this there's a fastpass line just now merges with everybody else's line. There is no reason to do fastpass for Zootopia, guys. So, what is interesting about Zootopia, my wife Amanda, she liked the first movie, but didn't she didn't love it. She just kind of liked it. When Zootopia 2 came out, she we saw it. Wait, I think I saw it three times. She loved Zootopia 2 so much. And now Zootopia is like her jam. She just that movie just really spoke to her. So that's why we're here. >> Zootopia. >> Still see all the little animals in the tree. That hasn't changed at all. They just changed the show. Interesting trivia. It used to be It's tough to be a bug and the attraction opened up the tough to be a bug opened up two months before the movie was released. So people down here in Florida, all these little signs here, those signs. So people, there are some people down here in Florida who saw Hopper, the giant grasshopper animatronic, 2 months before the movie came out. They didn't even know what it was. Then the movie ended up coming out. At the time when this when the it's tough to be a bug opened up, the Hopper animatronic was the most um ambitious animatronic that Disney had ever done. Now it's just gone. We're coming in now. You can't film, you can't videotape the uh the show, but I can show you coming down here what we can see until the show starts. coming down here. >> So, this is the paw pack. Our first zoo zoo together day. >> But when it was tying bug, this is the dung beetle ball. Happy day >> and we're going in. Make a coffee meal today. the Mississippi Delo Service. Whether you're riding in the back seat or in the truck, we don't ask questions. And while amusement park, where families wear matching shirts, thank you to the generous support of Hot Family Park today. >> All right, we'll tell you how it is at the end of the show. >> Amanda will give you her honest opinion. >> We are now going to hear from Amanda's honest review. >> My honest review. What about my dishonest review? >> It's cute. My honest review is it's cute. No longer scary. Um, which I actually loved Bug's Life and the spiders would come down and all the kids would cry and there would always be families exiting like right after that. It was like really scary. But this was cute. It was cute. It was charming. >> Six out of 10. >> Yeah. Five out of 10. Six out of 10. It's cute. like it'd be good to get out of the sun. Um, kind of relax people. >> Lightning lane. >> Not with the lightning lane, though. So, it is cute. Bugs Life has so much charm to it. But I also understand Bugs Life a lot of the kids don't know it anymore. Um, it was a very old attraction. It's been here for a long time. So, I do understand the need to like change things. And this is not scary. So, for the little kids, they're going to be fine. So yeah, >> it's it's like bittersweet, right? >> There's a there's a part where the walrus comes up and he's like talking to a beaver and they're talking and they're spitting. >> That's the best part. >> That's the best part of the whole show. So >> it's just constantly hitting you in the face with water. >> Yeah, the walrus is the best part. >> Walrus. That was the best part of the whole show. >> But it's darling. The animatronic is actually really cute. You just want to like pat his cheek. >> I I think the animatronic was okay, but it wasn't as good. Hopper Hopper was better. >> We had such a present, you know. He just was like, >> you just couldn't help but stare at Hopper and this was just like, "Oh, he's so cute. You just want to like pat his cheeks and then you kind of like forget about him." Yeah. Um but like it's excellent. Very well done. Very darling. Very >> I need to find I got to find a moment to talk to you guys. >> And um I'm going to enjoy the rest of the day with my family here. But tomorrow's video, we're going to do something we have I have not ever done kind of. We're going to Be Our Guest Dinner at Magic Kingdom, the nighttime dinner show. That'll be tomorrow's video. I did be our guest six years ago, but I did the breakfast. I didn't really understand it. We went in, had a quick little breakfast, and that was really it. I really didn't focus that much on it. And so when we came down here, I told Amanda's like, she goes, "What do you want?" And this is his number one. >> This request, I told Amanda, I'm like, "My number one request is be a guest." So, you know what she did? She called Getaway Today and we're making reservations and she told them, "We really want to get this." And so they got us this reservation for us, which is exactly what they do for you if you want it. Uh, help you with all this. So, we're going to tomorrow's video is going to be be our guest, the dinner show at Magic Kingdom. Really cool. Apparently, I've never seen it. So, I'm excited cuz I only saw the breakfast version. The breakfast version is different than the dinner time show. I'll see you that. We got to talk to you for a brief moment. That's tomorrow's video. Oh, this was a perfect spot. Hey, thank you for coming with us on our family vacation. I hope you're enjoying this and we just kind of feel like you're with us and I appreciate that. I want to take this moment to talk to you and only you right now. You are amazing. I hope you know that. I hope you're convinced of that. You matter. You make the world a better place. you do. And if you're going through a little bit of a rough patch right now, it will get better. That's a promise. I believe in you. I appreciate you. I think you're amazing. All right, guys. I'll see you in the next video when we're going to go to Be Our Guest, which is exciting cuz Belle is my very favorite princess. We'll be able to see Beauty and the Beast Be our guest dinner show. That'll be tomorrow's video. Okay, guys. Talk to you later. Thank you so much for joining us. Oh, hit the like. Hit the subscribe. You know the drill by now. Oh, and if you want to become a Patreon and get your name on the end card, >> you can do that for as little as $3 a month. You can do that and you will get all the extra benefits. You'll get your name on the end card. You get behind the scenes videos. You get videos just for you. You get Instagram stories just for you. And so, uh, join our Patreon community. You will not regret it. There's a link down below. You click the link and, uh, you can join that part be part of our Patreon community. Uh, we're getting ready to have a big huge Patreon dance party and we'd love to have you join us. So, >> okay. I'll talk to you guys later. BYE-BYE. >> OH, WE went to Animal Kingdom and had a great time. Went on a safari safari safari. Safari and did the Everest roller coaster. Hey, and to our patronons, I just want to say thank you so much. We really appreciate you. If it wasn't for you, we wouldn't be doing these videos. And if you want to become a Patreon, become part of this amazing community, click the link down below. You won't regret it. Thank you, Patreon.
