---
video_id: ytwYq6b3HT0
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Hacking Orlando Everything You NEED TO KNOW For The Ultimate Trip How To Get ALL THE FREE Benefits"
published: 2026-04-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytwYq6b3HT0
---
Hi friends, my name is Chris. You're watching Park Pass. Today I'm going to teach you some advanced travel tips, cool things to make your vacation really explode with excitement if you're coming down to Orlando. And the things I'm teaching today are expert level secrets. >> Expert level. >> Expert level. >> Now, as you can see, I am in the hotel. Got my leg. There's my suitcase. Our vacation is about half over. And you might be thinking, well, why are you checking your hotel? I'm going to teach you the secrets of hotel hopping and why you want to do this if you come to Orlando because you get these cool benefits. Now, we've been we're here at the Swan. Uh we are getting ready to go cuz we're going to Universal Studios now. So, we're going be checking into Universal Studios Hotel. Thank you, Miles. Appreciate that. Appreciate it. I was I never even realized this whole thing about hotel hopping until we we learned the hard way about this and so don't make our mistakes. It ended up costing us so much more money. Um, we thought we were doing the right thing. Now, we found out if you do these like these little tricks, you'll save money and get more benefits. >> There we are. We're checking out heading get ready to head over to Universal Studios Hotel. >> There is our Uber that's going to take us. Okay. So, let me kind of talk you break these benefits down so you can understand. And what I'm talking about, I'm assuming you're coming to Orlando and you're going to do Disney and Universal >> as you should. >> As you should. You really should. Universal's up their game. Okay, let's first talk about Disney hotel benefits that you get by staying at a a Disney hotel. Every There's three different types of hotels that Disney has. They have what's called deluxe, moderate, and then value. Uh deluxe is a little more expensive, then moderate, then value. It doesn't matter if you're staying at a deluxe moderate value, you will get early entry every single day um that you're staying at a Disney hotel to the parks. So, if you want to go early entry to Magic Kingdom, early entry to um Animal Kingdom, you get early entry. It's a halfhour early entry. So, that is a benefit by staying at a Disney resort hotel. You're going to get the early entry benefit no matter what level hotel that you're staying at. you and you you really want that that that um extra half hour allows you to kind of get in like we did the Magic Kingdom if you saw the video I think a couple like two or three videos ago we got Tron done and we got the seven dwarfs mining train done uh within like 45 minutes and it was it was a it was awesome and that's not using lightning it's just that extra half hour. Now here's an additional benefit. If you stay at a deluxe resort at Disney, the the the deluxe resort, you then on Wednesday nights and sometimes Saturday nights, the parks will close at 11:00 p.m. But if but if you're staying at a deluxe resort, one of the parks is going to stay open. Just so you know, it's never Animal Kingdom. It's almost always Magic Kingdom, sometimes Epcot, and sometimes Hollywood Studios. But when the park closes, like at 11:00 p.m., they will keep it open for an additional two hours. An additional two hours for all the people who are staying at a deluxe resort. So, if you're staying at a deluxe resort at 11:00 p.m., you show your key card to your to your deluxe resort. And then you can go in the park and just the only people who are in the park at that time is people who are staying at the deluxe resorts. Everything at that point is a walk-on. The walk-on attractions, the walk-on rides. And we were just staying at the Swan and Dolphin. The the Swan that's uh also considered a deluxe resort. So you get that benefit of getting in early and then they have the extra extra hours. Um it's usually one night a week. I think it's on Wednesdays usually. Correct. Me >> I think Wednesdays. >> Usually Wednesdays. Sometimes Saturdays too. Sometimes you get it twice. Just to be aware that's a benefit of >> on the calendar. I've seen it's only Wednesday. >> It's only Wednesdays. Okay. That's a benefit of staying at a deluxe resort. So, doesn't matter which level you're at, you're going to get early morning, but if you say deluxe, you're going to get the extra hours in the evening. Now, we need to talk about why do you want a hotel hop? We're on our Uber that's taking us to the Port Lowe's Portoino. This is um a deluxe resort at Universal Studios. Now, we're going to talk about the benefits of the Universal Studios Hotels because their benefits, I think, are bananas. Insane. Like, it's crazy. Like, okay. Universal Studios H uh Orlando, they have three levels of hotels as well, but they call theirs signature zabat, prime, and then value. Signature, prime, and value. And um just it's you don't really need to know that, but just that's what they call it. Now, if you stay at any Universal Studios Orlando uh hotel, doesn't matter if it's a Signature, Prime, or Value, you're going to get in the benefit of getting into the parks early. If you're staying at one of any of those levels of hotels at Universal, you're going to get in early to the theme park. You get in 1 hour early. So, Disney's only half hour. Universal is 1 hour like or and they and they rotate it. So, it's like Island's Adventure or like uh they're right next to each other. They rotate it by days 1 hour early. I am going to say this. So, you're going to want to arrive arrive so the park opens at the public at 9:00. That means you get in at 8:00, which means you want to be there through the time turn styles by about 7:30. Line up about 90 minutes before the park opens up through security. You're ready to go. Cuz sometimes they'll let us in even earlier like not so getting till 8:00. Sometimes they'll open the gates up like at 7:50 and they let people start going. It is awesome. And like you could run straight and get in the lines for Hagrids. You could get the lines for Veloci Coaster. Um all these great things. It it's just an amazing benefit. It does not matter which hotel you're staying at. But if you are staying at one of at their signature level, their highest level at a Universal Studios Orlando, they give you an express pass for every single person staying in that room with you. This express pass is bonkers good. And what this does, it allows you to skip the line and go front of the attraction. Um, of almost, not all attractions, almost every single attraction that Universal um, Orlando has, you get to skip the line, go right to the front of the attraction. And normally, just to give you an idea, that express pass costs anywhere from $250 to like $350. It's very, very expensive. So Amanda, Miles and I are staying. We're staying at a signature level and we're going to check in. We will get express passes for today and then tomorrow and then even the day when you check out they give you express passes. It is for us it's a $750 benefit bonus per day. So if you have four people staying there, all four people stay there in that hotel room are going to get the express passes. It's mind-boggling that Universal Studios Orlando does this. The way that we discovered this, the dumb way we discovered this is I was coming down with some of my friends and we ended up getting the Value Resort at Universal Studios, the lowest hotel tier, and my one friend was kind of waffling and he didn't want to go. He wasn't going to come with us. We bought the lowest tier and then we ended up buying express passes cuz we were like, we want to just jam all the rides. We bought express passes. At the last minute, my friend decided that he was going to go, but all the low hotels were the value hotels were sold out. And the only one he could get was at the uh signature level. So, he stayed at the nicest hotel. The nicest hotel then gave him an express pass for the both of those days. He spent less money than what we spent staying at a value hotel. We would have been smarter to stay at the nicer hotel, got the express pass, and saved money. This is a big big deal for Universal Studios. Most people don't understand that. So, they're always looking at the value hotels, but it's worth it if you want to get that express pass because you're going to get to any attraction you want to get on pretty much. And it's included. Mind-boggling. It's It's awesome. Now, how do you do this? How? So, that that's why we hotel hop because if you're going to be doing Disney, you want to stay at Disney Resort because you get those benefits. And then if you're going to go to Universal, you want to go over to the hotel there and get these benefits. They're all included with your hotel stays. It's just really what we used to do is we would just like get like a Disney hotel and just stay there and then just like Uber to Universal for a day and then Uber back and then maybe Uber again the next day. And we didn't realize all these benefits that we were like leaving on the table because we didn't know. Right outside we're passing it's Volcano Bay. You kind of see the giant volcano there. That's a really fun water park. Now, this is where Universal even goes crazier. So, like I showed you, Volcano Bay, the best water park I've ever been to in my life. And little Mario, the best water park I've ever been to in my life. If you stay at their Cabana Inn, and their Cabana Inn is a value resort. If you say they're cabana in, they have their early entry and their own private entry into Volcano Bay. So if the Volcano Bay is like the most important thing, you're like, "Hey, we want to go cuz they have like a lazy river, but instead of it being lazy, it is so it's crazy river, you can stay at Volcano Bay, sorry, say Cabana Bay, get into Volcano Bay early and have your own private entrance, so you don't have to deal with the crowd. This is I Universal has all these different options, so you just got to kind of be aware of it. All right, we're getting ready to get into our hotel. There's Universal. Driving right in. All right, guys. We are checking here into the Portoino. This is kind of an Italian themed restaurant hotel. And uh we'll show you our room when we can. And then we'll talk about the benefits of Epic Universe here in a second cuz everybody wants to know about Epic. Oh, it smells good. Smells good. Here's the check-in. We just checked in and it's even better than I thought. So the annual the express pass they give you is called unlimited express pass. This means for example Hagrits, one of the best roller coasters. Um you can just ride it over and over. Just get out of line, get back in, express pass it all you want. It's not just a onetime thing. Every single attraction has a trespass basically at Universal Islands Adventure and Universal Studios. It does not work at Epic. Epic is its own little beast. We'll talk about Epic in just a moment, but this is insane. It's the unlimited express pass. You just you go ride the ride, get off, go back in, get an attraction, and go again. Okay, we just checked into our hotel. They gave us these passes here. You see it says uh Universal Express Unlimited. Unlimited, which means we can ride all the rides as much as we want. Now, how do you book this? This is how you have to think of it. You want to call 1855 Getaway. 1855 getaway. Tell them Park Pass sent you. That's going to unlock your free concier service. They work for you. That's how whenever I call like like when I call them that their job is to work for you. Tell them what you're interested. Say, "Hey, we're going to uh Disney. We're going to Universal. We're thinking about park hopping." They will like customize it for you and give you price quotes. And if you don't like it, you don't have to get it. It's not like it's not like they do it. They're you're locked in. So, you can tell them like maybe like uh maybe staying at the Deluxe Resort at Disney's not as important because you don't worry about the the late nights. You have young kids and they're not going to stay up from 11 to 1. So, you can say, "Hey, I want a value resort at Disney, but when we go to Universal Studios, I wanted to stay at the uh signature level to get the unlimited express pass." Or you can say, or maybe you don't care about riding rides as much. You say, "We want I want two value resorts." They'll price out all the different options for you and then they'll tell you what what what how it works, what the prices are for you. They'll make reservations for you. They'll do everything for your vacation. They're working for you. They're working for you and it's all included. It's all included. Then you decide which package works best for you. Universal though, these unlimited express passes are worth their weight in gold. And a lot of times you're like, "Oh, I don't know if I want to stay at that a little more expensive hotel." But then when you sit there and you see all these people just blitzing the line, getting on ride after ride after ride, and you start thinking like, "Oh, I should have done that." You will regret it if you don't. I think you just be you'll just be like, "Oh my gosh, thank you so much for telling me this." Because it it makes a huge difference to to your vacation. You get in so many tractions. If if that's not important to you though, maybe the volcano Bay is important, then say Cabana Bay. There's just different options. Just tell Getaway Today what you want to do. Y >> that's what we that's the best advice I give you is hotel hop because you're going to get benefits of the different parks by staying at hotels. That's just what we do. Normally when we first started traveling we would just get in stay at one hotel and just that was our home base and we just travel around. That's no longer the case. We will hotel hop a lot because we're trying to get all those free benefits that are included with staying at different hotels so that we can maximize and get the most joy out of our vacation. All right, guys. We are here at Universal Studios. We're just checking in. Those are advanced tips. If you have questions down below, if you have questions, put comments down below and I will try to answer those questions on how to plan your vacation or suggestions. But like I said, getaway Today will literally will take care of everything for you. If you don't feel comfortable calling, some people don't like to do phone calls, you can just click the link down below and you can kind of schedule your vacation and just plan it out there. They will and then you'll get your price quote so you can decide what you want to do that way as well. I just always find it easier for me. It's always easier to do on the phone. But hey, you know, I like phone calls. So, yeah. All right. I think this is this is about it. >> Amanda just she just pulling something out. By the way, I have to show Let me show you a cute little Ravenclaw dress, babe. >> Yes. >> She's a Ravenclaw. She's a Ravenclaw. Look at that dress. It's super cute. Okay. What were you saying? What were you saying? >> Okay. So, the customer service here at Universal has been above and beyond the best from the moment we stepped out of the car door. Like, my foot had not even stepped on the ground and they were there like waiting to help us. Then we get in the line to check in and there's someone waiting in line and he was like answering our questions. He was having fun with our little guy. Like, excellent. >> Well, like Yeah, cuz like the line to check in was maybe 15 minute wait cuz so many people checking in. >> Yeah, but that guy went fast. But that guy was like there and he's like, "What questions do you have? How can I help you? What can I do to make your vacation the most awesome?" >> And we actually did have questions >> and we're like, "Well, about this, this, this answer." And then he focused on Miles and talking to Miles and giving him attention. Miles liked that. >> And then the check-in desk was so smooth. And then we went to the concierge to help us with our epic tickets and our passes. And she was amazing. I just want to give a shout out to Janine at Universal at the Lowe's Portino. Like she went above and beyond to help us organize everything, make sure that we knew what was going on. We have all of our tickets and passes set up and we're ready to rock and roll. Like the customer service at Universal, 10 out of 10. >> No, we So, the one thing you'd be aware of at Universal, cuz Epic Universe is the cool thing, right? Yes. >> The um the unlimited pass does not work at Epic Universe. It doesn't work at Epic Universe >> nor the annual pass doesn't work. >> Yeah. If you have an annual pass, you you have to buy a ticket, but you do get in early if you're staying at a at a Universal hotel. So, you get in early, which is awesome. And the other thing is is that we had pre purchased our epic tickets a while ago for you were coming down here and >> through getaway today. >> Yeah. Through purch and Janine told us she goes, "You guys are smart." She goes, "A lot of people come down here and then want to purchase the tickets on the date." And she goes, "That's always going to be more expensive." So >> maybe it might even be booked out because Epic can get um sold out, right? >> So if you think about coming to Epic, then just get the tickets to get away today with your package. >> Be like solid with it. So, I think my point of saying this is Universal can sometimes be intimidating for me because I feel like I I know Disney, but there's no reason to be intimidated because the second you walk out like here, they're going to take care of you and before you even come, Getaway Today will take care of you with Universal. So, like do not be intimidated by Universal. Do not skip Universal because everything's going to work out. >> I This is >> perfectly >> Okay, what I'm going to say is super controversial. Oh, this is standing in the background. >> You ready? >> You You're not spinning. >> Oh, I'm not sitting. >> What I say is a little controversial. Our son Miles actually I think he prefers Universal Studios Florida to Disney, which is shocking to me cuz I love Disney. You know, I love Disney, but he likes the interactions here. He likes the roll he's a he's a thrillseker. He likes the roller coasters. He likes the characters. He likes all this. And for him, he's like when we come, he's like he loves going to Disney, but then to Universal, he's like, "All right, guys. We are going to head off to Universal. We'll do a whole another video about our day at Universal." We just wanted this to be a little travel video to kind of help you guys plan your vacations. We come down here to Florida, cuz if you're not used to it, it can be a little intimidating. This It is so fun. It's so fun. How fun is it down here? >> Amanda loves She loves it down here. >> I love Orlando. >> Yeah, >> she does. Okay, guys. We're going to catch this boat. This boat's going to take us over and that'll be the end of our video. I just do need a chance to talk to you for one brief second. We're going to catch this boat. It's about a 5minute boat ride. Takes you right to the gates of Universal. Look, there's a little vest, but Oh, Miles sat I was going to sit on it to talk to you guys, but Miles is getting on it. All right, >> this is my chance to talk to you, and I am talking to just you right now. I need you to understand how amazing you are. You're amazing. You are awesome. You make the world a better place and you matter. I hope you hear this message enough. I hope you believe this message when you hear it. I hope you're converted to your self-worth to know that you are amazing. You make the world a better place. I know there's a lot of negativity going on in this world and we hear about all the time. That seems to be all we hear about in the media. The world is good. And the reason the world's good is because of you. You are awesome. I appreciate you. All right, guys. I hope this video is helpful for you guys to plan your vacation down here to Orlando. Let you guys know how awesome you are. Just trying to help you guys save some money and have a good day. You're awesome. All right, I'll talk to you guys later. Bye-bye. I thought I better show you our room here at the Portoino. When you come in the room, so this is the door. You come in, first you have this little coffee area, mirror. One of the things you're going to notice here at these Universal Resort hotels is how spacious there's a lot of room. It's not like there's like bed wall bed wall. There is a lot of room here. Look at all the room. Look at all the room here. There's your TV table. lounge chair. I think it's called a chase lounge. This is our view. It's a swimming pool. Turning over this way. Coming over here. My son just walked by. Might as you want to open up the closet. So, we show the closet. This is the bathroom. Now, here they have a little separate area, vestibule, if you will. Look at these two. You have two sinks, two large sinks with a huge mirror there. This is the shower. And my wife loves that. They always have like the little shaving bar she loves at. And then this is the closet that Miles just opened up. It is very spacious. Very big. Yeah, these rooms are very, very spacious. So much room. So much room. There's room for activities. >> Hotel Hopper is amazing. It's an excellent way to get extra value for your vacation. Hey, and thank you to our all our Patreons. We love you guys so much. And if you want to get your name on this end card, click the link down below. And we are having a Patreon dance party coming up. You definitely don't want to miss that, but you have to be a Patreon in order to attend that dance party. So, click the link down below and become a Patreon member. See you guys at the dance party.
