---
video_id: i0JOgZSo0WY
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "NOBODY Has Ever Seen This BEFORE "
published: 2026-03-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0JOgZSo0WY
---
Hello everybody. My name is Christian Park and today I'm going to show you the rarest hidden Mickey in the park. Actually in the world and it's here on Tiana's Bayou Adventure. What? >> All right guys, I'm entering into the line of Tiana's Bay Adventure. Now this is where the rarest, most unique, craziest hidden Mickey in the world is. It's located on this attraction. Now you might be asking yourself, wait, what's a hidden Mickey? I don't know what a hiddi is. Well, I made a video like 7 years ago explaining that. Let's watch. Look how young I look in this video. Watch this. Now, this is not a hidden Mickey. This is just a Mickey head. So, what is a hidden Mickey? A hidden Mickey is a little hidden Mickey head put in a ride by an Imagineer. It could be in a ride, an attraction, or a restaurant. Usually, it's a circle with two squares. Not squares, two circles on top. And it's usually done what's called the quarter dime rule. If you know what a quarter is, right, for you younger kids, when I was when I was a kid, we used to have to put quarters in video games to play them. We don't do that anymore. You take a quarter and you put two dimes at 45° angles. That equals a perfect Mickey head. >> We're getting ready to go off a 50ft plunge. Whoa. Get a little almost walked right into the pole there. Getting ready to go down a 50ft plunge. I literally just felt walked into that. Wa. That would have been terrible. All right. So, as you know, they have rethemed Splash Mountain's Bayou Adventure. And this is a really big deal. When they rethe this, they had um Imagineers, of course, the Walt Disney Imagineers who are working on this attraction. They're aware of what a hidden Mickeyy's are, and they're trying to figure out the best way to get a hidden Mickey in to the to the new attraction. And of course, they're always trying to up each other and come up with the coolest ways. Well, they came up with the coolest, most unique hidden Mickey that's ever been done on any tractor in any Disney park around the world. I've had two sources reach out to me to tell me about this particular hidden Mickey and it's very unusual. All right, we've been Don't forget a celebration at my house tonight. Everybody's welcome. See you there. Tiana, she's inviting us amazing party. Now, there's a possible hygiene, but that's not what I'm talking about. >> So, like I said, the Imagineers are always trying to one up each other and try to come up with the coolest new thing. Well, they came up with this amazing idea for this attractor as Hidden Mickey. Nobody has seen it yet. We are going to be the very first people to see it. We're going to show it to you guys in the video. So, normally Hidden Mickey, you guys know it's the quarter and the two dimes. But this one here at the end of the attraction, very end of the attraction, you can see them. They're all dancing and singing, right? They're singing. If you're going to look to the guy on the far right, the guy on the far right, he's singing. And I'm going to need some really good lip readers and some people really excellent eyesight to notice this. But that animatronic who's on the very far right, the lyrics he's saying over and over is just Mickey Mouse. He's just going Mickey Mouse, Mickey Mouse, Mickey Mouse, Mickey Mouse. That's what that one particular character is saying over and over and over. Everybody else's mouse is in perfectly sync to the song except that one guy just sang Mickey Mouse over and over again. So, we're going to find that amazing hidden Mickey that nobody else has seen yet. All right, guys. We are getting ready to board. I'm hoping we catch this on the first trip. If not, we'll have to ride it again. I don't really want to cuz I get really wet on this attraction now. But we're going to look at the last guy on the right hand side. We're going to look at him. We're going to look at his mouth and see if he's saying Mickey Mouse over and over. I've been told by two reliable sources that he is. So, let's find out if it is. If he is, which I think he is, that's this would make the most unique and craziest and awesome hidden Mickey ever. >> We're about to get on. I'm going to be on row five, which is Here we go. I think hopefully I don't get too wet. There comes our log. There we go. Maybe not. Never mind. They're going to put the RRS on it, which means it's out of service. Okay. >> The worst part is not getting your face wet. It's getting your socks and shoes wet. >> All right, here we go. >> Row five. I always feel like you're supposed to put seat belts on these attractions, but no seat belts. All right, here we go, guys. We're going to look for that super hidden Mickey. It's at the end of this attraction. Of course, this used to be Oh, look at the frogs right there. This course used to be the Splash Mountain. Here we go. Going to go on up here. Start our little adventure looking for musicians. >> Yay. Louis is up ahead. Let the joy find a bed for our celebration. It's been a hot minute since I've been on this attraction. Hello. Anyone down here who can blow a horn in jail? Hello. >> There we go. Moving along. Oh. Purple pod beans. Look, you see that looks like the alligator, but we have the pumpkins. Don't sweat loose. We're just getting started. >> Very good advice. All right, we're getting ready to go down the first hill. Uh, it's really the second heel that gets you wet, the ones in the dark. We'll >> see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. There we go. Oh, a little bit, but not too bad. Of course, we're just waiting here to get to the very end of the traction. See that down here? >> There's the musicians. We ask them to join the >> Here they are. Listen to this. >> Here they are. Those musicians, the bears. >> You notice it looks like the second star on the right. >> This is the hill where you get wet. It's the worst one. Woo! >> Oh, yep. Shoes are wet. >> Right side. >> And now we've been made tiny. >> We are. So, we've been shrunk down by Mama Hodi and they're looking at us and they're like, "Hey, look how small they are. sound crazy. There we go. Little frog. I like it. It's a bottle like it magnifies them. And now we're going to go up a hill and mama's going to make us back to our normal size. There we go. >> Here we go at the top of the hill. Look at this. Matter of horns. Beautiful. I love this view. A lot of water in the face. All right, we're coming up the ending here. This I'm a little nervous cuz I hope I can capture this on video fast enough to see it. All right, so we're going to go in here. The gentleman on the right. Let's just see this. I hope it's obvious. Okay. So, there's a guy on the far right. >> We're getting out of our log. >> I I think you can see it. I think he really does say Mickey Mouse. He's like Mickey Mouse. All right, I'm going to play the clip a couple of times here so you see over and over again, but you could clearly see he goes Mickey Mouse. Woohoo! Mickey Mouse, woohoo! Mickey Mouse, woohoo! It's incredible. That is amazing. So exactly why you subscribe to Provos Park Bass so you guys get the most amazing videos and learn the cool things that nobody else knows in the world. In fact, you're the only people who's ever seen that. I got to get my glasses. There's water all over my glasses. Sorry. Oh my gosh. You guys just saw the coolest hidden Mickey in all of Disney parks around the world and nobody else has seen it. Let's watch it again. I got to slow it down. But he's saying Mickey Mouse. That deserves a treat. You deserve it. I deserve it. We just witnessed something that nobody else has ever seen. So that's amazing. I love that. Oh my gosh. Came in here for a second though. Oh no, no ticker tails. But no, we're good. We're coming this way. Here we go. Get a tiger tail, guys, to celebrate. Wa. There's the perfect spot. Nice little view. It's just Mickey Mouse. Crazy. I love these treats so much. I never really tire of it. It's the caramel that makes it so good and the um and the slight orange. So, I hate eating on camera, so I'm going to eat the rest of it and come back. Oh no, what happened to my head? I can't believe we saw that. I'm thrilled. So cool. I love how Disney has those little hidden touches throughout the park and to make things like so special. It's unique. It's fun. It's awesome. And as fans, we appreciate it. I think the Imagineers like doing it. It's just fun for all of us. So Dizzy, don't take it out. Keep it in. Keep it in. It's awesome. Oh my gosh, I'm so jazzed that we found it. And I totally used the pun jazz, the word jazz to explain my excitement because it seems appropriate with Tiana. So super jazzed that we found that Mickey and Mickey. That's amazing. There goes Kevin Jack Sparrow. They're looking very dapper. Always just walking around savvy. Okay, let's go here. We have to kind of celebrate this fantastic find. Yeah. If you haven't, hit the like button. Thumb it up. And then if you haven't, subscribe because I have so many new videos coming out, guys. I'm going to go to Disney Paris in just a couple days, showing you some whole new secrets there that nobody else has be able to show you. So, you want to be subscribed and see all this coolness and uh be a part of it. So, just enjoy it. It's free. Tiana's Palace. Feel like this is a good place to go to celebrate and get some good food. Thank you. Oh, look at this. It's called the Sweet Heat 70th anniversary. That looks good. Buffalo sauce, which I like. >> I think I'm also going to get the Tiana's punch. All right, I got to pay for my meal. I'll put my camera away. I'll come back. >> Hey, you just found the coolest Hidden Mickey in all the theme parks around the world. What are you going to do to celebrate? I'm going to go to Disneyland, Tiana's Palace, and eat some good food. >> Well, hope you guys learned something new. Like I said, hit that like and subscribe because we got a lot of cool new videos coming out going Disney Paris soon. Okay, Universal Stuff, Studio stuff. We've got I'll be going to Florida in just a couple of weeks. I'm going to universities in Florida. I'm going go to Disneyland in Florida. So much good content. So, make sure you hit that like button, hit the subscribe button, and just join along for the to the journey. Just hang out with me. There is no way to pick this up. I am going to cut it like crazy. It's good. I've already had a couple bites. It's a little messy, but it is good. If you like buffalo, then you're going to love this, which I do. I love that flavor. >> All right, I want to get my quick review on the food. This is not a food review video. This is a hit and Mickey video, but I want to get my thoughts on the sandwich. >> The sandwich was fantastic. I would definitely get that again. 100%. I loved it. You have to like Buffalo, though. The drink is okay. I I mean, I think it it's kind of expensive for what you're getting. It's basically just a Sprite and some syrups. I think it's more for Instagrammers who like take pictures of it, but I would pass on that, but don't pass on this if you like Buffalo. I have to find a spot to talk to you guys. Hang on. >> You look so good. You look so fabulous. >> Thank you. You're having a wonderful time. >> I am. I am. Thank you so much for saying hi. It's a pleasure. My son, you are his favorite. Like, of all of all the Disney princesses, you are number one. So, I just want you to know that. >> Yeah. >> Where is your >> He's not here today. I know. So sad. So, I'll tell him that you said hi, though. >> Oh, if you want, I can film the video. Go for ahead. >> Oh, could we? >> I should. >> Let me know when you're ready. >> We're ready. >> Hi there, Miles. Tiana here. Oh, I just miss you, it seems. But you know what? I do look forward to seeing you real soon. Right over there we have the restaurant, sweetheart. And we can get some gumbo beignets and do some dancing on the dance for all night long together. Won't that be something? >> Thank you so much. Good job. Good night. Say bye. Oh my gosh. How fun was that? Uh yeah, that's amazing. Miles loves Tiana. I think I sit right there in that railing maybe. Hey, I want to take a quick moment to talk to you. And I only am talking to just you right now. You have my full attention. I want you to know how amazing you are. You make the world a better place. Did you know that? You might be struggling. Oh, little duck. Little duck flew down. You might be struggling with some depression. You might be feeling sadness or blue. You might be going through a relationship problems or maybe job or feel unappreciated. You are amazing. You might be a parent and you feel like you're trying to do the best job. You're like, "Am I a good parent?" You are. You are amazing. And you make the world a better place. I see you. You are unique. You are special. And you are awesome. You make the world better. I I can't believe I found the rarest hidden Mickey in the world. I'm just walking back to my hotel. I'm staying at the Hampton Innu. So, here's what we do. This is such a big deal that we found the the rarest coolest hidden Mickey in the world. If any of you want to come stay at this amazing hotel, the Hampton Inn suites, we will give I will if you use our link down below through Pearls Park and you can only get this through Pros Park, you'll get an additional $20 off per night. Uh if you click the link down below or you call 1855 getaway 1855 getaway and you'll get an additional $20 off per night only here at the Hampton in Suites because we found that Hidden Mickey, we have to celebrate it somehow. So yeah, and I'll even show you a little bit of the room. so you guys can see it. You guys, here I am staying at the Hampton Garden Grove Hotel. And this is a fantastic hotel. It's perfect for family and friends. And there's a special going on. That's right, a special. If you want to stay at this amazing hotel, you can stay here and get an additional $20 off per night. $20 off per night if you use our link down below. And it's the only place you'll be able to get that particular This is the bathroom, by the way. This is There's this There's a shower over there. I mean, if you want to do this, you can stay here and save yourself $20 off per night by using the link Provos Park Pass down below at this. Nobody else has this deal at this amazing hotel. Or you can call 1855 Getaway. 1855 Getaway. Tell them Park Pass sent you and you'll get the extra $20 off per night minimum two night stay. Do it. Save yourself some money. Yeah. I can't believe you found the rarest hidden Mickey in the world. All right, guys. Yeah, if you want to see this amazing hotel, you're going to get an additional $20 off per night. This hotel has complimentary breakfast. It's amazing. It's It's great. Now, the one thing you'd be aware of it it's not I mean it's I walk to when I stay here, I walk to Disney. It's about maybe 15 minute walk, but you can also Uber and the Uber is only I've Ubered a couple times. It's only between three and $7. So, whatever you want to do, this is amazing. Save yourself some money, though. All right. I'll see you in the next video. Oh, and and the next video is guys, it's going to be amazing. The next video uh we're going to be doing I'll be going down to Legoland. They're having a brand new coaster that's opening up. I'm do a media preview of this brand new coaster and it's going to be awesome. I'll show you everything you need to see about that. All right, hit the like and subscribe. We'll see you next video.
