---
video_id: 0OelPE0LXC4
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "BREAKING NEWS  Bob Iger OUT Josh D’Amaro IN What Happens Next?"
published: 2026-02-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OelPE0LXC4
---
Good, good morning. There's breaking news in Disney. I am literally laying in bed trying to recuperate from the Disney half marathon. That video is supposed to go out today, but instead of that that video, if you want to see me suffer through half marathon, watch that video tomorrow. Breaking news. Disney just announced a brand new CEO. Um, and this is a very, very big deal. Sorry, I just woke up. Got a bunch of emails telling me about what's going on. So, I had to get up to speed. Now, I'm going to tell you exactly what's going to happen, how the transition in power is going to happen, what's going to happen to Bob Iger, and what Disney is trying to hopefully do with this brand new CEO. So, Josh Dearo is going to be the new CEO. Josh Dearo is a great he's I Everybody kind of saw this one coming. He has been with Disney for 28 years. He has lots of theme park experience, cruise ship experience and he has he's been kind of leading his little area of Disney into a profit to being very profitable. Josh Dearo was before right his current role is the chairman of Disney experiences and the last year he went up to like they've been working a lot and he increased the profitability by 6%. And some of you might be thinking well 6% doesn't sound like a lot. It's a lot because we're talking it was $ 36 billion. And so 6% of 36 billion is a lot of money. It's been a very profitable thing. In fact, it's the most profitable part of Disney is their theme parks and their cruise ships right now. And this this is actually a change for Disney. Disney is usually the most profitable is their media. But right now it's Disney has become more of a travel company, right? For people going to theme parks and going on cruises and that particular area. And Josh Dearo has been excellent in uh running that particular area. But it's doesn't just stop there with Josh Dearo. There is actually a little caveat and I'm pleased that Disney's doing this. Dana Walden was actually promoted to the COO, the chief creative, I'm sorry, the CCO, the chief creative officer and president. This is, I think, a fantastic move for Disney. I actually thought that Disney was going to have a co-CEO, kind of like Michael Eiser and Frick. Well, um, I thought that Dana and Josh are going to be co-CEOs, but they've actually they put her in charge of the chief creative officer. This is a brand new position in the Disney's company in the 103 years of Disney's company, there's never position has never been there. Really what they're trying to do is they're trying to kind of have it so Josh Dearo is going to be running the whole company mostly probably focusing on theme parks and then Dana Walden who's incredibly bright very talented she started at Fox and she really turned Fox and when Disney acquired Fox she is just she has so much experience when it comes to uh media television and movies. So that's when they put her this chief creative officer. That's really what she's gonna be focusing on is media and getting and get making sure that Disney's making good decisions with as far as TV shows, as far as movies, and she'll be handling all that particular area. And she's she's more than qualified to do this. I think that you have these two different creative people. They're they're both really smart and creative. Uh the one thing that people on Wall Street will be nervous about Josh Demar is he doesn't really have any business experience outside of theme parks. I think that's why they brought in Dana Walden. I think that they were trying to like kind of like like say, "Hey, this is we've got we don't worry. We're covering all of our bases. Don't worry, Wall Street. Our bases are completely covered." Because this has to be a perfect uh home run for them after the debacle of Bob Chapic. They can't have a stumble out of the gate. The Josh Dearo has to hit this ground running. And so, I think that the Wall Street the board, the Disney board is hyper aware of that. And so they make they're making sure that every base is covered by having Josh Dearo and Dana Walden announced at the same time. This is going to go into place on March 18th. March 18th. Um this is at that point Josh Dearo will become the new CEO and Dana Walden become the new chief creative officer. Now what's going to happen? Let's break down the business. This is coming my experience working in um my business experience before became a goofy YouTuber. Let me tell you exactly what's going to happen. The very first thing that to do, they're going to have what's called a handover and boundaries. This is the boundaries are going to be completely def completely defined. So the reason that's important for Disney is Bob Iger is going to remain on the board until December 31st of 2026. So Bob Bob Iger will still be on the Disney board. Then once December 31st hits, he will then be completely retired out of Disney. So, the first thing that Disney is going to do is they're going to have what this is called this handover and boundaries to make sure everybody knows that the CEO is Josh tomorrow. That Bob Iger is out of the picture. He's there as an adviser, but he is no longer the CEO since he's remaining on the board. The clear boundaries have to be set and and most companies do that. Now, currently what's going to be happening is Josh Dearo is going to be meeting with the board and Bob Iger to make sure that the handoff is is going to be happening. uh currently probably be whisk away and and be talking with Bob Iger to find out what he's working on and be also but Bob Iger is important but the really who Josh Dearo is going to be talking to the most is the board of directors be sitting down the board directors and I wouldn't be surprised if Dana Walden is right there standing right next to Josh Dearo when they're having these conversations now this is where when what's going to happen is when a new CEO comes in or really in like when somebody's put in a high position In a job like this, they kind of get what called like a 100 day grace period where the board, the board of directors, they're letting the CEO kind of get their feet wet and handle everything. But before they take the role, the board is going to sit down and they're going to do what's called KPIs, key performance indicators. They tell the CEO, the board, the the board, Disney board is going to tell the CEO exactly what their key performance indicators, what they're trying to accomplish, what they want to accomplish in the next 6 to 12 months. They're going to slay that down at the feet of Josh tomorrow and say this is what we need to happen within the next 6 to 12 months. They're talking about like where they want the stock to be, where do they want like how media, the park attendance, all those type of things. They're going be talking to those things with just tomorrow. And I'm assuming also Dana Walden will be seeing right there. So she has a clear um pathway to success and she'll know exactly what's going to be expected of her as well. So the key performance indicators, that's the very first thing they're going to be sitting down with Josh so he understands what's going on. Then once he's actually put into position starting on March 18th, he then will is going to have this little bit of a grace period. And this is where people they're they're excited and that you know everyone's going to be excited and that but it's kind of customary within those first 100 days. Josh Dearo needs to get a win. He has to do something that allow shows leadership because when you put in a high power position like this and you don't do anything and you just stay it's a status quo. You change nothing. Like if he doesn't change anything or doesn't shake it up at all. Then people be like, "Well, why do we choose this guy? We should just kept Bob Iger." I mean, what's what's the point of that? So, they really he does have to go in there and kind of shake it up a little bit. I'm thinking that what's going to probably happen is one of the first things I think Josh tomorrow is going to do and you could find out if I'm right or wrong. on this is going to be like reservations at Disneyland. I think eventually they'll probably start getting reservations and that might come from Josh tomorrow. Josh like, "Hey, we've heard you. We're no longer going to have reservations." And that would seem like a huge it's a relatively minor thing to do, but it would be a huge win for the Disney fans and it'll it cause a lot of goodwill towards Josh tomorrow. So, it wouldn't surprise me if he does something along those lines. But you're going to see something within the next 100 days of that what Josh is going to be trying to do and where his main focus and thrust is going to be for the company. Now he he's going to obviously be focusing because his knowledge base is going to be on the theme parks and the travel and cruise line and I think he's going to have Dana Walden come in and she's going to be talking laying out a road map for the media for the Disney company. I think there is going to be a lot of pressure on Dana Walden because Disney was like this media powerhouse and it's kind of lost they've lost a little bit of luster after a little while and so there's going to be a lot of pressure on her to rebuild that brand as the brand that people trust and love and everybody knows that when a Disney movie or Disney TV shows coming out that it's going to be amazing that there's zero doubt in that and that's something that Dana Walden is going to be tasked with doing. So, this is what's going to be happening for in the Disney World the next little bit is that um they're going to be having tons of you're going to see lots of newspaper articles. They're going to see people talking about projected earnings. You're going to see lots of things talking about like uh as Disney there are going to be the people who are like the naysayers. Um just be prepared for that. People like this what is they what are they doing? They needed they needed business outsider and then you're going to have people who are going to be loving the idea. Personally, I feel fantastic. I'm relieved to be honest with you. I think Josh Demora is a great choice. I I wanted Dana Walden. Actually, I was uh to be the co-CEO. Um but I think that what they did is created the genius solution for that. They've made her the COO, the creative chief officer and and I think this just shows the trust that they have in her because um they create a whole new position for her and I think that's really fantastic. And so this is this is I think going to be um just a huge new in renaissance area area for Disney. I think what's going to happen is Josh is going to go full steam in on the Disney parks. We're going to see lots of new things I think with Disney parks coming up and then I think the media team is going to be going like crazy. Dana Wald is going to be want to make sure she's proving herself and they're going to be like just full steam ahead. I have high hopes for this. I think it's going to be fantastic. I got to brush my teeth. Hang. I'll be right back. Okay. So, what's going to happen now is that well, sorry about that. So, what's going to happen now is um uh there's going to be there'll be Josh will probably be doing a little bit of press tour. He'll be going on doing some news things and kind of so that way people Wall Street kind of get to know him a little bit better. Though Josh has already been a very high highprofile individual for the company. Um people know him. They really respect him. And the thing that I like about it is I know that the cast members of the Disney parks really like him a lot. He was a hands on the ground, feet on the ground type of individual who would walk the parks regularly. Um, interact with fans, interact with cast members, and almost, I would say, did I do I dare say it, kind of Walt Disneyesque. Uh, he's kind of a beloved character. And so, he's going to be doing a little bit of a press tour. Bob Iger, of course, did a statement and he was saying that, you know, he was he's of course doing what all CEOs do. He's taking credit for all the things that have gone well and he said that just the earnings call that, you know, the company's much better than it was three years ago, which is kind of a little bit of a jab at uh Chapek, but he said that uh and then Bob Iger will is going to hand over the controls and they're going to have that complete boundary and leadership and make sure everybody understands that Josh is the guy and Dana is the guy. It's no longer Bob Iger. Um I think Bob Iger actually has been good for Disney. Bob Iger is so smart when it comes to acquisitions. That's his forte. He likes to do acquisitions. I think that time is done for Disney. Disney doesn't need to do more acquisitions. Um the the last the Fox one kind of hurt Disney a little bit actually. But what ends up happening now is they need to just grow in their brand and grow their loyalty again within the company. Become the love beloved company that we all want to want it to be. I mean I think most people are there are maybe some people who aren't rooting for it but I'm rooting for Disney. I want Disney to be successful. I want Disney to be a great place for families to go for vacations. I want people to feel comfortable there. I want I want it to feel like our voices are being heard. And I think Josh is going to do that. And I think Dana I think the fact that they brought Dana Wald in that was just really smart thinking on on um the board of director side because she's going to come in and be able to handle this media. Um and it's just I think it' be a really good fit. The other thing that you might see after Josh has been in office for 100 or so days, there might be a shakeup of some leadership, the senior leadership, um, but they don't want to make it if there if Josh feels like there's anybody who's not aligned to his goals, then at that point he might kind of kind of get them to to move off, but they don't they're not they don't just like that usually in that those types of roles, they don't say like this person's fired. They're like this person has been located to a new role and whatever. and they kind of move them over because Josh is going to try to surround himself with people who completely uh are aligning with his goals and what he's trying to do. And if he finds that there's any bumpy roads, you know, after 100 days or so, there might be a little bit of leadership change. That's somewhat normal. If you haven't hit the like button, hit the subscribe button. Tomorrow's video is going to be me running the half marathon, which is going to come out today, but we had this breaking news, so it's going to come out tomorrow. Um, and I think this is a good thing for Disney. This is going to be fantastic. I personally think the hardest thing about this is going to be uh Bob Iger uh letting go. Bob Iger is uh he is a go-getter type A personality. He likes to be in the thick of it and I think it's going to be kind of hard for him to let go. He will be there to advise Josh tomorrow. So until the end of this year, he'll be on the board and Josh Tomorrow can go to him with any type of questions that he has. And I think that Bob Iger might even be giving some maybe sometimes some unsolicited um advice on how to run the company. But ultimately Josh Dearo no longer has to agree with um Bob Iger if they disagreed. I'm not saying that they did but if they disagreed on certain pain points or certain business things. Josh now is the one that's can he's making those choices. Bob Iger is is in the winks is in the wings. they'll be there to kind of be as a little bit of a mentor and kind of a a solid voice, but they're putting him on the board and then after that he is completely done and retired from Disney. And they made that clear in the statements I was reading that he will be retired from Disney forever. And so, uh, I think that's I think that they're strategically saying that he's not coming back. We're so confident in um Josh Dearl and Dana Walden that nothing's going to bring Bob Iger back. So, we'll see what happens. All right, guys. I think a lot of us kind of saw this one coming. Uh the only I I was I'm only thing I was kind of shocked about. I thought they would have started uh leaking it a little bit earlier. It kind of got leaked a couple days ago that this was going to be happening. I thought that Disney would have had more confidence in Josh Dearo or Dana Walden and start leaking this a couple months ago. So yeah, it's obviously going to be happening. It's obviously going to be happening that this is going to be happening. Um rather than all of a sudden just being an announcement, but you know, companies do their own business how they want to do this. Now, being a CEO role, that's the chief executive officer. It's one of the most difficult roles. And I think that people who try to be a CEO of these large corporations, they have so much on their plate. Most people when they think of Disney, they either think of theme parks or they think of um uh movies. But Josh Dearo is going to be in charge of theme parks, hotels, cruise lines, movies, hospitality, food, restaurants, everything. This this is a this company is massive and his hand is going to be in every one of those pots. And I think Josh is smart enough to know that if he doesn't feel completely 100% like confident area, he will surround himself with people who will actually know what they're doing to make that that those areas actually rise. Josh did that in his last area, the company that raised up 6% profit and that was mostly in the travel and park industry. And so amazing that he was able to do that. So, I I feel really good about this. Put it down in the comments down below. What do you guys think? Let me know what what your guys' thoughts are. I'll see you in tomorrow's video. Uh, hit the like button, hit the subscribe button, and I'll talk to you guys later. Bye-bye.
