---
video_id: V-fG9L0zjeM
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "The Mistake Disney Won’t Stop Making"
published: 2026-01-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-fG9L0zjeM
---
Hello everybody. I need to talk to you about the mistake that Disney won't stop making. I'm on my way right now to Dutch Bros to get a drink. I'm going to get you some tea and we're going to sit down and talk about this. This is insane. You know that saying that they talk about those who I don't know exactly how it goes, but those who forget history are doomed to repeat it. Disney has made these mistakes, remedy the mistakes, and then they're remaking the exact same mistakes. They learned absolutely nothing. I'm going to talk about this. So, last night I was watching on Disney Plus, they have this new thing called Disneyland Handcrafted. And if you you it's amazing documentary. It shows them building Disneyland. And when Walt was uh started construction, he hired a film crew. And these film crews came, they documented everything. If you don't have Disney Plus, you can also watch it on YouTube, by the way. And I I highly recommend it. But they are building Disneyland so fast. is this break neck pace. There's no time for analysis paralysis. They're just like bam bam bam bam build build. Let's go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go. And they didn't have any blueprints. Nobody had done what they were trying to do. So they couldn't look for inspiration to other things cuz they were creating something fresh new. So we're going to kind of give them a little bit of leeway for making this mistake because they didn't know better because there wasn't anybody there wasn't any blueprint for them to follow. So when they were designing Fantasy Land, okay, in 1954, they're building Disneyland and they start to design Fantasy Land and all that. They're building it, getting ready to go. The Imagineers at that time who were the first Imagineers ever, who had no experience being an Imagineer, they came up with this amazing idea, or so they thought. The idea was, hey, in Fantasy Land, let's let the guest, that means you, me, everybody, let them be the main character. So, in Snow White, there was no Snow White because you were supposed to be Snow White. In Peter Pan, Walt Disney loved Peter Pan. They made a Peter Pan attraction. There was no Peter Pan because you were supposed to be Peter Pan. And then a couple years later, they opened up Alice in Wonderland. And guess what? no Alice in the in the attraction. You were supposed to be Alice. But the problem was is that people would get off the attraction and they were like, "Where's where's Snow White? Where's Peter Pan? Where's Alice in Wonderland?" And they're like, "Well, you're Alice in Wonderland. You're Snow White." People didn't like it. They didn't they didn't like it. They didn't want to be in the story. They wanted to meet these their favorite characters from the story. And they're like, "This is this is kind of crazy." Disney realized like, "We made a mistake. They want people want to meet the characters. They want to sit down with them. They want to talk with them. They want to interact with them. They want to see them. So in 1982, Disney shut down Fantasy Land, shut it down. And it was closed for 14 months. They reopened it in 1983. And when I say they shut it down, it was completely closed. They redid all the facads and the Fantasy Land buildings. They kind of took it away from like a carnival theme to like this European medieval theme. The theming is so good, by the way. And then over 40 plus years, they've hardly tweaked it at all because it's just amazing. But the other thing that they did, why they're doing that, the Disney Imagineers like, hey, this whole concept of let's let them be the main character, create their story, that's not working. Let's get rid of that. And so they put Peter Pan in the ride. They put Snow White in the ride. They put Alice in Wonderland in the ride and when they reopened it, guess what? People loved it. THEY'RE LIKE, "OH MY GOSH, IT'S PETER Pan in the Peter Pan ride. That's That's amazing. Oh my gosh, there's Snow White in the Snow White attraction. That's amazing. The only one that doesn't really technically have it is Mr. Toads, but that's different story. We're not I'm not worry about that. Oh my gosh, there's Alice in Wonderland in Alice and Wonderland. She's amazing." people absolutely loved it and it's been it was it's a winning it's just a winning formula right in all that time since 1983 there's been minimal tweaks to Fantasy Land because people love it they love seeing their characters and all this now what happened this is what happened is that Disney got the rights to Star Wars right they got the rights to Star Wars and by the time that they're getting ready to pitch Star Wars they had probably they had remember the different generations Imagineers the first Imagineers they are retired, right? Those ones who worked on Disneyland. And then the second generation of Imagineers who studied from those first Imagineers, they're kind of in their they're at this point they're kind of in the twilight of their career or maybe they're uh they're done. Is it twilight? Is that the beginning or end? I don't know. They're at the dawn of their career, right? Dusk. No, dusk. They're at the dusk. I always get dawn and dusk. No, they're kind of getting done. They're they're going. So, they got these new generations of these Imagineers coming in. This is kind of how I imagine this when they got the idea to do Star Wars Land. I imagine the older Imagineers were like, "Oh, this is the play box. This is this would be the best sandbox you've ever had." We're, by the way, we're here at Dutch Bros. Let's go in and get you some tea. And then I'm going continue to spill the beans on what happened. And I can document how this is affecting everything even to like a week ago. It's crazy, guys. This is It's absolutely insane. Disney just like have got to quit repeating history. So, let's figure that out. All right, here I am with Dutch Bros. Let me get us a drink and we'll continue on. I got my drink. I got my drink here. I got you a tea. And how many sugars do you want your tea? Six. That's insane. We're not going to be doing that. Okay, now we're not doing that. We got to keep Now that we spilled the tea, let's keep going. I was going to sit out there and talk. It's too freaking cold. Okay, we spilled the tea. Here's what happened. Disney acquired the rights to Star Wars and I I imagine I Whoa. I imagine that the like the pitch I just imagine that all the experienced imagineers were probably like so stoked like we're going to play in the sandbox of Star Wars and they're probably sitting around immediately like okay everybody pitch me your ideas. We're going to create a Star Wars land. Nothing is nothing is off the table. What are you thinking? What are you thinking? Mary what do you think? She's probably like the speeders the speeder bikes from Endor. EVERYBODY'S LIKE OH MY GOSH WE haven't got two D tracks. You're racing speeder bikes. Amazing. Okay. What about you over there? Uh what do you what do you think, John? Uh John, you want uh the Death Star trench run to drive. Yeah, that's amazing. Okay. Not a That's great. I love it. I love it. What about you, Lisa? Lisa, what are you thinking? You're thinking the Millennium Falcon and the asteroid field. Awesome. I love this. What? Brian, what are you thinking? Bestpin? No, Brian, we're not doing Bestin. Quit bringing up Bestpin. Let's We're done with Bestpin. Okay. Okay. These are great ideas. Okay. What? Wait. What? Terry, what are you thinking? that you want to ride the the bantas from um Tatooine. I love it. It's amazing. What? Brian, no. Bestin, Brian, stop it. Okay. Anything else? What are you guys thinking? I love it. Yes, we could do the most Eley Cantina and Tatooine. People are going to love that. It's going to be so much. Brian, what? Best again. No, that's the only thing is I swear Brian, you bring up Bestman one more time. And they're all excited, right? Then what happens? What happened was is that um Bob Iger saw episode 8 and he loved it and he's like this is the best and they're like hey lock the lock the timeline in there and I think the younger Imagineers came in and Bob probably put the younger Imagineers on this project and he's like hey let's lock the timeline at that point between seven and eight and I think the older Imagineers are probably like the original we're not doing the original trilogy and they're like no and the younger imaginers came in they're And I imagine a pitch meeting like this. Hey guys, I know that I'm kind of newer at the company, but this is the new plan for Star Wars Land. We're going to create a brand new planet called Batu. And people are like, "Wait, is that in the movies?" No, it's not in the movies. It's not in the books. All right. And yeah, it's this great thing. And and and wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Here's what this is going to be crazy. We're going to have it. So, when people come into the land, they're going to say things like, "Bright suns, happy moons, light my loins." And people are like, "Wait, was that in the movie?" No, it wasn't in the movie. But it doesn't matter because, wait for it, we're giving the people, the guests a chance to create their own story. They're going to be the characters. We don't need the Star Wars characters. We're going to create a very generic looking land that has nothing to do with Star Wars. And we're put in new traditions that have nothing to do with Star Wars. So people can feel like they're in the Star Wars universe. It's going to be amazing. What Brian? No best spin. I I swear, Brian, I swear. One more. One more. We're not doing bestin. And this was the idea. And so Disney magers, they went with it. They built Batu, which is not in Star Wars that I knew of. And they had these greetings of like bright suns and light your loin. And I don't even know what they're talking about. And when I went to Batu the very first time, the very first day there, I was so excited. But then I was like, where are we? Is this is this Tatooine? Is this supposed to be the moon of Andor? What? We're on We're on Where are we? I did not understand it at all. And then the people and then all a sudden I saw some girl that was like a spy that I didn't know. I haven't seen her in the movies. She had like blue hair and like a orange jacket and she's like slinking around pretending to be a spy. And I'm like, "Who's that?" And I'm like, "Where's Darth Vader?" They're like, "There's no Darth Vader." Why not? Like, well, he he's dead. What about Luke and all? They're gone. They're You'll never see them. I What? Okay. All right. Okay. I guess that's what we're doing now. And that's what happened. It caused it wasn't a success. I'm going to be honest with you. I think people were kind of like, "What? What? I don't understand what this." All they wanted was to see Darth Vader. The exact same problem that Disney did, the excusable problem in 1954 when they're creating the rides of Fantasy Land and all that. They didn't have a blueprint, but they realized, okay, you know what? People want to interact with their favorite characters. They want to be part of the story. They don't want to be the story. They just want to be part of it. They want to interact with it. And so they remedied that in 1983 when they reopened Fantasy Land. And then Disney is redone the exact same problem, the exact same problem in Batu. They're like, "We don't need any characters. You're the character. You create your own story." And now all of a sudden Disney started making some announcements that of what's going to happen. Now I have to get back to my office and keep filming this because I got to plot courses for you because it gets crazy. Back at home. So now we need to talk about let's I want to show you all these little dotted points of time that have happened this timeline of Star Wars the original characters coming back to Batu. And I also think it's that's part of the problem with Star Wars Land is even the naming convention is weird. People don't know what to call it. Do you call it Galaxy's Edge? Do you call it Batu? Do you call it Star Wars Land? And I don't know what's going on. But here's what happened. On January 14th, there's a little timeline. January 14th of 2026, it was officially announced that the original characters are coming to Star Wars Land. Han Solo, uh, Princess Leia, Luke Skywalker. This is a big big deal. They didn't announce Lando Calissi. I'm assuming he's got to be coming back because I love Lando. He's probably my favorite character. And so, but they're announcing they're bringing them back and they're going to be like, "Oh, and Darth Vader. Darth Darth freaking Vader is coming back, which is what we always have wanted. Everybody's wanted this. And they said, this is important. They said that those original trilogy characters are going to be hanging around Smuggler's Run by the Millennium Falcon. That's going to be the area. Then they have the area where Ry is. That's Ray will still be down there. Then they have the other area by that ship. And that's going to be you that they're going to turn that into like a First Order area. And this is it's going to be awesome. So, I think that's where Darth Vader actually will be hanging out is down that First Order area and the original Stormtroopers will be hanging out in that area. So, they all have their own little areas. And I think the Bizaar area where the shops are, that's where I think like Grou and and the Mandalorian will be hanging out. I don't even care. Like, does it bother me that No, I'm just excited to do this. I feel like Disney has realized like, hey, you know what? We tried this experiment in the 50s uh and it didn't work in Fantasy Land. They remedied the situation in the 80s. They did a complete overhaul of Fantasy Land and said, "Hey, now you get to see your characters. Go for it." And everybody's loved it. And I think Disney's now doing exact same thing on January 14th. They said, "Hey, you're now going to be able to see your characters." And this is happening on April 29th of 2026. But we have a lot to talk about. Okay. I think this is a very new development. And I'll show you why. On August 10th, August 10th of 2024, two years ago, a year and a half ago, Josh Dearo at D23 announced that Smugglers Run is going to have a new uh like a new mission to go on, a new mission. And so they're like, this is this is like almost a year and a half ago that they're announcing that Smugglers Run, new mission. Then on March 8th, March 8th of 2025 last year, they made that announcement that says, "Hey, this is going to open up. The new Mandalorian Smuggers Run Adventure is going to open up on May 22nd of this year." And guess what? Uh the engineer in the in the thing, they get to choose a destination. And one of the buttons, you click on it, it could take you to Best Buen. So congratulations, Brian. You finally got Bestpin in there. But anyways, let's go back here to January of this year. January 4th to the 14th of this year, there were all kinds of rumors that Kathleen Kennedy was stepping down or being replaced. And like everybody was making these rumors. Everybody but Disney, other news places. I mean, like like CNN, I mean, like other places were the word was on the street, Kathleen Kennedy was stepping down and but it was not confirmed by Disney. Then again on January 14th of this year, they made this huge announcement that the original character is coming back. The very next day, January 15th, January 15th, Disney made the announcement that Kathleen Kennedy, she's not necess the the creative and the business of like Lucasfilm. and they're taking over this huge area. It is suspect to me that the day before all of a sudden the original trilogy came in and then they made this announcement that Dave Falon is going to be there because he he's a Disney he's a Star Wars guy through and through. He like he worked with George Lucas. He loves the properties. He he understands what fans like. And so and then the weeks before this announcement, the rumors were swirling that Kathleen Kennedy was leaving. So here's what I think happened. I think that they knew that Dave Fona was going to go in there and I think they uh and he and I think he was like um like hey you guys we're going to change we're changing this Dave Filona and Dave and Lynwin they I think they they're they're aware of our the fans were kind of disgruntled with Batu and so they said that one of the first things we're going to do is we're going to change it back to the original have all the characters walking around. This is a big deal and so they announced they said we're going to make that announcement. They made that announcement and the very next day they announced that Dave Fona and Lun are going to be there uh kind of running and co-heading this uh Lucas film. It's really awesome. I think this was a new thing because on May, this is important. May 22nd of this year, that's when the Mandalorian is supposed to be opening. But they just announced a couple like a couple days ago that the man that this the um Millennium Falcon that's going to be Han Solo's area and but now they're going to have the Mandalorian ride there kind of going through that. I think that they weren't expecting to ever bring these original trilogy characters in there when they made those original announcements in 2024 2025 and I think when Dave and Lyn win are coming in here they want the original characters and they're like replacing them in there and I think that they just was like people don't care. give them what they want. And they are literally doing what happened in Fantasy Land in 1982 when they shut it down and they rethemed Fantasy Land and it has been one of the most beloved lands ever since then. Once it opened up in 1983, people have not complained about F, you know, PE see people complaining about Fantasy Land. They love it. They love the attractions. They love seeing the characters. And I think that this is what's happening in Batu is that they're kind of doing a soft relaunch of Batu. I hope that they just get rid of the whole Batu stuff and just call it Star Wars Land. That's what everybody calls it anyways. They just call it Star Wars Land. You go there for Star Wars. Star Wars. Star. We cannot get enough of Star Wars. We will drink of a fire hose shooting Star Wars at us and we love it. We love it. So, let's go to Star Wars land, see the original characters, and just have a good time. And I think maybe I don't know maybe in in couple years they might rethe start rethe theming it to be more Star Warsesque and get rid of this whole like you're creating your own story on a new planet called Batu that you've never heard of bright suns light my loins and all that stuff and they're getting rid of that. I hope it's going to be gone. But Disney has this thing where if they had just looked back at their history, if the new Imagineers and and the and the creatives and the the executives, if they would have taken their time and looked at their history and saw what the original Imagineers did and where they failed, they maybe could have just maybe this problem never would have existed. Maybe it would have been Star Wars Land right off the bat. They would have had characters and Ewoks walking around and droids and been and they would have done all that and says, "You know what? We did that before in the past where we took all the characters out and try to make the guest be the main character." The guests didn't want that and maybe they would have realized we don't want to do that. And they if they would have remembered the past, we could have maybe gotten not had any of these problems. It sounds like to me they're course correcting. They're doing exactly what happened at Fantasy Land. Now they're doing it with Batu. I don't know. Put it down in your comments down below. This is a big deal to me. I think this is a big deal. And never ever, you guys, come on. Never ever ever ever ever ever order six sugars and tea. That's insane. I will never ever do that for you guys. That's That's not That's no good. All right. If you haven't, hit the like button, hit the subscribe button. We got a lot more videos coming out. I got next week's all be Disneyland videos. And I need to talk to you just for a quick little moment. So let me talk to you. I know that somewhere someone right now who's watching this video, I am talking to just you right now. I want you to know that you are amazing. You might be struggling right now. You might be feeling like you have a little bit of depression or you feel overwor uh overworked or uh underappreciated at work. You might be struggling in a relationship. I want you to know that you matter. you. You make the world better. And I am talking to just you right now. Okay, guys. Thank you so much for watching. I'll see you in the next video. Hit the like and subscribe and I'll talk to you guys later. All right, Disney, don't forget your history. Let's not repeat it again. Let's just create great stories. Great stories of great characters and having fun and all that stuff. Disney, you do what you do best. Don't don't just don't look look at your history, all the mistakes you made. Just don't remake those same mistakes. All right, I'll see you guys in the next video. Bye-bye. Woo! Disney made a mistake and then they remedied it and then Disney made another mistake and it sounds like they're remedying it and it's going to be amazing. Brian, stop it with the bat too. Listen, I'm Brian, enough. Get Get out of the shot. Brian, get out of the shot. Get stop talking. Hey, thank to our Patreons. Thank you so much. We couldn't do this videos without your support. You're absolutely amazing. If you want to become a patron, click the link down below. You get amazing cool content just for you.
