---
video_id: q1E6dwwQD38
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Disneyland Paris With Friends. PLUS *BONUS* Foosball Championship it gets loud "
published: 2026-03-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1E6dwwQD38
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris. You're watching Park Pass. Today I am in Paris. I'm going to Disneyland Paris. I'm going be meeting with some of my friends from here from Paris. I'm going to be going to take a little sneak peek at the new Frozen Land. Now, I can't go in the Frozen Land. That's not open yet. I'm going to show you where it's at. I have been invited to the media preview and I got a whole bunch of details on that. It's kind of crazy. And I'm going to go be eating the Acrobat Cafe today with my friend Ludovvic. and it's going to be a good day. Let's do this. Okay, I am on the shuttle bus getting ready to go to Disney Village. It's like a Downtown Disney or Disney Springs. And uh I'm meeting my friend Ludovvic and then we're going to go over to their um well, I'm not even sure what to call it anymore. I'll explain why once we get there. And plus reservations for the Agroad restaurant and be meeting some of my more friends here, my other friends. It's going to be a good day. And I'm going to have you come hang out with us today. So, it was there's a park here. They have Disney Paris, of course, and then right next to Disney Paris, there's another park and it was called like MGM Studios. They just called Hollywood Studios, but they're retheing it now. The whole thing is going to be called Adventure World. And this is they're the whole thing has been renamed, rethemed, and it's going to that rethe theming is going to coincide with the opening of Arendelle Frozen, which I will get a sneak preview for uh coming up. You'll see that the next video or two. And uh I learned about this sneak preview. The day that I'm going is this media event. They have 800 people going and six 500 or 600 of them are media personalities from France, the Netherlands, and Belgium. And then I think the other was that maybe it's 500. That's right. 500. Then the other hundred or so are the other 200 or so are from the other bordering countries like Germany and Spain and England. And then they have on this thing it says 100 international um media representatives and I'm one of the 100 international media representatives. That's everywhere outside of Europe. So they've invited 800 of us I guess and we get to go through this park. I'm on a strict time schedule. I have to show you all the new things of Arendelle and Adventure World. That'll be coming up in a video or two. I'm excited for it. Very excited. Anyways, um if you want It is windy. Wow, it is very windy. If you want to come to Disneyland Paris with me, my wife, my family, then um we are doing a trip in we're coming to Europe in June 13th of this year. It's a week-l long trip. We are going to Disneyland Paris. We're going to Eftilling, this theme park in the Netherlands. We're going to visit Paris. We're going to visit uh like cheese place makers in um the Netherlands. There are six spots available, only six. So, there is there uh there's a lady who's going and she's looking for another female roommate to help split the cost of her hotel room. So, if you are a female and would like to go, click the link down below. There's also a single male going who's looking for a male roommate to help split the cost of his hotel rooms. If you would like to, if you are a single male and want to go, uh, click the link down below. And then we have four spots available. And the four spots, we had a family had to um we're sad that we sad they won't be able to attend and their spots opened up. these four spots. It can either be uh two couples um like two and two or a group of four. And if you want that's it. There's no more room. We are going to be going to Eftling for 2 days. I've been on the phone with Eftling a lot. This theme park they are opening up this pancake restaurant they have there just for the Provos Park Pass group. Uh nobody else will be able to go in the restaurant that time. They're going to have some fun uh things for us to do in the rides. We're coming down to Disneyland Paris for two days. We're going to be visiting Paris. Most of the meals are taken for care of for you. The traveling is taken care of for you. It is one of the best deals you'll ever get if you want to come to travel to um Disney Paris or to Eftling. And it's June 13th of 2026. It's for a week long and it's going to be one of the best times if you want to go. There's a few spots left available. All right, going through security. Okay, so this right there, you let me show you this straight down here, that building, that's the entrance to Disneyland Paris. That is how you get in Disneyland Paris. Right here is the second gate here. This is going to become Adventure World. It's got the You see the little tower there? They've repainted over that. Um this will be debuting uh to the in I think 3 weeks be opening up to the public Adventure World. And uh they're retheing the whole thing, which I feel like this of all the I've been to every Disney park around the world. Of all the Disney parks, this was probably like my eh my my meh park. But now it's going to they've really stepped up. They're adding all kinds of things. This frozen land is going to be great. It's going to be an amazing amazing new gate. Okay, we're walking in here. This is exciting. I'm going to meet my friend Ludovvic. Um he is doing some drawings and so we're going to go meet Ludovic here. He's in Adventures Campus. If you remember Ludovic, L U D O Ludo Vic. I was with He was with me in America and we were hanging out a lot and showing him like Disneyland. And the whole video everybody thought I was calling him little Vic. It's Ludovo Vic. Okay, walking here. This is how you enter into this. It's going to be Adventure World. You see it? There's restaurants here. There's um it looks like a like you're at Hollywood, I guess. >> And you walk down here, this takes you right out into the new, well, it's not really the new rethemed, redone theme park. Again, if you are interested in coming on that Provis Park tour, there's only a few spots left. We're going to be at Eftling for 2 days. We'll be at Disneyland Paris for 2 days. We're going to be visiting Paris for a day. I'm going to be visiting in Amsterdam, like the Holland area, the windmills, the cheese factories for a day. And it's all planned. Everything's organized for you, which is nice. So, if you when you come on this booking, you get to come down. It's all taken care of for you. And then uh you get to just travel around with us and these we have a bunch of special surprises and cool things going be happening. There's uh we're looking for a single female wants to share a roommate with another lady, a single guy wants to share a room with another guy and then we have four spots and those four spots are for either be two and two or a group of four. That's it. There's no more room there. We can't have any more room than that. If you want to go, you just click the link down below. All right. So that's they have the Hollywood Tower of Terror here and it's not been rethemed to like Avengers or like Guardians. It's the actual Hollywood Tower Hollywood Tower of Terror Hotel. And look, there's the Bellman. And yeah, it's fun. They kind of souped it up to make it even more thrilling. I'm going to grab a selfie with the Bellman. Here I am with Ludo Vic. >> Hey. Hey, everybody. I was explaining remember in the American videos. >> Okay. >> Everybody thought you were little Vic. >> No. >> And I've turned a translate in YouTube. It's a petite victim. >> Little victim. Yeah. >> That in the translation on YouTube when translated to French it say the petite Vic or what? Little Vic. All right. He is going to show us where the new entrance to um frozen land. Arendelle is way >> adventure world. All right. This is the adventure entrance to the uh adventure world or adventure >> adulure way >> adventure way >> way. >> Okay. And this is what when here I'll be back here in a day to show you all this. But this is the the entrance. You'll be able walk right down there. You go down here. It's frozen land. This is the venture way and they got like you know got Rapunzel all this stuff. And we're going to be we'll be one of the first people in the world to see it. I can't wait to show it to you guys. So you now I said Ludvik was here for drawing. Ludvik makes fun for as a hobby. He makes maps. See can it's hard to see. Let's see. Let's go in this. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. See? >> Yeah. >> Tower. >> Tower. Terror. Right there. And so he's just doing a little details on how to make this map. This is something he does for fun. And he wants to go to Adventures Campus to look for his details so he can draw his map >> cuz you see it's not finished. >> It's not finished. Yes. So, this part here, this fence, it opens to the public March 29th of this year, 2026. So, this this uh this barricade will remain in place until the opening of that uh to the public on March 29th. And uh I think when I go through my preview, I think it might go that way. I'm not sure. Well, you'll see. So, Ludovvic brought me to this little area. I show you the map. So, this is that building we entered in, right? and it walked forward and this is there's the tower terror building right there. Then right there, this is that fence I just showed you where my finger is kind of pointing and that's what's going to be opening up. This whole area down there where the lake is, this is the whole new area. This is the frozen the Arendelle area that's going to be opened up. Uh it has some new attractions. This look that this part here that's the Toy Story Land. They already have that. And you can see the Arendelle really. Let's see if I can zoom. I'm gonna try to zoom in on it. You kind of Let's see if I Oops. Nope. Don't. Hang on. There we go. So, that's like the Arendelle area. They have like a the village of Arendelle. There's That's all the where the attractions are. And then over here, which is This part's not complete. This won't be complete for a while. This is going to be the Lion King. It's like Splash Mountain. The Lion King log flume. And that's not opening up. That's they have they've started working on that but that that's uh we'll be opening up later on. Uh but this is what's going to be we'll be showing this all the shops down here all the restaurants all this area always taking you to here to show you this and you will get a first look at it. Ludvic's taking lots of photos for his drawing and we are right now in Avengers Campus. I'm going to put Ludovic on the spot. Is Avengers Campus your favorite? No. >> No. What's your favorite >> in this park or all the parks of the world? >> Both. >> Both. >> Uh, my Animal Kingdom. >> Magic Kingdom. >> No, Animal Animal Kingdom. >> Anim. >> What is >> Pandora? >> Oh, Pandora. Pandora. >> Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Very good. >> And here Adventure Land. >> Adventure Land. >> Yeah. And >> adventure land. >> Yes. >> Over frontier land. >> Yes. >> When this is summer with the pigs and too good. All right. All right. >> And um in this park full the entrance. >> The entrance that the building that you walk through. >> No. Before the Mickey sorcerer. >> Oh, the Yeah. Okay. >> This part is very good. >> Okay. The rest but this part >> very French. >> All right. Little Vic has showed me some really cool trivia that I want to show you. So, I'm going to walk kind of outside. This is the This is the entrance into the building. Right. This is the entrance here. Now, we're going to go right inside, right? This door here. Let me show you this. As you walk inside this here, this you see it says background art previous Walt Disney Studios and Burbank. This is what their signs look like. So, this is like an homage. So, it looks like you're in the Walt Disney Studios Burbank. Then they have this little drawing over here. Walt Disney Studios. This here is a list of bulletin and it's got all these uh new hires. Welcome. And has all these names. These are people who are either worked on or are employees here at Disneyland Paris. It's really cool. Then we're going to go back in this building here. And it looks like kind of like this road, but it's like you're on the red carpet with this road. As you turn around, this is the Walt Disney Studios. The building looks just like the building. This up over there, that is Walt Disney Studios. That's Walt Disney's office. If you look in the windows, you can see like on his desk, he had a little model plane. You see the plane right over there? It's on right right in the center screen. Little plane. He's got Pinocchio and then Mickey Mouse right over there. So this and this is this does look like the um what the studios looks like and they see the awnings there. That's just like Walt Disney Studios because Walt Disney wanted each artist to have their own window and then that would so they have natural light to draw and then they have those little like awnings for shade to come down so the sun wasn't directly in their eyes when they're working on uh their drawings. Then if you look over here, I have to show you. Little Vick showed these stars to me. Hang on, let me get over here. So, they have like the stars now. There's Mickey Mouse, of course. There's Minnie Mouse. There's Mu Mufasa. You might be like, "Wow, why Mufasa?" That's because Lion King is coming here. Then they also have Woody cuz they have Toy Story Land here. They also have Buzz Lightyear over here for Toy Story Land. Spider-Man. And then there's Lightning Spider-Man for Avengers Campus. They have Lightning McQueen because they have a little cars area. Rapunzel because Frozen Land is coming here. >> And you can see that there's Anna is also there because for Frozen Land. You also have Captain Marvel because they have Avengers Campus here. You have Shuri because for Avengers Campus as well. And the last show is Elsa uh because of they have Frozen here. So I it's cold here and I had a sweatshirt, my Eftilling sweatshirt, but it broke and I'm cold. And so Ludovix, like this is the new hotness. It's only here in Disneyland Paris. You can only get it in Disneyland Paris and it's been very popular. I want it. >> Come on. a little bit. Give me the Give me the smoking. >> Smoking. >> I'm getting it. >> In French is splendid. >> How do you do it >> in French? Splendid. >> Really? >> Yeah. >> Ah, smokey. >> Ludovic is showing me the coolest trivia. So, this is the the entry way here, but if you turn this way, this takes you to the bathrooms. But on the there's a wall here and they have these posters and he was showing me these posters. So this here this is Wreck-It Ralph's arcade right here. Okay, this here is Paradise Falls which is from the movie Up, but you can fly with Disneyland Paris Airlines, DLP Airlines. How cool is that? Then you come over here. This is from the movie Bolt. You know Disney did a movie Bolt. And then they got Ali and the Alleycats from Aristocrats is there. Find your perfect fit from Cinderella is there. But this is what I love. You see that Pete? It says Pete was here. Pete came pegling. Pete came and graffitied it. And of course you got the Dinoco cars there as well. It's amazing. And then the super diner down there. That's an adventure campus. They have the super diner. And then right here you have KWDI. That's Walt Disney Imaginary is our radio station. And then the of course the radio stations don't go up to it says 140.0. That's the address. That's the address in California. And then over here you see the sign says shop for sale. But if you look very carefully, it says open house BNL. That's by and large from Wall-E. Okay. So we're in that building. I saw a red carpet. I had my brand new jacket on, so I felt like I had to walk the red carpet and show off the new merch. >> Okay, I am walking from the Walt Disney Studios park. Now I'm going to uh Disneyland Paris. It's very close. It's like the same for those people in California, you will understand this. It's like going from Disneyland California to Disneyland. It's that close. Um, it's just right. It's right here. There it is. That actually is a hotel, by the way, for Disney Paris. And you can stay technically you're staying inside the park. They refurbished it. It's very nice. I've not stayed there since they refurbished it. It's very expensive. I also love how they have the Mickey Mouse watch clock up there showing what time it is. It is 2:15. We our reservation is for 2:30 at the Agraba Cafe. So, right behind me, that's the Disneyland Paris Hotel. That's the entrance. That's where you put your tickets. You walk across kind of like this little esplanade. There's the train station. And then you walk right through and that takes you right into Disneyland Paris. And here we are now inside beautiful Disneyland Paris. One of my favorite Disney parks in the world. I really like it. I will be honest with you. If you come here expecting it to be exactly like Disneyland, you want that, then you might walk away being a little disappointed. If you just come expecting a Disney experience, then you're going to be more than happy as it is absolutely magical to me. I've heard some people say that, well, they're like, well, are the cast members rude? I don't find them to be rude, but you have to realize a lot of them are speaking English as their second language, so they're just more succinct of what they want to say to you. They have a little there's a painting on the fountains there. Little touchup. >> You don't see that in California. Yeah, you don't see that very often in California >> because normally it's not guidelines of Disney. It's only in the morning when the guest come in. No, no words. >> That's true. >> It's a quality of Disney. >> So if you're if you maybe can't hear Ludovic, you're saying you don't see that painting like that usually in Disneyland cuz it's a different they have different standards. >> All right. Ludvik, >> what is your favorite building on Main Street? M >> difficult because all the facads is very good. >> They're all very good. >> Yes. >> Is that too difficult? >> I like this this one. Emporium. The main street gazette. >> The main street gazette. >> You can see the colons on the left and right. Very very beautiful. >> It is very I like this. I like this a lot. >> Do you like the Coca-Cola truck? >> Yes. >> Yeah. I love that. >> I don't see it here or not. >> It moves a lot. Yeah. And when it's coming in the morning and before the parade it leaves, but no. >> So, let's see if it's over here. They move it around a lot. It's a Coca-Cola truck and you can sit in it and get photos. Uh, it's not here, but it's usually right here. They'll bring it out and people can sit in it and get a photo. >> Yeah. >> Hello, my baby. >> See it again, Ludvik. Hello my baby. Hello my honey. Hello my right time. Come on kiss my wife. >> I also I'll have to show you what I like on here on um on Main Street. What I really like a lot >> it's a from um you have a Warner Brothers Michigan G Frog. The frog little froggy. >> It's not Disney. >> All right. This is what I like. I like I'm turning around Casey's Corner. Casey's Corner. >> It's the same in Florida. >> Uh, it's Coca-Cola corner. >> Yeah, but Florida. >> Oh, Florida. Yes, it is the same in Florida. But I think it's cool. They have You can go in and you can order your hot dogs, and they do have places for you to sit down to eat, which is a little bit different. I'll have to show you. Let's see if we can go in. So, I'm currently inside Casey's Corner, but it's if you look over my shoulder, you can kind of see that there are seats for you to sit in. It's like this old timey feel. I really like it. We're going to We're going to exit. I have to show you a chair, though, cuz I love this. You know what I also love besides Disney? Baseball. Look at the chairs. Love it. Okay, we are in Adventureland, Ludovic's favorite land here at Disney Paris. The theming is remarkable and he's going to show what he what he show >> my favorite spot of adventure. >> Your favorite spot of all adventur will henceforth shall be known as Ludovvic spot. >> Five. Top five. >> Top five. >> Oh yeah. I like the f theming. It is incredible. >> This is my favorite spot. >> Oh, >> but now you have people. So, >> yeah. Yeah. >> Because you can see water. You can see the best ride ever in Paris and Disney. I think >> pirates cabin. >> Yeah. Paris cabin. All the Paris. Maybe in Florida is not good, but the rest the best. >> Yes. Oh, it's very good. >> And you have a school rock. Beautiful. And the ship, you know, beautiful. So, yeah, >> he likes it cuz you can see the Pirates Caribbean, the the pirate ship, Skull Rock. And if you turn on the left, when you sit, you can see the treehouse. >> I'm going to walk over here just so you so this is a good spot. >> Okay, we turn this way. And that's you see the Swiss family treehouse. That tree right there. >> So now you think you are in jungle like >> Yeah, it does feel like you're in the jungle. And you see a real fish. >> A big fish. That's a fish. >> That's a big fish. >> It's a catfish. >> That's a catfish. Wow. Okay, now we're off to Agrama. This here is the entrance to Adventureland. If you walk kept walking through straight, that'll take you right back to Main Street. But um we're coming here. I have a reservation for us at the Agriba Cafe. And there's you kind of see those chandeliers are hanging. At night time, they they glow blue. And at night time, you can really really look good. And here we are, the Agriba Cafe. >> All right, I have to show you the inside of this amazing restaurant. A lot of it, of course, themed to Aladdin. If you look up there, you can kind of see, the magic carpet. And this area here, they used to have it when you're waiting to get in line, like Ludovic's waiting in line there. When you're waiting in line, they would have people come out and give you tea. And there was a fountain area. This was like a big fountain area here. Well, they took the fountain out, but they left this. Don't drink the water. Even though there is no water there anymore. >> And you can see the scarab from Aladdin the beetle. >> Okay, we just got seated. It's This is a buffet, but I have to show you my tie. Jimmy gave this tie to me yesterday, and he was concerned because he said that Americans ties are more narrow, and this tie is wider. I thought it looked cool. So, I'm like, that's fine. >> All right. So, we just got done eating at Cafe uh Agra. It was It's a buffet. >> Yes. Mediterranean buffet. >> Mediterranean buffet. >> Oriental. >> Yes. What? But I'll tell you what's crazy to me though. They gave you one small It's a buffet, but then they give you one small glass of like soda. You get Sprite, Coca-Cola, lemonade. >> Yeah. Fanta, >> but they don't refill it. That's all you get. So you got all the food, all the finish is finished. >> It's finished is finished. So you get all the food you want, but one little drink. So then I was like, I need more drinks. So they end up bringing me water. water as much water as you want. Okay, now we are leaving Disneyland, but we're going to be coming back. Don't worry, we'll be coming back tonight. But right now, uh Ludovic's taking me to we're going to go to his apartment he moved into so recently. And then we're going to be meeting up with Jimmy and Anes and maybe Anthony. And then we're going to come back to the park. And then Ludovic wants to take me a hamburger place and try their hamburgers here. And so I'm going to take you with me. You're going to get the experience of hanging out with Ludovvic. Boom. >> Booyah. >> Smoking. >> Smoking. >> So, you're going to hang >> splatted. >> Splatted. So, you're going to hang out with me and Ludvic and then Jimmy and Anz and maybe Anthony as well. And then, uh, that's what we're doing today. So, Ludovic's apartment's about 20 minutes away, 20-minute walk. And he says he's going to show me the back backstage behind the scenes behind behind the scenes because we can see everything. I have to show you this that see this uh this is a >> Yeah. How do you pronounce that? >> That's that's alashsh. >> No. How do you say abantu? >> Oh yeah. How do you say that? >> Abenu. See you soon. >> Uhhuh. >> This is the This is the arch that um Hong Kong Disney has that same arch and they copied it from Disney Paris. It's an homage. So, we're walking. This was the offices for the real Disney Channel >> before. Yes. >> For France, but it's not anymore. And then >> Avengers Campus. >> That's Avengers Campus. And you see it? So it's like a rock and roller coaster. >> Yeah. >> You have a gravity building. >> Yeah. >> Here you see a big tunnel. >> Yes. It's a launch. >> Oh, okay. So this is this is the this is the um the other one the the the adventure world park now. >> All right. So you can kind of see the tall mountain of Arendelle and then that kind of like that black fence there. This building here is for flight force, but this building here is where they load. So you load in that building there and then it Well, it's kind of by that building, I guess. And then >> the the gray one, not the black. The gray, >> not the the gray one. >> Black is for stro for Alice. Alis Mondo. >> That's Alice. Oh, that big one's Alice. But then it launches. So you load there and then it launches you in that launch tunnel into that building there. >> Okay, we walked. It's about 15-minute walk or so, but we're in it. The city is called Cirrus. Is that is that correct? >> Yes. >> But um there's a lot of Airbnbs here for Disney Paris. People get apartments and they let them out cuz you could just like we just walk to Disney Paris. But I like the building so much. Oh yeah. And uh they it's like a little area that's there this a little tiny town, right? >> Yes. But uh many people >> but a lot of people live here. But it's it's wellmaintained. Okay. So we're walking like this. Is this park here is dedicated for like Tai Chi. >> Yeah. On the back here. >> Yeah. And then this is a big park here for kids to play. That's a huge slide. Wow. Have you been down the slide? >> No. >> Are you lying? >> No. It's for It's for kids. >> I know. Adults do it. Look how steep this slide is. Oh my gosh. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. Should I do it? Am I going to get stuck? >> POV. POV. >> Okay. like a Rocky. >> Okay. >> He needs a preparation. Lot of concentration. >> Okay. >> You ready? >> Yes. >> Oh boy. It's too much. Oh no. Oh no. my new jacket. Is it okay? >> Yeah, it's good. >> All right. So, do you guys remember how this morning Gludovic was drawing a map? He does that for fun. Well, he did this one uh and just gave this to me as a gift. This is a Disneyland map he did and all the characters around. And this is the opening day. This is what Disneyland looked like on opening day 1955. July 17th, 1955. And if you look right in the center, he put Amanda and I and Miles in the center of that of that this amazing map. You see there wasn't a lot in Tomorrowland, but this was the map he drew this and all the characters that you see around the the border were only characters that were available um during 1955. So it it's all it's all accurate. This is just excuse me. This is what he just does for as a hobby. And so he's doing a new one of a of that's why that's why earlier in the video he was getting more reference points because he just does this for fun. And I have always loved these. We just left Vick's apartment. We're walking by the Tai Chi pad and I'm like, "Do some Tai Chi." Yeah. No. >> No, you do it like Okay. You have to push that three times. Boom. Boom. Boom. >> Oh, new technology. Okay. I don't know. Oh. >> Oh, the karate kid. >> Cryan. >> Chriss. Isn't this pretty? This a great little area. And uh we are now heading to the Seoia Lodge to go visit our other friends and then maybe to the park again. We're not sure. We're playing it by ear. I I am learning so much. So we just got done screwing around doing Tai Chi and he's like Chris Son. And I'm like Ludovicon, you know, like Daniel Son. And then Ludovic tells me he's like well the guy who does the voice the for Karate Kid they did the voice over um Pati. uh for Pat Mardi is what's his name? >> Roger Carell. Roger Carell. >> And he's a famous French voice actor. He does Jiminy Cricket. >> Can you show Can you do Jiminy Cricket in French? >> It's a noisy voice though. >> Where are we going? Straight. I don't know where to go. >> Oh, this way. >> This way. And then he also does asterisk, which is another character that Ludovic likes a lot. Can you do asterisks? >> It's the same. >> It's the same. And he does the Pat Morardis. And so can you like say >> and he does, >> it's important to know he also does elf. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Can you do the can you do his voice and do like wax on >> you know you know wax remember karate kid? He's like wax wax on wax off. >> Yeah. You know why? Why do you do that? And it's like that. No on the movie said why you do that? >> Yeah. >> He he thinks like a slave but he learned the character. >> Yeah. He's learning like a painting. Remember he's painting. He's painting. He's sanding. Yeah. >> But he's learning karate. >> French voice. You have a Chinese accent. It's a French guy, but he do the Chinese accent. So I can't >> Oh, so you can't do that. >> Now in 2026, it's not possible. >> It's impossible. Okay. Well, we we've learned something. Yes, that's you're very true. >> And you do. >> Okay. I have to tell you this. So Ludovic likes lots of American things that I like. Alf the mask he likes the he thinks the mask movie which is a good movie but he thinks it's top 10 best movies of all time. The mask Jim Carrey >> and you are Americans. >> It's like it's like okay. I went to Warner Brothers with Ludovic on a tour and the whole time he just kept asking the tour guide where is the mask filmed here? Was the mask they did this and the tour guide's like >> yes >> yes but nobody cares little Vic. He's like I care. This is fun for me. So when we get to meet Jimmy we're going to the Sequoia Lodge. We'll have Jimmy do his impersonation of Jimmy the Cricut and then we'll have Ludovvik and we'll have a Jiminy Cricut voice off. So, I'm learning a lot. So, we're learning about Jimny Cricket. Ludic was telling me he says the American version when he talks it's uh very round tones. It's very What would you say? How would you say Jimmy Cricket is just so when he sings it's like you wish >> it's gest. >> Yeah. upon a star very but in France they're like no Jimmy cricket he's small what were you saying >> in no like tiny >> so his voice is like a little tiny and he's angry he sounds angry sometimes >> yeah so what did he do like what the and everybody's favorite part is when Jiminy Cricket gets angry at Lampwick and what does he do >> we had to so at Disneyland land. Oh, sorry about that. At Disneyland Paris, they have the Pinocchio ride. It's the same exact attraction they have at Disneyland. Identical. There's no differences. Except here in Paris, it is one of the most popular. It's always a long line. Always a long line. Hold on. We're crossing road and I don't want to get hit. I'm Oh my gosh. He's just walking for it. Oh, they're stopping. Oh my gosh. >> You know, Midnight, I'm walking here. >> Yeah. Midnight. I'm walking here. I'm walking here. Oh, he just he just litig just bolted right out in front of all these cars. He didn't care. I cared. So, anyways, uh I'll keep the camera this way so you can see what we're seeing. He says that Pinocchio is identical, like I said, Disney, but here in Disneyland Paris in France particularly, they love Pinocchio, love him, they love Jimny Cricket. So the the attraction always has like a 45minute or even longer line. It's very popular, right? >> Very popular. Yes, >> very popular. >> You like Peter Pan? Very popular. >> Peter Oh, Peter Pan's just so good. Yeah. Which one do you like better, Peter Pan or Pinocchio? >> Peter Pan. >> Did you see how long it took for him to think that you >> in California? Peter Pan. >> Yeah. If you ask any American which one you like better, Peter Pan or Pinocchio, every American like Peter Pan. Peter, no hesitation, no thinking. >> No, the both is cool. Cool. >> Yeah. And you wait, you wait 30 minutes, 20 minutes for pino and for pen. No, it's 1 hour. So, >> well, it's always >> that's why I think about Okay. So, I wait that. So, it's it's cool or not. >> Yeah. Yeah. Okay. They also have Snow White here, which I'll show you tomorrow or the next day, but it's the old version, the scary version. They haven't updated it. So, in Disneyland, it's Snow White's Enchanted Wish. Here, it's like, what is it called? >> Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. >> Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. We are walking into Sequoia Lodge to meet our friends here. They're in the lounge lounging. Let's go meet him. Walking up the stairs, coming over here to the lounge. I'm here in the Skoy Lodge. I'm wearing my tie that Jimmy gave me. I'm wearing my BB blank t-shirt. Oh. Oh, wait, wait, wait. Lunic, before we Everybody say hi. These are all our friends. We're all here. Lunic, you need to come over here >> because I told We're going to do the We're going to do the the Jimmy the cricket voice off. >> Jiminy cricket voice. We're going to I want you to say >> the French voice. >> Yeah, but I have to remember. >> I don't remember. Ludovic will go first. >> He talks with noisy voice. Come on, Jimmy. >> Don't do John Lennon. >> So, we There he goes. >> Vote down below. Which one do you like better, Jimmy or Ludovvic? Vote below. >> They're going to vote on which one they like better. >> Oh, are you hiding your drink? >> Yeah. Don't drink. We're sitting around as adults discussing important things >> about the world. >> About the world. So just asked me in English, how do you pronounce Huey, Dewey, and Louie? So Huey doing McDonald's nephews. All right. How do you say it in French? >> No, no, no. In Portuguese, >> Yellowstone for >> Yellowstone for two. Yeah, this one's for two. Uh, >> you will see. You will see what is >> it's a very Somebody just ordered a huge drink for one person, but it's for actually supposed to be for two people. >> It's about being efficient. That way, you don't have to order two types. >> Okay. >> Very important. >> All right. How do you say it in Portuguese? >> Okay. So, in Portuguese, uh, huh, >> huh? Louie. Louis. >> Louis. >> Louis. >> Louis. >> And do it's zeno. >> Zinho. >> What? >> Okay. >> Lovic. >> Little. Let me let me >> Who's having a drink for two? >> Oh, no. No. >> It's like from >> How do you How do you say Huey Dei Louie in French? >> Riri. Riri >> Riri is the red. >> Yes. We >> we >> we um do it's a Fifi. >> Dwey is Fifi. >> And so it's blue one and Lou. It's a Lulu. Green one. >> Lulu. So say them again. All three. >> French or >> French. >> Okay. All right. And in Portuguese >> and in English Louie. This This is what they do in France. >> Good luck with that. >> That's going to be okay. >> Oh boy. >> There's a straw. >> There's my hand for comparison. >> So, what do you do in Dan Paris when you're with your friends? You come in the hotel and you play foosball, which I just learned in English in French is called >> baby foot. Oh, you're like >> the downstairs. So, >> this is called baby's foot. >> Baby's foot. >> Do you Are you good at flu spa? >> Mhm. >> This is Jordan. He's actually works here at the Sequoia Lodge. And which team is better, the red team or the blue team? >> Pretty sure it's a blue team. Five notes on the >> Wait, no. Wait, that's not I'm not the blue team. I'm the red team. >> Sorry. Sorry. Not the red one. >> Dang it. >> Dang it. All right. Well, we Let's do a little foosball action. >> This is what he's talking about. This is the foosball table and we are going to play. >> Oh, no. I come back. >> We're starting for reals now. Here we go. >> Okay. >> Okay. Here we go. >> Come on, little. OH, go >> chest. >> Ready? >> Yes. >> Go. >> You can't stop this. >> Wait, wait, wait. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Jimmy, ask Anthony who's winning. >> They are winning. >> Ah, okay. Come on, guys. >> Let's go. Let's go. >> Ready? >> Yes. >> Maybe back. Come on, little bit. Yeah, they they are saying things in French that I can translate for you guys but you don't want to say two zero and then they were like now we're starting for good and we were winning. >> Practice practice goals practice goals. >> Okay. Ready? Yes. >> Let's go. >> Okay. >> So guys, who do you think is going to win? Just put it in the comments. >> Oh yes. >> Oh. Oh. You see >> I just myself. >> Shoot. Shoot. Shoot. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on little bit. Come on. Make it look good. Make it look good. Don't wait. A goalie was over here like this. >> Where is your attack? No. No. But where is your attack? >> My attack was off. >> Okay. >> Okay. Yes. Let's go. Okay. >> Look. Look. Look. Look at the way they are playing like you. See? No. No. Boost. P. What is that? >> It's freeze. No. Okay. >> I don't like your freezing. >> The hell is that? >> I don't see the ball. >> We stop so I can score. >> Oh no. Stop. >> Guys, I think they are a little bit sucked. >> Box. Switch. >> Switch. Where's my >> goalie was in defending? >> Ready? >> Yes. Let's guess. Let's go. No. No. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. No. It's not possible. >> And let's go. >> Oh. Oh. Oh. It's beautiful. It's beautiful. >> Hey, did you guys see that last school? Did you see it? >> Okay. >> Okay. >> We're We're going to see the we play it. >> Okay. I scored here. >> Wait, >> switching it up. Make it a little more fun. Lunic, your hand is here. LA. No, I don't want to play like that. >> No, >> you have something to say. You have something. >> Here we go. Ready? >> So fast. >> And guys, that's that's why I don't play. >> Okay, let's go. >> That's why you don't play. >> Last one. Last one, guys. Get that trash out of here, dude. Get it out of here. >> It's the last one, guys. >> No, no, no. Where's the attack? Where's the attack? >> Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Did you see a safe? Did you see the safe again? >> It's insane. Crap. Get it. >> Very tight. >> Yay. And we have a winner and loser. Winner. >> Loser. >> Oh, wait, wait, wait. I forgot. Bad memories of >> Hey, who who won? >> Anthony, who won? >> And then who won? I didn't >> I'm living. >> Yes. Revenge. >> Wait, wait, wait. Who? You said the blue was going to win. >> Yeah, >> but guess what? >> Red one. But >> now it will be the blue one. >> Okay, that's fine. Cuz I'm going the blue team now. Okay. Okay. >> So now they switch team. You see? It's intense. We are three. >> Five. >> They're five. >> Yeah. I see. It's It's It's intense. >> Very intense >> about Yeah. >> Okay. >> Okay. All right. Here we go. Make it look good. >> Make it look easy. >> That's it. That's it. That's it. Clean plate. Get that trash out a little bit. This is it. This is it. Wait. [ __ ] Good block. Crowds. Crowds on nervous. They're all pins and needles standing there like, "What is going on?" Oh, looking good. Looking good. >> Okay. So, I have to turn the camera on and then you scored. That's That's the thing. That's the thing. So, I'm going to turn it off. >> Okay. What's the What's the score? Yeah. >> Five to four. Yeah. >> Five to four. >> Ready? >> Five. >> No. >> No. You're four. >> Maybe. >> Maybe. Next turn. Next turn. >> Okay. Ready? >> Looking good. Turn the camera on. It's looking good. Squirrel back. No, no, no. >> Bye-bye. >> Do Do you need a tissue? >> No. We're going to score six to four. >> Not yet. >> We have two balls left. >> Yeah. Three. >> That mean three. >> Two more. If we score If we score three times, we win the whole thing. >> We need to score the three times. >> Yes, we will. We will. We will. >> This is going to We're going to score predicting it right now. We're going to score this goal in 15 seconds or less. Less. >> Count it down. >> 15 seconds or less. >> Yep. >> Ready? >> Yep. Start counting. Go. >> That went in. That went in. >> No way. >> That went in. Oh. Come on. >> Okay. >> Two to go. >> Two. >> I'm sweating. I'm nervous. >> Okay. Ready? >> Yeah. Let's go. >> Get out of here. Get it out of here. >> Oh, that's it. >> Attack. Attack. Hold on. See the boat. No. It's intense, guys. It's intense. >> They are playing for their laugh. >> You see, I said I have to turn the camera on and the game will change. >> Can you hear it? Can you hear it? >> They're nervous. >> Can you smell that? >> Fear. >> Fear. Okay, >> this is it. This is it. We're tied. We're tied. >> We're tied. >> Last one. >> Yeah. Wait, wait, wait. Bless it. >> Three, two, one. >> Get it. Attack. >> Trash. Get it. >> No. No. No. No. Don't worry. We're It's fine. >> Oh. Oh. Get it. Get it. Get it. Get it. Get it. Get it. Oh my gosh. >> Come back up to you. >> Yep. >> So, wait. I just go through. >> Wait, Jimmy, let's do a quick recap. >> How many games did you win, Ludovic? >> One. >> You won one. Anthony, how many games did you win? >> One. >> One. >> How many games did you win? >> None. None. >> I have ID. >> Next next game >> together. Oh, >> we will win. >> You sure? >> You make everyone win or I make everyone lose? >> Question. >> We're doing it. >> Can we go that side though? >> Oh, this side. >> Oh, yeah. >> Here's the red. >> You do it. >> Whichever. >> I can't even get the ball. >> You can tell me. You can tell me when you want to switch. Okay. Ready? >> Yeah. >> Yes. >> You're lucky. You're very lucky. >> You want to switch? >> Can you just explain what happened right now? Like like it's the beginning of the game and >> I pushed the ball in hard. It bounced off the wall and just went into our goal like >> like >> and that just didn't even touch. >> They didn't need to have anything that just waggled from there >> there and you right in. All right, we're trying this again. >> Okay, let's go. >> The the same? >> Yeah. Well, I can't even. >> You sure? >> Okay. Ready? >> No. >> Okay, I'm going to >> I hope not. Okay. We have two defensive players against two offensive players. This is it. >> I didn't lock it. >> You did good. >> Thank you. It's like I did good. >> You did. >> We did fine. >> Losing physically, but mentally we're all over them. >> All right. You ready? >> No. >> I can't even. Here we go. Okay. >> Wait for it. >> Play strong. Play strong. Play strong. Okay. >> Yes. Okay. >> They are green. >> Yeah, we can see. >> Okay. Not good here. >> That's okay. >> As long as we got that blue. Okay. She just hit it. She just went stink and it rolled in. >> Okay, let's try that again. That looks fun. >> Run it back. >> Run it back. Do it again. >> Wait, something's going on here. Crowd's nervous. Oh, >> get out of here. Get out of here. Attack. Good. Attack. Attack. >> No. >> Yes. >> I think it's me. >> I usually shake it off. Shake it off. >> I'm usually usually good. >> I usually win one or two. >> Okay, here we go. This is it. >> This is good. This is good stuff. Oh. Are you kidding me? Could you make it a little more dramatic for the viewer, Jimmy? Will you hum the Rocky music while it's going? Yeah. You know, so they can hear it. So I get pumped up. >> Which music? >> Rocky. You know Rocky? >> I know a Rocky song, but I don't think it's the same. >> A Rocky. >> Not the one from the rookie or Okay. Okay. >> Not the Rocky. Wait, wait. Have we got the right to sing this song? >> Well, I have the right to sing the song. Yes. Are you sure? >> All right. Where are we going? No. >> You have to talk to me. Tell me WE'RE GOING. >> NO, WE'RE GOING. >> I WAS I WAS DANCING. >> I was dancing. >> Get out of here. Oh. Attack. Attack. >> We got We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. Okay. >> Okay. Wait. We need music. Jimmy. Get it. Get it. Get it. Get that. Run it back. >> Get it. Get it. Get it. Get it. >> He's nervous. He's nervous. I'm sweating. >> Come on. Get it. Get it. Get it. Get it. Get it. Get it. Get it. Yes. >> And nothing. >> Get that out of here. nothing to get past this wall. >> It's like the Great Wall of China over here. >> Get it. Get it. Get it. Get it. Get it. Get it. >> You're doing great. >> Yay. >> Back fil. >> And one more. >> Wait. Time. What's the score? >> I don't. >> It's four. >> Four to three. >> Four. >> What are you? >> I'm sorry. I can't hear you. >> Three. >> You're You're less than four. >> Coming back. >> All right. They're twist. >> What was that? >> I don't know. >> Do Do you have something to say, guys? No. Okay. I I can't understand. Do you have something to say? No. >> Do you remember that time I scored from the back field? >> Yes. >> That was fun. >> Then you scored again right afterwards. >> No. >> Do it again. Do it again. Run it back. >> No. Get out of here. >> Sorry. Sorry. >> Sorry, Anthony. You get the trash out of here. Okay. Remember, they're [ __ ] >> It would be so funny. We're going to be >> going slowly. >> Rolls in slowly. Get it in. >> It's okay. >> It's okay. It's okay. Second. >> You still have one more regroup. You still have one more. So, you'll see winning. >> Go. One, two, three. >> Okay. >> Oh, you see that? Get out of here. Get out of here. Get it. Get it. Get it. Come on. He's nervous. He's nervous. >> We're all nervous. Chris, >> foo. Foo. Okay. No. No. Don't tip it that way. >> That's Y. Yep. Yep. >> No. >> Get it. Get it. Get it. Get it. You got it. Okay. Just a little tappy tap. >> Oh. OH. >> YEAH. Show that. >> Holy. >> Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait, I'm sweating. >> I'm going to I'm going to show them I'm going to show them what happened here. >> Only four. >> Okay, two more to go. >> Wait, wait, wait. Stop. Don't. I have to say this. >> They got only four, but >> like they have still four to make. >> I just want to say this, and I'm being for reals cuz we're friends. >> If we win, >> we're better than you. >> Okay, let's go. >> LET'S GO. >> LET'S GO. OH, >> COME ON. THAT was cute. That's a cute stop. Come on. Attack him. Attack him. Nervous. >> Hit the freak. WHAT ARE YOU DOING? >> WHAT ARE YOU DOING? >> It's okay. >> Okay. >> If you if they win this one, we try. Stop. >> Don't say don't say bad things like that. >> Don't say bad things. >> You want to bless the ball? >> Yeah. >> There you go. >> You good? You ready? >> Just give a little >> Okay, there you go. >> I cannot go out on a tie. I cannot go on a tie. I cannot go out on a tie. WE GOT >> And we got We got the winner. We got winner and we got loser. So now guys, do you do you think that it was because Chris was with Inesh that Inesh win once or you think that she had something to do with the game? >> She actually scored. Did you see their faces though? They were concentrating so hard. And then I'm going to recreate right in slow motion. I was in the back. I was like, "No." And then I hit the ball and it was like dunk and I'm like and Nez was like and Ludovic's like and Anony's like I hate you. >> Okay guys, we're getting close to the end of the video with my friends. We're walking because >> your friend your friend your friend >> my friend my friend friend. I was like what are we doing guys? Are we going to go to the back of the park? Are we going to do something crazy? And they're like, "We want to do something even better. Let's go to >> McDonald's. >> McDonald McDonald's." Uh Mickey >> McDonald's. And they're all sitting around. They're like going, "How do you say it again? Mac, what were we saying? >> McDonald's. Macdonald." >> I didn't understand what they're saying. They're like, "Let's go to McDonald's." And I was like, "What is McDonald?" And they're like, "You know, McDonald's, Big Mac." I'm like, "Mc McDonald's." And then I told them, "We call it Mickey D's in America." And they like that. So, >> and French is Macdo. >> How do you say it? >> Macdo. >> Macdo. So, we are off to M McDonald's. Macd >> We could be going to Disney Paris. But why do that when we go? >> What's that? >> Brand new. It opened last week. >> Oh, it's brand new, guys. This McDonald's is brand new. It opened last week. >> Since you are a Disney YouTubers and you always talking about the new stuff, you have to talk about the new stuff. >> You're helping. Got it. Our friends internet talks about that. The internet talks about that. >> Oh, really? Okay. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Let's Let me do it right. >> Breaking news, guys. We're going. The brand new McDonald's here in Disneyland Paris opened up last week. Having fun with you. All right, let me show you the brand new McDonald's. Okay. Hey, here we are. This be right behind me, right over that way. Let me turn around so you guys can see. Is the old McDonald's. You can see the arch. They are current half of the arch. It's just an arch one. >> It's not It's not an M anymore. >> No. Yeah. And then this is the brand new McDonald's. Three stories. >> Very cool. This is a brand new McDonald's that just opened a week ago and people are very excited about it. So >> actually >> Oh, look at that queue line. >> You know the one you bought in Florida? >> We entered in. and they give you a little table tent and then you have to go to the machine over here to order your food. So, let's do this. So, first thing you want to do, I have to go over here and do this. Change the language to English cuz Okay. And we're going to eat in. And now we're going to select what do we want to get. Ooh, what's that? The reclet. >> Yes. >> What the heck is that? >> We have a burger. >> I want it. I'm just like the sandwich. >> Okay, I'm going to get that. Oh, I want to reclet menu. So, that's what I want to do. Okay, so I'm going to go over here. Going to probably have to get rid of the last order. Oh, fries with bacon and Oh, let's get that. Okay. And I'm going to try I don't know this Oasis tropical. Sure. With ice cube. Oh, yeah. Sure. and then add to order. Okay, now let's get this. I'm going to order this meal. They also have a mafe. This is interesting. Look at this. Holy cow. This is pretty fancy. >> We are on the third floor here of McDonald's. This is very important. Did Jimmy want to make sure you guys understood this? Yeah. Tell me. >> There is a McDonald's in Florida. >> Yeah. >> By Walt Disney World. >> Yeah. >> And Jimmy wanted me to make sure that you knew that >> this one it's big on >> this one's bigger. That's very important. I'm like, "Yeah, >> you have to." So, you have to come here. >> Yeah. >> You can you can enjoy the park of this one in Paris if you want, but just just come here to McDonald's. The biggest one in the world. >> The biggest one in the world. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Okay. There you go. >> Okay. So, this is the fries I ordered. It's a special fry. This is Let's see here. >> Yeah, >> it's a bacon cheese fry. >> And this is the reclet sandwich. >> There's the reclet sandwich. It's got melted cheese and the tomato on it apparently. I don't remember that tomato. I got the I held I told him to hold the onion on it though. Okay, let's do it. I'll tell you I'll eat it and come back and tell you when I'm done. Hey, here I'm Everybody's gone except for Ludovic. We're walking. >> Still here. >> Still here. Um I'm walking back to my hotel. He's walking back to his house. And uh McDonald's. I mean, >> it's absolutely gorgeous. >> I did like the fries though with the bacon bits and cheese. >> My fries is very good. >> Yeah. So, okay. I'll talk to you once I get the hotel room. Hey, this is the end of the video, but I wanted to quickly talk to you. I want you to know how amazing you are. Now, some of you who are watching this video, maybe at sometimes you might feel a little sad or lonely. You are not alone. You are amazing. You are awesome. And you make the world a really good place. You make it better. You really do. And if you feel depressed and you feel like things aren't going to get better, it will. It's a promise. The problem with depression and sadness is when you're in the middle of it, it feels like it's never going to change. But it does. He just wants you to know that you make the world better. You're awesome. Here I am just walking all the way down back to Calamity Jane. Hope you guys enjoyed today's video. It's a little offbeat. I got to hang out with my friends a little bit. When I come travel all the way out here, for me it's kind of a joy and a pleasure to hang out with them and go see like, you know, they hang out with them and do their things that it's fun for them to do. It's just fun to be around them. I always imagine that you're with me. So, I'm glad that we won at foosball. I also thought it was fun to to go and just see all the cool things we saw today. All right, guys. I'll see you in the next video. You're amazing. Talk to you later. Bye-bye. This is awful. I think I left my phone at McDonald's. Oh no. Really bad. Oh no. I'm an idiot. I have it in my pocket, in my shirt pocket. I've been running in a pure panic thinking, what am I going to do? I checked my pockets. I checked my backpack and I just bursted out running. And then I just happened to go like that and I hit my shirt pocket. >> I don't ever keep my phone there. And my jacket was zipped up so I couldn't feel it. All right, I'll see you next video. That's right. I'm undefeated at foosball. I had a great time and I got a brand new jacket. Thank you to my friends who hung out with me today. And if you want to become a Patreon and get your name on this end card and get cool uh exclusive videos for you just for you, click the link down below and become a Patreon. You won't regret it. It's a make it's a great community. Don't be afraid to join it. You won't regret it. See you next video, guys.
