---
video_id: XLidUjlQbHY
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "3 HIDDEN SECRETS At Disney California Adventure That You'd NEVER Heard Of"
published: 2026-01-21
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLidUjlQbHY
---
Hello everybody. My name is Chris and I'm right in front of Disney California Adventure. In today's video, I'm going to show you my three favorite secrets of Disney California Adventure that you do not know. These are deep, deep cuts. Let's do it. Ooh, nighttime is the right time at Disney. It always looks so amazing and so wonderful. I absolutely love Disney California Adventure and I want to show you three cool things you absolutely did not know about Disney California Adventure. Now, this is Buenav Vista Street. Buenav Vista Street is literally a time capsule. Starting from right here at Oswalds, it's about 1927. And as you go this way, you're going to get later in the years. It's 1928, 1929, 1930, 1931, 1932. So, one of the ways you can distinguish where you are in the timeline is if you go over here into the store, the five and dime. And I love baseball. You baseball fans have got to like this one too because this is absolutely amazing. All right, so here we are in the five and dime. And you need to look right over here at these baseballs. See right up there says sports. Some cool stuff there. But you can see those baseballs up there. What makes those baseballs so special? All right, so you see some baseballs up there. And the baseballs, if you look very carefully at the stitching on the baseballs, they are either blue and red or black and red. For me, it's kind of hard to tell from this distance which they are, but they use baseballs with multiolor stitching until 1933. After 1933, they went uniformally to just all red stitching. The National League, they use black and red, and the American League used blue and red. So, you know, right here at this point, from this point over, it's 1933 or earlier. actually 1932 or earlier. Did you know that? It's amazing. I love that. Sweet, sweet baseballs. I was actually playing baseball just last night. I was in the outfield and I was thinking to myself, I'm like, why is that ball getting bigger and bigger and then it hit me? >> I don't think this is the time for that type of humor. >> I love that Disney has that that baseball nod there. also as a little indicator of timeline of where we are in the timeline. I think that's super cool. Baseball forever. Go Padres's. >> All right, the next secret I'm about to show you is located in Cars Land. And that baseball one, I'm going to say on a scale from 1 to 10 difficulty, that's probably about a 9.5. Very few people knew that. But the next one we should take is in Cars Land. On a scale of difficulty, I'm going to put this one at about a 4 and 1/2 maybe. This is a fun one and a good one if you have little kids cuz it's easy to point out to them. Let's go to Cars Land. And Cars Land at nighttime is the most beautiful land. The thing about Disney is it just is fun cuz they put these little Easter eggs, these little hidden things in the in the park. Most people don't know that they're there. And the Imagineers, I think, do it for themselves, but they do it also for to make the park feel authentic. It's amazing. Getting ready to celebrate the Lunar New Year. Excited about that. It's the year of the horse. Clippity clippity clap. Lunar New Year. It's a fun thing that my wife and I like to celebrate as well. We really, really love Asian culture. My wife lived in China for a while. She was a teacher and I would go out and visit her. One of the things about Lunar New Year that is really cool is they you eat long noodles. Long unbroken noodles is a sign to have lots of luck for that year. [music] So for those of you at home want to celebrate Lunar New Year, you could eat some long unbroken [music] noodles. Udon would be my recommendation. Udon noodles. It's gonna bring you ample good luck for the new year. >> We're heading into Cars Land right down [music] here. Let's go. Cars Land is really pretty. It's set the standard so high for all the other lands that they've created. It's one of the best. It's fantastic during the day, but at night time, oo, nothing's better. So, in order to see this cool secret about Disney, you have to go all the way to the end. So, let's walk down here. >> At Carsine, when the sun sets, they always play the sheboom. She boom yada and that's when the lights turn on whenever the sun sets. So if you're ever in Disneyland, you can come here at sunset and be a part of the shaboom ceremony. It's not really a ceremony, just they the lights come on, they play that song. Sometimes people will slow dance on street to it. It's a fun little tradition that they have here denoting nighttime, which is the right time. And then we're going to keep keep going down here past the Cozy Cone Motel. [music] right into the Floss VA cafe. >> This one I'm going to show you is a hidden Mickey. And hidden Mickeyy's are fun for little kids to see, and you can kind of point them out to your family and friends. If you watch this video, you come down here, you show your family, friends these secrets, and they're like, "How did you learn this?" You say, "Uh, not only am I good-looking, I'm smart." Just say that to them. >> [music] >> Go right down here. This isn't This is not what I'm showing you, but I love this. Okay, see [music] this that traffic light? Every third blink, it's a little bit longer. Watch. One, two, three. A little bit longer. Let's do it again. One, two, three. That's not the secret I want to share with you, but I love that they do that. That's Filmore in the movie Cars. He says, "I'm telling you, man. Every third blink gets a little bit longer." >> I'm telling you, man, every third blink is slower. >> The 60s weren't good to you, were they? >> And the sergeant is like, "The be the 60s were not nice to you." So, we're going to keep going down here. to the town of Radiator Springs. And here we go. One of my favorite hidden Mickeyy's. All right, so this is a like a telephone pole. It's got wires that go across and the wires are attaching from the pole to the building. [music] And the wires form a little Mickey head. It's kind of hard to see right now. I'm going to zoom in so you can see it. [music] It's two small square circles and a big circle [music] right there in the center of your screen. You can see the Mickey head right there. Little hidden Mickey. It's easier to see during the daytime maybe, but you come with your your kids or family friends, you can show them that and say, "Hey, check out the hidden Mickey hidden right up there." I love it. Of course, this is the Radiator Springs Racers. It's an amazing attraction. One of the very best around. >> Do you know what Lightning McQueen's favorite food is? Kachchow Maine. Get it. This is just why Cars Land is amazing. Check it out. We [music] got some. Look at this. Oh, the flag is here. Okay. I'm going to drive real fast. Check your flag. It's wavy. [laughter] >> Have a good night. There you go. Good night. Oh, it's so fun. Love it. That's just why Disney's fun, right? Just have a good time. All right, so this isn't one of the three deep secrets, but something I just like to share with you guys. So, I'm in San Francisco Tokyo. Right behind me, we got the market, the makers [music] market. Now, you're going to see this. Look at this amazing banner above me. You see these little banners here? These are all the little battle robots right over here. You've got Little Yama, Cereabus, Smashbot, Meabot, Snips, and Wormbbot. These are the different The Megaot, of course, is is the good guy. But these bad guys, you can see they've all lost. How do you transport? How do you trans have transportation for your Battlebots? Well, you have carrying cases for them. So right here where they have all the merchandise, they're actually, if you look, it says carrying case property of Miss Yama. This here is little Yama bot right up here. This is how you would store and care and transport your battlebot. Really cool. There's There it is. Right at the top of it, you can see this case here is how you transport the worm bot. There's slogans, we play dirty. There's a little worm bot at the top of it. [music] This transportation case is for snips. There's snips right up there. So you you close these doors. House of razors. And this one here, this little travel case is the service travel case. You got the service battle top of it. And [music] so it folds over and it would say cereabus layer. But you'll notice [music] we did the little yama is right there. We did cereabus is right there. [music] We did snips is right there. We did Wormbbot is right there. [music] But there's one right here we haven't done. It's Smashbot. Where's Smashbot's transportation case? I don't know because you look back here, there is one that's already closed, but this one says Sabbot. It's not Smashbot. You see this one is closed and ready to ship the robot. It's a Battlebot. So, was that an error by [music] Disney? They have a Smashbot and then a Sawbot case cuz every other case matches except for [music] that one right there. the Smashbot and then inside's a sawot. I don't think so. I think that the Sawot owners just took their [music] losing robot and left already and Sawbot is just here and just destroyed. All right, let's go down here. I'm going to tell you about this next cool secret. Oh, it looks pretty. Wherever you are right now, I hope you enjoy this. I hope things are going well for you. >> Let's walk into Pixar Pier and go down and talk about my one of my favorite secrets and one of the hardest ones to see here at Disney California Adventure. walking along. People, one of the questions I get asked the most like, "How do you learn these secrets?" A lot of them come from cast members themselves, they tell me. Sometimes Imagineers will tell me, sometimes they do his just doing research about it. Uh, find out lots of little secrets. Disney has so many. I've been doing these videos for a couple years now. I still feel like I haven't covered there. You'll never uncover them all. There's just too many. There's so many. Every time I feel like I'm like, "Oh, that's I've covered everything there is to cover." Then all a sudden I get a message from somebody like a like a cast member or somebody's like, "Did you know about this? Did you know about this?" And it's just amazing to me. We keep digging and learning more and more how cool it is. All right, so this next one is for the Incred Coaster, which I can't show you right now cuz the Incred Coaster is not running. This one is very difficult. On a difficulty scale, I'm going to say this is a 10 of 10. probably one of the hardest secrets, most difficult because it's difficult to to see and it's uh most people don't know about it. It is a [music] good one though. All right, the Incredic Coaster is a looping roller coaster. It's got a loop in it right there. [music] A looping roller coaster. It's a very smooth roller coaster, [music] but it does loop. Goes around a nice loop. Now, here's what you have to do. If you want to see one of the coolest hidden Mickeys of all time, you ride the Incred Coaster. As you're getting ready to go into the loop, what you have to do is you have to lift your head up like this so that you're looking up. You're looking up. It's important. The reason you're doing that because when you go upside down, when your head's like this, you're actually looking down. Now, there are pylons. These pylons are the poles that are support beams for the uh Incredic Coaster. They go down to the ground and they have this little circle of cement where the pole goes to the ground. There's a circle cement there. Some of they took those pylons and they put those circles there. [music] And one of them, they put two little small circles. So, if you're looking up and then when you're upside down, so you're looking down, you can actually see a hidden Mickey on the ground and it goes by like that. Now, I can't show it to you right now cuz it's not running. So, I'm going to go to my old footage cuz I have it from one of my old videos and I'm going to show you that hidden Mickey right now. >> All right, on the loop. Yeah, that is a really hard Mickey to see. Uh, and very few people see it and very very few very few people [music] know that it's there. But you do ride a credit coaster, prepare yourself. But as you're getting ready to go to that loop, lift your head up and just look straight up. As you go upside down, scan that. You'll be able to see that incredible hidden Mickey that very few people ever get a chance to see. So, I can't recommend that one enough. It's just it's awesome. So, yeah, you're you're going to it's just great. I love it. All right. I got to find a spot, guys, to sit down and chat with you. So, let's do that. Oh, hey, did you like this video? Wait a minute. You You did? Okay, good. It's free. It's awesome. And if you want to, you can hit the subscribe button and you can subscribe. You know, you can subscribe as many channels as you want. Subscribe to all the channels that you like. Subscribe to this channel and that way as new content comes out, you could go look and if you want to watch it, you can watch it. If you don't want to watch it, you don't have to watch it. Really, what the subscribe button does. >> YES. YES. HI, HOW ARE YOU? I actually can't even remember what I was talking about. Um uh somebody stopped by and we'll just do a little chitchat and uh so but I do need to find a spot where I can talk to you guys. >> Also, we kind of just need to look how pretty this looks. >> Whatever you're doing right now, just take a quick moment, deep breath, just enjoy that moment. I found a little spot. [music] It's like an emmer emotional whirlwind. Hey, I am talking to you [music] right now. I want you to know that you matter and you are unique. You you you make the world a better place. Did you know that? And you might think to yourself, "No, I don't." You do. And if you think that you don't, that's because the world has kind of maybe beat you down a little bit or you've had some setbacks. That's okay. We all do. We all have bad days. We all have bad months. Sometimes we even have bad years. But it does get better. And you do make the world a better place. And if you're struggling, I just want you to know how unique you are. Don't forget that you are just the world and stars. You make the world great. You know, I was just thinking about that. >> That's somebody. They're like, "You're always happy." >> No, I'm not always happy. I have I I'm just like you. I struggle with depression. I have sadness. I've experienced grief. I've had fantastic memories, amazing success, and lots of failures. And this year in 2026 is a year that I'm not afraid of failing. I'm going to try my best to create great fun vlogs for you guys to watch. I kind of go outside my comfort zone. I'm going to try to do bigger and better things. And if I fail, so what? I'll just pick myself and dust myself off and keep trying. So this year is going to be a great year for you, too. Do not be afraid of failure. You're only competing with yourself. Just try to make this year better than you'd had last year. It's all it is. It's all you're trying to do. Yeah. Don't be afraid of failing. I used to be. I'm trying to get over that. I want to be successful just like everybody else. And if you want to be successful, you're going to go through a lot of failures to get there. So, all right. I don't I don't know. I'm I'm yammering. I tend to do that sometimes. I do that when I get tired. I just kind of talk a lot. My wife says at night time I become a chatty Kathy and I just kind of talk her ear off. I do I enjoy doing that. What a fantastic theme park. Okay guys, if you want we have great we have other videos. Did you know that we have videos that are just for our private for our Patreon members? And my wife Amanda, who's fantastic by the way, she does a video every week just for our Patreon members. So if you want more Amanda, she's just that's behind the scenes stuff, just talking about her life, what's going on, talking about going on at Park Pass. You can become a member for as little as $3 a month, get extra videos. We also have a tier where they do we do a bunch of stories just on our Instagram for hidden stories, just for the Patreon members. If you want to see those hidden stories, you can become a Patreon member. It goes a long way. Support the channel. If you think our content is worthwhile, see you guys in the next video. Bye-bye everybody. Have a fantastic evening, morning, wherever you are. I was just talking to a friend of the program. They just got a photo and she told me that her husband, who's not here with her, he has difficulty coming to the park sometimes [music] and she's like, "You know what? I really like, I like it when you just kind of show the camera, just kind of walk around." That's my husband likes that. And if any of you are exercising to this video, run, John, run. And any of you just want to kind of have this floating camera for a second. I'll be quiet. It won't talk. You can just have the ambiance, the ambiance of Disney cover adventure. And I apologize, she didn't tell me the name of her husband, else I would say this is for you. But this is for him. Oh yeah. We went to this particular property. [music] >> [music] >> Hello. Oh, hi. >> The next day they're like the next day. It looked super cute. She got chicken. [music] I thought we could go down to Schmoozies together. Maybe see if there's a nice little treat we want to get. Whatever that's called. >> Then I said that Seems like there's a little bit of a line. >> Looks like everybody had the same idea that we did. Let's get maybe let's go get water instead. So, >> I know you're not really physically with me right now, but I'd like to imagine that you are hanging out talking a little trash about baseball probably and uh eating some food here. All right, guys. That'll do it. I'll see you in the next video. You are amazing. Don't forget that. And uh I wish I knew that lady's husband's name. I didn't even think to ask for that, but I hope that you enjoy enjoyed that little floating camera for you. You guys are amazing. >> Oh, >> hi. >> Hi. How are you? >> I love the bubbles. [laughter] >> All right, talk to you guys later. >> Talk to you guys later. Bye. There's our three secrets of Disney California Adventure. church. You know, Disney California Adventure has tons and tons of secrets in it. If you want to see more, make sure you hit the like and subscribe button. You are amazing. And to our patreons, we couldn't do these videos without your support. We love you and you're amazing. And if you want to become a Patreon, click the link down below. You see amazing videos just for our Patreon community. It is awesome. You guys are the best. All right, see you next video.
