---
video_id: v1lMQ8iqmQY
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Bus, Plane, Jeep, BED! How To Travel While Dead Inside"
published: 2026-03-24
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1lMQ8iqmQY
---
Oh man, I am so tired. Okay, we are out of Sequoa's Lodge. I was going to show you the bus. I'll show you when I get off. Um I totally forgot because you guys, my brain is so scrambled. But look at our bus. It's actually pretty full. And we're now leaving the hotel and we'll make it to the airport. I don't know how long it's going to take us, but I guess it's like around an hour. I don't think I don't know if we've done this bus before. I feel like I kind of remember it. Chris couldn't remember it. We'll see. But goodbye. Goodbye, Disney Paris. Goodbye. >> We are on our way. So, the bus stopped at the um what is it? I forgot what the hotel is called. It's the one that looks like Yach Club and Beach Club. And we're on our way. So, the reason why we're doing the bus is the train doesn't go early on Sundays. So, I also think that's why it's super full. It's a pretty morning. Yay! We made it to the airport. It was only like a 45minut drive, maybe even less than that. 40 minutes. That was not bad at all. So, it's time to get on our long flight again and head home. I'm excited to see my boys. I was trying to show you the airport, but there's like where the all the airplanes go. I just see bushes and concrete. And now we're in our bridge. How do you guys like this bridge? Is it nice? Now we see shrubbery. Is that nice? And then we see a barbed wire fence. >> Oh well, I tried. >> I was all excited. I was like, we're here, but this terminal is so far away. So, we've been still driving for like another 15 minutes. It's a little bit longer than I thought. I was so excited. I was like, "Yay, we're here." Now I have no idea where we are, >> but we're not here. >> Uhoh. >> We made it to the airport. Security was a little crazy, so make sure you save yourself plenty of time if you're coming to Paris. Um, got this because I didn't have time to eat this morning. Let me just grab a medium cappuccino. Welcome to the Charles Dal. Can't pronounce it correctly, but the CDG airport. It's pretty cool. It's pretty cool in this terminal. It kind of reminds me of a train station. But yeah, I need some caffeine. So tired, but it was so much fun. Everything was just magical. It was the best whirlwind whirlwind. Can't even talk. Still so tired. Whirlwind. And it's just so fun. So, I'm getting some caffeine so I can at least go and get settled on the flight without just completely like my body just breaking down, crashing because that's where I feel right now. I feel like this and I have to still get on the flight, get settled. I want to get the food and then I can fall asleep. Let's go. Time to head back to the United States. If you guys have watched this whirlwind adventure from like start to finish, you've probably seen my like physical and mental decay as I've got and as I've got more and more tired and like less and less sleep. Okay, as it's getting prepared, a little side note, our son loves this airport because they have arcade games and video games. How cool is that? We're getting ready to board and sometimes the bus situation in Paris is a nightmare because not all of them have walking gates that you can just walk right into all like that one. Ours we're going to take a bus to the plane anyway from everyone and they're like sorry >> the Wi-Fi signage is not all with the sky. >> I did not get the bulkhead this time. The flight was super super full. So, I just grabbed what I could, but here I am. Little squishy. All right, let's go. Today's menu was pesto chicken or noki with uh cream sauce. Usually the vegetarian option is the pasta, but their noki is good. I've had this before. It's yummy. And then this is really good, too. Misu. Very good. And then this is probably that same little weird vegetable medley that I could never Let's take a peek. What's in here? See if I can get it off better this time. And I can't. What is it? You want to show yours? >> Oh. Oh, it's different today. A different vegetable medley. >> Peppers. >> Peppers. I don't know what else is in there. Mush. It's just vegetable mush. But this is good. And this is good. And is there a roll today? There is. This thing. tomato and oregano picasha. Fancy. So fancy. A random little hack that I do is this butter is always like rock solid and you want it for your uh bread. So I either put it on top while I'm eating my salad or put it underneath the pasta and it'll get warmed up so then it will spread on your bread. Time to go to sleep. Almost there. Had a nice little nap. Thank you. Now we're having our snack. It's like a calzone. A vegetarian and a wheat and sparkling water. And it's almost home time. >> All right. Here we are. We are at Dutch Bros picking up Amanda an Americano. And I am also bringing her some deled eggs and cheese cuz I know she gets off the airplane the flight. She's going to be super hungry. But our cooler I couldn't find a little cooler. But I did find a Miles Gauntlet lunchbox and I have it filled with ice. It's got some devil eggs in there. It's got um some cheese in there and a sparkling water so that cuz you'll be always to hide her when you get on the flight. And there's our dog Cabo right there. And there's our son Miles. And we're going to go pick up Amanda. She's had a whirlwind trip. Excited to go see her. And we're picking up her an Americano because you know Amanda loves her americanos. There she is. Hi, babe. >> There she is. World Traveler. >> Oh my goodness. Here I am. >> Good in the case. >> You guys brought me a snack. I do not believe that. That flight was 11 hours. I think it was like 1050 or something, which is crazy long. You guys brought me all You brought me some of my favorite things. Sparkling water. >> Sparkling water, >> which I love. I drink every day. Cannot live without. >> Y >> doubled eggs, which I love. I eat all the time. >> And you did four cute baby build cheeses and you put each one in a corner. >> Yeah, >> that's the cutest thing I've ever seen. >> And a Dutch Bros. and a Dutch Bros, which I was absolutely craving. I'm not even kidding. >> And here we are. >> Home again. Home again. Jiggity jig. I loved having you guys spend these past few days with me. I felt like I just went on this epic adventure with all of you incredible people. It was so much fun. Jamie and I had a blast and now I'm home safe and sound. So fun. So amazing. so magical. And now I'm handing all of you back over to Chris. I don't think you should. It's almost like I like babysat for the weekend or something. >> I think people have spoken. They like your videos. I think we need to have a little more Amanda. We we're going to I'm going to talk to her and figure this out. >> We might we might also We don't know yet, but uh we might have Amanda and Jamie kind of talk a little bit about their experience. >> We have to decompress >> decompress just so you see that. It was so fun. It was such a whirlwind and then by the end we were just so tired we could not even decompress and just go over all the fun things. >> You did great things. >> What was your favorite part? >> The air doll. >> Oh, was that the favorite part? >> Yeah, that was enchanting. >> How be honest and don't don't Sometimes people like for cameras like but be honest like tell the truth. How devastated were you when that whipping cream dropped off the hot chocolate? >> Devastated. I have to go to therapy this week about it. I'm just I'm just getting my there. Oh, rest in peace, Whipped Cream. >> Rest in peace, Whipped Cream. All right. Okay. Uh we'll say goodbye. >> Well, I'm going to pass you guys back over to Chris. There you go. If you ever want me to babysit you guys again, I'll do it anytime. Anytime. >> See, I don't know you. It's so fun. It was such a fun thing. I loved watching the videos. I was like literally every day like what's what's the video going to be? So, okay. >> Oh my gosh, so fun. You guys are the best. Bye. Have a great day. >> Okay, everyone. I'm here with Jamie who accompanied me on this incredible whirlwind adventure to Disneyland Paris. It was so much fun. So, I thought we need a recap to regroup and decompress about our experience at Disneyland Paris and then also the brand new World of Frozen. So, what we're going to do is I have created some questions and we're doing a rapid fire questionnaire about our experience and Jamie is going to be answering these questions. Okay, Jamie, are you ready? >> I'm ready. >> Okay, she's here and she's ready. Here we go. The first questions are themed around the new world of Frozen. First word that came to mind when you saw Arendelle. >> Stunning. >> Just stuck out to me. I was like in shock, but it was just stunning. like the whole place. >> Okay, I love that. Uh, next question. Arendelle Castle or the village? Which stole the show? >> I personally liked the village. I loved the castle >> so much, but the village just made you feel like you were in it more, like you were in the actual town. And it was so colorful. Um, I don't know. It just it felt so just amazing to be there. And so trying to think of the right word, but um yeah, you were just like living there, like in it. >> Absolutely. I would say the same like the colors felt like you were really there. And I saw a comment and I don't remember who said it or where it was, but they designed the village completely after a real village in the um oh my gosh, where is it even supposed to be? Norway. The Nordic. Yes. In Norway. So You never been to? Yeah. It's like, have I ever been to Epcot before? >> Okay, next question. Oh, speaking of Epcot, this is the next question. Did it feel like Epcot or does this new land feel like something totally different? >> I feel like it felt totally different. I felt like when I was there, it felt like I was actually in like Arendelle, where in Epcot, I feel like you're just in like Norway, the whole country of Norway, which is great, too. But that felt like you were truly in like the movie Frozen versus just like the whole country or whatever. >> Perfect. Exactly. I feel the same. Okay. Did you like it better nighttime or daytime? >> Um, I liked it daytime. I I thought nighttime was really pretty and I loved it, but I just felt like I could like >> see all the like the colors and all of it more so in the day. I mean, it's so fun at night, but daytime stood I would like if I had to choose what time to visit, I'd probably choose more in the daytime to see all of it brighter. >> Yes. All the details pop in the daytime. >> Yes. >> All right. Your most Instagrammable spot in the world of Frozen. Where would you go to get the best pictures? >> So, like um there's a couple. I feel like I really I think the giant snowflake fountain is really cool if you can get at like the right angle. Um because you can have the village behind it too which is really pretty. Um or where we got a picture I thought was really cool where we got a whole view of it. We got the Arendelle like castle but we also got Elsa's you know ice castle palace whatever you call it up on the mountain as well. We got the whole view of it which was really cool too. So those are both two cool spots. >> Yes. Yeah. Love it. Now, we're moving on to general Disneyland Paris Park questions, and this can include the Walt Disney Studios, which is now Disney Adventure World, and then also the Disneyland Paris Park. >> I'm ready. >> All right, ready. >> Favorite ride. >> Favorite ride. That's so tough because there's a couple. Um, so I have I have to say a couple because it's so But I loved the Space Mountain. It's so fun. And if you haven't been on it before, it's such a fun surprise. like just >> so different than what you expect compared to the other parks which is really cool. >> And I also feel like that with Thunder Mountain because it's such a big >> I don't know. It's just so massive. It's so fun. Both of those are just truly amazing. I can't pick because I love them both so much. Um >> no, >> I don't know. They're just they're both I also I just I don't know. I just love Thunder Mountain. How it's like you go in you go in a dark tunnel and you literally have no idea where you're going and it's like bam. I don't know. It's just amazing. They're both >> Exactly. Exactly. And like we had talked about um they're the daddies of their attraction. Like they're the big daddies of of their attractions. Favorite food. >> My favorite food um I really liked the little mini crepes. Um, >> okay. >> I can't say it in French, but just the mini crepes that were over in Fantasy Land. But then I really liked the crepes that we got, but I think it was over in Adventure World. It was >> Oh, yeah. >> It was a little cart and they had crepes and I thought that was really good, too. >> Yeah, those were delicious. You had a Nutella one and I had the sugar one. Yeah, that was great. And then your favorite drink? >> Um, I loved all the hot chocolates that we had. My favorite one was that hazelnut chocolate that was right outside of World of Frozen. >> Yes. Yes, it's >> I guess technically it's right out of it, I believe, because we crossed over the bridge. >> I I can't I'm guessing I can't remember what it's called, though. I wish I remember what the food places are called, but that hazelnut hot chocolate I dream of now. It was so good. >> So good. That one was where I need to go have that one because that's where I had my popcorn lattes. >> Um the next was favorite merchandise that you saw. Um, oh, I know that's a tricky tricky one. I honestly I think the thing I love the most is all the fleece jackets that they have there. Um, because I don't feel like you see that as much at the other parks, but we were talking about how it's just so cold. It's really they need them. And it was just I love that there are some that like we had that were lined if you needed a heavier one or a lighter weight one. But it was fun to see. Um or just the classic that just said Dizzy on the back or ones that had Mickey or you know Donald or Minnie or Grumpy or whatever. It just was a variety. >> Yes, they're fleece. They have a lot of fleece and it's darling. Where did you buy You've got a Disneyland Paris sweater there. Where did you buy that? If people want to know where you got it from. >> Yes. I love it. It's really comfortable. I got it at World of Disney right outside. So in Disney Village. >> Oh, the Disney Village. Yes. But it's I also saw it in the emporium. >> Your um snow gy fleece was in World of Frozen. >> Yes. And I love that. >> And I did not see that anywhere else. I don't know if they'll sell Frozen merchandise outside. I think it was just there. Okay. >> I believe you're right. >> Perfect. You say the most beautiful area in the park is. >> I think my favorite is just the castle area over. >> That's I I can't It's my most favorite castle. I could literally just sit on a bench and just stare at it for hours >> because it's so pretty. I just feel like that's my favorite area, which I know is such a like probably classic answer, but it really just that that castle is so unique >> on a hill type. It just makes it stand taller. It just looks like powerful. I don't know. It just really so good. >> Yeah, it really is the best. No, I love the um description of it. So powerful. I love that. And then you go to cute little Disneyland and it's just like it's like a little baby. Okay. What would you choose between the castle fireworks or the Cascade of Lights water show? >> H they Oh, they were both really really good. They do a fantastic job with their nighttime shows, but I think I would choose um the Cascade one. Cascade of Lights. I thought I loved the music and like the theme like just the whole vibe of it was incredible the whole time. really. Um, I don't know. They did such a fantastic job. The drone show was so cool. >> Yeah. Like I said, the music, the I remember you saying like, I love the illustrations on it and it just everything about it was just so so cool. Like I left just feeling like, wow, like we can be heroes. Like this is amazing. >> I was like, I'm going to go out and save the day. >> Yes, exactly. That's how it makes you feel. >> It really was mind-blowing. How do the drones not get ex like blown up by the explosions? I'm so curious. So, if anyone can answer that for me to have drones flying around like fire and explosion and fireworks, >> it's just like my mind cannot even comprehend it. Okay. Do you like the park in the morning or night? >> Oh, there's like pros and cons to balls. Um, I like Oh, it's tricky because I like um mornings because I do feel like you can get more done in the mornings if you get there, you know, whether it's early entry or just right when the park opens. I feel like you can kind of hit things >> quicker. And I feel like I don't know how I'm at home too, like I'm more motivated in the morning like bam bam bam, let's do this. But nighttime just gives you that different vibe um too where it's dark but it's like all you know it's bright with the lights. So, I don't know. I if I had to choose, I feel like I don't know. I almost feel like morning. I like mornings. >> Yeah. Feel more chipper and ready to Yes. >> Yeah. face face the day. And the last question, which we actually you kind of already answered this one, but I want to end on it because it's my favorite attraction. There is their Big Thunder Mountain the best in the world. >> Oh, yes. >> Yes. Yes. >> It's just you can't even like you can't beat it. It's literally, it is so amazing. It's It's amazing in the day. It's amazing at night. It's whenever you can go on it. Just go on it. >> That's a good point. It's good day or night. And so, if you're able to do it either time is wonderful or do it both, you're going to have the best experience because it's the best attraction. >> We were talking about how like you get like a whole view of the park as you're going around and you just see everything. It's just such a cool experience. I don't know. >> It's phenomenal. It's a phenomenal attraction and it never gets old. Like it's just you could go on it over and over and over and love it every time. >> Oh, for sure. And it's one that doesn't like for those that get, you know, motion sick or anything like that. It doesn't do that. I don't know. Maybe someone is very sensitive, but it's not too crazy of a roller coaster and it's not like it's not too intense, but it's enough that it's like it is still the daddy of the Thunder Mountains. >> Exactly. Exactly. I love it. Well, thanks so much, Jamie. We love your incredible insight and I like agreed with every answer you said which was awesome. So now everyone say bye Jamie. >> Bye. >> I hope you enjoyed this whirlwind adventure. Yes, I hope you did. Now it's time for me to turn you back over to Chris. You're amazing. I'm talking to you. You are amazing. Yes, it is so true. Tell yourself I am so cool. Yes, you are so cool. Thanks, Patreon. We love you. We can't do these videos without
