---
video_id: pY9rbg6FRXo
channel: ProvostParkPass
title: "Jet Lag Is Brutal! BRUTAL Disneyland Paris Here I Come!"
published: 2026-03-12
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pY9rbg6FRXo
---
Good morning everybody. My name is Chris. You are watching Park Pass. I'm driving my car. It's super early in the morning, so I'm going to Dutch Bros to get a coffee for my wife and then I have got to pack and get ready to go because I am leaving to go to Paris. The reason I'm going to Paris is I'm going to Disneyland Paris. They have a brand new Arendelle opening up, a brand new land. And this is going to be a crazy experience. I have a lot to tell you about it. All right, just pulled up and get a drink here. So, this is kind of crazy what's going on in uh Disney Paris. They're having this whole new thing for uh Arendelle Frozen. Now, I was invited a couple years ago to the debut of Avengers Campus in Disney Paris and they had us do a media check in and then they just kind of let us go through the land and that was it. That is not the case with this one. This is great. They I have to I got to check in. I have to bring ID and then they have a schedule for me to go like I go to like the restaurants, I go to the ride, I go these things and I think there's only about a hundred of us and going to be in the land at this time and it's very rigorous and it's very scheduled like boom and it's like last for like 9 hours. So I am will show you top to bottom every single thing. Let me order the coffee. So, I ordered my wife a decaf americano because she likes that. And um we're going to get take it back. I got to pack and get ready to go to the airport. But yeah, I received this email and it was like I was surp I was wondering what I think is maybe they got some feedback on the Avengers Campus day opening because that was just kind of like a little just everybody go your own way and do what you got to do. This one is very rigid and uh so we'll see. But I don't I'm not complaining at all. I think it's just interesting that they're doing that. Okay, so I'm at the airport. The whole point I got up super early. The reason I did that is I thought, well, my flight leaves here at 3:00, it lands in Paris at 7:58 in the morning, which is technically midnight my time. So I was like, well, if I get up super early, I'm productive and I get myself really bit tired, then when I get on my flight to my flight, I'm going to fall asleep. And when I fall asleep, that way I land refreshed, ready to take on the day. Anyways, I got home from getting my wife a coffee and I laid back down and went to sleep. That plan went kaput. So, I have to show you this. I've got I'll be doing some Paris videos for you, Disney Paris videos, and then we'll do, of course, be doing this huge media preview of this brand new land here. This is going to be amazing. This is going to be a game changer for Disney Paris. Um, they're retheing their second gate. It's a whole new like it's going to be awesome. I am. I'm excited to be to I'm excited to have been invited. I'm excited to be able to show it to you. Let's get on our flight and head over to Paris. I'm flying this one solo. Um, how sad. Um, so they're doing a media preview and then uh and then a couple days later they're doing a family preview and Amanda and Miles were invited to the family preview, but uh we weren't able to make it with our schedules. So, I'm just going to do the media preview, which just makes me sad cuz I wish that they could have been here, but we're going to have a good time anyways, you and I. All right, we got a plane a 9h hour flight or so and then uh once we got the plane, the cool thing about Disney Paris is that there's a express train right from the airport that takes you right to Disney Paris. If you're at Uber, it's about 50 minute Uber ride. Train 10 minutes direct stop. Boom. Then I got to check in my hotel and then let's go play in the park together. All right, we're about ready to take off and go. I'm going to try to sleep as much as I can. We'll see how that works. >> Whole plan was getting up early so I could sleep a lot. Now I went back to bed. >> Okay, so I'm flying kind of by Greenland and Iceland, I guess, is right there. I got 3 hours and 14 more minutes to go. And I've slept a little bit on and off, but not a lot. I wanted to sleep the whole way and maybe slept for about two hours. So, my plan did not work to sleep enough. Well, my sleep plan utterly completely failed. I did not sleep very much. Landing. It's 8:00 in the morning and the worst thing I can do is go to sleep. So, I'm just going to push through. I'll go to Disneyland Paris today. take you with me and uh I catch a highspeed train take me to Dan Paris and from there I have a little bit of a walk to the hotel staying at the Dan Paris Cheyenne Hotel cowboy themede just landed outside just landed >> welcome to Paris where the local time is approximately 710 at that time please use caution when you open the We are getting off the plane and it's rainy and it's interesting cuz our flight got here an hour earlier than it's supposed to which is crazy. I was like what? Like we had good flying weather. So we got here an hour earlier which is nice. Now I got to board a plane. Good. Oh, it's raining. It's raining hard. Got to catch a bus. I'll take it to terminal terminal. Oh, it's freezing cold. There's our plane. Okay, we made it through customs. Actually, very fast this time. It was really nice. And I am heading to pick up my bag. I get them for my bag. We will catch a train, then take a train uh to Disneyland Paris. Once at Disneyland Paris, I was going to walk. It's like maybe a 20-minute walk to the hotel from the train station. So, if it's raining really hard, maybe I'll be able to take a bus or something. Figure that out. Guys, I'm here at the baggage claim. I can see my suitcase is already here. I love that. So, get my suitcase and then we are off to catch the train. For me, catch the train is always the most stressful part. Then once we've done that, then it's easy peasy. Here comes It's a blue suitcase. One of my There it is. I've got stickers from all over the places that I've kind of traveled around the world. There's there's a few on this side. Plenty more. All right, let's go find our train and be on our way. I'm a little tired, but I'm okay. All right, so I have to walk the train station about 10 minutes. It's not that big of a deal. If you ever travel to a foreign country um and you ever want to take like a Uber or taxi or something like that here in Paris for example, sometimes when you start walking towards the taxi stands like guys will come up to you like, "Hey, I have a taxi. I'm a taxi." Um don't take those guys. Go out to the proper line so you make sure you're getting a proper taxi taking you where you need to go. But now I got to walk down to the train station and I also have to find a bathroom. I have to pee and so got to do that. All right. So, here we are at the train area. Oh, there's bathrooms. I got to get a ticket for the train. That's what I have to do. So go down the lower level. I think at Universal Studios they call that a bio release facility. Anyways, I like to say this. I think you're always much flatter when your bladder is flatter. Okay, now I got to go buy a ticket. Get a ticket to the train. There's this train. It's a high-speed like bullet train. It goes right from the airport straight to Disney Paris and it's 10 minutes. So convenient and it's so fast. And it's like the you get on and then the first stop is Disney Paris. I literally just walked all the way around to catch this escalator and it's closed. walking this way. So, you just have to come to these little kiosks and then purchase your ticket. Where are kiosks? Wrong kiosk. This is This is a treats. All right, here we go. It's right over here. These little kiosks. And like if you're coming here, if you ever traveling, you can select everything in English. everything you need to do. I just select the English down there and now you get like buy a ticket. I want to leave now. All right. I bought my tickets. I'm going to this it doesn't say design Paris. It says like Marne La Valley Chessie. It's the first stop. It's a And I bought my ticket. I jump on and let's go. Let's go. This is always for me, this is always the most stressful part getting train getting train station and just like double-checking and triple checking like am I the right platform? Am I in the right am I right area? Always the most stressful part for me. The train's going to be here at 8:30. It's 11minute train ride. It'll drop me off at Paris and then that point I think I can take a shuttle to the Cheyenne Hotel which is where I'll be staying at. So, the ticket was $30 American dollars to take this train. 30. Uh Uber is going to be 70 or more. So, it's a little cheaper. Of course, you have a large group might be a little more expensive. But I think depending on what time of the day you go, it also be cheaper cuz I'm going at high traffic time early in the morning. Tickets seem to be a little bit higher. I think our train is coming right down here. We have 5 minutes to board and then it takes off and drops us. And the for us it's great cuz it's just one stop. Here comes the train. This is the bar car. I could sit in first class or second class. First class cost.7 more, but really for me it's just one stop, so it doesn't really matter. The door just closed. There we go. The door just closed. And I'm actually just sitting here on these little trendle seats. Mhm. Yeah. I paid extra 70 cents for first class, but I honestly don't know which cart or which seat is mine. So, I'm just sitting here by my suitcase. If you can see it, I actually don't mind being here because I'm the only one here. So, I don't feel bad about talking. But if you look out the window, you see that we've started to take off. We're going first couple times I ever came to uh Disney Paris, I didn't even know about the train. I don't know why. And I ended up taking an Uber. It was way more expensive. So, do you guys know what melatonin is? I'm assuming almost everybody knows what melatonin is. I'm probably the only person that didn't know. I came here, I think two years ago for the Adventures Campus premiere. And when I was coming here, I was worried about jet lag and everything. And my wife gave me some melatonin to take. Now, melatonin, which I found out later on, is you take it and it helps you, it makes you tired and helps you go to sleep. So, my wife Amanda gave to me, she's thinking at during the middle of night when you wake up because of jet lag that you take melatonin and sleep through the night. Well, I didn't know what melatonin was. Nobody told me. So, when I landed, I was super tired. I flew all the way over here. I didn't even know. I didn't sleep on a plane. I landed here 8:00 in the morning, like right now. I get to Disney Paris and I was like, and I was so tired. I was with my friend Rob and I was like, "Oh, I got something for that." So, I take this melatonin thinking it's going to pep me up. Oh, for the rest of the day, I was like dragging. I was like, it was like 12:30, like at lunchtime, and I was just like, "What?" Huh? Oh my gosh, I'm so tired. So, yeah. Don't make that mistake. Gading. Kading. And here it goes. Just we're going along the train. Look out this window. Little gloomy weather. Green fields. moving along the French country side. So, um, my thoughts on traveling to a foreign country, do you do I ever get nervous? Oh, of course get a little bit nervous. I think I think the thing that almost everybody's most nervous for like pick pockets or something like that. But if you're just smart about it and you keep your stuff in like tighter pockets or like zip up things like that so it's not easy to snatch, I've never had a problem. Um, as far as communication goes here at Disney Paris, everything's in English and French. English and French. So everything's in English. It's not a big deal. All the casters basically speak speak English as well. So it's it's not difficult at all. And uh and that's it. Yeah. Really. And there's always like a little bit of like a little nervous because we're in a foreign country. But then once you get here then you're like it is so fun. You're like why why am I doing why am I not doing this more? Okay, we have really picked up speed now. We are going. So my wife Amanda, she lived in China. She was a teacher there. And I, this was before we were married. And I went out to visit her. And when I did, I rode on, they have this in China, this mag left train. It's like the fastest train in the world. And I got to ride that train super fast. This one's not quite that fast. But still, this one is hauling. Just cuz I've taking the taking a car from the airport to Paris 50 minutes to an hour. This is 11 minutes. That's just crazy. Oh, I can feel the train slowing down. Looks like we're coming into our station. Okay, we came down here at train station. Oh, I think I have to turn around and go this way. It's not so bad. It is raining still pretty hard. You see the train tracks are wet from where the rain comes through the little holes in the ceiling. 8:41 in the morning, guys. That's what this clock says up here. Of course, it doesn't feel like that to me. Oh, you can see the water's really falling. Oh boy. See this train here? This engine connects to the other engine. It's always I find it so fascinating that they do that. So, this is going to be different. Whenever it does the pass, I just walk. Um, but it is raining really hard. I do know they have shuttles that take you to the different Disney shuttles, take you to the different hotels. So, that's what I'm going to try to figure out how to do that. Raining hard. Okay. So, there's a Let's Okay. Oh, it's raining hard. I think one of these buses will take me to to the hotel I'm staying at. So, I have to find a little board here that tells me where to go. It's raining and I don't know where to look. Oh, I think that's my bus all the way down there. I think it says Cheyenne. Oh, that's not what I wanted. Don't ever do that. I'm so sorry. I think that's my butts. Oh, I got to run. Bus is coming this way. I think it's the Cheyenne. Oh my gosh. Oh no. No. It's leaving. Oh, there it goes. Literally buses pulled up for the Cheyenne Hotel. They gave everybody a chance to get off and we'll get on. I think the whole bus got off. I'm the only one on the bus to take go to the hotel. Well, this will actually give me a moment to talk to you before we get to the hotel and show you the check-in process. And right now, I am talking to you specifically, anybody age 25 and younger. I'm really talking to you. Now, if you're an adult, you can obviously listen, but I am talking to anybody ages 25 and younger. It's okay to not be okay. Did you know that it's okay to not be okay? You don't have to be the most popular. You don't have to be the smartest. You don't have to be the most athletic or you don't have to be the most knowledgeable. You just have to be you. And if you struggle at times, that's okay. That's normal. Everybody does. You are fantastic and you make the world a better place. And I am talking to just you right now. So, just so you know that if you don't think you're okay, you're okay. All right. So, I'm staying at the Cheyenne Hotel. It's a value hotel. I've actually I've never stayed. This is the I've stayed at almost every Disney hotel here in Paris except for Cheyenne. I think there's another one called the Newport. I haven't stayed at those. So, it's my first time staying at Cheyenne. It's western themed and uh I'm taking I'm seeing how long it takes us to get there by bus. If I walk it, it's about maybe a 15 minute walk or so. That took 3 minutes. We're pulling in. Well, that took like 3 minutes by bus. That was no big deal. Um, so here I am at the Cheyenne Western Theme Hotel. I'm here so early in the morning. I'm going to check in. Obviously, my room will not be ready cuz I'm checking in so early. But I can drop off my suitcase. I get a little rain poncho. A look at this. This is great. This is perfect. Hotel Cheyenne. Starbucks is in the coffee house. That's amazing. I did bring a rain poncho, but I I think I forgot my umbrella. >> Let's walk into the lobby of the sh Oh, thank you. Check in. Check out. >> Check in. >> Okay, check in. >> This is the lobby here. The Cheyenne Hotel. Oh, this is cool. I like this. I like the theming. Reception. Reception. I like while you're waiting to check in. So I am here in Starbucks because um I have to um transfer I was taking all the my electronics. I carry my laptop and stuff like that on my backpack and I was but I don't want to carry that to the park. So I was moving all the stuff in my backpack into my suitcase and um and then also getting my rain jacket out. It's raining really hard. So got to get that. And then my barber um he I was I got a haircut yesterday and I was telling him about it. He's like, "Oh my god, this stuff." He's like, "This is like dietary supplement though." He goes, "This is for jet lag." And he's like, "These pills. You take them at night time to help you asleep and take pills during the day to kind of keep you awake." So I'll try that. We'll see if that helps with the jet lag a little bit. I'm also It's kind of It's raining so hard it's cold. So I love this sweatshirt that I have on. It's Estoing um theme park in uh the Netherlands, but the zipper broke on it. So, I have another uh hoodie that I absolutely love, but it's not very thick. So, I might wear this and then wear the finger over it. But my favorite villain. Hey, >> so get that on. Get off. But I can't stay warm because it gets cold. It's cold. And then I have to show you the map that they gave here cuz it's like the cutest map. And then also to this a little toothpaste package and children cuz to brush our teeth since I've been on the flight. Okay, let me show you this little cute thing from the hotel. Look at this. The Cheyenne Gazette. Fun for all ages. They have encounters for they have uh Woody and Jesse encounters every morning. Howdy cowboys and cowg girls. They've got the Chuck Wagon Cafe. We've got the Red Garder Saloon. We got Starbucks coffee. We have an outdoor playground. We got extra magic. We get in the park early. We got a general store. Kids corner. And then you flip it over and it's got some more things like they have like a apparently they have like um like a little scavenger hunt that you can do. Uh your your root and tootin room the perfect place to hit the hay about your room. And then this is the hotel and it's divided into little areas. And so this is the thing. This is where we're at right now. Each of the buildings you got Dono, Calamity Jane, Soaring Eagle, Butch Cassidy, Wild Bill Hickcock, Jesse James, Billy the Kid, Wyatt Herp, Annie Oakley, Sitting Bull, Doc Holiday, was it Coochis, Sundance, and Running Bear. And I love westerns, but one of my favorite characters is Doc Holiday. So, I'd like to be in the Doc Holiday uh one, but and then this is also kind of closer to um to walking out, but I'm I'm assuming because I want to be here the I'll probably get put over here a little bit longer walk. Maybe be put Calamity Jean. Who knows? I'm hoping to get Doc Holiday. I'd be happy actually with Sundance or uh Sitting Bull. Wyatt Herp. Where's Where's Butch C a Butch Cassidy? That's cool. All right. So, I'm going to take my suitcase. We're going to check it in the luggage check-in area. It's raining. I just check the weather. It's going to rain most of the day, which is crazy. My shoes are going to be wet for this whole trip. So, let's go do that and then maybe kind of walk around the lobby and order something from Starbucks. Okay. I got I got my luggage checked in. Um, it's raining so hard. Just trying to wait and see if maybe we'll slow down a little bit. I'm also going to see if they maybe have an umbrella for sale. You can see it's super crowded cuz everybody's waiting to go in the red garter saloon because that's where Jesse and Woody are. This is the Chuck Wagon Cafe restaurant. Let's just see what it looks like. This is the the buffet. Like you sit in the covered wagons. It's amazing. >> I'm going to go to the gift shop gift shop and go baby back to Starbucks. So they have these pins that come out every month here. And these are the different pins that come out this month. Get Minnie Mouse and Paris is in Paris. And these are ones come out in March. It's fun. They do have some rain jackets. out. It's always expensive cuz it's raining. Supply and demand. All right, so I ordered an iced caramel macchiato. I think that's my caramel macchiato he's making right there. >> Yeah. Oh, that looks so good. Please be mine. Please be mine. >> Yes. Okay, there it is. Looks really good. >> So, this is what my barber gave me. I'm going to try it. So, this is what you take during the daytime. >> I don't know what this is. >> Try it. Okay, here we go. I'll let you know. >> Okay, so it's I mean in the lobby it's standing room only. Every chair is taking cuz it's so cold outside. I have two sweatshirts and a rain seat and it's freezing and it's like oh my gosh, it's freezing. All right, I got my building. Calamity Jane. Remember I said they're going to probably put me in the farthest building away. They did. I'm now getting my suitcase. I'm exhausted. I'm so exhausted. Okay, we're walking here to the building. I'm in building Calamity Jane. And they they kind of have them all. They're really welllabeled. It's kind of cute. There's the Jesse James house. Oops. But I am out here. I think I'm by Donimo. I'm going to keep coming through here. First time staying at this hotel. I'm at the back side of buildings right now cuz I came through parking lots. I had to pick up my luggage. So, we're kind of seeing the back side of buildings. I'm going to cut through here so we can see the front of them. Guest house. Look at this cute theming. So, I did talk to some of my friends down here and they said that the Cheyenne Hotel that I'm staying at has one of the best buffets. They're like, and they say they come to those buffets a lot and they are some of the very best. So, that's exciting to know. I like the I do like the theming a lot. And if I remember correctly, when this first opened up, they had horse shows. Actual horses would come down. And they don't do that anymore, but they'd have horse riders come down these streets. That's the Jesse James building. Coming all the way down here. There's Bush Cassidy. I got obsessed with Butch Cassidy. I I saw a movie with Robert Redford and um Paul Newman called Butch Cassing Son as Kid and I loved that film so much. So I read all about him. Soaring Eagle Hotel. And this one straight ahead, Calamity Jane. That's where I'm staying at. Here we go. It's nice little gazebo right here in the center. We're going to walk right down here. I'll show you my room once I get to my room. I'm exhausted. I went to the park for a little bit. You'll see that in tomorrow's video. Um, but I am tired. It's been a very cold day, but now all of a sudden the sun's out and it feels good. I'm like, "Oh, now this course, of course." Now that I'm here, the sun comes out. Okay, here we go. 2 4 58. That doesn't make any sense. When I checked in, he's like, "You are on the first floor." But I think actually I'm on the second floor. Is that Let's walk up the stairs. Get upstairs. 2 4 5 8. Yes. There we go. Okay. Here we go. A little cowboys, the carpet. 2 4 5 8. There it is. Let's see the room. Now, these are European style hotel rooms, so they're a little bit smaller. That's the cutest little room you've ever seen. Oh, Woody, Bullseye, Jesse, look at this. And then that also pulls out. I think this pulls out down here to extend. Look at the bed. How cute is this little beneroo? Look at that mirror. And this is the bathroom. It's little single sink. And there's the the toilet. These are the buttons you push. This is for a large flush, smaller flush. Look at that mirror right there. And then this is your shower. Looks like you're showering in a barn. Got a tub down there. And that's how it works. So, you turn it on down there and you got the shower. I think it goes all the way up here for your shower. I shouldn't do a I'm just going to take a quick little nap. I'm so tired. Whoa. Okay. Well, I took a nap. It's now about 7 o'clock night at night time and I been going to edit this video and try to stay awake for a little bit, then go to sleep, try to sleep through the night and then you'll see you'll see the video of me being at Disneyland Paris today with our friends during the rain and then uh we do got some more Disneyland Paris videos and then we'll do the big huge giant media reveal of Arendelle's brand new land because it's going to be this is going to reshape this new park here they have here at Design Paris. Thank you guys so much for watching. Um, and I'll see you in the next video. Boy, was I tired. I woke up at 4 in the morning thinking that that would make me so tired for my flight that I would sleep and then it'd be all wideeyed and bushy tailed and all peppy when I got here. But it didn't work cuz I really didn't sleep on the plane. that he's got here. And then I was just super tired and and I'm tired and now I'm trying my best to get reaccamated. Thank you, Patreon. We love you guys. We couldn't do these videos without you. You're the very best.
