---
video_id: D9id3tCRMu0
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Christmas is Here at Universal Studios - Universal Orlando Resort - 11-24-25"
published: 2025-11-25
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9id3tCRMu0
---
[Music] Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live tonight at Universal Studios for all of the Christmas festivities. And we are waiting right now for the parade. And it starts in about 3 minutes, 5:30, and it'll come down here first. So, we'll get to see it really soon. So, welcome in, guys. Before uh we get too far in the video, I want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all of the social media or Resort TV1 on all the things. So, we're so excited. We're going to watch the parade. We're going to go in the brand new Christmas tribute store. I've not even been in there yet. was waiting for the stream. So, we're going to get you're going to get all our first reactions. Cannot wait. We're going to go see the Christmas tree and then we're going to go over to the island side to check out the Christmas um show on Hogwarts Castle. It's going to be a fun fun night. Can't wait. Hi, Peter. Hey, Tennessee Bear. Leslie M. Mara is here. Tracy, Cindy, Daniel, Noel, Iron Wolf, Shelby, Catalina, welcome in. Hey, Christopher Black, Benjamin, and um We have about two minutes. So, I am not alone. I have I bone right here and Sharon right here. So, it's going to be fun. And then later, we have Jesse Mouse joining. So, it's a girls night tonight and we're ready for all the festive fun. Yes. Can't wait. All right. Here we go. The days of Christmas and all a celebration is here. It's going to be great. [Music] Christmas. [Music] You're welcome, guys. Wow, look at all the people down here. The street is cracked down there, guys. [Music] Hey, Spider. [Music] We did miss you, Tim. We missed him. [Music] Oh, I see them. Here they come. All right, guys. Enjoy the parade. I love the music. So good. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] picture. [Music] Heat. This is [Music] heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Wow. [Music] Merry Christmas. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Bye-bye. [Music] Come on. [Music] Woo! Hey there. Hey. Hi. Hi. Hello. [Music] That's right. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] La. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Univers. Julian here princess. He's making a list and shy [Music] and naughty Santa Claus is coming. The body of God, my unfailing kingdom. Here I go. Shake it. Shake it. Shake it. Shake it. Shake it. Shake it. Shake it. Like [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Who's so frosty? Yeah. [Music] Delicious gummy. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] All that is have a Every time there's going to be champagne wishes and caviar trees from now on is my most favorite. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] 1 2 3 [Music] [Applause] I mean [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] of the year. [Music] It's the most wonderful time of the year with rabbits and steaks killing worm girls and rocks for my ear. It's the most delicious time of the year. [Music] It's the happiest season of all. [Music] This is going to be the best and [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Fire [Music] [Music] heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. No heat. [Music] Heat up [Music] here. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Heat up here. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] season's greetings to one and Oh, heat, [Music] heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] All right, guys. What a great parade. I love this music so much. Just get you in the Christmas spirit. So good. Um, and look at all these people. Holy moly. [Music] We're going to wait till they go, then we'll go on the street. But yeah, it's uh the front of the parade now is heading back in where it came from. Oh my goodness, you're going to get snow. Wow. Well, we had snow. The best is when you see snow with palm trees. That is my absolute favorite. And not real snow, of course. All right, you guys want to go check out the tribute store? All right, let's do it. Hi guys. Hope you enjoyed the parade. Pop the like button. Subscribe if you're new. I really like that parade. Enjoy the parade. Was it your first time seeing it? Oh, yay. Sharon loved it. It was her first time seeing it. If it was your first time seeing it on the stream, let us know what you think. I love the music so much. The music is so good. So good. All right, so here is a tribute store for Christmas holiday market. I love that it looks like a cabin. A wood cabin. We're going to go inside. Oh, look. Look in the window. I found a Tim. It's Tim. Tim, you're in the window. What are you doing, Tim? Earl, [Music] I found an Earl. Earl and a llama. Oh, awesome, Christopher. Oh, no worries. I hope you enjoyed it, though. You're welcome, Keyword. First time and loved it. That's awesome. Uh, I love the music as well. Awesome. I'm so glad. What's up, Tim? Hi, Karen. Long time no see. Tim says it's the wrong one. Wait, we got to see what's in these. Oh, I see a Hello Kitty right there. And is that Duffy? No, not Duffy. And then all the Grinch right here. All right. Oh, yeah. Bracken. I don't know if I will be, but maybe. I'd love to see you. You'll be there all week. That's so awesome. All right, let's go into the cabin. [Music] This is so cool already. So, it's like somebody's cabin where they're doing woodwork like Santa. Yeah, they're painting this one. Arms and legs. What? Arms and legs. Oh, of the nutcrackers. Oh, fun. scraps. Yeah, this is a Thank you so much, Susan. I appreciate that. Look at all these. Some of these look creepy, like they could be in an HHN house. Yeah, but look for tidbits and little things. Um Earl the squirrel. Yep, there's Earl. Earl, good eye. Um so yeah, we'll just keep looking. Oh, and there's a monkey. A lot of times they'll have like these or um sorry that's not a monkey. That's like the Yeti or um whatever it's here's a tribute to Oh, cool. in Jurassic Park. Fun. The next room looks like it's Harry Potter. Harry Potter. [Music] Oh, this is cool. I need an owl. I need an owl. It's not something you say every day. Uh, don't have it. No, I have him. You have the nippler? Yeah. Right here. This guy. Uh, Princess Kristen. Congrats on 25 months of Resort Hopper Silver. Hi, Jenna. Happy Monday. Happy Monday, Kristen. Thanks for being a member for 25 months. We really appreciate it. You see the northern lights up there. Isn't that cool? Oh, damn. That's so pretty. Isn't that fun? Tim says, "Happy Christmas." They've of course got all the Harry Potter ornaments and things that you could ever want. Christmas tree skirt. Hey ladies, how are you? Good. How are you? Hey, happy birthday. Thank you so much. 27th. 27th. No way. Happy birthday to your birthday all the time. A thank you. What's your name? Glenn. Nice to meet you, Glenn. Nice to meet you. Awesome. Well, happy birthday. Glenn is my wife and my daughter Sarah. Do you want to say hi or no? Want to say hi on the stream? We're live if you want. Yeah, I don't care. Yeah. Okay. All right. Hello. Hi everybody. And happy birthday to you. Thanksgiving. I love that. That's so cool. 27th. Are you gonna have turkey or cake or both? Both. I love that. Awesome. Well, thank you for watching. Yep. Enjoy your day. Enjoy your holiday. Thank you. You, too. I do love these. But these are like big enough for soup. They are. Hey, Adventure Annie. Or coffee. This is just perfect for coffee. Kelly coffee cup 100%. All right, we're heading into the Glistening Falls. This is just so pretty. I would love to add a cart. Add the cart. Oh, I spotted a Grinch. He's hanging out in the forest. Both is a must. I agree. Hi, Billy. I love how the tree Yes, that is cute. I didn't bring my wand. I forgot. But I owned it, so we're okay. I thought about bringing mine. She's going to protect us. Could always bring it. You never know. Oh, this is cute. It comes with a plate. That is very cute. And a mug. 27 on the 27th. Only happens one time a year. That's right, Tim. It's true. Only happens one time. Okay. Merry Christmas. Oh, look. They have a doggy one. Oh my goodness. That's so cute. That might be an add for I know they have a Max one, too, where you can dress them up like Max. I actually saw it at Macy's when I was there with mom. Oh, that is cute. That's what I say about the, you know, about the villains. I just did a 360 town center, two miles. All right, let's head to town center. Hi, Regina. Oh my goodness. This is cool. Look at the fountain. Wait, they actually have that Tim for sale, guys. Look, Tim, you're for sale and you're a snowman, Tim. $45. That's so cute. Okay, that's adorable. [Music] It feels like it's frozen in here, guys. That's what we said. I I agree. That nice list is so overrated. Yeah, it's true. Hey, Plymouth Rock. I do love these earrings. There's my ears. Hello, John. That's cute. Yeah, I almost got the Max ones. Yeah, I love the Max one. Hi, Teresa. Merry Christmas. This is cute. They did a great job. Looks like a costume. Do they have costumes? Looks like a frozen over fountain and I love it so much. Tim says, "I'm for sale." So, this is what Ivonne's talking about over here. I'll buy you, Tim. That's funny. So, we've got the um minion in their in their little boxer shorts. And then you can be all these different minions. We should buy Tim if we could borrow Tim's credit card. Oh, yeah. Tim will buy you if we can borrow your credit card. Here's the popcorn bucket this year. Isn't that adorable? Hey, Mr. Cruise Fever. Over here, we've got the llama gurg mine. And then, of course, Earl and his family. A Christmas Earl. That's cute. Isn't it the guys? Isn't it the cutest thing ever? Phone wallet, chapstick. That's it. Tim's credit card. It'll fit Tim's credit card. Tim's credit card. Yeah, of course. A really small wallet. Yeah. Down to just the bare necessities. Oh, these are so retro and I love it so much. Oh, we haven't looked at the Hello Kitty stuff. Let's have I love Hello Kitty. Reversible plushies. Mystery. You guys know I'm a sucker for a mystery pack. You got mugs and a calendar countdown. I love that they have pink garland above Hello Kitty stuffing. Hi, Emma. No worries. Oh my goodness. Look, Ivonne. Look, it's it's a snowman. Hello Kitty. Oh, darn it, Tim. Hello Kitty. Isn't that cute? That is cute. She's a snowman. I mean, a snow kitty. Oh, is this a Is this a one of your guessing things? Uh-huh. A mystery box. A mystery box. I want my Melody. She's my favorite. That one. This one. Oh, look. They're presents and then they turn into characters. Oh, cute. Hi, Louisa. Reversible plushies. I know. Isn't that cute? How much? Too many monies. 20. That's not bad. That is cute. All year. I want this for my front yard. Dale, I want this. I also love one of these on a styrofoam. Oh, there you go. Mhm. I also want that backpack. Yeah, the backpack. Is it a pen set? I might need that. Add to cart. Wait, how much is it? Too many. 12 collectible pens. Too many monies. Oo, $74 pens. Yeah, but they're pens. Isn't that cool? You get 12 pens. That's not bad for the 12 days that many is like a Yeah. 12 days of Christmas. Yeah. Hi, Snow Kitty. Yeah, there's the mug. And then I love this right here. It's so cute. And it's not a Loungefly. It's just a universal bag. $75. A little bigger than last. Slightly bigger. And a little um lighter. Yes, I do like these lighter weight ones. Me, too. But I do need her eventually. She's a shoulder pal. Yeah. Oh, a shoulder pal. I'm going to add her to cart soon, but not yet. Okay. Wow, that's pretty heavy. I want all the things. Look at these earrings. They have a lot of things that we need. Mhm. I like that. It is for kids, but you know what? They probably have one that would fit you. Is that a um hair band? Okay, that's adorable. Oh, it is. It's like a hair clip with a You know, you don't think Oh, Mom. Mom Rimple says, "I don't think Tim would mind if you use this card." Thanks, Mom Rimple. Oh, look, Ivonne. It's your antlers. Yes, we were just looking at all these. Cute. I got this one at home. We like how I like that one. Pretty. Wow. In your face that they are. We got these here one year, but they don't have them this year. We love them. Oh, here. I didn't even show you. Like these. Let me show you. And they're lightweight. See, we got these one year. They're cute. We were in the tribute store one year and we're like, "Yep, we need those." Add to cart. Oh, look at all the gingerbreads. Adorable. Gingerbread. I'm a fan. All right, we're going into Earl and Gurg's Nutcracker Lodge and Emporium and Museum and Car Wash. Do you see this? Lodge and Emporium and museum and car wash. All the things. Oh, this is cute. Oh my goodness. This is like Christmas threw up. I love it. I bought that and I had Earl sign it last year. Oh wow. Oh, I want that. Really cute. Hi Olivia. Oh, happy birthday. Oh Braxton. Happy birthday Braxton. A little tiny thing on the back. Hey Mr. Young dude. It's the llama. I love it. La llama. Oh my word. These are a magazine. Look at the fireplace. Wow, that's cool. [Music] I know. There's Ivon's shirt. What is that? That's cute. Is it a mystery? Oh, no. Hot chocolate drink bomb. Oh, that's neat. Hot cocoa. Those are fun. Those are fun. Also, I'm really liking it. Yeah, that's cute because it's What's the back? Long sleeve, but it's lightweight. It is lightweight. Let's see. Oh, do you need help? First of all, it's really hot. A That's cute. Tim says, "I need some Earl shirts." You do, Tim. It looks like Christmas grew up. I love it. Oh my word. Look at that guy. It Oh my word. Wait. Is that like a sea serpent? Nutcracker. I like the That's what it looks like to me. Hi, Bryce. I don't know. Look at his teeth. dragon. Oh, or an iguana. Oh, wait. It has It has I think it's an iguana things. Yeah. Oh, no. What happened to these guys? He lost his head. Oh, is that a minion? No, it's not. I thought I heard a minion up there. It was probably Earl. There is so much to look at. Oh my word. Wait, you go here, please. So, this is where you stand here. We need your Yes, we need everybody take a screenshot here. Is this where I go? Uh-huh. That's where you go. You go here. Uh-oh. This one's falling. Oh, it sure is. Says fuzzy. They have jobs. They have jobs. Look, ma. No gravity. Oh my word. Is that supposed to be from Wicked? Cute. Okay. I could come in here and just look and look and you'd see new things. Cool beans. It says I use that. Yeah, there's a lot to look at. The gummy bear did look a little microwaved. Yes. [Music] That looks like um Jesse's favorite Gil. Oh yeah, that Gilman. Oh yeah, doesn't it? Little tribute to Gil. Yeah. Sorry. Little Gil. Yeah. Mhm. Creature. Creature. Uhoh. [Music] Danger. Closet full. Wait, this is a closet. Oh my word. I know, Tim. I cannot wait for Marty girl. Get back. One of each. One of each. All right. What do we have here? Red velvet whoopy pie. Pistachio macaron. Sugar cookie sandwich. Oh, there's my gingerbread cookie. I'm going to need that. What is that? Trifle cake. M. Then we have this one. Chocolate peppermint chocolate cookie sandwich. Look at the max. What is it? A cupcake. Oh, yum. Peanut butter. Peppermint macaron. Gingerbread macaron. Add to cart. One of each. She also needs this. Oh, she does. He's cute. Hey, Andy. Hi, Andy. Andy's here. Hello, Andy. We have all the um spirit jerseys for all the different things. We've got Back to the Future. Wow, this is pretty heavy duty. Weirdly thick. Yeah, it is. We have Jaws. It feels like We have Shrek. Look at this one. And then we have this one. I think Jesse needs your Jesse needs this. Oh, wow. She loves a Universal monster. She does. Add to cart for her. Add to cart. Use Tim's credit card. Silent Fright. Silent Fright. Yep. That is so cool. [Music] And then we've got the Hello Kitty one. Wait, what is this? World's smallest nutcracker. Where is it? Oh my. You can see it looking. Okay. Oh my word. Look at that, guys. Yep. That's pretty little. That's See, it says neat. Neat. I agree. It's neat. Wow. Ow. Oh, he looks like something happened to him. He's got red eyes. Caution, do not speak their name. Positively no holiday song singing. Shh. It is sleeping. Warming. Probably should not open. He looks possessed. Tim's going to get the jaws. Okay, cool. Tim, Arbor Day sales just around the corner. Look at all the Earl pictures. These are just amazing. [Music] Then I could squirrel wallpaper. [Music] All right. So should we when Jesse comes, maybe we'll come back and pick out a treat. How about that? Yes. She's in security. Oh, cool. Oh, yay. Look at the Oh, look. He's in Darkmore. No way. You see that? Is it epic in dark? Good job, Earl. I love that. That's right, Tim. Correct. What's over here? [Music] Man, he visited a lot of places. Hi, Brendan. Oh, look. He went to Germany. I've been there. That's Roenberg. Is that the Burning Blade Tavern? I can't see. Yeah, Tavern. It's Frankenstein. Look, I just noticed he's a nutcracker. That's our house. It's pretty cool. All right, guys. The end of the parade is happening. And then we've got this cute little trailer right outside Earl's Tree Farm. Come and visit Earl and Gerg's Nutcracker Lodge and Emporium Museum in Car Wash. I love that they decorated it up here. Oh, we already saw the parade, so you can rewind and watch. I know. Earl and Bucky should be friends. I agree. I do like the Yeah, those are pretty. Yeah. Oh, thank you, Catalina. All right. Well, looks like the parade is about to end. It's not done yet. As soon as it ends, we'll head that way. [Music] Actually, let's go back this way cuz we can wait for Jesse. Yeah. We were talking about how impressive the balloon handlers were. Yeah. Including the person directing the balloon handlers who had to walk backwards. Yes. No, they did a great job. Very impressive. So, thanks for joining us tonight for Magical Monday here at Universal Studios. We don't usually go live in the evening time um on Mondays, but uh it worked out today. And you know, we wanted to come check out all the holiday festivities here at Universal. [Music] Earl and Bucky verse Chip andale. I love that. That would be cute. They also have a lot of uh Wicked merch and things going on right now because, you know, the movie just came out last week. Actually went into the AP store before the parade and got a Wicked shirt for $5.30. It was wicked. Holly Jolly Christmas. We could go into the main shop as we wait on Jesse. And then we'll head on back and check out the um Christmas tree and the rest of the uh decorations. So many things to check out. Yeah, Tim, it's regular old Mel's. It's not Mel's dying anymore. That is a wicked deal. And Mara says, "Yes, wicked good." Here's the wicked tribute store or the Rick wicked store, I guess. [Music] Wasn't there a Loungefly in there, Ivonne, that we really liked? We saw it one HHN. It was like Glenda's and it looked like it had a bubble that she was like, it looked We'll have to go in. It was very pretty. [Music] Hi, Lori. Happy Thanksgiving. Do you know if you still have the 40th Back to the Future Zip hoodie? Oh, I'm not sure. If I see it, I'll let you know. You went to Universal in Orlando, Florida with my family. Nice. [Music] All right, let's go in the main shop and we'll show you some more of the Christmas merch. I love the windows. We got Hello Kitty, Minions, Grinch, Jurassic Park, and Harry Potter. So fun. This is so different than when we were here streaming last for HHN. I do miss it. I'm not going to lie. I think I've said this before. Yeah, I haven't been here since. Yeah, I don't. Well, I have once, but they still had some stuff up. This is cute. Mary Grunt. Oh, it matches your headband. You kind of need it. Does. Mhm. That might be an add to cart. Tim says, "I could use a wicked shirt." Yeah, everybody needs a wicked shirt, Tim. Yeah, exactly. Look at the mug. That's so cute. $23. I still want this. I don't know what I do with it, but it is so cute. It's $45. Let's get Mary. Mary and Bright. Look at the Jurassic Park one. These crack me up so much. Do you need all the Grinch merch? Here's the back. Jingle roar. Shelby, she's doing okay. Thanks for asking. Tim says, "I'm everywhere." You are everywhere, Tim. I don't know how you do it. I know. Yeah, that is a cute shirt. Oh, here's more Earl over here. This is the one I've bought. I love this shirt. We have this ornament. A hat. This smells good. I can smell it from here. Oh my goodness, that smells amazing. What is it? It smells a little bit like coconut. Cookies. Weird. Like what? To me, it smells like coconut. Oh, what do you think? I thought it smelled cookies. I don't know. Smells like cookies to me. Scented candle. Yes, it is scented. I know. It doesn't tell you what it is. I don't know. Either way, I like it. Hey, Hersel Margie. And get a sugar cookie. Sugar. It smells very cookie like. Yeah. To me. This one. And then here's the back. Oh, this is cute. I wish this was on the front. You want the girl the green Earl shirt? You want the girl Earl shirt? Tim said he wanted that the green shirt that you Earl shirt that you have on. And I said, "You want the girl Earl shirt?" I meant green. So, this is the back. If it were the front, I would like it. Oh, it's the back. That's cute. It is cute. I like that. Just wear it backwards. Okay, there you go. Perfect. I do like this one, too, though. Yeah. Oh, it's chocolate. I know. I I got excited, too. I was like, "Hello, we got a mystery." That looks Earl the Squirrel. Next year, Universal. I don't you probably don't listen to us on our live streams, but if you do, I need an Earl the Squirrel um bag charm. Like this one here. Can I show yours? Yes. Um I bought this one, too. Well, Max, I haven't seen him in here, so I'm glad we got him out, too. In Citywalk, but we need one of Earl. Yep. Toothless. They could come up with an Earl mystery box. Hey, David, how are you? Backpack charm. Like different. Uhhuh. I love this plan. And also, I like this a lot. I love that. And I love the sweater. Deck the Great Hall. Yeah, the sweater. You only It's getting sweaters in Florida is tough cuz you're only going to wear them for a certain amount of time. We'll need them eventually. Just not yet. Not yet. Oh, here's the Hogwarts Christmas spirit jersey. Happy Christmas, it says. I do like this a lot. Got reservations for Disneyland for December 2nd. Awesome. [Music] The colors are interesting. I love it. I love it. It is pretty, but but definitely different. It's different color scheme for Harry Potter. David says, "I just bought a Michael Bubé Christmas CD and I love it." Are you pulling our leg? And then now your next one is the InSync Christmas album. I don't know. He might be pulling our leg. If you are not pulling our leg, I'm glad you like it. But if you are boo. [Music] Hey Britney, how are you today? All right. [Music] Let's go. Let's see what else we can find. Here's the Earl sweatshirt. [Music] Oh, cool. Hello, Benjamin. How to Train Your Dragon is so fun, isn't it? They have Hiccup and Toothless over here. I do really like this, too. Hey, Stacy Rogers. Hi, Jesse Mouse. How are you? I wasn't stopping you. Not at all. I love the shirt and the ear. So cute. We kind of were stalling up here waiting on you cuz we knew you were coming. Oh, thank you. I appreciate it. And I lost the other two. Literally, I don't know where they went. They're like, "Well, Jesse's here. We'll go." Just kidding. Just kidding. Jenna's taking care of. We're going to go ride stuff. There they are. Here. Go behind me and then pop out and say, "Boo." Hello. Surprise. Yes. Isn't it cute? Hello. Hello. Jenna got it. We're glad you made it. Yes. Last year they had those. Yeah. I forgot about that. I'm glad you wore it. I forgot about the ear since I saw. Oh, I was like, "Oh, yeah." Yeah. I like that. Perfect. All right, we're all here. We can go Monday. Also, I sent a Christmas card to John Stamos. Okay, you are pulling my leg, David. All right, let's go check out the Christmas trees and then we're going to go get treats. It's weird not going in here and hear. We were just saying the same thing. I said that's the last time I was here. We were like cuz normally when you cross that street there were chainsaws and gargoyles and Andy says, "Hi Jessie Mouse. Merry Christmas. I want to wish you a merry Christmas. The girl gang is back together. That's right. Wait, Britney, is today your birthday? I've been pulling out the hoodies for the evening, but shorts during the day. Yeah, you need your shorts during the day, hoodies at night. It is true. All right, guys. Are you ready? It's ladies night. Oh, what a night. I missed the next time. Next time. All right, here we go. [Music] Should we go in the wicked store before we go back there? Sure. Okay. To the wicked store. It's going to be wicked good. And they have wicked food over here. [Music] Sorry. It's okay. Those look yummy. [Music] I have to go. Thank you, Adventures. How are you today? Welcome in. Happy birthday, Britney. Who has seen the new Wicked movie? Let me know. [Music] Guys, we're on the yellow brick road. Let's follow it. Okay. I like that they actually have a couple stuff. Yes, things have. It's good to see me, isn't it? Right. Also, I want this so bad. So pretty, isn't it? Um, that's my tiara I want. Mhm. And these shoes. Yeah. Ariana Grande is those shoes look I don't think they're hers, right? Or do you think they're huge? Maybe she has Well, she is tall. She's 51. Never mind. She's not tall. Just kidding. So, she just has big feet, I guess. Maybe she she was made to look tall in the movie. Probably all the heels. Yeah, a lot of actresses are really tall. Here we go. How much are you? I cannot even get this with one hand. It's so 35. Okay, that's not as much as I thought it would be. That's not bad. Ariana Grande is teeny tiny. Oh, she is teeny tiny. Really tiny. I thought she was taller than she was. I knew she was skinny. She looks to be a reg. 51. Okay. And you're what? 51. Okay. So, she's Jesse's size. And how? Wait, are you 512? I'm exactly 5 foot. Oh, you're one You're one taller. [Music] I'm a lot more of that. 5'8. I'm pretty tall. I know. I want to see the new one so bad. Jesse M saw it. [Music] We want to go. I bought a shirt today for Wicked. Did you? $5 in the AP store. $5.33. That must be because when I went um after the movie, we came in here really quick. Inches. That's right, David. Inches. It was like the back side of It was very picked over. All they had was like Harry Potter. Yeah. But only like two of the houses. You're short, too. Gotcha. Are these some of the new stuff from the Wow. This is the wizard of Oz. [Music] Madam Morble. Wow. Madam, gorgeous. And that's Fier. Fiero wedding suit. Gorgeous. [Music] Oh, spoiler alert. No, I'm just kidding. [Music] Oh, no. [Music] This is really pretty. I like that one a lot. Oh my goodness. Maybe I'm just a theater nerd, but I didn't care for the movie as much as a musical. But then again, I'm strange. I was the other way around. Okay. I don't I It's been so long since I've seen a musical. I loved it. It was amazing. Oh my god. But um I like the first movie, too. Ariana Grande is 52, not 51. Okay, thanks Jaylen. We're close. She's little. She's a little. Yes. So, okay. There you go. Wait, you're 52. You're five. 51. 52. You guys are stepping stones. And then we go all the way up. This is cute. I'm sure it's not microwave safe. Probably. Do you know why the slippers that Dorothy gets in Wicked are silver, not ruby red? Because in the book they were silver, but when they filmed Wizard of Oz, silver didn't show well on the screen. I didn't know that. Okay, thanks Stacy. The more we know. [Music] This is so pretty. You loved wicked. [Music] But we don't need a Wicked Land. You don't want a Wicked Land. I think that would be cool. Me too, Britney. Disney did used to do a lot of this with their movies. That's true. I remember um Anneia won one time. I remember Pirates of the Caribbean when that whole franchise came out. I can't remember a lot more, but that was definitely one. Oh, they have the log bag. No way. What? Uhoh. They have the lug bag. That's cool. Oh, is that a lug? Did you see that? Uhhuh. Yeah, they have a whole collab going on. I know. Ain't that pretty? That's really pretty. I didn't know they had it here. That's pretty good size. $65. A little more space than the little tiny Oh, look. They have these to go with your lug bag. Mhm. Oh, you have choices. Wait, do they straps? There's another one down here. Do they have the Glenda one? Wait, there's more. Hang on. There was I don't see it. It must have sold out of the Yeah, there was a a Glenda and an Alphaba. You can probably get them online. Yeah, these are pretty website. Also, they sell their wicket stuff on QVC online. The Narnia one, Lion Witch in the Wardrobe. Oh, yeah. I remember that. That was so good. Do you remember when Disney used to do things like this? They had one for Lion, the Witch in the Wardrobe. Yeah. And you would walk in and it was like, "Wow, I forgot." It would be cool if they did that with some of their new movies. That one's pretty kind of back kind of almost where Toy Story Land is now. Pirates of the Caribbean when the new one came out with Johnny Depp. I forgot about that. All right, let's go see what else they can buy. You're the only friend I ever had. Oh my goodness. This is cool. Guys, let's go in the bubble. Oh my word. Okay, we're in Glenda's bubble. Oh, this is cool. There's an echo. I feel like I can't put my head in here, but I can. Okay, that's cool. Ain't that cool? Wait, here. Get me from that side. That's really cool. Right. Yes. Oh my gosh. That's so cool. That is so fun. Do you want to stand in the bubble? No, I'm okay. That is so cool. That's amazing. Uhhuh. That's new, guys. I stood in the bubble. Oh, it is squishy in here. I didn't. No, here's that bag. Where? Oh, yeah. Oh, the Loungefly is gorgeous. I also love this, but it's a little pricey for what it is. $70. Oh, yeah. There it is. Cute, right? This is cute. pearl or something. Yeah. Did you see the wallet? It's huge. Wow. It is huge. It's pretty though. See, it's really big. I love it. Like, see how Oh, that's so cool. And the zipper. It's a good size. I love that, too. Oh, this is so I love it. How much is the Loungefly? I'd guess 90. 90. Is it 90? I guess. Right. Well, it's 45. Oh, that's not bad. Okay. [Music] Oh, I love that shirt. Shirt is adorable. [Music] That is pretty. Look at this. I love that. How much is it? Can you see? 40. Okay, get out of here. Squishy. All right, I can't even move. Sorry. Sorry. It's really squishy. Thanks. Okay, I can breathe now. Got you. Thanks. All right. Oh, that is cool. I like the ombre. That is cool. What's the front look like? Oh, okay. Okay. Nice. 85. I love the plushies. [Music] Hey, Kit. Thank you so much. What's the game? Wicked the game. Oh, chess. Oh, it's chess. Okay. Oh, that's so fun. That is cool. Love that. Amazing. Okay. Wow, look at that shiny jacket. Oh, hi. We had to get out of that squishiness. Oh, they have a Dorothy dress, too. Is that supposed to be the scarecrow? Looks like it. Maybe. I don't know. Probably. Yeah, I hope. Right. Oh, that's cool. The sweatshirt is a spoiler. Lol. Oh, no. I don't like spoilers. It was a spoiler. I don't know. Well, now I want to go look at it again. Don't do it. This is pretty, too. Um, the one we just showed over there. The What are those called? Spirit jerseys. You love what? I love that they paired that silver shirt with I know. I love this shirt so much. I might need that. But then I need the tiara, the whole thing. I went to I went she covered my eyes. No, Sharon. No. Look. I still want to see it. No, Sharon. No. So, I take it that I've seen I've seen the Broadway show. I've seen the Broadway show. So, the movie must take it farther. I don't know. I don't know. Did you get the new passholder button? No. We need to go get our passholder button. Uh, I think it's Grinch. Can we right? I think I think during HHN it's um Let's go look. It's at the Today or not the Today, uh, Jimmy Fallon shop. Yeah, this store would be dangerous for my wallet. Britney says, I get it. Absolutely. We I wanted the lug. I wanted the lounge. I wanted that shirt. And I wanted the tiara. Do I need any of it? No. Did I get any? No. I was good. I bought a $5 shirt. Oh, and Max the keychain. [Music] Guys, look how pretty it is out here. I love it. Yeah, they obviously love Yes. Look out for the curbs. [Music] Thanks for joining us. Definitely check out all of our awesome sponsors. Links are down below in the description of the video. We've got mickeyras.com. mickeyras.com. So, if you guys want to book your trip to uh Walt Disney World, go check out mickeytras.com. They will help you book your trip. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself, okay? But they help you plan for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, book it with mickeyras.com. [Music] This year is the 99th year of the Macy's Christmas party. 99? Are you kidding me right now? Holy moly. And it's on my birthday this year. Next year it will not be. That's really cool. Next year is going to be insane down there then. [Music] All right, let's go see a Christmas tree. [Music] I love the drop lights over here. Those are pretty. But we're going to turn left to go down that way towards the Christmas stuff. Oh, got to go to New York Street to see the Christmas tree. [Music] Thanks for almost 500 likes. Keep bopping the like button. Share out the stream. I guess let's cut through Mel's. Look, guys, it's Mel's now. Back to Mel's. Wow. [Music] And I know they have a a Gingi from Shrek cookie over in DreamWorks Land. It looks just like Genji. Yeah. And that's where Earl met last year. I don't know if that's where he's meeting this year. [Music] Okay. There's no curb. We're okay. Okay. It feels less busy now that the parade's over. I like it a little calmer. Hi Tracy. Let us know in the comments. Have you guys started decorating for Christmas yet? Have you put your tree up yet? We've all put things up, but not our tree yet. I'm hoping to maybe do that tomorrow. We'll see. The tree is out. I just haven't put it up or put anything on it yet. We were waiting for one thing. We're going to get um instead of putting a tree skirt, we're going to do the tree collar or whatever those things are called. Just so it's safer for Chloe since she can't see. You decorate on Black Friday. Good call. I used to do that until I moved to Florida and I was like, I'm decorating early. I'm only eating turkey for Jenna's birthday this year. Next year I'll have leftovers. Sounds good, Tim. And go shopping. Black Friday is my birthday next year. Oh, dear Lord. That's dangerous. It is dangerous. All decorating, done, shopping, and gifts wrap. Oh my goodness. You are ahead of the game. Wow. It's all decorated down here. Let's go that way. So excited. Nope. Decorated for Thanksgiving. Christmas decor is going up on Black Friday. Gotcha. All right, let's go this way. And a jingle feet. That's a jingle bell rock. [Music] Was it Transformers? Oh, they're playing different music down here. Look how pretty this gives me Osborne feels. I mean, Osborne had way more lights, but this gives me a little Osborne feel right now. You're still working on grabbing Christmas presents. I haven't bought a single Christmas present yet. We get through all the birthdays and then we start with the Christmas. Your fall decor is still up. We have one tree up. Tim has to put the Montreal around it. Tim, you have one job. Just kidding. [Music] Starflake. Yep. Starflake. The Starflake. I like Starflake. You know what would be hilarious? Do you know um what's his face? The clown. What's his face? The clown. Uh ours. If he was still roaming around in Santa outfit. Oh my goodness. That would be It made me think of it cuz you and I saw him in this restaurant. Remember? Yeah. On Halloween. On Halloween. And he No, he was in his regular outfit, but he was just roaming around in that restaurant. Uh-huh. Yeah, Tim, it does seem like they added more lights. I agree. [Music] And here's the tree, you guys. This tree is massive. Look how pretty. Okay, we'll be at the tree. We have to look for Earl. He's in the tree somewhere. [Music] You got all your mom's gifts wrapped. Good job. [Music] Is this for King and Country? If so, it's Dale's favorite. It is dancing to the lights. Yay. Huh? We saw that live, too. Oh, yeah. For King and Country. So good. And they played this song and confused everybody in July. It was amazing. So good. All right, guys. Let's look for Earl. Last year, he was around this area. Um, he was around this area right here. Oh, yeah. I think he might be right. Like right here. [Music] Oh, there's a little hole there. Yeah, there's It could be right there. See what you're seeing? Uh-huh. Right. here, but I'm not sure, guys. He only comes out every once in a while. Happy holiday. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. This is in sync. I think we do one with all your kids and then one with me and Brett. Also, go check out resorttv1homes.com. resort res resortv1homes.com brokered by exp realy. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Even if you guys aren't ready to move quite yet, go ahead over there and get the process started with resort tv1homes.com. It's a little photo op. [Music] Isn't that cute? I like that. Super cute. Um, okay. [Music] Well, wonder how often it dances to the lights. I mean to the music. Looks like the Chester cat is smiling on us down here at Universal. [Music] We'll wait for them to come and then we'll go see if we can get our buttons [Music] and then we got to go to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter cuz they always have that nicely decorated for Christmas. It is Josh's photo op. Yes, he does have Coca-Cola. So does Kelly. It's Coke. It's Coke. Coke. Coca-Cola. It's Coca-Cola. Yeah, he does. He loves it. He just needs a cookie in his hand. Yep. He's all good to go. Guys, bop up the like button. We're getting close to 500. If you have not already bopped it, all you have to do is close out of the chat, find the thumbs up, and bop it. Can only bop it once, cuz if you bop it twice, it takes it away. So, let's do a rapid fire bop. Are you guys ready? Set. The like button and subscribe if you're new. Good evening, John. Boo. We're going to go see if we can get our uh annual annual passholder buttons. Yes, let's do that. Our annual buttons. I don't know if they're available now, but we'll go see. I know because didn't they just start leaving them out Friday was Friday and they're supposed to be the Grinch. [Music] Hi, John. Did you find Earl? We did. Um Ivonne found him. Good job. He's kind of hard to find. [Music] Uh, he is right around that gold ornament right down towards the bottom. I see him. Yep. He's right there. He Hi, Earl. He's going back in right now. He sure is. Okay. Oh, that's so cute. Ain't that fun? He's always chewing on the lights. [Music] Sharon likes the photo bombs. That's my special talent. [Music] Oh, these lights aren't working either, [Music] guys. too. If you don't know, we have a nice ambiance video that Dale put up last year um on our channel, Resort TV1. And um it is uh let me see if I can find it. Hang on, guys. It's really fun. He put snow with a bunch of awesome photos that he took. Um again, this is from last year, but you can still watch it. It's up on the channel. Disney Christmas 4p park ambiance right on Resort TV 1. It's great. He Dale took takes some amazing pictures and he again put snow with all the pictures and music so you can listen and watch that uh during your Christmas decorating and maybe while you're wrapping presents or you know just sitting at home enjoying the Christmas tree or baking all sorts of things you can do that. Um yeah if one of the moppers wants to um there it goes away. I know, right? Want to post a link for that? That would be awesome. Oh, there we go. Thanks, Leslie. Jesus. [Music] Praise God. [Music] Oh, yay. All right, this is the one we get. Let's go get them. Yay. Let's go get some Grinch buttons. All right. So, all you have to do, you have to be an annual passholder to get these and they scan your pass and then you get it. It's free. They do these every once in a while. Not every month, but every once in a while, they'll do this. Hi. Good. How are you? Can I have my button, please? [Music] Thank you. Yay. He's so cute. You miss the cheese stick booth. I know. Me too, Tim. I miss all the HHN stuff. I'm not going to lie. Yay. You got one finally. Jesse was missing all of them. Right. The last The last one I got was the um AJ Gen one. The No, I didn't even get that one. I got the Oh my gosh. I didn't have enough Mario. Nope. Didn't even get that one. The The My god. In Epic. The windmill. The the the dark universe. The spinny thing. Spinny thing. The fire spinny thing. The fire. Jesse goes, "The last one I got was the the the the fire spinny thing. Epic. Yep. All right. Cool beans. I'm so excited. They were still open. All right. It took me a minute, but we finally got there. Um, okay. Let's go over to Hogsme. Can somebody hold the people for a second while I put my button away? Got it. Here we go. Thank you. And or not Hogs Me, I'm sorry. Diagonality. And then we'll go to Hogsme after that. Diagonally. Diagonally something like going on here. The amount you can see that we're coming. Yes. You mean like people are on vacation this week? Thanksgiving week. Oh yeah, let's go. Here comes all these people. Go, go, go. The show is letting out. Go, go. I think I scared that lady. I was talking. I was just being funny and I was like, "The show is letting out. Go, go. She looked at me like, "What?" Just being funny talking to herself. I know, right? And then just All right, guys. Well, don't go anywhere cuz we are going to go enjoy some more Christmas time. We're also going to see the Christmas show on the Hogwarts castle. You do not want to miss it. It is so fun, so pretty. They do a lot of fun Christmas things here. I know. Well, come back during the day as well because the characters roam throughout the day. You get to see an elf that kind of reminds you of Tally at Disney. Uh they have an elf, naughty or nice elf. They also have um the Who's in Whoville? So, we have to come back and see them. Music occasionally. Is it different songs or is it the same? I think No, they're different. Yeah, cuz the one before that I don't remember what it was, but it was different. It was definitely different. Yeah. Thank you, Amara, for posting that Adventures of Jenna and Dale is Dale and I's other channel here on YouTube. I haven't had any time to edit any of those vlogs, but I have a Jollywood video coming out with all these ladies and we're all dressed up and we had a great time. I just have to edit it and get it up on the channel. I'm going to post it on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. See if I have time tomorrow. Maybe. We'll see. It's a busy week. It's a birthday week and Thanksgiving. So when we come back, we have to do this backlot thing. This backlot club thing. Oh, that thing. Apparently, you get stuff or you can go meet different each day. I don't know. We'll figure it out. We're going to do that maybe on a vlog cuz then we can help explain to everybody else how to do it. Does anybody else know about this backlo club here at Universal? I've been seeing some stuff about it. Thanks for over 500 likes, everybody. Remember to subscribe if you're new. This is so weird being here without the toxic 20 people. I know these Christmas decorations are so pretty. I know. Don't they give you a little bit feel of the Osborne lights? Just a little. They do. Yes, that's very nice. They could do the Osborne lights here and it would be perfect, right? It would be amazing. I smell coffee. Hey, Crystal. Happy Monday. Starbucks. So, this side, um, Universal side's open till 9:00. The other side is open until 10:00. Um, but the show on Hogwarts Castle runs throughout the night. Um, so we'll head over there here in a little while and check that out. They are doing Sensational, but we're not going to watch that tonight. So, I want to go over and check out the Hogwarts show. The Christmas tree at Fort Wilderness Lodge. Oh, at the Wilderness Lodge is completely incredible. Oh, it is, John. I love that tree to see that one. Me, too. One of my favorites. That's on our list. Oh, sorry. Tantic. Titanic. Yeah. I want to get back and see the animals. Yeah. Oh, in the lodge. The lodge. Cuz they have a They do. And they have some yummy treats in the Mara, too. [Music] All right. Oh, yeah. Prep and landing. Yeah, they should have some like prep and landing meet and greets and stuff. That would be cute at Hollywood Studios. There the new there's a new movie coming out or you know short on Disney Plus for Prep and Landing this year. Is it out yet? Does anybody know? I just watched the Jonas Brother Christmas uh movie um yesterday. It was really cute. If you guys haven't watched it yet, if you It's on Disney Plus. If you have it, I recommend it. It's a cute little movie. It's like a classic Christmas movie. You know what I mean? Like I don't even want to give it away, but it it has, you know, the conflict and they got to do something and get home by, you know, get home by Christmas and it's like a Hallmark movie. Yes. It's really cute. They did a great job. Celebrated my birthday this past Saturday. I had a death to my 20's party. It was so fun. Oh my goodness. My birthday's not today. No, it's um Thursday. It's on Thanksgiving, actually. But, you know, I celebrate all week. It's fine. Of course. Of course. I wish I was celebrating death in my 20s. I know, right? Same. Well, let's go in here and see if they have any of the holiday treats. Then we don't have to go all the way back. Look at the doggy. [Music] A, she's giving him some water. [Music] We're making a candy pit stop. I need this. This is so cute. I need it. It matches your outfit, Jesse. So cute. They have any Christmas stuff? Oh, they do. Yay. I love Christmas. White chocolate and praline caramel apple. And then they have all of the macarons, gingerbread, pistachio, hot fudge, peppermint, and what's that one? Snicker doodle. And then they have the cakes. I think we might get them on like Wednesday. Hi, Shannon. All right. They don't have all the things, but they have some of the things. Yeah, we're going to go back. We waited on you so we could all get treats. Oh, we were just seeing what you had. Thank you. Okay, they do have some wicked one. Decorated though. They're so cute. Aren't they cute? I want to try the gingerbread one. Oh, what's the Earl? Kito. What is that? Jesse's like, I know. It's kind of like a usually has rum in it. rum. But it's like rum flavored. Maybe coconut. Okay. Okay. You know, like a colonic. Kind of like a kind of like a coconut eggnog with Okay. With rum. With coconut. Look at the gingerbreads over here. So, too. The only treat I want is a pumpkin pie crepe. Did you guys see that at the crepe place? They have a pumpkin pie crepe. Oh my word. But that's here. Here. I can't have it. It's full of cream. But you guys can tell me how it is. Look, Grandma's holiday dinner wear. That's cute. Look at all these vintage stuff up here. Oh, look at the doggy. Oh, it's Einstein. [Music] Einstein. Einstein's dog sweaters from Back to the Future. That is adorable. Grandkids art projects. Elliot and Gertie. Old toys. Adorbs. I love it. Oh, guys, don't worry. They still have scary kitty over here. Just in case you were worried. They have scary kitty dolls over here. All the scary kitties. Oh my. Oh, they still have Oh, yes. The bloody knives earrings. They still have like HHN like Oh my goodness. If you miss HHN, they still have some stuff. still have access to the the tribute shelf to HHN. The tribute HHN shelf. Oh no. Oh my goodness. It is freezing in here. Yeah. All right, let's go to um Stagonelli. Diagonal. [Music] Yay. [Music] It feels amazing, doesn't it? Shannon. Hello. [Music] Walking in a winter wonderland. All right. What house should we go to next? [Laughter] Jason. Oh, my boyfriend. I miss him. The DJ. Oh, the club. This was the club. Jason was so scary. Five Nights at Freddy's. That was my boyfriend. I led, too. You and me went by ourselves. Remember scary house on Halloween? And I led. I was so proud of myself. Scary house. I was like, "Are you ready, Ivone?" When we went in that hallway with the Terrible. Just listening to you guys that I was dying. Terrible cuz you were freaking out. I go, "It's okay. It's my boy. It's my boyfriend." Yeah. She's like down. And it was a good thing I led cuz Ivone would have been on the guy's back in front of us. J's like, "It's okay. I need my boyfriend." The house. That was that was the scariest. But, [Music] you know, at when I first went in there, I literally hid my head on Jesse's backpack and then I let it. So, I'm pretty proud of myself for that. Wow. Look at this, guys. So pretty. Oh, you got to do your list. Check it twice. I loved though that um David Howard Thornton came here and was able to interact with all the art. Yeah, guys, look at these decorations back here. Oh, it's so pretty. I love that they decorate throughout like the Magic Kingdom does now, too. Oh, it's gorgeous. That's so pretty. Right. All right, let's go into diagonal. Tim says, "So brave." Thanks, Tim. I don't know if I believe you. What's that? [Music] That Oh, it's been there forever. It's probably because it's been full of people in front of it. Hey, happy Monday, Lee. How are you? Hi, Cara. You okay? I know. a tickle in my throat. No restaurant. [Music] No deaf eaters. This is weird, [Music] but I love it. Look how pretty it is. It's so pretty. [Music] Okay. Yeah. [Music] Good evening, Mary. Glad you're doing better. [Music] Look, it's a Christmas dragon. Thank you. It's not as bad in here as I thought it would be. [Music] Happy Christmas, Harry. Wow. Packed over here. I don't know what's happening over here. Is that the ice? line for ice cream. Oh my word. That's the ice cream line. I mean, it is ice cream weather, but holy moly. It is ice cream. [Music] Very pretty. We're just taking a stroll and then we're going to head back to the tribute store and try some treats. And then we're going over to Islands of Adventure. [Music] And during the day, they have a Christmas show um over here. And it snowes during the day over here. Not Not at night. During the day. [Music] It's very festive, rightly. [Music] I know it sounds really good, but I'm going to wait. Maybe get a special butterbeer on the other side. [Music] All right, let's head on out. Have to see the pretty decorations. [Music] Hi Alley Cats. How are you today? [Music] Now I want to go watch Harry Potter. All right. Who wants treats? Me. Me. Right. Same. Oh, look who's awake tonight. Oh, yeah. The bus driver's out, too. Or the whatever that guy's name is. That guy. The night bus. He's not the driver. He's the ticket taker. [Music] We should go visit the Grinch. We're going to go over and see uh Zeus Lamb. Don't worry. We're going to get treats here and then we'll head over to Islands and check out all the festivities over there. I bet you everybody went over to Hogsme to see the show after the parade. [Music] We should get our treats and then maybe go to Mel's outside somewhere and try them out if we can find a table. Or if it's busy, we can take them over to the island side, too. Either way, [Music] it is chilly in that train station. That's a long line. Holy moly. Is it outside? Holy moly. It is long. Wow. No way, Jose. Nope. Walking is much quicker. I mean, if you've never done it, I would do it. It is a very cool experience. But if you've done it, walking is a lot quicker. We're also not allowed to film it and it dies back there anyhow. So, the signal, uh, yes, Anxious Artist, I believe it is every night. I could be wrong, but I think so. As we're walking this way, guys, check out uh another awesome sponsor that we have, David's Vacation Club Rentals at DVCrequest.com/tv. dvcrequest.com/tv. You do not have to be a DVC member to rent from Davis. [Music] We just got off the SeaWorld Tower. We saw the Magic Kingdom. We saw Epcot. Oh, you're at SeaWorld, John. That's awesome. So, the tower is open again. I thought it was closed. It was open Saturday. Okay, cool. Did you have a fun day? Yeah. Awesome. Do you see a lot of your old co-workers? I did not. Really? Interesting. I only saw one actually. Interesting. Oh, maybe they're not there anymore. I Yep. [Music] Yeah, we should go to the Jason house. It's up here on the right. Ivonne's favorite house. I actually It was intense. I never thought I'd go in there again. And then we went in like I probably went in that house six times or more. Very intense. Agreed. Your adrenaline was going, you know, as soon as you came out, you're like, "Okay." So fun though. But yeah, it was right here. Fast and Furious Q. [Music] Let me know in the chat. Is anybody coming to Universal this year and to check out their Christmas fun festivities? I'm so sad they don't have the spaghetti pizza anymore. I'm glad you and I got it that night cuz I we didn't end up coming back. Yeah, cuz we just couldn't make it work cuz I had a Disney Destiny um we had the media thing and I didn't get to come back. So, I'm glad we had the pizza. You guys want spaghetti pizza? Man, I miss that. So good. [Music] Hi, Katie. Thank you so much. Hi, Rita. We ate that at like what? 11:00 p.m. I don't know. It was worth it. 100% worth it. Worth every second of heart. Yeah, it was. Yep. And then we got churros. Yes, we got churros. So good. [Music] Where are we going? Um, back to the trivia store to get snacks. Speaking of, you know, churro and, you know, pizza. I think I'm going to get the chocolate peppermint cake. Ooh, that looks good. I'm going to get the gingerbread cookie cuz it's my fave. I just hope cuz when I got the Marty one I know. But it was a different flavor. It wasn't like a normal flavor. Cuz I feel like we got one at Halloween once and it was good. There's like a better flavor. I'm going to get the gingerbread cuz it's my fave. I might get one of the macarons, too. Maybe gingerbread. I'm just going to go for the whole gingerbread thing. I love that. I love gingerbread. Might need to put some spaghetti on pizza. I'm currently eating regular pizza. I mean, I'm going to grab a water. Okay, perfect. Sounds like you need one. I really do. I have a dry spot in my Oh, no. I mean, it is kind of dry out. Kind of annoying. Yes, ma'am. Tonight's our last night in Florida. Oh, no. Sorry, John. I'm sure you'll be back soon. You're always back soon. 75 minutes. It does not feel like it would be 75 minutes. Now I know where everybody is. Crazy. I feel like they're like inflating that a little bit. Yeah, I'm gonna say you're right. Uh-huh. Me and my family will be there for the meetup in December. Oh, nice. The Orlando Informer. I want to do one of those sometime. You know what? They're so expensive. But they include all your food and drinks. Like butterbeer. You can have as many butter beers as you want. Really? Just no alcohol. It's just regular drinks and all the food. You can try whatever food you want. All the lines are short. There's characters everywhere. I don't know. one time. I think we should try it [Music] singing silent night. All right. I I'm actually going to take a little restroom break over here. I am too. Yes. Guys, do you mind talking to the people while we go take a restroom? people. All these people there's a thousand a thousand people. Oh, you guys are pretty light for 1,000 people. Jesse is really strong. I am. I work out. All right. Okay. Whatever you want to do. It's the drive-in now. Not the diet. Run. Jenna said you should run. Credit card. Yeah. Auto shop. I got it. Okay. It's not a dy in anymore. No, it's a drive in. It's a drivein, man. Hello everybody. It looks really pretty in the dark though. It does look very pretty in the dark. Is there a moon? There's no It's a sliver of a moon. It's over. Let's see. Hello. Hello. Hello everybody. I feel like it's this direction. How is everyone this fine Monday? We may go down. We should be able to see it. But yeah, it's just like a little crescent moon. Oh, a needle moon. Hello. Hello. Oh, boy. 9999 people watching. There's room for one more. Any volunteers? [Laughter] All right. Oh my goodness. How is everybody tonight? Hope you're having a wonderful night. Wait, is this in sync? Is it? Uh oh. We don't We We got to talk. We got We got to talk over David. David David. It It might be the Instinct uh one of the songs from the Christmas album, which is a fantastic Christmas album. When I said when I said I don't know like a week or so ago that I I really like Yeah. And he said that he had to reevaluate our friendship and we don't want Jenner to get copyrighted. So, we got to I know there's so many songs tonight that you know and that could be one that's like you don't want to get taken down with that kind of copyright. Not at all. Hi, Tiger Tail John. How are you? Talking talking talking John who I randomly bumped into the other night and his daughter at Grand Fian. That was fun. That's cool. We were We were all there in Andy. We were looking at Christmas decorations and we like bumped into them. I mean, that's a great place to bump into somebody. Hi, Tim. You are not new here. Get over yourself. You are so not new. Well, hello Tim. Welcome to Resort TV1. Hi, Noel. Yes, girls night indeed. Should we go in that shop and maybe we'll get away from the song? The Unless it's Transformers soundtrack, then we're Let's see. Drastically different than HHN, huh? No chainsaws. Everything sounds happy. Oh my goodness. Hello. Hello. You love girls night. We love girls night, too. Try and do it as often as we can, but you know, my job gets in the way. So, it kind of puts a damper on me joining the ladies sometimes. Get in the way of of your, you know, personal fun. Exactly. Okay. The music is quiet. The music is quiet. So, we got Transformers. Transformers. You can have your Bumblebee or your Optimus Prime. Pretty cool. Oh, I like it. That might be enough to make Liam want to wear a lounge light. Yeah, absolutely. You're also at Universal. Cool. Because the music we didn't want you to get copyright cuz we were trying to trying to hopefully hopefully much appreciate that. All right, here you go. Back to the professional. We all know about that, but thanks. Yes. Let's go get treats. I like it. All right. To the treats. Going to try a couple Christmas treats and then we will go to the other side. Break on through to the other side. Merry Christmas. They should do a Krampus Christmas horror fest. Yeah, that would be funny. [Music] Hey, Noel. Hope everybody's having a good Monday and a good start to the holiday week, the start of Christmas. Merry Christmas. Happy holidays. Maybe if I sing it then we won't get copyrighted. What do you think? Oh, my watch card. Oh no. That is sad. Look how pretty. This is probably one of my favorites with all the lights on the palm trees. I feel like Okay, so it snowed, but I feel like in the past they would shoot confetti out too. Am I not remembering this right or is that just Marty girl? Smarty girl. Okay. I guess they didn't do it at Christmas. Yeah, they just did snow for Christmas. Okay. I don't know why. Yeah, they did more snow. More snow. Yeah, it wasn't a ton. Yeah, it was pretty, but it wasn't a lot. Should we go in the exit or is it the exit? I don't know if there's an exit. Well, it goes from Insync to Michael Bubé. two of David's favorite. David, are you here? [Music] So pretty. [Music] You know what you're getting? Um, yes. Do you want to get yours and then you can flip flop with me and see? Do you guys know what you're getting or you want to go look at the case? So many things that I saw that I was like, you want to go look at the Okay, let's go look. Did you see? It's Glinda. Galinda. Wow. These are like so random. I know exists. And then there's blue and Spider-Man. I think I'm going to get the gingerbread cookie cuz it's always my favorite. And I'm going to get one macaron. Oh, the pretzels are good, too. The cake. It's uh Yeah, it's a chocolate peppermint cake. That's what I was getting. Trifle cake. Wait, is that in here? Oh, they have your coito trifle cake. They're usually really good. You're going to get that? I'm going to get that. It's amazing. I love it every year. And I'm probably going to get the gingerbread macaron cuz why not? or the peppermint chocolate. Yeah, one of each. There was something else that I thought was Hey, Christopher Robin. Am I wrong? Maybe I'm wrong. You're not wrong. I'm so wrong. Oh, no. Peppermint macaron. Yeah, that looks good, too. And a snicker noodle. And a gingerbread. And a co and you get your heart set on something. They have a very limited selection. Sad. Oh, at the restaurant. So, not necessarily. What's here? All right, Ivone. You want to talk to the people? I'm going to go see if they have what I have. I'm going to be so sad if they don't have it. I I That means I have to come back. Yes. Thank you. Thanks for Yes, absolutely. Oh, I can't go there. We have been to Duncan. We were there just a second ago. We left um We left there. Guys, want to see the tiniest the tiniest nutcracker? I'm so tiny. Hello, Amara. [Music] I love that they have Earl and all of his Sophie locations. [Music] It will be fun to see on the stream. [Music] Oh, there's a Santa up there. I'm so sorry. [Music] Nope. The thing I wanted, but he said check the front shop. Yes, absolutely. Um, okay. They did get the Yeah, they have that. Yeah. If if all of He told me no. And then I was like, wait a minute. No, you do have it. It's right here. You're like, I see it. It's right there. Did you get a water? Oh crap. No. I'll get at the front shop. Okay, that's fine. Um, Jesse was saying there's some nutcrackers in here that are they thought a nod to Hatches and Chains, one of the hatches we got. So, I have to go see what she's talking about. And then we'll go see if they have my treat at the other shop. They do have a Frankenstein one right here. I kind of want this wallpaper. I'm not going to lie. I love that he's messing with lights as Earl does. Mhm. [Music] And if you guys don't know, Ivonne got her shirt tonight. It's the new new uh Early Squirrel and Pearl and the Llama. What was the llama the llama's name? I don't know. Something with a G. [Music] G. Gert. Gert. Yeah. Yeah. Instead of B. G. Yes. Yes. I think that was it. All right. Let's go see your uh your hatchets and chains. Yeah, I'm excited to see. Look, epic universally nuts. I like that sign. I might have to get that if there's nothing else available. Gave me a lot of spoons. Oh, okay. I like spoons. Hi, Jilly. Hi, Debbie. I might have to come back tomorrow cuz I love those gingerbread cookies. so much most wonderful time of the year. Look visitor guide map squirrel. [Music] Do we have do we have Cheron? [Music] Oh no, the nutcracker is sinking. Don't sink. What' you get? Pretzel. Pretzel. What? That one. He looks like steampunk. Okay. Yeah, he looks very steampunk. There's a dog. Oh. Oh. Uh-huh. Kind of right. Yep. I can see that. Totally. Hatchets and chains. And then this one's to Gilman. [Music] Creature. But who's this supposed to be? Wait, do you know who this is supposed to be? That's um an alien with It's um octopus. Yeah. Yeah. Creature. Yep. Creature. Oh my word. I didn't see this one with Jaws. And then we've got Jurassic Park. That's cute. Okay, this is really cute. Spoon down. Spoon down. Don't worry, Jesse has more. He gave me like five or six moves. All right, let's head up to the front and see if we can get more um Yeah, let's just go this way. More treats. [Music] Most wonderful time. Hey D. [Music] Oh, gurg. They named him gurg. Earl and gurg. Cuz I remember thinking, why did they name him after acid reflux? Well, not with a D, with a G. G E R G. Gurg. G. Almost like gurgle, but gurg. It's a weird name. I don't know why they named him that. But if you guys missed it, this is the outside of the tribute store. It's like a log cabin. So pretty and cozy. And we're going to go see what kind of treats they have up front. And they also have um the treat store on islands that we can go check out as well. Oh, a red and a blue one for dueling dragons. Oh, I missed that. Oh, that's cool. [Music] Do you want to go see if they have the Belinda shirt for $5? Oh, sorry. It was just wicked. Yeah, wicked. That's why I said Glinda. Thank you. Do you guys want to go see? I probably won't take the stream in, but if you want to, you can. I'll show you. Sure. Okay. They did have a limited tournament. They did. They did. It was HN. He got scared. Just making sure we knew that it said Yeah, exactly. [Music] the box. The blind box shop. [Music] I love the moon. Looks so pretty. Can you say hi to my uh grandmother? She's watching the stream with me. Her name is Kathy. Hey Kathy. Thanks for watching. Hope you guys are having a good evening. Happy magical Monday. Hey, I know this is weird me doing a Monday evening stream instead of an afternoon or morning stream, but I wanted to come and show you guys all the Christmas festivities. And Wednesday, stay tuned for Wednesday because we are going to be having my birthday stream on Wednesday. Josh is going to join me. We're going to have a great time Wednesday, probably Wednesday evening. So, don't miss it. I I'm not exactly sure where we're going to go yet, so just stay tuned. Not sure. One of the Disney parks. Oh, awesome, Jilly. I'm glad you like the Wicked movie. I can't wait to go see it. Look at this window. How cute. So cute. All right, I have to say hi. They're so cute in there. We've got Choco Cat, of course, Hello Kitty, Pom Pom Puran, and my favorite, my Melody. Hey, Caroline. I know. Um, YouTube messed up the names. I don't know why, but they did. Thanks, Jilly. Will there be cake? Well, if we find some, then yes, Amara. Yes. I like cake. We got to find some first. All right. They have some Christmas stuff in here. Doesn't look like they have the gingerbread cookie though. Darn. They do have the macarons. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Oh, that looks good. [Music] The gingerbread cookie. W that. No, maybe I'll get two macarons instead. I'm going to get those just in case they don't have them on the other side. Who would like to shop with the treats with everybody? Sure. You got it. You sure? Yep. Okay. All right. Got it. All right. Hello. Hello again. All right. Can we All right, everybody. If you're all good and you behave, we'll get you something. What does everyone want? [Music] Oh, happy birthday to your husband. I will tell Jenna you said happy birthday. She's She's buying a treat over there. Oh, no. Jenna's not having any any luck here with her treats. Look at all of this. Sorry. Jenna just missed out on her gingerbread cookie. Oh no. She said the girl said, it's like me trying to find the art rice krispie treat during HHN. Get it? Although Andy's kind of a morning person, so I can't really say that I don't like morning people. Oh, but yeah, you married one. Yeah. So that's fair. Andy's the exception. I can't. Yeah, totally fine. Pink donut. Ooh, yes. Sorry, I'm trying to like balance you guys. Sorry if it's a little wobbly. I have dessert in one hand, the gimbal in the other one. What we got here? Oh, mint cookie. Is anybody else a mint chocolate fan? Cuz you are too. I love chocolate, doesn't it? Mint chocolate. Oh, there we go. M. And the girls have the thin mint. Mhm. I like that. And the Samoas. Me, too. Thin mints are my fave, but those are good, too. I also like the peanut butter. The chocolate covered peanut butter. Those tags. I know. Gary has bread. Yes, they have lemon cookies, too. Yeah, those are good. Are really good. That's cute. That is cute. I have to get some of the Grinch shirt cuz we're doing Mara says you're becoming a pro at Gimble, Jesse. I am. I'm just saying that to be nice. Of course. Of course you are. [Music] Yummy bananas. [Music] Grinch t-shirt. Well, look over there. It's all Grinch. I know. I have to come back here to get a shirt. Yep. Whenever we do Grinch or sometimes Walmart has them. Are you doing like Grinch holidays like during the holidays? Holly. Hello, Lisa. Happy Monday. So, take my word for it, guys. The gingerbread cookie sandwich from here is amazing. It's very rich. So, you know, sharable or, you know, just portions at a time and eat the whole thing. I forget. It's some sort of icy. It's not cream. [Music] All right. You guys ready to go to islands? Oh, no. Wait. We were going to eat these, weren't we? Yeah. Let's Let's go over here. Yeah. Yeah. And then we'll go to islands. Don't worry, guys. Don't worry. A little. Oh, I wonder if they have Christmas treats in here. Need a little Christmas now. [Music] Hey, resort budgeting. How are you? Welcome in. H. Do you think somebody's sitting here? We just need one more chair cuz it's more lit than over there. Or we can sit there. But I guess let's just sit there. I'm going to run and grab something to drink. Um, thanks. I might Let's see. I'm trying to figure out where to point them. I might point them. Yeah, I might point them right here. So, here we'll switch over. No worries. Hi. Hi. How are you? Good. Um, we just um saw you. Yeah. Uh, my mom is right there. We have been following with you guys. Thank you so much. I don't know how many times. A and we love you so much. Thank you. Of course. Thanks for watching. Hope you're having fun. Yeah. Good to meet you. Oo, look at Ivon's yumminess. All right, I picked the wrong dessert. I will share. No, no, it's okay. It's okay. I got macarons. I don't eat the whole thing. I got a macaron. Did you? Which one? The pistachio. Oh, yeah. That's all they had. Which actually I really like the good. And I also got the white chocolate covered pretzel. M. That looked good. Really good. And not, you know, not too big. I probably would have bought it if it had like a peppermint. Yeah. You know, can you hold them for a second? I cannot find the stand. Thank you very much. It's in here somewhere with you cuz I put it in here. It looks really cute. If not, okay. See, if not, we can set it in the side of my bag. Got it. Thank you. Oh, it's so cute. A that's the pistachio. Have a little Christmas right image. Thank you. All right, guys. We're going to Right. Oh, man. I know. He's too cute. Be better then. You better be good. Is that what you're better? That bet that turns your teeth black. Oh, you're probably right. I'm going to guess. Yeah, I didn't buy the crazy bananas. Uh, where were we that we saw Crazy Bananas? Oh, Springs. Springs in the Disney. You know, you can fill your trash cans with Crazy Bananas at Springs. I love Crazy Bananas. What do you mean? At Disney Springs. You know Disney trash cans? How you fill them with candy? Well, Springs has them now. And they have jelly bellies and crazy bananas. Oh my god. You mean like you would only get crazy bananas? I know. But they had them. And you have to pay for these. Yes. Yeah, of course. Not premium. You have to buy at least a half a pound of candy to be able to buy a trash can, but I haven't even bought one yet. I have done that. I have two. I have two trash cans so far. I have my street and tomorrow. I have none trash. Fantasy. Fantasy. Except for the blind. Have they released any others? I don't know. You're getting a case of Oh, no. I'm sorry. All right, Ivon, what's your conclus? Much better than Martyra. Yay. Much better. Do we Do you want But it's very rich. Like I will not eat it all. Oh, I will try. You have an extra spoon. Please try cuz it's really rich. Thank you. Uhoh. Right. That's very what what happened. It slid right off the It's a rogue cake. Rogue. A team member gave me my water and he's like $60. And I went, "What?" He goes, "$6 $6. $6." He goes, he's like, "I just scared myself. I'm sorry. $60. Are you not a passholder? Yeah, I know. Did you use your pass? Sad day. Sad day. I'm like, wait, it shouldn't have been $6. It was in and the and the ridiculous thing is it was in my backpocket home. Crazy. That bottle of water was more than our t-shirt. Um, yeah, it was. We got a t-shirt for cheaper than water. Best Why did I just Wow, good. Yeah, you need to you need to try that. I don't remember why I took that. I mean, aren't you happy? Because sometimes things look really pretty and then they don't taste as good. That happened to me at Mardigra. I got one of those at Mardigra and it was terrible. I took one bite and threw it away. It was terrible, but it wasn't my Yeah. Okay. This one's really good. I like this one a lot. You feel like a kitty. Jingles. Oh, I was like, why Jingles? Jingle kitty. Oh, my eyes are itchy. From which kitty? We have an array for you to choose from. Not scary kitty. Not kitty. Just a kitty. Hello kitty. Just a kitty. Um kitty. Okay. I don't know. Wait. Is this fondant? We were trying to figure that out, too. On the top. This This is making jingly. Jingle bells. Jingle Bells. Here you go. Take a bite. Jingle bells. I kind of want to take Do you want this? No. Okay. That parade was so cute. Batman smells. It was cute. I highly recommend it to anybody who's coming to Universal. Make sure you stay for the parade or get here in time for the parade. I'm so sad that I missed it. Well, that just means we have to come back. Come back. It was really cute. Only saw it once last. This is really good. Andy would want to see that. M. That's a good grape. Oh my goodness. Really good. Mhm. That's amazing. I told you. It's a dance. I love you. I told you. It's so good. Oh my word. Okay. I need one of these. Yeah. Right. I smell peppermint. Okay. If you like chocolate and you like peppermint. I do. Me, too. Wow. I'm a brutal food critic, but then I give this an A+. Amazing. Sweet. It's so good. You can just spit it out. I just realized I talked with my mouth full. Sorry everybody. That's what you do when you do food. Was it What was the dessert that I got? Was it for Halloween? Halloween for HHN. The doctor or Oddfellow the top hat. Oh yeah. Was that last year? Was that fellow last year or the year? Two years ago. Whatever year that was that we came here and we sat and then it wasn't that good. No. I highly recommend chocolate. White chocolate covered pretzel. Really good. It's really good. The white chocolate covered pretzel is much better than the pistachio macaron. Oh, really? Okay. Do you Publix? You know what's funny? I can't even see it. It's behind the bar. There it is. Over at the deli section, they have bags of I don't know the brand of chocolate covered pretzels. And they have one that is peppermint. I need this in my life. Phenomenal. In public. Very expensive. Yes. Very expensive. But man, 25% left. Thanks, guys. It's $8 for the bag. Oh, wow. But it's so good. So good. Publix often has a BOGO. True. Mhm. So, you know. All right. Which one should I try? I don't remember which one's which. Oh, this was um gingerbread, I think. At least you got gingerbread something. I know. Trying to decide if I want to eat both of them or just one. Maybe I'll just eat one. Why not both? I got gingerbread and peppermint. Okay, the black cat's got to go. Well, in case I find my um my cake. Sorry you missed out with the gingerbread. I did a ladies night last night at Disney Springs. I have holiday treats from Amorettes. I was hinting at Dale for my birthday. I want the gingerbread petite cake from Amoret. I don't know if he got the memo, but we'll see. Oh, damn. Damn. I think he probably got the memo by now, right? So, you know, you watching. We can send him many memos. Mhm. Okay, man. This is good. Yum. Okay. Oh, no. This is really good. Sorry, snowman. I took your nose. A+. The cake is so moist. It's not over minty. Nope. Yeah, it's just like a really nice yummy. Subtle mint. It's subtle mint. It's not sugar overdose. What? I don't like a sugar coma. No, I agree. These are really good. Oh, they're Snider brand. Okay. Okay. So, Oh, man. Good. They're that thin slit. Mhm. Oh, they're so good. It's worth the $8. Oh, yeah. I would get this again. It's subtle gingerbread. Ginger ginger. Subtle ginger. Gingerbread. Mhm. [Music] I bought gingerbread mix and cream cheese icing. I'm trying to decide if I'm going to make cookies or if I'm going to make a gingerbread cake. Gingerbread cake. I can't decide which. So, both. Yes. Yep. I mean, cake would be easier with cupcakes. Mhm. Gingerbread cupcake cake with um the cream cheese frosting. And then if you were going to take them in fork or whatever, then it's easier to take cupcakes. Cupcakes, right? Scrape off the cream cheese and put buttercream. The fat. Mhm. That is so yummy. That is good. It's like chocolate. I don't know. I didn't eat it, but it looks like chocolate. It's chocolate. Is it chocolate? Mhm. cake sounds good, right? Okay. Okay. That cake is amazing. It's so good. You want more? I'm okay. Thank you. But we should That alone is dessert. Wow. Is that rich? Mhm. [Music] Yummy. Does anyone want the dark chocolate hat? Cuz I am not a fan of dark chocolate. So, none either. Me neither. Wow. I like my milk chocolate. I love dark chocolate. But one hat was that was blending. If I do dark chocolate, it has to have mint, which I guess it has, but you know what I mean. Like a thin. Yes. Like the mint. It This isn't like bitter dark chocolate. Okay. Cuz I don't like when it's bitter. Yeah. Wow. All right. That was Oh, no. That was a nice There's no bottom on this. Oh, no. Uhoh. Oh. All right. That's the bottom. So, that's the gold disc at the bottom. That's something that could happen. Okay. It's there. Jenna, take some. I'm okay. I'm okay. Thank you. Yes, there will be a tranquil Tuesday. Well, as far as I know, there will be a tranquil Tuesday with Josh tomorrow. And then Wednesday is my birthday stream. Yay. Oh, fun. I think I know where I want to go, but I'm not sure. So, stay tuned. Birthday streams are fun. Mhm. So, let's go over and see if the the Who's are out. I don't think they will be, but you never know. We'll at least get to see their pretty land all decorated. The Who's the Who's the Who's in and Whoville. So Dale just text me and I guess Chloe drank a lot of water. She just didn't feel like drinking water earlier. He wanted her to drink and she's like, "I'm not a circus monkey. I will not perform for you. I want to drink when I feel that way sometimes. Sometimes you just don't feel like drinking water." Yeah. Or Dale just held it better for her. I We've been having trouble with her drinking cuz with with her not being able to see, she gets scared of the water bowl. We hold it for her, but then she still gets scared. So anyway, it's been a minute. Hi. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. But yeah. Anyway, I'm just so glad that she did that. That's why Mama was getting worried. Chloe's mama. She's like, I got this one. Water is important. Water is very important to She does get fluids tomorrow, so I knew that was going to help. But yeah, [Music] absolutely. Yes. Sweet 16. Uh-huh. That's exactly where I'm turning. Uhhuh. That's why a bone had to drive me today. Yeah. But you got your permit, right? Uh-huh. Of course. Of course I did. Wow. Tonight is literally perfect temperature. That's nice. All right, friends. Let's venture to the next spot. Oh, you know what? Maybe I'll plug you guys. Can I have two seconds? Yeah. I was Can I have two seconds? Of course you can. One, two. You can have more than two seconds. Run away. Reindeer. It's the most wonderful time of the year to be boppinging the like button. That's right, Amara. I love it. The most wonderful time. Liquid IV is my friend. Yes, Liquid Ivy. Love it. I need to find a drink station. fill up my water bottle. I love that about Universal. They have places to fill up your water bottle and you don't feel like you have to buy a $6 water $60 bottle. $60 water $60. Yay, Chloe. Yes. Thanks, guys. [Music] Oh, I needed that water. Mhm. That's good stuff. Same. It was getting dry. I can't. I can't either. This weather is why I moved here. Same. It's amazing, isn't it? You don't move here for the summer. That's for sure. No, that is true. What are you talking about? I love it. I love it in the air conditioning. You moved to Florida for the winter. For the winters. You're close to Disney Universal, so you can't complain. And the Universal Complain about the hot summers. Exactly. Does anybody need their receipt? I don't know whose it is. I do not. It's a trifle cake. What's touching me? My my shoelace. That was that shoelace tickling. That is That's why I sometimes double lace at this cuz I can't stand the lace brushing at your door. You do like me. No laces. No laces. All right. I'm going to throw this away. All right. You're not going to make it, too. Oh, no. You didn't want that. Cap. All right, friends. Let's go. Explore, explore, explore. Oh, wait. Wrong park. Here it is. The waning crescent. Wow, look at you. Well, I've been teaching it for months. Good job. This is not working. Can somebody unzip that for me? Thank you. I know. I missed the gargoyle, too. And the arch. I could do without the chainsaw. Um, same. Big step. Big step, girls. [Music] All right. We ready? Let's go. Look at the doggy. Do you see the doggy? She's trying on the outfits for him. No, I want the bag. What? What bag? That bag. The wreath bag. I know. Isn't that cute? I need that bag. Look at us looking through the window. I need like shopping. I need that for my Cinder dress. Well, get that be so cute, wouldn't it? Yeah, it would. But I always come back, so that's pretty cool, too. Happy holidays. All right, we're going to head over to Islands and then we're going to go see the lights on Hogwarts Castle. [Music] and Susan. [Music] So, we're going to walk over there. We just have to walk through CityWalk. It's not a very far walk, which I love. And I literally have not been to Islands in I don't know how long. It's been It's been probably before HHN. You know, the last time I think I was at Islands is when I found my little Boo backpack that I was looking for, right? Yeah. I was live that night and we were looking all over for that little Boo backpack. I want that. I was out. You need the Betty Boop outfit. You know what's fun, too? I was watching the Epic uh documentary. I watched the first episode and they were in Paris part of um Epic. Yeah. And they were, you know, moving the camera around and they were talking about the CIR show and all of a sudden I just see a little boo plushy pillow. Did you see it? I was like, little poo. We rewind. We We went back and we looked pizza. Oh my. [Music] We saw there. Julian was like, "Is that little?" I know. I had to rewind too. And then I took a picture. Holy moly. Oh my word. Oh, it's really smelly. Right now, they're doing a lot of construction right now. So, the walkway is very squishy. It's usually not this squishy. They're building a new ride over here. We're not sure what yet. Um, did you see the the video of them testing the one that they're building? Yes. It looks amazing. It does, but it looks kind of like Oh, it's kind of spinny. Yeah, so the car goes like fast on a coaster track, but also the whole car turns. I know. I'm It looks amazing, but it does look a little terrifying at the same time. If it's controlled like Guardians, Tim says, "I heard pizza." Yeah, Tim, it was pizza. Yeah, it's pizza, Tim. A lot of it. But if it's like if it's like three roaming spinning like a you know like the werewolf ride werewolf then I'm not so sure. Yeah. Oh, is that a epic epic? Yeah. I'm not a fan of that one. It hurt my neck. Well, we got to fix that. I don't know this summer. This is all tangled. Wow. It's a bit squishy. from like man. Yeah. From the ride. Yeah. You like what? Eating a margarita. Oh, me too. I love that place. Love that place. Here's the Hard Rock Cafe over here. Also yummy. [Music] Do we go up or we just keep going? I think we can go either way. Huh? Okay. All right. We'll go this way. [Music] So good. [Music] Are we going to watch the Hogwarts Castle show? Yes, that's where we're heading. [Music] I spy the hemisphere dancer. Wait, the what? Oh, is that the the plane? Is that what that's called? [Music] So, this is how easy it is to walk back and forth from the two parks. Just me, myself, and I. Have you ever eaten there? Have not. I've only ever gotten treats. Dale got ice cream one time. Of course, they had no dairyfree ice cream for me, so I couldn't have it. But I've never been to the regular restaurant. I heard it's pricey. [Music] I heard the new Fast and Furious roller coaster is supposed to be like Guardians of the Galaxy. Oh, okay. I love that ride. It is a nice walk. Thunder. Thunder. They have a wicked ice cream here. Like themed. They have wicked ice cream, guys. Thunder. [Music] So, let's chat about another awesome sponsor that we have. We have Wait Times Signs. Waitsigns.com. Use our code resort 15 for 15% off. Um, so weight signs, they have um it's a display that will show you the actual weight times in Walt Disney World and they'll update throughout the day as the times, you know, fluctuate, go up and down throughout the day. They will do that on the wait time display. You can also watch uh multiple YouTube streams at the same time. So, that's pretty cool. And um you can watch live fireworks shows nightly at Epcot and Magic Kingdom. They will also play the resort TV on there as well. So, go to weightsigns.com. Again, use our code resort 15 for 15% off your purchase. It's a really, really good deal on this device. And um you know, a great time to buy it now because it's Christmas time. So, you can buy it as a gift. You can buy it as a gift for yourself. Weightsigns.com. Go check them out, guys. So, we do have to scan our ticket. You do have to have a park hopping ticket. Lodge. L's lodge. Oh, that's cute. It's the L. I love it. So, if you do not have a hopper ticket, you will not be able to go back and forth. We have AP, so we're good to go. Hello. How are you? Thank you. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. My daughter. All right, let's go. This is Yep, we're in. I want to go in the candy shop just by chance if they have the gingerbread cookie. Let's go. We'll just go in this way. The adventure begins, guys. Merry Christmas. Hey, Tracy. Yes, Josh will be live tomorrow as far as I know. I want this so bad. So cute. Merry Christmas. Happy holidays. I want that Hello Kitty shoulder pal so bad. That sweatshirt's really cute. I know, isn't it? I want all the things. The one. Oh, look. They have one of the trifles. Oh, except for the gingerbread cookie. Do you have the gingerbread cookie? Do you have the gingerbread cookie? [Music] Gone. We've been checking everywhere. They've been gone. [Music] Tomorrow. Everyone says tomorrow. All right. Thank you. I guess I got to come back tomorrow. Jen, I think you need to come back tomorrow. All right, guys. Want I recommend in the morning. Yeah, apparently. Breakfast of champions. Who wants to come with me in the morning? Chloe's going to have to come because her appointment is in the morning. Wait, what? Wait, what? What is it? Oh my word. I love that. It's a book. I love it already. I can't turn the pages. Christmas. A It's so pretty. I love that illustration. Happy Christmas, Harry. Okay, that's what a fun book. Super fun. Ivonne's going to get it for her classroom. $19.99. 19. That's not bad. That's not bad at all. A hardback look. Yeah. Especially at Universal. And you can use your discount. Oh my word. Look at these ornaments. Amdy. We got Jaws. We've got Minions. Minions. Oh, here's Wicked. Alphaba and Glenda. Here's your Alphaba. They have them both. And they have a Jaws. Captain America. Captain America. Spongebob Squarepants. Why not? I want this one. Oh my word. Look. Look. Look. Are you ready? Cute. He pops out. Well, he's not doing it, but he's supposed to pop out like that. Oh, he's cute. Isn't that cute? I love this one, too. Merry Christmas. Happy holidays. Oh my. Oh wow. According pretty good. Oh, we got nippler in the tree. A niffer in the tree. Is that like Earl the squirrel? Yes. Wait, what did you name your squirrel? I forget. We had a We had some fun names and I totally forgot. Julian named Julian named his in my owl. Owie. Owie. I named it Owie. Instead of Ally or was it It was Aly or owie with an with an O. Right. Pphanie. Pphanie. Or was it Urity? That was it. I was going to say that didn't sound right. Good. How are you? Oh, look look look. These are shoulder pals. A a look at the little Grinch shoulder bag. I wish more people were silent. Wait, we're fluent in Zia. Aren't they cute? These are so cute. We got Grinch. We got Max. And we got Cindy Lhoo. Wait, the Cindy Lhoo. Uh-huh. Ivonne. You need Cindy Loo for your shoulder. Why? Why are you taking our Christmas? Why are you taking all our Christmas things? I want maps. I need all the maps. everything. I love that bag so much. To the Grinch from Max. I had a chill. How much is it? I do like that shirt right there. Uhhuh. 15%. Yeah. Mhm. Not as good as Disney. Disney's 20. Oh, here you can see this cup a little bit better. We saw it in the tribute store. The Grinch's heart grew three sizes that day. You get a heart plate with the mug. I do like the shirt. Sharon, you have to buy this. It matches your head, man. Oh, okay. She's like, "Okay, why not?" All right, guys. Let's go to Seuss Land. Whoa. Oh my goodness. Look at these guys. [Music] These are cute. Yes. What everyone wants on their Christmas tree. Wait, what does it flip to? Oh, it's just him and him. Him and him. Why not? I love it here. It's so pretty. Run, run, Rudolph. All right, let's head over to Hog Hogsme. It's Hogsme time. What time is it? It's just throughout the night. So, it doesn't really have a specific time, but helps. Yeah. Doesn't mean that everybody shows up at the show. It's like they'll, you know, they'll line you up, they'll stop you, and then you, you know, you can go up. It doesn't look super packed here, but I bet that's where a lot of people are. So, we're going to go find out. It was a Frankenstein ornament. Yeah, this area reminds me of a mix between Adventureland and Animal Kingdom. This whole area right here, I love it. It's a good way to describe it. Yeah, very nice. And then throw in the Hulk coaster. Yeah, exactly. throw in the Hulk and a little a little bit of Hulk. All right, so we're walking this way. I want to chat about some more sponsors. Actually, we'll wait cuz Susand is right up here and it is amazing. You don't want to miss it. You can't miss it. It's beautiful. This song reminds me of the Osborne lights. Mhm. Oh, the Christmas trees are not on. Sad. They're always so pretty lit up. It's weird. Who do you think's going to win the house cup? So, tonight is not that show. It's a different show for Christmas. So, it's totally different. So, uh we'll go watch it and you'll get to see. But yeah, usually these Christmas trees are all lit up. So beautiful. That thing has lights, too. call that ride. But trolley, trolley. And then again, like I said, we got to come back because we're going to go see Grinch missed the show. It's amazing. Cannot stream it, I don't think. But we'll have to go see it off stream. Bley's running around like she's flying. It's your home, Susan. here. I bounced. We'll just come back and get you later. Yeah. We'll pick you up later. [Music] How did I not know that actually is on a snowflake? It's on a snowflake. Have you guys ever watched the very very beginning of Stoke Christmas? Oh, yeah. Oh, I guess is on a snowflake. That's right. On a what? A snowflake. Christmas bell. Yes, that's I need to rewatch this. Me, too. Oh, cool. [Music] Love this. Yes. It's so pretty, isn't it? [Music] The Christmas bell. Ring the Christmas bells. Have you guys ever seen the show? The Grinch show? No. What? Have you seen the Grinch show? That's right. Jessica and I tried to see it last year and the line was so long ago. Yeah, you do have to kind of plan around that. It's a fun show. We are going to see it this year. Oh, yeah. You are. The only time I met him here was at breakfast or at Walmart. Best breakfast I've ever had. It was amazing. So good. Yeah. Now, the meet and greet for the Grinch is up here. We'll show you guys as we walk by. Like Jenna was like 97 years old age they picked for you. Yep, that was it. We had a whole vlog. It was great. Yeah. The best part was there was like no wait for the Grinch. And he just kind of walked around for a while in the restaurant, which was also fun. Look over here. It's so pretty. [Music] Oh, you can stream the Grinch show. Okay. I didn't think you were allowed to. Yeah, the show is great. Okay, Mr. Cruz Fever. I didn't know. I did not know. Well, we'll have to come back and stream it then. Oh, yeah. Sometimes Oh, you all right? Okay. Water down. Sometimes they have a Grinch cookie. It's pretty good. This is This is like one of the first I love that pink and purple treat. I know. Isn't that pretty? I'll distract them. Okay. Okay. [Music] Look, it's Max. I see Max. [Music] Good boy. Good boy. Is he cute? [Music] This You need this for school, Ivon. This is as merry as I get. I know. Teachable things. Oh, well, there you go. You need that. Oh my word. Look at these hats. They're earrings, but they're hats. They're probably lightweight. They're very lightweight. I like these. I like those. Yeah, I love the I have those are cute. From the '9s. From the '9s. Your ears would ring along with your headband. Uhhuh. way back in history. Oh, that's pretty. I like that. That's cute, too. I like that one. I wish it lit up, though. Does it? Me, too. It's sparkly. That's pretty. What's the other one say? Oh, happy holidays. Cute. Happy holidays. Happy holidays. [Music] There you go. I like that. I know, Tim. I really wanted to do that, but I could not. Is this a backpack? No, it's a pillow. Thought it was a backpack. They did have a backpack like this. Oh, there's one over there. Oh, what's this? Happy holidays. It's a pen set. Focus. Get one of those pens. This is the store that I can spend money on. Uh-huh. Same. I like this hat. Isn't this hat cute? Happy holidays. There's a cute apron over here for your holiday baking. What's this? Oh, this is cute. Look at this mug. What's on the other side? Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. [Music] All right, let's head back to Hogwarts before I don't know what time it goes, but let's go back there. Run, run, reindeer. All right, I'm going to look. Yep. I was going to pass, but I was like, ah, you never know, they might have it. It's worth checking. [Music] Doesn't look like it, but I wonder what that is. That looks cute. Yes, Stacy. I did see that. And I was very disappointed that it wasn't going to be here in Florida. It was going to be in overseas in Paris. [Music] Sad story, man. People just walked around and got them everywhere. They did. All right. They said, "We're going to get all these before Jenna." Uhhuh. That was the consensus. Exactly. Hey, Jenna and the Stars. All right, let's go. There's the Grinch line right there. [Music] It actually doesn't look very long. I think they cut off the line. Oh, is that Oh, sorry. Sorry. Oh, but it doesn't close till 10. Yeah, they cut off the line. So, does he quit meeting before 10:00? Closed? How late does he meet? He has to go home by 9. 9. Okay. So, it's just depends on like No worries. I was just curious. Yeah, cuz the park's open till 10:00, right? Yeah. Okay. But he goes to bed at 9:00. Okay. Thank you. You too. Grumpy. I mean, he's a grinch. All right. That's a want cuz I bet that would have got a lot shorter. Only tried. Bye-bye. Yeah. Bye-bye. Rocking and rolling on that thing. Byebye. All right. We are heading to the Lost Continent, which is turning into something new eventually. We don't know what yet. Yeah, I know. Run, run around as fast as you can. Can't catch me. I'm the gingerbread man. Exactly. He's running away from me. The gingerbread cookie is a gingerbread man. Is it shaped like a gingerbread man or a cookie? A cookie. It's a sandwich. It has frosting in the middle. It's so good. It's like a whoopy pie kind of thing. Yeah, exactly. But gingerbread. All right. Wow, it's dark over here. Yeah, it really is. I can't look in my phone right now. Sorry guys. Can't read the chat. There's people everywhere. Apparently, we're going the wrong direction. We're swimming upstream. Oh my. A Your son proposed to his girlfriend in front of the castle. That's amazing. Congratulations. I mean, assuming she said yes. I'm assuming so, too. That's awesome. This is a great restaurant. We haven't been here in a while. Very good restaurant. We got to go back. [Music] [Music] All right, guys. As we're heading back here, I'm going to look up and chat about another awesome sponsor that we have. See? Hang on. Give me one second here. Man, that popcorn smells good. Okay, guys, give me one second. All right, here we go. All right, so go check out DreamTable. Dream Table is an amazing app that makes finding your Walt Disney World reservations a breeze. So, all you have to do, um, if you're not able to find the reservations that you're wanting at Disney, you know, on the app, you keep checking, keep checking, and they're not there and you keep checking, you can use Dream Table, uh, again, download the app and, um, put in the, uh, restaurant that you want, the time, the people, how many you have in your party, and it'll keep checking for you, and then it'll notify you whenever it's available. And so, it won't make the reservation for you, but it will um, notify you, then you can make the reservation. Let's go in this shop. I'm curious what it looks like now that it's not Halloween. Is it still Halloween themed? So again, go to dreamtable.co, download it on the app store. We also have Parknacker, parknacker.com. I love that they have stockings for monsters. So again, uh, Park Snacker, if you're heading to Walt Disney World, you know that trying all the iconic snacks can feel like a mission. How do you keep track of all the snacks and where they're at and how to find them? Well, Parknacker will help you with that. So, all you have to do is check out parksnacker.com and you can find all of those awesome snacks in one place. parknacker.com. Yep, it's Halloween themed still. I love that. Okay. 24/7. That's amazing. No. No. No. iPhone. No. No. No. No. So scary. No. Desara. Cute. Those are cute. If you notice the shirts. Yep. I thought maybe it would be like a little Christmas Halloween. Oh, look. They have Five Nights. We will have Halloween on Christmas. Yeah. Look at all the Five Nights. If you guys wondered, it's in here. They still have the candles, the headbands, the t-shirts, all the things for Five Nights. Oh, yeah. Here's some Christmas. This is it. This is all you get. This is it. Oh, these are cute. The little gingerbread in here. It is. Yeah. Agreed. Okay. Creepy to all your attention. Just a little bit. Wait, where'd they go? Oh, there they are. They're coming. Oh, what are these? Collect them all. Nightmares. I don't want nightmares. It's a cute hair clip. Well, that is cute. I thought you talking about these nightmares. A look at the nightmares. We have Jack, Chance, Frankenstein, Bride of Frankenstein. Oh no, Chucky's one. I am definitely not getting this. Scarecrow, and then two mysteries. $22. Oh, here you go. Here's a little breakdown of what you can find. Look, guys, they have a scary blind box. We We were looking at those. Oh, are they the same? We thought those were really cute. No, no. Scary. You can get Chucky. Okay. Well, we thought that certain people that we know would like this. Yes. Agreed. Agreed. Yes, she would love it. I feel like Julian. Julian. Yes. All right. Let's go to the Hogwarts castle. Oh, cool. Tim. Oh, it's so pretty. It's already nicely decorated. [Music] Let's go see when the next show is. Kind of thinking maybe it's starting now at 8:30 and maybe we'll see the next one at 8:45. I don't know. We'll see. Look, it's only 10 minutes to go the other way. On the train. Such a fun ride. Hagrids. I love that ride so much. So, welcome to Hawks Meat, everybody, where it's Christmas all the time. Snowy, I guess they do have all the decorations up for a long time. Looking amazing. Oh, they go every 20 minutes. Okay, thanks, Amara. I had forgotten. [Music] Yep. We found all the people. We're hanging out right here. Whoa. 180 minutes. Holy moly. That's a choice. Insane, right? That is a choice. Uhhuh. It's a fun ride, right? But it's not 3 hours. Uh, agreed. All right. So, we want to see the show. We got to go to the right. Shovey leans to the right. The ride is to the left. [Music] I smell fish and chips. It's cold now though. I know. Smells good though. You remember when Hagers was a water ride? Me too, Tim. Me too. [Music] Thank you, John, for hitting that like button. We really appreciate it, guys. If you've not popped the like button, please go ahead and do so. Helps YouTube know you're enjoying the stream and then it helps share it out to other Looks like it's about to go maybe. [Music] All right, guys. [Music] This is good. We don't want to go too close. All right. Is this good? You can stand in front of me if you want. You guys are short. Sure. Or Oh, let me turn this off. It's a little annoying. Yeah, I took mine off. Tell me when it's off. Not off. Not off. Still on. Still on. No, you're not on the button. There you go. Now you're blinking. Never. Yeah. Yeah. This thing wouldn't turn off. All right. Here we go, guys. We don't know. It's a surprise. Mhm. It's They say it's every 20 minutes. So, I don't know when the last one was, but it should be any moment. Yeah. At 8:40. Oh, 8:40. Oh, we have four minutes. Perfect. 3 minutes. I can't math. Yep. [Music] Do you mind holding this for me, somebody? Thank you so much. Is it really only 8:20? Huh? It's It's 8:37. Why did you think it was 10:00 p.m.? I don't know. I thought it was much Are you really tired? No, I just dece. All right, guys. This is going to be awesome. I hope you enjoy it. [Music] Oh, cool. Fernando. Yeah, we um we've been there to Universal Hollywood, but it's been a while. I'd love to go back. Last time we were there was the opening of Super Nintendo World, which we have now at Epic. [Music] Can't wait till they sell annual passes for Epic. One day, one day we'll get that. have an express that is then we got to go valid that I need to use by whatever date some next year it was good for a year. Oh, nice. Well, because they nicely cuz I couldn't like it was the day that we I Jesse, but the weather was really bad. So, like a lot of the rides were close and stuff. So, the cast member said if you don't use it at all, you can like move it. Cool, Britney. Well, you're going to love it. So, I didn't scan it for anything. Good. Yeah. I don't really want to move. I'm going to move over in case people want to move over or move up. Yep. One minute, guys. [Music] Wow, that's only 25 minutes. That's not bad at all. I just realized my pass has been open the entire time. Luckily, it did not fall out. Here you go. All right, guys. Enjoy. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hold it down. Christmas [Music] morning. [Music] All right. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] I don't Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Thank you. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat up here. [Music] [Music] [Music] Yay! Oh, that was fun. I hope you guys enjoyed it. Super fun. Okay. I think so, but I don't remember. Pretty sure it was. I hope you guys enjoyed the show. Thank you. Trying to figure out where to go. Let's wait for some of these people to go. We'll keep a a really pretty view here. Oopsie. Here I can take my headband. I'm sorry. Thank you. We do have another tonight at 9:00. It'll be only 20 minutes until park closes, which is 10. All right. So, I think we do not have any sitting on the are going to chat about our awesome platinum members of the channel and then I think we're going to call it a night. Um, so hang on, let me pull up our platinum members. I hope you guys have enjoyed the stream tonight. Once again, if you are not sticking around for the next show, we ask that you go ahead and exit the area. That way, we can have everybody else who does want to come in for that next show to be able to come in and see it. Oh, okay. Fine. Your three exits are going to be actually, let's just hang out a little further up to Jurassic Park. Your next exit will be over here at this bridge, which will also take you to Jurassic Park. And your last. Um, so all right, guys. We want to thank Amy Moore, Grey Rose Adventure, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Go Mini, uh Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, William Ly, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, The Amazing Jayla Moxley, Skander, Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Vismo, and Alan J. We want to thank you guys so much for watching, and thank you for being our platinum members of the channel. And thank you to all of our members of the channel, all of our Patreon members, as well as hoppers, moppers, shoppers, and boppers. We appreciate you guys. I hope you enjoyed the stream tonight. We are going to wrap it up and enjoy hanging out. We might get a butterbeer. Who knows? But hope you enjoyed. Definitely go back and check the Christmas parade if you did miss it. That was at the very beginning of the stream. And Josh will be live tomorrow. And I will be live with Josh on Wednesday for my birthday stream. Don't miss it. All right, let's try to selfie. It's kind of dark, but we're going to try our best. Yep, we're dark. Who wants to light us up? Hang on. I got this. I got this. story. All right, guys. Thanks for watching. Thanks to uh all my awesome Thanks to all of my awesome friends. Yeah, you can't tell anyone. [Music] All right, guys. Thanks again for hanging out tonight. Stay tuned for the Jollywood vlog coming soon. And um yeah, I just turned it off. Well, we'll see you guys soon. It's time to go. I don't know if I have everybody in, but thanks again. We'll see you soon. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Byebye. Bye. We can't we can't talk. Once again, if you guys are here for the 9:00 show is the exact same show that it has been the whole um that will be at 9:00 and then every 20 minutes after 40 and finally 10 which will be the last show that evening because that's when Hey.
