---
video_id: Mg6mpZ7reb8
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Friday Night Live:  Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party - Walt Disney World Live Stream"
published: 2025-11-22
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mg6mpZ7reb8
---
over there. Ready? One, two, three. I know. Well, hey everybody. It's Josh and Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live at Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party. Yay! Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas everybody. November 21st. It's getting closer. It is getting closer. Next week is Thanksgiving. That's right. So, if you're new, definitely subscribe and hit the notification bell. Follow us on all the social medias. We're Resort TV1 on Facebook, Instagram, Tik Tok, and Twitter. Go check us out. And uh we're enjoying some beautiful views of the tree as the sun sets low in the sky. We got the castle and the wreaths and Main Street over here. It's looking good. So, we're going to walk through. We haven't been through the uh the ornament distribution yet. So, we're going to walk through there. Yep. Ornaments and snow. Right hand side. There's a little bit of a spill over there. Don't know what it is. Well, I think I know what it is. And we'll talk about it later. That's right. That's Oh. Oh, somebody else fell. Good grief. Poor people. Is she okay? Oh, man. I was just telling Jenna a poor girl fell on the way up the Montreal platform. Oh, she's okay. All right, she's laughing. She's laughing. Okay. Oh, the girl in the Montreal sheet platform. She um they she didn't go anywhere for a while. Yeah. Yeah. Feel bad. It's hard. There's so much stuff to trip on around here. I know this firstand choked up. Anyway, merry Christmas. Let's go enjoy all the fun. Let's party. And we got to remember to go back to Storybook Circus cuz there's so much cool stuff there. Yeah, cool stuff. Hi. Festive. Oh, we miss you. We're so much fun tonight. Bravo for the shoes, too. Yeah. Welcome, friends. Merry Christmas. We're so excited you're here. So fun celebrating. Welcome to the party. Our second Christmas party. So fun. I know. We're ready for all the things. We have an ornament here. Thank you so much. This is cool. Oh, you got yours earlier? Yeah. Be my second one. Yeah. Oh. Oh, and I forgot all the snow smells like peppermint. I know. I love Look at this snowman over here. He's He's going to town. Pikachu like snow. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Nice. This is like a marshmallow cookie. Yeah. With chocolate. I need to eat that. I really want to meet those gingerbreads, but the line is so long. Always. Oh, here guys, look. It's a snope. A snow man. Excuse me. Just like ran into me with the stroller. Yes, we're going to go see Frozen at 6:15. Actually, we're on our way. We need some gingerbread. Do what? The line isn't too bad. Yeah, but we're not going to make it. Well, you can do it, I guess. We got frozen at 6:15. You can do it though. If you want to meet them, go for it. Okay. Yep. I'll go say hi to him real quick. Hi, how are you? Oh, yeah. That was fun. I love that. So fun. Enjoy. Nice to see you. So, Jenna's going to wait for the gingerbread gingerbread people. Let me go say hi to them real quick. I mean, from the front. And then I'll go find a spot for um go find a spot for the um Frozen show. There they are. They're having fun. I love this song, by the way. This is such a great song. All right, we're going to go find a spot for the um we're going to go find a spot for the um Frozen holiday wish. Woo! All right, you guys ready? Everything changed your dream. What a beautiful sign. All right, let's see. We'll go find a spot. Hello friends. At this time, this is a oneway only. I throw away my my dinner coke. I'll find another one. It's always busy at the beginning here. I hope everybody had a great week. I did. It was a busy week though. We uh we got to help dad celebrate his uh 75th birthday yesterday. That was so amazing. Had a great time. So yeah. Yeah. Kelly Clarkson's great. I remember the first American Idol. Hey, David. David T. It's good stuff. My friends will bring you frozen surprise. Yeah. Yeah. Friends and family. The Frozen holiday surprise taking place in 10 minutes. Thank you. All right, see if we can find a good spot to watch the show. Okay. Princess. Here we are. Yeah, we had a great birthday for dad yesterday. It was super awesome. And actually, we were able to um I was able to give him a really fun present. It was a computer that we had um growing up. It was the very first one I ever used. Um it was given to him by uh Purdue when he worked for Purdue. But yeah, so there you go. Man, you got a good spot. It's a pretty good spot. Yeah, I gave him that computer and he had a great time. So the back What's that? I just changed the battery in the background. Really? The phone? Yeah. That's awesome. You like that 23, huh? We're not getting rid of the 23. You know, I actually couldn't wait to get rid of it because of the flicker and I can't stand that. It looks I don't even notice it anymore. Oh, right. Well, I noticed it more when I watch my own replay. Oh, yeah. Flicker, flicker, flicker. And I'm like, "No, no, no. Now, now it's fine." But yeah, so I feel like the 20 I I don't Let's see how the 26 is. But I feel like the 24 is really good. It is. I have 24. Yeah, I like this one. As long as I don't As long as I don't do stupid stuff like stream in 4K, then the battery is pretty good. The battery is great. I just Well, you just changed it. Yeah. Nice. How was your trip? It was great. Yeah. It was so weird getting off after like 13 days. You're almost like, what? That's so funny. I I got on a cruise and then got off while you were still on one because mine was only 3 days. I know. I was watching all everybody's post and everything and I was like, that was cool. It was also a little I know you guys out in the Atlantic is pretty rough. We were No, it was smooth. Oh, we were rough the first night cuz that cold front came through and we couldn't even land in uh Castaway when you were supposed to your first full day. We were in the middle of the Atlantic. Okay. It was flat flat. Not not a wave anywhere. They told us that we were supposed to go to Castaway on Tuesday and they said they couldn't because the winds were too high. So, they changed it to Wednesday. But we were uh it was bad. Ours changed too because we weren't supposed to go to Castway and then we Oh, yeah. That's cool cuz I noticed like midway through our second day at sea across the Atlantic all a sudden we went from like 18 knot average to 23 fun and I was like why are we going so fast that's weird and then we got the announcement that night that we're on the cap. So they were they were trying to get there a little quicker. They were trying to make up some time. That's good to see you. Hi everybody. How's it going? Yeah, we're doing good. Doing good. I did see that uh video with the computers connecting to the internet. The old computers connect to the internet. Yeah, you can do it. So, it's a it's a Zenith. Here, I'll show you. Hold on. It's a Zenith Lugable they call it. So, here it is. Wait, hold on. Here it is. Playing organ trail. There you go. Courtesy of Dr. Gonzo. I got my dad for his birthday yesterday. The first computer we ever had. Oh. He's got the organ trim. Yeah, I remember that in elementary school. Yep. He was so shocked. It was given to him by Purdue to use for like research, but I found one. It was in perfect condition. I was like, "Yeah, I got to grab this." So, it's calm tonight. It is calm. No, last night this was it. I don't know. They had us parking in the way far back though. We're parked all the way back in Mulan. Yeah. I've never been in Mulan for a while. I don't me ever the villain side was empty, right? So, I don't know if they're working on it or you did you made up you made up the parties you missed, huh? One more tomorrow. Yeah, one more. Wait. Oh, Jollywood. I was going to say there's no Christmas party tomorrow. Jollywood. Yeah, I got you. I enjoyed Jollywood last week. It was fun or two weeks ago. I like how they were able to adapt with everything. Yeah, it worked. It worked well. Good to see you. Five minutes, guys. We're going to watch a Frozen Holiday Wish. You had a lovely day in Brighton. Hey, Tyler. Thanksgiving degrees. Like 77 degrees. Oh, that'll be nice. I ain't even looked at the weather. I just know today was my last day of school for a while. That's all I know. That's what the what the sun said, too. He goes, throws his backpack in the closet, goes, "All right, I'm done. I'm done." So, you're just done for 3 weeks. Yeah. 83, 82. It's going to be 80 the next several days, and then Thanksgiving drops a little bit to 76. Black Friday 71. Good stuff. Did you get the ads in the name? Oh, yeah. I've had them for a long time. You finally got them yesterday. First time. They're horrible. So hard to read the names now. I even sent all my YouTube contacts and email. Not that it matters, but I'm like everybody's been doing it cuz they're they're trying to say it's easier to figure out who who and everything. I get that, but it's hard to read. No, they don't. Well, I told him I even told him my email. I don't care about it on the comments. That's fine. But in a live chat, you're trying to read it quick and it makes it way slower. So, I don't know. Have you been invited to the uh Hey, David. Focus group thing they're doing. Yeah, I'm just never available when they do it. I was on the cruise when Yeah, I think that was one of the times I was going to be on one, too. 70s and 80s, you're killing me, Smalls. Hey, eventually. Yeah, I have a week off. We can come here. Friends and family, you see some greetings. It's almost time for the big summer blowout. Oh, apologies. I mean, frozen holiday surprise. Hey, Morrison. Welcome to our struggles. Go ahead, friend. He's not wrong. In order for you to experience tonight's presentation this way and then the lighting around Cinderella Castle will be reduced. For your own safety and the safety of others, we ask that you remain in the same location until the lighting returns to normal. Thank you, friends. Now everyone get cozy with your friends and family. It is almost time for the Frozen party surprise. I want to tell you about it, but then it would not be a surprise. Yeah. Need a vacation. Tesco George. I get that. Can you say hello? Yeah, for sure. Hi. How are you? No way. You want to say hi on the live stream? I'm live streaming to your family and that's you. Okay. Yeah. Come on over here. There we go. What's your name? My name is Avery. Avery? Yeah. Nice to meet you. And I want to say hi to my family and hi to Daffany and Dad. That's awesome. Thank you. We love watching your stream. We're from Wilmington, North Carolina. Okay. Very cool. Watching you stream. Well, thank you. I appreciate that. No, you're good. I appreciate it. You guys ready for the party? Oh, yeah. All right. Have fun. Nice to meet you. Two minutes, guys. T-minus 2 minutes till showtime. Yeah. Hey, Evan. Hey, Amy. The crazy part about our cruise though is we went on the May 1st cruise on there before they sold to Europe. Oh, on the fantasy. Yeah, we were coming back like we met all of our met. That's super cool. That's fun. It's It's an interesting experience. Oh, I bet. I'd love to do it sometime. David, that's funny. Not yet. Hey, Dan. All right, here we go. There it is. Here we go. La this door, too. Wo. A single sparkly shoe hint. What about here? Definitely not. La knock. No, we'll we'll just uh cover that up. So many stairs. Why so many stairs? I'm okay. I'm okay. I'm okay. There you are. Hi, I'm Olaf and I like warm hugs. Oh, I'm so glad you're here, too. It's my favorite time of year when we celebrate the holidays. Ooh, but this year, I want to create a special holiday surprise for my friends. And I need a little help. Little siblings, come on. Slush and slush and slide and anvil and flake and fridge and flurry. Powder and crystal and squalor and pat and vill. Everyone's here. It's time to decorate the castle. Why? Because it's that time of year. Look at the coat. Decorating is an art. So, express yourself. cake. Some more decorations. Oh, don't forget the banner. Perfect. Oh, fruit cake. Olaf. Oh, here come my friends. Everyone. Hi, Olaf. Oh, hi. How many have you seen? Oh, come on. A boy. Happy Liz. Surprise. Olaf, you did this with help from my helpful little helpers. A holiday surprise for my friends. A, I guess it's the thought that counts. Thank you, little siblings. Now, off to bed. Off you go. No pushing, William. Good snowies. Do you like your surprise? We love it. But maybe it could use a little more something. I know just the something it needs. May I? You may. Oh, so that's how you spell happy holidays? I don't know. I still think it's missing something. Oh, yeah. Now it's time for our holiday surprise. We proudly present the ule bell. Oh no, you brought the ule bell from Arendelle. That's right. I mean Kristoff and Sven helped a little. A little. Did I say a little? What I meant to say was thank for all your help. You're welcome. And now we can bring a new season with all of our friends here. Great. It's the first Christmas in forever since we opened up the gate. And it's the first Christmas I remember today. And it's already worth. Look at all the joy that is everywhere. I feel the Christmas spirit in the air. The hearty will start at the strike of new and will bring in a season. So it's time to bring down here and shine through. It's finally here and it's happening fast. We'll make up for all we have missed in the past. It's time to celebrate as we go. Let the holidays begin. Before we go, I have a holiday surprise, too. You do? What is it? Well, it's what makes the holiday season so special. Oh, I know. Is it presents? Something better than gifts. Must be sweets. No. Games? Not that either. But what else is there? Time with those we love. Being able to share a special moment with friends and family is what makes this season our favorite time of year. travel miles and miles and I would follow any star. I'd go almost any place if it's any place to where ever feel at home. And when we're together, we stay safe and warm. Doesn't matter where we are. Whatever is here together to be together in the highest. every night. And when we're together, then the seasons bright. I need the better fell. Oh, it's here. When we're together, I could stay forever. And when we're together, time. Wa! Look at all that ice. Elsa, it's so good. Now that's a holiday surprise. This season in our hearts all year long. Oh boy. Happy lids. I mean, happy holidays. Thanks for bringing in the season with us. Warm holiday heart for everyone. Friends and family, I hope you enjoy the Frozen holiday surprise. Yeah, spending the holidays together is so nice. Like a sun. Now go to enjoy the rest of your night and let it be merry and bright. Okay. So, where are we going? I love that so much. Yeah, it's a great show. Um, uh, I got to go to Gingerbread. Yeah. How was that? Very cool. A kid tried to jump in my picture. It was cute. A Okay. Well, you're wrapping the uh the holiday party doesn't start at 7, right? Get on the and Yeah, you can do that. Do you want to walk around a little bit and then get on it? Right. Yeah, let's do that. Let's walk around a little bit. And first, let's get out of here. Oh, let's go to story land and show some of those. Yep. Yep. Yep. Let's go this way. Okay. Yeah, I know. I wasn't paying as much attention cuz it was hard to see. Hard to see. And the thing was lagging and I was more like That was me last time. Was it? Cuz I did it last time. Oh, yeah. Last part. I don't know why I was lagging it. This never lags in here when we're using this connection. But are you on the way? Yep. I don't know what the problem is. Maybe. Okay. Sure. It's a thing. He was eating through the It's very peopleley. What? Is it really? So, oh, it's it's a bottleneck here because everybody's checking uh wristbands. If you are coming towards the castle, guys, make sure you can see those purple fans. If you are coming towards the castle, we need to see your purple card stand. I'm going to open this up. What happened? If you're coming up this way, if you're coming up this way, stay on this side. I'll try. Sorry. Okay, there we go. No lag. Oh, good. I'm glad you guys didn't see any lag. That's a good That's a good Yeah, usually we don't have any issue there. I don't know. But that's all right. All good. In the Disney hood, guys. If you didn't see our Instagram from earlier, I went to the brand new Disney uh what was it called? Yeah. Drop shop. And they have a ton of blind boxes. It reminds me of PopMart if you never heard of that. And they have all these little like blind boxes that you open and stuff. And so I went. I was a fourth in line to get in. Good for you. I was the first guest to walk into Disney Springs. He goes, "You're the first guest?" I was like, "Woohoo! Achievement unlocked." Wow. I never had that happen. You guys remember Old Wilson World Hotel in CMI? Now called Compose after years of Oh, yeah. Actually, so I've been by that while they were constructing it and stuff. Yeah. Driven down that way. Compose is what it's called. The way they spelled it, it makes me think of compost. That's what I thought of when you said it. So, not, you know, not the most like hotelish thing, but Oh, it's a hotel. Yeah, it's a hotel. Story book. Is that what we're sure? Check out the pretties. Hey, Nikki. Okay. They have those snowman pretzels back there. Oh, yeah. That's right. Not yet, but yes. Not yet. Yeah. I I do like the pretzels. I'm glad they have those. I know. I am sad they don't have your favorite cookie, the sticker noodle. And my favorite cookie just the plain frosted sugar doodle. Why? But they do have some good ones. So, I like the gingerbread. You like the hot cocoa. Yeah, that one wasn't bad. Uh, let's see. JFL. Uh, congrats on 25 months of Resort Hopper Gold. Does Disney hire you guys to do Magic Kingdom non-stop? Why doesn't Disney World hire you guys to work? Also, Supernatural leave Netflix in December. Probably going to move to HBL. Thank you so much, JL. Appreciate it. Thank you. No, Disney doesn't hire us to do anything. So, thank you. All good here. Okay, good. And again, hi everybody. Sorry if we miss you. Uh, Maria, hello. We're working the next step on the app now that everything else is fixed is getting the chat to be a little bit smaller so we can see more stuff. Okay. Perfecto. Yes. Dad says that. Perfecto. We used Madison from Mickey Travels to book our trip to Disney this week. She was great and got every reservation. Yes. That Disney Mickey travels is great. Go check them out, guys. Mickeys.com. Everyone. Thank you for joining us today. In just 30 minutes at 7:00, Mickey and Midday will host Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party. Tonight's event is sold out and we do not have any more tickets available. If you're not going to join us this week, we hope you enjoy your visit to the Magic Kingdom and wish all the parties are sold out by the way. All the parties. Wow. Christmas season. That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah, Heather, it is crazy. They don't have the snicker doodles or snicker doodles as she said. Hi, Catalina. She said I misspelled it. Yep, I do that all the time. My phone misspelled stuff for me a lot of times. I'll blame that. Yeah, it's the slest. Snoops back here, too. Yeah, it does. 117 more days. Just finished watching your tour of Port Orleans. Oh, wow. Yeah, that's been a that that one is a that's a goop cut. did that one a long time ago. I'm glad it's still relevant though. A goodie. A goodie. Larry Stockhov 1999. You guys need You guys need to rock some pajamas. Yeah, maybe someday. I think that would be fun. Thanks, Larry. That we should bring them. He needs to rock, too. Yeah, that would be adorable. Angela F 21 months of opera bronze. Which one do you like better, Disney Halloween or Disney Christmas? They're both amazing. I like both of them. I probably would pick Christmas just cuz Christmas to me is a little more magical time of year. So, they have different feels. I'm not there. And I don't like I don't dislike the Halloween. It's just that I like Christmas as a holiday better. I love Halloween, too. I love them both. But what I'll say is the the Halloween party is just so fun and vibes and all the things. And this one's more cozy. Yeah. I like the coziness. I like them both for different reasons. Yep. So, a lot of people just really love Halloween and that's cool. That's just not me. I don't dislike it. I'm just like, it's fine. I have always loved it. Always. Always. like now that I'm not like a kid and I don't go trick-or-treating and I don't get, you know, it's not the same as it was. So, I'm just like, it's fine. We do. We do here. I know. I think the biggest bummer here is that I like that the cookies are different here. The candy is the same pretty much everywhere. And I wish they would fix that. I I Yeah, I think it would be fun to get different They used to like candy or treats or like different Yeah, different treats and candy. And they do it at Disneyland, too. Yeah. Where But here it's like us it's like pretty much all the same stuff. So, I hope they one of these days we'll fix that cuz they did they do have different cookies everywhere here which is nice. Yeah, I like that. All parties sold out. Seems like they're more crowded. Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely um definitely very crowded. Like people are getting in line to meet Santa Claus. Yep. Even back here it's got there's a different decent amount of people. They're setting up over there. Yeah. It's like they're ready. They're not. Yeah, they can't open yet. Sometimes if you if you're paying attention, sometimes they will open stuff early, but that's not ever guaranteed. Usually it's just a couple minutes early. Oh, there's Santa. Oh, yeah. Right there. Yeah. The Snope isn't on yet. They come out of these posts. Yes. I want one of those at my house. All the little street lights. It's a snow light. Yeah. They've got a couple of shop. What's that? They've got a couple. One, two, three. Yeah, they do. I agree, Stephen. Yeah, you don't have to say either. It has to It could be and as well. Yeah, I do like both. Like if you make me pick, that's what I would pick. But yeah, I do like both. I don't want to pick. It's like Liam made some cool stuff with his 3D printing today. They were little cool little toys and stuff that he made um at his uh little um they call it dream lab. It's like a it's like a uh elementary school engineering which is cool. Wow, that's cool. And he um which one do you like better? I was like I like both of them. I like them both. And that's okay. You can like both. Yep. No, I don't know the max guest count for Halloween parties. It used to be 20,000 but they've raised it, I'm pretty sure. I think so, too. Um, capacity here, they don't publish this, but as well known, fact, capacity here is 90,000. Wow. That's that's like fire capacity. I don't think it ever gets to that point. Well, I mean, they do they shut down the mark sometimes. I think they shut it down well before that. Not well before, but they shut it down enough to where they couldn't it it couldn't ever be like a within that, you know, close to that limit. Usually, it only shuts down around Christmas, Thanksgiving, New Year's. Yeah. Maybe Easter, but not very often. But I totally understand why they don't publish the official numbers because it might be, you know, it just wouldn't be a good thing to publish the numbers. So, not safe. But, uh, yeah, 20,000 used to be the number. I bet it's 25 or 30 now. I bet. Now, a normal day is a normal like a normal what you would consider like a sort of busy day would be like 50 to 60 from what I understand. Makes sense. All right. The doors. We closed on a DVC resale contract. Oh, that's cool, Tony. Very cool. Oh, yeah. Speaking of which, we have David's DVC rentals uh at dbcrequest.com/tv if you want to look into renting a DVC room for a fraction of the cost. Yeah. I don't know why she wasn't really worried about you. I guess uh big movie fan. $10. Bob Iger should have hired you years ago. What great WWE ambassadors you are. Quality of your videos is outstanding. Thank you, big movie fan. You're very kind. So kind. We appreciate that. Yes. Very much appreciated. So yeah, I'm um want to head to the people mover. Sure. dbcrequest.com/tv. Again, that's dbcrequest.com/tv. Go check them out. Check them out, everybody. Um I was also talking about Mickey Travels earlier. They're really awesome as well. If you want to book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World, mickeyras.com. Again, that's mickeyras.com. Did I? Yeah. Was that what I was? Yeah, cuz they were talking about somebody had used Mickey Travel. That's why I was like, did I say that earlier or am I just like dreaming that? No, I did. I did. We kind of talked about a little bit. Hi, Heather Janice Disney Alley Cats. Welcome in everybody. Sorry if I haven't said your name yet. Hey, Karen. Welcome. Happy Friday Night Live. Yep. Very first one that Josh and I have been on in about a week because you were since the last Christmas party. Destiny. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. The last time we were here. The last time we were at the party. Yeah. Last time we streamed at the parks together. I streamed Epcot on Tuesday, but that was it. Yeah. Were you rusty? A little. I was so tired on the Destiny when I did that hour stream on there. I was not making any sense at all. I remember that tire. Scary. It's a good tire. It was. Yeah, cuz and it's it's a it's a mentally tired, too, because when you're doing a lot of interviews, you got to like be thinking really hard to make sure you're you know, you can't redo it. So, you have to make sure that it's making sense. Yep. That's what Josh is better at. Oh, I don't like uh what do I ask? Well, I made my fair share of mistakes when I met one of the directors for one of the shows. uh he was the creative director and I called him the director and he goes, "Oh," and he was very nice about it. Oh, let's do that again. I just want to make sure we have the right title because we have this guy who's a director. I don't want to take that away from him. Was totally nice. I was like, "I'm so sorry." And he's like, "No, no, it's all good. There's a lot to remember." So, he was super nice about it, but I felt bad for getting it wrong. Uh, totally. But luckily, we weren't live, so I just did it again. Yeah, that that would count and it was fine. There you go. I thought we could show them. Probably what happened was I heard director and I just went with that. Well, your brain's already thinking about what you're going to ask them and then you almost forget. At least that's what mine does. Yeah. So then the next couple people I let them introduce themselves. That's what I ended up doing. That way I don't get it wrong. Yes. I Oh, it was the Polynesian um uh Oh, that video. Yeah, that one. I had to have him introduce himself cuz I kept forgetting and I felt Yeah. It was so fun though because a lot of the cast members that I talked to were um excited. There you go. Excited about my magnified my magnetic microphones. They were they were like, "This is so cool." Cuz I was handing it to them. So, you know, it's loud in there. So, those microphones help a lot. They're like, "This is so cool. Where'd you get these?" I was like, "Amazon." They're amazing. Yeah. Where's the ears? They're really pretty. So, that's uh um the dasher or one of the ones like one of the reindeer from the from the Christmas movie. Oh, is it? Yeah. That's good. Cuz then they called Pluto Murray. Oh my. Which is why mom and dad's dog was named Murray. I remember that. I forgot about I mean that Murray. I remember mom and dad Murray. There's that one. This is an ornament. Chip andale. And then there's one with the toy soldier. It's really, really dark. Oh, you know what? My bad. I was going to say it's really dark in here. It's cuz I got the exposure down. Well, that would be it. I fixed it. Yeah. The parks are usually busy on Thanksgiving. It is crowd in here. You want to come back later? Sure. Oh, yeah. Chloe seems to be doing okay. I saw her last night. Dad's We're talking about dad's birthday. He had his 75th birthday yesterday. We had a great day celebrating. Yep. So, he's did have a great day. And so, that was great. It was a great day. Great. It was a great great day. Oh, thanks, Nikki. I've been enjoying the cruise vlogs. Thank you. I've got the second one on the timeline, but I haven't been home at all, so I haven't gotten a chance to edit it. And they're not short vlogs. I had 2 hours and 40 minutes of footage on that one. Now, I knew I wasn't going to use it all. Like the Lion King show. I'm just going to do some clips. Yeah. And then I might just post the whole thing at some point. And then the uh the stateateroom tours, I was cutting it. I did have a little bit of time last night before I went to bed and I was cutting it um the stateroom tours down to just little like seven to 10 second clips of each room and then I posted the separate video with the full tours. I'm trying to keep it down. My goal is to get it down to an hour. I think I should be able to do it. I get that our live streams are way longer than that, but for some reason I I try to keep the vlogs under an hour. Well, I feel like people don't watch super long vlogs all the time. They had a milk and cookie milkshake back there. Oh, fun. That would be a peppermint. Yeah. You going to People mover or what? Okay, that's true. last month. There's really nothing like today and tomorrow. Nothing like today and tomorrow. That's right. Got about 20 minutes until the party starts. Should we wait just a little bit or you think we could interact? Might wait just a little bit. What's the first thing we need to go see? First thing we need to go see. Most marriious. I never remember the schedule for this one as well as I remember the uh I don't want Why did you try to sell me that? 7:40 for most marriest and then the uh parade 8:30 8:30. So we're good. So 7:30 is the first 7:40 is the first major thing. And then 8:30. Yeah. The last time I stood and waited for the break while you watched the show. Yep. I can I can switch to that or if you Oh, you're welcome, Catalina. We didn't see what was over here. They have characters here. It's a dance party. Yeah, with characters. The characters. Yeah, I saw some of them from the Well, we saw Max from the people mover that one time. Um, I was going to say, oh, they said if the vlogs are are if you feel the vlog content is interesting, make them as long as you want. Well, thank you. Yeah, we just we we notice that the views are not as good on them sometimes, so we just try to figure out how to make that better. But yes, I appreciate you guys that did watch it for sure. Yeah, those take way longer to edit than doing a live stream. like, you know, live stream is harder while you're doing a live stream. Yeah, a live stream is harder while you're doing it. The vlog takes takes longer after. And it's because with the vlog, you have to film it and edit it. And that one, the first one, I think it took me between 8 and 10 hours to edit. A long time. It's also, you know, we're doing it for Disney, so you want to make sure it's perfect. Yeah. 100. And I probably I probably am cutting some corners on it cuz I don't watch it all the way through after I'm done. And I probably should watch it all the way through when I'm done. I got you. I mean, you're supposed to. I didn't. I just kind of spot checked it. Uh, let's see. Debbie Ross Cam, $20. Josh and Jen enjoy a treat on me. Thank you so much, Debbie. Appreciate that. So yeah, I'll get the other video done soon. The second day was pretty good. I got to do we got to do um Haunted Mansion um extended tour of all the new Haunted Mansion parlor stuff. That's cool. Got to do Beacon Barrel. Um that's the new Pirates Lounge. No, it's not. No, that. Sorry. Cask and Cannon. There you go. I was like, they have the same. Nope. Caskin Cannon. Same idea. two different words, something and something else. Yeah. So, Cask and Cannon and then um then we did the Lion King show for dinner and then Hercules. So, obviously I couldn't show any Hercules, but I did get to show some of the Lion King show. Well, you got to interview some of the Hercules Hercules on Friday or not Friday, on on the last day, Wednesday. I saw your pictures anyway. Yep. Yeah. I got to put my head in the hydra. That's really cool. That was fun. and getting I will say I never dream that we get to interview the stars of the show. That was awesome. Yeah, like I said, that was one of the best events I've ever been to. Disney really was on top of it. The scheduling was great, the interviews, everything was just really like great content. So, I do hope you guys take time to watch them because after I get it all edited up, like it's I mean, I could almost go through it and just delete any of the like, you know, sometimes there's a bad take or something where I had a false start or whatever. Just deleted all the like bad takes and get it and not delete anything else and you guys would probably love it. Yeah. Like even though it was two and a half hours like a live stream. We did that with the um shark. We did. Hey, Plymouth Rock. I did delete a little bit of it. Yeah. Well, we kind of had to one of these days. So, there's about 20 minutes of footage on that Star Cruiser we didn't post. So, one of these days I told everybody I'm going to actually re I'm going to post the whole thing and actually in 4K. So, we posted Remember we we tried I couldn't get it to go in 4K. I edited that first video by the way on the laptop um that um our good friend um Robert gave us. I thought it was on your regular computer. I had to edit it on the laptop cuz I was on the Bright Line and I had all that time to do it. I thought we were talking about that Star Cruiser. Yeah. I know. Star Cruiser was Yeah. I was there. I did on the computer and then I ended up having to re-edit on my phone cuz the computer wouldn't do it. So, with the um that's when I finally decided to get a new graphics card. When the um so with the laptop that I had, it was great for everything except for when I tried to render 4K 60 video and it said it was going to take 7 hours. So, I finally ended up saying, "Okay, well, this is going to be easier." I hooked the computer, the laptop up to the Ethernet of my house, transferred the whole video and the and the files for it over to my desktop because you can just transfer the Premiere Pro files to it. So then it kept all my edits and then I but then it rendered in 30 minutes on my desktop because it, you know, it's uber Yeah. But the the laptop's great. It just it for rendering 4K 60, you kind of need like a a highowered desktop. Oh yeah, that's a part. So anyway, good. Was that one? Sure. Hello everybody. I saw you screaming. I was like good. I had to turn around first cuz we actually Thank you. We've had people in the past get on and think it's funny to be like, I'm right behind you. And then they're not actually there. Then you get paranoid, right? Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Where you guys from? Massachusetts. Nice. Where are you? Uh here in Orlando. Yeah, every Friday is and then we have a few throughout the week. That's awesome. Yeah, we have a lot of fun. Been doing it for a while, like eight years. That's great. Yeah, we get to bring them along with us. There's only a couple that you can't do without special equipment like Space Mountain can do it, but I have to switch the stream over. Hey, I can't hold anything in your hand. Hey, Mara, how are you today? Hey, I do. I forgot to bring it today, but I I do have So, I meant to because Space Mountain Christmas over next time. Hi, Tony. That's awesome. Yeah. Do you stream every time in every Friday? every Friday like a TV show. I went to like I said I'm like I got to find this guy. I went on Twitch first when I saw him and I I saw him and I was like that's awesome. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks. Thank you. Yeah, we do. It takes a while. Hi Catalina. Hey started with you know under 100 and then guys we're almost to uh Thank you. We're almost to 800 likes. Keep popping the like button. Have a good night. Thank you. Oh, broken. The belt's not working. Yep, it broken again. They said y'all need to work off these cookies that you haven't eaten yet. I guess that's You got that? Totally. Welcome in. Hey, Rosie. Hey, Ros. Karen Moren. Hello. He know. You're really working those calf muscles. Be mad if I didn't have the heavy backpack. Same seas. Same. If it was just me, myself, and I, I'd be fine. Me, myself, and I. Exactly. All right, we did it everybody. Now we can have a cookie. Good evening, Matthew. How are you today? Teresa's here. Welcome in. seated at all times keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and pages inside your body. All righty then. Happy Friday. Merry Christmas. Almost happy Thanksgiving. It's almost Thanksgiving. Less than a week away. Hi, Joy. Hey, Matt. Oh, I'm glad you like the unboxing video. Um, I did that right there on Resort TV1 Instagram. It's a real. Go check it out, guys. Go give it a like, give it a comment, all the things. I also did a couple stories. Thank you. Bye. Oh, I thought the people was stopping for a second, but it kind of did. It kind of was a little It made me a little nauseous for a second. I was like, whoa. Okay. Well, also when it's doing that, the moving belt was still moving at the same speed. God, that's why that's why it was a little weird to get off. Hello, Mr. Green. Super arms, feet, legs, and your car. We can always start celebrating my birthday. Thanks, Angela. It's less than a week away. She said, "Can we start celebrating your birthday?" I said, "Sure. You can celebrate for as long as you want. A whole week is great. I love it. It's my 27th birthday. Got to celebrate a lot. Then step into the car for your seat. All right, guys. Enjoy. Remain seated at all times. This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around Tomorrowland. Greetings intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the people move presented by Enterprise. I'm Laurak 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow. My stars is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in tomorrowland. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders. Transfer to green and red lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through. First up, Progress C. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny OAC. On your right is our traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy, except actual stars. Those are no longer sold. Attention travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. I love they started the cooking. The best tracks for speedy competition. Well, that may actually help make us a little more time to see Space Mountain. I was thinking the same thing. That's okay. Reset for a little bit for a second. Hey, Max. That's awesome, Brad. Happy early birthday. Thank you, Mega Byron. That's very kind. I did token fanboy nothing Thanksgiving, but I did get a reservation for my birthday. So, yay. Probably going to do my birthday stream on Wednesday, too. So, that'll be fun. So, stay tuned for a Wednesday birthday stream. I think Josh is Okay, cool. All right, guys. Here we go. Enjoy. Have a go for dinner before. Yeah. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Life Cycle. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. This is Starport 75 or as we locally call it space. Our highest speed rocket for distant deep space destinations. retreat in the galaxy. The coral moves of 7. Use H2O to yourself today. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. changing Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Vehicles. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. They haven't turned off the Astro Orbiter, our special symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. There it goes. Oh, wow. Right on time. Right on time. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Thanks everybody for having fun at Disney World. super right now. Attention travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. Oh, lights on. Okay, they're serious. I think they usually do turn them on. Oh, okay. Thanks, Felix. Hello. Welcome in everybody just joining us. 2600 people in the chat. Party has just started. attending people with your hands on feet and legs may occur right immediately. Great, Scott. That's funny. Maybe after this we'll go jump in line for a cookie and then uh we'll see. Speedway. Oh, I like that plan. A cookie and Speedway or Speedway and a cookie. Either way. Love that ride. All right, here we go. Heat. Heat. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life by far journey has nearly come full orbit. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're concluded, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time, now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. Today. See you in the future. They are partying over there. I could do some do with my hot chocolate. Love it. Cookie time. Cookie time. Oh, they're playing some Mariah Carey. All Christmas. I do. I remember the CD. Thank you. Please keep arms and Timmy and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and also by stepping away from the car. Thank you. You're welcome. Please keep arms and other appendages away from the doors and even platform and away. Thank you. Please keep arms and other activities away from the doors and remain seated until my favorite cookie. Um, probably like sugar cookies. I really like those. I like chocolate chip as well. Yeah. Thank you so much. A um chocolate chip. I like paper noodles. I like peanut butter. Oh my goodness. I like all cookies. I don't like if they have I'm not a big fan of cookies with nuts. Um and like coconut. Not a big fan if they have like coconut pieces in them. Other than that, I like cookies. Oh, the Santa Claus is so good. I love I want I want to watch some Christmas movies. Maybe maybe tomorrow. We'll see. Maybe maybe they're already doing those. Is this the chaa? I forget. One, two. Sit down. Uh, how many ears do I have? A lot. I have a lot. I still think we need to do a contest to guess the ears. Okay. I'll volunteer to come over and count them. Okay, sounds good. Let's do We could even count them on a live stream from your office there. Oh, we could. We could. So, we could do the contest. Uhhuh. People could put in their guesses like officially somehow. Okay. And then we could all we I could come over and make sure be easier if we're both there. Yes. Agreed. You want to just go here real quick? Sure. Or you wanted hot cocoa? I wanted the hot cocoa, but we can get we can get that red velvet. Okay. Anyway, yes, that's what we can do. I like this plan. What are we going to give away? I don't know. Okay. I got a lot We got a lot of stuff. Okay. Hello. Thank you. Perfect. I love it. Thank you. Thank you so much. All right, guys. We have not done a mail stream just because we don't have much mail right now. We don't have much mail to do a mail stream. So, once we get more, we'll do more. We probably have like three letters. Yeah. Oh, but big special shout out now that we don't have to hold the surprise to Dr. Gonzo. Yes. For sending all those discs over so we can try Oregon Trail on dad's computer. That was very nice. Yeah, that was cool to see. Well, I loaded it up and even, you know, Jenna remembers the tech, but you're not as into it as I am, which is fine. I'm not as into the shopping. Like, we're all we're all different. But like when I loaded up the Oregon Trail, she went, "Oh, I remember that." She was like right away like that's I totally remember that. I do. I do. And also the castle game. Yeah. Oh, I remember that, too. Yeah. You you I never played it, but I remember sitting by you guys while you played. You never played it? I wasn't very good at it. Oh, it frustrated me. Well, the hardest part was we back in that time we weren't used to like being attacked by an enemy and those little smiley face things come after you. They get you and you got you got to get them back. I'm not very good at that. Oh, uh, Mega Byron, we don't know. Oh, that's why we got to count the years. Anyway, I said that I got this thing. I didn't have a disc to boot it and Dr. Gonzo, hey, Michelle, he pulled out his old floppy drives and everything. He got it all fixed up so dad could have a good birthday. Yeah, it was awesome. So, big thank you. I don't know if he's watching, but that was super nice. So, that was in the mail, but obviously we didn't want to wait to show that on the mail stream because we wanted to show dad on his birthday. Exactly. Oh, and I did get a box for my birthday uh from Sean and Tasha. Um, but I'll probably open it before. I'm sure they're they usually say just open. Yeah, before a mail stream. I mean, yeah, that's what I mean. You can take pictures and then show it later. Yeah, perfect. They can remember. Hi, how are you? We're following you. There we go. All right. You want to help me for a second? Yep. Hang on. My cookies there. Got it. Okay. Okay, sounds good. Cookies. Cookies. We love cookies. Everybody say it with me. Hello. Cookies. Cookies. This one is the frosted um M&M chocolate chip. Frosted M&M chocolate chip. It's kind of a a weird combination, but it works. Here's what they have there on the board. They have a whole assembly line. They got all the the cup fillers and the Oh, that's awesome. Yeah. Good for them. Well, that'll work. I know it is. It is. Definitely. You have to I hope they're rotating. When you have to do the same thing, it's hard. It is hard. Hi. Can I do two cookies instead of cocoa? Thank you. Thank you so much. Cookies. I'm not a cocoa fan. I mean, I like it. Just doesn't like me sometimes. Depends how it's made. Yay. Hot chocolate acquired. So, we want to go towards um Speedway or do we not have time? Time. Okay. Happy holidays, guys. Thank you. Happy holidays. There's always says 20. Oh, it doesn't look like 20. Okay. Hi, Micah. Hey, live place. How are you? Welcome in. Sean, how are you? Uh, Coco and Miguel. Uh, Miguel, right? One of you is like full. Okay. Uh, Miguel is at Jollywood actually. So, no, we haven't seen him today. Anyhow, we saw him I saw him at Jollywood. Go do this. Go do the most Mariest. Okay, sounds like a plan. Watch your left right. I said left, but there was just over there. Thanks. the only one over there. I'll watch you. Attention easy drivers. To ensure your safety on the leave them out for Santa. I love that plan. With your seat belt securely fastened, keeping your Hello the dog. How are you? To make your race car. Just press your foot down on the P. Press your foot down on the P for your safety and the safety of other. Uh $10 for Hersel and Mark. Um it says, "Hi guys. Say prayers for Hersel. He got heart disease. Oh no. I'm so sorry. So sorry. I hope he's okay. Prayers for sure. For Hersel. Thanks Margie. Hi Jay and Amarie. How are you guys? No, they do not do a meet and greet here. No. Thanks for almost 900 life. Okay. Oh yeah. We did we do the teacups last time? I don't think we did. Okay. Got to do that. Yeah. Whenever you get a chance, I'll put this in my backpack. Okay. Whatever. I do want to uh I'm going to check my BRB to see if I have the Space Mountain. Remember to remain. I think I do. Seat belt. Keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the bar. And please watch your children. I like the spirit here. Yeah, the spirit's great. Check it out real quick. Thanks. Yeah, so fun. We watch him every week. Love your stream. Well, we Thank you so much. Um, The Little Mermaid is kind of hard to stream. We'll do it once in a while, but it likes to lag under the sea. We don't usually do it on I've done it too. You have to have AT&T on. Um I don't usually do it on Christmas parties though. It's not really different. But yeah, we will sometimes M&M chip. Yeah. Oh, there it is. Right there. Space Mountain Christmas overlay. Hi, Kevin. All right, there it is. Awesome. Okay, I need to add a little bit on the front of it. It just goes right into the ride. Okay. So, it'll probably like I'll probably just have it loop. Yeah. So, you'll get to ride it more than once. See if it sets the loop. Thanks, Stuart. We're getting close. We're going to ride the fun um car. What is this called? I always forget what this called, but anyway, it's themed for Christmas Speedway. That's it. It's the speedway. Greetings from Texas. hoping to move to Central Florida in about a year or so. That's amazing. Well, if you're wanting to move here to Central Florida to be closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out our awesome sponsors. Resort TV1homes.com. That's actually us, resortv1homes.com. Brokered by EXP Realy. Go over there, fill out the information form. We'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. So, if you're thinking of moving here to Central Florida, go to resortv1homes.com. Somebody said they're hoping to move here in a year. So, I talked about Resort TV Unhole. Nice. Check us out. By the way, I got to shout out our friends at Disney Streamer Network, you know, Lawrence and and all of our friends, Cory and all the um they came up with a thing where you can put a little scrolling banner on the bottom of your stream um that has all the weight times on it. Amazing. So, we're not going to do it on this, but maybe a home stream and stuff. Cool. But it looks cool. Yeah. With it a little bit. Nice. You can even put your channel logo on it. Oh, that's cool. Hi, Anthony. Thank you so much. Hi, Andrew. Hi, Bill. Oh, no worries. Alleandra, almost 1,000 likes already. Amazing, everybody. Really appreciate it. Oo, holiday creamy vanilla. Matthew, where do I get this? Uh, that sounds amazing. Matthew wants you to know there's a new holiday coke. Holiday creamy vanilla. Really? That sounds amazing. Vanilla Coke. Thank you so much, Janet. Oh, from Vincent. That's amazing. Thank you so much for the birthday wishes for me and dad. Yes. A big happy birthday to dad. His birthday was yesterday. We had a great day. Started at Cracker Barrel, Mom, Dad, and I. And then uh did a little bit of shopping around town. And then later that evening we did um Josh and Liam came over with pizza. I got a cake and Dale came over and Chloe and we all celebrated dad's birthday with pizza and cake. Yeah, it was fun. Uh okay. I want to make sure I was It was loose. Okay. There we go. Yeah. So I can just stream it. I'll just I'll bring the GoPro next time so that way I can just put it. Okay. It'll just keep looping until I get off. Sounds good. What ears am I wearing? Well, here. Let's do a selfie. I got my uh little snowman Mickey. I even brought Mickey. He's all dressed up. And I brought this for you. And this shirt is from the Christmas party. So, here's your thing. Did we stream uh the party in 2017 or did we just go for I sure I think we I don't remember. I don't either. I don't think we did. I I don't think so either. I remember for a couple years we didn't even have the pass the pass where you could get in during the holidays. You're right. Well, maybe that's how we bought one ticket then so we could at least come. I don't know. Maybe. I don't know. Somehow I got this shirt. Thanks, Brownie Brown. Thanks to Disney. Awesome. Debbie, I'll have to try it. I love vanilla Coke. So yummy. I wish they come out with a gingerbread Coke. I know. They got one here at the park. I had it last time. It was amazing. That's right, Emory. Thanks, Carell. Yep. One car. We're number two. We are number two. Oh no. Ice uh ice action. Yeah, it's delicious. You got to try it sometimes. There we go. Ready? Okay. Sorry, I'm falling over. Yay. Thank you. All right. I'm going to drive like the mailman. What's that? Drive on the right. Oh, here in the US, we don't normally do that. It's not that big cuz you had your mail back on your also that I'm pushing the gas on my left foot. That is weird. I'm not going to lie. Now, I think actually, correct me for wrong, but in the places like the UK where they drive on the right, I think they push the gas pedal on the right still like we do. Oh, yeah. Pushing the gas pedal on the left is is still kind of strange. I agree. I think you're right. And we're also there's no brake on the right. I wouldn't be able to do that. Nope. I would be like, "Nope. My brain that broken breaks my brain." Uh-huh. It's broken. Hey Robas, merry Christmas. Nope. It's playing, but you guys probably can't hear it. I'll slow down a little bit once we get in the tunnel. Okay. Hey, Rob. Yeah. So pretty. Look at that. No, no, no. Cool. I remember that. That was cool. Hey, Francis. What a fun ride at Christmas. Yeah. Let us know in the chat. Do you go look at Christmas lights with your family and your car? We always did. Yeah. Yeah. And I still do. Hey, I feel like it used to be louder. I agree. The cars are so loud. It's hard to hear. The hoy happy. Not fasting, guys. This didn't work last time either. No. Weird. If you're approaching, please uh the party goes until 12 midnight. Awesome. I thought people still did that. I know. I like it. Heat. Heat. Oh wow. Crazy. So good. Right. High end party starts officially at 7:00 p.m. and 79, but you can get in at 400 p.m. So, you get a total of 8 hours if you the whole time. Yeah. This is the only time you go to the park. Yeah. Oh, that's cool. Oh, so sorry you had to cancel your trip. That's no bueno. Got it. Yep. Okay, this is the hardest part. Hardest part. Can we get everything? Okay, we got it. Okay, cool. All right, guys. That was awesome. Always love that. Even though you can't hear the music that well, could you guys hear it at all? Let us know. Curious. Thank you. All right. Where are we heading? To the castle. Yep. Castle. Okay. And where do you want to watch or not fireworks parade? Uh, I don't know. Probably won't get something on Main Street at this. Well, we might. I'd say whichever one of us. Do you want to watch the show or hold the spot? Um, I can hold the spot. I just either way might grab I might run to the restroom before. Hi. Hi, folks. How are you? We've been following you for that long. A thank you. You matter of fact, you guys are some of the reasons we're down here. I love that. That's awesome. And may please say hello to people. Yes, of course. Hi Kayla. Miss you. Wish you were here. Hi Steph, Alex, Ryan, Alan. Awesome. I love the matching shirts. It's wonderful meeting you. You guys want to make sure we're from Cincinnati. Okay. During our winter months, you guys always give us this little bit. A I'm glad. That's awesome. Thank you so much. Thank you for watching tonight. Yeah, you guys, too. Bye. Have a good night. Hey, Sandy Panny. So, you can hear it a little bit. Okay. I asked them if they could hear the music a little bit, they said. Yeah, I don't know. So, where Okay, if I get one back by the train station, is that okay? Or do you want a view of Main Street if I can? If you can, Main Street's better, but fine. Okay. Um Okay. So, I need You want a restroom break? I do. Right there. We have five. Uh 10 minutes. Probably better just go here. I'll take them there and then you I'll get one after the after the show. Oh, yeah. You'll have to come switch me, but we can do that. Yeah. Cheshure cat. Okay, sounds good. Okay. Hi Josh. Hi. How are you? How are you? Good. Hey Pinocchio. Guys, we are almost to 1,000 likes. Keep bobbing boopping it. Did you see thousand likes coming up? Go for it. We can do it. Aw, thanks, Mega Byron. I'm glad we helped. For sure. 11 more. Hey Jay Dog, how are you? Thank you so much. Miss you guys already. Hope you're staying warm. So, is that character me? I think it's Bruno and Mirabbel. Yep, it is Bruno. Sure is. Hi, David. David Ray, how are you? This is a pretty shot and obviously a lot of people want it. Look at this line. Wow. I know that's a line. I don't think I've ever seen it that long. Yeah. True story. Living my vacation through the streams. A Well, I'm glad we're able to bring you here virtually. That's right. Yeah. Oh, I forgot your birthday is the same as mine, Pinocchio. Yes. Happy birthday. We get a Thanksgiving birthday this year. reeer. Oh, I'm sorry you're missing the party, Pam. I get it. The reason this is not too bad to get a spot for is most people are lined up for the parade. Good call show and you can actually stand in the street. Yeah, good call for this. And then they then they clear it out, of course. Oh, there's But there's room here. Oh, there's a lot of room. Okay. All right. I'm going to hand you to Josh. I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'll find a spot. Okay. Just saw the Beach Boys on Monday. It was amazing. I can hit it. I can do it. I was wondering. I just went for it. This time it's you. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. All right, 8 minutes till showtime. Thanks. Thanks, Dory. I tried. I won't do that. I won't do that all the time. Actually surprised that I hit it. That sounds pepper. I I They're so different. That's hard to compare. Those are so different. That's like That's like comparing oranges and ice cream. I like oranges. And I like ice cream. It was very different. Thanks. That was kind of funny. I like went for it and I was like, I wonder if I can hit this. Yep, there it is. Sometimes I notice my falsetto, the high voice that, you know, a lot of guys have where we can switch up into that high range. Sometimes it's gone and I don't know, as I get older, that's weird. No, I'm not going to pick Beach Boys or Beatles. Again, both amazing bands. Did you know the Beach Boys music video for Coco was filmed at Grand Fian? That's awesome. And we had John Stamos there on Monday. And of course, the very famous Full House episode was filmed partially at Grand Fian as well. Monday Epcot. Monday Epcot was so crowded. Yeah. So the um the line when I got in line for um Beach Boys, it was uh down to Norway. Now granted, that was about 10 till 5. So you're saying 1:30? That's still pretty crazy. Yeah. I don't think they do the Christmas songs on their tours. They they definitely could have, but they have such a limited amount of time. If it had been like a long concert, I think they might have. But yeah, it was it was cool to see them sing it all. What did Liam say? Liam loved it. He said it was the best day ever. Literally saw them on Sunday evening. I have a blue. Oh, yeah. Friends, in just a few minutes, the Magic Kingdom proudly presents Mickey's Most Marriiest Celebration. In order for you to fully experience tonight's presentation, the lighting around Cinderella Castle will be reduced. For your own safety and for that of others, we ask that you remain in the same location until the lighting returns to normal. Thank you. You're welcome. five minutes. So, if your vocal cords and your voice box are like any other muscle group, they atrophy if not exercise. Yeah, that's probably why cuz I haven't used the the um falsetto much. Anyway, let's see. Where are we at on sponsors? Might as well do a couple while we wait here. Uh Jennor TV1 Homes, let's talk about David's DVC rentals. If you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, definitely check out David's DVC rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. That's dvcre request.com/tv. Tell them Resort TV1 sent you. They're the best. They had helped us out with our 24-hour stream. They were pretty awesome. So, David's DVC rentals dbcrequest.com/tv. We love them. They are so good. Thanks for watching everybody. A thanks Dean. Yeah, if you want to rent that DBC room, you don't even have to be a member of DBC. You can just rent a room at DBC. You can It's a great way to try before you buy if you're like thinking about doing DBC and you're like, "Let's try a couple of the rooms. Let's just see what what it's like." Uh, it's a great way to do it. Like, of course, Disney will let you go on a tour for free, but you can actually stay in the room. So, Davis DVC rentals, dbcrequest.com/tv. And the prices are really reasonable. Elo. That's fun, too. That's funny. Carbo box. Rocking around the Christmas tree. We got 3 minutes till showtime. Someone come down. Hold on, guys. I had a little bit of lag there. Let me check the signal. May have to switch connections. We'll see. Hey, Isaac. I know. I wish they bring the kids good night back, too. Maybe they will. I don't think it would take that much. It's It's not a evening projection show. It's just audio and lights. Not really sure what's going on with that. Yeah, we got plenty of signal. Weird. Here we go. 1 minute to showtime. I got a really close view, too. I hope you enjoy Mickey's most merrier celebration. White just walked past the TV and said that's a gorgeous shot. Nice. Thank you. All right, here we go. Jesus greetings, happy holidays, and welcome to this very merry Christmas party, our most celebration. It's the most wonderful time of the year with the music and everyone telling you beyond the cheer. It's the most wonderful time of the year. It's the happiest season of all with those holiday greetings and gay happy meetings when friends come to call. It's the happiest day of all. There'll be parties for hosting marshmallows for caring down in snow. You'll be hearing those stories, tales of glory of Christmas. It's the most wonderful time of the year. There'll be much whistle to hearts will be blowing and loved ones are near. It's the most wonderful time of the year. It's to be here as friends. I am. Welcome to our most celebration. Merry Christmas. What he said? We wish you the mer. The mer. The mer. Yes. We wish you the mer. The cheer. We wish you the happiest. Happiest. The happiest. The happiest. We wish you the happest. The happiest, the happiest new year. We wish we filled with happiness for all. We hope happiness and gentleness and friendliness for all. We wish you the happest, the happiest, the happest. Yes, the happiest. We wish you the merch. It's the most merry sign of the year. Gosh, it looks a lot like Christmas with all the decorations. Uh-oh. Wait a minute. We're missing Donald. I wonder where he is. I really hope he'd be here by now. Text him. Well, he's not very techsavvy, but I'll try. This holiday, you'll be far away and I'll be all alone. So, please remember this December to fully charge your phone. I know we all should invite our friends. Where's my phone? Merry Christmas. That's a taste I'll never silly. I promise I won't fail. Facebook messages quite as sweet. I need more about you justap. It's Donald. He must have gotten my text. Hello. You're on your way and I'm over the moon. Everything's all in place. There is one thing clear. Christmas is a Christmas till you get here. There is a pretty fire place. All that I want is to see your baby. That's how you made my wish come true. Victory and those single sing you my dear Christmas season. Christmas till you get here. Merry Christmas till you get here. Merry Christmas till you get here. You finally made it. Well, we're glad you're here now. Oh, it looks like she got my text. This is going to be great. Please help me welcome my dear friend, the diva of dairy, this cow. I don't want a lot for Christmas. There is just one thing I need. I don't care about the presents underneath the Christmas tree. I just want you for my own. More than you could ever know. Make my wish come true. Sing it with me, dear. All I want for Christmas is you. Well, looking baby this Christmas wish you tonight holding on so tight. What more can I do? Oh baby, all I want for Christmas is you. You, baby. All the lights are shining so brightly everywhere. And the laughter everyone is singing out really. I don't want for Christmas. This is all I'm asking for. I want to see my baby standing right outside my door. Oh, I just want you for my own. More than you could ever know. Make a wish come true. Baby, all I want for Christmas is all I want for Christmas is you, baby. Oh my god. Sounds like a calendar. Oh boy, my friends are here. Christmas time. Glad you're here cuz it ain't Christmas without a good old ho ho ho. Just like we celebrate back home. Come on everybody, put your hands together. Christmas time. And I don't know if snow have a cup of cheer. Have a jolly Christmas and you walk down the street. Say hello to everybody. Oh, the missile waits for you. For me, have a jolly Christmas any Christmas. Take it away. We go. Ho ho ho. Here we go. All right, J. Let's see what you got. All right, let's hear that one more time. We're bells ringing joy joy Christmas time's coming. What was that? la. I see you la. Let's go to the party. Aha! The three cavaleros reunited again for the holidays. Time to celebrate. All right, amigos. Let's do this. There is love. There is love. I want to wish you a merry Christmas. I want to wish you a merry Christmas. I want to wish you a merry Christmas from the bottom of my heart. I want to wish you a merry Christmas. I want to wish you a merry Christmas. I want to wish you a merry Christmas from the bot of my heart. heart. Oh yeah. Oh, I want to wish you a merry Christmas. I want to wish you a merry Christmas. Merry Christmas from the bottom of my heart. New Zealand. Jingle bell, jingle bell, jingle Oh, what fun it is to ride one sleigh. Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all sleigh. I sure do love the sound of Christmas bells. What Christmas bells Christmas? Oops. Oh, Mickey, it's time. What's that? Oh, right. We'll be right back with a big holiday surprise. We've got our own holiday surprise. Down we go. Christmas bells are ringing. Christmasing. Joyous. Jingle ding. Christmas bells are ringing. Ring those bells. Ring those bells. Well, we were happy Christmas. I love to hear a ring. Oh ring ring ring those Christmas bells. Oh ring ring ring those Christmas bells. Christmas we need moreing jingle jingling. I love to hear our jingle. Oh my god. That was unbelievable. Santa and Mrs. Claus. Ho ho ho. Merry Christmas everyone. Here comes Santa Claus. Here comes Santa Claus right down Santa Claus and Santae. Bells are ringing. Children sing. So jump in your head tonight. Oh, I love when friends come together at Christmas time. That's what makes the holiday so special. Whether you're far apart new or visiting with old friends, wherever you find love, it feels like Christmas. It's in the scene of a corner. It's going home and getting warm by the fire. It's true wherever you are. It feels like Christmas. A reunion with a friend or a rom. The season of the heart, a special time of caring. The ways of love is the season of the spirit. The message if we hear it is make it last year. You will always remember it is the turn of the soul in December. It's when you do your best for love. It feels like Christmas. It is the season of the heart. A special time of caring. The ways are lovely. It is the season of the spirit. The message if we hear it is making it last year. to you my love. It feels like Christmas. This really has been the most fabulous celebration. And of course the holidays without all of you wish you You'll most time you can join us. Jesus greetings. Happy holidays. Merry Christmas. Thanks for coming and we'll see you soon. All right. Beautiful, beautiful show. We got to figure out how to get out of here. Go down and find good stuff. It's so hard to see after you've been staring at the bright stage. I always like have to really look down at the ground and be like, "Am I missing a curb or a step or something?" You got to be careful. You can do it. You just have to pay attention. Uh let's try this. Uh maybe got to find a spot. Get out here. Excuse me. Excuse me. Sorry. All right. There we go. That was awesome. Good show. Good show. Yeah. Hey, David. A little white Christmas is going on. Christmas in full effect here in the Magic Kingdom. Yeah, the Mickey and Minnie Santa outfits are very nice. Very pretty. I like that show. It's that show in my mind is very similar in some ways to the uh uh Holidays in Hollywood at Jollywood Nights with the Muppets. It's a great show. Uh, and it's just very classic, like, you know, classic Hollywood slash rockets, Radio City style Christmas, you know what I mean? It's just very, it's very cool that way. The the jazz orchestrations and everything are really nice. And it's all the classic Disney songs, too. And then I'm so glad they have the uh the song from the Muppets um Christmas Carol with the um Feels Like Christmas. That's one of my favorite songs. And when I first heard that in there, I loved it. And thanks again, Isaac, for doing the lyrics. I saw somebody in the chat that said they were hard of hearing and that the lyrics were really helpful. So, I hope you saw that, Isaac, cuz your work is appreciated. So, and I'm sure there's a lot more people uh that appreciate it that didn't that didn't um that didn't mention it, but I bet they do. All right. And also, Moo Moo Ria Carrie Clarabel singing singing uh All I Want for Christmas, man. It's good stuff. I know. I can't believe Thanksgiving is next Thursday. I can't believe I'm on Thanksgiving break. As of as of 4:00 this afternoon, school is out. How crazy. So, we do get a whole week off here. you know, we we we get it we take it back in or we pay for it in other ways like we we start earlier than a lot of people and um yeah, but it all works out. We still get two weeks at Christmas though. That's nice. So, I am uh very thankful for the week off cuz I love my school, but it's always good to have a little break sometimes. You know, you you get into a grind and you work hard and it's good to have a little break sometimes. Hey, Nita. Yeah, Main Street's beautiful. Always. Always at Christmas. It is. And we'll see some snow a little later, which is makes it twice as magical. All right. Sorry if there's a little bit of lag in the show. I got to switch. I guess I got to switch back to the old connection when I get up there by the castle here. It should be fine. It's just up by the castle. It's a little It's a little questionable. sometimes and it was barely really really struggling a little bit. So, but the next time we'll watch the most Mariest is at midnight. So, it should be fine for that because a lot of people will be gone at that point. Marky Mark, hello. Hey, Terry. Florida schools are unmasked. Yeah. No, we we we um we do have good schools here for sure. A lot of good teachers. We love it. Yeah, like I said, I I'm very thankful to teach where I teach, that's for sure. Oh, wow. Jenna got a good spot. Thank you. I got I got bubble attacked, but it was fun cuz then I got a happy holidays, too. makes it all better. Thank you Steph and Liam for Joshite. Nailed it. Yeah, this is great. Where nobody's at. No, this is all good. Do you need these? Yes, I do. I got my bag in your spot. We'll be right here. Awesome. Hello everybody. Hey, did you like the show? All good. All good. Awesome. I always like that show. It's fun. I It reminds me in some ways of the holidays in Hollywood. It's got that classic Christmas feel. Mhm. I love that show. Same. But they're both good. And they're both Man, I want to go back to Jollywood. I know. They both have that jazzy kind of a Radio City musical. I agree. And David said one of these days we got to come up there for Christmas and he'll take us to Radio City. That would be cool. The Christmas tree. Like we we got to do that one time. And go to Macy's. Agreed. I would like that a lot. I don't think I ever want to go to the Macy's parade. I think that'd be a little much. Uh, it would be a lot. I think see I think I'm okay seeing that on TV. Yeah, just going to Radio City, seeing the Rockhead show sometime during Christmas and seeing the tree. Yeah. At Rockefeller. That would be cool. Ice skating. Yeah. Doing some shopping. Oh, just doing the things. I didn't have to do it at the most crowded time. No, I agree. I agree. Yeah. What? You got your Figment Crocs already? That's awesome, David. Hey, cardboard box. You were delivered. Okay, good. I have not got my Crocs yet. Hey, Robert Warner. I ran out of money. Hi, Isaac. Hey, Mr. Cruz Beaver. I spent some money at the new pop-up shop, the new um blind box shop that opened at Springs today. I spent all the monies, but it was so fun. No, the Grinch is not in this parade. The Grinch is at Universal Studios, which we'll be going there sometime this season as well. Um, stay tuned. Maybe this weekend. If not on a live stream, it'll be on a vlog coming up, but probably live stream. We'll see. We'll see. Shopping after the Macy's parade. Yes, Josh has a pick. Okay, sounds good. David, we had winter already. Yes, we're done. We sent it back. No, I'm just kidding. We'll have winter again. It always gets chilly, at least at some point during the winter season. And it's still fall technically. Let's see what the temp is. Went to Macy's parade. Couldn't feel my feet, but it was great. Oh no. I understand that feeling. I have been to Chicago in the winter. It's no bueno. Um, okay. Right now it is 69°. It's going to be in the 80s all week except for my birthday. It's going to be 76 and cloudy. But at least well, it looks like it might rain a little, but hopefully not much. And then um we're going to get some rain and then it's going to go back to 80 again. So that's good. I'm okay with that. I just hope it doesn't rain on my birthday. That's true. Carver Box, thanks for,200 likes. 2,700 people here. We are waiting on the Christmas parade and it is amazing. So, you don't want to miss it. You do not want to miss this parade, guys. One of my favorites. The music is amazing. The floats are amazing. It's Nopes right here on Main Street. You're going to get to see it right here. It's awesome. Macy's parade is turkey day, but the tree isn't up yet. Lit in our color center. usually get lit first week in December. Tell you guys to come first week in December. Okay, sounds good. David, yeah, they have a whole special for the lighting of the Christmas tree, right? I usually or I used to watch it when I lived in Indiana and didn't have much to do other than, you know, go to work at home. Now we got lots to do. Happy Friday Night Live, everybody, and almost happy Thanksgiving. What are you guys doing for Thanksgiving this year? We're actually celebrating Thanksgiving slash my birthday a day ahead with the family and then Dale and I are going to celebrate my birthday on Thanksgiving. A little different this year since my birthday is on turkey day. It's all good. Yes. If you want to know more about the Give Kids a World event and Mara has the link right there to check it out. The event is coming up soon. It's going to be awesome and you don't want to miss it, guys. Magical Night of Hope is so good. Josh is going to be performing. Cory's going to be singing. Josh will be playing a saxophone. Uh Nate Py Mr. Maro will be there reading usually a Christmas book. And Dale and I um have a job. We started last year where we uh do the updates on the auction items. So, we'll be at the auction desk giving you guys updates on the things. Uh, but we got to go ice skating in front of the tree. Also, seeing the windows at Fifth Avenue is awesome. Radio City is a must. That's so cool, David. I love that. Hi, Denise. Hi, Rita. See the snowman. Going to my brother and sister-in-law's for Thanksgiving. Love it. No, R.J., I'm not going to sing, but I am going to be doing that um auction desk with Dale. Hello, Tennessee Bear. Yeah, the Christmas parties are always so fun. We've got parade, then we have a little bit of time before fireworks. So, maybe we'll go to the other side of the park and then we'll come back for fireworks and then uh we have a little bit more time after fireworks. About an hour and a half after that. Went to New York City uh the weekend after Christmas before CO was even a thing. We saw the Rockets and saw where they do the news newsies show. Oh, we loved it. Oh, that's so cool. Or New Year's Eve show. Maybe that's what you meant. Yeah. Jenning to play duck hunt with a zapper. Needs to be a video. Wait, what? What? Okay, cool. Brad, we have the same birthday. Oh, your your son and I. That's amazing. Happy early birthday, James. Wonderful Christmas. Hi, Laura. It's a great song. Yes. Do you want me to take them shopping? Yeah, for sure. Um or no? No, that's fine. What time is the uh the Jingle Bell Jingle coming? Oh, they come like through right at 8:30. Okay. Yeah, cuz it starts down there at 8:30, right? They're doing the holiday wish right now. Okay, so that's fine. And then after that is when it starts. Okay. When you get back, we'll do I want to play the um advertisements for weight times. Sure. Sounds like a plan. Stan, yeah, do some shopping. All right, back. You got it? Yep. Okay. I do have my phone, though, if you need to text me. All right, guys. Let's go look at some shops while we're waiting for the parade. Hope to meet you when I go to Disney next month. That would be amazing. Definitely come say hi. Wouldn't even rain on your birthday parade. Not a chance. No, not a chance. I wish, Felix. I wish there wasn't a chance, but there is. We live in Florida. It's okay, though. But it's a smaller chance than it was, so I'm happy with that. Man, they got a ton of these now. And a ton of the silver ones. Shopping time. Shopping time. I really like this backpack. I already have a Peter Pan one, though, and I love it. Here it is. It's one that dad got me. You got one for me and mom. You surprised us. Oh, they're on sale. $60 with any purchase, just like the Ollie um ones were on sale for Dollywood the other night. I don't need it though. But it is really cute. It's kind of heavy. Ding dong, ding dong. Christmas bells are ringing. Oh, here's those shirts that were like flying off the shelf on the first day of the Christmas party. They're really cute. But the designs on the back again. $44.99. I like the design on the front. Just Just my opinion cuz I wear backpacks. And then you can't see anything. Oh my word, these are adorable. I might need these. I love pearls. I mean, they're fake obviously, but Those are really pretty. Parade starts at 8:30 down in Frontier Land. Um, these are pretty, too. Oh my goodness. They have ears for each princess. Oh my goodness. So, we got Cinderella. Is that Belle? Wait, no, that's Tiana. Ariel. My fave. This is Belle, I think. Okay, that's cool. Oh, I thought this was Duffy for a second. I was about to freak out. I love Duffy. These are Oh my word, they've gotten so many new jewelry. Mini bow joining late. Mick says I had to have a thyroid biopsy. Oh no. Oh, I hope I hope everything's okay. Oh my word. I also love this so much. Too many things. Ah, cool, Shaggy. Well, I'm glad it looks good on the big TV. About to get it, but it's not Duffy. Yeah, it's not Duffy. I do love Duffy, but they have some really cute cute things always. What's this one? Oh, these are fun. Hey, what else we got here? We're going on a We're going exploring. Let's go explore. Explore. Explore. Let's go explore the big blue world. Can't explore our Nemo. You guys know what what ride I'm quoting? I'm sure you do. Here's the Christmas section. Oh, all the Christmas stuff. T-shirts, party. No more buying stuff till you get the figgy crocs. I don't think I can afford those, David. They're really cute though. They're really cute. Maybe when they go on sale. Feel like they open this up a little bit, which is good cuz it can be a little packed in here sometimes. Christmas party. I did really like the Christmas party mug, but I don't know if it's dishwasher safe. 1999. Whoopsie. Keep looking to see if it's dishwasher safe, but I cannot tell cuz they covered it up with the tag. Here's the spirit jersey. I do love that a lot. There's $79.99, but I don't need it. I don't need it. Like this one, too. I just love Christmas mugs. What size shirt do I wear? I either wear a small or an extra small. Just depends on the fit. Small to be safe. Small. These are really cute, too, aren't they? Hi, Leo. Hi, Josh and Jenna. I just got back Tuesday night. Had to spend one night at St. Justice's Hospital. I have my hernia surgery. Oh no, Mary. I hope everything's okay. Parade starts at 8:30 in Frontier Land. Frontier Land. It starts at 8:30. I was going to wear my Stitch. I have a stitch Santa hat that mom and dad got me in Disneyland Paris one year when they went, but it was a little warm for that today. Starting to cool off though. I absolutely love these jammies. Christmas jammies. If they had doggy ones and um guy jammies to match these, I would get some from me, Dale, and Chloe. But they do not. They're really soft. That's what I was thinking, Leslie. It does have gold on it. So, it probably can't go in the microwave, but can it go in the dishwasher is the question of the night. I really do like these adorables. They're so so adorable. These are the ride vehicle ones. Oh, good. Mary, I'm glad. I better hurry. What am I hurrying for? It starts at 8:30 in Frontier Land. We're all good here. Oh, guys, they have a deal on these. They're only $15. I bought it for full price. W You think we need Stitchy onesies? Well, Chloe already has a Stitchy um outfit, so that would actually work perfectly. She has Stitchy Jammies. It's chilly in this shop. All right, guys. Let's head out of here. See what's going on on Main Street cuz it's really cold in here. Just you're doing it again. I'm making spend money. Spend all the things. Come to my house. You know, Nita, it's hard not to want all the things, isn't it? I love this song. So good. I want to go watch that. I need to make a list of all the Christmas stuff I want to watch. Uh like Christmas shows and movies and things. Let's go out to the street now. Charlie Brown would love Mickey's party. Mickey's Christmas party. Kids got their bubble wands making it look like it's snowing. Your birthday's on Thanksgiving. That's awesome. James, happy birthday. The bubbles. Hi. How are you? Good. I literally watch you every day. A thank you. You guys look so cute. Love the outfit. I'll take it. Yeah. Okay. I do. I met Josh last year for the Christmas like New Year's. Okay. Awesome. Thank you so much. Thanks for watching, guys. Enjoy the parade. I'm going to go find Josh cuz it looks like it's getting a little squishier over there. But make sure he's all good to go. Oh, I've not seen the Muppet uh Christmas spirit jersey for the Christmas Carol. I think I heard it's only in the UK, but I could be wrong. Hi. Um, I should I take them some more or should we just hang out? We can hang out. The Pringle crew will be here soon. I guess in a few minutes together. Are they pumping in the music for the show back here? Yep. Huh. Hi, Dan. Yeah, I've been hearing it the whole time. You always wait until Thanksgiving night to watch Olaf's Frozen Adventure. I love that, R.J. Um, on my birthday when we lived at home, every time in the evening, mom and dad would be like, "What do you want to do?" I'm like, "I want Pizza Hut and I want to watch Muppets Christmas Carol." Do you remember that? Yeah. So fun. Pizza Hut. Pizza Hut. Pizza back in the day. Oh, yeah. I still like Pizza Hut. It's not bad. It used to be bad. Yeah. Together. Me too, David. So good. Feel like I said that about like lots of food. McDonald's used to be better, too. True. Yeah. I can't eat that anymore. Gives me the worst harbor. Yeah. $4.99 from Dan. It's free, man. Thank you so much, Dan. I don't see a message, but thank you for the super chat. Hey, MDF. Hey, Christopher. Did you see the kids having a bubble party out there? That was really cute. Yeah. No, they got me. Did they get you? They said, "Happy holidays." A cute stuff smells like peppermint. It does, but it's very fun. Oh, Mark. I get that. I love the lasers. That's right. Carver box. Ahoy happy lids, everybody. Aoy happy lids. He said it. Oh, Leslie. Thank you. Who's Oh, Dan says forgot to write a message. to say, "Hey guys, hope you're having fun with the Christmas party. Just got back from Disneyland. A lot of fun." A, that's awesome. Dan, love Disneyland. I wish I could go at the holidays sometime. Thank you for the $4.99 super chat. I think it was $4.99. Anyway, thanks for the super chat. Thank you. Hi, Kristen. I love that. That's so fun. When we're together, Wow. Get Get lost, little Jack Ross. You're looking forward to new Stranger Things. I never watched Stranger Things. A lot of people love it. It was set in um a fake town in Indiana. Hawkins, Indiana, right? Or is that a real town? Is Hawkins a real town? Hawkins, Indiana. I think it's fake. Hawkins. Hawkins. H A W K I N S. I don't know. Stranger Things. Is it You let us know. It's not real. Okay. I didn't think so. A lot of places like that that are fake. Like Yeah. Where they have I figured. What's the one? Oh, um the place in uh on the middle that show that was not a real town either. That's not a real town. I love that show. What was the other one? Um Oh, Cooko. The only Cookamo is in Indiana. Really? There's no Cookamo? There is no Cooko Island. What? It is not in the Florida Keys. It does not exist. Well, I knew there was one in Indiana, but I thought there was one in the Keys, too. Way down in Coco. That's hilarious. That's so funny. Yeah, I didn't think it was either, but I wasn't sure. I believe in the movie Hoosiers that's about the basketball team in Milan, Indiana. And that's a real town. Miland. Okay. Milin. Never heard of it. M I L A N. Mil. Mil. Okay. It's probably like Milan, but you know, they say Milin. It's Indiana. Milin. Oh, got you. Okay. David just said Hickory from Hooers isn't a real town. It was based on Milin, Indiana. Oh, okay. It's based on Milin. Okay. It's spelled the same as Milan. It sure is. Uh, where is it? Right there over by Cincinnati. Okay. That's why we didn't know. We didn't live over there. We didn't go over that way. Yeah. Uh, Robert says, "Sorry, Josh, but there is a private island near Fiji named Cooko." Robert Warner said that. Interesting. I didn't know. Oh, well, last time I searched there wasn't. Okay. Definitely not in the Florida Keys, though. Uh-huh. There's a mile in Michigan, too. Nice. Thanks for 1300 likes. Keep bubba bubba in the like button. Okay, there it is. Got it. The name Cooko was originally fictional in Beach Boy song, but after its release, several real world places were named Cooko in its honor. Okay. Okay. The island in Fiji opened in 2013, but it's not in the Florida Keys. Okay. Cuz in the uh in the song, it's off the Florida Keys. Yep. You're right. Uh David, so correction, when they made the song at the same time, are you surprised? No. David said, "Of course, we said the same thing at the same time." We're not surprised. Do you see the block? You're in front of the confectionary. Awesome. Hello. Hello. Um, all right. Let's pick up our bags here. Are you going to stand there? I'll give this to you once you get your bag and then I'll take it back. Get my bag situated. There is a Milan in in Italy. Yes. True story. I've never been, but I've heard Okay. That is there. Do you want me to do the parade or you do the parade? What did we do last time? I do the parade and you do the fireworks, but I really don't like I'd like to I'd like uh this will be the only other time I have a chance for you to do the fireworks. So, I'd like to I'll do the parade popping in to say hello. Thank you for being a part of my postpartum journey. Your live streams help so much and relax me when it's been a tough day like today. A thanks. The churros that we're munching on. That's awesome, David. Who said Joe? David did. It's like that time China named the city USA and then everything there was branded as made in the USA. Okay, that's actually quite clever. That's funny. Here, I can take it until it starts. Okay. Hello everybody. Oh, that's so cool. In Indiana, they have uh Versailles, which is spelled like Versailles. Yep. Versail. If you say Versales, if you say Versailles, they're like, "No, we don't know. That's not it. That's not a town. It's like Milin. Milin." Yes. Well, I think there's a Mexico in Indiana as well. A town called Mexico. Cuz I was driving. I was like, "Wait, Mexico? Where am I? I'm lost. I'm lost." Stay here. Take a picture right there. Jenna's eagle ears. Churros. Yes. Who said churros? I love churros. Want to take a picture? New Mexico was named after the TV show. True or coincidence? Here come the Gringle crew. I hear them. I see them. Oh, good. There's a Milan, Missouri or my land. Here they go. All right, get ready to dance. This is a catchy song. $1.99 from Jasmine. Happy early birthday. A thanks Jasmine. Thank you so much for the birthday wishes in the $1.99 super chat. So sweet. Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary. I feel short cuz my my ramp my ramp is downhill. Your your ramp is shorter. The road goes down. It slopes. That's the word I'm looking for. Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary. Everybody sing. Fall down from your own breath. Wow, David. I know. Where does the time go? Thank you so much. That's true. Milan in Italy is one of the most famous fashion areas. Snow. Oh, there it goes. Yay. Snoop is here. I love Snoop. It's not going on this side of the street. Oh, yeah, it is. I can barely see it. Hey, maybe not. No, maybe not. I can't. It's not. Okay, working on one side. If it is, it's very light. Oh yeah. No, it is. It is. It's just hard to see. Yeah. Here, I'll let you show them. That might get a better view. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Christmas is coming up and I just want you to tell me. I just want somebody They got her head wishes I miss you la I just want you by my side. This season Christmas awesome. This is Commander Crimble from elf unit fairy Mary. My cradle crew is mobilizing to sing, dance, and party with all of you. Criminal crew, move out and commence operation merry and bright. All right, troops. Ho ho ho. Everyone stand up. Time boy. Here we go. Execute here. The man in the air cate. started just come here to main street. True. Jingle bells ready. Jingle bells, jingle bells. Now, hands up in the air to execute the winter and the send all the way down. Heat. Heat. All the lights are coming. Yeah. Heat. Got away. Heat. Heat. you a happy holiday and we wish you a merry Christmas. We wish you a merry Christmas. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. watching that They used to keep the snow gone until the parade started. Maybe. Maybe. I'll let you hold it for a minute and then I'll start for the parade. Hi everybody. How's it going? Oh yeah. Isn't it good? I love the music. Snoop juice shortage. That's funny. Hi, Mike. How are you? I kind of like that. Your males dancing at home to this amazing music. Smart not to dance to. Not true, Nita. very much. Oh, hi David. Welcome in. I'm so glad you're here. Oh, yeah. Hi, David. How's it going? Welcome in. Hi Blair. How are you? I think it all gets washed. Thanks for 1300 likes. Let's see if we can get some more likes. Um, let's do a rapid fire bop. If you guys have never done that before, all you have to do if you haven't liked or hit the like button, close out of the chat, find the thumbs up, and bop it. You can only bop it once cuz if you bop it twice, it takes it away. You guys ready? Are you set? Rapid fire. The like button and subscribe if you're new. I got here about what was it about 7:30? 7? Yeah, it was probably 7:30 I got here. Hi Pamela. So over an hour. Been waiting here. Something like that. Whenever Josh went up to show the show. Hey. Yes. Show the show. You did it. Thanks guys. Mom and dad wait for school to start again. Hi Carolyn, how are you? I love this party too. Oh man, that's a lot of bubbles. They are just running right into us. Hi Patrick. Good evening. Just in time for the parade. That's right. Share us out. Share us out to all your family, all your friends. Anybody wants to see the Christmas parade? It's coming up. I don't remember my kids. Jingle bell, jingle bell, jingle bell, jingle bell. Can you guys sing this too? It is a great parade. I agree. That's true, Carlo Box. That's true. Thank you. Lights. This song. This is one of the songs that they dance to. Sad. Super sad. I miss those. Hey, Jessica George. I I'd say was there a year I can't remember. Anybody in the chat know. Was there a year that they had Osborne lights and the lights of winter at Epcot? Did they ever do those both at the same time? Great question. I don't know the answer. Yeah. Do you guys know? If they did, that would be that would have been peak holidays at Disney. Hi, Kennedy. It was Those were both amazing. Yes. Osborne and Lights were at Hollywood Studio. Yes. No. Yeah, they were at Hollywood. Joshua, what were they called at Epcot? The Lights of Winter at Epcot. I'm just saying, were they ever It was like a tunnel of lights. I don't think they knew what it was. Yeah. Did they ever happen at the same time? Yeah. Not in the same park, but just at the same time. Yeah. Oh, look it up. There you go. They were super cool. Yeah, it was like a tunnel of lights on the bridge from Future World over to World Showcase all the way to 2008. Yeah, they did happen. Wow, nice. Okay, is everybody running through the airport right now? Alone. Run to run reindeer always think of home alone 95 through 2015. Yeah. So for several years they had them together. Okay. Somebody said they remember seeing them both in uh back in 2005. Yeah. So up until 2008 you could see them. Nice. Together. Okay. Hello from Connecticut. Hello. My daughter TA says hi. Hi TA. So here this is the lights of winter. This is what they look like and they were amazing. I mean, they played music and danced as well, right? Yes. I actually heard they didn't want to get rid of them, but they did. They broke in storage. They were just too complex. That's what I heard. So, it wasn't intentional. So, can we get more? Can we get more? Yeah. We'll just You just, you know, make more, please. That Yeah, please. We would love that. Well, it went with the fountain, too. I remember being so impressed. 9596 we went down there. It was our first time seeing it at Christmas. Yep. I remember that. And the lights and the fountain danced to the same music. Oh, I don't remember that. It was awesome. Age of Retro, congrats on 25 months of reserve copper bronze. Thanks for the stream. We love the parade. Thanks for being a member for 25 months. Here it comes. Yay. Josh can see it. Oh, you're welcome, Kennedy. David remembers those. I love Mickey's very me too, Nina. Got it. Or you want to keep it? Yeah, we're ready. Okay. Josh is ready for the parade. Here we go. All right, guys. Enjoy the parade. It's coming. I see it. We need lights of Winter Castle Dream Lights and Osborne lights. I know. And then the other thing at Epcot, they used to use these giant poinsetta trees. Yes, they still have those sometimes. Yes, they do sometimes. Maybe they'll have them back. It was a while they didn't have them, so maybe they brought them back. Yeah, I thought they were there last year. They have been increasing the decorations a little more lately, so we'll see what happens. Castle lights. I know, David. Me, too. And the overlay of Amanda has already started. Oh, really? Cuz on Tuesday it wasn't started yet. They said I may have to go tomorrow and check it out then. Here we go, guys. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, thanks Wendy. That's awesome. 24 months of Rosa Bronze. Happy birthday, Jenna. Merry Christmas. Your older streams have been recommended. That's awesome, Wendy. All right, enjoy the show, everybody. Heat. Heat. and all of their friends to celebrate the most wonderful time of the year as magic presents once a Christmas time Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Isn't this fun? All of our friends are here and everybody's having a great time. Christmas tree. Don't you just Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Everyone happy birthday to happy. You have to guess for that time of day. Look at all the lights and the people of every single giant shape of Norway. Wingle bell jingle bell. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. sugar again. Want to hear a secret? I already dashed away a whole video to share with Ch. But don't tell him that. Merry Christmas. Happy holiday. So much more. Merry Christmas. Hello everyone. Meat. Everybody got treats for everyone. Candy, candy, candy. Peppermint wings, peppermint sticks. We make it all sweets for your sweet tooth. In the dark candy. Yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. A Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Love is all around the rest of the holidays. I do some love a fairy tale Christmas time. Happy holidays. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Hello everyone. Merry Christmas and happy holidays to you all. Ho ho ho. Come on here. Oh yeah, no problem. Very good. And the snow is snoping. And now we can stand in the middle here for a minute. Well, back here. Maybe it's safe. Where's the pooper scoop after the reindeer? Good, good question. What's that? This is uh Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra. I was looking at your name like It does a good job. Oh, thank you. Bye. All right. Uh, not forward. We need we need uh snacks. Okay. Yeah. I think we just have to go forward. Okay. Yeah. Ready? Set. We're not going. Thanks for being here, guys. Subscribe if you're new. I'm so excited. If you're enjoying the stream, you enjoy the parades. We got fireworks coming up at 10 o'clock, so don't miss it. Don't have a new thanks. I'll get it here in just a second. Bye. Thanks. Nice to see you again. Here we go, guys. End of the show. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. There you go. You got the very end. I did. I like the end. It's actually a very uh It reminds me of the end of um Sorcery in the Sky fireworks. Oh, that's I was just thinking like there's a really high like a high like note at the end there and it was very similar. That was all right. Yes, it was a very good event and it is I believe that is the longest parade that Disney does now. Um yeah, one of the cast members are telling us Yeah. All right. So, I believe they they um it stretched not quite the whole length of the park, but pretty darn close. Yeah. Once once the ver once the banner hit here, just by estimating, I believe the Santa was the last part of the parade. Yeah. He was in still in Frontier Land. He wasn't at the starting line, but he was still in Frontier Land. So, it stretches almost the whole park. It really is the longest parade. It's an amazing parade, too. like, "Hey, Dad." Yeah. Such a great parade. Everybody wish dad a happy birthday. Jingle bell time. Okay. Time for cookies and hot chocolate. Yeah. Um I would love a gingerbread one. All right. Well, I would like a hot hot cocoa and hot cocoa cookie. All right. To the left. Actually, I may give it to you cuz I'm going to try this marshmallow thing. Yeah. Cuz last time it got in my backpack and then it got ruined and I never got to try it. Sad. like it just got smashed and I wasn't sure if it was any good or not. Oh, sure. It's fine if it's just smashed, but eat it. I love marshmallow world. It's so good. Thanks for joining us. And we saw saw 3100 during the parade. That's pretty good. Yes, that was good. Yeah. Um, if you're new, hit the subscribe button. Fireworks are at 10. Yes, I hear them at I hear them at my house. They're so loud. I know. Me, too. Last night, I could hear them. Could hear them going off. Yeah. Marshmallow world. You're going to eat a marshmallow in the marshmallow world. Marshmallow. Coincidence? I think not. So good. So good. Whenever it snows. Oh my goodness. Delicious. Oh yeah. It's like peppermint but and chocolate and marshmallow. Correct. Who did buy the peppermint? The marshmallow goes together. But it does. It sure does. Especially with chocolate. It's a marshmallow world. All right, guys. We're going to head this direction cuz we haven't been to this side of the park yet. You press the like button. Thank you. Everybody's wishing dad a happy happy birthday. So awesome. Yep. That's Muian. Mui buen. Love it. Hi, Mr. Carrie Small. How are you today? The bubbles do smell like peppermint. Yeah, it's pretty cool. I So, it gives me this nice memory when I was a kid, Josh. Well, when we were both kids. You were a kid. When I was a kid. Um, that's true. Yeah. Do you remember these peppermint? They look like or sorry, candy cane. It looked like a candy cane, but it was a writing pen. Mom and dad gave it to us. And when you would write with it, it smelled like peppermint. Yes, I remember that. That's what those bubble wands smell like to me. They have the same peppermint. It took me right back to writing with that candy king pen. Agreed. That was That was a thing. Right. Do you remember that those pens that you got us, Dad? I do remember the Mom and Dad got us those one year. It was cool. Yeah. Dad said it was a great birthday. So thankful. Hey, there's mom, too. Hi, Mom. Do you remember those candy cane pens, Mom? Those were super cool. La, don't go anywhere, guys. We're going to go get some treats, some yummies. What? Allowed. What? Trolling the Utah carol. Oh, yes, of course. The Utah carol. That's it. Or trolling. Well, trolls in Norway. Yeah, those two. That's it. Fil la. You had those two? Amazing. Uh, you had no idea we were related. No way. Well, I met Josh after I was born. That means he's older. I mean, technically, I met you. You probably weren't quite aware of it. Although, I probably wasn't either. I was only one and a half. I was going to say we were both probably not aware. Is Dale here? Dale. Hi, Dale. I missed it. You don't remember it, Dad? No worries. I remembered it. Remember what the pins? Yeah. Oh, is this the line for the Oh, okay. We'll come back to that one. Yeah, let's try the other one. That is really long. That's my gingerbread though. I got to come back. Hello, Michelle. So much fun. Oh, I'm glad you're having fun with us tonight. Resort budgeting. did a TTA ride a little bit earlier, so if you missed it, you can rewind. Maybe we'll do another one later. But we don't have much time before fireworks, so we're going to go get some treats, explore a little bit more of the park. Follow me. We're just There's a lot of people. So, you both weren't aware when Oh, cardboard box. Well, we are brother and sisters, so no. He said you weren't aware when you got married. No, because we didn't. That's true. Josh is married to Steph, his wife, and I'm married to Dale, my husband. Josh is my brother. I don't know where I'm going. This is crazy. Bananas. I know, right? I thought maybe they'd moved, but they just we gave a little push. This is crazy. All right, there we go. I can breathe a little bit now. Yeah, it was like really crowded and there was like a group of four people just standing in the road. The cast member told him to move. Got got to move. It's a busy busy place. Yes, sir. Oh, Christmas tree. Watch out. Christmas tree, guys. Um, we're seeing Oh, Christmas tree. Who's ready? Our band director, Mr. Dhy, who passed away, but he used to say, "It's a slow world, but you got to move." Yeah, I don't remember that. Good memory. That is one of the quotes that I remember. Gotcha. Uh, let's see. Scott, congrats on 22 months of hot silver. Hey, Josh and Jenna. Uh, haven't caught a lot of lives lately, but definitely watching videos. Uh, caught the end of the parade and so happy to say hello. Happy birthday to dad. Thank you. Thanks for being a member for 22 months. And we got a $10 super chat from Tor Tori uh Resort TV getting me through my law assessment on a Friday night in Scotland at 2:20 a.m. Oh my goodness. Well, good luck to you. That is amazing. Thanks for the super chat. They said, uh, love you guys. Thank you so much. Thanks. And we have one from 88 NYC that I keep forgetting to bring. I wouldn't leave. I will look that up. And Mara posted it, but then it was like trying to hear the end music. $5 from Mike says, "Merry Friday to you both. A little more for cookies, cocoa, snacks, or just magic and fun." Thanks. A thank you, Mike. Thank you so much to Mike. And is it tor there's a T in there? Tort. Thank you so much, guys. And good luck to you on your test. Yeah. 2:20 a.m. That That's probably when we'll get to bed tonight. Usually on a party night, it's 2:33 a.m. Oh. Yeah. It's very late. Uh-huh. Worth it. It is very busy. And a bunch of people left, too. So busy. Maybe they know that. They know some people are just going to leave the parade. Yeah, maybe. It's an expensive parade, man. It's totally expensive. All right. Well, the next one is over here in Tortuga, and that's where we're going to get the hot cocoa cookie. At least that's where it was last time. Did you see that? Oh, mom remembers the peppermint pens. Oh, that's awesome, Mom. I love it. Yeah, those were good. I love those pens. And that smell brought me right back to writing with those pens. Yeah. I wonder if they still make those. Maybe. I kind of want one. If anybody knows where I can get one, I'm going to look them up on Amazon. Probably Amazon. Yep. I love Amazon. You know who else loves Amazon? Who? Your son. He He told me. Liam's like, "I love Amazon." What? There's That's them. Says scented. Here you go. Oh my goodness, you guys. I need this in my life. Can you just get one or do you have to get a whole bunch? Uh, I don't know. Okay. Well, either way, 25 pack for $14. Okay. I don't need a 25 pack. I think they were a little more expensive back in the day. Yeah. Like, you know, like you couldn't buy a 25 pack. Yeah. You only bought like five. You also didn't get them on Amazon cuz that wasn't a thing. No. Holy moly. The lines are long tonight. Probably a good thing. True. Amazon's not necessarily always a good thing. It is not. It makes it is kind of making malls disappear, which is kind of sad. It is. It is. I agree. I do love that the malls here are still exist and they're still busy. Mom and I went to the mall on Tuesday and it was it was fairly busy. Uhhuh. Florida mall. I wanted to go to that new PopMart store. Okay. And I had to return something so mom and I went. Ready? Ready. Aim. Pivot. Your turn. Pivot. Popcorn. You equate Amazon to Santa's workshop this time of year. Yeah. Hi, Susan. You're so welcome. Those are cute, right? I was looking at Best Buy sent me all the Black Friday TV deals and stuff. TVs are the only thing that don't inflate. Oh, yeah. How much? They were showing like there was a Facebook post and it's really true. Showing like a TV at Best Buy from 1995 and it's like 3.95 for like a 27in TV. Okay. Okay. And then they were showing an ad with a 65 in 4K TV for like 300. Like less money. What? But think about it. Everything else has gone up, but TVs have not. That doesn't make any sense to me. And for a much much much better TV, too. A much much much better. I mean, the technology has gotten better, but you'd think that the price would inflate, and it hasn't, which is cool. So, TVs are one thing that's going cuz I remember we bought our first back in 2008. We bought our first like HD like 1080p, whatever. It was like $1,500. You know why? It's probably easier to make that technology than it was back in the day. Probably is. But still, I'm just surprised those deals are crazy. Like you can get a if you don't care about the brand, you can get like a 65 in for like $200, 250. It's it's insane. We we were at Sam's the other day and yeah, they had some really good deals on a Samsung. Well, we we have a TV from the TV from 2008. And on principle, I won't I won't uh replace it until it stops working cuz it still works. That's amazing. We have a pretty old TV, too. But and we bought a nice one cuz we knew we're going to keep it for us. We bought a Samsung and it's a good one. And we just keep it. Yeah, I think ours is a Samsung as well. Yep. As long as it works, right? Hey, Evangel. It does put out more heat than the than the new ones. I think that's the only downside. That is a downside. Yes. Hi. Can I have two? Oh, thank you so much. Yay. Hot coco. Hot coco cookies. And then hot um hot cocoa and hot cocoa cookie. Right. Yes. I tried this the other day. So good. So good. All right. It does go by so fast. There's just so many things you want to do, so many movies you want to watch, and there cookies you need to bake, and all the things you need to wrap and buy, and it just goes too fast. I agree. Which way we heading? I don't care. Okay. Is there anything over there that we need to go? There's nothing in Liberty Square, is there? Um, it's in Gaston's Tavern. There's nothing in Frontier Land. Oh, that's weird. I guess not. Nothing by There's nothing over there. I don't think so. Oh, that's it. I think this is the last one back there. I think you're right. And there's Yeah, there's um Gastons. And then there's the gingerbread. The gingerbread, which I need. And then the pretzel circus. Mhm. I need a couple. I love me some pretzels. Nice to meet you. $5 from Craig. Uh, happy Friday, Jenna and Josh. We're heading down for all the Christmas parties on December 1st. Contemporary will be hosting us. That's amazing. Thank you so much, Craig. The $5 super chat. I hope you have an amazing time while you're here. Where's uh I heard they've got the castle lights on the contemporary thing. Oh, the gingerbread castle. It's got lights on it like Okay, that's cool. I want to go see that. If they ever put the lights back on the castle, people will freak out. Oh my word. This place will be mobbed. It will be amazing though if they ever do. I know all the reasons why not. But I also know when I look at it, I know like how how uh pretty it could be, beautiful, and you look at it and you're just like all the reasons not to. And then you're like, but no, look, it's literally breathtaking. If you guys have never seen it, it is breathtaking. Then you look at it, you just like all the reasons not to do it go away. They sure do. Doesn't matter. Hello, Adventures. How are you guys? Beacon Barrel do not Well, they do have cookies. You just have to get a reservation and buy them. Actually, they're more like cake pops. They don't have the free cookies, I should say, or the included cookies. Hi everybody. It's Aladdin. Oh, hi Aladdin. Thanks for saying hello. Yeah. Oh, pizza sounds good. All right, we're going to go see about the gingerbread cookie now and then um we have 30 minutes. Should we get a spot or should we keep strolling after the gingerbread? Stroll a little bit but maybe go a little earlier than last time. I agree. We had a pretty good spot. Yeah, we did. Last time was also opening night, but it is sold out tonight, too. So, it shouldn't be any different. Sold out every night. Yeah, every single night. Depends on how many people leave. True story. Um, Carour Box, congrats on 25 months of Resort Hopper bronze plus 25 months of greatness. Aw, thank you so much, Carbox, for being a member for 25 months. I feel like they're only they're only filling up the hot chocolate like halfway. Oh, for sure. Adventure release. Are they really? Yeah. It's not. And the cups are little to begin with. Yeah. Well, they're kind of like regularized coffee cups, but they're not full. Uh-huh. Well, like not even like like 3/4 full. It's like an espresso cup. They're two/3. Yeah. Now they're half like even last like like two weeks ago. Oh, really? Interesting. Okay. More full. Fuller. There we go. Fullerist. To the fullerist. So, we're going to see how long this line is now. Everybody's wanting their gingerbread cookies. Yeah, I do like the apple cider, too. It's pretty delish. It's still going down this way. All right, I'm going to hop in. Where is the end of it? Right here. I think this is it. right here. Okay, we found it. Do you mind taking it while I put these away so I can get more? Put these away so I can get more. Yep. I I remember the New Year's party for sure. We're going to be doing it again this year. Oh, yeah. You saw the Christmas lights on the castle. So pretty. It made me cry. Yeah. It's Oh, good. The dream lights, I'm telling you. I know that was supposed to be for a limited time, but man, they put them back up. It's a winner. Winner winner chicken dinner. It's a winner. like the best gingerbread. They're not like overly gingery. You're very welcome. Mangle 777 for the holiday videos. Also, I saw Dr. Gonzo in here earlier and he said um how he said, "Why doesn't the um the the pooper scooper for the Cinderella horses get the same fanfare as the Headless Horseman one does?" Good point. I think the I think the problem is there's a whole like show and music going on. Yeah. And the one for the Headless Horseman I felt like is further back away and then the one for these is like right right there. Yeah. There's no really time to react. But no, I get what you're saying. during the parade. Yeah, that's that's why because there's no music going on. Oh, thanks Mickey mom Jen. Yeah, the dream lights are great. Resort TV1 mom is looking at those pins online. Okay, cool. They're fun. Thank you. All right. I lava you lava. Lava has the eggnog, which I'm not. Do what now? No eggnog. Nope. Thank you. Got it. Yep. That way. Okay. I think if we get some uh pretzels, then we can go back and find a find a uh firework spot. Probably. I know. Yeah, we have 25 minutes. Or we could go right after. It's okay, too. I don't care. I just don't want to miss the No, for sure. Me either. But if you think we can make it, are they doing another show in the castle? I hear something. Sounds like it. Okay, let's see. We talked about Resort TV1 Homes. Did we talk about David's? Yes, I did. Okay. Um, what else we got here? You did Oh, did you do weight signs? Nope. You were going to do the video, correct? Yes. Or we'll do that. do it later. Well, then we can we can talk about though real quick. Um, if you want to do the regular one, finish the regular ones, we can do Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified. Yeah. So, guys, check out Behind the Ride in Disney Demystified. These are books on Amazon by David Mower. Um, you can get the audio book of Disney Demystified. You can also get the ebook or the hardcover copy book, any of those on Amazon. So, go check out those awesome books. can get them as presents and you know stocking stuffers and all the things. Again, Disney demystified. Impress your friends with your Disney knowledge and behind the ride will explain how your favorite rides were created. Go check them out, everybody. All right. Let's do it. Trad, you think? Okay. Yeah, sounds good. See, Dad. I want to wish you a merry Christmas. I want to wish you a merry Christmas. Everybody sing it at home. Wish you a merry Christmas of my heart. I want to wish you a merry Christmas. I want to wish you. They do um your magic pluses do activate the gold statues. Yes. Yeah. Really hard to see. We can head back. All right, we found it. Okay, hang on, guys. I will read the super or the Congrats Kimberly. Congrats on 24 months of Resort Hopper Silver 2 years. Merry Christmas Josh and Jenna. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Thank you Kimberly for being a member for 2 years. That is amazing. I love how Pluto barks every time the door opens. I know. Me too. It's the cutest thing ever. Also, um some people, a couple people didn't like the texting song. I still think it's cute. I love it. Texting. about it, but it's really it's become part of the It's just catchy. It's part of the the thing now. I think the idea is really nice. And then they all decided to text their friends to get them all to come to the party. Exactly. So, it really is the baseline to the show because that's how all the friends show up. Yep. Exactly. Text them. Text them to come over. Dad said, "I did good job singing." Thanks. Yes. Felis Navidad or Prosper. I don't know how to say it. Prospero. Prospero. Felicad. There you go. I did it. Thank you, Tracy. Did you sing it in Spanish class? Awesome. Okay, we're going to get pretzels. Pretzels. Pretzels. We already got the cookie in there. Um, and then we got the cookie over there. Is that all? Yeah. Oh, Gastons. That's right. What cookie was it? Gastons. I'm trying to remember. Was it? Huh? Do you guys remember what? Oh, was it the No, I know. It was the chocolate chip with the um pretzels. Oh, the pretzels. Yeah, those are pretty good. The pretzel chip cookie. Yes. I actually do really like those. Yeah, they are a little tricky for sure, especially if you don't speak Spanish. All right, guys. It's been a fun night. Hope you're enjoying. If you're new, yes, definitely hit that subscribe button. We'd love to add you to the resort hopper family. We just hit 212 the other day. 212,000 and then we hit 211. Then we hit 212 again. I know. Oh, the lights are on. Oh, good. Finally. Somebody plugged it in. They plugged it in. Good job. Good job plugging in. Good job, butterers. Yes, exactly. all lit up for me. Now, if we could only get the music up just a little bit louder. I know. It would be perfect. Oh my goodness. Tim, how are you? Were you here earlier? I didn't see you. Well, hello. Welcome in. Tim, he's okay. Good. Hi, Lee. Ho ho ho. your so brighter loved him. Yippee! Reeer! I shall in history. Good job. Thanks for us over 16600 likes. Jumping some rope. They sure are. And we got some polar bears over here. Oh, they're fun. They are so fun. So, if you guys don't know where the pretzels are, they're back this way by the train station. A thank you, Mom. Very sweet. Here we go. Mom said I good, too. They're dropping the beat. Yeah. Uh, let's see. MPL Disney, congrats on 13 months of Resort Popper Bronze. Happy Friday. I want to thank you for your streams and merry Christmas. Thank you for watching. Merry Christmas to you as well. Here we got the uh Thanks, MPL. The snow is snowing. It is snowing. And look, there is no line for Pluto. No line. I love him. Hello. What are you doing, buddy? Hi, Candy. Hey, pretzels. They are way back here. They make you work for those pretzels. They make you work. Let's see. I think we have to go. Yes. all things. We love you. It's not required, but we still love you all the same. Thank you for the love. Am I going to do a gingerbread vlog? Wait, what do you mean by gingerbread vlog? Like show you making my gingerbread cookies. Maybe that's what you mean. Not sure. Have a great night, everyone. Heading to bed. Okay, no worries. Good night, Eventies. Oh, did you go watch Wicked, Tim? No way. Was that your first time seeing it? The new Wicked just came out, Josh. Oh, that's awesome. Have you seen the first one yet? The movie? Yeah, the movie basically. I mean, I saw the musical. I know, but you have to see you have to see the movies, too. They're really good. Yeah, I should. No, I've se I've seen it on Broadway as well. But the movies are really good. That's good. Well, at least the first one. It can be more with the set the scenery, I guess, on it. The first one is um on Peacock if you have that. Okay. So, you can watch it for free, but the new one is just coming out today. They probably do in theater. They're Yeah, they're very good. What which did you like better, Broadway or? Um, well, it's been so long since I've seen the Broadway. It's kind of hard to, you know, you would be a better judge since it's recent for you. I think that Yeah, I've seen part enough of it. I think it's I think it's Yeah. Yeah. Hi. Hi. Thank you. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. They're both fantastic. Okay, good. Tim, I can't wait. Hello, classy dizzy. Mom, how are you tonight? Guys, remember, don't go anywhere. We have fireworks coming up in well 15 minutes. We better hustle. We're going to hustle. He's checking it twice. Pretzel's nice and warm. Oh, wait. Were we supposed to go that way? Oh, well. I don't want any punch. I'm good. I don't know. You'll probably get Yeah. Okay. Um I'm lost. Okay. Pretzel's good. Oh, we got to plug in. What? We got to plug in. Plug in 18%. Oh, that's awesome, Julie. I'm glad you enjoyed it. I will tell you the uh Wicked on Broadway made me love Wicked to begin with. Yeah, but it's been so long, like I said, I don't really remember a lot of it. You had popcorn. Awesome. All right, firework time. Firework time. So, after fireworks, I might go hop over and get a coffee. Do you want a coke? Sure. And do you want to do um space during that time or what do you want to do? Sure. Okay. Yeah. Awesomeness. Sorry about that. Heat. Heat. We're getting there. Did you eat both your pretzels already? Yeah. Oh, that was just one. Okay. I was like, "Wow, that was fast." Save one for later. Okay. I'm going to give this to you since I'm going to do the fireworks and I'm going to finish this. All right. These are awesome fireworks, guys. Don't go anywhere. You got to see them. Yeah. Okay. Hey, DBC Scott. Thank you. here. As we walk, I'll I'll show you the quick videos from uh from uh wait time signs and wait time displays. Um they got 15% off sales here if you get if you go through the resort TV1 link. So, you definitely want to do that. It's really really good. They're super cool devices and they're really affordable. Each one is um $99 but like85 with our discount code. Very good deal. Very good deal. And they were super fun. So go check them out. Weightsigns.com and use code resort 15. Weightsigns.com. Use code resort 15. But yeah, here I'm going to put it on here. I'm going to show you the little um the little video that explains Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Right. All right. So, I hope you enjoyed those little um looks at the waittime sign and the weight time display. One of them is a tablet, the other one's a box that plugs into your TV. And they're both cool. So, go check them out. But don't forget to use the code resort 15 for 15% off. Again, resort 15% off. That's the deal. That's what you want to do. All right. They always sponsor us during the holidays because that's their busiest time with everybody getting Christmas gifts for each other. So, we appreciate that. But yeah, go check them out. Even if you're not sure, you can go check out the website and learn more about it. Uh, I think we can make it through. Maybe. Yeah, we can make it. Oh, no. You can't. You were right. It's roped. It's roped for. We got this. Yep. I see mom in the chat. Hi, mom. All right. So, we're going to have to cut some people off. Yes. Sorry. We got the pretzels. Okay, we got to find a good spot. Indeed. Further. I'm going to climb. Yeah, let's do that. Uh, we could try if we're not behind somebody super tall. Huh? Yeah. Over here, maybe. Yeah. Up a little bit. Yeah, a little bit. take a picture. Yeah, I think they're going to they're going to probably have to stop pretty soon. Oh, yeah. I'll get the battery out. Hello everybody. Welcome in. If you're just joining, fireworks are in about 5 minutes. Greetings everyone. M's wonderful Christmas time fireworks will light up the sky with magic in just a few minutes. In order to fully experience tonight's presentation, the lighting magic cable will be produced. For your own safety and for that others, we ask that you remain in the same location until the light returns tomorrow. Get ready. Our seasonal celebration begin in just a few minutes. Got it. Yep. Do you want me to go there or Yeah. Should I take that? Yes, you take it. Hello, guys. All right. I'm going to be streaming the fireworks, so best I can. Enjoy. Enjoy. 4 minutes. So close. That's right, Tim. Fireworks send you off to bed. There you go. Yep. So close. Hey, hey, Arnell. And don't go anywhere cuz right after this, Josh is going to take you on Whoa. He's not going to take you on Space Mountain, but he's going to take you there and then play the video. You're going to see it'll be like you're there. Mhm. Exactly. Well, you will be. You'll be in his pocket. Relax. Exactly. The pocket. Exactly. These are amazing fireworks. You do not want to miss them, everybody. They are good. You might want to have some tissues at the ready. All right. Are we good at the bit rate? Negative five just in case. Okay. And exposure to like minus 18 or so. Okay. Oh, and infinity focus. Okay. How do I do that? Well, click on Okay, just click on the star. Now it's an infinity. I did it. Awesome. Hey, John. Hope you and your daughter are having a great time today or had a great time today. 3 minutes. Yes, Tinkerbell at the beginning. That's right. Thank you guys for the reminder. I know. When did I become techsavvy? I've, you know, Josh has taught me really well over the years. It's been eight years. So, to do what? He he asked when I've been kind of techsavvy. I said, Josh has taught me really well. It's been eight years, so you know, I'm learning. Yes. Living in Florida is amazing. I would not trade it for sure. Awesome. Benjamin, welcome back. Hey, Rich Rumple. Good Mark. It is not ice cold. No. Well, the castle looked like that way, didn't it? It's a very nice temperature. Yep, sure is. Hi Barbie. Woohoo. Heat. Heat. Welcome everyone and thank you so much for being here. We're just thrilled to be with all of you this season. Oh, it's my favorite time of the year. And you know what? With all of us together, I just know something wonderful about town. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I just love the holidays, the snow fights and hot chocolate, cozy fires and mistletoe. But my favorite part is getting to share it all with the ones I like. I got you. I'm Oh, heat, heat. I love you. Yeah. Hello. Heat. Heat. Oh my goodness. I can hardly wait. With all the holiday magic this time of year, I'm so happy we get to share it with all of you. And there's no better time to celebrate than right now. No longer. No longer. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You see, the best parts of the holidays truly are the special moments like this one that we share with special friends. We take these moments and we turn them into memories. memories we can cherish forever and ever. And that's the kind of magic that only happens when we're all together. Sure, it's nice to open a gift that's tied up with a perfect bow. But the greatest present of all was given to me long ago. It's something I would never trade. It's the family that we made. When we're together, I have everything on my list. And when we're together, I will all around the Christmas tree. There'll be dreams coming true together. And my favorite is you. Heat. Heat. together. I can stay forever and together is my Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. All right. So good. Here we go. I guess they don't do an after announcement, you know? I don't remember. Um, all right. So, take it off. Infinity, right? Hey, give me take it off infinity. Yes, take it off infinity. Um I'm stuck. There we go. All right. Actually, you want to take down my tree cuz it's going to be snowing. Yep, that'll be fine. Okay. I love those fireworks. Yes. Everybody definitely subscribe if you're new and uh hit the like button if you haven't already. We appreciate it. See if we can make our way down here to Main Street, the streets of Maine. All right. Yes. Okay. Uh $10 from Mr. Master. I'm literally Well, thank you, Mr. Master. I'm literally I know. I got cut off. Okay. Hopefully you enjoyed it. Sorry. I was like, that was all he said. Thank you. I'll have to pull it up on my phone. I don't know. Maybe. Maybe it every once in a while our app uh cuts the chats off the super chats. I mean literally crying. Literally crying. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Master. The good show. Is it going? I guess it's going a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. lighter snow than was expected. So, oh, here it goes. Oh, there it goes. Coming in hot. Okay. Yeah, I think that's a good idea. We can do that. Okay. Also, a little tip for parents bringing the little kids. If you're close up to the front, you really need to bring some hearing protection. Very loud. The kid in front of us was screaming because his ears were hurting. So really, they should have taken him out. But if he was in pain like that, but they just sat there and took pictures. But uh I would Yeah. So back here it's not as bad. You still might want to have some. And you can tell them, too, like, "Hey, try it without. If you need it, just tell me." And then you put them on, right? But it's good to have those little earphone things cuz it's very kids ears are more sensitive than adults and it's nice to have those and then they can watch and still enjoy it. It's scary for them too. Yeah. Well, even if it's not scary, it just hurts. I can tell the little boy was crying. He had his hand over his ear. So, yeah. Make sure you have that protection. So pretty. Oh, sorry. Telecon. What happened? I had to put a blinker on, apparently. You did what now? I should have put a blinker on, I guess. Oh, I got smoked on my Did you trip on the You tripped on the You all right? I got smoked down my throat. Yeah. You all right? Shark dude says colder air. Yeah, we don't have colder air right now, but yes, it can for sure. Yeah, right now it's pretty warm. What is it? I mean, it says 65. It feels warmer than that. Well, when you're not in the crowd, it feels chillier. When you're in the crowd and on the street, it doesn't feel Yeah. weird. It does definitely doesn't feel that cool, but so nice. Yeah. Uh, that's right, Barbie. Yes, we're having our Fort Wilderness decoration tour on the 22nd of December. Super fun. So, did you trip on the track or you just had to move cuz she was going to run you over? Yeah. Sure. Are you sure? I don't want to travel. No, you're good. Or maybe she can. I didn't know he was live. Sorry. No, you're good. It's just too many hands. She can do it. That's a good um It's a good view here. Yes. You're not supposed to eat the snow. I know. Sometimes you can't help it. Then I got to take care of There we go. Yeah. I think I think you've gotten run over almost by more scooters tonight than normal, right? And me by strollers. Yeah, seriously. And I got run over by a scooter. They've just been going for Yeah. They need to They need to be slower. They're not supposed to eat the snow. Yep. She knows. I know. I I breathed in and the snow went right down my lungs. Go forward a little bit. Oh yeah, it's very easy to do. That guys. Yeah, the air is drier. That is true. That is very true. Excuse me. All right. So, let's turn around and see the tree here real quick. The tree and the snow and the snow in the tree. And don't forget to subscribe if you're new. We also have another awesome sponsor that I almost forgot about, Sur Shark. If you want to get a VPN service, which is a virtual private network that will help you keep your data safe while you're online, especially if you're using public Wi-Fi, definitely check that out. So anyway, go check it out. Surfshark.deals/resorttv1. Again, that's surfark.deals/resorttv1. And that is how you get Surf Shark. They're a great service. You're going to get 4 months free with Surf Shark if you use our link. 4 months free. Just go to surf shark.deal/ resorttv1. And um anytime you use public Wi-Fi, you can be so much safer using a VPN using Sur Shark because then nobody uh can see any of your information. It's really, really great. It's recommended by pretty much every internet and IT professional to have those VPNs to keep your data safe. So, it's worth it. It's really just like $3 a month or something if you buy two years. And it's unlimited. You don't have to buy it for every computer. You buy it once for your whole family. That's it. I use it. I use it quite a bit, actually. So, definitely check it out. Sark.deal/ resorttv1. Haven't gotten hit yet. True. And I'm behind. I'm so nice. Glad it keeps going for a little bit. Yeah, we'll start heading up the road a little bit. That happens. That's a thing that happens sometimes. A snowman. Parson Brown. a little bit. You use it, too. That's good. Okay. I will attempt to get to Space Mountain. All right. I'll meet you there. I'll get you. Thanks. Oh, the crystal store. Yeah, I can try. Hold on. I can get there. What a beautiful, beautiful site. Oh, we've seen all the shows, so that's good. This is so pretty seeing snow on Main Street. I love that they do it. I love that they keep it on for a little while. It's very nice. So, what are we looking for? This one Christmas ornament. Oh, there you go. That's the one. Okay. Uh let's see. That's nice. Okay, that's the one. I'm going to get out before it starts before it stops snowing. I like I like the snow. All right, let's go ride Space Mountain. Little Jack Frost. I love it. Let's see. Let's see what Let's see what the wait time is first before we get these big ideas here. Oh, that's fun. How fun. Okay, let's see what we got here. 10 minutes. Oh, hello. We got to We got to do that. 10 minutes. Love it. Yeah, lots more snow. I love it. I love it a lot. uh 360 streams. Yeah, I've done them before. Two reasons I don't do them very often. Number one, it's hard for people to watch. Um so that the number of people that would want to watch that is much smaller because it actually takes like effort to watch it cuz you have to point the stream in the right way. Um, and a lot of people if they don't understand how to do it, they end up looking at my feed because if people watch how they normally do, most people watch with their device kind of pointing down and then YouTube automatically points it down like you're watching it from down. So then people are like, "Why am I seeing your feet?" Um, so anyway, I have done it. The other thing is, um, the 360 cam gets really hot and the quality is pretty, uh, rough at night. So, there's a few reasons, but it's just a tough thing to do, but we did it um all way back in 2018. We did a we did a 360 stream to the left. We thought that was the future, but it wasn't. People, you know, kind of like these better. So, it is cool. And I'll probably still do it like, you know, short ones from time to time just because it is fun for a while. For main streams, it'll always be a regular uh 16 by9 stream. The lights in Space Mountain of Christmas are migraine induced. Oh, that's too bad. Yeah, I don't know. I'm not I've not had that issue, but that is too bad. I'm fortunate that I don't get those, but I'm sorry for people that do. Um All right. See how we're going to do this. So, we'll walk through the line and then I'm going to have to put you guys away and we'll go to BRB. So, uh stay tuned and then you'll get to watch the Space Mountain. You got to watch it on BRB. It'll probably You'll probably get to watch it twice cuz I'll have to put it away when they're buckling me up and the video starts kind of right away on the ride. So, I kind of have to um I have to set it up that way. Oh, did it just Okay, it says 10. It still says 10. Okay, good. Probably not 10 anymore, but that's fine. Oh, it shouldn't be too bad. There's just a little bit of a bulk up here at the front. Well, I'm trying. Are you kidding me? Expected mother should not ride and passengers who do not because may not ride. Be sure to supervise children at all times and remember that passengers in wheelchairs must transfer into a rocket to participate in this launch. Thank you and enjoy your flight. I love this music. Those little uh what looks like metal balls down there, but I think they're just the same balls that you have at Chuck-E-Cheese that you would jump into. Space Mountain doesn't really high turbulent roller coaster. They still have ball pits at rest at like pizza places. Like if you're a kid, can you still jump in a ball pit? I kind of missed that. It might lag for a second. Expected mothers should not ride and passengers who do not meet the minimum height requirement may not ride. Be sure to supervise children at all times and remember that passengers in wheelchairs must trans. Hey, Tinker Tail John. It was good to see you earlier. All right, we're out of potato mode. Potato potato. Potato. Potato. They got plenty of things to look at. But look at look at our view. Worked at Chuck E. Cheese as technical manager. B Pits were moved several years ago. I figure, hey Pete, how are you? here now. Are you guys Did you guys not go to the party tonight, Tinker Tail John? Are you guys are hanging out somewhere else tonight? Yeah, this music's great. The atmosphere is awesome. I agree, Ally. This is my BRB music for the normal BRB. Kids love the ball pit. Yeah. And I'm sure there I'm sure there were injuries and stuff if they you know if they landed on the hard surface of the bottom. They wasn't hard anyway, but you know what I mean. 45. We literally waited 45 minutes. And was it that bad? No, cuz you don't even remember it was 10:30. She did a good job. This is probably going to die down. Yeah, this is great. 1980s galactic sounds. Got to love it. They used to um they used to have little uh games you could play while you waited in line here, which was fun, but I think it made the line like move slower, so that's why they took them out. 1971 people watching. That's when Disney opened. No, there's no bathroom. Oh, yeah. YouTube. No, YouTube updated their their interface. It is kind of weird. I'm getting used to it still. They know the track's don't know how you get up. when they get their place to park dirty. Yeah. for Kuck. I don't really like it either. It even hides the subscriber numbers, which is weird. So, you can't just automatically see a channel subscriber count. I'm at a school board conference in Seattle. This is a nice way to end the evening. Oh, yeah. Nice. Well, hopefully it's going well. I never sure what you would What do you do at a schoolboard conference? I wonder. I know about teaching conferences, music, you know, we Florida music ed conference and that kind of stuff, but I just wonder what you do at a schoolboard conference. The music is peaceful. Hello, Michelle. After all that conversation, I love this so much. I just got up there. try and find a place to watch the 11:00 parade somewhere. We'll see. Stay tuned. That's how I go. That's what I want to do. Oh, Trampoline Adventure. Yeah, we we go to Trampoline Adventure Park. Sorry, I was just scrolling back. Definitely not um 10 minutes, but still not bad. But it's gone up by now. Not yet. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I like the revamp. I do miss the original seating. Yeah, actually this is pretty close to the original, though. We're still straight in a row. Disneyland is side by side. The seating used to be somewhat different here. Trying to remember like in the '9s, even 80s. I still remember sitting back to back or not back to back, like you know, in a straight line. I could be wrong, though. Heat. Heat. Yeah, Disneyland is smoother for sure. I like the side by side as well. This ride is also really hard to get in and out of. Very similar to Speedway and how hard it is to get in and out of Space Mountain opened in 1975. That is true. My first trip was 84. Wow, Michelle, that's amazing. Yeah, the track is overdue for replacement. They were supposed to do it. They did a reverb of the ride a few several years ago. They were going to do it. They were going to re refurbish the whole track, add um speakers in the vehicles just like Disneyland, everything like that. But they um ended up just putting speakers throughout the ride and keeping the track the same. The budget was cut. Stay tuned. You don't want to miss Space Mountain. Moving pretty good. The first trip was 84. That's awesome. Kathy, was it lapse seating? Oh, you mean like Oh, like with a little two sections and two little benches. I think I kind of do remember that. Hey, Park Bros. Good to see you, Lawrence. Well, they have the coolest thing out now. I was talking to Jen about this through the Disney streamer network where you can you can um add a little banner to the bottom of the live stream and you can um show the weight times. So, I did that on the 24/7 channel. I forgot to I forgot to add it to the nighttime videos on the 24/7 channel, but it's on the daytime ones. So, yay. Matter was as well you sat in the lap of the person behind you. Yeah. Bog flumes used to be like that, too. Did they finally change Matter Horn? I guess they did. Yeah, Jill. I love it, too. It's a great ride. No. Space. Getting close. Yeah. I'm waiting. I like waiting in line with you. My feet legs don't hurt my feet. Don't get tired. Yeah. Uh, the Destiny seems so cool. Your stream made me want to go. Thanks, Park Bros. Yeah, I've got another video coming out from there soon. I've just got to edit it. It's going to take a little bit. I was hoping to get it done for tomorrow, but I don't think that's going to happen. Oh well, it'll get there. There are two cues and two different tracks on Space Mountain. Now, the tracks are mirror image of each other, but there are two tracks. Disneyland only has one, so technically there is double the capacity here from what I understand. I could be wrong, but it seems like it would be. No, not quite double because there's not as many um not as many riders in each car here, but still more friend on the tower suite of Destiny. Oh my goodness. Park pros. That's amazing. What a great It's a cool suite. I got a I got that on video. I actually have to edit it now. I got a really quick one over here. Wow. They'll get on before we do for sure. Why am I Here's the tower suite. South track is faster. It could be. Isn't that great? I got a full tour of it. Actually, my favorite's the hero suite, though. It's so nice. I posted a real of that on Instagram. Probably never do that again. I'm still lord that never find it again. Okay. going down. Going down. Oh, wait. Yeah. cuz he's never let remember whatever that one song was like. We're getting close. Stay tuned. Reality. Oh, I just wanted to make sure that we went to the same place. Hey, Grey Rose. How are you? You are still so like this. Go right. Left. I got you. Left. It's not as I think I think Dad. Can't wait. I love this ride. Thanks, Michelle. should should be going here in just a minute. We're very close. Almost has as much like as many likes as people watching. Fun. Yeah, the queue design is crucial. It gets you ready or gets you into the story and in the mood for riding the ride. It's pretty cool. We're going to switch you guys over here in just a second. Hello weather. How are you? Uh Jacqueline. Oh, you you came back to uh the stream and we're on Space Mountain. Jenna went to uh get some uh coke and coke and drinks for us. One. Okay. All right, guys. Enjoy. All right, that was my Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Woo! Wo! Wo! Oh! Uh! A heat. Woo! Woohoo! This is one. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Woo! Wo! Wo! Oh! Uh! Ah! Woo! Woohoo! All right, welcome back everybody. That was so much fun. Yeah, you got to see it twice. It takes a while. I had it recorded from the exit of the uh of the loading station and so anyway, so you got to see it twice because it takes a while to get on and all the things and I had to put my gimbal away and yeah, but all good now. So you get to see it twice or maybe three times. I'm not sure. But it worked. It is fun. Boy, it got my neck that time. There was one where the lights all went out and I couldn't see where the drop was and my head my neck snapped back pretty good. But it's pretty rough, but oh well. Yeah, that's what I was telling you guys before I got on that it was going to you were going to get to see it twice. It works fine. Yeah, I was telling you guys before we went on it though, you were going to get you were going to get to see it twice because I knew cuz you can't have your phone out when you leave the load platform, which makes sense. It's totally fine. That means that um by the time I actually get through the ride, you guys are already halfway through your first time. All right, there we go. Let me get the get Oh, I almost said banana mode. Potato mode. Some kind of a some kind of food item. All right, we're going to go see if we can find a spot to see the parade. And then we'll get some more snacks and then we'll be done. All right, cool. I have to turn off the Wi-Fi, so it's going to lag for a second. So stay tuned. Okay. Rocket scientist. Yeah, that didn't look very bad at all. Okay, let's go. Sweet. You can hear it now. That's fun. Crazy Banana mode will be on the next version of the app. Yes. Yes, it will. Okay, I hope you guys have enjoyed the stream so far. I'm really glad I got to do Space Mountain. Even though my neck isn't super glad it's so rough, but luckily I have a good chiropractor. So my chiropractor used to work on Space Mountain. So anytime like I'm like, "Hey, I wrote Space Mountain." He's like, "I'll take care of you. Yeah, Manheim steamroller is great. Oh, you said Anaheim seam roller. They're good, too. Just kidding. That'd be fun. Okay. Goofies over there. Have fun. Hey, we can go say hi to him real quick. I'm That one got my neck. No, I just had to plug it back in. I couldn't have it plugged in. Did you? No way. It got me just I was like the lights went off right at the last second cuz I was watching the track really good. The lights went off and I was like, "Oh, ouchie." My neck snapped back and I was like, "Man, oh no." I was like, "Oh, that wasn't good." Not good. It's all right. Um, we still um need to go over to get the one in Gaston cuz I really like those. It's the chocolate chip with um pretzels. Okay. Okay. Oh my word. Look at Goofy. He's getting down. Wow. So cute. Goofy, goofy movie. Let's go. Oh my goodness, that's so cute. together. Wow. Woo! So cute. So cute. Love is Woo! He's got that move. Make the noise if you're Swifty. Swifty. I love her. But she's going to get us. She likes to get us. That Taylor Swift. Oh my word. That was amazing. You guys like his dance moves? So good. All right, let's go get cookies at Gastons. Okay, we're going to find a spot to watch the second play, but maybe it's too late. Well, I mean, we can. That's fine. We can. I just We haven't I haven't had that cookie yet, and I really like that one. All right. Or it's up to you. We still might make it. Yeah, we still might. Anybody else like the new Taylor Swift CD or uh I guess it's not just a CD album. We need to do Dream Table Empire. All right. I always have to look those up still cuz I get them confused. Like I know what they are, but you know what I mean. In my head I confuse them. Um here I'll look them up. Yeah. Tay Tay. That's right. Taylor, but she does like to copyright us big time sometimes. Strike. Okay, so we've got I'm trying to find it here. Yeah. Well, I'm almost there. All right. Dream Table. Dream Table is an amazing app that makes finding Walt Disney World dining reservations a breeze. Uh even at the really popular restaurants like if you're looking for beacon barrel or different things like that, you know, go. Go82. Exactly. Uh so go check out dreamtable.co and all you have to do is uh you know download the app and then um you put in your information and um you put in the restaurant you want to go to, the date, how many people, all that. And then they don't make it for you. They don't make the reservation. They'll just notify you when the a reservation pops available. When it pops available, it pops up. When it pops up. So again, go to dreamtable.co, guys. Go check them out. This is an amazing amazing app, saving you some time. And then, let's see, where is Park Snacker? There it is. Um, if you're heading to Walt Disney World, you know that trying all the iconic snacks can feel like a mission. you know, you don't know where to find them, you don't know which place to get them at and all the snacks that might be available and treats. Um, but if you want to keep track of them, go to parksnacker.com. Um, parknacker.com and it'll have a whole list of all of the different snacks that you could ever want. Um, let's see, which way do we want to go? Gastons. Okay. Um, that you want to try and it'll tell you where to get them and uh all the treats. So definitely go to parknacker.com guys. Go check them out and that'll help you with all the treats when you come to Walt Disney World. Oh, sorry 83 candlestick. Sorry I missed you while you were here. She listed all of her cardigans. Wait, like her legit cardigans on her website? No way. Who? Taylor Swift. Oh my. Like were they hers or like she had a bunch to sell kind of thing. I bet it was just she was selling for charity. Probably not. Who knows? I don't know. Maybe. I know she does a lot with charity. Yeah. No, that's fine. I'm just like, does she need more money? No, probably not. Um, Eli, congrats on 25 months of Resort Hover Bronze. Hi Josh and Jen. I hope both of you have a great Thanksgiving Thanksgiving next week. And Jen, I hope you have a good birthday, too. A thanks, Eli. Happy Thanksgiving to you as well. And thanks for being a member for 25 months. Really appreciate it. She didn't just take them to Goodwill and then somebody gets them by luck. Oh my word. But then you wouldn't know for sure it was hers. You would never know. That's part. Yeah. Oh, these look nice. Yeah, exactly. It was hers. Oh my goodness. Oh, her merch. Gotcha. Gotcha. So, she just put out some merch. I see. Still cool. It is empty back here. I love it. It was all merch. You've been doing merch drops almost every day. Okay, cool. You've done quite a bit tonight. We've done a lot. We have done a lot. I've got lots of steps. Yep. And we still might be able to catch the end of the parade or most of the parade. Yeah. Especially if we go to Main Street and go to the very end. Oh, yeah. We should be on the drive. Uh-huh. Oh Christmas tree. Oh Christmas tree. Let's see what character do we have over here. Nobody at the moment. I think it's Ariel. Maybe I think. Yeah, I think you're right. I see a peppermint. We're heading the right direction. Uh Grey Rose Adventures. Congrats on 24 months of Resort Hopper Platinum. Thank you guys for being awesome. Love being a part of the community. Merry Christmas. Great Rose Adventures. Thank you so much for being a platinum member for 24 months. 2 years. That is amazing. We really, really appreciate it. Thanks, Grey Rose. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Oh, that's awesome. 83 candlesticks. Well, happy birthday and happy anniversary as well. Hi. Can I have two of the cookies? Is that all right? You have eggnog. Thank you. Oh, thank you so much. Oop, sorry. As I dropped them. I don't know. Thank you. Oh, thank you so much. Awesome. Thank you. I have slippery fingers. No, thank you. They get excited when somebody takes an eggnog. I Nobody takes it. I'm not a fan. Also, I just can't. All right, Josh. So, I'm going to need help once you put yours away. I kept dropping. I asked for two and they gave me three. Woohoo. I also have too many things in my jeans because my jeans are not wanting to stay up. I need a belt. The battery, my phone, all the things. Okay. All right. I'm ready. Okay. won't be easy. There we go. Okay. He could if he wanted to. Thanks to everybody that's still here sticking around. We appreciate you. Yeah, we do. Oh, now I want you to know it is Cheryl's cookies, but you know snicker doodles. Boo. And no just frosted. Yep. There's a new Christmas tree over there right there by seven horse mine train. All right. So, let's head to the main entry. Yep. Uh, what do you think? Which way? Well, the fireworks are over. We should be able to go by the castle. Okay. Yeah, they should let us walk by it. Not through it, but by it at least. Love how empty it is. Yes, it's nice. My favorite part of the park. One of my favorite parts. Well, especially during the parade cuz normally it's not empty. Good point. I like at the last part of the Yes. Let's take a broken voice and sing to Hello Aaron Wright. How are you? We're going to start to get foggy. Yep. Uh we may What? You want to go that way? That might be easier. Yeah, cuz you can't You may not be able to cross here. Yep. Uh you can't cross here. Nope. There is parade going on. We're going to have to go this way. You will not be able to get across that way. This first time of year we won't be there for Christmas. Oh, sorry. Gray Rose. Try this one more time. Very wet on this. Yes, it is. Oh, cuz they wet it down for fireworks. Yep. Everything gets wetted down so there's no fire. Fire would be bad. Hey, classy Disney mom. Okay. Yeah. So pretty. Yeah. Let's see where we are in the parade here. Oh, this isn't bad. You want to walk over here or you want to go all the way down? Let's go see what we can see. I bet there's still some spots down by the train there. Maybe. But I'm trying to get Yeah, there's Mickey and Minnie right there. Okay. I got to turn down the brightness. Hold on, guys. We're going to go find a spot to watch so you get to see the whole thing with a good view. So stay tuned. Don't go anywhere. We are watching the parade. We're just getting to a spot. I got to beat it down the street. To all of us to all of you. I said to all of us. To all of you. Everybody. To everybody. Christmas every day Christmas Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Christmas time. There comes Happy holidays everyone. We want and all of their friends invited to celebrate the most wonderful time of the year as the Magic Kingdom presents. Stay with us. We're we're finding a spot and then you'll get to watch the parade. It's It's actually going to be a minute before it gets here. So, don't go anywhere cuz we're going somewhere for you. We're doing the going for you. Okay. Heat. Heat. Moving. We're moving. There we go. Okay. Uh maybe not right behind the pole. I said I Happy holiday everyone. All of your friends most wonderful time of the year presents Christmas tree. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you guys. Thank you. Nice to meet you. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Don't you just Oh gosh. You can't be home. Show me your life. Perfect. Happy holiday with our Happy birthday. Woo! Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way. Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Happy holiday. It's Christmas time. Just look at all those lava. for every single Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Don't forget to bake some cookies. We got to make this a scrumptious Christmas time. No, I just want Yeah. Heat. stand. Woo! Treat yourself to something sweet. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. It's just like a fairy tale living happily ever after. All your holiday dreams come true. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hello friends, merry Christmas and happy holiday. Oh, it's so wonderful to see you all tonight. Don't forget to Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my goodness. That's where all the people I found. Wow. Yeah, you did. Found all the people. Oh, up on the click. Click click. you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. and a grand finale. And I can't hear. Huh? Okay. I'm going to need the restroom after that coffee. Um, what's the plan? I guess we go watch the last Maria show. We have to. We don't have to. We can. You didn't get to see it. Okay. I'll wait. Oh, wait. Plenty of great parade. It's a great one. Stay tuned. We got one more thing to show you and that is the most merriest celebration. We wish you the merriest, the marriest, all the things. Sorry. Okay. So, absad. It's a great word. Absad. I think I looked this up one time, but is up. That's right. Is upsot like is it a real word? Is it made up for the song Jingle Bells? It's actually in the original Jingle Bells. Or is it the past tense of upset? Or does it mean like basically we the they the whole idea of the whole the song is they wreck the sleigh, right? So isn't that what upsot meant? Like we got like you know we got kind of like cockey eyes cockeyed. We got sideways. I don't know. The end of that song sounds like America. It sounds like a little bit of Westside Story in there. The park closes at midnight. So, it's almost closed. Now, here's a little tip. If you want um if you want your uh Starbucks, you have to make sure that you get it by midnight. That is when Starbucks closes. It does not stay open late. The slice flipped over. That's what I thought, David. I just wondered if it was a real word or if it was actually made up. But it basically means upset or up like the sleigh was turned upside down. I don't know. Something like that. It isn't a common word. I know that electric guitar. We're going to start walking down the street kind of slow. Santa can hurry. Tell him he can take the freeway down. Oh, Telecon, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Hope your parents are well. May catch you the next time you visit. Yeah, for sure. Sorry I missed you last time. That was a good thing. It was a good thing. All right. I hope that you had fun. I mean, it was a good good trip. I'm glad you got to go. This one almost sounds like grease lightning. Like grease lightning. Old word for tipped over. There you go. Really sounds like upset, so it makes sense. Thanks, David. I can sleep tonight. You're the real MVP. And the moppers, they are also MVPs. We love it. And it also likes the moppers and the hoppers and the boppers and the shoppers. All the bop poppers. Yeah. Thanks for joining us. It's been a fun fun fun night. We wouldn't even be here if it wasn't for you guys. Well, we might be here once just for fun, but we definitely wouldn't come to multiple parties if it wasn't for you guys. And just to be clear, we buy all of our parties. A couple times, a couple years ago, Disney um hooked us up with like opening nights at some of the parties, but this year, uh not so much. But hey, we got a we got a couple cruises lately, so that's uh that is pretty awesome. So, but anyway, yeah, we do buy our own parties. They're not not sponsored, not uh not um not paid for by anybody else. So just uh just Jen and I because we love doing these with you guys. I should David. Yes, like the Swedish chef for sure. I should say hoppers, boppers, and shoppers like the Swedish chef. Yeah. Makes everything right. Hi. How are you? Good. I just wanted to say hi. I watch you every year. Oh, thank you. What's your name? Charlotte. Charlotte. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Did you like the parade? I did. This is my first time coming down here to see it. Oh, good. I'm glad you got to come. Yeah. I like the parade and I like the fireworks, too. All good. Hi. Hi. How are you? Nice to meet you, too. You guys are all so festive. I love it. Did you guys want to say hi on the live stream? You don't have to. Okay, that's all right. So, I love it. You guys are all looking great. Thank you. Thank you for watching. I hope you guys uh um have enjoyed the party. That's awesome. We have. We have. Awesome. All right. Thank you. All right. Bye. Upsaw is a real word. Oh, really? Interesting. The jury's out still. I wonder if it's spelled though. Upsaw as it just like just like it sounds. Uso t. I think in jingle bells that's how it's spelled, but I could be wrong. I'm just my memory is telling me that, but it could be wrong. All right, we are getting ready for showtime here. Oh, shoot. It starts at 11:55. I got a boogie. Hold on. I was waiting, but I forgot it starts right at All right, I'm going. I'm going. Excuse me. Gee, the traffic is terrific. Oh, there's no place. Not any place at all. Okay, enjoy. Season's greetings, happy holidays, and welcome to Mickey's Merry Merry Christmas Party and all the mer celebration. It's the most wonderful time of the year and everyone telling you of the cheer. It's the most wonderful time of the year. It's the happiest season of all with those holiday greetings and gay happy meetings. When friends come to home, it's the happiest season of all. There'll be parties for hosting marshmallows for toasting and caring out in the snow. There'll be scary stories and tales of stories of Christmases long. It's the most wonderful time of the year. There'll be lunching and hearts will be glowing when loved ones are near. It's the most wonderful time of the year. It's Mickey and his friends. Hi everybody. Welcome to our most merriest celebration. Merry Christmas. Happy holidays. What he said. We wish you the mer. The mer. The mer. Yes. The mer. We wish you the mer. The mer. The mer. You'll cheer. We wish you the happiest. The happiest. The happiest. Yes. The happest. We wish you the happest. The happiest. The happiest new year. May your tree be filled with happest. Happiness for all. May your heart be filled with happiness and gentleness and friendliness for all. We wish you the happiest. The happiest. The happiest. Yes. The happiest. We wish you the merriest, the merriest, the merch. It's the most merc. It looks a lot like Christmas, right? With all the decorations and presents and friends. Uh-oh. Wait a minute. We're missing. H. I wonder where he is. I really hope he'd be here by now. Text him. Well, he's not very techsavvy, but I'll try. This holiday, you'll be far away and I'll be all alone. So, please remember this December to fully charge your phone. I know we all should invite our friends. Great idea. Of course, where's my phone? Text me. Merry Christmas. That's a text I'll never delete. Just em. And if you text me something silly, I promise I won't tell. The Facebook messages are quite as sweet. I need more than just a tweet on Snapchat from Christmas. It's Donald. He must have gotten my text. Hello. It's a long time to be missing you. You're on your way and I'm over the moon. Everything's all in place. But there is one thing clear. Christmas is a Christmas till you get here. There is a present by the fire place to you. All that I want is to see your face. Hey, that's my wish. s. So many fairy lights are busy sparkling with my hand. It's all for you, my dear. Christmas isn't Christmas till you get here. Christmas isn't Christmas till you get here. Christmas till you get here. Donald, you finally made it. I'm finally Well, we're glad you're here now. Oh, it looks like she got my text. This is going to be great. Please help me welcome my dear frienda of dairy, Miss Clarabel Cow. I don't want a lot for Christmas. There is just one thing I need. I don't care about the presents underneath the Christmas tree. I just want you for my own. More than you could ever know. Make my wish come true. Sing it with me, dear. All I want for Christmas is you. Woo! Well, look, she's wonderful, baby. I won't ask much this Christmas. I won't even wish for you tonight. Holding on to me so tight. What more can I do? Oh baby, all I want for Christmas is you. You, baby. All the lights are shining everywhere. And the children laugh through the air. Everyone is singing. free. I don't want to call out for Christmas. This is all I'm asking for. I want you standing by my door. Oh, I just want you for my own. More than you could ever know. Make my wish come true. Oh baby, all I want for Christmas is all I want for Christmas is you. All I want for Christmas is you. All I you. Sounds like a calendar. Oh boy, my friends are here. And I know I'm going home. Howdy everybody. Glad you're here cuz it ain't Christmas without a good old ho ho ho down. Just like we celebrate back home. Come on everybody, put your hands together. Have a jolly Christmas. It's this time of year. I don't know if it'll be snow. Have a cup of cheer. Have a jolly Christmas tree. Say hello friends you know and everyone so you can see my wait for you have a jolly Christmas any oh my god have a jolly Christmas this Take it away too fast. Your partner don't know. Ho ho ho. Now, here we go. This is fun. You know I'm J. All right, Jess. Let's see what you got. All right, let's hear that one more time. We're hearing ringing joy and I'll be back to my country. Christmas time's coming. Christmas time's coming. Christmas time's coming. I'm going back. What was that? We want to win. LA Christmas. Welcome to the party. The three cavalier reunited again for the holidays. Time to celebrate. All right, amigos. Let's do this. Mommy love. I want to wish you a merry Christmas. I want to wish you a merry Christmas. I want to wish you a merry Christmas from the bottom of my heart. I want to wish you a merry Christmas. I want to wish you a merry Christmas. I want to wish you a merry Christmas from the bottom of my heart. Oh yeah. Oh, I hope you wish you merry Christmas on my heart. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas from the bottom of my heart. It's a branch from Fantasy Land. Oh, it looks like everybody got my invitation. What's with the veils? You told us to leave. Oh, jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way. Oh, what fun it is to ride one open sleigh. Oh, jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way. Oh, what fun it is to ride one open sleigh. I sure do love the sound of Christmas bells. What beautiful Christmas bells. Oops. Oh, Nikki, it's time. What's that? Oh, right. We'll be right back with a big holiday surprise. We've got our own holiday surprise. Christmasing through the snow. Christmas bells are ringing. Your voices here. Ding dong ding dong. Christmas bells are ringing. Ring those Christmas. Ring those Christmas bells. Well, we have an eternal ring. Those Christmas bells. Sometimes you hear a Christmas song. What I like Christmasing, I love to hear a ring. Oh, ring ring Christmas. Oh, ring ring Christmas bells. We'll have a happy Christmas. We need more cattle bells. Jingling jingle jingling jingling jingle jingling jingling all together Wow. Christmas. That was unbelievable. You look surprise. It's Santa and Mrs. Claus. Ho ho ho. Merry Christmas everyone. Here comes Santa Claus. Here comes Santa Claus. Right down Santa Claus lane, dipsing and blitzing and all his reindeer pulling all the rain. Bells are ringing, children singing, all is merry and bright. So jump up your head cuz Santa Claus comes tonight. Oh, I love when friends come together at Christmas time. That's what makes the holiday so special. Whether you're far apart or making new traditions or visiting with old friends, wherever you find love, it feels like Christmas. It's in the singing of a street corner choir. It's going home and getting warm by the fire. It's true. Wherever you find love, it feels like Christmas. A couple of times we share with a sweet reunion with a friend or a brother. In all places, you find love. This season of the heart, a special time of caring, the ways of helping increase. It is the season of the spirit. The message if we hear it is make it last year. Time to always remember it is the summer of the soul in December. It's when you do your best for love. It feels like Christmas. It is the season of the heart. A special time of caring. The ways of love. It is the season of the spirit. The message we hear is make it last year. You feel like Christmas. Oh, Mickey, this really has to be the most celebration. And of course, it wouldn't be the holidays without all of you. We wish you the joystick, the friendliest, the jolliest. It's the most time of the year. Good night everyone. I'm so glad you could join us. Please wait. Happy holidays. Merry Christmas. Thanks for coming everybody and we'll see you real soon. Very good. Fans of the show. Oh, thank you. Appreciate that. What's your name? Say hi to my dad. Yeah, for sure. Here. Well, let me turn it brighter so he can actually see you. I had it turned down for the stage. There we go. Hi, Dad. He's watching us here right now. Justin. What is it? Justin. Justin. Nice to meet you. We're from Philly. Hi, Justin's dad. Hi, Justin's dad. Thank you guys so much. Thanks for watching, guys. Enjoy your trip. See you. Hi. Yeah, for sure. I think he's going to take a picture. Okay, sounds good. Thank you so much. Of course. Thank you so much. You're very welcome. It's our pleasure. Appreciate you. Love your shopping, especially Disney Springs. I'm like, Jenny's going to be working. So, thank you. Thank you for what you did during co. Oh my gosh. Totally got so many people that look forward to it every Friday. It was just amazing. Oh, we did too. Thank you. Appreciate that. You guys enjoyed the rest of your trip. You too. Thank you. Thank you. So sweet. I'm going to hand this to you. I got you. You did a great job. Thanks. I did some uh stories and things. Yeah. Do you want to say hi on the stream at all or No. Okay. So, my name's Hope in the chat. What is it? Hope. Awesome. Nice to meet you. Okay. Very cool. Nice to play with the name. Bye. Bye. A Very good. I know. Now we want pizza cuz you know we we kind of watched um The Muppets Christmas Carol and now we need Pizza Hut. Exactly. Cuz that's what I do. Pizza Hut. Do they deliver at this time? Uh sure. I don't know. Probably not. All right, guys. Thanks for an awesome Remind me. It does. Christmas party. What? This reminds me also of Osborne Lights. Yep. Spec for whatever reason. Specifically that part with the little singing part. fun. Man, I miss the Osborne lights. But you know what? I do love Jollywood. I'm not going to lie. That's a great party. But can you imagine how much better Jollywood would be the Osborne lights? Oh my word. That would be insane. But also, we wouldn't be able to go as often as we used to go with Jollywood. So, if you wanted to go to Osborne every night, you wouldn't be able to. True. You'd have to pay extra. I think back on it. I don't think, you know, I've not been everywhere, but I would never been everywhere. I've been everywhere. I'd be hardressed to find any Christmas event that was better than what Osborne was. Agreed. It was just so absolutely perfect. It was amazing. And don't get me wrong, I love this party, too. I love this party. I love Dollywood, but man, there was just something about Osborne that was just I also think it was because it was a great like tradition that we had at Christmas Eve and Christmas. It was that, but it was also just a combination of amazing lights, incredible music. You could buy hot chocolate, you could just like I don't know. It was just And you just hang out all night. It was great. Yes. Thank you, Barbie, for sharing that. Yeah. Follow us on Instagram, Resort TV1. Well, thanks guys for an awesome party. We had a great time. I hope you did, too. Thanks for staying with us so long. Yeah, party is officially closed, but you know, they don't kick you out right away. Nope. There's still shopping and pictures. There's a really long line for pictures. Parks posted a reel of putting up the tree. Oh, cool. They had a camera up here on one of the Main Street buildings. No way. And they showed coming in. That's awesome. Oh, actually, I think I did see that actually. I think I saved it on our Instagram profile. You know how you can bookmark it? I bookmark Oh, that's nice. Stacy said, "Sorry, I've been MIA. I had to have emergency surgery. Last Thursday morning while you were on your cruise, I had to have three hernas repaired." Oh, good night. Oh my goodness, Stacey. That Josh had one hernia and that was enough. Yeah. I'm so sorry. I hope you are recovering. I hope you're taking the time you need to recover and we're glad, you know, hopefully the surgery went well. Prayers for you, Stacy. Thanks for letting us know. Oh, she says, "Feeling better now." Okay, good. That's a lot though. That's a lot. Yeah. Sorry to hear that. Oh my goodness. Uh we got to see Osborne lights right before they closed it down. I remember when they closed. Yep. That was right before I moved here. Marshmallow. Thank you. Like I said, I showed everybody at Jollywood the picture. Yeah. All of us that Steph was pregnant with Liam. Yep. I remember that. Hopefully Liam got to go, too. He did. He just wasn't aware. He was He was there. He probably heard the music. Of course he did. Jolly, I did not have that on my bingo card. Oh, no. For sure, Stacy. Never do. No. Thanks, Jay. I'm glad you got it taken care of. I know it's probably going to be painful for a little while. Mine definitely was. Yeah. La. Good night, Rosalie. Be good, Stacy, and don't lift anything. That's the most important thing. Don't lift. And yeah, just take it easy for a while. We do need to talk about our awesome Platinum sponsors while we're walking out. Should we do that? Sure. All right, let me find them. Oo, I got low battery. My iPhone's like I tired, too. I got to go to the restroom while you do all Okay, sounds good. I'll just kind of loop around. All right, guys. We are going to talk about our awesome platinum members of the channel. Our platinum members of the channel donate $50 a month and we appreciate them so much and we love to thank them and read their names out every single stream. We have Amy Moore. You know what? I'm going to pull over to do this so I can read. Um, all right. Got we have Amy Moore, Grey Rose Adventures, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Go Mini, uh Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, William Ly, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Paulie, The Amazing Jayla Moxley, Scander Dani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Maurice Mo, and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our platinum members of the channel. all of our members of the channel, all of our Patreon members, as well as hoppers, hoppers, shoppers, and boppers. Thank you, Ally. We really, really appreciate you guys. You know what? I'm going to duck in here real quick cuz there is a new Mickey plushy fluffy bag. I don't think it's out yet, but I want to make sure cuz I would be sad if it was here. And I missed it cuz it looks really cute. Okay, that's Zootopia. So, it's not going to be over there. I think it might just be Oh, no. Mickey down. Mickey down. I'll save him. I'll save you, Mickey. There. He's all good now. I haven't seen anybody carrying it around, so I'm assuming Oh, that's a cool shirt. Look at that shirt. That's fun. Sparkies. dog's going to be like, "I left you alone for two seconds and you went in the shop." It's true. All right. Maybe it's over here. If not, it's probably not available yet. Like I said, saw at Disneyland. Assumed it was be here. It's going to be here, but just maybe not yet. Look at that. A tinker boat. I haven't seen this one. That's cute. Tink 53. They charge you wrong. Okay. I don't see it, guys. Okay. I don't think it's out, but it's worth checking. This is cute. Wow, these are going fast. Tiny little tote. These would be great for your cookies. All right, let's head out. I did not see it. Blame me for you going in the shop. You wanted me to feel better. That's rice, CeCe. Okay, sounds good. Well, they don't have it, so we'll just come out here and enjoy some more music. Oh, unless it's in there. Should we go look? Okay, why not? He twisted my arm. I'm shopping for science. Exactly. Uh, nothing to see here, Josh. Nothing to see. Walking in the winter wonderland. Okay, I'm not seeing it. Ooh, the popcorn ears are only $20. Are kidding me right now? These are only $20. I still want this Pluto bag. I also love the new pirate ears. How cute. All right. Sorry. Let's go see if it's in this shop. Like that was hard twisting my arm. I know. I know. Okay. Nope. It's not out yet. Yes, but that's okay. It was worth checking. It was worth melting for going to be on a wild goose hunt trying to find us. She was in this shop and then she was in this shop, right, Stacy? Isn't it the cutest little bag ever? I would probably never use it very often, but you know, it's cute. It's for cuteness, though. I want. Okay, so guys, you know the new pop uh like the blind box store, the blind box store I went to today, they have the little um Disney, they look like Disney little boo boos um at that shop. I got Goofy and I got another one that I opened today. I got one more to open. I really, really, really want Pluto. So, if anybody has an extra Pluto and you want to exchange and you're in the parks, I will exchange any of my Disney ones for a Pluto. Unless I open the other box and I got a Pluto. So, let me know. Message me on Insta. I really want Pluto. I hope I have them. I have one more box to undo. To undo, to unbox, you know what I mean? I'm tired. I got up at 6:00 this morning to go to that shop. Stacy, you're funny. Do they smell like popcorn? I don't think so, but that would be really cool if they did. Little Jack Frost, get lost. Get lost. I said, "You're probably on a wild goose chase." I went in that shop, then I went in that shop. That's I was like, "Uh, I don't know where to go." That's why I came out. Good. Now, what about the shop? It was the um I was like, "Okay, she's looking at the tree. All right, she's over here." And I finally like, "Okay, presents." And then I finally saw her. Awesome. Yeah, Stacey. They're really cute. All right. You ready to wrap it up? Yeah, we can wrap her up. Hi. Where you want to go? Maybe over here. A ton of people. Or over here or over here? I'm getting delirious. Over here is probably fine. Oh, over here or over here? Over there. Over here. Here we go. This breaking up a little bit. There can't be that many more people left in the park. Good grief. I mean, looks like it. Claus is coming to town. If you didn't know, Santa's coming to town. All right. And I thanked our awesome platinum members. Good. I think we thanked all our sponsors. Thank you, Patreon. Yes. And thank you to Patreon and moppers and poppers and shoppers. Yeah. Thank you, moppers. Oh, cool. John, I'm glad you got to go. All right. I will hand this to you since you have a longer arm. Yeah. Otherwise, we appreciate you guys. It was fun. It was a fun day. Bam. Santa Claus is coming. He is. Michael said it. Yep. Wait, there we go. I got it. The gimbal was like not happy. Tired. Be happy. There we go. I clicked it twice and I said, "Be happy. Be happy." Anyway, thank you so much for watching everybody. Uh, it was awesome. I'll be live at some point tomorrow. It might be where I know we're going over to dads for a little bit for a little more birthday celebration. So, it might be like a little bit later than 600. We'll just have to see. So, just stay tuned. Um, and I may do a little park. may be able to go to like Epcot and see if the um Living with the Land is all decorated. And then also Were you just there? No, in my phone. You were just there in your phone. Wow, that was fast. Yeah. So, um but yeah, we'll go check that out and then maybe come over here. We'll see. And then um go to our Instagram, Resort TV, and watch my blind box unboxing from this morning. And I'm going to have a vlog from that store uh Friday morning. Okay. Also, um, check out my cruise vlog if you haven't. I'm trying to make the second one, but it'll be whenever I can make it. Go leave a comment and all the things on it. Yep. Help it out. But either way, we'll see you uh I'll see you tomorrow and Jen will see you soon. Very soon. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. What a probably Christmas.
