---
video_id: GGTrpaiH33Y
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Amazing Muppet Live Performance with Real Muppets - The Christmas Party"
published: 2025-12-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGTrpaiH33Y
---
What we'd like to do is a little sketch. What we'd like to do is a little sketch. What we'd like to do is a little sketch. Uh, and it being the holiday season, it Uh, and it being the holiday season, it Uh, and it being the holiday season, it we call it the Christmas party sketch. we call it the Christmas party sketch. we call it the Christmas party sketch. &gt;&gt; It's a very original name. &gt;&gt; It's a very original name. &gt;&gt; It's a very original name. &gt;&gt; Sounds a good one. &gt;&gt; Sounds a good one. &gt;&gt; Sounds a good one. &gt;&gt; Um, but we kind of need a little help. &gt;&gt; Um, but we kind of need a little help. &gt;&gt; Um, but we kind of need a little help. We can't do it all on our own. Tony, so We can't do it all on our own. Tony, so We can't do it all on our own. Tony, so could you help us out? could you help us out? could you help us out? &gt;&gt; Come over here, Tony. &gt;&gt; Come over here, Tony. &gt;&gt; Come over here, Tony. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can you step? We have a script &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can you step? We have a script &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can you step? We have a script here. here. here. &gt;&gt; We got a script. &gt;&gt; We got a script. &gt;&gt; We got a script. &gt;&gt; This is for you. It's super simple. &gt;&gt; This is for you. It's super simple. &gt;&gt; This is for you. It's super simple. &gt;&gt; Play the part of Tony, &gt;&gt; Play the part of Tony, &gt;&gt; Play the part of Tony, &gt;&gt; right? And the setup is we're at a &gt;&gt; right? And the setup is we're at a &gt;&gt; right? And the setup is we're at a Christmas party. I'm going to get ready. Christmas party. I'm going to get ready. Christmas party. I'm going to get ready. &gt;&gt; Christmas party. Okay. And you're going &gt;&gt; Christmas party. Okay. And you're going &gt;&gt; Christmas party. Okay. And you're going to be welcoming the guests to the to be welcoming the guests to the to be welcoming the guests to the Christmas party. This right here. This Christmas party. This right here. This Christmas party. This right here. This can be the door here. You can stand, you can be the door here. You can stand, you can be the door here. You can stand, you know. Turn. Yeah. Right. Right here. know. Turn. Yeah. Right. Right here. know. Turn. Yeah. Right. Right here. That's fine. And uh Yeah. That's fine. And uh Yeah. That's fine. And uh Yeah. &gt;&gt; Am I getting paid for this with smiles and laughter? with smiles and laughter? with smiles and laughter? [cheering and applause] [cheering and applause] [cheering and applause] &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, uh, without further ado, the So, uh, without further ado, the So, uh, without further ado, the Christmas party sketch. [cheering] &gt;&gt; My motivation for this. Oh, never mind. &gt;&gt; My motivation for this. Oh, never mind. &gt;&gt; My motivation for this. Oh, never mind. &gt;&gt; Gosh, I should come to rehearsal. Um, &gt;&gt; Gosh, I should come to rehearsal. Um, &gt;&gt; Gosh, I should come to rehearsal. Um, okay. Uh, ah, what a lovely evening for okay. Uh, ah, what a lovely evening for okay. Uh, ah, what a lovely evening for a Christmas party. The guest should be a Christmas party. The guest should be a Christmas party. The guest should be arriving any minute. arriving any minute. arriving any minute. Any minute. Any minute. Any minute. [laughter] I sure hope this party's got fruitc I sure hope this party's got fruitc I sure hope this party's got fruitc cake, Dolores. cake, Dolores. cake, Dolores. &gt;&gt; Oh, hey there, Lalen. &gt;&gt; Oh, hey there, Lalen. &gt;&gt; Oh, hey there, Lalen. Welcome to the CHRISTMAS PARTY. Welcome to the CHRISTMAS PARTY. Welcome to the CHRISTMAS PARTY. &gt;&gt; GEE, THANKS. THIS IS DOLORES. SHE'S a &gt;&gt; GEE, THANKS. THIS IS DOLORES. SHE'S a &gt;&gt; GEE, THANKS. THIS IS DOLORES. SHE'S a boomerang fish. boomerang fish. boomerang fish. &gt;&gt; Oh, really? What do you do with a fish &gt;&gt; Oh, really? What do you do with a fish &gt;&gt; Oh, really? What do you do with a fish like that, Lou? like that, Lou? like that, Lou? &gt;&gt; Oh, easy. I THROW THESE FISH AWAY and &gt;&gt; Oh, easy. I THROW THESE FISH AWAY and &gt;&gt; Oh, easy. I THROW THESE FISH AWAY and she comes back to me. she comes back to me. she comes back to me. &gt;&gt; Oh, does she like it when you do that? &gt;&gt; Oh, does she like it when you do that? &gt;&gt; Oh, does she like it when you do that? &gt;&gt; I don't know. I've never heard her carp &gt;&gt; I don't know. I've never heard her carp &gt;&gt; I don't know. I've never heard her carp about it. [laughter] about it. [laughter] about it. [laughter] Merry Christmas, Lou. [applause] Merry Christmas, Lou. [applause] Merry Christmas, Lou. [applause] &gt;&gt; Boy, I really took the bait on that one, &gt;&gt; Boy, I really took the bait on that one, &gt;&gt; Boy, I really took the bait on that one, didn't I? didn't I? didn't I? &gt;&gt; This is a Muppet news flash. A FLEET OF &gt;&gt; This is a Muppet news flash. A FLEET OF &gt;&gt; This is a Muppet news flash. A FLEET OF FLYING FISH HAS BEEN SPOTTED PUDDLING FLYING FISH HAS BEEN SPOTTED PUDDLING FLYING FISH HAS BEEN SPOTTED PUDDLING UNSUSPECTING PEOPLE AT TONIGHT'S UNSUSPECTING PEOPLE AT TONIGHT'S UNSUSPECTING PEOPLE AT TONIGHT'S CHRISTMAS PARTY. &gt;&gt; Are you all right? &gt;&gt; Are you all right? &gt;&gt; Are you all right? &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. But but oh, I' I'd give anything to get But but oh, I' I'd give anything to get But but oh, I' I'd give anything to get rid of this hat. rid of this hat. rid of this hat. Do you need an aspirin? Do you need an aspirin? Do you need an aspirin? &gt;&gt; No. I need you to take this hat. &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas, Newsman. If you need &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas, Newsman. If you need &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas, Newsman. If you need anything else, let me mow. Let let me anything else, let me mow. Let let me anything else, let me mow. Let let me know. Minnow. Let me let me know. &gt;&gt; Is this the way to the party? &gt;&gt; Is this the way to the party? &gt;&gt; Is this the way to the party? &gt;&gt; You have to be awful Deadly. &gt;&gt; You have to be awful Deadly. &gt;&gt; You have to be awful Deadly. &gt;&gt; Well, I can only stay a moment. No, &gt;&gt; Well, I can only stay a moment. No, &gt;&gt; Well, I can only stay a moment. No, you're not a fan of parties. you're not a fan of parties. you're not a fan of parties. &gt;&gt; Oh, heavens no. Too much frivolity, &gt;&gt; Oh, heavens no. Too much frivolity, &gt;&gt; Oh, heavens no. Too much frivolity, too much laughter, and you know, people. too much laughter, and you know, people. too much laughter, and you know, people. In fact, the whole holiday season's a In fact, the whole holiday season's a In fact, the whole holiday season's a bit much for me. bit much for me. bit much for me. &gt;&gt; Come on, there's something you got to &gt;&gt; Come on, there's something you got to &gt;&gt; Come on, there's something you got to like about the holidays. like about the holidays. like about the holidays. &gt;&gt; Well, there is [clears throat] one &gt;&gt; Well, there is [clears throat] one &gt;&gt; Well, there is [clears throat] one thing. I like the spirits. &gt;&gt; Oh, you mean the drinks? &gt;&gt; Oh, you mean the drinks? &gt;&gt; Oh, you mean the drinks? &gt;&gt; No, the three spirits that visit me &gt;&gt; No, the three spirits that visit me &gt;&gt; No, the three spirits that visit me every [laughter] Christmas Eve, begging every [laughter] Christmas Eve, begging every [laughter] Christmas Eve, begging me to change my ways. Well, but but you me to change my ways. Well, but but you me to change my ways. Well, but but you know because it's Christmas. know because it's Christmas. know because it's Christmas. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; We have something special for you. &gt;&gt; We have something special for you. &gt;&gt; We have something special for you. &gt;&gt; For me? &gt;&gt; For me? &gt;&gt; For me? &gt;&gt; A present for you? Yes. &gt;&gt; A present for you? Yes. &gt;&gt; A present for you? Yes. &gt;&gt; Oh, goody. &gt;&gt; Oh, goody. &gt;&gt; Oh, goody. &gt;&gt; We have courtesy of our friends at Lug. &gt;&gt; We have courtesy of our friends at Lug. &gt;&gt; We have courtesy of our friends at Lug. &gt;&gt; This beautiful bag with your likeness on &gt;&gt; This beautiful bag with your likeness on &gt;&gt; This beautiful bag with your likeness on it. it. it. &gt;&gt; Oh, [cheering] &gt;&gt; Oh, [cheering] &gt;&gt; Oh, [cheering] &gt;&gt; how lovely. &gt;&gt; how lovely. &gt;&gt; how lovely. &gt;&gt; Yes. Give it to Mrs. Gley. Is there a &gt;&gt; Yes. Give it to Mrs. Gley. Is there a &gt;&gt; Yes. Give it to Mrs. Gley. Is there a Mrs. Dudley? Mrs. Dudley? Mrs. Dudley? &gt;&gt; I shan speak of it. Excuse me. &gt;&gt; I shan speak of it. Excuse me. &gt;&gt; I shan speak of it. Excuse me. &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas. Goodbye. [applause] &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Hello, Sam. &gt;&gt; Hello, Sam. &gt;&gt; Hello, Sam. &gt;&gt; I'm here to welcome you to the party. &gt;&gt; I'm here to welcome you to the party. &gt;&gt; I'm here to welcome you to the party. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; Yes, Sam. Is that all right? &gt;&gt; Yes, Sam. Is that all right? &gt;&gt; Yes, Sam. Is that all right? &gt;&gt; Well, you are the first person people &gt;&gt; Well, you are the first person people &gt;&gt; Well, you are the first person people see when they enter the party. You could see when they enter the party. You could see when they enter the party. You could certainly use a bit more panache. certainly use a bit more panache. certainly use a bit more panache. &gt;&gt; I don't have panache. &gt;&gt; I don't have panache. &gt;&gt; I don't have panache. &gt;&gt; Your energy must be cordial but serious, &gt;&gt; Your energy must be cordial but serious, &gt;&gt; Your energy must be cordial but serious, friendly, but not too chumped. And above friendly, but not too chumped. And above friendly, but not too chumped. And above all else, there must be no lolly all else, there must be no lolly all else, there must be no lolly gagging, no shenanigans, and definitely gagging, no shenanigans, and definitely gagging, no shenanigans, and definitely no walking against the wind like a mine. no walking against the wind like a mine. no walking against the wind like a mine. That is annoying to everyone. [laughter] That is annoying to everyone. [laughter] That is annoying to everyone. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Is that understood? &gt;&gt; Is that understood? &gt;&gt; Is that understood? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Well, you could lighten up a bit. &gt;&gt; Well, you could lighten up a bit. &gt;&gt; Well, you could lighten up a bit. &gt;&gt; Sorry. &gt;&gt; Sorry. &gt;&gt; Sorry. &gt;&gt; And don't apologize. &gt;&gt; And don't apologize. &gt;&gt; And don't apologize. &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas, Sam. &gt;&gt; Are you here for the party? girl. &gt;&gt; Are you here for the party? girl. &gt;&gt; Are you here for the party? girl. &gt;&gt; Great. Well, listen. Come on in. I I &gt;&gt; Great. Well, listen. Come on in. I I &gt;&gt; Great. Well, listen. Come on in. I I grab a drink. Grab some food. Everything grab a drink. Grab some food. Everything grab a drink. Grab some food. Everything is delicious. Especially the freerange is delicious. Especially the freerange is delicious. Especially the freerange roasted rotissery. Uh try the dessert table. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas to me. &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas to me. &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas to me. [cheering and applause] [cheering] &gt;&gt; Right this way, animal. &gt;&gt; Right this way, animal. &gt;&gt; Right this way, animal. &gt;&gt; NO. NO. NO, THAT'S WHERE THE PARTY IS. &gt;&gt; NO. NO. NO, THAT'S WHERE THE PARTY IS. &gt;&gt; NO. NO. NO, THAT'S WHERE THE PARTY IS. YEAH. [cheering] OH, fist bump. Yeah. OH, fist bump. Yeah. OH, fist bump. Yeah. Oh, you said that. you said that. you said that. &gt;&gt; No. No. No. Yeah. Hi. Hi. Hi. Everybody. &gt;&gt; No. No. No. Yeah. Hi. Hi. Hi. Everybody. &gt;&gt; No. No. No. Yeah. Hi. Hi. Hi. Everybody. [cheering] [cheering] [cheering] Hi. Hi. Hi. H. Merry Christmas. Animal. H. Merry Christmas. Animal. H. Merry Christmas. Animal. Animal. Animal. Animal. Animal. Animal. Animal. &gt;&gt; Animal. Not coming when he's called, &gt;&gt; Animal. Not coming when he's called, &gt;&gt; Animal. Not coming when he's called, huh? No. huh? No. huh? No. &gt;&gt; Here. Use this squeak toy. That'll do &gt;&gt; Here. Use this squeak toy. That'll do &gt;&gt; Here. Use this squeak toy. That'll do it. Peace out. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh god, this is my least favorite part. on parties that way. Merry Christmas. [cheering] [applause] &gt;&gt; He doesn't bite &gt;&gt; He doesn't bite &gt;&gt; He doesn't bite hard. And that's the Christmas party hard. And that's the Christmas party hard. And that's the Christmas party sketch. [cheering]
