---
video_id: ScMRSopQJ64
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Friday Night Live Stream Announcement - 11-28-25 - Walt Disney World Live Stream"
published: 2025-11-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ScMRSopQJ64
---
Guess what day it is? That's right. It's Friday Night Live. And tonight, I am really excited that I will be live streaming at the opening night of the Epcot Festival of the Holidays. It's going to be so so awesome. One of my favorite times of the year because we get to see the first night of the Epcot Candlelight Processional. And uh tonight is going to be so incredible. It's a beautiful huge choir with a full orchestra and of course our celebrity narrator who tonight is Constance Woo. So, that'll be really nice to see her narrate the Christmas story and as well as all the voices from cast members to area high school choirs to all of the different orchestra members that are professionals from all over the area performing and playing some beautiful music to get you into the holiday spirit. It's going to be awesome. If you've never seen it before, you definitely want to tune in for this one. I do have a dining package reservation for the 5:00 p.m. show. So, that means that I will be able to get really, really great seating for that 5:00 p.m. show. So, it's going to be awesome. So, we are going to be starting the live stream a little bit early. We'll probably start just a little bit before 5 so that we're ready when the show starts at 5. So, it won't be a 6:00 Friday Night Live like normal. It'll be closer to 5 or maybe 4:55. So, stay tuned for that and definitely don't be late to the live stream because uh you definitely don't want to miss the Candlelight Processional starting at uh 5:00 p.m. Eastern time. So, definitely set your alarm, set your reminders, and all that. And uh we'll see you there. It's going to be super super awesome. And then of course after that, maybe we'll go ride the land with the amazing amazing glittering green houses, the crazy awesome Christmas site display that they have there. That is super awesome. We saw it on Wednesday night with Jenna and I saw it a couple nights ago as well myself. So it's going to be absolutely incredible. So definitely don't miss that. Um and we'll stroll around and see what other holiday happenings we can see around Epcot and what food offerings they have for festival holidays as well. So it's going to be an action-packed night. You definitely don't want to miss it. starting a little before 5:00 p.m. Eastern time, not 6:00. As for Saturday, I'm probably not going to stream Saturday night. Actually going to be premiering a Christmas ambiance video. So, it's 12 hours of Christmas ambiance and I'll just be premiering that probably most of the day. So, stay tuned. Come on the stream there. It'll be like not a live stream, but a premiere uh where you can see all the uh beautiful, beautiful pictures I've taken and put snow with them and then also hear all the gorgeous Christmas music. So, that's going to be something that'll be premiering on Saturday. So, something for you to watch throughout the holidays as you're uh having holiday gatherings, just want some Christmas ambiance, maybe even decorating your tree if you haven't done that yet. We did ours uh yesterday on Thursday on Thanksgiving. So, that's kind of a tradition for us. So, that's been fun and it's beautiful and it looks amazing. So, I hope you uh had a great Thanksgiving with your family and friends. And uh definitely can't wait to see you tonight for Friday Night Live at Epcot Candlelight Processional and Festival of the Holidays. Uh again, we'll see you tonight at about 4:55 Eastern time, a little bit earlier than normal. So definitely uh be sure that you're there because you're not going to want to miss the candle light. Also, before we go, please be sure to check out our awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below. Mickey blog and mickeyras.com as well as resort tv1homes.com. Uh we've also got davisdcrenals, dbcrequest.com/tv, Dreamtable app. We've got Parknacker. Uh, we've also got layer onetone techchnology.com for all of your IT needs. Um, and we also have behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. So, definitely check out all of our awesome sponsors. Again, links are in the description down below. And, uh, we'll see you tonight everybody. All right. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. [Music]
