---
video_id: b_pct34p0Cg
channel: ResortTV1
title: "A Huge Celebration Friday Night Live Announcement! - 12-19-25 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2025-12-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_pct34p0Cg
---
Guess what day it is? That's right. It's Guess what day it is? That's right. It's Guess what day it is? That's right. It's Friday Night Live. And tonight, we're Friday Night Live. And tonight, we're Friday Night Live. And tonight, we're celebrating something really, really celebrating something really, really celebrating something really, really special. We finally hit a really major special. We finally hit a really major special. We finally hit a really major milestone. And we're excited to milestone. And we're excited to milestone. And we're excited to celebrate with you tonight that Resort celebrate with you tonight that Resort celebrate with you tonight that Resort TV 1 just hit 100 million views. That's TV 1 just hit 100 million views. That's TV 1 just hit 100 million views. That's right. It's so amazing. Such an right. It's so amazing. Such an right. It's so amazing. Such an incredible amount of views. And it's incredible amount of views. And it's incredible amount of views. And it's almost unfathomable just how many views almost unfathomable just how many views almost unfathomable just how many views to all of you for watching our videos to all of you for watching our videos to all of you for watching our videos and for continuing to watch our videos and for continuing to watch our videos and for continuing to watch our videos uh that we're excited to celebrate uh that we're excited to celebrate uh that we're excited to celebrate tonight with you at 6:00 Eastern time tonight with you at 6:00 Eastern time tonight with you at 6:00 Eastern time for Friday Night Live at the Magic for Friday Night Live at the Magic for Friday Night Live at the Magic Kingdom Montreal Resorts. So, we're Kingdom Montreal Resorts. So, we're Kingdom Montreal Resorts. So, we're going to do our Magic Kingdom holiday going to do our Magic Kingdom holiday going to do our Magic Kingdom holiday resort hop like we do every year and uh resort hop like we do every year and uh resort hop like we do every year and uh just enjoy all the decorations at the just enjoy all the decorations at the just enjoy all the decorations at the Magic Kingdom resorts, the Polynesian, Magic Kingdom resorts, the Polynesian, Magic Kingdom resorts, the Polynesian, the Grand Fian, the Contemporary, and of the Grand Fian, the Contemporary, and of the Grand Fian, the Contemporary, and of course then later on tonight at 10 p.m. course then later on tonight at 10 p.m. course then later on tonight at 10 p.m. we'll watch the uh Minnie's wonderful we'll watch the uh Minnie's wonderful we'll watch the uh Minnie's wonderful Christmas time fireworks from the top of Christmas time fireworks from the top of Christmas time fireworks from the top of the Contemporary so you can see all of the Contemporary so you can see all of the Contemporary so you can see all of the perimeter fireworks and everything the perimeter fireworks and everything the perimeter fireworks and everything from that amazing show. Can't wait to do from that amazing show. Can't wait to do from that amazing show. Can't wait to do that. But also can't wait to celebrate that. But also can't wait to celebrate that. But also can't wait to celebrate almost at 100 million subscribers. We're almost at 100 million subscribers. We're almost at 100 million subscribers. We're not quite there yet. That's like Mr. not quite there yet. That's like Mr. not quite there yet. That's like Mr. Beast numbers. I think he's like 200 Beast numbers. I think he's like 200 Beast numbers. I think he's like 200 million or something. I don't know. million or something. I don't know. million or something. I don't know. Either way, but 100 million views is Either way, but 100 million views is Either way, but 100 million views is pretty amazing. Um I remember when we pretty amazing. Um I remember when we pretty amazing. Um I remember when we hit 100,000 views like several years hit 100,000 views like several years hit 100,000 views like several years ago, and I thought, you know, that was a ago, and I thought, you know, that was a ago, and I thought, you know, that was a huge deal cuz it is. But 100 million is huge deal cuz it is. But 100 million is huge deal cuz it is. But 100 million is just absolutely mind-blowing. And I'm just absolutely mind-blowing. And I'm just absolutely mind-blowing. And I'm really really thankful. I know Jenna really really thankful. I know Jenna really really thankful. I know Jenna will we'll talk more tonight about the will we'll talk more tonight about the will we'll talk more tonight about the same thing. She feels really thankful as same thing. She feels really thankful as same thing. She feels really thankful as well. Uh, and we're just really grateful well. Uh, and we're just really grateful well. Uh, and we're just really grateful to celebrate that with you tonight as we to celebrate that with you tonight as we to celebrate that with you tonight as we enjoy a relaxing evening around the enjoy a relaxing evening around the enjoy a relaxing evening around the Magic Kingdom Montreal Resort. So, Magic Kingdom Montreal Resort. So, Magic Kingdom Montreal Resort. So, definitely join us tonight 600 p.m. definitely join us tonight 600 p.m. definitely join us tonight 600 p.m. Eastern time for all of that. We can Eastern time for all of that. We can Eastern time for all of that. We can also talk a little bit more about our also talk a little bit more about our also talk a little bit more about our amazing week seeing Happily Ever After amazing week seeing Happily Ever After amazing week seeing Happily Ever After sung live uh by Jordan Fischer and Angie sung live uh by Jordan Fischer and Angie sung live uh by Jordan Fischer and Angie K. If you haven't seen that, the video K. If you haven't seen that, the video K. If you haven't seen that, the video is up on the channel here on YouTube. is up on the channel here on YouTube. is up on the channel here on YouTube. There's also reals on Instagram. You can There's also reals on Instagram. You can There's also reals on Instagram. You can go check those out and see more about go check those out and see more about go check those out and see more about our amazing time that we had on Monday our amazing time that we had on Monday our amazing time that we had on Monday at the uh Magical Mary celebration or at the uh Magical Mary celebration or at the uh Magical Mary celebration or the Merry Magical Celebration, I'm the Merry Magical Celebration, I'm the Merry Magical Celebration, I'm sorry. But either way, it was absolutely sorry. But either way, it was absolutely sorry. But either way, it was absolutely amazing. So, lots of cool things to talk amazing. So, lots of cool things to talk amazing. So, lots of cool things to talk about tonight. And then, of course, about tonight. And then, of course, about tonight. And then, of course, tomorrow for Saturday, I'll probably end tomorrow for Saturday, I'll probably end tomorrow for Saturday, I'll probably end up at Magic Kingdom. We'll see how that up at Magic Kingdom. We'll see how that up at Magic Kingdom. We'll see how that all goes. So, stay tuned. But definitely all goes. So, stay tuned. But definitely all goes. So, stay tuned. But definitely tonight, we'll be live 600 PM Eastern tonight, we'll be live 600 PM Eastern tonight, we'll be live 600 PM Eastern time at the Magic Kingdom Montreal time at the Magic Kingdom Montreal time at the Magic Kingdom Montreal Resorts. So, we'll see you there. And uh Resorts. So, we'll see you there. And uh Resorts. So, we'll see you there. And uh we can't wait to celebrate 100 million we can't wait to celebrate 100 million we can't wait to celebrate 100 million views with you on YouTube. just views with you on YouTube. just views with you on YouTube. just mind-blowing. Can't even believe it. I'm mind-blowing. Can't even believe it. I'm mind-blowing. Can't even believe it. I'm kind of shocked. Um I just I never kind of shocked. Um I just I never kind of shocked. Um I just I never thought that it would get to this point thought that it would get to this point thought that it would get to this point when we started this channel years ago. when we started this channel years ago. when we started this channel years ago. Um it's it's just really insane. So Um it's it's just really insane. So Um it's it's just really insane. So anyway, thank you for all your support anyway, thank you for all your support anyway, thank you for all your support and we'll thank you, you know, more and we'll thank you, you know, more and we'll thank you, you know, more tonight so that everybody can watch and tonight so that everybody can watch and tonight so that everybody can watch and just uh really um hopefully understand just uh really um hopefully understand just uh really um hopefully understand how grateful we are for you guys how grateful we are for you guys how grateful we are for you guys continuing to support us over all these continuing to support us over all these continuing to support us over all these years. We know there's a lot of things years. We know there's a lot of things years. We know there's a lot of things to watch and a lot of things to do and to watch and a lot of things to do and to watch and a lot of things to do and the fact that you continue to watch us the fact that you continue to watch us the fact that you continue to watch us is really really just very humbling. So, is really really just very humbling. So, is really really just very humbling. So, thank you. Uh, so definitely see you thank you. Uh, so definitely see you thank you. Uh, so definitely see you tonight at 600 p. p.m. Eastern time at tonight at 600 p. p.m. Eastern time at tonight at 600 p. p.m. Eastern time at Magic Kingdom Monro Resorts. And be sure Magic Kingdom Monro Resorts. And be sure Magic Kingdom Monro Resorts. And be sure to check out our awesome sponsors. Links to check out our awesome sponsors. Links to check out our awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below. Uh, are in the description down below. Uh, are in the description down below. Uh, we'll start with mickeyras.com. If you we'll start with mickeyras.com. If you we'll start with mickeyras.com. If you want to book your next trip right here want to book your next trip right here want to book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World, just check out to Walt Disney World, just check out to Walt Disney World, just check out mickeytras.com. mickeytras.com. mickeytras.com. Also, mickeyblog.com for the latest Also, mickeyblog.com for the latest Also, mickeyblog.com for the latest Disney news. We also have Disney news. We also have Disney news. We also have resorthomes.com. If you want to find resorthomes.com. If you want to find resorthomes.com. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, your dream home here in Central Florida, your dream home here in Central Florida, check out resorttv1homes.com. Click on check out resorttv1homes.com. Click on check out resorttv1homes.com. Click on contact us. one of our expert realtors contact us. one of our expert realtors contact us. one of our expert realtors brokered by EXP Realy. We'll help you brokered by EXP Realy. We'll help you brokered by EXP Realy. We'll help you find your dream home here in Central find your dream home here in Central find your dream home here in Central Florida. Uh we're closing a another Florida. Uh we're closing a another Florida. Uh we're closing a another house here pretty soon from some awesome house here pretty soon from some awesome house here pretty soon from some awesome hoppers who found their dream home here hoppers who found their dream home here hoppers who found their dream home here in Central Florida. So definitely uh in Central Florida. So definitely uh in Central Florida. So definitely uh find your dream home and uh really enjoy find your dream home and uh really enjoy find your dream home and uh really enjoy living down here in Central Florida living down here in Central Florida living down here in Central Florida close to the magic. Uh we also have close to the magic. Uh we also have close to the magic. Uh we also have Davis DVC Rentals, DVCrequest.com/tv Davis DVC Rentals, DVCrequest.com/tv Davis DVC Rentals, DVCrequest.com/tv if you want to rent a DVC room for a if you want to rent a DVC room for a if you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost. We also have fraction of the cost. We also have fraction of the cost. We also have Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. two great books that you can on Amazon. two great books that you can on Amazon. two great books that you can check out if you want to learn more check out if you want to learn more check out if you want to learn more about the history of the parks and all about the history of the parks and all about the history of the parks and all kinds of fun facts about your favorite kinds of fun facts about your favorite kinds of fun facts about your favorite rides. Uh we also have Dream Table if rides. Uh we also have Dream Table if rides. Uh we also have Dream Table if it's an app on iOS that lets you get the it's an app on iOS that lets you get the it's an app on iOS that lets you get the hardest reservations to get at all the hardest reservations to get at all the hardest reservations to get at all the Disney parks. So definitely check out Disney parks. So definitely check out Disney parks. So definitely check out Dreamtable app. We also have layer 1 Dreamtable app. We also have layer 1 Dreamtable app. We also have layer 1 technology if you want uh it support for technology if you want uh it support for technology if you want uh it support for your small or mediumsiz business. Wait your small or mediumsiz business. Wait your small or mediumsiz business. Wait time signs, we got weightsigns.com if time signs, we got weightsigns.com if time signs, we got weightsigns.com if you want to get some awesome either a you want to get some awesome either a you want to get some awesome either a waittime display or waittime sign. Use waittime display or waittime sign. Use waittime display or waittime sign. Use code resort 15 for 15% off. Uh, and we code resort 15 for 15% off. Uh, and we code resort 15 for 15% off. Uh, and we just really appreciate all our sponsors just really appreciate all our sponsors just really appreciate all our sponsors supporting us over the years. And, uh, supporting us over the years. And, uh, supporting us over the years. And, uh, we hope to see you tonight at 600 p.m. we hope to see you tonight at 600 p.m. we hope to see you tonight at 600 p.m. Eastern time so that we can celebrate Eastern time so that we can celebrate Eastern time so that we can celebrate we'll see you soon. So, for now, have a we'll see you soon. So, for now, have a we'll see you soon. So, for now, have a great, big, beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. great, big, beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. great, big, beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Now that you finished watching this Now that you finished watching this Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so video, be sure that you're subscribed so video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. that you can get all the latest updates. that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos Also, check out some other great videos Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big, on our channel. Have a great big, on our channel. Have a great big, beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. [Music]
