---
video_id: xt9Ryw8xFj8
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Best Jingle Cruise Skipper Ever!! Christmas 2025 - Magic Kingdom - Walt Disney World"
published: 2025-12-27
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xt9Ryw8xFj8
---
Wrong ride. That's the wrong ride. Okay, Wrong ride. That's the wrong ride. Okay, Wrong ride. That's the wrong ride. Okay, guys. I'm going to wrap some presents guys. I'm going to wrap some presents guys. I'm going to wrap some presents for you really quick. &gt;&gt; Presents. Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle &gt;&gt; Presents. Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle &gt;&gt; Presents. Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle. Toss them in. Watch your hand. wiggle. Toss them in. Watch your hand. wiggle. Toss them in. Watch your hand. Watch your step. Watch your step. Watch your step. &gt;&gt; Okay, I'm done with this. Watch your &gt;&gt; Okay, I'm done with this. Watch your &gt;&gt; Okay, I'm done with this. Watch your hand. Watch your step. Use those hand. Watch your step. Use those hand. Watch your step. Use those handbells, my friend. You're going to handbells, my friend. You're going to handbells, my friend. You're going to slide right here next to my jingle shoe slide right here next to my jingle shoe slide right here next to my jingle shoe for me. Don't worry. I watched it like for me. Don't worry. I watched it like for me. Don't worry. I watched it like four months ago. Sure it shouldn't four months ago. Sure it shouldn't four months ago. Sure it shouldn't smell. smell. smell. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; That bad. Watch around. Have you used &gt;&gt; That bad. Watch around. Have you used &gt;&gt; That bad. Watch around. Have you used those handrails, my friends? You're those handrails, my friends? You're those handrails, my friends? You're going to slide all the way down for me. going to slide all the way down for me. going to slide all the way down for me. All right. All the way down here. All right. All the way down here. All right. All the way down here. &gt;&gt; Come on down, buddy. Yeah. You're going &gt;&gt; Come on down, buddy. Yeah. You're going &gt;&gt; Come on down, buddy. Yeah. You're going to sit right here on the magic square to sit right here on the magic square to sit right here on the magic square for me. Ooh, magic square. Yeah. You for me. Ooh, magic square. Yeah. You for me. Ooh, magic square. Yeah. You know why we call that the magic square? know why we call that the magic square? know why we call that the magic square? &gt;&gt; We can't legally call it an ejector seat &gt;&gt; We can't legally call it an ejector seat &gt;&gt; We can't legally call it an ejector seat anymore. Watch your use those handrails. anymore. Watch your use those handrails. anymore. Watch your use those handrails. Feel free to come on board. Although, I Feel free to come on board. Although, I Feel free to come on board. Although, I would prefer if you came on excited. would prefer if you came on excited. would prefer if you came on excited. That being said, once we are all on That being said, once we are all on That being said, once we are all on board, we're going to make like a board, we're going to make like a board, we're going to make like a drinkle, take this thing for a spin. You drinkle, take this thing for a spin. You drinkle, take this thing for a spin. You know what I'm saying? It's going to be know what I'm saying? It's going to be know what I'm saying? It's going to be fun. Yeah, guys. Any seat on the same fun. Yeah, guys. Any seat on the same fun. Yeah, guys. Any seat on the same side as our family for me. Oh, we're not side as our family for me. Oh, we're not side as our family for me. Oh, we're not double down. That works, too. Watch your double down. That works, too. Watch your double down. That works, too. Watch your head. Watch your step. Use those head. Watch your step. Use those head. Watch your step. Use those handrails, guys. We got a pretty full handrails, guys. We got a pretty full handrails, guys. We got a pretty full boat here tonight. It's going to be fun, boat here tonight. It's going to be fun, boat here tonight. It's going to be fun, my friends. Thank you for sitting in the my friends. Thank you for sitting in the my friends. Thank you for sitting in the doorway there. It's going to help keep doorway there. It's going to help keep doorway there. It's going to help keep the water out clear. I'm kidding, guys. the water out clear. I'm kidding, guys. the water out clear. I'm kidding, guys. I'm kidding. When a boat's upside down, I'm kidding. When a boat's upside down, I'm kidding. When a boat's upside down, nothing gets the water out. For your nothing gets the water out. For your nothing gets the water out. For your safety, please remain seated with all safety, please remain seated with all safety, please remain seated with all hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat, and supervise your children. boat, and supervise your children. boat, and supervise your children. Children, supervise your parents. I Children, supervise your parents. I Children, supervise your parents. I don't trust them either. Now, everybody, don't trust them either. Now, everybody, don't trust them either. Now, everybody, welcome to the world famous Jingle welcome to the world famous Jingle welcome to the world famous Jingle Cruise, where we are famous around the Cruise, where we are famous around the Cruise, where we are famous around the world for being world for being world for being world famous. Now, some of you might be world famous. Now, some of you might be world famous. Now, some of you might be asking yourselves, who's this UPS driver asking yourselves, who's this UPS driver asking yourselves, who's this UPS driver in front of me? And let me tell you, my in front of me? And let me tell you, my in front of me? And let me tell you, my name's Skipper Ryan and I'll be your name's Skipper Ryan and I'll be your name's Skipper Ryan and I'll be your trail spinner, your manora lighter, your trail spinner, your manora lighter, your trail spinner, your manora lighter, your guilt taster, your lock fryer, and for guilt taster, your lock fryer, and for guilt taster, your lock fryer, and for the next 4 hours, your ho ho host. Guys, the next 4 hours, your ho ho host. Guys, the next 4 hours, your ho ho host. Guys, we're at a deep end of the Amazon today. we're at a deep end of the Amazon today. we're at a deep end of the Amazon today. And if you check out either side of the And if you check out either side of the And if you check out either side of the boat, you might spot some large insects boat, you might spot some large insects boat, you might spot some large insects lurking in the jungle. These are the lurking in the jungle. These are the lurking in the jungle. These are the rare and elusive bomb humbug. Yeah, if rare and elusive bomb humbug. Yeah, if rare and elusive bomb humbug. Yeah, if you listen closely, you can hear their you listen closely, you can hear their you listen closely, you can hear their call in the wild. A A A &gt;&gt; nature. Now, we do get a lot of bugs &gt;&gt; nature. Now, we do get a lot of bugs &gt;&gt; nature. Now, we do get a lot of bugs this time of year. If you feel your skin this time of year. If you feel your skin this time of year. If you feel your skin get itchy, it's probably the freeze. get itchy, it's probably the freeze. get itchy, it's probably the freeze. Naughty nodded. We also get a lot of Naughty nodded. We also get a lot of Naughty nodded. We also get a lot of rain. It rains 365 days a year. For rain. It rains 365 days a year. For rain. It rains 365 days a year. For those who keeping track, that is almost those who keeping track, that is almost those who keeping track, that is almost every day except for on a leap year. every day except for on a leap year. every day except for on a leap year. Speaking of leaping, boom, two frogs on Speaking of leaping, boom, two frogs on Speaking of leaping, boom, two frogs on a log. a log. a log. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I bet you didn't realize you were &gt;&gt; Yeah, I bet you didn't realize you were &gt;&gt; Yeah, I bet you didn't realize you were on Tiana's Bayou in the picture. I'm on Tiana's Bayou in the picture. I'm on Tiana's Bayou in the picture. I'm kidding, guys. This drop is way bigger kidding, guys. This drop is way bigger kidding, guys. This drop is way bigger than that one. And now folks, we're than that one. And now folks, we're than that one. And now folks, we're making our way onto the Congo now cuz I making our way onto the Congo now cuz I making our way onto the Congo now cuz I want to see how far all of us congo want to see how far all of us congo want to see how far all of us congo together for anybody who likes to read together for anybody who likes to read together for anybody who likes to read and check it. That's the Jungle Book first edition box That's the Jungle Book first edition box That's the Jungle Book first edition box set, but we're going to breeze by that set, but we're going to breeze by that set, but we're going to breeze by that to make our way to boats and baits and to make our way to boats and baits and to make our way to boats and baits and bites. Triple B here's getting set up bites. Triple B here's getting set up bites. Triple B here's getting set up for the holidays. Let's wish them well. for the holidays. Let's wish them well. for the holidays. Let's wish them well. Merry Christmas. Happy Piranica. Merry Christmas. Happy Piranica. Merry Christmas. Happy Piranica. You guys know that one, the festival of You guys know that one, the festival of You guys know that one, the festival of lights. Any Okay, this is a mistake. lights. Any Okay, this is a mistake. lights. Any Okay, this is a mistake. This was supposed to be a partridge in a This was supposed to be a partridge in a This was supposed to be a partridge in a pair of trees, but since a python, fun pair of trees, but since a python, fun pair of trees, but since a python, fun fact, they can grow up to 20 ft. I think fact, they can grow up to 20 ft. I think fact, they can grow up to 20 ft. I think that that's crazy. Yeah, I can only grow that that's crazy. Yeah, I can only grow that that's crazy. Yeah, I can only grow two of those. Explosive reaction. Am I two of those. Explosive reaction. Am I two of those. Explosive reaction. Am I right? I wonder what all that noise is. right? I wonder what all that noise is. right? I wonder what all that noise is. Stay cool, everybody. Stay cool right Stay cool, everybody. Stay cool right Stay cool, everybody. Stay cool right now. My family is throwing a holiday now. My family is throwing a holiday now. My family is throwing a holiday party up there. I told them I'm out of party up there. I told them I'm out of party up there. I told them I'm out of town. Never stop stealing. I forgot to town. Never stop stealing. I forgot to town. Never stop stealing. I forgot to notice. No, I wasn't trying to sneak by. That No, I wasn't trying to sneak by. That No, I wasn't trying to sneak by. That would be crazy. I did see your dog on would be crazy. I did see your dog on would be crazy. I did see your dog on the full ride. You must be so proud. the full ride. You must be so proud. the full ride. You must be so proud. How's my mom feel about my job? How's my mom feel about my job? How's my mom feel about my job? &gt;&gt; She wants it, guys. SHE DOESN'T LOVE IT. &gt;&gt; She wants it, guys. SHE DOESN'T LOVE IT. &gt;&gt; She wants it, guys. SHE DOESN'T LOVE IT. WE GOT TO GET OUT of here. We make our WE GOT TO GET OUT of here. We make our WE GOT TO GET OUT of here. We make our way on through Nile River. And if you way on through Nile River. And if you way on through Nile River. And if you look right over here, you're going to look right over here, you're going to look right over here, you're going to see an African bull elephant. Fun fact, see an African bull elephant. Fun fact, see an African bull elephant. Fun fact, those guys have one of the best memories those guys have one of the best memories those guys have one of the best memories in the jungle. It's true. I wish I had a in the jungle. It's true. I wish I had a in the jungle. It's true. I wish I had a memory like that and probably help me memory like that and probably help me memory like that and probably help me with my job. Oh, guys, an African bull with my job. Oh, guys, an African bull with my job. Oh, guys, an African bull elephant. Fun fact about those guys. elephant. Fun fact about those guys. elephant. Fun fact about those guys. They have one of the best memories in They have one of the best memories in They have one of the best memories in the jungle. It's true. I wish I had a the jungle. It's true. I wish I had a the jungle. It's true. I wish I had a memory like that and probably help me memory like that and probably help me memory like that and probably help me with my job. with my job. with my job. &gt;&gt; What was I talking about? It doesn't &gt;&gt; What was I talking about? It doesn't &gt;&gt; What was I talking about? It doesn't matter, guys. We're on the African belt matter, guys. We're on the African belt matter, guys. We're on the African belt to check out one of our border to check out one of our border to check out one of our border attractions. Yeah, that's Jingle Bell attractions. Yeah, that's Jingle Bell attractions. Yeah, that's Jingle Bell Rock back there. So don't take it for Rock back there. So don't take it for Rock back there. So don't take it for granted and share my sediments cuz I granted and share my sediments cuz I granted and share my sediments cuz I think it's pretty think it's pretty think it's pretty I don't know econas guys. I have five I don't know econas guys. I have five I don't know econas guys. I have five rock puns in my pocket. That would be rock puns in my pocket. That would be rock puns in my pocket. That would be wild. No, if you want to see wild, you wild. No, if you want to see wild, you wild. No, if you want to see wild, you got to look right over the mayor where a got to look right over the mayor where a got to look right over the mayor where a pride of lions is gathered together for pride of lions is gathered together for pride of lions is gathered together for the same reason we all do this time of the same reason we all do this time of the same reason we all do this time of year. Yeah, that's right, guys. It's a year. Yeah, that's right, guys. It's a year. Yeah, that's right, guys. It's a holiday feast. And check it out. They're holiday feast. And check it out. They're holiday feast. And check it out. They're having zebra on the rocks. having zebra on the rocks. having zebra on the rocks. I'm kidding, guys. Guys, he's fine. I'm kidding, guys. Guys, he's fine. I'm kidding, guys. Guys, he's fine. That's my buddy Emil up there. Yeah, you That's my buddy Emil up there. Yeah, you That's my buddy Emil up there. Yeah, you can tell cuz they're making a meal out can tell cuz they're making a meal out can tell cuz they're making a meal out of him. Now, if you look right here, of him. Now, if you look right here, of him. Now, if you look right here, this is the North Pole. I mean, it's a this is the North Pole. I mean, it's a this is the North Pole. I mean, it's a pole. At the bottom, you're going to see pole. At the bottom, you're going to see pole. At the bottom, you're going to see some elf hyena. You know, Santa's little some elf hyena. You know, Santa's little some elf hyena. You know, Santa's little yelpers. But right above them, you're yelpers. But right above them, you're yelpers. But right above them, you're going to see the good old Schlamos going to see the good old Schlamos going to see the good old Schlamos himself, Skipper Felix. It's his first himself, Skipper Felix. It's his first himself, Skipper Felix. It's his first day today. day today. day today. It's probably also his last day today. It's probably also his last day today. It's probably also his last day today. But then again, guys, what a rhino. Now, But then again, guys, what a rhino. Now, But then again, guys, what a rhino. Now, as we come around this corner, let me as we come around this corner, let me as we come around this corner, let me introduce you all to two more buddies of introduce you all to two more buddies of introduce you all to two more buddies of mine. This is Smiley and Mr. Frost. mine. This is Smiley and Mr. Frost. mine. This is Smiley and Mr. Frost. Smiley is the larger of the two. Very Smiley is the larger of the two. Very Smiley is the larger of the two. Very friendly. Nothing to worry about, but friendly. Nothing to worry about, but friendly. Nothing to worry about, but you do got to be careful around Mr. you do got to be careful around Mr. you do got to be careful around Mr. Frost. Frost. Frost. Frost bites. &gt;&gt; Yeah, typically I get a chilly reaction &gt;&gt; Yeah, typically I get a chilly reaction &gt;&gt; Yeah, typically I get a chilly reaction to that one. Everybody look right here. to that one. Everybody look right here. to that one. Everybody look right here. You're going to see the breathtaking, You're going to see the breathtaking, You're going to see the breathtaking, beautiful bow. bow. bow. Falls, of course, is named after Jungle Falls, of course, is named after Jungle Falls, of course, is named after Jungle Navigation Company founder Dr. Albert Navigation Company founder Dr. Albert Navigation Company founder Dr. Albert Falls. Falls. Falls. &gt;&gt; If you ain't got that one, don't worry. &gt;&gt; If you ain't got that one, don't worry. &gt;&gt; If you ain't got that one, don't worry. We're going to go over it. Now, let me We're going to go over it. Now, let me We're going to go over it. Now, let me point out my favorite plants in the point out my favorite plants in the point out my favorite plants in the jungle. &gt;&gt; I like the green ones. Now, guys, AS WE &gt;&gt; I like the green ones. Now, guys, AS WE &gt;&gt; I like the green ones. Now, guys, AS WE NO, I MESSED UP. I MESSED UP, GUYS. I NO, I MESSED UP. I MESSED UP, GUYS. I NO, I MESSED UP. I MESSED UP, GUYS. I took us into the hippopotamus potato took us into the hippopotamus potato took us into the hippopotamus potato pancake pool. Now recalling that cuz pancake pool. Now recalling that cuz pancake pool. Now recalling that cuz there's a lot to them. Do not worry. I'm there's a lot to them. Do not worry. I'm there's a lot to them. Do not worry. I'm going to scare them off the same way my going to scare them off the same way my going to scare them off the same way my family sciss me off every holiday family sciss me off every holiday family sciss me off every holiday season. season. season. &gt;&gt; When are you getting married? &gt;&gt; When are you getting married? &gt;&gt; When are you getting married? &gt;&gt; I want grandkids. &gt;&gt; I want grandkids. &gt;&gt; I want grandkids. &gt;&gt; They're going to go hide in their room &gt;&gt; They're going to go hide in their room &gt;&gt; They're going to go hide in their room for the next hour. We should be fine. for the next hour. We should be fine. for the next hour. We should be fine. Everybody look right behind me. You're Everybody look right behind me. You're Everybody look right behind me. You're going to see the breathtakingly going to see the breathtakingly going to see the breathtakingly beautiful joke. the woods. A looks like a swinging good the woods. A looks like a swinging good the woods. A looks like a swinging good time. But if I'm being honest, this time time. But if I'm being honest, this time time. But if I'm being honest, this time of year really does stress me out. You of year really does stress me out. You of year really does stress me out. You know, trying to find eight nights worth know, trying to find eight nights worth know, trying to find eight nights worth of gifts for my entire family for of gifts for my entire family for of gifts for my entire family for Hanukkah. It's simply too much. Really Hanukkah. It's simply too much. Really Hanukkah. It's simply too much. Really fills my stomach with butterflies. That guy gets what I'm talking about. That guy gets what I'm talking about. That guy gets what I'm talking about. See guys, eating butterflies. See you See guys, eating butterflies. See you See guys, eating butterflies. See you guys eating butterfly. See you guys. guys eating butterfly. See you guys. guys eating butterfly. See you guys. Never mind, guys. Enough about me. Let's Never mind, guys. Enough about me. Let's Never mind, guys. Enough about me. Let's get back to the tour. And it's time. get back to the tour. And it's time. get back to the tour. And it's time. That's right. It's that time of year. That's right. It's that time of year. That's right. It's that time of year. That time of season. That time of vote That time of season. That time of vote That time of season. That time of vote when we CELEBRATE THE REASON YOU'RE ALL when we CELEBRATE THE REASON YOU'RE ALL when we CELEBRATE THE REASON YOU'RE ALL ON THE JINGLE CRUISE. The one, the only, ON THE JINGLE CRUISE. The one, the only, ON THE JINGLE CRUISE. The one, the only, the beautiful, the breathtaking, the the beautiful, the breathtaking, the the beautiful, the breathtaking, the eighth wonder of the world. The best eighth wonder of the world. The best eighth wonder of the world. The best title. Oh, too. Oh, too. Oh, Oh, too. Oh, too. Oh, Oh, too. Oh, too. Oh, &gt;&gt; killing it. &gt;&gt; killing it. &gt;&gt; killing it. &gt;&gt; Just like H2O. Never mind, guys. That's &gt;&gt; Just like H2O. Never mind, guys. That's &gt;&gt; Just like H2O. Never mind, guys. That's a bit of an explosive joke for my a bit of an explosive joke for my a bit of an explosive joke for my &gt;&gt; Can't see the location. It says &gt;&gt; Can't see the location. It says &gt;&gt; Can't see the location. It says university of something university of something university of something &gt;&gt; jokes periodically. Yeah, you learn what &gt;&gt; jokes periodically. Yeah, you learn what &gt;&gt; jokes periodically. Yeah, you learn what about oxygen and potassium. about oxygen and potassium. about oxygen and potassium. &gt;&gt; It's okay. I think about sodium, but &gt;&gt; It's okay. I think about sodium, but &gt;&gt; It's okay. I think about sodium, but we're on the Mong River. Head towards we're on the Mong River. Head towards we're on the Mong River. Head towards another family tradition. That's right, another family tradition. That's right, another family tradition. That's right, guys. It's time for the trip to Temple. guys. It's time for the trip to Temple. guys. It's time for the trip to Temple. If I remember correctly, I'm supposed to If I remember correctly, I'm supposed to If I remember correctly, I'm supposed to mind my manners. Be very respectful. mind my manners. Be very respectful. mind my manners. Be very respectful. Otherwise, my mom's going to stare at me Otherwise, my mom's going to stare at me Otherwise, my mom's going to stare at me until I feel Yiddish. until I feel Yiddish. until I feel Yiddish. &gt;&gt; By the way, guys, this is where the &gt;&gt; By the way, guys, this is where the &gt;&gt; By the way, guys, this is where the trunk on the ride happens. Make sure trunk on the ride happens. Make sure trunk on the ride happens. Make sure your seat belts are fastened. your seat belts are fastened. your seat belts are fastened. I'm kidding. Tom, everybody, you made it out of Tom, everybody, you made it out of Tom, everybody, you made it out of there. Welcome to the ancient and sacred there. Welcome to the ancient and sacred there. Welcome to the ancient and sacred bathing pool of the Indian elephant. Fun bathing pool of the Indian elephant. Fun bathing pool of the Indian elephant. Fun fact about these guys, they one of the fact about these guys, they one of the fact about these guys, they one of the best memories in the jungle. It's true. best memories in the jungle. It's true. best memories in the jungle. It's true. Wish I had a memory like that. Probably Wish I had a memory like that. Probably Wish I had a memory like that. Probably help me with my job. Now, if you would help me with my job. Now, if you would help me with my job. Now, if you would like to take a photo, feel free. Don't like to take a photo, feel free. Don't like to take a photo, feel free. Don't worry. They all have their trunks on. worry. They all have their trunks on. worry. They all have their trunks on. What was that person? &gt;&gt; Will Kimmy fell down the well? I don't &gt;&gt; Will Kimmy fell down the well? I don't &gt;&gt; Will Kimmy fell down the well? I don't care. Now guys, if you would like. It care. Now guys, if you would like. It care. Now guys, if you would like. It was not a dated reference. They got it. was not a dated reference. They got it. was not a dated reference. They got it. What are you? Sorry. All the elephants What are you? Sorry. All the elephants What are you? Sorry. All the elephants seem TO BE LOSING THEIR MIND. IT'S FINE. seem TO BE LOSING THEIR MIND. IT'S FINE. seem TO BE LOSING THEIR MIND. IT'S FINE. WE'RE GOING TO GET OUT of here. Bigger WE'RE GOING TO GET OUT of here. Bigger WE'RE GOING TO GET OUT of here. Bigger problem. Bigger problem. Duck. Duck. problem. Bigger problem. Duck. Duck. problem. Bigger problem. Duck. Duck. Duck. Duck. Duck. &gt;&gt; Goose. &gt;&gt; Goose. &gt;&gt; Goose. &gt;&gt; Or duck if you're from Minnesota. &gt;&gt; Or duck if you're from Minnesota. &gt;&gt; Or duck if you're from Minnesota. Weirdos. Nah, guys. I'm kidding. I'm Weirdos. Nah, guys. I'm kidding. I'm Weirdos. Nah, guys. I'm kidding. I'm allowed to say that. I'm from Minnesota. allowed to say that. I'm from Minnesota. allowed to say that. I'm from Minnesota. Watch this. I'll prove it. Guys, if you Watch this. I'll prove it. Guys, if you Watch this. I'll prove it. Guys, if you look right up there, you're going to see look right up there, you're going to see look right up there, you're going to see some hibiscus. Yeah. Look right down some hibiscus. Yeah. Look right down some hibiscus. Yeah. Look right down there, you're going to see some low there, you're going to see some low there, you're going to see some low biscus. Ain't that silly? Yeah. Look at biscus. Ain't that silly? Yeah. Look at biscus. Ain't that silly? Yeah. Look at the water there. You might spot some the water there. You might spot some the water there. You might spot some seab biscus. Ain't that just nutty? Oh, seab biscus. Ain't that just nutty? Oh, seab biscus. Ain't that just nutty? Oh, you betcha. Yeah. There used to be more you betcha. Yeah. There used to be more you betcha. Yeah. There used to be more of these jokes. What happened to them? of these jokes. What happened to them? of these jokes. What happened to them? None of your biscuits. Now, I was going None of your biscuits. Now, I was going None of your biscuits. Now, I was going to get us all plants that I never bought to get us all plants that I never bought to get us all plants that I never bought me. So, we're going to have to stop by me. So, we're going to have to stop by me. So, we're going to have to stop by the world famous Jingle Cruise gift the world famous Jingle Cruise gift the world famous Jingle Cruise gift shop. What is happening, guys? They're shop. What is happening, guys? They're shop. What is happening, guys? They're having a boxing match. I hope they keep having a boxing match. I hope they keep having a boxing match. I hope they keep it brief. Oh, an elephant, guys. Fun it brief. Oh, an elephant, guys. Fun it brief. Oh, an elephant, guys. Fun fact about those guys. Did you know they fact about those guys. Did you know they fact about those guys. Did you know they have one of the best memories in the have one of the best memories in the have one of the best memories in the jungle? It's true. I wish I had a memory jungle? It's true. I wish I had a memory jungle? It's true. I wish I had a memory like that. Probably help me with my job. like that. Probably help me with my job. like that. Probably help me with my job. Now, I don't need an elephant's memory Now, I don't need an elephant's memory Now, I don't need an elephant's memory to tell you this next part. For your to tell you this next part. For your to tell you this next part. For your safety, please remain seated with all safety, please remain seated with all safety, please remain seated with all hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat. And supervise your children. boat. And supervise your children. boat. And supervise your children. Children, supervise your parents. We are Children, supervise your parents. We are Children, supervise your parents. We are rapidly approaching the most dangerous rapidly approaching the most dangerous rapidly approaching the most dangerous part of our journey. That's right, the part of our journey. That's right, the part of our journey. That's right, the return to civilization. So once we get return to civilization. So once we get return to civilization. So once we get back to the dock over there, you're back to the dock over there, you're back to the dock over there, you're going to exit through the same door you going to exit through the same door you going to exit through the same door you came in through. Anything else is a came in through. Anything else is a came in through. Anything else is a window, and that would be a real pain. window, and that would be a real pain. window, and that would be a real pain. If you feel your feet getting wet as you If you feel your feet getting wet as you If you feel your feet getting wet as you exit the boat, exit the boat, exit the boat, wrong side, try again. If you do not wrong side, try again. If you do not wrong side, try again. If you do not cross anything in the center crates, cross anything in the center crates, cross anything in the center crates, it's a fire hazard. Yeah, if you cross it's a fire hazard. Yeah, if you cross it's a fire hazard. Yeah, if you cross those crates, you're going to trip. If those crates, you're going to trip. If those crates, you're going to trip. If you trip, you're going to fall. And if you trip, you're going to fall. And if you trip, you're going to fall. And if you fall, I'm going to point and laugh you fall, I'm going to point and laugh you fall, I'm going to point and laugh at you. And then I'm getting fired. So at you. And then I'm getting fired. So at you. And then I'm getting fired. So don't do it. Now, before you guys go, I don't do it. Now, before you guys go, I don't do it. Now, before you guys go, I just want to tell you what my mother just want to tell you what my mother just want to tell you what my mother tells me every single Christmas. She tells me every single Christmas. She tells me every single Christmas. She goes, "Ryan, goes, "Ryan, goes, "Ryan, we're Jewish. We don't do this one." we're Jewish. We don't do this one." we're Jewish. We don't do this one." What? Now, guys, I am going to need you What? Now, guys, I am going to need you What? Now, guys, I am going to need you all to make like Santa and leave my all to make like Santa and leave my all to make like Santa and leave my presence. Get on out of here, folks. presence. Get on out of here, folks. presence. Get on out of here, folks. Watch your step. Use those amules. If Watch your step. Use those amules. If Watch your step. Use those amules. If you enjoyed the cruise, my name is you enjoyed the cruise, my name is you enjoyed the cruise, my name is Skipper Ryan, and if not, I do not work Skipper Ryan, and if not, I do not work Skipper Ryan, and if not, I do not work here. Watch your step. Use those here. Watch your step. Use those here. Watch your step. Use those handrails. Hi everybody. Happy holidays. handrails. Hi everybody. Happy holidays. handrails. Hi everybody. Happy holidays. If you don't celebrate the holidays, If you don't celebrate the holidays, If you don't celebrate the holidays, happy Tuesday. If you don't like happy Tuesday. If you don't like happy Tuesday. If you don't like Tuesdays, I don't know. Try a Sunday. I Tuesdays, I don't know. Try a Sunday. I Tuesdays, I don't know. Try a Sunday. I hear they're delicious. Watch your head. hear they're delicious. Watch your head. hear they're delicious. Watch your head. Watch your step. And hey, use those Watch your step. And hey, use those Watch your step. And hey, use those handrails. How about that? Watch your handrails. How about that? Watch your handrails. How about that? Watch your head. Watch your step. Use those hand. head. Watch your step. Use those hand. head. Watch your step. Use those hand. Oh, I forgot all my New Year's jokes. Oh, I forgot all my New Year's jokes. Oh, I forgot all my New Year's jokes. That really dropped the ball on that That really dropped the ball on that That really dropped the ball on that one. Watch your head. Or you said,
