---
video_id: NbXV11vLbZY
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: What's New at Disney Springs - Shopping, Treats & More - Disney World Live Stream - 12-3-25"
published: 2025-12-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbXV11vLbZY
---
[Music] [Music] Hello. [Music] [Music] Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live today here at Disney Springs with mom and dad. They're in their Christmas outfits. They already haven't been to Springs yet to see it, right? All the decorations. So, we're excited. We're going to do some shopping. We've got our caffeine. We're ready to go. So, uh, welcome in, guys. Before we get too far into the video, I want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all of the social media. We're Resort TV one on all the things. Hey, Amara. Hey, Bran. Uh Pat is here. Catalina, I saw Christopher Black DVC. Andy, look guys, he's snoping. Hey, Adventures. Candy is here. Welcome in Virginia. Hello, guys. Pop that like. Look at that Snope. How cute is that? So instead of spitting, Stitch decided it was time to snoop. So, and like mom and I were saying, how can you be mad at him? Look at that grin. He's so cute. They said, "Yay!" And they just mischievous. Uh-huh. Mischievous, misunderstood. All those things, right? And they said they've missed you and hello. You guys, too. Hi, Blue Polo. Hey, Scrump Life. Awesomeness. Girly girl Frankie. All right, we ready to go in the shop? Yes, sir. All right. Say hi, Daniel. Let's go. The balloon is up. It is a gorgeous day today. We're excited for you guys to be here shopping with us today. Oh, thank you so much, Katie. Oh, it's your husband's birthday. That's amazing. Well, happy birthday to your husband. This one's fun. Look, it's the Nutcracker. A hi Kathleen or Catherine. Hi Catherine. Hey Figment Vision. It's a Snowy Stitchy. Yes. And did you ever find your Winnie the Poo one, Mom? Cuz you have that one. You have it? Yeah. I know you have it cuz we bought it the same day I bought my Stitch one. [Music] I know. It's cute, isn't it? Hey, Nicole. Hello, everybody. Hey. Hey, Katie. You're welcome. Hi, Alycats. Have so much Christmas fun today. Thanks, Adventure Le. They said have snow much fun. Oh, snow down here. No, no, no, no. We're good. We're good. Yeah, we'll go with snow, right? Mhm. Let it snow. I do really like this. I have not bought it yet. It's a cute one, isn't it? It really is. We have the um fall one. Oh, do we? Mhm. Okay. Hi, Diana. These are cute as well. Little bags. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Fun little canvas totes. Oh, yeah. It's nice they have different sizes. Yeah, it is nice. I like that. Very nice. All right, let's see what else we've got. What? What is it? Sty. He's so cute. Sorry, I had to interrupt. And the train, right? Yes. Uhoh. He's gone. So cute. He's got his little He has ornament costume on. Hi, Tracy. Welcome in. Hey, goofy grandpa. Princess Kristen. Princess. Kristen said it's good to see you guys. A thank you. It's on a train. I know. It is cute, isn't it? I was actually looking at the train. I knew that's what you were going for. Hi, Ali J. Hi, Edwin. Wow. It's free. It's free. Mom says I like free. A love. Mom's having trouble over here. Uh, let me help you. There it is. There it is. $29.99. Not bad. Nope. 20% off. That's cute. Love the tray. Love Stitch. Yeah. So cute. Look at the red and green lights up here, too. Those are so pretty. Sean says that you need a a ride on the train. Yeah. Oh, like Walt's train. Yeah. Yeah, I think so. There must be offices or something up there. Really cute. Hi, Noel. This is really cool. That was toddlerhood in a nutshell. Yes, it was. Oh, yeah. You do. railroad crossing. Dad wants that sign. Liam and I need it for the train track. All right. You need a a woodworking uh place. That would help. Woodwork. Yeah, woodworking. Got to make it. There's a little adorables. These would be great little stocking stuffers. Hi Brian. Guys are going to keep you company while I take one of my finals. Oh, good luck to you. Hi, Paige. Oh, wait. Do they have one of the Oh, they have another one of the Lincoln log sets in. I tried to get one. I got this one for dad for his birthday. That's the only one they had, but I wanted to get them more. Dad, they have another one. They were sold out of all of them. But this one when I got this for dad for his birthday. All they had was this one. Now they have this one. Oh, that's Wasn't there one more? There was the train one and they were sold out of That's the one I was going to get you, but it's gone. Maybe it'll come back. Hi, how are you? Uh, I I don't like I mean it's hard cuz I don't know how to do the message thing to you guys, but I watch you guys like all the time. Oh, thank you so much. I appreciate that. Do you want to say hi? Yeah. What's your name? I'm Damon. Hi. Hello. I am I watch you guys every single day. I'm at home and it's just so nice. A I'm glad. Where's home? I love your parents. A that's so sweet. I was having like brand new to you guys. I was like praying. I was like, "Oh, Josh and Jenna." I'm glad it worked out. Where? Where do you live? Where's home? So, I'm in I'm from Denver, Colorado. Okay, nice. I watch you guys every single day. You guys are live. I watch every single day. Thank you. I really appreciate that. Awesome. Well, have fun. You too. Nice to meet you with you guys. Of course. Hi, Happily Ever Divine. Yeah. Dad's going to be the camera guy. [Music] All right. Got to find the phone. No, no worries. [Music] Okay. All right. One, two, three. Awesome. All right. Very good. Yeah. I'm so glad to meet you. Nice to meet you, too. Oh, thank you so much. Have a good day. Bye. So, they don't have the other one, the train. Not yet, but maybe they'll get it back since they got this one back. We'll have to keep looking. Well, I'm He's got that one for you, too. Yeah. A year ago or two. Two, I think. Yeah. My birthday. Birthday or Father's Day? Yeah. It was one of those. Boy, there's all those. I know. Aren't they cute? They've got all the toys up front, which I love. Exactly. Yeah. I'm so glad to see your mom and dad. I was I had to see you back to see my god. I can't walk for you guys. I almost your dad almost collided at Starbucks. Oh no. I saw your dad. That's so cool. They're okay. I got stressed. I don't see somebody for a while. I know. No, they're crowded. They come in the summer. Yeah. And you know Right. Three grand. I did. I got so your dad when I was your dad would take over. Uhhuh. Yes. I'm so glad. Yes. I'm glad they're back now. It's a little bit cooler. Yes. Awesome. off to you. Well, thank you for watching. Enjoy your day. Bye. [Music] Thanks for joining in, guys. We're seeing all the awesome hoppers today. Loving it. Everybody's loving seeing mom and dad. So, look at that sparkly Mickey spirit jersey. Hi, Emily Cats. Hey, Ellen. I do love this Figment Lounge Flight. Oh, and the Star Wars. That's new. How cute. See, this one is 80. And this one is also 80. They're both 80. I like this one a lot though. How was For King and Country last night? What was my favorite song? Oh my goodness. For King and Country was amazing. So good. Um, last time we saw them was at Epcot and they were amazing there as well. There's just something different about though being in an actual like concert hall area hearing them perform. Um, my favorite song they performed last night was probably uh Little Drummer Boy cuz that is one of the songs they're best known for at Christmas and they do an amazing job on that. So, um, but I have so many favorite songs that they that they have. It's it's hard to pick. But, uh, thanks, uh, thanks for hanging out with us today, guys. But, if you ever get the chance to see for King and Country, amazing. I did see the Grou one. Yes. And I love Grou. Um, it was not new, but I do love it. It is very cute. Agreed. There it is, Christopher. I'm going to take mom and dad to the new uh store in the co-op. They haven't been there yet. And we might do some unboxings. We'll see. We'll see. Configment. [Music] I am not. No, I am not a shopper. Nope. We are just live streamers and uh we also do vlogs throughout the week as well, but no, we do not buy and and ship. Other people do, but not us. I just like to show you guys what's new. Yeah. Thanks, Amara, for letting them know. Not a personal shopper. That would be too hard. I know. Would not have time for that, but I'm glad there's people that do it for you guys. These are really cute. Okay. Yeah, she said large for both. I like that one, too. This one's cute, too. So cute. There's front, there's back. They also have it in white. I've seen King and Country live before and they put on an incredible show as someone who grew up playing percussion instruments that absolutely loved it. Right. They are so good. Like I said, if you guys ever get the chance to see them live, I highly recommend it. They have another show tonight. That's how popular they are. And actually, uh Joel, one of the lead singers, him and his brother Luke, uh Joel will be uh doing the candle light on, I believe, the 25th and the 26th. Correct me if I'm wrong, guys, but I think that's when they'll be at um Epcot for the candle light. Yes, I am a shopper. This is true, Tim. And hello, Tim. Welcome in. Hi, Elizabeth. Hello there, David. How are you? I do not know any personal shoppers. I'm sorry. Hi. How are you? Good. Say hi. Yeah. Been calling you guys since Oh my goodness. That's amazing. Long time. Thank you so much. In today. Oh, amazing. Where are you from? Pennsylvania. Okay, cool. Do you want to say hello or no? Uh, maybe a quick hi. Okay. Hello. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it. Have fun. Thank you. Just checking on mom and dad. They're chatting away. They do have some savings here. So, these red spirit jerseys right here are $50. And the Tiana ones are also $50. Gotta love it when they have sales. Yep. They're from PA. Exactly. Yeah. Joel Small Bone will be December 25th and 26th. Amazing. Stitch alert. 12 days of stitch on Disney Store. David. Yeah, Tim sent that to me today. I was like, "Thanks, Tim." There goes my budget. I absolutely love this sweatshirt. I love the yellow. I love Pluto. I also love this. [Music] Oh, are we lagging? Let me know, guys. That's your home state. Oh, nice. They do, don't they, Wendy? Oh, they're back. Cool. We were talking. Oh, I know. You're fine. I just didn't want to go too far, so you didn't see where I went. So, good point. Good point. Thanks. Oh, that's so cute. I know. Isn't that cute? Love it. And the skirt. Yeah, that's cute, too. And it comes It has built-in shorts, which is very nice. Especially, you know, when you're in the in Florida. I know. I love it. They They did, but you know, we live in Florida, so you can have it anytime. Very cute. Yeah, it is. Here's a If we were out north, right? Yep. Or if it gets in the 30s. I was going to say we might need it here. It's nice. I hope we don't need it, but we might. It is nice, isn't it? Says Walt Disney World on the back. Very cute. It's very nice. Yep. 100 bucks. I mean I mean it's it's a good ventilated warm. It's a nice coat. Hi, Lee. Hi, Kayla. Is this getting in the in the Christmas shopping mode with the Christmas music? [Music] Yeah, these ears on sale for $20 right now. And popcorn ears. Are those last year? No, these are new. Okay. Well, new to this year. Okay. They don't smell. No. I wouldn't think. Dad was like, "Do they smell?" That'd be cool, though. These are on sale as well. I already have them. I paid full price. W But they're cute and they're from Disneyland Paris. Cuz I guess Yeah. Happy Wednesday. I need it for under 70. That's true. I mean, the keychain, but you guys have got your background. Yeah, we don't have the keychain one. I don't think he's cute though. Uhoh. But you know which one I want? Pluto. Pluto. Pluto. That's true. You never know if they're going to sell out. That's pretty cool. I already have him. I got him. He is cute. Ain't he cute? Hi, Chris. Oh, look at I know he's got a little guitar. Yeah, he does. Who's this one? Um, that's Red Panda. It's from a new newish movie. Yep. Um, do you want to go look at the pins and the stationery? Okay. [Music] It's a busy day here today at the Springs. This is the one that we have. Oh, yeah. That one. I forgot my Yeah, that's okay. Next time. Yeah, it could be worse for sure. Oh, look. They got a winnie little uh stationery down there. Do you see them? Isn't that cute? They have an alien one up here. She's She's already got a notebook that Liam gave her. It's a French fry. Oh, I remember that. That was cute. I mean, this would be too much uh notebook stuff on the cute. Yeah. How much? I like it. We all have coffees and teas. Oh, $29.99. It's cuz it's fluffy. Paying for the fluff. Yep. You're paying for the fluff. Well, I'm going to stop inside. It is very All right, let's look. A Those are cute, too. Chip and nail turning red. Yes. Thanks, Christopher. My brain. I was having a little mental walk. Oh, they have a Winnie the Pooh one. Okay, that's brand new. This might be an ad to cart. That's new. Mom, I have not seen that. Here, let's look over here. Oh, they have a princess one, too. Okay, they do. Here, let's put it right here. Right there. Here, put your tea. Put your coffee up here. Then you can open it up. This one? Mhm. Oh, these are nice coloring. Like Yeah, they're nice. Uh-huh. Wow. A I'm liking it. Me, too. Look at that. Hey, Jennifer. They're adorable, right? I don't think she wants to share with me right now. Well, you know, you can get they can afford. I Let's see what the princess one looks like. Oh, I thought you said Christmas. And I thought, oh, no. Princess, you show her that one. Open up. Yeah, show us what it looks like. We got princesses. Kind people are my kind of people. A, that's neat. Cute. Yep. Yeah, those are cute. I think I like the Winnie the Pooh one better. Hi, how are you? Thank you so much. What's your name? What is it? Zoe. Zoe. Nice to meet you. A, that's awesome. Hello. You have a Zoe and a Chloe. I love that. Do you want to say hello on the stream? Say hi. You want to say hi? Say hi. Where are you guys from? Maryland. Maryland. That's awesome. Are you having fun? Good deal. Thank Thanks for watching. Yeah, you too. Have fun, guys. Bye. A Zoe and Chloe. So cute. Oh, that was fun, too. That's your traditional Oh, look at him. He's having fun. He is having fun. Yeah, that's fun, too. Chicken. Yep. They're $7.99. Oh, that's not bad. Okay. Yep. Those are awesome. I know you were looking for a coloring book the other day. I was. Yeah. I thought about I thought you said Christmas. There's a Christmas. Sorry. No Christmas. You can make it Christmas. You could draw a Santa hat on them. And you got it. Yeah. You want it? Mike 88 NYC says, um, sent $5. Says, "Hey, Jenna, get a treat for you, mom and dad, to share." Thank you, Mike. That's so sweet. Thanks, Mike. Oh, I like the garland in here. Isn't that pretty? Do you guys see all the decorations, too? Yes. They know how to do it. Mhm. I love it. All right. Well, let's keep looking. We're not done yet. No. I got to switch hands here. Can I help or can I help? Nope. Got it. Thanks. What' you say? It makes us want to go home and decorate. Well, yeah, we did. We did get the tree up. Good job. Okay, good. That's about it, though. They're getting there. One of these days. Well, guys, uh, make sure you bop the like button, share out the stream, let everybody know we are live at Disney Springs. Mom and dad are here shopping with us today. It's a fun day in the neighborhood. And we're only in the first shop. [Music] Where are we going? All right. What? Stitchy. Oh, this guy. Emil and Stitchy. Oh, that's I have him. I know. He is cute. Isn't he cute? And he sits on Yeah. He's a shoulder pal. So, you can put the magnet under your on your That's under your uh shirt there. And then he sits on your shoulder. All of these do that. Hey, Mr. Cruz Fever. Elizabeth says, "Happy holidays, Mom and Dad." Thanks. Wendy says, "Mom likes the color. So do I." It's just fun. It is fun. Especially that one. That is cute. That's like I say, I'm just a big kid with wrinkles. I That's what we all are at Disney. Yes. Well, I guess some of us Some people don't have wrinkles, but some do. Yes, there's a big over there. Yeah, he's so cute. All right, let's keep looking. There's Winnie. Oh, yeah. [Music] I like that shirt. That's really cute. Uh Jennifer sent $4.99. Extra extra treats for sweets and family. Um no, but it's on sale for $50. Thank you so much, Jennifer, for the $4.99 super chat. That is so sweet. We really appreciate it. That's very sweet. I love the message, too. Stitch Lego set. Oh, I always like those. Can't go wrong. All right, let's go look at the Christmas. It's in the back. Oh, look at the rabbit. The rabbit. Oh, cute. That is Judy Hops. From Zootopia. This is cute. I'm not sure I've seen that. Zootopia. Judy Hops and um Nick Wild. Oh, that's right. Zootopia 2 just came out. We've seen the one. We haven't seen you guys. Yeah, I came out to theaters. Okay, back in the chat. Well, hello, Billy. There it is. Great to see my nieces having a great time. Chloe and Zoe. A Well, they were very cute. All right, let's go see some Christmas stuff. That is cute. I love this tree. Yeah. Rock and roller coaster's closing here to get a new overlay from Muppets. I said it right. Not I said overlay, right? Yeah, I did it instead of layover. I do have my Gusa stroller pal, but I haven't seen them here. So, they might be sold out. Look, he says hooray. Hooray. [Music] There's Winnie. A so cute. I know. Isn't that cute? Very cute. This one's cute, too. Oh yeah, I have not seen the new Zootopia yet. Dad Dad's making jokes over here. Making the jokes. All the Christmas as far as the eye can see. Is that pretty? Cool. I love this backpack. Ain't it cute? Yep. La. You got to sing. It's just what you got to do when you're Christmas shopping. Oh, he's cute. Little ornaments here. Very fun. There's a bed skirt over there. I mean the trees bed skirt. Our bed skirt. Well, they used to have those. True. Oh, that's funny. That is pretty. Now, we had to change ours from a tree skirt to one of those collars cuz it's it's better for Chloe. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I agree. Then she doesn't get stuck. Exactly. Oh, the buttons are really cool. Oh, cute. I love that. Oh, it's reversible. [Music] That's cool. Oh, wow. When you get tired of one side, you Okay, that's cool. It is $90. It's $45 a side. There you go. That's a good way to look at it. It's two-sided, so you know, costs more. It's not your first Christmas. I hate to I love this sweatshirt so much I had to get it. Ain't that cute? Oh, yeah. I love it. Very cute. Yeah, I had to get it. I haven't worn it yet, but I got it. They only have them with ears. Dad's not going to wear that. I don't think so. Oh, they ruined your hat. Sorry, Dad. Oh, it's cute, though. It is. I like I mean, it's cute, but dad wouldn't wear it. No, it's got a cute color. Oh, maybe Michael. It is lovely. It's very cute. Yeah, I like the spirit jerseys. I think we looked at this one and you guys thought maybe it wasn't in the Oh, yeah. It's very cute. We have one similar. That's why I didn't get it. You and I have one similar to that one. Yeah, we do. From last year. That's why I didn't get it. But it's cute. Hi, Michael. Tennessee Bear says, "Hi, Mom and Dad." I know. I love this. Tennessee Bear. Yeah. $89.99. But that's a nice sweater. Yeah. [Music] Hi, Rita. [Music] Hello, John. How are you today? [Music] Here's the spirit jersey. We just love these classic colors. No, we haven't, Christopher. For sure. They have hot cocoa popcorn. I got it last year and it was amazing. The popcorn actually tastes like hot cocoa and they have little uh marshmallows in there. Wow. Right. Delicious. Sure. You can have it with hot cocoa for sure. [Music] A look at him. [Music] Stitchy. Look at these. These are cute. Oh, yeah. Classier. Yeah. Yeah. Take that to church. Pretty cool. Uh-huh. $39.99. That's not bad. Not bad, huh? They have one in like a pearl color as well. Michael, that's funny. He said I should do a video on things I don't like in the store. That would probably take about 6 minutes. He said it's true. I like all the things. It's hard not to. Here's my earrings. I just bought. Here's the magic for I know. They do a good job. So cute. Here's my earrings. I got them in right now. These are new this year. I was going to say so. These are cute. Little earrings. Oh, yeah. They are little packages. Yeah. They're all different. There's a train. There's a snowman Mickey hot cocoa. in a package. So, where are you going to take your hands, sweetie? I don't remember. Well, you'll have to go home and look. Yes, I will. And then you'll know which ones you need. [Music] There's so many pretty things. Oh my goodness. Stitch angel. What are you doing? David said it'd be more like 1 minute and 53 seconds. Oh, here's one of the pooing gang. So, you wear one in one ear and one in the other. like one of the characters. They're not matching. No. Cute though. Yeah, it's No, I just Yeah, that'd be different. Yeah, it would. Yeah, you'd have two for two. Switch them out all the time, right? I love it. [Music] Okay, what else do we see? I love these stockings. Hey, P. Patriot, how are you? I love these. Aren't these cute? They are. I love the castle and the little snowman. Yep. Adorbs. Nice and thick. Yeah. $34.99. That's not bad actually for a nice stocking. I don't even know if we have a stocking anymore. You knitted the thing. Remember that? Yeah, I still have it. With all your names on it. Yeah. Did yours the wrong knitting with the wrong spelling? Yep, I still have it. Yeah, I do. I do. Um, hi Jenna. Mom and dad can't wait to come down for Christmas. So great to see all the Christmas merch. An angel just got its wings. Yeah. Whenever you ring a bell. What movie is that from? Um I'm not sure. It's a Wonderful Life. Hi, Jacob. Yeah. I absolutely love this. I don't know why I just think it's so cute. It is cute. Looks like one of them broke. Be careful down there. It is broke. That's the one. That's the one. Anybody find it? I Well, you should have looked at it. I didn't look. It was already broke. Somebody probably spilled hot coffee. You've never seen the movie? Oh, yeah. Dad spilled his coffee. It's okay. All good. All right. Are we ready to go to the next shop? We'll venture on. Oh, yeah. Okay. Um, we'll just head to the co-op. Okay. So, I need to get my Hang on. Let me get my ticket off. I pass, right? Got it. Yep. You got to get your 20%. I don't know. I'm going to I'm the clock. You need to go. I'm going to get into something else here. That's why she needs to stay with you so you don't fall. Hi, how are you? All has to do with liquid today. You didn't something else? Oh, it's mom and dad. I said, who are our special guests? It's mom and dad. Woo. So, did I just join this? That's it. You got it. I'll meet you in the car. Okay, we'll see you there. All right, here we go. [Music] Okay, [Music] ready to go to the next spot. Okay. [Music] It's a busy one today. Could be worse. Hello, Ryan. [Music] Let's go and get a deli real quick, Mom. I'm just curious what kind of yummies they have this time of year. Usually peppermint bark, but we'll see what else they have. Teacher says every time a bell rings, an angel gets his wings. That's right. That's right. At a boy, Clarence. That's That's it. Oh my goodness. There is another candy store. Thank you. One of each peppermint rice crisp. Yeah, it's Christmas, right? It's Christmas time. Look, they still have Halloween. What is it? White chocolate. What? Oh, that sounds delicious. White chocolate. Mhm. Jody says, "Tell mom and dad hello." Hi, Jody. Oh, this looks good. Dubai style. Oh, I've heard of this. I've never tried it. Has anybody ever had it? Never tried it, but I've heard good things about it. I wish we had smellvision for you guys right now. It is amazing in here. So good. Oo, look at those strawberries. Look at those strawberries. Those are huge. Oh, yeah. We got that cookie one time. It was pretty good. Yep. We have to get something. Mhm. What time is it? It's about that time. Is it treat? That's true, Mike. Yeah, the warm the warm sunshine is amazing. Nice breeze. Yeah, it's literally perfect temp right now. Fun fact about It's a Wonderful Life daughter's name Zuzu comes from a snack cookie at that time. Specifically, it's type of ginger snap, which is why George calls Zuzu my little ginger snap. Oh, that's cute. Hi, Louisa. I know. The brownie looked good, too, didn't it? All the things. All the yummies. Normal vision is making you hungry enough. So you don't want smell vision. Okay, we understand. 7 treat. It is 7 past exactly. Love that. Oh, interesting. Okay, good to know. All right. Let's go to the co-op. [Music] Oh, here's the line for the We'll wait for dad and we'll come we'll come back. This is the blind box store. And this is where you see all of the blind box stuff. And they've got some cute stuff, Mom. So, be ready. Be ready. Oh, they've got a new stitch one. Uhoh. Okay. And then when you get your blind box and open them up, then you can put them here and take pictures. Isn't that cute? Hey, Rich Rimple. That's pretty. Oh, there's Dad. This is what we were going to wait on you to get in line. You want to go? Let's go. You have to get in line to get in. Is it called the drop shop? Uh-huh. The Disney drop shop. [Music] Staying at Porter's French Quarter Christmas Week. Going to Disney Springs the day I arrived to get the second chocolate and peppermint s'mores. Oh, there's like no line. Look at that. The Disney drop box. That's where we're going. Tim wants to see all the blind boxes. Yeah, there's three of us. Thank you. [Music] Oh my goodness. This one's new. Look at him. Yep. So, you can get these are the different ones you can get. There's three Olaf. No, four Olafs and Anna's and Elsa's. Okay. $16.99. These are so cute. These are new. Oh, there are chosen. Uhhuh. Isn't that cute? Yeah. Here's a Toy Story one. Oh, cool. Ryan, I hope you get to go on the Destiny. I know. Aren't the aliens cute? You guys had an alien, didn't you? Or did Mhm. Josh did? Yeah. I like the Wall-E one. Yeah. I got one of these. The little plants. I got Pinocchio, but I wanted Chipperdale. Well, I don't blame you. Those are cool, right? Oh, look at Oh my goodness. These are so cute. Oh my goodness. Nothing like a snowman wrapped upstairs. I know, right? We got chili. Um, okay. So, let's go over here cuz I see some stitchy ones over here. Right here, actually. Oh my goodness gracious. It's him as Marvel characters. Okay, that's adorable. Yeah, here they are. Here are all the ones. Stitches, Rocket, Iron Man, Loki, Black Panther, Thor, Doctor Strange, Spider-Man, and a mystery. How much are these? $16.99. And these are only How come these are only $9.99? Cuz they're a lot smaller. See? Oh, I know. Aren't they cute? Tim says, "I need some beads in my future." Can you get them all at once? You mean all the stitchy ones? I think Yeah, you can buy the whole pack. That way you know you get them all. But you're paying $16.99 times however many is in there. $17 times 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 17 * 8. Yeah. Well, 20 * 8's 160. So, yeah, you can spend some money. Yes. Yes, you can. These are cute, too. They're out of the original one that I bought. Stitchy. Well, it's a good thing you got it. I know, right? Star Wars. Look at Look at him. He's so cute. It's Super Stitch. Uh-huh. It's Thor. Thor. Hat. Yeah. Cute, right? Hat home. Hat home. Grump guy. I know. Ain't he cute? He's from Star Wars. Dad called him grump guy. All right. Let's see what's back here. Okay. And my thing is I'm just so fun. Oh, they have a kitty one. I didn't Christopher. No, I only got one. But that's okay. Look at all the kitties. They need a dog one. Oh, I would so buy that. These are cute. Wonder why they don't have dog ones. I bet they'll get it eventually. They know doggies are popular. These are $16.99 as well. I'm at sense, which is good. Unless you buy the whole box, then you get them all, right? The box set. Oh, the Grou one is cute. Look, they've got little balloons. These are so cute. Hi, Rita. Hello, Momo. How are you? I'm going to have to get one to unbox, but I don't know which one yet. They have the trash cans over here. These are fun. What's that? Snack time. Yes, soon. She's ready. I'm going to get one of these to unbox on though. Okay. Okay. I just don't know which one yet. That's a lot of That's a lot of choices. These He is. So, which one? Dumbo. I know. They're precious. Are those precious moments? Well, that's what they look like. I don't No, they're not. They're cute, though. Mhm. They're Disneys. They're dressed like Disney. Yeah. Characters. Yep. All the merch to buy and no place there where you can ship at home. Oh, I think you can ship at home. Used to. They would have to the room, but I'm not sure about shipping home. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's all good. We're good. We don't need to ship it. Okay. Hi, Noel. So cute. I like this one. Well, that's a doggy one. It's Pluto. Yeah. Okay. So guys, out of the plants, Olaf and Stitch as Marvel characters, which one should I get? Frozen. The Planter or Stitch? It's your choice. I'll get it. Oh, nice. We get it. A Thank you. What do you guys think? Which one? They're all the same. 17 bucks. So, whichever one you got. Frozen. Yep. You don't know which one you're going to get. You have to get a mystery. But you can try to get that one. Yeah. I thought that would be cute to live for. I agree. Well, you can try for it. Pick out one of these. Yeah. And then you might get it. Or you might get Anna or Elsa, too. Or you can get one of these planters. I might go with for the planter. I know. That's cute, too. Well, well, you guys pick them out. Think about it. Well, well, we're all Yeah, I was going to do it now. So, pick one out and then pick one out. Then you guys can go see what they're saying. No, no, no. I not I'm not good. Everybody's saying Frozen. Frozen. Frozen. Stitch. Stitch. Stitch. Wait, that's Olaf. Okay, there's four for Frozen. All right, they're guessing, right? They're They're helping me decide. Oh, okay. Stitch. Stitch. Stitch. Okay. How about you do Frozen and I'll get Stitch. How about that? Okay. You want to do that? Yeah. Even though I really like that one. No, I'll get Stitch. I'll get Stitch. And you get that one. Well, you get that one. I'll No, you want to. I'll just get Stitch. And then you get whichever one you want. She did. Did you get this one? Yeah. I mean, we don't know what you're going to get. Okay. Let's get Sitch, guys. He's cute and I love him. Okay, which one should we pick? I'm gonna pick this one. [Music] Stitch is a safe bet. Or the planters are cute, too. Are you Did you change your mind? No, I'm not. It's hard, right? Smaller box. It's a bigger box. Well, this is what they look like. Well, oh, thank you. Thank you. You got you got it. Well, I was kind of thinking the planter kind of, but then I don't have Stitch, so I'm kind of thinking Stitch. Oh, you want Stitch, too? Okay, that's fine. Okay. He's over there, mom. And he's dressed as a Marvel character. Is that all right? Okay. So, you just pick one of those boxes. You don't know which one you're going to get. I might get this, too. And then I'll pay you back. I know. I thought you were going to get that one. That way, we can just see. I did, too. That's okay. No, that's Zootopia. Oh, she's right there over here. Yep. Which one you got home? Think I was going to get um this one. I'm gonna buy that. She's going to get that. But here, Mommy, you wanted one of these. So, grab a box. Yeah. Whichever one you want. I don't know which one you're getting, but you're going to get it. You're going to get You're going to get a stitch. And that's why they're called unboxings. Yes. That's right. Get the big box so you can get them all. I would like that, Christopher. Nope. Dad, do you need help here? Give me your coffee. We have something sweet. They're all so cute. It's hard to pick. She's got I'll meet you. We'll Yeah, we'll just be in here. Okay. Thank you. And then we'll unbox them when we go get a treat. How about that? Sounds good. Okay. So fun. It's hard to pick. Those things are so addicting, aren't they? That is the problem. They're all so cute. Tim wants the trash cans. Yeah, they had some trash can ones. Not surprised. Adorable. Mhm. For sure. Yep. All right, let's go back to the um coffee mugs back here. I drink that. I really like the Figment one. Isn't he cute? I know. I do want them all. That's hard. That's the hard problem. Exactly. And if you get the box, you are guaranteed to get them all, which is kind of fun. Definitely. Definitely. Look at Stitch. I think I got that. You do? Yeah. And dad has Goofy or Mickey. I forget. I think he got Mickey. I don't think he when we went to Disneyland yesterday. Was pretty amazing for the Christmas spirit. Oh, that's so cool. John, hope you had fun. Yeah. Mom, do you see these jammies? Feel them? They're really soft. Oh, I bet they are. Is that nice? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, they got a little bit of um stretch. Yes. Yes. Very nice. It is the most wonderful time to of the year to hit the like button. They need to do a series of mini blingy thingies. We love that. Blingy thingies. That's amazing. All right, let's head into the next spot. Look at this Christmas tree truck. Adorable. Got [Music] all the jerseys in here. And then they've got a Winnie the Poo mug right here. Ain't he cute? He's very cute. And then all the Winnie the Poo. Oh, that was quick. Yeah, this all looks weird. Is this all good? Yeah, they redid it. That was probably a good idea. Yeah, they redid it because of that drop shop over there. So, just a note, and you probably already know this, and there are no discounts at that store because it's not It's not owned by Disney. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Which one was that? The drop shop. I forgot about that. Yeah, just for people to know. Oh, no. Thank you. Yeah, I totally forgot. They do at the register usually. Says it right. Yeah, they do. I I don't want you to look at this. And we just did. Undo it. Undo it. If you back up, then you can undo it. We backed up. You undid it. It's fine. Rewind. Rewind. There you go. I always I know. And then they've got this one on the nice list. Oh, so you wear as a couple. Yeah, that makes sense. Ain't that cute? Yeah, definitely. Good to know. For sure. All right. So, where do we want a treat? This is cute. Well, this is cute. I haven't seen this one. Yeah, I love it. There's a better idea for you than the the scents that you can ship. Start making the mini blingy thingies. Mini what? Blingy thingies. I just like the name of that. Rings a bell. Uh, mom's got it. We got it for Mother's Day. Really like it. Hi, Kenzie. Have a Christmas. I see. shirt made it the color. I know. It's adorable. I love this skirt, too. Yeah. The skirt is beautiful. Yep. This They're all pretty. Does it go with the sweatshirt? If you wanted to. I know. I'm just kidding. If you wanted to. Yeah. Oh, the tree's out. We got to go say hi to the tree. It's Douglas fura. Yeah. Fan good. How are you? Good. I watch you guys all the time. A thanks from Canada. Just down on a visit for work. Okay. I have to look up to see if anybody was streaming. You were right. I was here. Do you want to say hello? No. Okay. No worries. Yeah. I appreciate everything you and Josh do cuz we don't get that. Well, we're DVC members and that. But coming from Canada, we live outside Detroit, so we have nice short flights. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, very good. That's awesome. I appreciate everything you guys do to give us especially during the co time. Yes. That was hard for sure. I'm glad you were able to watch. Well, yeah. Thank you. I appreciate it. Enjoy your trip. I will. Bye. Go say hi to Douglas. Yeah. [Music] Thank you. Hey, thank you. Byebye. I hope you have a great day. All right. See you later. [Music] He's just going along. Hi, how are you? We were just checking where you were. A that's a happened to be here and I'm like, "Oh my god, we got to see." A I'm glad you did. You want to say hi on the stream? Yeah. Hello. Hello. Where are you guys from? We're from Beach. Okay, nice. I love your dress and your face paint. What's your name? Michaela. Michaela. Nice to meet you. What's your little sister's name? Emily. A Emily. So cute. Are you having fun? Awesome. Good deal. Of course. Of course. Let's see. Um, you want me to take I'll take Dad's good. Yeah. Awesome. All right. [Music] We missed Josh when he was at Magic Kingdom last time and so Friday night. [Music] Thank you so much. Well, I'm glad today worked out. That's awesome. Nice to meet you. You, too. Thanks for watching. Have fun. Hi. We met the other day. My sister's Christina at Epcot. Awesome. Good to see you. Yeah, she had today. But can we get a photo and I'll just send it to her? Let's do it. Yeah. Reminds me a little bit. Awesome. Thank you. You too. Enjoy your day today. It's beautiful. So nice. It is awesome. Bye. Reminds me of some of the clothes she made. Mom used to. Yeah. You mom used to embroider and all the things. So [Music] cute. So cute. We just got the frozen hot chocolate from Whoopies. That's pretty good. Oo, we're going for a snack right now. Yeah, it's warm, right? Yeah. When you're in Florida, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's a little cooler. You know, we're like 3 hours away and it's like 10° difference. Oh, really? Right now. Yeah. It's freezing. You just drive up for 3 hours. Yeah. You never know, right? You never know. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas, guys. She's so cute. All right. So, what treat do you guys want? We probably don't know. Well, you're the one that's doing stuff. Let's go. Um, actually, let's go in here real quick and then we'll go to the candy shop. Do they have treats in here? I'm just kidding. Treats for your W for your pin board. That's cool. Look at Walt Disney. A that is cool. Oh, Emperor's new group 25th anniversary. What else we got? New Year's. Okay. All right. Yep. 44 degrees in Birmingham, Alabama. That is chilly. Uh-huh. Cold. Mom said downright cold. She's not wrong. All right. The treat shop's up here. I have no fear. Hi, Charlie. Hi. How are you? Good. You, too. The place looks familiar. Yes, I I know they have an Everglaze right here. Yeah, that's a good place to have some. Yeah, cuz sometimes you miss it all the way at the other end. So, um Okay, let's see here. Douglas Fur. I know. He He left Mr. Douglas Fur. He was so cute. This is where you meet and greet Santa. [Music] And they got the Christmas store over here. But we're going in the treat shop. Goofy's treat shop. I know. I feel I smell like steak or something. There it is. Frozen hot cocoa. Cocoa. Yeah, that's what they were telling us about. that it would be good, right? Cocoa topped with whipped cream, mini marshmallows, a mini candy cane, and Mickey marshmallow with chocolate crushed peppermint. [Music] It looks good. Looks rich, but it looks good. Sorry. Oh, you're okay. Thank you. [Music] They're playing Toy Story music in here. All right. What do we got? I don't know. I just want to see what they got. It's hard to tell. Um, cupcake, cookies, rice krispies. I don't know. I'm kind of thinking a sprinkles cupcake. What are you guys thinking? Okay. Sprinkles. Yeah. Okay. I need to find a restroom on the way. [Laughter] [Music] Look, he says gorch. Yes, Gorch. I know where a good restroom is. I know. They do have the trash cans. They have these little um plastic trash cans about uh this big and they push open and stuff just like a regular Disney and they look like Disney trash cans, but they're miniature and they sell them as a candy dispenser. Oh. And you fill it up with whatever like jelly beans or M&M's. So cute, right? Reminds you of the Pear. The old P. Yeah, but bigger. Oh, yeah. All right. So, how about this? I will um there's a restroom over here. That might be better. Um I'll take the bags if you can take the stream. Oh, sure. Where should I go? Do you want to go in the Christmas shop? Okay. Here. I'll take the bags. Yep. I can hang them on the door. All right. And mom, are you coming with me or are you going to stay? Okay. Okay. Okay. No. No. I'm going to look for trains in there. I wonder if I This thing's about Are you done? I'm not done, but I'm close enough. Maybe I should. Yeah. Yep. No worries. Thank you. All right. I'll be in What's that? Hello everybody. Ticker tail John. Woohoo. Hello everybody. Uh this is dangerous. She gave it to me to go in the store here. I might uh we are decorating a tree right now. Hello everybody. Hi Amara. How are you? Oh, we always used to love to come in here with the kids when we were down anytime. It doesn't have to be Christmas. And oh my goodness. Hello everybody. Woohoo. Yay. Um, we used to get ornaments every year. We'd buy another ornament for [Music] each one of the kids and we'd make sure. Now, we didn't have them signed or anything, but we we got it and then we'd take them home. Yeah. And then put them up. And we still have some of those original ornaments. Hi, Amara. Woohoo. Kayla. Christopher Black. Hello, everybody. Woohoo. Muel. Hey, there you are. Yeah, we always love getting the ornaments in here. Yeah. And they used to have the train stuff, too, as well. They may still have Hi, Jennifer. Woohoo. Yeah. Hello, everybody. Oh, my favorite. Look at here. Uh, where is he? Oh, there he is. It's Toad. I'm going to go down here. Sorry. There's Toad. Yay. CRST and there's proud patriot Nel uh Dr. Jesus. Oh, I love that. PhD. Woohoo. Noel, hi. How are you? Virginia, hi. How are you? It's good to see everybody. Yeah, we're glad to be out and about. Um, sometimes we just can't quite get out, so we're we're still we're good. We're good. Yeah. Hey, Tim. See you soon. See you real soon. That's Tim. Hey, how'd you like that then? See you real soon. It's my It's my radio voice. I used to do radio. Yeah. For my job. Yeah. Purdue. I'd talk about I'd had two I think it was one a week. I talk about things going on in the in the county as far as agricultural the crops and so on and so forth. Yes. Oh, this is pretty cool. These are all We used to get the boxes, you know, of ornaments. Um, I'm trying to see if they have them still. And and our some of ours are pretty old. Yeah, I'm not. No, we're not old. Oh, how about that? Yeah, there's Michelle. I do. They still have the boxes. I don't see them. I'm looking. Maybe not. Help me out, guys, if you've been in here lately. Uh, Christopher Black. Oh, yeah. We I We've got them in We got them in the tub and Oh my goodness. It's got mon. I know. I know. I'm just looking to see if they still have the boxes, but I don't see. You know, you know, you guys know what I'm talking about. Uh, yeah. Oh, Montreal. Sorry about being too I hope I'm not too getting you sick here or something. Yeah, they don't maybe do that anymore, huh? I don't know. [Music] Hey Donnie, how are you? Woohoo. Oh my, look at all these. Yeah, I did. I did read it. Well, did a newspaper article. I think I did two a week. Three. The job I had with Purdue University out in the field and agriculture. Yeah. I miss it. I miss it. I mean, you know, miss all the people, you You know, it's not just the job, it's the people. It's about building all the relationships with people. And I'm just so thankful that I had so many awesome people I work with. You know, there there's always days you have, but you know what? Overall, it was it was I'm thankful. We're very thankful to be where we were. Yay. Yeah. You know, I don't see those boxes anymore, guys. So, my family used to get ornament boxes shipped to our house like three times a year. Oh, but they stopped doing that three. Oh, okay. Thanks. I wonder about that awesomeness. Yeah. Hey, Kit Stalberg. Hello. 64. Yeah. You know, but you know, and we used to before Well, if we were up north and we didn't get to Disney one year or something like Christmas, we get the kids one and have it engraved. You know, those little ones. We still have those, too. But we finally ornaments with their names on them so they could go back uh put them on their own trees. Yeah. Honey, you don't have to pull it like that for a second. Pretty cool, guys. Yeah. Yeah. Easy, easy, easy. Oh, look here. We'll go up here. I wonder if mom's and Jenna are about done. Oh. Oh, I like this stocking you guys like. That's pretty cool, huh? Anthony. Yep. Good. I'm glad you're doing good, Noel. Yeah, good to see you on here. Woohoo. Let me go out and see if they're out here yet. Let me see. Probably not. Oh, there's Jen right there. Yeah. Yeah. Here we go. This is the way we used to always come out. And they used to the buses over here if I remember right. Yeah. You see? Yeah. Over here this way. Yeah. team replay for doing ah yay. Here it comes, Jen. So, I was telling them I do I wonder if I was looking for the boxes. You remember the box ornaments we used to get, Jen? You mean like um the ones in the box and then you open them up and there were themes for Magic Kingdom or their parks and it's the ones we have at home and then you can open that up and you have the their different rides and things. Oh, yeah. They don't I don't think they have. I know. I told him how we would always maybe get one of those or maybe we get an ornament for you and take home and then it'd be your ornament, you know. Yeah. Every year you let us pick out an ornament and then when we got old enough then you um had us um take them with us. So I still have them. Yeah. That's what I I just tell them. Yeah. That they they then we gave them to you guys so you have them on your own. Uhhuh. Yep. I still have them. We still have some of those in boxes. I think we have three four of those boxes. Oh yeah. With the little ride vehicles and stuff. Some of them got some of those have gone by the wayside because we might have dropped one or two. But talking about ornaments, old I went through there looking for them. I could Yeah, they have a lot of cool ornaments, but nothing like you know what we had when we were younger. So Mike8c $5 dad find a train. Jenna and mom got their stitches. That's true. This is true. Thank you so much, Mike. That's true. Thanks, Mike. Rich Rimple says hello. Oh, hi Rich. Yay. Woohoo. So, do you want to use the restroom and mom and I will look through the Christmas store and then we'll have the sprinkles. Okay, good idea. All right, see you in a minute. All right, let's head on inside. Okay. All right, see what we can find. Mom. Oh, it smells so good in here, doesn't it? Yeah. Smells like Christmas. Oh, this one's from Hercules. I was trying to figure figure it out, but it's Hercules. Oh, it is. Baby Hercules. Yeah. Hey, Spencer. The store behind you used to have a large poo section. Oh, wait. You mean the um the art store? That's really cool. I love that. Here's Emperor's New Groove. [Music] Oh my goodness. This one is adorable. Look, Mom. That is Stitchy and ear muffs. How? But I don't know, though. This one This one's pretty epic. It is. He's in a spaceship. I know. I've seen this before, but Oh my goodness. That's amazing. Hi, Kit. I like Gus Gus and Jack Jack, too. the art store. Okay, cool. So many cute ones. Uhoh. Do they have the train now? I think they have the train. Now, let's see where they're at. Hang on. Mom, they have it. [Music] The one I was going to get for dad for his birthday and they sold out of it. Shoot. Early Christmas present. How are we going to do that? Very carefully. I'm afraid if we don't, it's going to be gone. Well, why don't we get Why don't we say this is your breakfast? Okay. Love it. Yeah, guys. We're going to get it. It's going to be a little heavy, but that's fine. All right, Mom. How are we going to do this? [Music] Let's go find us a um register. That would be fun. Mhm. You guys, if you could see me right now, this thing is ginormous. Uh I think there's one right here. Oh, actually through here. Mom, I think they have one in here. I was not planning on doing this, but I saw it and I'm like, nope. Add to cart. We might have to run it to the car, though. It's really heavy. Maybe we should wait and see what dad wants to do. If he doesn't want it that bad, then Hey, cardboard box. Hey, Jessica. Good point. Stick it in your pocket. It's a little big for that. All right, let's wait over here. [Music] It's really heavy and awkward. Uh-huh. It's really heavy. Look at this. But Oh, it's bent. But it's cool that it comes in a tin. It is. So, this is the original one I was going to buy for dad for his birthday and they were sold out. And now look, we found it. You want to take another one? There was two. Okay, that was it. Well, he can probably get the dent out. Yeah. No, totally. Yeah, but I just mean we shouldn't leave it if he really wants it. No, I think we should should uh buy it. Problem is is he's gonna have to carry his own present. I don't think he's going to mine. Yeah. True. Okay. When you're adults, you know, surprises aren't as big a deal. True. That's a good point. Okay. So, [Music] I know. We got to get it for him. Okay. It's just going to be heavy carrying it around. Well, especially you stream on makeup. Well, it's very heavy though. There was another one. We'll have to see if that one was dented here. How about this? How about you take the stream? I'll take these. Well, you take the stream and say hi to everybody. Okay. And I then I can pick up the thing a little bit easier. Oh, okay. All right. Right here. Oh, there he is. Uhoh. We found something. Oh, no. Early Christmas just left. Oh my. Do you want it or not? For if you don't. It's totally up to you. We just thought we'd grab it. No, I appreciate that. Left. Have you got something like it? You don't want it? I don't know where I It's just going to be too. I like the train, but I'm not sure where I'm going to put it. So, thank you. Oh, you're welcome. I mean, I love it, but he has like three or four trains out on his two left, but we just thought it was cool. Thank you. We couldn't figure out how to do it cuz it was heavy. Yeah. No, I appreciate it. I He did. I I appreciate it. But I mean, thank you. Well, it's good you came in. Well, it's it's I'm sure we don't. There's I don't have space to put all I was going to say, how many do you have out there now? I'm all right, guys. He said no. Okay. All right. He has two train sets and a little race car set. It's for Liam. Well, yeah. All right. Cuz there's only two left. I know. It's over here. Okay. You know, I I do like it. They're $49.99. Uh right here. [Music] Which isn't bad for all you get. Oh, that's that's the last one. I'm good. You're good. Okay. Thank you for the talk. All right. I do appreciate, man. Those went quick. It's gone. All right. Make sure you're sure cuz it's probably going to be gone once you put it back. I know, right? We tried, guys. We tried. All right. Okay. Yeah, I'll carry those. Okay. Yeah, we wondered how we were going to carry it. That was the main part. Oh, thank you. Yeah, maybe. Well, I I just think Oh, it's good. It's fine. How was your car? Tell me. You can see. Well, we were going to have to tell you. We were going to have to tell you. But it would have been in a bag. We tried, guys. We tried. This is the Christmas store. I just couldn't believe they had it. I was shocked. All right, we were in the Christmas store. Well, let's head this way. We haven't been this way yet. Are we heading sprinkles? Is that Sure. That's where we're heading. All right, everybody. Again, thanks for joining us. Definitely check out one of our awesome sponsors, miktravels.com. mickeyras.com. They will help you book your trip to Walt Disney World. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book the trip yourself. They help you plan for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com. Also, go check out mickeyblog.com for all of the latest Disney news. Where you going? Uh, it's this way. We got swirl on the water. I'm going to get my I'm going to get my birthday cupcake. Awesome. Smoke and I didn't get it yet. Yeah, I got mine on my birthday. Yeah, I we just haven't been down. Well, it was packed, let me tell you. I want to see what flavor they have for for Christmas. Mickey gingerbread cone. Ooh, with chocolate soft serve, pomegranate, and holiday sprinkles. Tropical holiday tree sundae. That sounds good, too. Oh, they have coconut soft serve here, by the way. Oh, they do. Uh-huh. Want my cupcake? That'd be good. Yeah. [Music] I don't know. Boy, look at the water. The color is beautiful. So pretty. Pretty pretty day. The boat going. Yeah, really pretty. [Music] Oh, that's true awesomeness. Yeah, that's all right. He decided he didn't want it. So, all good. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. I just don't know if I got room for it. Yeah. Yeah. We were trying to figure out how we were going to carry it. We would have managed. That would have been the real deal. Uh-huh. It's pretty heavy, actually. I know. Yeah. There's the Lego store. doesn't have a a line on um Thanksgiving. The line was crazy crazy for the Lego store. One of the TV stations this morning went to the Legoland. I saw Oh, fun. And they have they of course they have Legos they sell, too. Yeah, that's super cool. I've never been to Legoland. That'd be fun. One one day to try with this school. I think Josh went one time. We missed the local Disney stores. They were like a mini Disney trip. Oh, I totally understand. Goofy Grandpa. We love those, too. Look, here's a Nightmare Before Christmas one. Wait, where's [Music] my She did that. Did it do it? I don't hear it. There's some trees that interact. She said she saw a magic band deal. Yeah. Is it not? Yeah, but normally it plays music. I didn't hear it. Oh, well. Come on. Cool tree. It's broken. Yeah, exactly. It needs recharged. Well, you know, if you just shake it in front of it, but it's not working. It's okay. Maybe we'll get another one. Yeah, usually you just wave it and it works. But that one's not working. The tree stroll is free. Yeah, it's free to do. You get a little booklet. There's even coupons in there, which is super fun. Hi, how are you? Thank you so much. You, too. Have fun. There's T-Rex. I haven't been on the boat house for not the boat. The boat. What do you call it? Uh, what is that one? Paddlefish. Yes. Thank you. Yeah, I haven't been there in a while either. All right, sprinkles is in sight. Mom, it's right there. Coming in. Mom's excited. The annual pass tree is one. Oh, yeah. The annual pass tree. We have to go see the tree for the annual passholders. You guys will like it. It's really cool. Oh, they got a stitch one. Look corksicle. A, he's cute. Cute. That is cute. Yeah, that is adorbs. Yeah, cuz then you could connect it like on your bag or whatever. Or just carry it. Yeah. Super fun. I don't see it. Maybe it's sold out. I don't need it. But it's cute. [Music] Yeah. Cute. Oh, yeah. They um did announce that the um flower and garden festival starts March 4th. March 4th for the flower and garden festival. Those guys are so cute. Little reindeer. All right, guys. So, we're going to go get a Sprinkles cupcake. Mom's pretty hungry. Um, and so we're going to do that. We're going to sit for just a little bit with mom and dad, enjoy the cupcake, and we'll do some unboxing. So, don't go anywhere cuz we'll continue on with our Disney Springs fun. But, um, you know, they need to sit a little bit more than they used to. So, hopefully you guys don't mind taking breaks with us. as we go along. Hi, how are you? Oh, good. Thanks for watching. Bye. I know. These are good, too. Yeah. Well, we got to figure out where we're going for dinner tonight. Oh my. That bird came right at us. Did you see that? That bird had it out for us. Snack and checks are always okay. Thank you. I'm glad. Awesomeness. Glad you guys enjoy them. Wow. Good. Well, let's look. It's right around the corner here. Oh, look at the little lambs in the basket. That's so cute. Um, there is, but it's not horrible. Yeah, there's the Gideon's line. Not too bad. Birds do love me. Oh my goodness. I do, Christopher. I used to get treats for my mom and let her sit somewhere. This is so nice. A, I'm glad, Jennifer. Yeah, definitely need breaks, right? Everybody does. If only I had a cupcake, Tim says. Well, soon Tim. Yes, Ethan. Definitely say hello if you see me. We don't mind at all. We love saying hello. Oh, it opens on your birthday. A, that's so fun. So, I can take all the things and find a table if you guys want to go order. Yeah. You know, you want Christmas cookie. Christmas cookie. That's what I'm going to get of those. Yeah. Everybody, it was fun. Probably the same. The Christmas cookie. Yeah. You got to get the Christmas ones while they're here, right? Exactly. All right. So, I'll take the bag. And mom, do you want to go put your drink by me and then Okay. Where should we sit? Okay, that's fine. This is what they look like. Oh, they even have a gingerbread. But no, I'm getting Christmas cookie. Okay. Three Christmas cookies. I'll get them. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Yep. Yep. You got it. I use my number and then you get your birthday. Yeah. Uh, okay. The drive by duck. Oh, yeah. I know. It must be. They have it out for us. A look at the dove. You don't see doves very often. No. In Florida, at least. Cute. All right, Mom. Do you want to sit? Uh, maybe over here. Oh, maybe right here. Right here. Yeah. Okay. That way they have a view and Right. Well, let's try it. See if the sun's in our eyes. We could always sit. Is it in your eyes or are you good? No. Okay, cool. Yeah. I don't know about this. Well, let's check it. Yeah. Now it's good for now. Yeah. Well, good deal. Cool. All right. Here's your um coloring book. I'll just put that right there. See, what did Tim say? I have a cookie mission to complete. Oh, you do, Tim. Yeah, we're going to open those. Well, let's wait on dad. Oh, no. I know. I just look at They're cute, aren't they? We could take them out though and show everybody which ones we got again. May want to clean the tables. Yeah, they do look a little messy, but yeah, mostly crumbs. It's just sprinkles. Really? That's when I get it. Uhhuh. You're welcome, Rita. Are you um so free Dad gets a free Good job. Dad gets a free cupcake cuz um if you're signed up with Sprinkles, you get a free birthday cupcake. Yeah. And I already got mine, so I didn't. Woohoo. Oh, yeah. Guys, if you have missed it, Josh had a vlog that he posted yesterday from the Disney Destiny. Um, his second day on the Disney Destiny. So, don't miss it cuz he did an awesome job. And, uh, yeah, you don't want to miss checking that out. Yeah. And then the more more you guys watch, the more Disney's apt to invite us back again. So, please go support the vlog. you might decide you want to take a cruise. Well, 100%. That's the main reason, right, Mom? Yes. Good job. Listen to mom. Um, but definitely go watch the vlog if you guys haven't. Um, would really mean a lot to Josh. Daryl S just became a member of the channel. Thank you so much, Daryl. Thank you. Thank you. Really appreciate it. Oh, Christopher. Yeah. Good. I'm glad, Christopher. Thank you so much. Yeah. Oh, to be snacking at Disney Springs. Yeah, it's it's awesome. Yeah, for sure. Okie dokie. I'm going to get mine. You got your tea. Guess what? I brought a water. Oh, no. Good idea. If we watch, any chance we could get a free cruise? I mean, that would be amazing. However, I don't think so. Oh, good. Jennifer, I'm glad you enjoyed them. Tim says mom knows best. That's right. Thanks, Tim. I'm going to go classify. Um, there's no place with that to do that, right? Oh, not here. Yeah. So, fine. It's so cool. When we get down to the the Starbucks down there, you might be able to do that. You know, the one on the west side. That's true. But they only have cupcakes here. You're right. No, I I forgot. And Mara says, "Dale, if you're still looking for a Christmas gift for Jenna, she's a size 10day cruise." 10day Disney cruise. I love that. Exactly. 100%. How'd you know? How did you know? Honestly, I was beyond excited for the stream. Specifically, there was a similar stream within the past year or so where the three of you did some strolling and shopping here, and it was amazing. Aw, thanks, Virginia. Became one of my fave dreams ever. A, that's so sweet. Well, I'm glad mom and dad were able to come with me today. And yeah, the weather was too perfect. Oh my goodness. So, definitely. Yeah, cuz otherwise it's been so hot here. Mhm. Yeah, it has. Or chilly, too. So, the other way, you know, it's been Yeah. Yep. It's that time of year, right? Yep. Elizabeth says, "Hi, Resort TV1 mom." Uh, oh, hi, Elizabeth. And Matthew says, "Yes, that Disney announced that Thunder Mountain and Buzz opens in the spring. I can't wait." Yeah, that will be amazing. Yep. Look, here you Sorry, they didn't have any. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. Now, is this okay for you to sit there, Dad, or is the sun on you? No. So, we can always move. It's fine. Okay. So, a special box for the two of you. Thank you. And I got this box for my birthday. Your free one. Nice. They're good for, by the way, they're good through the 24th of December. So, from the 20th to the 24th. So, it's okay. Okay. That's a nice long Oh, look here. Show the stream. Dad got his birthday sticker. Uhhuh. Where do I go, Dad? Right there is fine. Oh, boy. Happy birthday. Awesome. A three-day cruise would fit just as nice. Love it. Yep. Okay. Did you happen to get napkins? If not, we can go back. Yes, he did. Good job, Dad. Did I get napkins? I may have got too many. Never. Never too many napkins. Some of us are messy eaters. Some of us being me. No, I'm looking at me. Spring equals June, May, and April. Awesome. Hey, Hersshel and Margie. Oh, yep. I will probably put one down to eat off of. I've got We got several. Good idea. I'll take one more. You How many do you have, sweetie? I have three. There. Perfect. All done in. All right. Okay. We got plenty. If not, we can go get more. Yep. Yeah. Right there. I'm going to let you do that, Dad. You're good at that. Oh, yeah. Thank you. Hello, the little story lady. I like your name. That's cute. That's cute. All right, guys. Let's selfie and I'll show you what our cupcakes look like without messing them up. Mhm. I'm going to try. Look at those. Those are These are always one of my faves. I'm so excited. So, these are only here at Christmas. Mom, I will let you pick first. Which one do you want? Well, this one's over here. So, are you sure? Yeah. Or do you want more sprinkles? Oh, thanks. I just happen to have some warm up. Okay, perfect. Well, which would you rather? I don't care. Me. So, we're at a stalemate. Well, then we can just take the ones. This is what I was. Good job. We're at a stalemate. I know. You never know what random things are going to pop up. Checkmate. We're playing chess. Cupcake chess. Checkmate. You guys Yes, birds do love me. This is true. And squirrels the other day. Remember that squirrel ran out in front of me? No. It was fun to grab something to eat, wasn't it? Um, it was just running across the road. Oh. Oh. Oh, that's right. Does anybody need this? I got it. Yep. Thank you. Mhm. Am I smelling fish? Probably. It's right there. Raglin Road. Oh, man. We got to do that sometime. The hole in the wall bar. Yeah. Oh, yeah. That you sit outside there. All right. This is going to be delicious. Oh, look at my ears, guys. They're from Monoa J from Alani and my shirt. I don't know if she'll be in the chat at all, but thank you, Manoa J. She sent these to me last year. I've never been to Alani, but I would love to go one day. It's on my list. Yep. And they have Duffy's there. Duffy and Friends, so I'd have to bring a suitcase for merch. Right. But you need just to figure out how to pick it out. We were supposed to go to Hawaii and we for our 15th wedding anniversary. I remember that. We didn't. They cancelled the flight and then we didn't ended up not going. That's okay. But you went to Mexico. Yeah, we did. Yeah. This is like just cupcake. You know the candy cane on top? Reminds me of those cookies we used to make, Mom, at Christmas. What were they called? Spritz. Mhm. They had this like little machine thing and you would pull the lever and they come out. Yeah. Yeah. You put the dough in. Right. Anyway. Uh-huh. Then we got tired of doing the lever thing. Then we got electric one. Electric one. Okay. Yeah, that's even better. Mhm. So, these are the Christmas cookie cupcakes. Yummy. Yeah. So, they're I think vanilla cupcake, but then on the bottom is a sugar cookie. Yeah. That's what makes it even better. More messy crumbs. A little one right there. You got it. We approve. Yep. Yum. Yum. I think the icing is just buttercream. Yeah. Vanilla. I wonder how long they they're good through do you think the end of the year then? Probably these or probably till after Christmas. I would assume. Yeah. Mhm. Did they have the other flavors? Gingerbread and peppermint. Well, it didn't look about the big cupcakes, but they had those little mini ones and they had they had gingerbread. Okay. They probably did. Yep. Oh, hi Jeff. We have not rapid fire bopped yet. Should we? No. Oh, rapid fire bop. Rapid fire. We've not bopped the like button, guys. Close out of the chat. Find the thumbs up and bop it. But you can only bop it once because if you bop it twice, it takes it away. You don't want that, right? All right. Are you guys ready? This is a selfie rapid fire bop. I've never done one of those. set. The like button and subscribe if you're new. We did it. See how many more we get. All right, I'm going to turn you guys back around. So, cuz these cupcakes are messy and you don't want to watch me. Try to eat a cupcake. Boy, they're a mess, but they are good. Mhm. Tim practiced mopping. Good job, Tim. Oh, look at him go up. Good job, guys. Mhm. Yeah. Rapid fire always works. If you rapid fire and you just hold your but and your finger down on there, it's like spinning a wheel or something. You might hit the You might get the right one and you may not. Yeah, I know. That's right. Rapid fire bop it. We did it. 500. Good deal. Now, with the the cookie, it's a sugar cookie with green. Just green. It's good to make it festive, you know. Yeah. Yeah. M a festive cookie. I mean cupcake cookie. I mean it's the best of two worlds. You get a cupcake and a cookie all in one. True. Exactly. It's kind of like a brookie, but that's true. Those are best of both world. And a little cookie on the top. Good point. Yeah. At Universal, they have very good brookies. A brownie and a cookie. A brookie. Hi Willene. Thanks for popping. If you're new here, also bop the subscribe button. We'd love to add you to the resort hopper family. Mercedes says, "Hello. Hi, mom, dad, and Jenna. How does it feel to be a mom and dad to so many? All the hoppers." Oh my goodness. Yeah, it feels great. I'm going to get you all cookies for Christmas. There you go. Yep. I make snicker doodle muffins. M. That smells amazing. M. That would be dangerous. Uhhuh. It's probably like the coffee cake ones from Duncan. Those are so good. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yum. Yum. You need some spritz cookies, son. You going to go buy one of those? Got to get one of those. The thing about that is you have to put that dough in the fridge for a while and then put it in. I don't know how you do that. I think you have to do that with most sugar cookies, don't you? Yeah. Um I know I do with my gingerbread cookies. You make the dough and it has to go in the fridge for a couple hours. A merry Christmas, Carol. A she she has not tried the cupcakes, however. She can't have them anymore. I bet they're good, though. Her poor little tummy is no bueno. Yeah, you guys always like put the sprinkles on the on the best part. You make Christmas trees. This is our mission for Christmas this year. We need to find pimmens to make pimmen cookies. Yeah, I think we tried last year. I saw you might be able to order them online or something. Well, one year I saw them at Publix, but I don't know. Hey, Shadow Dragon. So, growing up, my grandparents mom's mom and dad had wild pmen trees or bushes or what were they? Trees. Um, I don't remember. Trees. Trees. Yeah. Um, and we would pick them and they made the yummiest cookies. Yeah. In fact, sometimes that was our breakfast Christmas morning. That's true. And the old wives tale on that was your mom told us this. So a spoon when you open them up it's either a spoon would mean a lot of smell or a fork was not. Yeah. If you open up the the pmen what what were they like the seed or what was it inside? Was it the seed? I don't you probably knew all about that. And then if it looked like it was the shape of a spoon, you would get a lot more smell. If it looked like it was the shape of a fork, then you weren't going to get as much. No. More rain. I remember that. I remember that. Every year you guys would open it up, be like, "Okay, are we getting snow?" Was just cold for Oh, is that what it was? Okay. Good job. Good job. We I think we looked online one time. We thought maybe Aldi's might we look what they did, you know? Maybe they just are periodic. Who knows? Well, and it's such an oldfashioned thing that, you know, Yeah. But yummy. I think that's I think that's why I like my gingerbread cuz they give me that a little hint of the pimmen cookies cuz it has the spices in it. Yeah. And they do have um not just wild pimmen trees, but they have some that are cultivated too now. Groves, I think. Oh, nice. Where? I'm not sure. But they're a lot They're a lot bigger. Mhm. California. When D and I lived in California, we saw a bunch of places that were pimmen farms. Okay, that's good. Tim says you should make them and I will try them. Sign us that sounds like you, Tim. You can tell you're pimmen pudding. Who's your mom in the chat? Oh, yes. Yes, we are. Yes, pimmen pudding was good, too. I never had one or I don't know. Have you had it? What's that? Pimmen pudding. Pudding. I just remember you making the cookie. I don't think I ever had the pudding. Well, when I was growing up when I was growing up, I Nice. Yep. That was good. Mhm. Holiday traditions. It was. Yeah. That's cool. Virginia. Mhm. The other one's your zucchini bread. Yeah, we always had that, too. Hel and Margie, say hi, Mom and Dad. Hey. Yum. It is good. They definitely if they haven't tried one of these and they're here, they if you're here Christmas, try one of these. Yeah, we grew a lot of pimmens and you get a lot of of zucchinis. So, not you can see who's not been talking. It's okay. Look at all the snacking chat. That's why you're close to you. It's true. They get bored just sitting here. M. But yeah, but yes, we did we did have a zucchini, right? Yeah. A lot of zucchini. Zucchini. You get an abundance of zucchini. That's why we decided to It was good. We didn't freeze it. Yeah. You know, it is a gorgeous day today. Yes. Ma says, "Tim, can I be your science assistant?" Tim says, "Yes. Every beaker needs a honeydew." You guys on stage. Yeah. So funny. Guess whose birthday's coming up? Well, Tim. Oh, Tim. Tim's birthday. Oh, you're getting blips. Really? It's not showing that. Tim, anybody else getting blips? To your house. Yeah, but if you are, I will fix it. Mar says, "We're here every day with the jokes. Tip your waitress. [Music] I can fix it if I need to, but it looks okay on my end. Let me know." Flip free. Okay. No blips here. All right. Okay. Christopher said, "I missed the joke." It was funny. It was about science. What about Every time I hear that one go like Figment, what about science? [Music] Mine's falling apart. No bling. Okay. MR's on a roll. He's telling Christopher the jokes weren't they were they weren't dad jokes. They were not apparent. [Music] Oh my goodness. You guys are good. [Music] So good. We need to have a show now. You guys are there too in the audience. Love it. Jody, I don't know. Great question. Good deal. Oh, look at that. Well, how about that? Hi, John. We don't have to worry about getting the crumbs on the floor. See? The birds will take care of that. Yes, they will. Oh my goodness. Wow. Those are delicious. It's very good. Yes. You're getting hot. Yeah. Not bad. Not bad, though. That's good. You're good. Okay. You can move it. Put a chair over here. I'll let you do that. Here, sweetie. It's good so far. All right, we're good. My mess cuz mom and I need to do our unboxing still. Oh, that's right. Unboxing here, sweetie. Oh my god. Can you put more water in the box? Is there some water? They used to be, but I don't know if they still If not, we could go to Starbucks and get more. Okay. Mhm. Hey, music in the theme parks. You're here at Disney Springs. Oh, is M80s here tonight? Oh, we love M80s. They're awesome. Okay. Is this ours? One of our food. Uh, I don't think so. Okay. But it might be. It might be. Oh, yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. coloring book. This is pentatonic. We got to save the bag to put them back in. All right, Mom. Which one out of these do you want? You pick first. Are you sure? Uhhuh. Let's show them what we have again. Okay. Cuz I don't There's no way I know. N Yeah. But these are the blind boxes. So, mom and I both got one of these. Mhm. And these are brand new. These are the Marvel Stitch. So it's Stitch as Marvel characters. So we can get one of these, one of these, or a mystery one. The mystery one is very rare. I don't really care which one I get. They're all really cute. Yeah, they are. I kind of want I kind of want Rocket or Thor is really cute. Spider-Man is cute. And then I think they're calling Thor, too. I know, right? Cuz it's Stitchy. That's true. And then we've got the Frozen collection with Olaf, Anna, and Elsa. I really hope I get Olaf, but Anna and Elsa are cute, too. There are one, two, three, four, five Olafs that you can get. One, two, three, four. Elsa or Anna, so you have a better chance at Olaf. But we'll see. Dale says he wants them all. They're cute. All right. They are. All right, Mom. Which one you want? You pick. I mean, they're doesn't matter. All right, I'll just do the one close to me. Okay, let me grab a drink first. This is serious business. If you don't get the one you want, it's fun. Serious business. If you don't get the one you want like in the frozen, then you'll have to you'd have to go get another box, but then you could get the same one again. Yeah. But I mean, but there's, you know, several of them. Oh, yeah. So, the chances aren't true. Super high. Yeah. Well, and if you do, then you can put one in one room and one in another room. Or or if you could give it to somebody for that, too. Good idea. That's a great idea. All right, Mom. Let's see. Do you want to open Fidgety first or you want me to do the frozen one? I want you to do whatever you want. That's what I think. All right. Your birthday. It was not even a week ago. All right. Okay. Well, let's open the frozen one and then mom and I can open ours. How about that? This one's cute. All right. Here we go. Drum roll. This is the fun part about the unboxing. It's It's in a in a bag. In a box. Surprise. They don't know anything. Yeah. Usually there's a card in there. So, if you don't want to see the card, then don't look at it. If you don't want to know who your character is, you know what I mean. All right. Well, that didn't work. Again, that's called Rockus. That's what I'm here for. Oh, I got Elsa. She's cute, too. She is cute. A but not Olaf. But she's cute. She's got Olaf's hands. Oh, she does. Does she? Poor Olaf. Maybe she's fixing him. Oh, she could be. Yeah. Yeah. There was fell off. Oh, so there. Wait, wait. I did get Olaf. Oh, you did. He's a tiny little Olaf. He came with Yeah, we came together. Well, that's cool. A That's cute. Okay, that's cute. Yes. So, I got Elsa and Olaf. Okay, that's adorable. Cool. They're not like stuck together. You just have to, you know, place them next to each other. A. Okay, that's cute. It really is. I know. Do you want to build a snowman? Okay, that's cute. All right, I'm going to put it back. Glue. You could glue him in on Oh, yeah. Oh, and it has Oh, you know what? It has a stand. I bet it And then you just place them on the stand. And there's like a little Okay. A little thing to put her shoe on. I guess she's got quite a bit of stuff with that, don't she? I dropped Olaf. You got it. Yep. I caught him. Did he melt? Don't drop Olaf. Poor little Olaf. Okay. Well, cool. That was cute. You'll take two. I know. They're really fun, too. All right. Now, what's nice about the Stitch One is you know you're going to get one you like. Stitch. How do you go wrong with that? That's true. So, all right, Mom. Okay. Why don't you go first since I just unboxed? So, you unbox first. Whoops, wrong direction. What do I do if I don't want to look at the card? You just don't look at it. Too many directions. Oh, lock down. Yeah, she is building a snowman. Isn't that cute? I I like that one. It was a good one. Here we go. I might need more. You see, that's the thing. They're a little addictive. All right. Let's see what mom gets. Yep. Look at the card. All right. That's suspense. This is the fun part. Yeah. There we go. What' you get? What'd you get? She got Stitch. Yeah. Surprise. Yeah. Oh, you got rocket. Oh my god. I'm a little jealous. I'm not going to lie. All right. He's got his costume on. Let's show the camera. He's rocking it. And he's got a baby little baby uh Groot. Oh my word. Mom, you picked a good one. So, is that the mystery? Uh, no. It's on the other side. Oh, okay. She did out. And the the tail and the ears are plush like or sorry, not plush, but like soft. Soft. Yeah. Cute. Okay, now I'm got a good one. Let's see what I get. I did. No. So, Hannah, they're all out of the Mickey uh key keychains from PopMart. All right. Which one am I going to get? I'm going to move that cupcake so I don't get Stitchy in it. They got to Yeah, they're nice, aren't they? Yeah, they got Do the heads turn the head turn? I don't know. Probably not. Doesn't look like it. All right. I am Groot. I know. Mom got a good one. Yeah. See what I get? No, they don't. If you'll stitch. Imagine that. Yep. All right. No way. Oh, I'm glad we didn't get like two boxes, you know? What are the odds? Okay, I'm excited cuz I really did want him. That's so cute. Awesome. Mom and I have twin stitches. We do. I love it. A That's great. That's really cool. There it is. Really? Yeah. Awesome. That was really Oh, and you got a the stand. Did you see the stand? Oh, is there a stand in there? Yeah. Or is it No. Is that a shield? I don't know what it is. No, it's a stand. It's a stand. Yep. You put his little foot in there. Okay. Look at that. And then here's the card. Like I said, if you don't want to know what it is, don't look at the card cuz it shows you. A That's so cute. Okay, that was a fun unboxing. It was. Yeah, you guys, you got the same one. I know. I am really shocked. Like I said, the odds are not that great to get the same because what are there? Six. 1 2 3 4 5 six. There's eight. I can't say with the I can't math. Was there with the mystery eight? Yeah, eight. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. That's super cool. It was the group when that's really nice. I know. That was one I wanted. I know. How perfect. Twinning. Yes. All right. Well, it doesn't matter which one's which. We can just stick them back in the bag. Fil sun is starting to get in our I know. Yeah, I'll bet. No, I don't think I Okay, sweetie. Well, let's continue on after we had a nice little break. Uhhuh. I'm ready to get out of the sun. I'm ready for another cupcake. I'm just kidding. Oh, man. Not me. That was good. It was good. It was very good. It was all right. You need more water or you good so far? Okay. I am big. Wait, you know it's not big. The hole in the wall that the hole in the wall is not busy. Bar. Yeah. Right behind you. You can sit out out there and have, you know, Captain, you know, you can sit out there and eat outside. Do they have food or is it just a bar? Uh, will you order the food inside and come out? Oh, you can sit out there, I think. I've never done that before. And it's it's nice because it's not so hot right now in the summer, isn't it? Too hot. Oh, yeah. It's a little too warm in the summer. Unless you go at night. Yeah, that does help. Yeah. But mom's boxing there. Yep. Unboxing. Yeah. A reboxing. So, we're just going to head around and check out a few more shops. Put that in here, too. Yeah. Totally can. Well, that was fun. I'll do it. Actually, I do want to go through the the main area. So, we're going to go this way. Okay. And head that way. And we'll go look at the Christmas tree. Okay. Always love to see the Christmas tree. So pretty. Oh. Oh. On the main one. The main one. Yeah. Yeah. You You got hot. Yeah. I'm a little warm. Shave. A reboxing. They like that reboxing. Oh, good. Theresa, I'm glad you liked it. Don't forget your purse. [Music] All right. Oh, this is the box dad was talking about. Oh, no. This was for Thanksgiving. Three pumpkin, three dark chocolate, three red velvet, and three vanilla. Those are cute. [Music] All right, let's go this way. We're going to chat about another awesome sponsor that we have. We have resorttv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy. Go check out resorttv1homes.com. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realator for you in the area that you're looking. Resorttv1homes.com, guys. Go check us out. Even if you're not ready to move yet. Yeah, it does. Even if you're not ready to move yet, go ahead and get that process started. Wow, you can smell them cooking over here. [Music] Your parents are so sweet. Love that you enjoy time with them and around Disney. A they are sweet. I agree. Yeah, we always have fun. Starting to get dark in Connecticut already. Oh man, it doesn't get dark here until about 5:40 or so. 5:45. 5:35. 540. Yeah. Yeah. It's in about an hourish. So, the shortest day is December 21st. That's right. And today is the 3. I see the Christmas tree. Yep. I think they have some up here. Super popcorn smell. Let's give him a t-shirt. Super popcorn smeller. I love that. I love that smell. I like to eat popcorn. I don't do it at home. Oh yeah, Dale loves popcorn, too. Here it is. There's a tree. So pretty. It's tall. Hi, Plymouth Rock. Oh, yeah. It's really tall. How many feet is that? That is a great question. [Music] It snopes here at night. Yeah, you're right. Yeah, it is. It's gorgeous. Oh, it's dark in Boston already. And then over here, I like how they have the garland across. That's super fun. [Music] [Music] [Music] There it is. Oh, look how pretty. It was meltdown time. Pretty, right? All right. Well, let's go in Ever After cuz it's right here and why not see what they got in here. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, these are cute. Little coin bags or something. $16.99. Park copper. Anyway, oh, Park Hopper. Okay, that is adorable. Love that. That would describe. Nobody. No. No. Nobody in the chat at all hopper. Oh my goodness. I know. Isn't he cute? Look, Chip. No, he didn't. No. Chip and Dale. $24.99. They're really They're little strawberry. Yeah. And outfits. Diapers, I guess. Little outfits. Yeah. Pants or shorts or whatever you want to call them. Look at Minnie. Got her little strawberry dress. And we got Marie, too. Uh Dale is a red. Yeah, I was right. Yeah, and Chip has like a chocolate chip nose. Oh, okay. Chip's got a chip on the show. Chip has a chip. Exactly. [Music] I love these bags. These are cute. They have a little strap here. Oh, on the back it says happily ever after. Let's see how much they are. These are new. Um, it doesn't say. Oh, $34.99. That's not bad at all. Oh, those are cute. Yep. The little bag coin port purse or something. Yeah. 16.99. Okay. $16.99. Black and tan. And then there's black and tan here as well. Those are fun little purses. Look at these. Cute. Oh, these are cute. Look at Baymax. Uh 14.99. It looks like there's Trip and Dale Winnie. Oh, here's Stitchy. Cute. I might have to get this for somebody for a Christmas gift. Oh, what's this? What's this? What's this? A I have something like that. We You know, we both do, Mom. Do we? I have Stitch and you have Winnie. They They have like reusable bags in them. I'll get it. Okay. You want I go ahead and do it. Then you want to Okay. All right. Thank you. Or I can switch you either way. Yeah. You got that recipe. It's not that exact one, but it's similar to that. Oh my word. Look at this. A tiny little Montreal bag. Is that cute? I don't know what I do with it, but that is adorable. You've got a Montreal bag. Yeah, we do. Yeah. A lug bag. Look, I got my tiny little bag. Bigger than that one. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. But we could attach it to our Montreal bag. So true. A Montreal bag on our Montreal bag. Yeah. I'm going this way. [Music] So funny. Montreal bag. I mean, it just makes sense. There's a lax bear. I know. It's a little coin purse. Look at this one, too. Isn't that cute? My last trip, I told this little girl that fact just as much just like as a fun fact. And the mom got so mad. Thought I was trying to correct her daughter. Oh, too funny. That's funny. Grabbed a Stitch Wishable, too, and got the reindeer. Oh, fun. I didn't get the reindeer one, which um I got I'm trying to think which ones I got. I got um Santa and the Christmas tree one. Yeah, it was very cute. Very, very cute. And then they've got all the um build your own ears here. Of course. Got to get all those. Got quite a few. I like the Christmas ones. I know. I need cute. Mom wants Chip and Dale. The Montreal bag is really cute. Yeah. Well, that would be a cute gift. You get it and then put a Disney gift card in it for somebody. That's a great idea. Yeah, it is. Oh, you're talking about Chip. I got you. I got you. She's so cute. Oh, yeah. [Music] This one's cute, too. Magical place on earth. Oh, yeah. All set. Awesome. Put it in here. Oh, wow. Thank you. Perfect. All right. Head down this way. We got some more trees to see. I know. Isn't that a great idea? I love that. All right, let's chat about another awesome sponsor. We've got uh David's Vacation Club rentals. DVCrequest.com/tv dvcre request.com/tv. If you guys want to rent or book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out. Again, dbcrequest.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David. Oh, who watched the new Prep and Landing show? Uh, it's cute. It's on Disney Plus. It came out, I don't know, not too long ago. I watched it uh, Sunday morning. It was It was really cute. Great addition to the Prep and Landing uh, series that they already have. Town Center Tree. That's a great idea, Virginia. I love that. Oh, that sun is so bright. I have not seen Zootopia 2 yet. I want to. It's on my list. I want to see that and I want to see Wicked. One day I'll get there. Thanks for almost 600 likes, everybody. Hit that subscribe button, bop the like, all the things. Check out all of our other videos. Also, go subscribe to Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Dale and I do our own adventures. Um, and I need to edit my birthday vlog. Dale filmed while we were celebrating my birthday on Thanksgiving. And, uh, I need to edit that and I'll get it out for you guys and it'll be on Adventures of Jenna and Dale whenever I can get it ready. This is where the annual passholder tree is and it's really cute. Right in the middle. Yeah, it's right here. Passover tree is right up here. Okay. Are they giving buttons away or uh if you complete the tree thing, they are giving little ornaments away. Yeah. Wicked shoe was so good. Bring tissues. Okay, good to know. Thank you. And I think my magic band will work. We'll try. We'll try it. All right. It's going off. But it's not doing anything. They're broken today. It's going like it did it. No, it makes a noise. Yeah, too bad. It was really cute. It did like when you scan into the park, it went and then it made the whole Montreal feel, you know, please stand clear of the door. something. Yeah. It's a cute tree though, isn't it? What's that remind you of? The little rink like the old the countdown of Christmas or Yeah. And the old chains uh that you put together construction paper. Super fun. I like the balloons. The balloons are fun. Oh, here it goes. It's doing it again, but it's not doing anything. Come on. Nope. It's buzzing. I know. Wouldn't that be cool? Christopher said it'd be cool if the Montreal actually went around. That's what I was thinking. Yeah. Oh, well, we tried, guys. That's pretty, too. Oh, yeah. It's a cool tree. I like that. I know. It does have some cool Let's go around the other side. Maybe that side works. I don't know. It's worth a try. balloons upside down. Where that on the tree? No. Oh, I think they're just pretty like little flower things. See, I can see how you think that though. Yeah, they're pretty. Jay, it's me. I'm the problem. It's me. Stitch is wreaking havoc. He does that sometimes. It's not working. [Music] I don't know. It buzzes, but it doesn't do anything. Keep going. Okay, I'll try again. Thank you. This one's cool. This one's a Toy Story. All right, Ethan. That's cool. [Music] [Music] Police naad. Police Manning. Pton Manning. Okay. Cool. Oh, gotcha. I didn't know that. We got the chicken guy over here. Delicious. Yummy, yummy, yummy. All right, guys. Keep popping that like button. [Music] Yep. It's cooling off now, isn't it? Wolf Gang Fox always remind me of We always used to go down to the other one by Uhhuh. Christmas shop. It was one of the only quick service at the time, you know. Oh, that's right. They didn't have that many quick services here, but they also had good pizza. So, [Music] all right. Let's see as we're heading this way. Oh, I hear a saxophone. I think he copyrighted me last time. We'll see what he's playing today. [Music] They are. Oh, you stage. Oh, how fun. Yeah. Isn't that cool? [Music] Sounds good. Yeah. It's different. It's adorable. Yep. I do really like this. Yep. That's neat. I like this a lot. Yeah, it's cute. Is it 99? I think it was $79, which is still expensive, but Oh, no. 89. So, sorry. $10 more. You're paying for all the design. I mean, it is a sweater, so it is. It's true. I get it. And the buttons and all the things. Yeah, it's true. It's very pretty. Clarabel cow. Yeah. Oh, look at this. This is cool. Oh my goodness. This is soft. Oh yeah. You can tell it's like butter. Yep. Oh yeah, it is. Yep. It's $130. It's very soft. Holy moly. It's quite soft. It's quite soft. Oh my word. This shirt is so cute. I've not seen this anywhere. Hang on. We got to check it. They just have one room open. It says goofball. And look, Goof is in a ball. Snowball. That's cute. That is really cute. Yeah, that's pretty cool. Laying on the back. Is it one of the It's not It's just a t-shirt or a long Yep. $44.99. That's awesome. I like that. This is the only place I've seen this. Huh. Super fun. Yeah. A I know. That's cute. Love it. You need some more food? I guess. This one's fun, too. I like the back. Oh, that's cool. Puffer jacket. Isn't that fun? Wow. I know. Isn't that cute? All right. So glad you guys are here watching today. Hope you're enjoying the Winnie as it is. Yeah, it lights up and it's a lot of money. 89 89.99. Yeah. Wow. It's really cool. It is really cool. It's super cute. Oh, I see. Yeah. Yeah. It has batteries. Well, I bet it has to. Yeah. The teacup over here you can take pictures in. Did you still want ice or you good? Okay. Dad, do you want water? Water outside. You could just go in and ask Starbucks for one. Okay, I think so. Yeah, there's Starbucks. And yeah, it's really nice inside. They did a great job. Couple more trees down here. [Music] It's right though. That's good point. It's a good point. I smell it. [Music] They don't have any cool popcorn buckets right now. at this one. Anyway, here it Oh, yeah. Well, Tim, you got to come down so dad can get popcorn. Oh, yeah. This is the stitchy tree. Look. [Music] And they put her right there. That's pretty cool. So fun. Get the balloon in the background. Yeah, even better. Um, I don't know if they have any specialty Christmas cookies at Summer House. That's a great question. [Music] There's the Star Wars one over here. [Music] Yeah, look at C3PO up top. See if this one works. What did she say to go around? Did she say it must not like my magic? I mean, it's lighting it up. [Music] Yeah, I only brought it cuz I knew these did that. Oh, there it goes. [Music] We did it. Finally, we got one to work. All right, it does more. We'll see. [Music] You had to talk to her last time. I know. Come on. You can do it. You got this. [Music] We got to come back in 30 minutes. That's funny. Weird, isn't it? You're right. So weird. It makes the like you can feel it vibrate and that's how you know it's going to go and then but it didn't go. [Music] Oh well, at least we got one. You did. Okay. Well, [Music] Yeah, exactly. Should we Let's go out by the water. Go get a pretty view. [Music] Have you been here a couple times? You got to go on the media. Uhhuh. I've been here with media and I've been to the cookie place, but that's that's about it. We've been to the cookie place. They have some good cookies. Yeah. Uh let's see. I do want to chat about some more sponsors. Um, we do want to talk about wait time signs and wait um, sign TVs. So, let me see. We've got weight time displays. Use the code uh, resort 15 for 15% off. Go check them out at weightsigns.com. And uh on these devices, you can see real-time ride weight times, view your own resort channel, watch live nightly fireworks shows, and enjoy live piano bar uh request shows, and so much more with weightsigns.com. Weightsigns.com, guys. Again, use our code resort 15 for 15% off. Okay, good. Tim uh Troy 99 smiling face with sunglasses. Thank you, Troy. Thank you so much. And I guess let's just stroll this way. It's very pretty, isn't it? We also have Dream Table. And Dream Table is an amazing app that makes finding Walt Disney World dining reservations a breeze, even at the really popular restaurants where finding a reservation is normally almost impossible. So go to dreamtable.co to check it out. dreamtable.co. So, all you have to do is get the app, put in uh what day you want to go, what restaurant you want to go to, how many people, and uh they will notify you whenever that reservation becomes available. They will not make it for you. The birds are out to get me today. Holy moly. Oh, yeah. Those birds that go underneath. Snake birds is what we call. I don't know if you guys saw that in the stream, but that bird headed right towards me. You were in it way. That was crazy. He's like, "Get out of my way." I know it. They're fishing. So again, dreamtable.com, guys. Go check them out. Orco, I'm sorry. Uh, also, have you ever wondered um how your favorite rides were created here at Walt Disney World? Go check out Behind the Ride by David Mower. Uh, you can get the ebook, hardcover copy. Also, um, Disney Demystified, you can get the, uh, audio book as well. Disney Demystified and behind the Ride. I know. So sneaky. Hi, Yoohoo. You're welcome. Don't go anywhere yet, guys. We're not leaving. We're just strolling and talking about our sponsor so I don't forget. And then layer 1 technology is an MSP managed service provider who helps small to mediumsiz businesses um with their help desk tech support, cloud services, network support, backup and disaster recovery. So go check them out guys at layer onetone techchnology.com. layer onetone techchnology.com. I know right Tim. They stopped the drone show. I actually don't know why they stopped it, but yeah, they they just had it for a short time. Maybe because it was too crowded, my bad. Maybe. I don't know. It was beautiful, though. Hi, Britney. Some of the drones may have that could be too. Yeah. Was it Christmas time they had? Uh, no. Summer. Last summer. So, it's been gone over a year. Yeah. Crazy. But you had to you really had to wait in line. You had to wait. Yeah. And it it got really crowded. But it was worth it. The hotel over here, it's part of the good neighbor hotels. Um, I forget what that one's called. Uh, that one is, but the tall the tall one. That one. Oh, yeah. I can't see the neighbor. Forget. Yeah. Anyway, it's one of those uh good neighbor ones. Somebody's asking in the chat, but yeah, that is Saratoga Springs across the way, which is a DVC resort. Amy says, "Hello, mom and dad. So, uh, well, let's stroll down this road. We haven't gone that way yet. And then, uh, we'll see what else we can see. [Music] Happy Wednesday, Jose. How are you today? There are so many birds right now. Watch your heads. Huh? [Music] Thanks for 600 likes. Keep bop boopping away. At the like button. Really enjoying you guys being here with us today. And mom and dad are having a great time. Love having them with us whenever they can be here. Over here they've got the villains tree. [Music] Oh, it might be the Windom. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what hotel that is, guys. That's a great question. Oh, yeah. I'm not sure. Yeah, that's okay. Don't fall. All good. So pretty with the sun on the balloon right now and the water. Gorgeous. [Music] Yeah. So, not tomorrow, but Friday is Friday Night Live and Josh will let you know. I think it's Josh's turn. I don't know whose turn it is, but one of us will let you know where we're going to be on Friday. I don't believe anybody will be live tomorrow. So, it's a good day that you can go check out some of our other streams or videos, vlogs, things like that. We really appreciate when you do watch them. Yeah, it's pretty good. I'm not sure. We had it, but it's been a while. It's been a while. Yeah. I've never been to STK. I heard it's good. Okay. It was good. Was it good? Okay. All right. I've never been. Hey, Kevin. Hey, Gina and the Stars. How are you? Oh, did you get a McDonald's Happy Meal? One of the um Disneyland 70th. That's super cool. Oh, bye. Um, proud patriot. Have a good day. Look at all those birds. I know. Crazy. There's Paradiso 37. They've got some yummy stuff. Tomorrow is Thursday. Yes. Correct. Did I say it was Friday? I don't know. It's coming up. Tomorrow's Thursday. Then we got Friday. I forget what was here. It closed. Whatever it was. [Music] Uh, you will be outside Orlando for Friday Night Live. I am guessing the Disney area. Yes. Good. Good guess. Good. Good guess. They have a whole Olukai shop now. Ain't that cool? I always love their flipflops. They're one of my favorites. hydration. We've got the ganacherie. I know. Their handmade s'mores are amazing. I think we had one once. Yeah. We need to try. Oh, they're so good cuz they're sea salt caramel in there. Oh, darn. So good. Oh, shocks. We don't want awesome. Oh, was it Art of Shaving? Okay. Interesting. Yeah. Yeah. It closed. You can have a mead tasting. Fermented honey beverage. Yeah, me tasting. It's a honey. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I heard about that, Matthew. Yeah, they're selling Grinch um Happy Meals, aren't they? That's really fun. [Music] Here's Gideon's. We've got Jock Lindsay's Hanger Bar over here, which is all decorated for Christmas. And then of course, uh, Wine Bar George over here. Happy Wednesday from Maine. Just had a massive snowstorm yesterday. Love to see the nice weather. Oh no. I'm sorry. It's yucky where you're at. There was a mess. Maine. Oh, yeah. I heard that. Yeah, I'm sure. And up way up. Yeah, I'm sure it's kind of yucky. Not Not at this time of year. Nope. Not a good time to go in the fall. Let's see. Trying to think where we could go. Maybe up here somewhere. Well, they got some yummy things over here. I wish I could eat it. It's gelato. [Music] Got an elf and a reindeer chocolate shake and a mint chocolate chip shake. Oh, that sounds mint chocolate chip. Wasn't that that one place we used to go? We went to first time I had a mint chocolate was after we went to in ah what's the theme park called Busushch Gardens. Oh really? I don't we were in uh Tampa. I don't remember. We were on the way out and we went to one of the fast food Uhhuh. Didn't Rex used to have them in? That's it. Okay. Thank you. We had one in Vincent, too. I know it. Yeah. It's the only time I ever had that one. That's funny. Too funny. Hi Doug. Racks. That was it. And they had those gator uh drinks. You remember the gator drink? Yeah, you guys. I love those. Look, guys, the car is about to go. Let's watch it. [Music] It's a little peepy. No, you don't have to. There it goes. Yeah, there they go. Like a boat. It's an old engine. Not stopping. Look at that. Watch it go in the water. Come watch the boat. Splash. [Music] I know. It's so fun to see that. Hey, Fernando. Yeah, that's fun, isn't it? Down. Oh, what was that from? Ellen, was it? Yeah. Ellen's um energy. Dive. Dive. Ellen. That's funny. I forgot all about that. Look at the bobbers. Your brother-in-law worked for Racks. They had a great salad. Mexican Italian bar. I remember that. They had a great salad bar. [Music] I hope Pinatonics doesn't uh copyright me. Yeah, definitely smelly. Yeah. Wow. And this is a gluten-free bakery. So, if you need gluten-free things, this is where you get it. Or allergyfriendly. They have all sorts of things that you can have here. Even pies. Vegan, gluten-free, and kosher. Yeah. [Music] Yes, exactly. Can only have the car boats. Well, I'm hoping you guys enjoyed the stream today. I know we had a good time, right? Yes, we did. Some of us did shopping. Some of us Some of us did some unboxings. Hey, we tried to shop for you. Yes, you did. We tried. [Music] Um, but we do want to thank our amazing platinum members of the channel. We like to thank them and read their names out every stream. I know. Aren't those cute? Um, so we have Amy Moore, Grey Rose Adventures, Big Guy 1, Tiffany Mertz, uh, Lovego Mini, Diane 515, Chuck Sparrow, Sorcerer, Mickey, William Ly, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, uh, Chuck Paulie, the amazing Jaylen Moxley, Skiander Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Berismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our platinum members of the channel, all of our members of the channel, all of our hoppers, moppers, boppers, Patreon members as well. We appreciate all you guys. A thanks awesomeness. So much fun. I haven't been there in a long time. I still remember when Liam was a baby and Josh took him in there and he saw that dinosaur and his face was like like his little eyes were like poor guy. He's like, "Is that real?" That was funny. Yeah. Yeah. Looked real. That was cute. Oh, there goes the boat making its rounds. Yep. Down the ramp where you saw it. Thanks, Christopher. I pulled up a cheat sheet. [Music] I wish I was that good. But no, we also want to make sure we, you know, get any new ones that have been added, too. So, my memor is not quite that good, but I I try. Just kidding. I did all for memory. The kids love T-Rex. I know. It's fun, right? [Music] Look, you can see Stitchy over there. Oh, yeah. And the moon. Look at that. Oh, that's awesome. Uh, we did see pins, Tim. We didn't show all of them, but there was a giant pin in there, so you'll have to go back and look. I don't remember what it was now, but there was a jumbo pen and I know those are the ones you like. I did not see any of the ones from Epcot for the festival of the holidays, though. I know Tim said there were some cool ones. All right, trying to think where we can go out of the sun. Oh, yeah. [Music] How about right over here? [Music] All right, let's selfie it up, guys. Come over this way. Yep. There we go. At least we're out of the sun now, right? Easier to see us. All right. All right. Well, thanks to mom and dad for hanging out tonight, right? This afternoon. Not really tonight. Whatever. It was fun. And thanks to all you guys for hanging out as well. Make sure you bop the like button, subscribe if you're new, and watch all the old videos tomorrow when we're not live. And uh we'll see you Friday for Friday Night Live. All right. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Wow. Good luck. All right. [Music] That's your account. [Music]
