---
video_id: asDv1GciAwU
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Friday Night Live Stream & Festive Weekend Announcements - 12-12-25 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2025-12-12
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asDv1GciAwU
---
Hey guys, guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? It's Friday Night Live and tonight we'll be live at 600 PM Eastern time, our normal start time. Chloe says hi. She says hi, guys. I'm a chilly girl. I'm chilly. Are you snuggling? Want to say hi? Want to say hi on the microphone? She definitely wanted to say hello to everybody. I know everybody's been asking about her. See how she's doing. She's doing okay. She's hanging in there. She doesn't like the cold, that's for sure. Do you? Oh, I know. Mama, go put you in your bed and get you all snuggly. How about that? All right, I'm going to put her in their bed, get her all snuggly, and then I'll be back to tell you where we're going to be. All right, so she's all snuggly now. And uh yeah, so let me tell you where we're going to be for Friday Night Live. So, tonight is very special. We thought we'd do something different. We haven't done this in a long time, and we just thought, why not tonight? Um, so I haven't been on the past two Friday Night Lives cuz one was the day after my birthday. I was celebrating with friends and then last Friday Josh was at a Christmas party that I couldn't get, but we're going to be together. Well, kind of. It'll be both Josh and I on Friday Night Live, but we're going to do the back and forth stream. So, we thought that would be fun. We haven't done that in a while. So, we're going to be bringing you to both Epcot and Hollywood Studios. So, Josh will be at Hollywood Studios. I'll be at Epcot and we'll be throwing the stream back and forth all night long. So, it's going to be a lot of fun. We're going to show you Fantasmic. We're going to show you Luminous. We're going to show you all the fun decorations at Hollywood Studios, all of the fun decorations at Epcot. Um, it's going to be awesome. We're going to take you on rides, of course, at both parks, at Hollywood and at Epcot. Um, so yeah, it's going to be an awesome fun Friday Night Live. So, you don't want to miss it. Um, Hollywood and Epcot with both Josh and I. and we get to throw you back and forth to the, you know, through the stream, uh, pretty quickly through, you know, this awesome app that we have. So, hope you guys join us tonight again, 600 p.m. Eastern time. That'll be a lot of fun. Um, and we have a lot going on this weekend. So, not just Friday Night Live. So, Saturday is the um, magical night of hope at Give Kids a World. So, if you're coming, can't wait to see you there. Of course, Josh and I will be there. Dale will be there. Corey, of course, because he's the host. And um yeah, it's just going to be an awesome fun night raising money for this amazing amazing place, Give Kids a World. If you guys have never been, I highly recommend going, you know, to volunteer there. Um also coming to Magical Night of Hope, if you can come, but we also will be live streaming it here on Resort TV 1. It'll be on Corey's channel, Corey Meets World, as well. I believe it'll be on Steve's World. Um so you'll be able to watch it live if you're not able to make it there in person. And um yeah, it's going to be an awesome night of music and everything. and Dale and I are going to be at the auction desk. So, if there are things that you're eyeing on the auction website, um you know, we're going to be showing you and highlighting a few things throughout the night. So, it'll be so fun. Josh will be playing his saxophone. Corey will be singing. Uh Yeeha Bob will be there. So, it will be amazing. So, join in. Um donate to Give Kids a World if you can or donate or you know, bid on some of these auction items as well. Uh, so that'll be Saturday and I believe the stream well I know I think all the festivities start at 6 um with the music and everything. So I'm assuming the stream will start around 600 p.m. Eastern time. So stay tuned. Have your notification bells on. But that's not it. We have more. So on Sunday I will be live at a Christmas party at Magic Kingdom. So of course I didn't get to go with Josh on Friday. Um, but we thought it would be fun since they were sold out of tickets anyway for me to get a different night and then we can bring you to two, you know, to more parties. So, I will be live. I'm not exactly sure what time I'm going to go live. Um, probably around 6:30, 7:00 p.m. The party starts at 7. So, have those notification bells on, but it'll be around 6:30, 700 p.m. on Sunday evening at the Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party. I can't wait. This is going to be my last one of the season. Uh, we're definitely going to check out, you know, the parade for sure. my favorite thing. The fireworks are amazing. We'll check that out. Hopefully, we'll go get to see some characters because we haven't really done a lot of that. So, hopefully see some characters, of course, get cookies. I also have one or two treats I want to try um that I haven't tried yet. Um and yeah, and I'm going to have some fun some fun festive friends with me. So, tune in on Saturday or on Sunday. That'll be on Sunday. So, we have an awesome festive fun weekend for you guys. Friday night with the back and forth stream Epcot to Hollywood Studios. Saturday, magical night of hope at Give Kids a World and Sunday, of course, at the Christmas party. So, join in for all the things. We cannot wait to see you guys. And uh yeah, first of all, we'll see you tonight, Friday Night Live. Hope you guys are having an awesome uh weekend, the start to your weekend. And uh we'll see you tonight. Definitely check out all of our awesome sponsors. Links are down below in the description of the video. We'll see you guys soon. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Go check out our sponsors mickeyblog.com and mickeytras.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning advice. Mickeyas.com to book your next trip to Disney. Also, resorthomes.com. If you're wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resorttv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realator for you in the area that you're looking. And our last sponsor, David's Vacation Club rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. If you're wanting to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out again at dbcrequest.com/tv. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big, beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. [Music]
