---
video_id: _piq0p8QO-Y
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Checking Out Dad’s Train Set at Christmas!"
published: 2025-12-29
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_piq0p8QO-Y
---
Hi, this is Josh with Resort TV1 and I'm Hi, this is Josh with Resort TV1 and I'm Hi, this is Josh with Resort TV1 and I'm here at mom and dad's house. A lot of here at mom and dad's house. A lot of here at mom and dad's house. A lot of people wanted to see dad's train set and people wanted to see dad's train set and people wanted to see dad's train set and he's got it all decorated up for he's got it all decorated up for he's got it all decorated up for Christmas. So, I thought we'd uh take a Christmas. So, I thought we'd uh take a Christmas. So, I thought we'd uh take a look and see what he has been working look and see what he has been working look and see what he has been working on. Liam's been helping and so I'm here on. Liam's been helping and so I'm here on. Liam's been helping and so I'm here with mom and dad and Liam and we're with mom and dad and Liam and we're with mom and dad and Liam and we're going to go check out the train set. going to go check out the train set. going to go check out the train set. Let's go. All right. So, here we go. Let's go. All right. So, here we go. Let's go. All right. So, here we go. This is the Christmas village. He's got This is the Christmas village. He's got This is the Christmas village. He's got it all decorated. it all decorated. it all decorated. &gt;&gt; He even got a candy cane on the ground. &gt;&gt; He even got a candy cane on the ground. &gt;&gt; He even got a candy cane on the ground. Um Um Um &gt;&gt; what is this? &gt;&gt; what is this? &gt;&gt; what is this? &gt;&gt; Uh this is the train right here. This is &gt;&gt; Uh this is the train right here. This is &gt;&gt; Uh this is the train right here. This is the village that we've been working on the village that we've been working on the village that we've been working on together. And then we have this slot car together. And then we have this slot car together. And then we have this slot car park all around park all around park all around &gt;&gt; um with the side rails and everything. &gt;&gt; um with the side rails and everything. &gt;&gt; um with the side rails and everything. And then we have all these trees and And then we have all these trees and And then we have all these trees and everything. everything. everything. &gt;&gt; And a fire station. &gt;&gt; And a fire station. &gt;&gt; And a fire station. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And we also got people in the thing over &gt;&gt; And we also got people in the thing over &gt;&gt; And we also got people in the thing over there. there. there. &gt;&gt; In the stadium. That's right. And also &gt;&gt; In the stadium. That's right. And also &gt;&gt; In the stadium. That's right. And also what what is that cover bridge over what what is that cover bridge over what what is that cover bridge over there? What? there? What? there? What? &gt;&gt; Oh, we have um a what is it called? Uh, &gt;&gt; Oh, we have um a what is it called? Uh, &gt;&gt; Oh, we have um a what is it called? Uh, it's a it's a [music] a cover bridge it's a it's a [music] a cover bridge it's a it's a [music] a cover bridge train for the train. And you guys gave train for the train. And you guys gave train for the train. And you guys gave it to me for Christmas last year. it to me for Christmas last year. it to me for Christmas last year. &gt;&gt; We did. &gt;&gt; We did. &gt;&gt; We did. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, we did. We sure did. &gt;&gt; Oh, we did. We sure did. &gt;&gt; Oh, we did. We sure did. &gt;&gt; And we have some construction vehicles. &gt;&gt; And we have some construction vehicles. &gt;&gt; And we have some construction vehicles. Um, this warehouse. Um, this warehouse. Um, this warehouse. It usually stores like all the Oh, show It usually stores like all the Oh, show It usually stores like all the Oh, show them. them. them. &gt;&gt; It's the carn, right? Yeah. That's nice. &gt;&gt; It's the carn, right? Yeah. That's nice. &gt;&gt; It's the carn, right? Yeah. That's nice. &gt;&gt; Mario Andre car. &gt;&gt; Mario Andre car. &gt;&gt; Mario Andre car. &gt;&gt; And then we have another fire station. &gt;&gt; And then we have another fire station. &gt;&gt; And then we have another fire station. &gt;&gt; That's right. We're And then what is &gt;&gt; That's right. We're And then what is &gt;&gt; That's right. We're And then what is this station? A police station, I think. this station? A police station, I think. this station? A police station, I think. &gt;&gt; Oh, this. No, this is the fire station. &gt;&gt; Oh, this. No, this is the fire station. &gt;&gt; Oh, this. No, this is the fire station. &gt;&gt; Oh, fire station. &gt;&gt; Oh, fire station. &gt;&gt; Oh, fire station. &gt;&gt; There's another fire station. &gt;&gt; There's another fire station. &gt;&gt; There's another fire station. &gt;&gt; Police station. &gt;&gt; Police station. &gt;&gt; Police station. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; No, it does say fire. &gt;&gt; No, it does say fire. &gt;&gt; No, it does say fire. &gt;&gt; It does. Okay. &gt;&gt; It does. Okay. &gt;&gt; It does. Okay. &gt;&gt; No, police. &gt;&gt; No, police. &gt;&gt; No, police. &gt;&gt; Police station. &gt;&gt; Police station. &gt;&gt; Police station. &gt;&gt; Plastic plastic. Fire station. &gt;&gt; Plastic plastic. Fire station. &gt;&gt; Plastic plastic. Fire station. &gt;&gt; There it is. Over there. &gt;&gt; There it is. Over there. &gt;&gt; There it is. Over there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; plastic. &gt;&gt; plastic. &gt;&gt; plastic. &gt;&gt; Liam Liam built all of this park in the &gt;&gt; Liam Liam built all of this park in the &gt;&gt; Liam Liam built all of this park in the middle, didn't you? You put the walkway middle, didn't you? You put the walkway middle, didn't you? You put the walkway down and went with the snow. down and went with the snow. down and went with the snow. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I made that section there. And we &gt;&gt; Yeah, I made that section there. And we &gt;&gt; Yeah, I made that section there. And we have this Christmas tree [music] right have this Christmas tree [music] right have this Christmas tree [music] right there in the middle. So, here's the post there in the middle. So, here's the post there in the middle. So, here's the post office and the uh school, Plasticville office and the uh school, Plasticville office and the uh school, Plasticville school. school. school. &gt;&gt; And we have the church. &gt;&gt; And we have the church. &gt;&gt; And we have the church. &gt;&gt; Yep. Then Buckyy's car there. Buckyy's &gt;&gt; Yep. Then Buckyy's car there. Buckyy's &gt;&gt; Yep. Then Buckyy's car there. Buckyy's truck. truck. truck. &gt;&gt; And what's the name of this community? &gt;&gt; And what's the name of this community? &gt;&gt; And what's the name of this community? Remember Remember Remember &gt;&gt; that's right. What was Varna? Is that &gt;&gt; that's right. What was Varna? Is that &gt;&gt; that's right. What was Varna? Is that where where where &gt;&gt; uh &gt;&gt; uh &gt;&gt; uh &gt;&gt; the trains? What's making the noise? If &gt;&gt; the trains? What's making the noise? If &gt;&gt; the trains? What's making the noise? If you guys hear the little It's a Lionel you guys hear the little It's a Lionel you guys hear the little It's a Lionel Winter Wonderland. Yes. The Varna is Winter Wonderland. Yes. The Varna is Winter Wonderland. Yes. The Varna is where dad grew up. Yeah. where dad grew up. Yeah. where dad grew up. Yeah. &gt;&gt; There's also this car right here. It's a &gt;&gt; There's also this car right here. It's a &gt;&gt; There's also this car right here. It's a squat car. Oh, it's a slot car and it squat car. Oh, it's a slot car and it squat car. Oh, it's a slot car and it actually works. So, you like race on it actually works. So, you like race on it actually works. So, you like race on it together and so that's really fun. together and so that's really fun. together and so that's really fun. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you race on it. You can get one &gt;&gt; Yeah, you race on it. You can get one &gt;&gt; Yeah, you race on it. You can get one two cars following each other. two cars following each other. two cars following each other. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it looks like one's pushing &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it looks like one's pushing &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it looks like one's pushing the other, but it's really the other, but it's really the other, but it's really &gt;&gt; So cool. &gt;&gt; So cool. &gt;&gt; So cool. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; Amy's fast. &gt;&gt; Amy's fast. &gt;&gt; Amy's fast. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; I think I did. &gt;&gt; I think I did. &gt;&gt; I think I did. &gt;&gt; You know, you know you're good. I Oh, &gt;&gt; You know, you know you're good. I Oh, &gt;&gt; You know, you know you're good. I Oh, no. It fell off just a little bit. no. It fell off just a little bit. no. It fell off just a little bit. &gt;&gt; All right, go for it. &gt;&gt; All right, go for it. &gt;&gt; All right, go for it. &gt;&gt; All right, we're we're good. I got you &gt;&gt; All right, we're we're good. I got you &gt;&gt; All right, we're we're good. I got you got you fixed up there. got you fixed up there. got you fixed up there. &gt;&gt; All right, &gt;&gt; All right, &gt;&gt; All right, &gt;&gt; that's holding right there. &gt;&gt; that's holding right there. &gt;&gt; that's holding right there. &gt;&gt; Good job, guys. &gt;&gt; Good job, guys. &gt;&gt; Good job, guys. &gt;&gt; Chevel. &gt;&gt; Chevel. &gt;&gt; Chevel. &gt;&gt; Oh, somebody &gt;&gt; Oh, somebody &gt;&gt; Oh, somebody &gt;&gt; that's a crash in turn two or whatever &gt;&gt; that's a crash in turn two or whatever &gt;&gt; that's a crash in turn two or whatever turn that is. turn that is. turn that is. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, turn two. You're right, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, turn two. You're right, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, turn two. You're right, Josh. Josh. Josh. &gt;&gt; Oh, you guys are really good. &gt;&gt; Oh, you guys are really good. &gt;&gt; Oh, you guys are really good. &gt;&gt; Now, here you want me to start the train &gt;&gt; Now, here you want me to start the train &gt;&gt; Now, here you want me to start the train while you're going here. while you're going here. while you're going here. &gt;&gt; Good. Go. Yeah, go for it. &gt;&gt; Good. Go. Yeah, go for it. &gt;&gt; Good. Go. Yeah, go for it. They're also sounding. They're also sounding. They're also sounding. &gt;&gt; And there have been many different &gt;&gt; And there have been many different &gt;&gt; And there have been many different configurations of this train. This is configurations of this train. This is configurations of this train. This is the one latest one with the racetrack the one latest one with the racetrack the one latest one with the racetrack cuz Liam wanted a way for cars to race cuz Liam wanted a way for cars to race cuz Liam wanted a way for cars to race around too. So now we've got both. around too. So now we've got both. around too. So now we've got both. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you got several different train car &gt;&gt; And you got several different train car &gt;&gt; And you got several different train car sets and engines, too. Line Chicago Al Line Chicago Al Line Chicago Al says Land of Lincoln on it from says Land of Lincoln on it from says Land of Lincoln on it from Illinois. Yeah. Yeah. Illinois. Yeah. Yeah. Illinois. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I got it from the farm, you know, &gt;&gt; Yeah. I got it from the farm, you know, &gt;&gt; Yeah. I got it from the farm, you know, where I grew up. And it ended up being where I grew up. And it ended up being where I grew up. And it ended up being barn on the farm. Now snow bellies and barn on the farm. Now snow bellies and barn on the farm. Now snow bellies and sals. sals. sals. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The &gt;&gt; Yeah. The &gt;&gt; Yeah. The &gt;&gt; one of the older locomotives you have &gt;&gt; one of the older locomotives you have &gt;&gt; one of the older locomotives you have does the smoke and everything which is does the smoke and everything which is does the smoke and everything which is fun. fun. fun. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. I think this one will &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. I think this one will &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. I think this one will smoke. smoke. smoke. &gt;&gt; Oh, you guys are doing great. &gt;&gt; Oh, you guys are doing great. &gt;&gt; Oh, you guys are doing great. &gt;&gt; Are you still racing? &gt;&gt; Are you still racing? &gt;&gt; Are you still racing? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Mimi's winning now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Mimi's winning now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Mimi's winning now. &gt;&gt; Don't forget you can switch tracks too, &gt;&gt; Don't forget you can switch tracks too, &gt;&gt; Don't forget you can switch tracks too, guys. guys. guys. &gt;&gt; Oh, went off the road. &gt;&gt; Oh, went off the road. &gt;&gt; Oh, went off the road. &gt;&gt; It sort of reminds me &gt;&gt; It sort of reminds me &gt;&gt; It sort of reminds me &gt;&gt; and Liam can go under here and get a &gt;&gt; and Liam can go under here and get a &gt;&gt; and Liam can go under here and get a NASCAR race NASCAR race NASCAR race &gt;&gt; in the middle there. Oh, yeah. Cool. &gt;&gt; in the middle there. Oh, yeah. Cool. &gt;&gt; in the middle there. Oh, yeah. Cool. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; So, you got a pit row. You be on pit &gt;&gt; So, you got a pit row. You be on pit &gt;&gt; So, you got a pit row. You be on pit row. row. row. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You can actually push a button and &gt;&gt; Yeah. You can actually push a button and &gt;&gt; Yeah. You can actually push a button and get off the road. Off the track. get off the road. Off the track. get off the road. Off the track. &gt;&gt; Go that way. &gt;&gt; Go that way. &gt;&gt; Go that way. &gt;&gt; There's also a &gt;&gt; There's also a &gt;&gt; There's also a &gt;&gt; race. You guys go. You can race each &gt;&gt; race. You guys go. You can race each &gt;&gt; race. You guys go. You can race each other. other. other. &gt;&gt; There's also a cross track where they &gt;&gt; There's also a cross track where they &gt;&gt; There's also a cross track where they can switch sides. can switch sides. can switch sides. &gt;&gt; That's okay. You're racing. &gt;&gt; That's okay. You're racing. &gt;&gt; That's okay. You're racing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. This is a modern kind of &gt;&gt; Yeah. This is a modern kind of &gt;&gt; Yeah. This is a modern kind of &gt;&gt; That's okay. You're You're pushing. &gt;&gt; That's okay. You're You're pushing. &gt;&gt; That's okay. You're You're pushing. &gt;&gt; Oh, lit. L literally [laughter] Liam &gt;&gt; Oh, lit. L literally [laughter] Liam &gt;&gt; Oh, lit. L literally [laughter] Liam stopped. Yeah. So, that's a different stopped. Yeah. So, that's a different stopped. Yeah. So, that's a different kind of slot car track that allows the kind of slot car track that allows the kind of slot car track that allows the Whoa. He went all the way up. Or she Whoa. He went all the way up. Or she Whoa. He went all the way up. Or she went all the way up. Yeah. That allows went all the way up. Yeah. That allows went all the way up. Yeah. That allows them to be on the same track at the same them to be on the same track at the same them to be on the same track at the same time. time. time. &gt;&gt; This is the fun part of it. &gt;&gt; This is the fun part of it. &gt;&gt; This is the fun part of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, you can crisscross the tracks. &gt;&gt; Well, you can crisscross the tracks. &gt;&gt; Well, you can crisscross the tracks. &gt;&gt; Yes. There's the Chris truck. There you &gt;&gt; Yes. There's the Chris truck. There you &gt;&gt; Yes. There's the Chris truck. There you go, Liam. Put them on a different track. go, Liam. Put them on a different track. go, Liam. Put them on a different track. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's all right. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's all right. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's all right. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the turns are hard because the &gt;&gt; Yeah, the turns are hard because the &gt;&gt; Yeah, the turns are hard because the cars are almost too powerful for the cars are almost too powerful for the cars are almost too powerful for the turns, but it's it's fun. turns, but it's it's fun. turns, but it's it's fun. &gt;&gt; So, yeah, that's the that's the train &gt;&gt; So, yeah, that's the that's the train &gt;&gt; So, yeah, that's the that's the train set. This is the little town. Careful, set. This is the little town. Careful, set. This is the little town. Careful, Liam. Liam. Liam. There you go. There you go. There you go. &gt;&gt; I think one of the best parts is um &gt;&gt; I think one of the best parts is um &gt;&gt; I think one of the best parts is um &gt;&gt; I think one of the best parts is like &gt;&gt; I think one of the best parts is like &gt;&gt; I think one of the best parts is like all like they just have all these like all like they just have all these like all like they just have all these like on like a shelf somewhere. on like a shelf somewhere. on like a shelf somewhere. &gt;&gt; Oh, and also um look I didn't even see &gt;&gt; Oh, and also um look I didn't even see &gt;&gt; Oh, and also um look I didn't even see this but actually this but actually this but actually &gt;&gt; look what &gt;&gt; look what &gt;&gt; look what &gt;&gt; it says like a G C D I &gt;&gt; it says like a G C D I &gt;&gt; it says like a G C D I &gt;&gt; that's Aldi. It's a grocery store. &gt;&gt; that's Aldi. It's a grocery store. &gt;&gt; that's Aldi. It's a grocery store. Hey Le, I'm coming after you, buddy. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Nope. Nope. Nope. &gt;&gt; Nope. Nope. Nope. &gt;&gt; Nope. Nope. Nope. &gt;&gt; Here's here's some of the other &gt;&gt; Here's here's some of the other &gt;&gt; Here's here's some of the other &gt;&gt; train stuff he's got. That's a &gt;&gt; train stuff he's got. That's a &gt;&gt; train stuff he's got. That's a &gt;&gt; transformer. &gt;&gt; transformer. &gt;&gt; transformer. &gt;&gt; The train. And these are some of the &gt;&gt; The train. And these are some of the &gt;&gt; The train. And these are some of the other cars. other cars. other cars. &gt;&gt; He's got that Alaska one was one we had &gt;&gt; He's got that Alaska one was one we had &gt;&gt; He's got that Alaska one was one we had when I was a kid. I had a Lionel set when I was a kid. I had a Lionel set when I was a kid. I had a Lionel set there. And some of those cars are in there. And some of those cars are in there. And some of those cars are in &gt;&gt; around here, too. And he's got some more &gt;&gt; around here, too. And he's got some more &gt;&gt; around here, too. And he's got some more buildings and stuff that they don't have buildings and stuff that they don't have buildings and stuff that they don't have room for with this setup, but he can room for with this setup, but he can room for with this setup, but he can change the setup and do different change the setup and do different change the setup and do different configurations and all kinds of cool configurations and all kinds of cool configurations and all kinds of cool stuff. There's an older locomotive or stuff. There's an older locomotive or stuff. There's an older locomotive or two over there. So, yeah. And the log two over there. So, yeah. And the log two over there. So, yeah. And the log hauler is fun, too. You can actually uh hauler is fun, too. You can actually uh hauler is fun, too. You can actually uh [music] dump the logs out at certain [music] dump the logs out at certain [music] dump the logs out at certain points. I believe this is also part of points. I believe this is also part of points. I believe this is also part of the train set that I had when I was the train set that I had when I was the train set that I had when I was little as well. So, yeah. Anyway, all little as well. So, yeah. Anyway, all little as well. So, yeah. Anyway, all super fun. So, lots of cool train stuff. super fun. So, lots of cool train stuff. super fun. So, lots of cool train stuff. Oh, there's the this is the transformer Oh, there's the this is the transformer Oh, there's the this is the transformer for the uh Yeah, I got to slow down a for the uh Yeah, I got to slow down a for the uh Yeah, I got to slow down a little bit. This is the the big little bit. This is the the big little bit. This is the the big transformer that he had used to be transformer that he had used to be transformer that he had used to be running everything back uh before you running everything back uh before you running everything back uh before you put the holiday set out. put the holiday set out. put the holiday set out. &gt;&gt; We can I can still do that once I get &gt;&gt; We can I can still do that once I get &gt;&gt; We can I can still do that once I get the holiday train off and I sort of got the holiday train off and I sort of got the holiday train off and I sort of got it hooked up to I can turn this the big it hooked up to I can turn this the big it hooked up to I can turn this the big one on. You had a good one on. You had a good one on. You had a good &gt;&gt; It's a lot of fun. We We It started with &gt;&gt; It's a lot of fun. We We It started with &gt;&gt; It's a lot of fun. We We It started with you guys. Yeah, you guys. Yeah, you guys. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's I was just showing them some of &gt;&gt; that's I was just showing them some of &gt;&gt; that's I was just showing them some of the stuff that the Alaska one was one we the stuff that the Alaska one was one we the stuff that the Alaska one was one we had when I was a kid. That that the blue had when I was a kid. That that the blue had when I was a kid. That that the blue one. This is This is what we use for um one. This is This is what we use for um one. This is This is what we use for um how I made the park over there. That's how I made the park over there. That's how I made the park over there. That's what I used to make what I used to make what I used to make &gt;&gt; the rocks and stuff. &gt;&gt; the rocks and stuff. &gt;&gt; the rocks and stuff. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I also use like not these &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I also use like not these &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I also use like not these trees, but different trees. trees, but different trees. trees, but different trees. &gt;&gt; Um and then we're planning on putting &gt;&gt; Um and then we're planning on putting &gt;&gt; Um and then we're planning on putting this on and all this stuff. this on and all this stuff. this on and all this stuff. &gt;&gt; It's the elevator and the barn and the &gt;&gt; It's the elevator and the barn and the &gt;&gt; It's the elevator and the barn and the house from the farm. That's right. house from the farm. That's right. house from the farm. That's right. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And then this is Liam gave me these cars &gt;&gt; And then this is Liam gave me these cars &gt;&gt; And then this is Liam gave me these cars to put on the track or put on the far in to put on the track or put on the far in to put on the track or put on the far in the in the town. Remember? the in the town. Remember? the in the town. Remember? &gt;&gt; Yep. Like you I usually find these like &gt;&gt; Yep. Like you I usually find these like &gt;&gt; Yep. Like you I usually find these like at haircut places or like [laughter] at haircut places or like [laughter] at haircut places or like [laughter] &gt;&gt; the most random is the place &gt;&gt; the most random is the place &gt;&gt; the most random is the place &gt;&gt; like a gas station. &gt;&gt; like a gas station. &gt;&gt; like a gas station. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's see. This is the one that'll &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's see. This is the one that'll &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's see. This is the one that'll &gt;&gt; That's the big engine. &gt;&gt; That's the big engine. &gt;&gt; That's the big engine. &gt;&gt; That's the big boy. Yeah. And it goes &gt;&gt; That's the big boy. Yeah. And it goes &gt;&gt; That's the big boy. Yeah. And it goes with it. And here's another engine I with it. And here's another engine I with it. And here's another engine I got. It's a Chicago. It's called the I got. It's a Chicago. It's called the I got. It's a Chicago. It's called the I think it's a Chicago Alton water think it's a Chicago Alton water think it's a Chicago Alton water exhaust. Um exhaust. Um exhaust. Um &gt;&gt; let me see. Yeah, here's the Yeah, it's &gt;&gt; let me see. Yeah, here's the Yeah, it's &gt;&gt; let me see. Yeah, here's the Yeah, it's the Alton. Yeah, the Chicago Alton line. the Alton. Yeah, the Chicago Alton line. the Alton. Yeah, the Chicago Alton line. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So, it goes to Bloomington, Illinois. &gt;&gt; So, it goes to Bloomington, Illinois. &gt;&gt; So, it goes to Bloomington, Illinois. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; And it goes to um there's a St. Louis &gt;&gt; And it goes to um there's a St. Louis &gt;&gt; And it goes to um there's a St. Louis right here. St. Louis. right here. St. Louis. right here. St. Louis. &gt;&gt; These are Yeah, &gt;&gt; These are Yeah, &gt;&gt; These are Yeah, &gt;&gt; these are Pullman cars. They are you &gt;&gt; these are Pullman cars. They are you &gt;&gt; these are Pullman cars. They are you very comfortable way back when. Pullman very comfortable way back when. Pullman very comfortable way back when. Pullman knew that. Yeah. My grandpa worked for knew that. Yeah. My grandpa worked for knew that. Yeah. My grandpa worked for Pullman Corporation. Yeah. Armstrong. Pullman Corporation. Yeah. Armstrong. Pullman Corporation. Yeah. Armstrong. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Illinois. So, and then this one is &gt;&gt; Yeah. Illinois. So, and then this one is &gt;&gt; Yeah. Illinois. So, and then this one is really it's a special one, too. It's really it's a special one, too. It's really it's a special one, too. It's it's Land of Lincoln, Chicago. Cuz land it's Land of Lincoln, Chicago. Cuz land it's Land of Lincoln, Chicago. Cuz land of Lincoln. of Lincoln. of Lincoln. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cool. &gt;&gt; Yep. So &gt;&gt; Yep. So &gt;&gt; Yep. So &gt;&gt; those all light up when they do &gt;&gt; those all light up when they do &gt;&gt; those all light up when they do &gt;&gt; on the track. That's cool. &gt;&gt; on the track. That's cool. &gt;&gt; on the track. That's cool. &gt;&gt; And Liam wanted me to move different &gt;&gt; And Liam wanted me to move different &gt;&gt; And Liam wanted me to move different levels one time. We need to try that. levels one time. We need to try that. levels one time. We need to try that. &gt;&gt; We We did once a little bit, but not not &gt;&gt; We We did once a little bit, but not not &gt;&gt; We We did once a little bit, but not not quite. Yeah. So quite. Yeah. So quite. Yeah. So &gt;&gt; that's cool. I like that you got the &gt;&gt; that's cool. I like that you got the &gt;&gt; that's cool. I like that you got the Christmas lights on the bridge there. Christmas lights on the bridge there. Christmas lights on the bridge there. That's nice. That's nice. That's nice. &gt;&gt; You can go I got This is a actual You &gt;&gt; You can go I got This is a actual You &gt;&gt; You can go I got This is a actual You can can can &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; It's an actual I could actually a door, &gt;&gt; It's an actual I could actually a door, &gt;&gt; It's an actual I could actually a door, but you got I got to make it so I can but you got I got to make it so I can but you got I got to make it so I can get underneath and you work. Yeah. get underneath and you work. Yeah. get underneath and you work. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. Liam. &gt;&gt; Right. Liam. &gt;&gt; Right. Liam. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's what I did to make it. I &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's what I did to make it. I &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's what I did to make it. I learned it. learned it. learned it. &gt;&gt; Yep. Poppy still does too, but maybe not &gt;&gt; Yep. Poppy still does too, but maybe not &gt;&gt; Yep. Poppy still does too, but maybe not for long, huh? [laughter] for long, huh? [laughter] for long, huh? [laughter] As I get older. Huh. As I get older. Huh. As I get older. Huh. Well, I think that's a good a good Well, I think that's a good a good Well, I think that's a good a good overview of the train track. So, Liam overview of the train track. So, Liam overview of the train track. So, Liam and and Poppy and Mimi, did you guys and and Poppy and Mimi, did you guys and and Poppy and Mimi, did you guys want to say anything else or? want to say anything else or? want to say anything else or? &gt;&gt; Um, no. &gt;&gt; Um, no. &gt;&gt; Um, no. &gt;&gt; We call them Liam calls him Mimi and &gt;&gt; We call them Liam calls him Mimi and &gt;&gt; We call them Liam calls him Mimi and Poppy, so that's why I said that. Poppy, so that's why I said that. Poppy, so that's why I said that. &gt;&gt; Mimi likes to race, right? &gt;&gt; Mimi likes to race, right? &gt;&gt; Mimi likes to race, right? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; What do What do you think, Liam? &gt;&gt; What do What do you think, Liam? &gt;&gt; What do What do you think, Liam? I think it's really cool. And this is I think it's really cool. And this is I think it's really cool. And this is all cotton. all cotton. all cotton. &gt;&gt; Yes, the snow. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes, the snow. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes, the snow. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then what's underneath? &gt;&gt; And then what's underneath? &gt;&gt; And then what's underneath? &gt;&gt; We also Oh, underneath is like foam or &gt;&gt; We also Oh, underneath is like foam or &gt;&gt; We also Oh, underneath is like foam or something. something. something. &gt;&gt; There it is. &gt;&gt; There it is. &gt;&gt; There it is. &gt;&gt; And some grass. &gt;&gt; And some grass. &gt;&gt; And some grass. &gt;&gt; And so it's like easy to like drill. And &gt;&gt; And so it's like easy to like drill. And &gt;&gt; And so it's like easy to like drill. And then we have like a pond right here. Oh, then we have like a pond right here. Oh, then we have like a pond right here. Oh, &gt;&gt; there there's a bench. &gt;&gt; there there's a bench. &gt;&gt; there there's a bench. &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, I ran on the bench. &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, I ran on the bench. &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, I ran on the bench. &gt;&gt; You have a pond? Yeah. &gt;&gt; You have a pond? Yeah. &gt;&gt; You have a pond? Yeah. &gt;&gt; It looks like &gt;&gt; It looks like &gt;&gt; It looks like &gt;&gt; Oh, I see the pond. Yeah. And the men &gt;&gt; Oh, I see the pond. Yeah. And the men &gt;&gt; Oh, I see the pond. Yeah. And the men over there, those are 3D printed, I over there, those are 3D printed, I over there, those are 3D printed, I think. think. think. &gt;&gt; Yep, you're right. Right in there. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yep, you're right. Right in there. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yep, you're right. Right in there. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then we have these houses that Poppy &gt;&gt; And then we have these houses that Poppy &gt;&gt; And then we have these houses that Poppy builds. builds. builds. &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. &gt;&gt; Um we have this construction site. This &gt;&gt; Um we have this construction site. This &gt;&gt; Um we have this construction site. This is the train stop. is the train stop. is the train stop. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's where like they go in there. And &gt;&gt; it's where like they go in there. And &gt;&gt; it's where like they go in there. And then um yeah, we're planning on getting then um yeah, we're planning on getting then um yeah, we're planning on getting like a gas station for the B vehicle. Um like a gas station for the B vehicle. Um like a gas station for the B vehicle. Um but yeah, that's pretty much it. but yeah, that's pretty much it. but yeah, that's pretty much it. &gt;&gt; That's pretty awesome. So right here. &gt;&gt; That's pretty awesome. So right here. &gt;&gt; That's pretty awesome. So right here. Look at this one. Look at this one. Look at this one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that is a Bies. Yeah, I was You &gt;&gt; Yeah, that is a Bies. Yeah, I was You &gt;&gt; Yeah, that is a Bies. Yeah, I was You gave it that, too. Yeah. gave it that, too. Yeah. gave it that, too. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we did. You guys got that at Bies. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we did. You guys got that at Bies. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we did. You guys got that at Bies. You and Momies. You and Momies. You and Momies. &gt;&gt; Very cool. &gt;&gt; Very cool. &gt;&gt; Very cool. &gt;&gt; What is it, honey? &gt;&gt; What is it, honey? &gt;&gt; What is it, honey? &gt;&gt; The poor house over there. I can't see &gt;&gt; The poor house over there. I can't see &gt;&gt; The poor house over there. I can't see how it's how it's how it's snowed in over there or [laughter] snowed in over there or [laughter] snowed in over there or [laughter] snowed in. snowed in. snowed in. &gt;&gt; Let it snow. Let it snow. Let it &gt;&gt; Let it snow. Let it snow. Let it &gt;&gt; Let it snow. Let it snow. Let it &gt;&gt; snow. &gt;&gt; snow. &gt;&gt; snow. &gt;&gt; This And this came from Joey's World. &gt;&gt; This And this came from Joey's World. &gt;&gt; This And this came from Joey's World. &gt;&gt; Santa. Oh, that's so cool. &gt;&gt; Santa. Oh, that's so cool. &gt;&gt; Santa. Oh, that's so cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Lisa and Joey and &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Lisa and Joey and &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Lisa and Joey and &gt;&gt; Very cool. &gt;&gt; Very cool. &gt;&gt; Very cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah. For Christmas. &gt;&gt; Yeah. For Christmas. &gt;&gt; Yeah. For Christmas. &gt;&gt; Awesome. &gt;&gt; Awesome. &gt;&gt; Awesome. &gt;&gt; Yep. We're having We always enjoy this &gt;&gt; Yep. We're having We always enjoy this &gt;&gt; Yep. We're having We always enjoy this out here. It's nice, isn't it? out here. It's nice, isn't it? out here. It's nice, isn't it? &gt;&gt; It's real, huh? &gt;&gt; It's real, huh? &gt;&gt; It's real, huh? &gt;&gt; Oh, and also there's a Target cart over &gt;&gt; Oh, and also there's a Target cart over &gt;&gt; Oh, and also there's a Target cart over there. there. there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Target truck there, huh? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Target truck there, huh? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Target truck there, huh? &gt;&gt; And a cart if you see that. &gt;&gt; And a cart if you see that. &gt;&gt; And a cart if you see that. &gt;&gt; Oh, the cart. Oh, I didn't see the cart. &gt;&gt; Oh, the cart. Oh, I didn't see the cart. &gt;&gt; Oh, the cart. Oh, I didn't see the cart. You were right about the cart. I thought You were right about the cart. I thought You were right about the cart. I thought you were talking about the truck, but you were talking about the truck, but you were talking about the truck, but no, there is a cart. [laughter] no, there is a cart. [laughter] no, there is a cart. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I know. So cool. &gt;&gt; I know. So cool. &gt;&gt; I know. So cool. &gt;&gt; That one, too. &gt;&gt; That one, too. &gt;&gt; That one, too. &gt;&gt; I love it. &gt;&gt; I love it. &gt;&gt; I love it. &gt;&gt; Well, thanks for showing us your train &gt;&gt; Well, thanks for showing us your train &gt;&gt; Well, thanks for showing us your train set there, Poppy. set there, Poppy. set there, Poppy. &gt;&gt; Thank you, &gt;&gt; Thank you, &gt;&gt; Thank you, &gt;&gt; or Dad Resort TV1, as everybody knows &gt;&gt; or Dad Resort TV1, as everybody knows &gt;&gt; or Dad Resort TV1, as everybody knows you. you. you. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Josh. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Josh. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Josh. &gt;&gt; All right, &gt;&gt; All right, &gt;&gt; All right, &gt;&gt; we have fun with it. &gt;&gt; we have fun with it. &gt;&gt; we have fun with it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And one more thing, this sign was &gt;&gt; Yeah. And one more thing, this sign was &gt;&gt; Yeah. And one more thing, this sign was actually made by Jenna and Dale um for actually made by Jenna and Dale um for actually made by Jenna and Dale um for dad, and it says, "Welcome to Varna," dad, and it says, "Welcome to Varna," dad, and it says, "Welcome to Varna," which was his hometown growing up as a which was his hometown growing up as a which was his hometown growing up as a kid. So, that's what this whole thing is kid. So, that's what this whole thing is kid. So, that's what this whole thing is modeled after. So, there you go. Welcome modeled after. So, there you go. Welcome modeled after. So, there you go. Welcome to Varna. Pretty neat. Well, thanks for to Varna. Pretty neat. Well, thanks for to Varna. Pretty neat. Well, thanks for watching. And a lot of people had asked watching. And a lot of people had asked watching. And a lot of people had asked for a tour of uh uh dad's train set. So, for a tour of uh uh dad's train set. So, for a tour of uh uh dad's train set. So, we wanted to give that to you. And Liam we wanted to give that to you. And Liam we wanted to give that to you. And Liam loves it out here and so do I. So, and loves it out here and so do I. So, and loves it out here and so do I. So, and and Mimi even likes it. Mom likes it a and Mimi even likes it. Mom likes it a and Mimi even likes it. Mom likes it a lot, too. So, lot, too. So, lot, too. So, &gt;&gt; enjoy the racing and stuff. So, we're &gt;&gt; enjoy the racing and stuff. So, we're &gt;&gt; enjoy the racing and stuff. So, we're &gt;&gt; excited we were able to uh share that &gt;&gt; excited we were able to uh share that &gt;&gt; excited we were able to uh share that with you. And especially in its with you. And especially in its with you. And especially in its Christmas configuration. Maybe we'll do Christmas configuration. Maybe we'll do Christmas configuration. Maybe we'll do another one. There's a car. Maybe we'll another one. There's a car. Maybe we'll another one. There's a car. Maybe we'll do another one uh whenever he's got it do another one uh whenever he's got it do another one uh whenever he's got it in its regular configuration, too, with in its regular configuration, too, with in its regular configuration, too, with the snow out, too, so you can see both the snow out, too, so you can see both the snow out, too, so you can see both ways. ways. ways. &gt;&gt; So, but thanks for watching, everybody. &gt;&gt; So, but thanks for watching, everybody. &gt;&gt; So, but thanks for watching, everybody. Uh we'll we'll see you next time. All Uh we'll we'll see you next time. All Uh we'll we'll see you next time. All right. Thanks, Liam. Thanks for helping right. Thanks, Liam. Thanks for helping right. Thanks, Liam. Thanks for helping us. us. us. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; All right. So, for now, have a great &gt;&gt; All right. So, for now, have a great &gt;&gt; All right. So, for now, have a great big, beautiful tomorrow. big, beautiful tomorrow. big, beautiful tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Byebye.
