---
video_id: pB_qnUyG0XA
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Friday Night Live Stream Announcement - 11-21-25 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2025-11-21
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pB_qnUyG0XA
---
Guess what day it is? That's right. It's Friday Night Live. And tonight we have a really fun Friday Night Live for you. First of all, I'll be back. So that'll be awesome for us to both be together on Friday Night Live again. But we will be enjoying Friday Night Live at Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party. It'll be our second party of the year and we cannot wait to enjoy it with all of you with all of the snow, the once upon a Christmas time parade, the Christmas time fireworks, all the awesome shows, the most merriest celebration, all the awesome things that just make it so magical. We love the Christmas party, and we can't wait to share it with all of you. All the cookies, all the hot cocoa, and all of the fun. So, we'll see you tonight at 600 p.m. Eastern time for Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party at the Magic Kingdom, our second time this year. and we are extremely excited to share it with all of you, like I said. So, that'll be tonight, 6 PM Eastern time, we hope you'll join us for the Christmas party. And as far as tomorrow night for Saturday Night Live, uh, and may go back to Magic Kingdom. We'll see to enjoy, you know, more of a regular night at Magic with Resides and Happily Ever After and and uh, all those kind of things. Maybe even Starlight. But I also might do some park hopping. So, I'll have to think about that a little bit. Let me know in the comments where you'd like me to go Saturday night. Uh it'll be a while since I've had a Saturday night stream, so definitely it'll be good to be back doing that. But uh we'll figure out where we're going to go very soon. Anyway, that'll probably be about five or 6 p.m. on Saturday as well. But otherwise, we'll see you tonight, 600 p.m. Eastern time for Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party. It's going to be a blast. Uh definitely check out all of our awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below. We've got mickeyras.com and mickeyblog.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning. Go check them out. mickeyras.com. We've also got resorthomes.com if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida. Just go to resortv1homes.com, click on contact us. We're brokered by EXP Realy. We also have David's DVC rentals, DVCrequest.com/tv if you want to find um a DVC room for a fraction of the cost. That's David's DVC rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. We also have Behind the Ride on Amazon and Disney Demystified on Amazon. There's an ebook of Disney Demystified now on Amazon. So go check that out and that's by David Mumpower. So Disney demystified on Amazon behind the ride. Uh we also have layer 1 technology support at layer onetone technology.com for all your IT support needs for your small or medium-sized business. We've got dreamtable.co if you want to get your favorite reservations for all of your favorite Disney dining experiences. We've also got Parknacker. If you want to know about all the best snacks in the parks, parksnacker.com. And uh definitely we've got Waitimes signs. That's weightsigns.com. Use code resort 15 for 15% off of all the amazing stuff at weightsigns.com. So much cool stuff there. You definitely want to go check it out. So thanks everybody and thank you to all of our awesome sponsors. We'll see you tonight, 600 p.m. Eastern time for Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. [Music]
