---
video_id: mRmcoL_R4oo
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Celebrating Jenna's Birthday at Epcot & The Epcot Resorts - Disney World Live Stream-11-26-25"
published: 2025-11-27
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRmcoL_R4oo
---
already is a huge fan of y'all TV. She would say hello. Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we are live here to celebrate my birthday at Epcot. So, welcome in guys. Before you get too far into the video, I want to make sure everybody is subscribed. Make sure you hit that notifications bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all of the social media. We're Resort TV one on all the things. So, welcome in everybody. Thank you so much for all the happy birthdays. Nice to meet you guys. Have a good day. Welcome in. Hi everybody. We had Yeah, sorry. We had some people say hi right when we were starting, but it's all good. And thank you for being here, guys. And happy birthday, Jenna. Yay. Thanks everybody. All the happy birthdays. Thank you so much. And we also have a couple guests. Not guests, a couple of well, mom and dad. A couple moms and dads. A couple moms and dads from Resort TV1. And they were here celebrating my birthday with me today. Early birthday. Tomorrow is my actual birthday. Yeah. Daryl says, "Happy 27th birthday." But we had a fun day. We went to the Garden Grill. Got to see uh Chip and Dale. Two Dales. Yes. My Dale was here, too, for a little bit. We had to go back and work and uh hang out with Chloe. So, but mom and dad wanted to say hello before they headed out. Woohoo. Celebrate with you. Yeah. Celebrate with me. And yeah, it was a fun day. Beautiful day. Yeah. So, we're going to Josh and I are going to continue the party, right? That's right. We have a actually have a $27 a PayPal actually from Michael celebrating 27 wonderful years of Jenna. Happy birthday, Jenna. Thank you, Michael. I love how you guys all taken that I'm 27. She's embraced her 27. 27 on the 27th. See what I did there? I know. Cool. Everybody's saying hi to mom and dad. Old people have to go home. Yep. They're going to head home. But it was a fun day. We've been here most of the day. So, yep. Got to ride Space Earth and Yep. enjoy the beautiful weather. Yes. Beautiful day. Yeah. Well, keep partying on. We will party on. Party on, Wayne. I was going to say that. Party on, Josh. You're supposed to say party on, Jenna. Party on. Sorry, I just thumbs up. All right. Well, drive careful. Let us know when you get home. I If we remember, we will. Okay. All right. Love you guys. Love you. Bye. Say bye for love you. Bye. So, welcome in everybody. So glad you're here. Hi, Nia. It looks fine. The back of the phone looked like it was really crooked in the thing, but it looks fine. I guess it looks fine on my end. How is it on your end, guys? And Mara's here. Karen, Tracy is here. Brad, Disney mom, Kenny. Yes. And happy Thanks. It's my birthday eve and Thanksgiving Eve. That's right. Hey, Mom. Rimple. Hey, Plymouth Rock. Robert Warner. No. Well, Jane, Amy, we've got about 500 people in the chat so far. Guys, share out the stream. Let everybody know we are live. And ready for some birthday fun. We did the We did the garden grill earlier. It was delicious. It was awesome. I haven't been there for a long time and it was nice to get to look around at all the all the scenery from. We will do that here in a little while because we want to I haven't done it yet. Show you the greenhouse. Uh Gian Pierro $4.99. Happy 27th birthday Jenna. Enjoy Starbucks on me. Thank you Gian Pierro. Really appreciate that. Thanks for the uh $4.99 super chat. Hi Jay Dog. Thank you so much. Hi Ultra Cool Advance. Happy birthday. Thanks Mia. Yes, happy Thanksgiving too. Thanks, Lorie. You guys are so sweet. Hi, Jan. Hi, Colleen. And we've got $20 from Daryl and Victoria Car. Wishing you a very happy 27th birthday again and again. We've been lucky to know you for so long. Hoping to see you soon. Happy Thanksgiving. Thank you. Thanks, Darl and Victoria. And happy Thanksgiving to you guys as well. Hope you have an awesome day tomorrow. Everybody's celebrating my birthday tomorrow with turkey. Yes. And Blue Polo sent $20. Happy birthday and happy Thanksgiving. Hope you're having a wonderful time. Thanks, Blue Polo. Happy Thanksgiving to you as well. And uh hope you have a great day tomorrow. Thanks, guys, for the birthday wishes. So many birthdays. Happy birthdays. I really appreciate them all. Wish I could read every single one. And I do appreciate them. Happy Thanks for giving us Jenna Eve, Tim says. Thanks, Tim. Hi, Amy. Hi, Meredith. Rita is here. Tony Hall. Oh, they got some kind of Is that the DJ? Yes. The boom boom boom. Sounds like New Year's Eve. They just dropped the beat. It has begun. We love Starbucks coffee. Yes, Starbucks coffee. We had some of that earlier today. Tomorrow I got to get my free Starbucks. You know, you can only get it on your birthday now if you're a gold member. Yeah, that makes sense. And tomorrow is Thanksgiving, so I'm really wondering where I'm going to be able to get it. So, we'll see. Uh, Terra Terra Dizzle, congrats on 24 months of Resort Hopper Bronze. Thank you so much, Terra, for being a member for 24 months. Really appreciate that. We're going to do some sort of show. Hi, Craig's Robotics. Hi, Eden. The space show. Oh, okay. Cool. See which one it is. Yeah. I love how this all goes with the show. We can go down there and check out the lights. Oh, it's the Epcot one. Oh, I love that one. It's my favorite one. All right, guys. We're going to go as we go on. Yep. Let's go down here and enjoy. Hey, Louisa. Hi, Edwin. Thank you so much. Thanks, Amy. Joshua Ki. Okay. Oh, I love the song. Let's go here. So, we're not so close together. Yeah. Otherwise, we'll get into the detail. Oh, will I be in their way if I go right now? Yeah, we're good. Okay, here we go. today. Victory in the world we've yet to see. The wonder of finding new ways that lead to the promise of a brighter day. One spark got some for you. Imagination. Imagination. A dream can be a dream come true. Thank you, Nia. I'll read it right after the show. to the joy and through the tears. We to That would be a problem. We call it F. Yay. So good. Awesome. Hello. How are you? When's your birthday? Tomorrow. Yeah. Birthday Eve. Thank you so much. Can I get a picture with you? Of course. Of course. Yeah, let's do it for sure. Hi. How are you? Good. What's your What's your name? Brenley. What is it? Brenley. Brenley. Nice to meet you. Yeah, nice to meet you. All right, let's grab a picture. All right. Thank you. Yeah, of course. Do you want to say hi on the stream or not? Yeah, of course. Where are you guys from? Hi, we're from Georgia. Awesome. Caroline, Riley, I love your both of your ears. So cute. Thank you. A Thanks for watching, guys. Have a have a good night. Bye. Thank you. Happy Thanksgiving. Thank you. Awesome. You guys have a good night. Yes, have a good night. Uh Nia, thank you so much. Oh my goodness. Nia sent a $50 super chat. Says, "Happy 27th birthday, Jenna. Happy Thanksgiving to you and Josh. Really thankful to have you guys in your streams and vlogs." Nia, thank you so much. Here, I'll I'll selfie up. Nope. No, you're good. I was just like saying yay. Oh, I thought you were like telling me to not do something like selfie. I'm like, will I break the stream? No, you can do it. Thank you, Nia. That's so kind. Thank you. Thank you. And happy Thanksgiving to you as well. Thanks, Nia. And let's see all the amazing messages. Happy birthdays. Oh my goodness, you guys are so kind. I'm getting through the chat. Hi, Jesse. Thank you so much. And Mara. Lori says she used to play piano. Awesome. All right. I am way behind on chat here. 1999 from Big Blue Ralph. Okay. Uh, no message, just 1999 from Big Blue Ralph. Thank you, Blue Big Blue Ralph. Thank you so much. All right. Is that all? I'm trying I'm trying to go through the messages. Oh, yes. Here's one right now from Oh, there it went. From uh Lindsy B. $10. Happy birthday, Jenna. And happy Thanksgiving from Kevin and Lindsay in Ontario, Canada. Thank you. Thank you so much, Kevin and Lindsay. That's so sweet. Happy Thanksgiving as well. Thank you so much. Oh, the $10. Uh, if your birthday is on a holiday, contact Starbucks support through the app or website to have them replace your birthday reward with a coupon that can be used on a different day. Oh, thanks, Stacy. I figured they would do something about it, but I'm assuming I can probably find one open somewhere. Yeah, especially like Disney or Universal. Yeah, cuz if your birthday was on Christmas, that that would make it pretty hard, right? Exactly. Yep. And I think they are open in the morning on Thanksgiving, but I'm not quite sure. Look guys, they're getting ready for the festival of the holidays. They open on Friday. Friday. Black Friday. Does anybody go out shopping anymore for Black Friday or do you just get the deals online? I don't know. I think people don't. I I like the deals online. There was something kind of like exciting about it. It was. No, I loved it. No, I didn't like it when it went to like, oh, everybody's going to like we're going to go in Thanksgiving evening at 5:00. Doors open at 5:00. I did not like that at all. Why? Especially when I worked retail. Yeah, that was no bueno. You don't get your time with your family. Exactly. It gets a little So, it got a little ridiculous. So, I'm thankful that that's gone. I agree. Um because the last couple years it was like, okay, if you want to open up at 6:00 in the morning. Yeah. Like there should have been like some kind of a law or understanding like Black Friday shopping starts at 6:00 a.m. to get people like time to sleep. Me too, Jesse. Exactly. Jennifer Price $5. Uh, happy birthday to you, Jenna. You bring so much joy and kindness to so many. We so appreciate you. Enjoy. A, thank you, Jennifer. That's so kind. Really appreciate that. Thank you so much for the $5 super chat. Uh, Christopher says, "I'll find out about Black Friday when I go to work or head home." All right, sounds good. Yeah, I think uh there's been some great deals I've seen like Yes. You know, I've been seeing some on Amazon and, you know, different places. Like there's a um Mac Mini, the little computer that looks like an Apple TV. Yeah. Um they're normally $600, which is a great deal for a very powerful computer. Yeah. But they're uh they're on sale for Black Friday for like $479. Okay. Like $130. Wow. Hi. Happy birthday. Thank you so much. So yeah, I don't know. That's a good deal. It's a really good deal. Like I don't need one, but if you need one, that's a super good deal. I've been looking at Kindles. Um, and they're usually like 110 or 20 and right now they're on sale for like 80 bucks. Nice. It's a pretty good deal. I don't know if I'm going to get one, but maybe. Neil, hi Bonnie. Neil has an iPad to, you know, see music and he's like, "You need to get an iPad." I was like, I don't have a use for an iPad outside of that, though. I have an iPad. I do watch YouTube on it some. If I, you know, Dale doesn't want to watch it on the TV or if I'm at the table, I'll turn it on for YouTube, but that's about it now. I don't really use it like I used to. And I'm not home enough to do that a lot of times. Or if I'm playing home, I'll just turn it on. One of the T. We've got a few TVs. Yeah, we only have one TV. So, we can use that sometimes. Um, all right. Set down to the land. Huh? Back to the future. Have you got a television? You know, we need two of them. Oh, Marty. He's Oh, you know, whatever. He's pulling your leg. Nobody has two television. TVs. Yeah. You want a Kindle for your birthday? A Kindle? Yeah. No, for Christmas. I was thinking actually a hippopotamus. Yes, a hippopotamus. Yes, for Christmas. No. Um I was thinking about asking mom and dad for a Kindle for for Christmas. We'll see. I don't know. It was just an idea. I also saw um these little printers that you can hook up to your iPhone or any phone a Bluetooth and they'll print pictures like little Polaroids. That's cool. I thought that might be fun cuz you know you never print picture pictures anymore. So anyway, well actually they're selling just straight up Polaroid cameras. I saw that too. But I thought, well, this way most of the pictures I have are on my phone and that way I don't have to carry another camera. Correct. So I thought that might be fun. But um we do have uh Mike88 NYC $5. Miching up here. Yep. We get in here before before it gets super busy. So, Josh, we need to do a switch or do you have it on the right connection? Oh, no. I probably got to switch. Yep. Hold on, guys. I got this real quick. Switch. I'm going to go ahead and BRB just so it doesn't just lag. Welcome back everybody. Welcome. Welcome back. Give me just a second. And I'll let you read that one here once we make sure it's back. I was I waited almost through every turn style the other day because it was Saturday cuz it was super busy. Yeah, Saturday. Come on now. Okay, so Jenna. Okay, here Jenna's got a super chat. Thanks. Uh we have Tiger Gal. Oh my goodness. A $50 super chat from Tiger Gal. Happy birthday, Jenna. Jenna, hope you have an amazing day. Hi Josh, mom and dad. Happy Thanksgiving Eve. Sorry, I haven't been in chat much. I've been busy. Missed being here, but I am back now. A Tiger Gal, we have missed you for sure. Thank you so much for the $50 super chat. That is so kind of you. Thank you so much, Tiger Gal. And we're glad you're back. Thank you so much. Selfie there for a second. Thanks, Tiger Gal. Hi, Jennifer. Hi, classy dizzy mom. Stacy with an IE. And we're back. Awesome. Uh yeah, you know, I do like the old school books as well, but it does save on storage, you know, the Kindle. So, I don't know. We'll see. Oh, I'm glad we're back. Amazing. Amazing. I know. I love this ride, too. Oh, I'm so sorry. Sorry guys, I'm behind on chat. There we go. Hi Jeff Chris, thank you so much. 1100 in the chat. Coming up to my favorite carpet wall here soon. Thanks Ray. Thanks Badger. Thank you classy Disney mom. So kind. So kind. You're excited to see the jingle land. Love that, Tim. Thank you, CM PR. Thank you so much. Thanks, Brian. Now that we're stopped, I can see chat a little bit better. Is there a new Hunger Games book? I didn't know. I read all the other ones. Yeah, it's time for the land ride. Hydra your vase. Thank you so much. So sweet. Have I seen Wicked for good? Not yet, but it's on my list. I cannot wait to see it. That's cool. Yeah, I'm excited. Hi, Darcy. What's your outfit tonight? Oh, we'll have Josh show you or show me in just a second. Show you me. Show us you. It's my favorite carpet wall. Do you think they use um a Roomba to, you know, vacuum it? No. Okay. You'd have to have a You'd have to have a pretty uh magnetic magnetic ring. Uhhuh. Hi, Dana. Thank you so much. Maria's adventure. Thank you. Thank you. Guys, pop the like button if you haven't already. We're almost to 500 likes. Thanks, Sally Cats. Oo, a birthday bop. I like that. That sounds fun. Hi, awesome Austin. Oh my goodness. Amy Amy Stewart sent a $50 super chat. Says, "Happy birthday, Jenna." Thank you, Amy. Thank you so much. Oh my goodness. You guys are being so sweet. I'm going to selfie here in just a second. when we move out of this line. Oh, thanks, Robert. They use a Dyson. Oh, okay. Okay. Thank you so much, Amy. Oh my goodness. So sweet. You're going to come down here. Ow. I'm going to have you guys behind this white line. You're good to go. Thank you. Thank you so much, Amy. Need a selfie now. Thanks, Amy. That's so sweet of you. So kind. Happy Thanksgiving. Thank you so much. And we have $9.99 from Walmart. Happy birthday, Jenna. I'm a turkey baby, too. My birthday's today. My daughter has the same birthday as Josh. Happy Thanksgiving to y'all and your parents. A Well, happy birthday to you, Martin. That's amazing. It's fun to have your birthday around Thanksgiving. Lot of fun things going on. Thank you so much, Martin. Love that. Happy birthday. I hope you're enjoying your day. All right. Thanks, Brownie Brown. We have two. Can we do the front row? Thank you so much. Thanks, Scott. Thanks, Tinker Gown. My ears are from Kaye. Handmade hearty ears. Welcome to Living with the Land. As you board the boat, please lower your head and watch your step. For your safety, remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat at all times. Parents, please supervise your children and refrain from flash photography or using video lights until we reach the green houses. Thank you. Now, sit back, relax, and enjoy living with the land. Welcome to a voyage of discovery and awareness of the riches in the diversity world beyond the surprising nature of living. Our journey begins as dramatic and sudden changes are sweeping over the land. Approaching storm may seem violent and destructive to us, but to nature it's a new beginning in the cycle of life. near the surface of the layer trap water from the flowing mud extracting precious nutrients and minerals. These elements when combined with sunlight create the diverse living systems of our planet. One of those living systems is the rainforest. The most amazing concentration of life. are also extremely in the desert. Nature has created a very different but no less beautiful living system. And while this arid landscape may seem lifeless, it is very much alive. The plants and animals that have learned to survive in these harsh conditions make use of what little water they can find and avoid the scorching rays of the relentless sun. The American prairie once appeared as desolate as the desert. But over time, rain water and nutrients gradually containing natural fertilizers. We can enrich the soil without in aid regions. We're learning to produce food on desert sea coasts by developing and planting crops that thrive on salt water. In Japan, we're learning that by mixing leaves and other living materials into our soil, we can make farmland more fertile without the need for chemicals. Here at Epcot, we're learning to reduce the need for chemical pesticides by breeding its unique predators like ladybugs and wasps to control pesting. In the farmlands across America, we're learning that by plowing under vegetation containing natural fertilizers, we can make use of sustainable. How will we meet tomorrow's growing needs for food production yet still respect the needs of the land? Some of the answers are being discovered just ahead. To help us maintain is carefully controlled ecosystems. And for your safety, please remain seated in your boat at all times. Welcome to our glimmering green houses where scientists from Epcot and the US Department of Agriculture illuminate the wondrous gifts we receive from the land. Join us as we bring in the most bountiful time of the year. For some, it's difficult to imagine the holidays without winter and snow. But one of the most important holiday crops actually grows in the tropics. For centuries, farmers in Central America have cultivated cacao to make chocolate. In fact, cacao is chocolate's main ingredient. Today, people around the world are able to enjoy a variety of sweets and keep warm with a cup of hot cocoa thanks to this tropical plant. Who's that? When you think of holidays, you might not think of fish, but seafood is an essential part of many festive events in parts of southern Italy gather once a year to celebrate wild season. Tilapia, bass, and shrimp like the ones raised here using our sustainable water systems make up just some of the dishes served during this grand meal. Today in the United States, the tradition is known as the feast of the seventh edition. Heat. Heat. Citrus like the oranges. Please keep your hands inside of the boat at all times. In northern New York, where fresh fruit is rare in winter, they're much harder to find, making them an extra special stocking stuffer. During Chinese New Year, these vibrant fruits are given as gifts of good fortune. They say it's better to give than to receive. And in this greenhouse, we're celebrating the holidays by giving back to the land using innovative farming techniques. By recycling water, we can give plants rich nutrients. By giving plants ladybugs, we're able to control pests and reduce the need for pesticides. And by growing ground plants vertically, we give them better protection from disease. With these gifts, our plants can grow an abundance of vested vegetables. This greenhouse alone grows a bountiful 15 tons of produce each year. When we give more, we receive more, making the most of the land's green gifts. Many of the plants you see here help spice up the holidays. The bark of cinnamon trees, like the one growing beside you, is used to make cinnamon sticks. Do you like eggnog? You can thank nutmeg for its signature taste. Other spices like ginger and vanilla add flavor to a variety of holiday cookies, cakes, and other delights. By cultivating these festive plants with care and good cheer, Epcot scientists are able to celebrate the holidays with the land's many gifts. Please keep your hands inside of the boat at all times. Thank you. These green houses represent just a fraction of the work being done worldwide to produce bountiful harvests for our growing population. Scientists, farmers, and even backyard gardeners are doing their part to improve the quantity and quality of foods that we all rely upon. Together, we can continue to find more ways to increase production and protect our precious natural environment. Only then will we truly be living with the land. On behalf of Walt Disney World, we hope you've enjoyed this unique journey through our living laboratories. If you'd like a closer look, then check out the behind the scenes walking tour. It's a chance for the whole family to get up close and personal with the plants and growing techniques and our advertisements. Please keep your hands and feet inside the boat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Please gather all the exit towards the back of the boat and watch your step as you exit. Thanks. You too. Okay. So fun. Great, doesn't it? Yeah, they they put way more lights this year. Last year was amazing. This year is superb. Yes. All right, guys. We will fix the connection in just a second. Ouch. Um, we can go back. There we go. I do have a couple super chats I want to read. Let's uh let's get up the escalator here and then I will read them. Here we go. All right. See where we head next. Um all right. So I'm going to read this one from Tomcottian9.99. Happy birthday, Jenna. We love that you bring We love what you bring to the channel, including expertise shopping, HHN, snack and chat, rapid bop, and your positive verbescent personality. Cheers to you. A, thank you, Tom. That's so sweet. That was a big word. Thank you so much. That was so kind. Thank you for the super chat and the very sweet message. Really appreciate that. To Tom, let me pull up the other super chats cuz we had one during the ride. Um, let's see. Lindsay sent another one. $5. Special shout out to Brian in Ontario, Canada, to telling us about this channel so we can pretend we're at Disney. Aw, thanks, Lindsay. And thank you, Brian, for letting Lindsay and Kevin know about the channel. Thank you so much. And again, thanks to Tom. All right, guys. Let me uh Oh, yeah. At the restaurant, we had a great time. Took some good pictures. We'll we'll post them on Instagram, but uh All right. Josh has got PayPal. Uh Tony Hall. A um he and his um wife Maria. Yes. They sent $50 on PayPal. Tony and Maria. Wishing Jenna a very happy 27th birthday. Hope you have an amazing day. Wishing the whole Resort TV1 family a happy Thanksgiving from Tony and Maria. Thanks Tony and Maria. That is so sweet. Thanks for the happy birthday wishes and the Thanksgiving wishes. Here Josh and I will selfie. Thank you so much. Thanks, guys. Very kind. Very, very sweet. We appreciate it. See if I can switch it back around. Birthday stream. Where you want to go next? Yay. Birthday. That was kind of That was the big thing. That was the thing. Um Well, so let's Have you seen the tree? No, let's go see the tree. And then I I think it'd be fun to stroll the countries and we we're going to go over and check out a couple of the gingerbread things um at Beach Club. Okay. So maybe we should do that and then we can get back for fireworks. Yep. Sounds good. Hi Nicole. Hey Nikki Tobin. How are you? Good. Maybe get a treat at one of the gingerbread places. They always have some yummy treats over there. A b a pre-birth snack. Even though we ate way too much for lunch, but it was amazing. True. Um it was my my Thanksgiving. Well, kind of all our Thanksgiving. Tomorrow we're uh we're doing something with Stephan tomorrow. Doing our own little Thanksgivings. Not turkey. Yeah, we had turkey today. It was Montreal. Delish. Christmas Montreal. Thanks for uh 13 almost 1400 people in the chat tonight. And we have 600 likes. Thanks everybody. That was so fun. I love that. And that we only had to wait 10 minutes was perfect. It's still 10 minutes. Is it really? So regular. So the only top annual pass is able to get in the parks right now. So that is really helping pass. Incred. Now that's the only pass that you can get if you're out of out of state. Oh, okay. Okay. I believe in that. Correct me if I'm wrong in the chat, but for a long time it's been there's only one pass option for out of state. I think you're right. And then there's um there's several pass options for instate. Yes, I think you're correct. The sorcerer pass, the pirate pass, all that kind of stuff. Yeah, Pixie Pass. I put my popcorn in your eye. Those trees are new this year. Um, all lit up. That's pretty. Oh, it's on the stage, right? Uh, I think they do something here for festival. They do the uh the gospel singer. Yeah, on the backstage. $5 from the amazing Jaylen Moxley. Uh, happy birthday, Jenna. I wish I was there to celebrate um your birthday with you guys. Miss you guys so much. A thank you, Jaylen. That's so kind. as we dance with the queen. Yes, we're going to dance. Thanks, Jaylen. So kind. Um, all righty. Happy birthday. Thank you so much, Dwayne. You're going to be overeating tomorrow. Well, we're going to go out to eat, so we're going to overeat as well, but it'll be fun and worth it. I thought part of the lights were missing, but that's the Montreal track. Yeah, it's funny. Yeah, they they've stepped up the Christmas decorations in every park. everywhere. Yeah. And those trees back there are new. Yeah. And they're setting up the booth. Yeah. The the um the peppermint here. Oh, fun. Little peppermint stripes on the poles here. Okay. I like that. I can't wait for the fest of the holidays. They have some really good food. And of course, the cookie stroll. How can you go wrong? And a poinsetta treat. Disney Vacation Club has two passes to choose from. Oh, okay. So, but if you're if you're not a vacation club, then you to have one house. Yes. I think so. Okay. Happy birthday. Thanks, Stezy Vision. How are you? Yeah. Hi, PJ. Thank you. There's an ornament there. That is so pretty. Oh, the poinsetta trees. Poinsetta trees. There's poinsettas everywhere. No, they've really stepped it up. I Beautiful. This looks really nice. It is amazing. I love the light. It's kind of random that that one's not done. Maybe they're still working on What do you mean that one? Well, so you got stripes here, not there, but here, but not there. They're still working on it. Yep. Cuz it's not quite the festival, the holidays. Give them credit there. They're They're setting it up. This is cool. Check this out. Yeah, I know. I was going to check that one out, but what's this one? Christmas cottage orange and raspberries cloves and spice. This festive home smells oh so nice. I love it. Oh, it's from Cincy. So, I bet eventually they'll have smells. I bet it doesn't have smells yet. No, cuz I don't smell them from here. Yeah, the all the decorations this year have been amazing. Thanks, Frankie. There's this one over here, Silver Bells. This wintry aroma smells as clear as a bell. Vanilla and pear. And of course, caramel or caramel, probably. In southern Indiana, we called it caramel. I know. Well, I think it actually rhymes better with bell. So, caramel or caramel? Rhymes better with bell. That's true. Well, there you go. It's a poem, so I think you said it right. I said it right. All right. Perfect peppermint. Stripe peppermint is the perfect candy. This flavor is strong and the scent is just dandy. Well, now I want Oh, are these the peppermint pins? No. No, those are just That would have been cool, though. So, those are the kind um you can just hang on the tree. Hang on the tree that are not actually candy canes. Plastic. Yeah, they're not edible. I mean, they're candy canes, but they're not actually edible. Yeah. Gotcha. Gotcha. We have Ann Marie. Ann Marie sent in 1999. Happy birthday from Jay and Ann Marie. Hope you have a perfect day tomorrow. Thank you so much, Anarie and um to Jay. Thanks guys. So kind. Very sweet. All the birthday love today. Yes, we appreciate it. Yeah. Hi, Paul. Well, now I have Dancing Queen in my head. Yep. Dancing queen. This is nice. You're able to stroll and not be too squished. Yeah, that hasn't happened here in a while. I am loving it. And no concerts or anything tonight because we have uh Yeah. candle light starting Friday. Yep. Which I will be going to. Yeah. Josh is going to take you guys. We don't usually say Fridays, but I think everybody knows it's the festival of holidays. I'm going to be there. Like that's a thing. It's the opening of the festival of the holidays. And I will not be joining Josh. I am going to be doing some Oh yeah. Yeah. I forgot. I'm going to be doing some birthday fun with some friends. Um I might be here so we might say hello. But um yeah, just gonna enjoy some more birthday fun with friends because you know when your birthday's on Thanksgiving, everybody's doing family stuff, which totally get. So Friday is the birthday fun day with the friends. There you go. But tonight is the birthday stream with all you guys. All of our hopper friends and family. Hope you have your turkey out and thawing. Yeah, we're not doing turkey at our house this year. I might get a turkey sandwich somewhere. you know, one of those um Thanksgiving Day sandwiches. They have them at like Earl of Sandwich and stuff. Apparently Publix has one, too. Uh $5 from Paul O'Donahue says, "Happy birthday, Jenna, and happy holidays from Ireland." A thank you. Happy holidays and thank you for the birthday wishes, Paul. Hi, Noel. So pretty. It's just massive. Is it big? Is it taller than the one in Magic Kingdom? I feel like it is. All 50 ft. Oh, they're all the same. Okay. I was actually by the one at Contemporary and people on the stream thought that was taller, too. But I think to my eyes, they're all They're all the same. They're even the same dimensions. I think they're all Okay. But the one actually the one at Magic might be a little smaller at the bottom. Have much room. I was going to say this one seems massive. I think the one at Contemp I think the one at Contemporary is more this size. Okay. So, yeah. And the one at Hollywood's kind of hard to tell cuz it's out in the middle of the water. Correct. I guess they're probably not all exactly the same. Oh, I can turn up the bits now, huh? Yes. Six. Yes. Hi, Patrick. Thank you so much. Thanks, Cuse. You're so welcome, Catalina. You're going to do crock-pot lasagna. Sounds good. Uh Dale and I are going to go out for Thanksgiving. Well, for my birthday. So, it's going to be fun. I like the snow globes for each country. I know. This one's Mexico. Um, I can't hardly see the other ones. Well, you have to kind of you have to come out away from the tree a little bit. So, and zoom in. You have to go back up and zoom in. Yes, at the same time. Hi, Tim. Thank you so much. Chris, uh, question. Is the tree crooked? No, we're standing funny. Yeah. Also, if you see, there's three or four guywires on it where they're a And that's how they made sure it was straight cuz they're able to uh adjust each one individually, I'm sure, to make it so that it is straight. Yeah, of course. And obviously with any kind of wind, you'd have to have those wires on it. So it's Oh, yeah. Safe. Yeah. We'll do a stroll around the tree and then we'll go in that shop because, you know, Well, I like to shop. Yeah. And it's my birthday stream. So, why not? Oh, here's one. What's this one? No. If you if you back away far enough from it, it's you can tell that it's straight. What's this one? Can you tell? Uh, I wish it said on the bottom. Some of them are pretty easy. Well, like Mexico. That was very easy. Yeah. I can't tell what that is. Yeah. Me neither. I don't know. Anyway, pretty. It's actually four. Four guy wires. Oh, yeah. You're right. You're going to go out, too. That's awesome, Sandra. That's right, Brad. That's right. Love the poinsettas at the bottom of the tree. Yeah. Gorgeous. Gorgeous. Absolutely gorgeous. Can't wait to see what all the merch they have for festival holidays. And oh, here comes the Christmas Montreal again. Yeah, that's right. Plymouth Rock. They do have a Halloween a Christmas party at Magic Kingdom. Yeah, that's true. They sure do. It's true. They sure do. Black Friday night, too. They will not tomorrow Thanksgiving. They won't. And Black Friday, they won't be here. Oh, really? On Black Friday? They don't either. Hey, Hoya Mickey. It is an angel at the top of the tree. She's holding the whole world in her hands. Oh, this one's Is that China or Japan? If you can see at the very tippy top, there's the angel at the very tippy top. Yes. Good evening, Jose. How are you tonight? Let's see. I'm going to back up so you guys can see the tree a little bit better from back here. All right. I bet Disney does have real squirrels in their tree. Here you go. Now you can see the angel a little bit better. Yeah. Turn the brightness down a little bit. We'll go like back that direction a little bit. Thank you, Joshua. That's so sweet. All right, let's head into the shop and then we'll head over to the beach club first. We might not make it to the boardwalk, but we'll at least do beach club and yacht club. Yep. And then we'll go from there. The amazing Jello Moxy. Congrats on 24 months of Resort Hopper Platinum. Hey Josh and Jenna, I just wanted to let you know I watched one of your old live streams from 2017. You guys tried gummy spiders and you guys love them. Oh yeah. Do they still sell gummy spiders? Because I really want to try them really bad. I wish they did. Yeah, we wish they did. Jaylen, they have other types of gummies that are similar, I think. But exactly. They're like bugs, I think. But thank you so much for being Butterflies, I believe, is the is the replacement. Gummy butterflies. Okay. Thank you for being a platinum member for two years. That is amazing, Jaylen. We really appreciate that. That was very kind. Uh, and then we have C Muse $10. Happy birthday, Jenna. The streams you and Josh do mean so much to me and help me a lot through hard times. A well, I'm so glad you enjoy the streams and I'm glad they help. Thank you, C Muse, for the $10 super chat. Like this. This is so Looks so comfy. Oo, $129.99. That's pricey. Thank you for the super chat. Hi, David. He says, "I spoke with Samos and Michael Bubé and they say happy birthday." Thanks, David. I'm so glad that you have a way to chat with them. He's He's so Yeah, sounds good. That's so funny. This is cute. Oh my goodness. How cute. Some new um Germany stuff in here. Hi, Britney. Hope you had a good birthday. Thanks, Karen. So, they've got a new mug, new shirt, and new ears. These are adorable. Those are cute. Thanks, Duncan. I like the mug. And here's a backpack that goes with the whole collection. I don't think No, it's not Loungefly. It's How much are you? It's a nice lightweight backpack. It is $69.99, so not quite as expensive. It's also a little wristlet. Oh no, David. I hope everything's okay. Also, welcome in, David. Thanks for coming. I'm glad you're here. There's a new Germany cake cake shirt. Official cake taster. That's cute. This one must have been popular. They have no more smalls left. Oh, I'm glad it was good, Britney. I'm so glad. I really do like these ears. Uh, Mike 88 NYC, congrats on 18 months of Resort Hopper Bars. Just a little extra magic. Thank you so much, Mike. That is so kind of you. So sweet. And thank you for being a member for 18 months. Get them. It's your birthday. Cost doesn't matter matter on birthdays. I like that. How you think there, Tim? This bag is cute. $ 39.89. I know, right, Susan? Everything should be free on your birthday. Wouldn't that be awesome? One day only. You get whatever you want for free. I bought these. I still need these stitches. Thanks, Solomon. Absolutely love this outfit. Hey fudgeons and popsicles, thank you so much. Happy Thanksgiving to you as well. Thanks for the birthday wishes. Hi Mary. Thank you so much. Love this. Thanks, Jan. Sorry guys if I missed your chat about my birthday. I really do appreciate all the messages. It's cute. We're going to need all the Monster Inc. stuff here soon. They're opening a Monsters Inc. land. Well, not really. Kind of in uh Hollywood Studios. That's a cute hat. Look at this. Stitch got some kisses from Angel on the pen. A I love that. That's fun. See guys, what else do we see here? We've got Pandora. What's over here? Oh, look at Minnie. She's so cute. They have a Stitchy one that I want so bad, but I don't know if he's gone. They He's eating the little gingerbread. You should be entitled to one merch item under $50 and one quick service or snack for your birthday. I agree, David. Hi, Sherry. Thank you so much. Thanks, Chris. According to chat, GPT, Contemporary Tree is the largest at 70 ft. MK65 Studios is 60. AK is 55. Okay. What's Epcot? Thanks, Willis. Oh, happy birthday to you. A little late. Hi, Blake. How does it feel turning 30? I'm not turning 30. I'm 27. Again and again and again. Always 27. All right. Um, let's just head out here. We'll see if Josh is almost done at the restroom. Probably went to this one, I would assume. Here's a booth. Sweets and treats. That's right. Only 27. Forever 27. Oh, here's the cookie stroll. So, they've got so many cookies this year. A couple new ones. Several that you know were here before. The Lindsor one's always good. This one was new last year, the coffee mocha one. Loved it. That's okay, David. Don't worry. Uh, maple leaf shortbread sounds good. And then this one, they have this one at the Magic Kingdom and I always love it. Cinnamon spice chocolate crinkle cookie sounds good. They all sound good. This one is also very good. Very sweet. Oh, Tim turns 28 soon. That's awesome, Tim. I love the gingerbread tea. It is yummy. What do they have? Okay, so over here they have a peppermint sundae festive flight featuring hot cocoa by Joffre and a chocolate peppermint shake. The cocoa flight has Christmas sugar cookie hot cocoa topped with whipped cream and sprinkles, gingerbread hot cocoa, and cookie butter hot cocoa. Yum. Hi, Kit. Thank you so much. Uh, I didn't see any glutenfree. Sorry, Britney. It doesn't mean they don't have any. I just didn't see it on the list there. Oh, I'm so sorry, Blake. Prayers for you and your family. Hi, Beatatric. Miss Jenno was sent from the angels. She technically angels from very, very special hall Miami Coffee. You are too sweet. Oh my goodness. Very kind. Look guys, you can see the tree across the water here in America. in America. My holiday my fave holiday cookies are from Epcot. I buy as many as I can and take them home. That's a great plan, Annette. They do save for sure. Blue raspberry cheesecake cookie. M. Okay, this is fun. I love that they have a snow globe with Spaceship Earth and the Montreal in it. They should actually sell one of those. I would buy it. I bought some of that hot cocoa packet from Joffre. So good. A thanks anxious artist carbon. Thank you. You want to do the holiday Joffrey's map thingy? Yeah. Okay, sounds good. Tim, it's funny. The map thingy. It's very specific. Let me see guys. I'm going to get my phone out in case Josh is calling me and I can't Oh, I can't see it. So, definitely check out one of our awesome sponsors. We've got mickeyras.com. mikyras.com. They will help you book your trip right here to Walt Disney World. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself. They help you plan for free with their expert advice. Whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com. Epcot is 65, Wilderness is 60, and Animal Kingdom is 40. All right. Thanks, Wendy. Thanks, Karen. Let's go see what's at the Canada booth as we're walking over. I don't know if they have the menu out yet or not, but the booth is out. Got the tables ready, which I don't think they took away from food and wine. They always have really yummy things here in Canada. Spent my last birthday in Epcot, too. It was fun to meet Josh. Now I just got to meet you and mom and dad. Sounds good. We would love that. Anxious artist. Happy Thanksgiving Eve, Michelle. Thanksgiving Eve. my birthday eve. All the eaves buon holiday kitchen. So sorry. Oh yeah. Thanks, Blake. It's very kind. Um, okay. Let's see what they have. They have Oh, they have the maple cookie. I had that last year. It was delish. The seared salmon beef, however you say that. But that looks good, too. Oh, the ice wine. I had that once before, too. But yes, I remember having this cookie and it was very good. That's true, Johnny. The tops of trash cans. You can never go wrong. I like your ears. Thank you so much. The maple popcorn over here. Hello, Rich. Thank you so much. Now you want maple syrup popcorn. Exactly, Maria. So good. Right. And Mara said the same thing. Thanks, Suzanne. I wish I had smell vision for you guys. That smells so good. Ginger dragon, thank you so much. She says, "Happy 27th birthday." Thank you, Ginger. I'm so sorry. I missed you guys while you were here. So, so sorry. Hi. You You had a jump scare there. I did. Yeah, the popcorn. Maple popcorn. My bday may need to include Epcot. I need holiday treats. Sounds good, Tim. Tim will be here for his birthday. His birthday is about a weekish after mine. A little over a week. All right, stroll around here. Looking so festive here in Canada. Yep. Definitely busier over here, but there's no festival going on right now. Yeah, it is busier over here. You're right. interesting though because there isn't anything really to do other than the normal like country stuff. There's no No, you're right. There's no, you know, festival. Um, but they do have good food in the countries for sure. They do, but I mean there's no like festival booths. There's festival merch. So, yeah. Very true. This may just be cuz this is a walkway between the resorts and the rest. That's true, too. I just bought a sugar maple for my backyard. Can't wait till she grows. Awesome. Did you see Wicked for Good. Not yet. I want to go see it. Uh, it's okay. It was such a busy time and it might be a good thing since we got sick. Yeah, Ginger, I'm so sorry you guys got sick. They were here and uh she got sick while she was here. So, that's never fun when you get sick on vacation. Yeah, they did they go home? Yeah, they went home. Yep. Still sick, she said. Not good. Not good. Oh, we have uh 1500 now in the chat and almost 800 likes. That's right. Appreciate that. Yeah. Last summer, David had to leave cuz he got co, you know, trip they were they just checked into the Wilderness Lodge. Uh the cabin, right? Yeah. Creek cabin. We were all going to go over and have a barbecue and we had a whole plan and he got sick. Poor guy. Not fun. Glenn Glenn says, "Happy birthday. It was fun meeting you at Universal Wednesday night with my hubby. Who shares a birthday with you? Oh, it was fun meeting you guys, too. Happy birthday eve to your hubby. This is so pretty with the lamp posts. Daddy, help. All the pretty poinsettas. Oh, and I always love the the teapot. Yep. One of mom's favorites. Thank you, Matt. And we have that teapot. We do. Something very similar to it. Yeah. And plates. It's a false graph one. Yeah, you're right. I mean, I don't Maybe not exactly the same, but it's basically that. It looks very similar. Yeah. And the plates have it on there, too. Yep. All right. Oh, there's a banner for the festival. Yeah, I know. I I was talking about how it would be cool if they made actual snow globes with the Spaceship Earth and a Montreal in it. I would buy it. They don't They don't have that. Nope. But I would buy it. There's so many kids backing. They are on their way somewhere. Probably late to something. Yeah, probably. Or they want to ride one more ride before they have to leave or something. Love the live videos and experience. A thank you. Thanks, Roxanne. Just got on soaring. Oh, how fun. So, I can't wait to see um the displays this year. They're always fun. And don't worry guys, we'll come back just in time for Luminous or before that depending on how long it takes us over here. But I thought it would be fun to show you guys some of the decorations over here as well. I think last year. I don't know if I even made it in time to see them. The decorations. Oh, wait. Shirts that are in here are super cool. Okay. I like shopping. They go or what? I won't say no. Oh, interesting. First of all, I really like this one. Oh, yeah. That is cool. Okay. You need that one. I like this one. That you don't see that very often. Love that all the theme parks are adding more Christmas decorations. Yeah, even epic. That is cool. Oh, I like Viking Donald. Yes, they've really stepped up their game with the shirt. They really have. Oh, here's Marie for France. This is all these outside companies can do it. You know, it's like Disney hire hire either those same or or similar designers. Oh, 100%. It's your stuff. You can make your Disney. You can make whatever you want with your own stuff on it. Yeah. Right. So, there's no there's no limit. No limit. Um, I know I kind of want that one and I kind of want the the Epcot Christmas one. Yeah, the Epcot Christmas one. I kind of want too. I'm not going to lie. Jinger says, "What? Josh is shopping?" I just thought those shirts were cool. They do have better suitcase shirts. Yeah, that's hard to say. Showcase shirts. All right, guys. We're going to do ground stream here in just a second. I love all the characters all dressed up, too. It's Pluto as a mounty. Uh-huh. And then we've got um is that one? Huie and Dewey. One of them. Louisie. And they're in their Germany outfits. Yep. So fun. All right, guys. Ground 2.0. I don't know why was 1.0. Uh you know, the last time. Yeah, I did it last night, I guess. Well, there you go. See right by the fridge. Bye. Are those shirts on your Christmas list? Maria wants to know. They probably should. Yeah. Problem is gone. It's gone. They sell out. It's not. Yeah. There's no way. Exactly. Stranger Things. Okay. Yeah. I've never watched Stranger Things. Hi. Hello. Hello. Thanks for coming into the stream tonight. Joining the birthday party. Crown streams are what the cool kids do. That's right, Tim. So, fireworks are at 9 tonight like normal. 9:00. I love that Epcot's very consistent. Yes. You usually know what time the fireworks are at Epcot. Unless it's New Year's Eve or or you know, something like that. July 4th and they're different. Thank you, Tacy. Thank you so much. Hope Josh had a blast on the Disney cruise. Sounded like he did. He did. I just have to get my stuff over. Yep. Edited. It did. Who likes to watch the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade or The Dog Westminster Abbey? We always watch that. What's your favorite birthday tree? Ooh, Michelle, that's a great question. Um, I really was hoping this year, maybe we'll see if Dale and I get over there. I really wanted that Emoret gingerbread cake from Emirates. It's a little little pricey, that's why. Not sure we're going to get it. But it's not a giant cake, so then I won't overeat. It's a small little petite cake. But, um, I don't know. I like most treats. Anything that's yummy. Thank you, Aaron. Yeah, the decorations this year are so fun. We watched the parade, the dog show, and then the Lions play. Macy's watching the pre- parade streams now. Awesome. You got to watch the uh You got to put the dog show on during lunch. Of course you do. Our Thanksgiving is as lunch dinner. Some people do it in the evening. Yep, that's true. We always did it around the dog show on during the the meal. Yep. We'd have dinner around 12 or 1:00 whenever it got done. Sometimes it was later depending on that when the turkey would get done. Yep. But last year the Hav which is what Chloe is um was up in the top. She didn't he or she didn't win but it was fun to see the Haves in the top. Love watching the show or the parade and the dog show we'll be watching. Thanks Kevin. Rich says go Lions. I got to figure out the uh parade. Is it usually on NBC? Uh yes to because I think the Today show anchors. So then I can That's NBC. I think I can do it on the on one of those with the NBC Peacock app. I think I can. Yeah. Oh, totally. Yep. Peacock for sure. We just we just haven't had uh regular cable channels for a long time. You can also watch the Epic um shows on Peacock. The making of Epic. It's a threepart docu series documentary. Yeah, it's very cool. We I watched the first one the other night. Yeah, we um Thanks, Francis. We just don't watch a lot of the regular TV stuff. Although I miss it. I don't either. I guess the, you know, holiday spectacle type stuff is fun. They always do the lighting of the Christmas tree in New York City. That's always fun. I want to go there. Not maybe for the lighting, but just to see. Me, too. The city at Christmas, Tim says. Yep. Parade, lions, turkey, sleep in that order. Thanks, Spider Bro. All right, I'm going to pass this to Josh. Give my arm my back actually a little break. Yeah, before it breaks. Hi, friends. It's about to tweak and I'm like, don't tweak for my birthday. I'm not that old. 27. It's funny. We roast the thing about New York like we were visiting our friends there and they live so close to like Broadway and everything. Yeah. I you know I said they live there for you know years and I said before they moved down here and I said you know it's kind of like being on vacation all the time. You can go do this and this and that. I was like come to think of it it's kind of like being in Florida. I was going to say we are in vacation land. Yeah. That's what I I mean I love living here for multiple reasons, but one of the reasons is because my birthday is around a holiday. A lot of times things are closed. And so when I lived in Indiana, you couldn't do anything because things were closed. Here you can go to Disney, you can go to Universal, you can go to Disney Springs, CityWalk, whatever you want. It is fun to have things available and open, but then I feel bad for the people I have to work to. So yeah. Do you remember Tone It Down Guy? Uh Jaylen says, "Yes." Yes, I do remember Tone It Down Guy. I wasn't there, but I heard about it. Fun fact, I never watched the Macy's. Thanks. Wait, Stacy, how did you never watch it? What? Oh my gosh. That was always a tradition in our It's one of those things that kind of like like a lot of people I won't say everybody, but a lot of people watch. It's a big deal. It's something that's kind of a tradition for a lot of people. And yeah, you're not like it's not something that you're like most most people are not like glued to it, but you're kind of watching it in the background and you guys are chatting and and it's festive cuz the sights and the sounds and the music and it's like the you know we we celebrate Christmas early here in Florida and other places they do too, but it's kind of the official start of Christmas, you know. Well, and it's kind of Yeah, it is. And it's kind of funny like um you you'll watch something and they'll they'll have this or that star on like, "Oh, wow. that person's still around or that person still looks pretty good or sounds good or you know whatever. Um and actually yesterday was um one month from Christmas. Yep. I was telling everybody that. Yeah. Crazy. Crazy. Crazy. Watch the parade and then the dog show. I love the dog show. Yeah. Me too. And that's one that I will say probably watch the parade more closely than than dog show. I don't dislike it. It's just more in the background. I pay I pay attention for sure. Especially in the different breeds, you know, like Khloe's What is hers? I guess toy greed. It's such an interesting like uh um tradition that got started with that like Yeah. Who decided that it was like what? Philadelphia kenno club and that's the one and that's the national dog show and that's the that's the way we do it. Yeah. Who who started that? I don't know. But it's cool. And my grandpa, my mom's dad, our papd he's a big dog fan, too. Yeah. So, he got us started watching it. Here we go. I see it already. Okay, let me uh I've got the park Wi-Fi on, so I need to switch it. But I think I'll be okay with just the cellular for now. So, but just turn that off so it doesn't get confused. I do, too. All right, here we go, guys. Gingerbread carousel. Wow. Yeah, looks amazing. to our cherish guests. Gold Mickey right here. Yep. That's what we're looking for. Gold Mickey's. Yes. Does that say for the 25th year right there? Yeah. And all the horses have 25 on them. I think since that right there, um I think it's just the detail. I mean, it's it's like what's crazy is you're Oh, yeah. I mean, you're creating Look at the detail on this. You're creating a work of art that's going to be taken down at the end of the season. It's very It's very cool, but also kind of crazy. I love how they're making gingerbread, too. Yeah. There's a tiny number. There's 25 hidden gold Mickey's. I found three so far. Oh, it's it's really hard to find all 25. You'd have to stand around for a while. Cuz you have to like you'd have to like be uh watch it turn several times. Yeah. And see every angle. Let me zoom on this 25 thing a little bit here. Like look at the detail. I I turn up the the bit rate just a little bit. There we go. Look at that. The peppermint. Yes. All over. Literally. Six, seven, eight, 10. I don't know which ones you've counted, but yeah. So, you just counted six and seven. I'm not even sure if I got that one. Yeah, that's what we're looking at. Either way, we're 24. We have one more to go. All right, get out of the way so people can see the menu here. He was keep up there. Oh, Jody, I'm so sorry to hear that. Husband passed away. This is the chocolate. I don't know what that Oh, the ginger is good. Thanks, Matt. See, like here's one. There's one like right there underneath of this side. Oh, this is Okay. What do we have here? Disney's Gen Beach is proud to present. Oh, we'd like to celebrate the cast members who work on it. Wow. That is very good. All right. So, I'm go show them what kind of food they have over here. Yeah, we will. Yeah, it's very cool. 25th anniversary. How fun. I mean, you know, it's a very it's a very cool like um spectacle. It's, you know, it's like made of obviously there's a there's a solid structure, but it's made of gingerbread and chocolate and it's it's smell it moving. This is made out of that, too. Look at the candy canes on the I know. This is my favorite. All right. They got some Christmas trees over here. There's some Yeah, kind of tropical beach themed. Now, the other thing in the yach club, of course, is the big train set, which will be fun to see. Data was like that. So, this is the uh Disney's Beach Club Resort, and they have this every year. They've had it for 25 years. Okay. Oh, Jody says, "Happy birthday from the Shelon family." Thank you. Yes. Okay. So, let's go over here and see what we got. I love that they have a gingerbread over there. That is really cool. That's funny, Brad. All right, let's see what we got. Okay, so we have a traditional gingerbread shingle, gingerbread macarons, carousel cookie, Lindsor cookie, ginger snap, peppermint bark. Nice. Peppermint bark's my favorite, but I'm not going to get it tonight. Two full. I might get Wait, you can buy a gingerbread carousel? That's crazy. That is really cool. Wow. I'm in the light, but yeah. Here it goes. Nope. There's no way around it. Yep. I might get that ginger or I might wait. Oh, here it is. Wow. You would not want to eat that, but I wouldn't. That's cool. The history I thought it said stolen, which is a type of like holiday bread. I thought it said stolen. Don't steal bread. The history of stolen. Don't steal the bread. They make the bread and then somebody steals it. That's the tradition. Is that the tradition? Here's the peppermint bark. Love this. That is cool. Look at the castle. The lighting is horrible in here. 20 25th uh for the pins and for the ginger. Yeah. Was it lagging? It's 1999. How much did you miss, guys? I'm sorry. I turned up the bits too much. Should be we should be better now. Okay, I need to probably put it on guys real quick. I'm going to change the connection. We go back here. It starts to have issues. So, give me just a second, please. And we're back. Quick and painless. All right, here we go. Uh Josh Roots 1999 from Josh Roots. Happy birthday. Thank you, Josh, for that birthday super chat. Very nice. Poor Jenna. These are fun little beach club merch. Well, they have specific stuff for That's a Vineyard Vine. Yeah, it's a $100. Yeah, 100. I don't know why their stuff is so expensive. Vineyard Vines cuz that's the name, I guess. I'm going to put my name on something. I'm going to say this is a $200 shirt. Why? Because it's called whatever brand I decide. Oh, I love that popcorn. Look at all the marshmallows in that one. I should get that just because of that. Yeah, look at it compared to that one. Somebody went marshmallow crazy. Marshmallow crazy. Oh, here we have all the uh I would not win on this one. I'm not good at Marvel trivia. Oh, yeah. I'm sure in the chat there's somebody out there who is and you you got it all. But yeah, only good certain Marvel. That's a cool bag. Happy holidays. This saxophone. Oh, wow. Jump. Not very good weather in Detroit. Sorry about that. Look at this. It's a little snow globe. Oh, it's beach club. Oh, fun. We must shake it. Okay. Polo picture. Yeah. There's no water in there. So then it just kind of uh it just uh Yeah, it's just little beads in there. So cool. This is of course the magical place on earth shirt. I got this. It's a cool embroidered up there too. It is. I like it. It's going to get cold tomorrow and the next day I can wear it. I love they've got these mugs and it's like a little, you know, you can put it's like a pocket. Money and stuff. Credit card. Yeah. Could even stick your phone out the top of it. Yeah, you could. Okay. All right. Let's head to Yach Club. Okay. To the club. I like the sand. Yep. Sandman. Yeah. Just like in the land. The sand man and the land man. They're cute. Sand family. Okay. All decorated up there. This is I'm going to say it's the fantasy or the dream. The dream. Good job. Nailed it. Yeah. I feel like they don't have any replica ones of like the wish and the tragedy and stuff and the destiny. They don't have those. They don't have that. You can you can buy something like this on the Destiny. Yeah, I know. You're right. You can buy the actual ship. Yeah. You can buy the actual ship. All you need is $1 billion. That's it. I know. That was the That was the I was talking to somebody about this the other day. I was like, "How much does a cruise ship cost?" Yeah. And they they Yeah. I don't know. I'm sure Google knows, but it was a lot. Okay. I'm going to ask now again cuz I have to know. How much does it cost to build a typical modern cruise ship? Question mark. Uh 500 million and 1 billion with the largest vessels exceeding 1.4. So we're not going up to two yet, but that's crazy. Yeah. But I get it. They're they're very complex. It's like building a giant building, but also it has to float and move. Uhhuh. And it also has to be it's not like like a regular building you just connect it to utility say power connection right exactly and water and sewer it has to have its own facilities for that generators desalination you know you know they do that right oh yeah those are cool that they don't just carry water I mean they do carry some but mostly they take it out of the ocean and desalinate it Robert Brown uh $71 $20 happy birthday Jenna happy Thanksgiving Josh and we stopped and talked to you a bit last week out in front of the Speedway while you were streaming. You made my daughter's day. She was asking to see you all day. Robert, first of all, that's so cool. We're glad we got to meet you guys and and thank you uh for the birthday super chat for dinner. We really appreciate it. Thank you very much. Very little walkway to the Y. Yes. And sometimes I see grandma Okay. Nope. No restrooms right now. This vineyard when that was ever open. It's only used for special events now. Okay. Wish they had an Ariel's restaurant. That would Yeah, that would be cool. Hey Adventures, they say happy birthday Jenna. Thank you so much Adventures. Yeah, David, we're at Yacht and Beach right now heading to yacht. The weather is amazing. Dude, focus dude. Oh, it's funny cuz this is go with the flow which is not in the movie. It's just in the musical. This, but this was Liam's big feature. You know, it's crushed. They should I actually think they should remake the movie and just put that scene in there. Let the turtles sing, you know? It would be super cute and everybody would love it. You must not block the turtles from singing. Yeah. Yeah. Ship shape. That's the uh the fitness center. Oh, I did get to go on the Destiny into the spa. I know it's the same as the other ones, but at the spa and uh a lot of times you don't get to. So everything I I what I learned is on imbarcation day everything's open. So for anybody just walk in, nothing is Oh, operational at that point. Like the restaurants I don't think are all open, but every other space, you know, like if you want to go see um the Oceaners Club and the only kids that are down there are kids that are just with their parents, not playing, but like just check, you know, just touring it with if their parents are, you know, if their parents are there doing the same thing. nice reporting. So, so yeah, there you didn't have to worry about that. Uh there were no babies in there or anything. Uh they had the little crib area which was so cute. But yeah, but anyway, I didn't see on that one, but I saw the one on the um treasure. Yeah, on the wish. All right, here we are. Thank you. Best steak I've had on this property. One day I will try this. You must do the fillet mñana. You must 65. The other ones are good, but but the flame is where it's at. I need to put some lotion on. Can I have you hold it for just a second? Mhm. Dry skin. I get you. All the resorts in this area are beautiful. They are beautiful. Yes. I love them. Amazing. Turkey Prep on cruise ships is in the same tonight. Wait, what? Are you on a cruise ship? Yeah, they're Oh, you mean they're baking lots of things? Yes, I got you. You want a ribeye medium raw? Okay. I heard this is good, too. I've never been here. It's at the cruise cup, I think. I know. Isn't that pretty? So pretty. Thank you so much. A latte coffee. Oh, is this new? No, I don't know why ale and compass. Okay, then we tend to like to use that little combo phrases, conjunctive phrases, whatever you call at the end in there. Leak and barrel cast and candy. Yeah, it's true. Good point. Oh, here we go guys. Very striking. So pretty. The ultimate. Thanks for the birthday wishes, guys. Yeah, this is amazing. It I mean our mammals, our grandma wasn't this big there. Her little individual, but it was amazing. Yeah, she did have papa's train set around it, too. Yeah, she did. Hershel and Margie Lenny, $20. Happy birthday, Jenna, and happy holidays uh to you and family. Love you. A thank you, Hershel and Margie. That is so sweet. Happy holidays as well. We really appreciate that. That's so kind. Yeah, this is super fun. I love this so much. Thank you, Kim. Thank you, Goofy Grandpa. Thank you so much. Thanks for all the birthday love this time. It is. Yeah, it's very nice and lit on this side here. I'm going to zoom in just a second. Yeah, go ahead. There's um signs from different parts of the uh resort. Oh, you're right. All right, guys. We'll get a little look around. I just I just put lotion on. Sorry. I just don't want to hear how it You want both of us. Hi. How are you? Okay. Yeah. Oh, thank you so much. Okay. Thanks for Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Yeah. Oops. Sorry. We're from Omar. Omar. And uh you met your parents actually like 3 years ago. Three or four years ago. They're fantastic. A thank you. I mean they're good. They were here earlier. It's harder for them to get out and about. The parks are fairly intense for them now. So yeah, the crowd crowded. They were here today for most of the day and left at the beginning of the day. Yeah, we did my birthday dinner today. So it was fun. We We just actually ran into them at one point. I think they were following you guys around, but they were like So anyway, you were like at a school. You probably get a lot of like people that like No, we love that. I don't want to be creepy, but my wife thinks I'm stalking you. Do you want to say hi on the street? Yeah. Can I say hi? Yeah, of course. Oh, hi. Hello. I'm Jim and Katie in Omaha and family who's all here in Orlando on vacation. Thanks. Cool. Yeah. Happy Thanksgiving. Yeah, you too. Sorry. You're totally fine. Oh, you're all good. Trying to follow you at beach. It takes a minute, but you did it. All right. Good meeting you guys. You, too. Have a good day. I like the the the snowblower over here. It's always fun to see. Yes, that is fun. carolers. My skater. It's a snowblower. Yeah. Got a a gingerbread laying out cuz that's what gingerbreads do. Hey, Tyrus. Pickles. Got it zoomed in. We'll just kind of walk around a little slowly. Sorry. So, you can see there's a little greenhouse in there. I know. I saw that, too. Isn't that fun? Hi, Kimberly. Thank you so much. Happy Thanksgiving to you. Look, they even have a boat down here. Little lighthouse, too. Yeah. No, you're right. Oh, I love the little bridge across. That's fun. Yeah. I mean, it's it's cool cuz it goes through a little canyon there. Yeah, you're right. Yeah, there's a a lot of planning for the scenery and the mountain and everything. Yeah, you got you got to do some planning for this. That's for sure. All right, let's go to the back side. Got the tree over here. Let's see. We'll take a better look at it here in a second, but it's gorgeous. There's the train again. I know. I wonder they they have lots of storage, I'm sure. But yeah, I wonder how they store it. Walking in a winter wonderland. Oh, look, there's Santa Claus. So cute. That is fun. Oh, yeah. A lot of people use Disney as a mental health reset for sure. I know I do and Josh does. There's Dad. Dad loves it. I knew you would love it, Dad. Yep. Liam's on and he loves it, too. A hi Liam. Hi, Steph. I love the Christmas tree with the Mickey ears. Oh, I'll get a better look at the Santa here. Elsa's castle over here. Oh, yeah. Cool. Oh, here's Olaf. Did you see the animatronic Olaf that they're getting in Disneyland Paris? It's crazy. I want one for here. I mean, I would take one personally, too, but like for Disney World would be crazy. It looks pretty pretty uh complicated. It really walks like It really does. Hey, DVC. And Andy, how are you? Thank you so much, Andy. All right, I'll unzoom so you can see the big picture. He's right there. Oh, I see. I love the little ski lift, too. And then over here, you've got Mickey and Friends house. right there. Dad's woohooing. I love it. Very cool. Oh, there's a Christmas tree on the front of the train. Walking in a winter wonderland. Mommy, is that Oh, it's a Coca-Cola one. Josh, you need that. Oh, I like that. You need that. Look how cute this is. There's a gingerbread. All right, guys. Let's see. Um, let's go see the tree. Let's go around this way. Mommy, I love that they have actual like scale little model ships on here. So fun. And rope and all the nautical things. I never like Amazing. I'm going to go this way. Going to take the pictures that way. Fun, fun, fun. Maybe they can use the Olaf technology in villains land. How would it be if you could see a pain and panic? Oh, that would be cool. I mean, I like villains, but Olaf's my jam. But that would be cool. That would be cool. The tree is in ship shape. Yes, it is. All right. So, should we head over to the boardwalk or what's that? Oh, wow. Yeah. Ships and boats. Boats and ships. All the things. Exactly. Good evening, Grey Rose Adventure. Thought I might start a little village like that. Then I saw the price per piece. Yeah, they're not cheap. The villages. All right. I do need to find a restroom. Okay. There. I mean, there's some in here, but yeah. Are we going to boardwalk or should we do that another day and we'll head back on? It's totally up to you. H 7:35. So, we have time. Yeah, why not? Guys, my princess walking. I don't know why I have that in my head. Walking in a winter wonderland. Everything in ship shape at the yacht and beach club. It is. Hi, James. Thank you so much. Thank you, Christopher Robin. Thanks, everybody. It's nice and peaceful out here by the water. I haven't seen him recently, but where's the little photo? Olaf is my fave. Oh, he's so cute. Right, DJ? He's always been really darling. Yeah, they are always so pretty at Christmas time. Okay, but I like Olaf. Thanks, Bruce. personable amazing work. Yeah, he's really telling on the mountain. I like the song. Yeah. All right, everybody's Well, look. I saw the light on the lighthouse. Yeah. Turn around. Turn and turning. That's up to you how you want to do it. The lighthouse. Well, guys, let us know. Would you like to go on the boardwalk now? Go check out the fun Christmas things or I'm going to go. It's probably quicker to go that way. Oh, you're probably right. Okay. Ah, let's just do it. We have time, don't we? Yeah, we have plenty of time. Let's do that. So, as we're walking around, check out one of our other awesome sponsors, resortv1homes.com. brokered by EXP Realy. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get the process started. If you guys are wanting to move here to be closer to the magic of Walt Disney World resorts.com, go check us out. I love this area, too. So peaceful. Especially when it's not a million degrees outside. We're going to have to redo this boardwalk pretty soon. Uh-huh. I The boards are moving. I'm feeling a lot of boards that are very Yes. very much a little squishy. I also There's not water right under here, right? Uh, no. Yeah. No, but if one breaks, you can put your foot through it. Oh, sure. No, I But I was just curious, which would be I don't think there's water. That's I was just curious. It'd be very No bueno. No, there there I would think. Oh, okay. That's true, Tim. Below it is is it looks like below it is just dirt. Like dirt or something like there's not Yeah. I don't think you'd go down very far. No. Do you all go to mom and dad's for Thanksgiving? We usually do. Yes. Uh this year we're doing a little different since it is my birthday and everything and it's hard um you know to cook a whole meal. Um you know just mom mom used to do it all by herself. Um and I really didn't want to cook on my birthday. I'm not going to lie. So, we celebrated today with everybody and then tomorrow we're going to kind of do our own things. But yes, normally we do Thanksgiving at mom and dad's. Yeah. Josh and Jenna, which Disney World party is your favorite, the Halloween or the Christmas? They're both amazing. It's hard to pick. Christmas for me. Christmas. Yeah, I might lean towards the Christmas. I love the hot chocolate and the cookies for the Halloween candy just sits around. And I actually like the cookies. But what parade do you like better? Uh, the Christmas parade. Okay, I think I'm with you on that. I agree. I don't dislike the Halloween one, but it is definitely if a Thanks, Debbie. It's definitely one and two. Number one and number two for sure. Gotcha. Thanks, Tiger Tail John. But again, as a holiday, I like Christmas way better. Halloween is fun and it's fall. I like that part of it. Yep. You know, and I like that people I like that people enjoy it on the stream for Halloween and things like that. I like that the parties are, you know, fun to show people. But as far as what I like personally, if I wasn't doing YouTube, I would probably go to like one Halloween party and like still go to like two or three Christmas parties just because I enjoy it. Well, there you go. I do enjoy them a lot. They're fun. Um, if you had to choose, would you stay at yacht or beach club? I would probably pick beach club. We I've never stayed at yacht. We always stayed at the beach club. Um, so I'd probably pick that. But they're both fun resorts. Both nice. Yeah. And it's also closer to Epcot, the walk. Thanks, Jacob. I actually uh this was part of our 10K. We had to run up this bridge right here. I have another 10K coming up in January. Dale and I are doing the Chip and Dale 10K. Oh, yeah. It'll be fun. I got to get my back back in order before that. Love the Christmas parade. I love the mini Christmas fireworks. Oh, I do too. So fun. What am I looking at over there? I have never stayed at Swander Dolphin. No. What? I just saw a blue light through the building. Oh, no. That's that's space. Space Birth. Yep. What are we looking at? My sister and I stayed at Caribbean Beach Resort. We went to the very first uh Mickey's Merry Christmas party. That's awesome. We were there. Love the stroll along the boardwalk. Happy birthday and happy Thanksgiving. Thank you, James. No worries. Life of Brandon. No worries. Cheryl says, "Happy birthday." We have stayed at Boardwalk. I love Boardwalk. That is a great resort to stay at. All righty. See what's going on at the boardwalk. At the boardwalk. Boardwalk. The boardwalk. Thanks, Chris. I'm thinking I might want a cookie or something. Yeah. From Germany. That's where we get our fireworks spot. Anyway, I like that spot. Yeah, we might get a birthday treat to Germany tonight. When you are running that bridge and the one down by Epcot are kind of steep. Yeah. Yeah, they are. They are steep, Andy, for sure. Especially when you've been running a while, you're like, "Oh, I have to go uphill." No. But of course, we made it. Now, one thing to keep in mind, if you actually do leave Epcot to do a little tour around here, uh if you are parked at if if you have if you're at standard resort, you can take the bus wherever and you're to get back to a different resort. You'd have to take a bus to either a park or Disney Springs and you can get back to your resort. Yes, exactly. Um if you are parked at Epcot, you must get back into Epcot by 9:00. Yeah. Or else you may have to take an Uber to the parking lot. To the parking lot. Yep. Because they will not let you walk through the park after it's closed. Yeah. Even though there's still people in the park, sometimes if it's like a couple minutes after, like one time I was a few minutes after and they let me in. Um, that's nice. But they said they they did say just for future reference like after a certain time they're like, "No, nobody else can. Nobody." Yeah, makes sense. I get that. Yeah, you can't have people coming in randomly. So, I totally I I fully expected to have to just do the Uber. It was totally my fault, but they were nice and let me go first. Well, good. Elizabeth says, "Happy birthday from Goan. Enjoyed some risen roll donuts this morning." Oh, that's so fun, Elizabeth. I miss those. Thank you so much. My son and I have Christmas party tickets for Tuesday. Amazing. I can't wait. Awesome. You're going to love it. Yeah. Do you know what's going to happen to Jelly Rolls? I've heard some things, but I can't remember. Yeah, I do too. I think it's still going to be some type of music club, like a jazz club. Somebody said jazz club. Oh, yeah. I did hear that. So, I'm all about that. Yes, I wouldn't mind that either. Yeah, they are Great Rose Adventures for sure. The Suriri bikes going up those hills. That is no bueno. I'm surprised the big river has been empty for so long. I know that nothing else. No other restaurants coming. I mean, it's not a big area, but it was big enough. And they had outdoor seating, of course. Yeah. I mean, but it's here, here, and here really. It's a decent amount. I mean, it's Yeah, probably bigger than Beaches and Cream. Oh, good point. The rumor I heard is that Jelly Rose is supposed to become a jazz club. Yeah. Yep. Oh, they're they're uh playing the lobster game over there. We played that one night on girls night. It was hilarious. Yeah, you flip the lobsters into the pot. Oh, fun. It was funny. All right, we got to go in here. See what they got. I love how bright it is in here now. Symbols and threads. I have to admit, I like this darker. You what? I like the overtheing better. Yeah, but it is nice and bright. Okay, so nothing official yet. Gotcha. Christmas is here. This is cute. I haven't seen this. Oh, it's DVC. That's why we did see this at Epcot earlier today. I like that a lot. Oh, hello Beacon Barrel friends. Hey Jersey Johnny, thank you so much for the birthday wishes. They should make a Jessica Rabbit themed jazz club. That would be fun. Watching from the real Jersey Shore. Seeing that Jersey Shore boardwalk. That's funny. Love this peppermint pillow. It is I forget how much this is. $44.99. Some of the boardwalk specific things. Going to Chesterton, Indiana for a wedding in June. I have never been to Chesterton. Have you, Josh? No. I've never even heard of it, actually. Okay, that's super fun. Is it southern? Northern I think it was central in the middle. Yeah. Okay. This is where crazy bananas were born. Speaking of crazy bananas and our friend Marco, he um they had a baby boy. That's what dad was saying. Yeah. Congrats, Marco and Beth. That's amazing. Crazy bananas to celebrate. See, I know they have treats over here, so I want to look what kind. The gingerbread cookie. I do love that. Yum, yum, yum. Thank you. Thank you so much. Happy birthday. Thank you. I know. It's They're so big, aren't they? Thank you. bottom. Sorry. The bottom down here. That one in the middle. And then brownie. Yeah. Dad said, "Woo! Crazy bananas." Mom and dad were here that night, too. Crazy bananas day. Yeah, they work. Sounds like a movie going on. Oh, it's Santa Claus with Tim Allen. I love that movie. Look at the tree, too. That's so pretty. Popcorn Garland. Have you guys watched any Christmas movies yet this year? I have. I have. I watched the Jonas Brother Christmas movie. It's brand new on Disney Plus. It was really cute. They did a great job. That cupcake did look good, didn't it? So good. I love that movie. All righty. Oh, you can see it this side, which is backwards. That is backwards. That's so funny. Up the steps. What? I don't cuz we made it up. Oh, okay. Good job. Oh, it's so pretty. These are nice. Aren't these pretty? Love it. We've watched Elf, Olaf, Frozen Adventures, and Home Alone 2. Fun. Hi, Tom Spots. Thank you so much. Okay, they have a ginger snap cookie, traditional Italian cookies, and a Mickey caramel corn cookie. Kai pie, it's the ornament. Polar Express and Oh, Die Hard. Thanks, Suzan. Oh my goodness. Look at little Mickey and Minnie and they're making the most adorable treats. Mickey's like, "Yay, I made cookies." That's really cool. Isn't that cute? I love miniature things. They even have little miniature Mickey cakes and croissants. Castle. Oh, you watched Charlie Brown. Nice. That's one of my favorites ever. Christmas. Yeah. I even saw the uh I watched the um the Great Pumpkin. Yes, you did. You were You were sad that you almost missed it, but you No, I got I got it in. You got it in before you went on your cruise. Good evening, Streamfinder. Oh, Thanksgiving. The Thanksgiving one's a little bit different. I don't remember that one. Okay. It's not my favorite, but it is It is a thing. I don't remember it. I'll have to look for it. All right. It's kind of weird. Patty invites everybody over to Charlie Brown's house. Oh, that is weird. That is very weird. She says, "Yeah, Chuck, you won't mind if someone's coming over. You won't mind. This is what we're going to do. This is what we're doing. Okay, sounds like a plan." She invites herself over and say, "Do you mind if this other person comes, too?" And also this other person. Wow. She invites Oh, we loved electric umbrella. That was my one of my favorite restaurants to eat at as a kid. Yep. Yep. Yep. Pastry chef. Oh, you can meet her tomorrow 3 to 4 on my birthday. Die Hard Christmas movie. Everybody says it is. I don't consider it one, but I know everybody else does. That is a giant ornament right there. It takes place at Christmas and it has a lot of Christmas vibes, but I don't think it was intended to be Christmas. Yeah, I think you're right. Love the fire over there. So cozy. I love the garlands. It's just gorgeous. All right, I am actually going to use the restroom in here. So, I'll let you know. I can meet you outside. We'll stroll. We shall stroll. All this music is so festive. Hi, Elizabeth. Okay, they do have some trees out here, too. Hey, Streamfinder. Good to see you. Who's holding your hand? So, very nice. Very nice. There's all these trees and gingerbread house. All right. So, we got to go this way. See what's going on down here. Always love this painting. Can't stop because there's a lot a lot of traffic in here now. Let's go in here real quick. Lots of Christmas trees. Yeah, always looks great in here. Look, I always love the garland. When we had a stair we had a a staircase, kind of a wraparound stairway around our foyer in our last house, um we did garlands up and down the stairs for a while and then we got kind of, you know, busy. Beautiful night resort hop for sure. Yeah, they really have been uh Disney's really put out pulled out all the stops and put out all the decorations. It's great. So, yeah, it's very nice. All right, let's go back this way. All right. Well, there you go. It's a little look at Christmas at the boardwalk. Now, we won't have time for Swan and Dolphin today for sure. We got to head back into Epcot now. But it is super cool. They used to have a crazy huge tree in um in the dolphin, which was so cool. You ready? Yep. Okay. All right. We can head back into the park now. Yes. I'm getting a big movie fan. $27. Super chat. Happy birthday, Jenna. Thanks for all uh the merch. A Thank you, big movie. Thank you so much, big movie fan. That's so sweet. When are we frying a turkey tomorrow? Well, it depends on where you're doing that at your house. There's So, there's the tree in the middle of the courtyard there, which is nice. When do they decorate the resorts? At night, during the guests were sleeping, or during the day? A little bit of both. Mostly at night, I think. Uh cuz you know then a lot of it you know they'd have to put out um you know they'd have to put out uh like ladders and scaffolding and stuff. Not scaffolding maybe but just ladders and little platforms so they can do it. And it's easier to do that when guests are not you know around as much. I know the big one at Wilderness Lodge they do in the early, you know, morning. Early morning. Yeah. Now it's not that there's nobody there, but they'll probably block off the areas, you know, when they're in there working. But there might be people. Oh yeah. That's so fun. They might block off some of the uh areas, but like there there are always going to be some people who um have an early flight or have to leave in the middle of the night or, you know, are just up for some reason. So, you're never going to have a time in a resort where there's just nobody around. So, yeah, that's I think that's when they do it. Yep. The Santa Claus. That's the movie. I also love the Santa Claus. Santa Claus from the '8s. Yes. I love that movie. It's a great one. And I I think it's it's like kind of that was one that they did in collaboration with McDonald's. Oh, yeah. Cuz McDonald's is in it. And every time I see it, I want McDonald's. I know. I'm like, wait, but man, do they make it look It was in the 80s, though. Definitely. It was. You're right. It was. It was much better. This is I still can't believe they haven't fixed their fries. The fries have been bad for years. They've talked about it though. Yeah. And I used to be able to eat the chicken nuggets and not eat acid reflux. And oh my word, I can't I can't eat any of it now. Yeah. The worst acid reflux. Well, we should go buy a $25 cake. Just kidding. A $25 slice of cake. Excuse me. Slice of cake. You do not get an entire cake for $25. If you if you did, nobody would have an issue. You get a slice for 25 and you get a slice. 30. If it's a special slice. Yeah. I'll wait and find something that Germany. Yep. Lots of trees here. It's very sparkly. It's very pretty. Yes, it is very pretty. Like a winter wonderland. You even Wow. Oh, wow. Look inside there. Isn't that nice? Yeah. Well, I'd want to sit right there. Yeah. Oh, there's little animatronics in there. No way. You see them? Yeah. Little bears. Little bears moving around. That's fun. Well, they got it decorated. I mean, they have the money for it. One day I'm going to have $25 cake. One day. Isn't it so weird that she said, "But not today." the the but it is not this day. Not today and it is not tomorrow. Why not the favorite child? Go to go to Disney Springs Boat House for the cake slice. Yeah, you could do that. Their cake is huge. You get a whole huge slice. I had it once. It was good. Nice. It's chocolate, which isn't my favorite cake, but it was good. You would like you like Yeah. The music at Boardwalk is amazing to listen to on a bench in the evening. Yes. For sure. Talked about the first two sponsors. You want to talk? Okay. So, who we got? Uh David's Davis DVC Rentals. If you want to book your next trip, no. If you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, check out Davis DVC rentals at dvcrequest.com/tv. That is dvcreest.com/tv. Go check them out. Uh, and they'll help you rent a DVC room just like here at Beach Club. Well, board Beach Club over there. Boardwalk. We just came out of. Sorry, got them confused there. Yeah, here and there and everywhere. Uh, but yeah, DVC Resorts, you can you can book one even if you're not a member. I will say it's a great way to try before you buy. If you're thinking about doing DVC, but you're like, I want to stay there, but you don't want to pay the the room rate for a DVC room is insane. Yeah, you don't ever want to do that. So, if you want to try it out, the best way to do it is to rent somebody else's points, and Dave's DVC rentals is a great way to do that. Or if you're just like, I know about DVC, but I just need a room, then go for it. You're out of points or something. Yeah, you're out of points. Or or maybe you're maybe normally don't maybe you normally like a a pop century room is fine, but you're taking the whole family, so you need the two-bedroom. Uhhuh. you know, like you're taking extended family and things and everybody's just going to chip in for it. You can rent, you don't have to just buy a DVC contract for one vacation. You can rent a two-bedroom somewhere, uh, using Davis DVC rentals. So, it's a great option. Um, and it's, uh, very, very cost effective compared to, you know, a lot of other things. So, go check it out. dbcrequest.com/tv. Again, dbcrequest.comtv. Uh, we also have, let's do, let's do one more and then we'll do a couple more in a minute. We also have um Dreamtable. Dream Table is an app that allows you to get reservations for all of the hardest to get and the easy ones too, but all the hardest to get restaurants around Walt Disney World. What it does is you put in the time, the like the desired time frame, the date, the restaurant, party size, all the things, and it will just keep searching for you. If it's available, it'll tell you right now it's available. Go book it. If not, it'll just keep searching and searching and searching. Um, and uh, a lot of times it finds something because somebody might cancel something at a random time and it's always checking. So then you go and you book it. So it's really cool. It's a great service. It doesn't just auto book. So it's not like scary that way. You're like, "Oh my gosh, I have eight reservations for something." Like No, it's just it it allow has you manually book it, but it's a great way to not have to keep refreshing the app all the time. Exactly. It just does it for you. So yeah, go check it out. dreamtable.co. Again, that's dreamtable.co. Or you can search for DreamTable on the app store. Again, dreamtable on the app store. Go check it out. My fellow educator. Hope these next few weeks during a break are tranquil and absolutely enjoyable. Thank you. OMG Barth. I appreciate that. We really um really have a pretty chill last couple weeks. So, I'm very thankful. Thank you, Emara, for posting that. I love how amazing the waterfrontage is. Hey, classy Disney mom. Uh let's see. I think it's like around the 20th or something. Okay. Uh 19th. Our last day is the 19th. That's a teacher work day. I said 9th. Actually, our last real day is the 18th. The 19th. A lot of times we have a little Christmas party in the morning. Our school is really great about this. We're technically contracted and paid on the 19th, but after after um if your grades are all turned in and ready to go, which all the teachers make sure they are. Um we have a we have a party and a breakfast. Everybody cleans up their rooms, locks everything down, does what they need to do to be gone for 2 weeks, and then they're like, "Okay, if you're done, see you later. Have a good Christmas break." And you a lot of times leave by 11:00. Yeah. That's very nice. It is very cool. It's one of those little perks that's kind of unwritten. They don't have to do it. They could ask us to stay the whole day cuz they're paying us. But they do they they're really cool about just being like, "Hey, merry Christmas." Yeah. No reason to sit around and totally your thumbs. Go enjoy your break. They always have pretty decorations in the front. Yes. All right. I'm going to get the BRB ready. Uh, and we're actually going to give you uh a preview or we're going to give you a little uh information about weight time displays and wait time TVs. You can get a really cool weight time TV, wait time display for your um your house and you can feel like you are close to the magic all the time. It's got like resort TV. It's got stream multi- view. It's got all kinds of cool stuff. So, go check it out. Weightsigns.com/ u sorry, no, it's just weightsigns.com. Uh, and then use code resort 15 for 15% off. Weightsigns.com. Use code resort 15 for 15% off. All right, here's the BRB. We'll be right back. We'll see you in just a bit. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. All right, welcome back everybody. We are We're back. All back. So yeah, if you want to check those out, it's weightsigns.com and then just use code resort 15. Again, weightsigns.com. Use code resort 15 for 15% off. The devices themselves, they're $99 for the TV. It's a little box that hooks up to your TV and uh $99 for the tablet, the the display. uh depending on your needs. If you like it on the big screen, put it on the get get the TV. You can get both. Uh it's up to you if you want to do that. But the 15% off makes it about $85 for the devices, which is pretty reasonable when you consider you're getting a whole tablet for one. You know, it's a it's a touchscreen tablet. It's not an iPad or anything, but it's a it's a nice tablet and uh it's really cool. So anyway, definitely um thank you Wait Time Signs for sponsoring us. All right, moving on. Where are you headed? Germany. Um let's go to Yeah. But we'll head around the long way. We'll stop in France, see the praise, and Sounds good. Make our way over to Germany. Okay. For a treat. We'll do some shopping along the way. Yes. Looking at Christmas, but it's good to see you all, guys. Thanks for being here. Weather is literally perfect right now. Yeah, it is. We are so lucky. So, we have to do BRB, of course, through the uh security, but I thought I' I'd get the sponsorship done while we were doing that. Kill two birds with one stone. That's right. This is the sponsor in less than an hour. That's right. This is the way. He said, "This is the way. This is the way." Yes. Yes. Yeah. They always have private events down there. Yes. Hey, it's me, David T. Since you were lucky enough to have both you and Jenna here tonight, any chance Saturday or Sunday morning we're going to work out? Oh, David. Yeah, thank you so much. Uh, no, I don't think so, David. It's just it's been way too busy. Um, I've just Yeah, really appreciate it, but I I am really overwhelmed right now with everything and I just need to be I just need to schedule some time at home. So, good time of year. Thank you for understanding. And thank you for reminding me. I just I have to be careful how much I commit to or I end up just really tired. Yeah. So, sorry. I just I feel like it wouldn't be smart for me to commit to more things. Even though it would be fun and it would be nice to see you for sure and maybe we'll see you around the parks, too. But yeah, I'm really really sorry. See the Eiffel Tower sparkling over there? Yeah. Wouldn't it be cool if they had an actual bigger Eiffel Tower that sparkled? That would be cool. That would be cool. Yeah. I'm actually surprised. I guess it's kind of back in the back there, but I'm actually surprised they haven't put sparklies on it. Tired comes with age. Yeah. Well, and just over I think the other thing is just overcheduling yourself. I think that's the biggest thing. And I way overched myself. Yeah. Uh Jenna, we have a very very generous uh uh super chat here from Jack. Jack C. $100 from Jack C. Thank you so much, Jack. Thank you. Always so generous. Uh really appreciate you, Jack. You're you're the best. Thank you so much. $100 for Jenna's birthday. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. That's so sweet. Very kind. It's a It's a disco. Disco tower. So pretty. Have a drink at Rosen Crown, Jack says. Yeah, we definitely would. I think we might we might use it for uh some treats here in a little bit. Yeah, treat Germany. But I like that, too. Yeah, that does sound good. They have some good drinks there. Y I'm excited to try some uh drinks during I actually was on top of that. The stairs winding all the way up to the very top. That's really cool. I did not know that. And then the cars go around it. Yeah. And chaos, right? I've seen that. It doesn't seem like there's a lot of rhyme or reason to how the cars go around it. Sure are. Hundreds of years and they haven't figured that out, I guess. Treats. Yeah. Yum. Yum. Yum. Go. Same. I don't like this at all. The doors open. All right, there we go. Definitely a little busy back there, but it's still Hello, Princess Kristen. Yeah. Disney Streamer Network. There you are. Uh on behalf of everyone at the Disney Streamer Network, happy birthday, Jenna. A thank you so much. Thanks. I wonder if that's Lawrence. So sweet. Thank you. Yeah, it's a nice chill night at Epcot. Yep. I'm going to look what the weights are. We could go ride to Mexico and then come back. That's up to you. Let me check. He's got He's got it like a whole thing. Oh my. It's even on his backpack. Yeah, he's got LED on his backpack. Um I I worry about that a little bit. Remy is only 30. That's you you could almost do single rider there. That's crazy. Um where is Mexico? over here. Yep. It's up to you. Oh, yeah. Why don't you do that? Let's do that. Then we'll come back, get a treat, and then we'll get a spot. Yep. No, I do worry about people with a giant rig like that that it gets Disney upset. Yeah. And having your name advertised on I don't know. Like I said, no, it's not about like if if it was like just out in a street somewhere in town, great. Have at it. That's super creative. But I just always worry about Disney getting annoyed with the streamers and being like, uh, this is too much. I'll beside you. Thank you. I I think you know a shirt's fine because yeah shirt last year sure a lot of people have shirts on that advertise certain things you know that's pretty normal right but like I think I really do enjoy when you can get to do the live streams with you Jen and dad mom yeah Kristen for sure mom and dad were here earlier but yeah they couldn't stay too long they were getting tired cuz they've been here most of the day since noon so it's hard with the crowd these days even though it's not a bad day it's a I I'm hoping this weekend I can get my uh cruise vlog edited. That would be good. Yeah, I have a vlog to edit as well. I just haven't had time either. And Liam is, you know, Liam's disappointed he couldn't come today. So, I want to take him out maybe if he, you know, um feels a little better on Saturday or Sunday. So, out still on Saturday. Oh, that's a good question. I may have to take him. I I have another idea. the laundry. Do you have tickets to see World? Um, not anymore. No, we cut down to just Disney tickets. Yeah, we just weren't using the other ones. Oh, I get that. We definitely just like We had SeaWorld tickets and didn't use them for the whole year. So, we definitely just like supported SeaWorld for a year, which is fine. I I like SeaWorld. I'm glad that we get to we got to we got to contribute to their staying open. Oh, I mean, obviously, it's totally on us. We should have canceled it, but we just thought we would go and then we didn't. What bday snacks are we having this evening? Uh Jenna was wanting to stop in Germany. They've got a really cool like a kind of a salted chocolate chip cookie or something that's kind of full. So I might I may grab that. We'll see. Yeah. I want to see what they have. Maybe we're going to get a cupcake or a cookie. We had strawberry shortcake for Hey, Brooke. Lunch at the land. It was amazing. Yes. Well, I had your chocolate mousse. You did? I got a chocolate moose mousse for my birthday. A whole moose. the whole moose. The reason I ate it was because she can't have it. I can't have mousse. Yeah. Not because I had a bite. Not because I needed to have her birthday thing. It was just we didn't want to waste it. And I knew Josh liked that better than strawberry. I do. But you know, if you could eat it, it was yours. But yep, she couldn't eat it. But I enjoyed the strawberry shortcake without whipped cream. Pretty with the tree. I know. I always love that. Gorgeous. Soon they're going to have Spaceship Earth as a peppermint. I can't wait. Yeah, they will. Starting Friday. Friday. Friday. Friday. Moose antlers can be tough. I'm sure that's true, Amara. Sure that's true. They got a pretty uh pretty tree in here. Yeah, they do. go check it out. Okay. Cakes. Yep. America tree. So pretty. Yes. Oh, it's telling the tradition. Before bedtime at Christmas Eve, children in the United States eagerly hang stockings on the fireplace and cookies and milk for Santa Claus. Comes down the chimney to bring presents while they sleep. Yes, we all know this, right? That is fun though. They have one in each of the countries. They Yep, they do. The story. I'll tell you what, I really missed the Peace on Earth finale. Me, too. With the fireworks. That was so good. Me too. Me too. Me, too. It's unfortunately when they have times when they when they, you know, like they change fireworks shows, they're like, "Oh, well, we don't really we'll just stop doing that one thing." And it's easy to just kind of face something out and then just not do it again. It was so good. It was really good. I think Walter Konite narrated it. Did he? I believe so. Oh, yeah. And every night it was a barrage. I'm sure it was expensive, but it was a what? It was a barrage of fireworks every night. I'm sure it was expensive. She said to my Yeah, it was like a huge ending every night. Yeah, sure it was expensive, but somehow they managed it back then. Well, I don't think Illuminations had as many fireworks, right? It didn't. No. So, maybe that time. I don't know. Maybe. Yep. Everybody give their family an extra extra special hug tonight. That's right. Definitely. Okay. We'll have time, right? To ride Mexico. We might not have time. It is way over there. All right. Maybe we will. Wait a minute. Why do you want to get Well, let's go look in Germany and see if you find a snack you want or wherever you want to go. And if if you don't, I guess we can get over there. But if you're getting a snack, we definitely don't have time cuz it takes a minute to eat the snack and everything, right? I mean, I can eat it as well. Right. Oh, yeah. Let's go in Germany and figure it out. Happy birthday, Jenna. Thanks, Heather. Thank you. Well, I you know why I think it's so Well, why I think it feels empty, even though it feels empty, but last time I was here was for Beach Boys and it was insane. Well, sure. It was like New Year's Eve crowds. It was New Year's Eve. Although some people were saying it, there was all this stuff posted online on, you know, those these uh clickbait blogs that do all this clickbait stuff and they're like crowd uh guest uh guest management protocols break down as the Beast Boys, you know, overwhelmed Disney crowd control. I was like, that's 100% false. I was there. Disney did a fantastic job. It was crow it was crowded, but the the the line was handled. They were ready for it. There were no issues that I saw. I was there the whole time on Monday. You were there on Sunday. You didn't see any issues. directed traffic like they do on New Year's Eve. It was great. I'm just glad I'm glad we don't I'm glad we don't, you know, make our our living on YouTube um by click baiting, you know, and and saying things that aren't really true. Yep. So, anyway, but yeah, I saw that and I was like, that's not even that is not what happened. I was there. It was great. It was crowded. They they could have had the headline, "Insane crowds at Beach Boys concert and that would have been true." Yeah, it was true. It was the most crowds I've ever seen for any concert. Yes. Well, Stamos, too, right? No, I'm just Yeah. Yeah, you're right. It was amazing. It was a double whammy. It was They really could have easily had like three or four nights of that. Uh-huh. Maybe Stamos or, you know, Beach Boys weren't available all three or four. So, even if it costs more to have them, I'm sure with the crowds, they made a lot more those nights, too. Oh, sure. So, yeah. All right, let's go to the bakery. Okay, they have a Christmas shop here year round. Yes. So pretty. Oh my goodness. Oh my god. One of each. All of them. All of them. That's a caramel pretzel. Not sure yet. Okay. I know. I want something. Snicker noodle cookie sandwich. Somebody's excited. Caramel pumpkin spice. I think I'm good. You're good. You don't want a sticker? No. Okay. I'm just What's inside this cookie? Is it caramel or buttercream? Buttercream. All right, I'll take one of those, please. The sticker. Okay. Anything else? Happy birthday. It's butter. Yeah. Oh, you want one? We can share it. It's big. So, it's your birthday. True. All right. Two of those. Yeah. Take the Take the thing. I'll I'll grab it. It's your birthday. Thank you. Do you have any Disney? We're going to get some cookies. Some cookies. Yummy, yummy, yummy. I'm so excited, guys. Oh my word. Caramel with stroop ruffle, salted pretzel pearls, and chocolate flavored drizzle. That sounds amazing. Coffee. Caramel coffee. Caramel chocolate. I have had these before. They're delicious. They even have sugar-free. Oh, they have maple, too, guys. Chocolate. Chocolate covered caramel. Vanilla cream. This is caramel popcorn and strip. I might need that. Yeah. Here's the Christmas shop. Right. I uh I talked Josh into that cookie. The book of secrets of Santa Claus's secrets. That's fun. That's cute. It has all Santa secrets in there. I love that. Okay, I won't tell. I won't tell. As long as you don't open it. Yeah, don't open it. I love that. That's so fun. $19. Don't give his secrets away. I got it. Thank you so much. Don't Don't tell his secrets are in there, Santa. All of them. All right. Where do you want to go? Uh anywhere. You want to go at a table here? Maybe out by the water or um there's maybe standup tables by the water. Let's do that. Okay, if they're still there. Well, let's see. Take them in and do that. Oh. Oh, that's blocked off. Maybe over here. There's one right there. Yeah. Um yeah, we probably could have shared this. You're right. I just didn't want to like short change your Oh, well, thank you. I appreciate it. I'll take I mean, we can always take it home. That one or that one? Or that one? Ooh, I found a better one. Yeah, that perfect. Yep. Guys, look at these. We didn't get our snicker noodles at the uh I if it was caramel in the middle. I was like, that's a lot of caramel. I don't want that. Well, there is a little caramel in there. Yeah, there's a little. It's not bad. Yeah. Okay. So, let me uh grab my Thank you so much, Maria. Okay. Oh, yeah. I forgot yours is there. Yep. Hey, Olly Roger. There you go. All right, everybody. Enjoy the cookies real quick before we sanitize. Let me turn on the light so you guys can see. There you go. It's a cookie sandwich. Hickory noodles. I've had it once before. It's very good. Hungry. There you go. And it does have a little caramel on the edge, but then the rest is buttercream. Awesome. This is going to be amazing. There we go. Okay, I'll sing this one out. You want to dance to the music? All right, here we go. Let's see how this is. That is huge. Yeah, I know. That was That was a bad choice. It's okay. Thanks. You definitely could have cut that. Uh-huh. Wow. Two thumbs up. Well, we'll have some for tomorrow. Yummy. Thank you so much for the birthday wishes. See you candy. Poo bear. Why are they cold? I guess they keep it cold. Probably the buttercream. Yeah, that's a good sneaker noodle though. Not bad. You probably taste the caramel. It's not bad. It fits the sneaker doodle pretty well. True. I ate that cookie for dinner one night. You really could. That could very easily be your whole dinner. Uhhuh. Totally. Thank you, Helen. Oh, here you go. Good evening. Welcome to World Showcase Lagoon. In just 30 minutes, we invite you to experience Luminos, the symphony of us, a spectacular celebration of the music we make when we come together as one due to lower light levels during the show. Please watch your step and take small children by hand. For your safety and the safety of those around you, please refrain from sitting, standing, or climbing on any railings around the prominade. Thank you. And get ready because tonight's performance of Luminance, the symphony of us, begins in just 30 minutes. I mean, we don't care where we stand by. We can go right now. If you want to stand by. I'm fine. Standing wherever. I guess we stand up front. Oh, wait. You have a stage? No, the stage is fine. Whatever you want. All right. Would you rather stay and wait for the spot? No. Or you'd rather go to Mexico. That's fine. Let's go ride Mexico and then we can go this and grab a last spot. Right. Sure. I haven't seen it on there in a while. Yeah. I wish this was all like Disney music so it wasn't like so uber copyrighted. Me too. This pre-show music is horrible. Yep. I know. It used to be a cop in order to get copyrighted. But now at night, copyright temple. Uh-huh. That is so good. Yeah, it is very good. Thank you. You're welcome. Glad they give us little boxes. I can definitely take out they won't squish this way, right? Happy Thanksgiving, guys. Yeah, happy Thanksgiving. Hope everybody has an awesome day tomorrow. Is it 27 or 28? Can't remember. 27. The fire would be right there. So, this would not be a very good place to watch. But no, it would not. Where they're at would be. Yeah. That's really cool, though. Which is why it's full. Thanks, Stephanie. Take a break for now. Yep. I think I enjoy. Yep. Half would have been enough. Wow. Don't worry, I will eat the whole thing. It's not right now. It is really a whole meal's worth of calories. Uh-huh. Did you hate it? Yeah. I love that they do that. What? The face burn. Oh, yeah. Best thing ever. I haven't seen that one in a long time. That was fun. Now we need your sticky. Anything. Anytime they play uh Horizons in the park, I'm here for it. Right. You're going to get a PJ margarita. Not yet, David. Maybe on Friday. I still say this and I maintain this. I will never be a billionaire. But if I was, I would totally find a way to rebuild Horizons. Just saying. Same thing. Best ride ever. Yeah. And I want it the exact same. Maybe a little updated. Yeah. The end. like and the part of that money would need to be to like pay Disney to license it, of course, cuz it's their ride. But still, they let us go in Europe. I'd be happy. Yeah. There you go. Not that we have enough money. No, but you know, if I had like Oh, there you go, David. If I had like Elon Musk money, I'd totally do it. There you go. Yeah. And again, not saying whether I like him or don't. I'm just saying he has a lot of money. Okay. Yeah. Every time I say like, you know, talking about like Starlink and stuff and then somebody brings up something like I'm not saying I like him to do it. I'm just saying he's a guy. He's a guy that has money that does stuff and does the things. Yeah. With the stuff. I love these little market places that they have. It's very German. We went to You went to some German markets, right? Um Oh, no. You didn't go at Christmas. I went No, I went in the summer. That's right. There were Christmas stores. Okay. In, you know, in town like in Roenberg there. went to the the Yeah, the Christmas shop. Yeah, the Christmas Mart, I think, or something called Was it? It's something Catholine or Cathy. Kathy. Oh, yeah. It was in there downtown. They said that it's so like all the displays and stuff. Everything's so elaborate in there. It requires a special power connection to have more power. I bet. But yeah, so all these markets remind me of the the Christmas market in Nuremberg. It was so fun. Yes. And then when we went to Disneyland Paris, they had Christmas markets in Disneyland Paris in their Downtown Disney. And in Paris, we we came upon a Christmas market there as well. It is the normal pre-show music. Yeah, it is. I just wish it would change to something else. Mhm. Agreed. Thanks for th So, let me know. I know most people are off tomorrow. Let us know if you're off on Friday, too, for Black Friday. Yeah. It's so nice that everybody get, you know, that most people get off on my birthday. They get the day off. So funny. Thank you so much for the happy birthday wishes. So, we have 36 minutes. It was a 5 minute. We do not have 36 minutes. 36 after. It's 36 after. Okay. It's 5 minutes to get on the ride. It said Oh, it's probably a walk. And then the ride is what, like 5 minutes. So, we have time, I think. Yeah. Unless we get stuck. Watch to find out. Well, like I was I always tell people, I used to get so upset about that and I was like, well, you know, if it happens, it happens. See it next time. Exactly. That's true. Hey, Pixie Dust, you I was actually late. I did um I did Saurin or something. Not Saurin. I don't know. I did something a couple weeks ago here and I was late getting out to the firewall shark. Oh. Oh, I was watching you. Yeah, I was watching you and I was late and I was like, "Well, not like we're not going to be back, guys." That's true. They got this. We got this. So, I got Nine Dragons reservations for Friday. So, I'll get my uh Yeah, I'll get my candle like viewing time at 5:00. You have Oh, you have a lunch reservation, right? I have a lunch reservation and then I'll get the sticker to come in at 5. Nice. My wife should be in the front section. I just need to I don't know. What is it about? I'm sorry, Adam. Is it about an hour before or or 45 minutes before? You mean uh to get in line? To get in line with the with the um dinner package. I would get Yeah, I would get in line at least an hour. Like I don't need to be in the front row, but just in the front section. Yeah. It's not like it's Josh Gad or like a I can't remember who it is actually, but it's not some not Neil Patrick Harris. told me earlier. I know. Does anybody know the name of the speaker at Candlelight on Friday? I forget. Hi, Linda. Thank you so much. That's so sweet. We need a walking Olaf. Walking Olaf. Problem is here people would probably go crazy over him. I don't know if they would in Paris too, but Thursday. Cool. These songs memorized? No. I mean, what they are? It just means you uh are a fan. Oh, look. They don't let people stand here. I mean, the names of them either. You can't stand here because of the wall here. Ah, they got cast members here cuz it gets too narrow. All right, that makes sense. Once this construction is done, you'll be able to stand here. Yeah. No, I didn't know you knew the names now. That's That's crazy cuz that this one the one before it with theum that's desperado and then this is cho and these are the ones that these are the ones that get rejected every time. Okay. Doesn't matter how much you talk over it. They're like nope. We're taking our money. We're taking it. We're taking it. Don't do it. What if you sing? Doesn't matter. Um actually I tested I tested it one time. Did you? So, I always give like a really great rationale for why like, hey, I didn't, you know, we didn't choose to play it. We're talking over it. Yeah. It's not the focus. We can't turn it off. We literally can't do anything about it. Yeah. Okay. And they don't they ignore that. So, then one time I was like, I wrote just something completely nonsensical. One time monkeys went to Venus and they told me to play the song and they and they still reject it. I don't even think they read it. No, I don't think they do either. Uh 99.99 from Rosco Mothership says, "Wanted to drop in to wish our sweet Jenna a very happy birthday. Hope you're having an amazing day. See you in a couple weeks. Much love and big hug. Hugs as always. Thank you so much, Rosco. Mothership. Thank you. Good to see you. Thank you so much. And yes, see you in a couple weeks for sure. All right, Jenna, I have to tell you something. Okay. Despite the fact that it's your birthday, there is still no climbing. No. No. Okay. All right. Thanks. Despite the fact Okay. Thanks, Josh. I'm glad you let me know. I just want to make sure we had that clear. Okay. I'm glad I'm glad we cleared that up. Thanks. In case you were thinking about it. I mean, never never. I know. This is crazy. I love that skeleton game. This one? Oh, I've never played it. Create your own. Not really game, but create your own person. Your own. Yeah. Personal. Cool. Also, there's no line for margaritas. Literally, I have never seen that ever. No line. Okay. This is crazy. Love you. Wow. However, there is a line to get your uh passport stamped. To get your what? Passport stamped. That's cool. Yeah. Hey, people are choosing education over alcohol. I love that. Listen, no judgment. Getting a Getting a margarita. Margaritas. Yeah. Enjoy yourself. I love margaritas. I'm just kidding. Yes. Too funny. Especially nice at Epcot, too, because you can and I think this is why they're so successful with their golf. You do like to get a drink. You, you know, you're not going to drive for a long time. Maybe not ever, right? You might be, but you literally have no no driving to worry about at all. So, you're totally safe there. Yep. Which is very nice. And you get to walk around the whole park. You don't have to pay for an Uber or anything. That's right. Hi, Ivy. Rebecca, thank you so much. Grey Rose says, "My daughter loves that skeleton game, too." It's fun. It is fun. Constance Woo. That's right. That's right. Thanks, Laura. What is she What is she famous for? Yeah. What is she? Her name sounds familiar, but I'm not placing it. Yeah. Help us out. Oh, she played the mother on Fresh Off the Boat. Oh. Oh, I didn't watch that. But thank you. Mark Anderson. Uh Mark sent a $50 paper. Oh my goodness. Happy birthday, Jenna. I know you aren't close to that old, but happy birthday and have a great Thanksgiving. Oh, close to 50. 50. Yeah. That's so sweet. Thank you, Mark. That's so kind. Thank you. Thank you, Mark. A happy birthday to you, Michelle. A lot of birthdays in November. Oh, I took this 14 years ago at Magic Kingdom. Oh, wow. That's beautiful. A lot more poinsettas. Look at the castle colors. Oh, that's pretty. Even back then, it was really, really faded, too. Yep. Can we Can we wait for the front row? I mean, we can sit back. Whatever you want. She was also in Crazy Rich. Oh, Asians. Okay. I didn't see that either. Crazy Rich Asians. Is that a movie? I think that's a movie. Yes. Jordan Fischer is November 30th through December 2nd. That would be really fun. Yeah. Thomas Jefferson Museum says, "Fun fact, at the sixes and sevens Number two, go behind the yellow line. Behind the yellow line. Okay. Okay. Oh, because there's not enough people. Oh, makes sense. Makes sense. So, it says after the sixes and sevens has existed since at least the 14th century, originated from the medieval dice game and meaning to be in a state of confusion or disagreement. Oh. Which is literally what 67 means. Yeah. Either war. It's kind of too funny. All right, kids. You didn't come up with something new. I've had it for like 600 years. That's hilarious. 700 years. This is a 21st century. I don't know. Math is hard. Math is hard. Yeah. Oh man. Why are these so far down? Not as bad as small world. That's true. Small world. I feel like I'm not a small person, but I feel like a giant when I sit small world cuz your knees are your knees are like all the way up here. Agreed. All right, guys. Enjoy. Eric and Troy come back. They hurry up and eat quick and then they get on that. We weren't out here. No, we were space available on the water here. Yeah, there is. Can I help you? Welcome. I am I am and this is I don't know who the cont Where are you? Hey, you're amazing. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. such a Excuse me. This shows about There you go. We have We amigos. No matter where he goes, the one, two, and three goes, we're always together. We harness to guide us in our desire to play as we go. We may not come again soon. Thanks for coming to the show. Ask for Get us on tour. Have a great day. See you again. Remember to face changed over the years. The only thing that's really original to me as a kid is Thank you. Yeah. All right. Now we got a boogie. Yes. Put a little boogie in it. We have 9 minutes. Yeah, we got plenty of time. Go ahead and make sure the bits back up. Oh, yes. Thank you. Actually, I will hand it to you if you don't mind. Thank you so much. Okay. Say hi to Josh. Hi, Josh. You and Jessie. Jessie does that, too. Say hi to Jessie. Hi, Jessie. I could be saying hi to somebody else named Josh. That's true. Okay. Well, thanks for being with us, guys, and thanks for staying with us. Yeah. Thanks for joining. All right. So, actually hilarious. We're almost there. We just have to get around the corner here. Yeah, it's a little easier to get to. Yeah. Oh yeah. It's also the end of the night, so people are Yeah. not as interested in grabbing it. All right. So fun to watch. I'm so glad. Thank you. Too many screens on the ride. Well, that ride, to be clear, that ride's always had a bunch of screens on it. They just changed it out for Donald. Yeah, it has I think it's a cute ride. Yeah, but before it was just images of Mexico. So, it was the first couple scenes were like ancient cultures, Mayan and Aztec cultures, cultural dances and things, which was cool. And then um later on it was scenes of like mo more at the time it was like 1982 modern Mexican life. Yeah. which obviously needed to be updated anyway because it looked, you know, by it actually wasn't replaced until '05. Uh it was replaced with the uh Happy Celebration on Earth. That's right. Uh the same time Saurin came in around that same time. And um so yeah, by 2004 that those scenes look pretty dated. Oh yeah. So that was Mexican life like 20 years ago. Yeah. I was ready for a fresh like what they did with Donald. Yes. All right. Thanks, Benjamin. So, I got to go check out another live stream. No, you don't. You stay here. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I know there's a There are no other ones right now. No, there's so many other ones. But I'm glad you guys are here. Isn't it crazy though? Literally, for the first two years we did this, we were the only people streaming. It was amazing. It's kind of mind-blowing to think about. There's like so many now. It's a little squishy, but I think Oh, yeah. No, they'll have to stand up here in a minute and then there'll be tons of room. That's how that works. Yeah, there's still room. Agreed. Oh, now they are. Perfect timing. They're making them stand up now. Yep. Let's go around that way. We're about to be able to move here in like 3 seconds. Sorry. Excuse me. Excuse me. Yep. Perfect. You want to stand right here? What? Yeah, I'm I'm fine for now. Okay. 4 minutes. Here we go, guys. I got to update your app. Look. Ready? Ready. Yeah. And then look, they did it. It works. Good job. Hey, Sorrano. The show actually starts in just a few seconds here. I will trade you now. Let's see. Afterwards, we need to do park snacker and behind the ride and the layer one and that's it. Good evening. Here we go. Tonight, we invite you to join us for rooms specifically. Due to lower light levels during the show, we ask that you please watch your step and be sure to take small children by the hand. Tonight's performance of Lumis, the symphony of us will begin in just a few minutes. Oh, two super chats during the ride. I'm sorry. Here, I'll grab them real quick. Fernando Universal Creative. Fleece Fleece Kublanos and Jenna. Thank you for uh I got cut off here. Let me Okay, hold on. We're having can um he's going to be fixing this pretty soon. Also, Jeff Smith sent $50 PayPal. Jeff Smith $50 PayPal. Happy birthday, Jenna. Thank you, Jeff. Oh, they went away. I can get him. Hold on. I just have to scroll back far enough. Fernando. You said Fernando, right? There's one more. Hold on. Oh. Oh, we'll have to get him afterwards. Sorry. Seashell. We'll get it after. Welcome to the great gathering. You're awesome. Everyone on this earth is part of the great symphony of us. Each of us a unique instrument for playing harmony to one another. And even though we are all playing different parts, it's a unified heartbeat that connects us, reminding us that we are more alike than we are different. A rapid city of rhythms that unites us and connects us through commonalities of the heart. Come find your place in the great city of us. in motion. You feel the feeling all the time. I always you are a part of me and I am a part of you just so your song I together. You are Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. When we are poor, we come into this world of raw noise, craving and tenderness. We tune ourselves to the world around us. I'm stuck in crying. It'll be all right. Just take my hand, hold it tight. You be my sing. I will be here to shore. We begin to understand what our instrument can do. We bond our voice and add it to the ensemble of our ancestors. Our family west Forever. Yeah. We begin to recognize your music and others trading notes and improvising. Music becomes Somebody say Indiana. Woohoo! As you can see, see Louise. Sometimes we find another and our melodies blend and suddenly with the help of our heart strength our world becomes a duet. All the world is called music playing all so close. So close to me. You know what I say? inevitably in life. The accompaniment drops out and we experience great loss. We find that the melodies we cherish are gone and for a moment we are playing alone. When somebody loved me, everything was beautiful. And when she spent together my each other. She has the time when she was But we are never truly alone. Sing out so others can hear you. The music we make echoes back at us in chorus, in concert. Insane. No. together. But the sounds of each other. Heat. Heat. is all everything right that leaves us on his planet at the same time. And yet it's the human connection that unifies us. I like gravity. The river of the heart is all a bond a friend. in the unifying sound like the tray. on the ocean. All right. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. in the great symphony of us. All right. Such a great show, guys. Uh, so yeah, real quick, let's see. We're going to read some super chats here and then we got to plug in probably. Awesome. Awesome. $4.99. Happy birthday to Jenna. Cheers to another year being 27. A PS Luminous is my favorite Epcot fireworks show. It's good. Thank you so much. And it's even better with Resort TV one of Friends. Thanks, Awesome. Austin, thanks Austin. Okay, let me find the other one. Uh, Soder, $2. Happy birthday, Jenna. What a magical night. Thank you, Soder. Thank you. We'll get there. Sea shell 999. Happy birthday, Jenna. I will be down tomorrow. Um, and Friday is my birthday. Happy Thanksgiving. Thanks, Seell. Happy early birthday. And thank you so much, Sea Shell. Yes. Uh, Fernando Universal Creative. This was the one I couldn't read the whole way through earlier cuz it was cut off. Uh, $5 from Fernando, Universal Creative, Feliz Cupios, Jenna, thank you for all the magical Mondays and happy Thanksgiving. Thank you so so much, Fernando. Thank you, Fernando. Get the battery ready here. Yeah. Thank you so much everybody. It's been a good birthday eve. Thank for reposting. Hi Wendy. Thank you very much. Started out with lunch at uh Garden Grill with mom and dad and everybody and uh with Josh and Dale and then uh we had some Starbucks and now the stream. So, it's been great celebrating with you guys. Hi, DJ. Thank you so much. Thanks for 1100 likes. So good, isn't it? You want to make the battery? I will take it. One second. I have to move my phone to another pocket. All right. Actually, let me move my backpack. Sorry, I did this for now because my back was hurting, but I need to put it back. There we go. I moved it to the front. Give my back a break. There we go. Thanks, Christine. Thanks, Mary. Before I lose this. Oh, yes. Good call. There's no losing of those. We don't have many left. This has been a fantastic stream. Thanks, Grey Rose Adventures. Thank you, Tony. Hope everybody has a good Thanksgiving tomorrow as well. Happy Thanksgiving, guys. Yep. Happy Thanksgiving. I will see you Friday. Yep. Josh will see you Friday. I will see you um probably magical Monday. I might do something Sunday. We'll see. We'll see. But definitely on magical Monday. Oh, wait. We'll see about Saturday. I might take Saturday off cuz I might Yeah, you should. I got that I got this um my this year's version of the Snowfall stream ready. Oh, fun. I had to render it like three times cuz it had copyrighted stuff on it. You download license. You download what says royalty-free music and then it still gets claimed. I think that's not cool. I had to make sure everything was from the YouTube audio library. Anyway, so I could so maybe instead of streaming, I'll just premiere that all day. Well, there you go. Thanks, Angie. That will work. But either way, fun stuff. Yes, fun stuff. I added a bunch more pictures that I've taken lately, so it'll be fun. Uh, Alan Scott 1999. Happy birthday, Jenna. We do an annual support, but here's a bonus for Jenna. Alan and Cindy. Thank you so much, Alan and Cindy. Very, very sweet. We really appreciate it. Thank you so much. Hi, Queen of Treasure. Yeah, the tree is beautiful, isn't it? We'll get up here and then we can Yeah. Everybody's heading out. Yes. Yes. Happy Thanksgiving. Padawan heartbeat. They're singing it for my birthday. Yep. That is what they're doing. Wishing you a happy birthday. Thanks, Alyssa and Neil. Okay. Oh, you won't be able to turn around very long, but no, you can flip around and show the tree. And you can show that it's straight from here, too. It does look straight from here. Very pretty. There you go. There you go, guys. And the angel faces back towards Spaceship. Yeah, which I love. It's very pretty. This used to be where the Lights of Winter was, right? Oh, I miss it so much. Actually, the Montreal went through it, which was No way. Are you serious? Yeah. So, the Montreal went between two of the panels, so you you got a really good view from the mon. Wow. cuz it continued a couple more down this way. Okay. I don't remember. I mean, I remember them did go through it. Remember how big it was? That's cool. A Very Mary. Oh, you have Very Mary on Sunday. Oh, that's so fun. I love Very Mary. Josh and I both have one more Very Mary, but different times. So, you guys will get to bring you two more times to the party. Yay. Yeah. Oh, bye, Tiger Tail John. Happy Thanksgiving. Thank you so much. Thanks for all the nice birthday things for Jenna. Yeah, you guys have been so sweet tonight. Very kind. There was one we read right before that the show. Let me say real quick. Okay. Uh here we go. Uh Jeff, uh Jeff Smith, he uses his name. Oh, yes. Jeff. Yeah. Uh $50. I just wanted to say again, thank you. And he says, "Happy birthday, Jenny." Thank you, Jeff. Thank you, Jeff. That is so kind. Right before the show. Yeah, we did. Yeah. Thank you so much. That is very, very kind. Thanks for being so generous and thanks for the happy birthday wishes. All right, as we're walking this way, I'm sure we'll head into the shop because, you know, why not? And then, uh, we'll head out after that because, of course, the park is closed, but um, we do have, let's see, um, I'll talk about Behind the Ride. Behind the Ride is a book on Amazon. You can get the ebook, the hardcover copy, or even the, um, audio book. That's right. This is a book by David Mepower, and again, you can get it on Amazon. So, go check out uh Disney Demyified and Behind the Ride on Amazon. Great Christmas presents, great present for yourself or birthday present. All the things. Check it out, guys. Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified. There you go. Thanks, Katie. You're going to be in Disney next Thursday. Amazing. Don't forget to subscribe if you're new, too. Yes, hit that subscribe button. Want to find some holiday cheer this season? We cover the holidays pretty thoroughly around here. Yes, we do. You can uh you can come enjoy the holidays with us. Holiday cheer. We sure do. And we got it here. We cannot wait. Uh New Year's Eve is one of our most favorite streams. Yep. Um we always bring you guys along. Favorite and famous. Yes. Favorite and famous. Exactly. A lot of people smells like Rivier right now. It does. They changed the scent. They did in here. It's weird. Every time I walk in it makes me Well, today it made me think, okay, we're in Riviera. I'm not com I mean I don't mind. It's just weird. So, all right. There wasn't a lot new in here. We did I showed Josh the um the Epcot Christmas shirt. It's pretty cool. That is cool. Probably get it another day. I'm pretty tired tonight. I think I'm going to go home and go straight to bed. Sounds good. Hi, Orlando. Thank you so much. Yep. Wait, I'm getting tired. ready for Thanksgiving tomorrow. I'm I'm going to grill out the burgers. Oh, good job. We're doing burgers, not not turkey. We did the turkey today. We did the turkey today. Yeah, today was our mini birthday/th Thanksgiving. Not mini. It was a It was a full spread there at the Garden Grill. This is a shirt. I'll show you guys the shirt. It's pretty cool. I thought about getting it to myself. Here's the one I have on, but it's this one right here. And if we both get it, then it's cheaper. Two for 29.99. Otherwise, it's 32.99. Oh, or you can get two shirts, right? But it's a great one. I like it. I know. Isn't that cute? Mom actually got that one. Yeah, I love that. And then I of course have this one. Yeah. Um but this one I saw. This one's new. I haven't seen this one before. I do like that. You know what? I'm going to grab that Epcot shirt cuz I don't want I don't want the first day of uh Festival. Oh, yeah. That'd be perfect. Festival of the Holidays. That'll be perfecto. I have one from last year. Oh, do you? Cool. It is going to be chilly, by the way. Yeah, I'll have mine on Friday. That large? Yep. Josh is shopping. I love it. I like anything. Yep. Same. All right. Even more. Yeah, even better. Do you want to wait in line and I'll shop with them a little bit more? I'm just going to maybe we'll check out. Well, there you go. Even better. Let's look what ears they have. Anything new? I This is so fun. We're in 2025. There's no waiting in line. So, sorry. I always wait in line. You don't do the mobile? No, I don't know. It's amazing. I mean, it's harder to do when you're holding a stream, but True. Oh, let's go look at Lounge Live. Do it. Uh, Bali 10 game for Oh my goodness. $50 says um, well, I think it cut it off, but I think it's supposed to say happy birthday. Says happy. Thank you so much, Bali. Oh, you're good. Thank you. That's so sweet. Very kind. Wow. Holy moly. Thanks, guys. Here, I'll selfie it up. Thanks, Polly. Thank you so much for the birthday love. So see and um mind the gap $29.99. Um happy birthday Jenna. Thank you so much. Mind the gap. Got it. I had to use the uh flash. Thank you so much. Oh you did. Thank you. Mind the gap. I wasn't reading the tag but I had to I used flash. Good job. Thanks guys for being so sweet and so generous. So kind. Perfect. It does the annual pass. I will say mobile ordering, mobile checkout, like that. I know a lot of people say they don't like to be on their phones as much during, you know, part time, but that is one way where it actually saves a lot of time. That's true. I agree. I love mobile order. A thank you. Thanks, DJ. To be clear, there's not even much line right now, but No, there's really not. Have to walk through it. That's true. Good point. So, yes. Thank you so much again for the birthday love. You guys are so sweet. There. Oh, Bali says, "Happy birthday." Thank you so much. That's so kind. Look, Baymax is like, "I'll give you a hug." We've got the Inside Out crew over here. We're all Forever 29. I love that. Very fun. Why not? Why not? All right. Got it. I got it. All right. Josh is ready. He did the thing. Bought the thing. Then they give you a QR code and then you scan it and that's the end of it. That's it. And then they'll ask if you want a bag in there. Has everybody seen the Crocs? They're amazing. I kind of want them. I'm not going to lie. But I haven't bought them cuz that that's why. How much do Crocs usually? Around 50. So, okay. So, this is just more for all the stuff. Yeah. Uh Wendy, I don't know. I won't get one today. Maybe maybe later. I'm saving my money for Festival of the Arts cuz I want to or Festival of the Holidays cuz I might also save for art that's coming up too. True. I want to see I'm I'm pretty sure they're going to come out with Figment Sweater ears and I'm going to need those. The Christmas ones. I do have the Figment sweaters. You do? I guess I'll bring that for the festival of whatevers. Holidays. Yeah, that one. Festival of the whatevers. That's a great festival. I love it. Pluto's like, woo. If they ever bring this shirt out again, I'm getting again. Mine's not got holes in the bottom of it. So sad. The tank jumps on me. A Yeah, I've not seen that one in a long time. Either that or maybe maybe I get it when I when I pull it or stretch it out. I don't know. That's a cool I have that one face. Somebody was telling me when I was riding the mountain the other day, they used to sit in they used to sit in ropes like you sit on somebody's lap. What? Like you sat right like the matter horn. The matter horn. Yeah. Oh, interesting. I mean, obviously for a while it's been just regular seats, but they're front to back. So now that's that's what it is. I'm going to go grab my bag and myself. Yes. All the festivals. Exactly. I do love this bag so much. But I don't need another Loungefly. They are back in time for shopping. They've had all this stuff for so long up front here. Like these Crocs I think are uh Yeah. $59.99. So, those are only $5 more. So, really not that much more. I have these. I love them. Good. Yep. All set. Now, I usually don't take a bag because, you know, save the environment. I don't need it. I've got a backpack. Yeah. Yep. Good call. Also, it's one less bag in my house to throw away. Good point. Or recycle or whatever. Yeah, we don't I will say we recycle, but we do not recycle bags as much. Now, we do use like Publix bags, we use those as trash bags. We do the same. Yep. Walmart. And then at some point, you get too many, you just have to throw them away. Yeah. I don't know. Like, you can recycle them, but that's one thing I'm not good at. Yeah. But I do cans, bottles, everything. Cardboard, everything else I do. Uh-huh. And we have for years. Us too. Florida makes it pretty easy. You have a recycle can and you just throw it in there. Yep. We have a recycle can, a trash can, and So, when I see Good to go. I see people in the neighborhood not put their recycle cans out and I'm always like I mean I forgot today so that's on me but I was like it's so easy. You just like put it in there and then you just like drag it out. Exactly. It's not that hard. Really? Yeah. Britney Disney shopping and Epcot shopping. Amazing. Yes. Yes. All right. Well, I got my Epcot shirt, so that's good. Perfect. And yeah, with the annual pass it was $26.99. Okay. So, if you would have bought two would have been more like 23.9. Yeah, that's not bad. About that about $3 off. Yeah. Thank you so much for the happy birthday wishes, guys. Really appreciate it. Um I will Let's see. What else do we have? Uh we have uh uh Behind the Road. I did that. We have um we did Dream Table. What's the other one? Snack Park Snacker. That's it. Snack Parker. Snack Parker. Parknacker.com. If you guys want to uh you know have all you I know it's hard to find all the treats and all the different you know locations and what they are and where they are. All are every single one. Every single one right there on Parknacker. So it takes the you know confusion away and you can just look at that app right there and it's updated too. So when there's a new festival they update it with all the new stuff. That's right. So parknacker.com guys go check it out and you'll be ready for your next Disney trip. Also the main thing they have is an app. Yes. So, you go to the app store and you search for Parknacker and you you can go to the website too, but um you you go to the app store, download Parknacker and uh then it'll it'll get you all hooked up. That's right. Just go to the app store, guys, and check it out. These cast members are Oh, that's so cute. Having fun. They used to stand on the fountain. Remember that? Did they? On the side of the fountain of Yeah, you're right. Oh, I miss that fountain so much. They would stand up there and high five, wave, have their big Mickey hands. All that was the same thing. It was just on the fountain. On the fountain. Okay. Let's see what else. Uh, Layer One Tech. Yep. I'll let you talk. I need to teach some for that. Yeah. So, uh, if you want support for your tech support for your small or mediumsiz business, check out Layer 1 Technology at supportlayer1 technology.com. Go check them out. So cute. Bye. Well, that was fun. Oh, I'm going do it. Electric scooters. It is a busy one out here tonight. Oh, yeah. Well, everybody's leaving and trying to figure out where, you know, scooters and little. Yeah, it's a whole thing. It is a whole thing. This is the most people I've seen all day. I know. But what a fun day. Thanks for watching everybody. Yeah. Thanks, guys. Happy birthday to Jenna in just a few hours. Yes. Thank you. Yeah, few hours. Birthday time. I was actually born around dinner time on Thanksgiving Day, so it's kind of fun. My birthday's on Thanksgiving again. So, lunch time you mean? Yeah, it was right before noon. Yeah. Sorry. What' I say? Well, you said dinner. I mean, that could be correct. Just to clarify, some people eat dinner. Lunch. Yeah. I think it was like 11:48 or something like that. I'll have to ask mom for sure, but it was around there. All right. Yeah. Thanks for watching, everybody. So pretty. Um, I'll see you Friday. Yeah. Uh, we're going to need to move. Uh-huh. Yeah. I'm gonna hand this to you. You're better at the selfies. Where do we go? How about just out here in the middle? Maybe right in front of the fountain. Here we go. All right. So, thanks everybody for all the fun. Pull this up to make sure it's not Yep. Okay. There we go. All right. So, we appreciate you guys. Wait. Selfie. Selfie and the selfie. Have a happy happy Thanksgiving tomorrow. Yes. Enjoy your turkey or whatever you decide to eat. Whatever you have and family and Macy's parade and whatever your traditions are, enjoy it. Of course, if you're in another country, you know, you guys um trying to think some other countries do it, but not everybody. Yeah, exactly. So, definitely um enjoy it. Enjoy it. Whatever. Yeah. Happy Thursday to if you don't celebrate Thanksgiving. Happy happy Thursday. Thank you, Danny. But anyway, we will see you very soon. Thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you, Mers. Thank you, Hoppers. Thank you Patreon members. Thank you uh channel members. Thank you platinum members. All that thank you to all of our channel members, platinum members and um Patreon. That's right. Offer some chocolate and bobbers. Everybody's got to bop that like button. I didn't do a rapid fire bop tonight. Let's do it right now. Guys, find the thumbs up. Are you ready? Only hit it once, though. Ready? Bop the like button. The like button. Subscribe if you're new. All right, that was a selfie, Bob. It was. So, we have a platinum members, Amy Moore, Grey Rose Adventures, Big Guy One, Stephanie Mertz. Um Oh, we have a new one. Love Oh, go Mini. Oh, go Mini. Thanks. That's awesome. Thanks you. Thanks you. Thank you. It just changed the uh the handle, I think. Okay. Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer, M Mickey, uh, William Vile, My Crazy Grunup Life, uh, Chuck Paulie, the amazing Jaylen Moxley, Cicander, Ronnie, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Bismo, and Alan J. Oh, it's showing handles now. Oh, that's why it's different. Okay, cuz it was always Go Mini, but it didn't say her handle is Love Go Mini. So, that's why. Okay. Anyway, but thank you to all of you. We appreciate it. And we'll see you I'll see you Friday. Yep. And I'll see you Sunday or Monday. All right, everybody. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. I don't think I don't know. I'm not letting this be myself.
