---
video_id: 18fGiNaLRnI
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Holiday Park Hopping from Epcot to Magic Kingdom - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 11-22-25"
published: 2025-11-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18fGiNaLRnI
---
[Music] Take a young baby. [Music] [Music] back to back. [Applause] All of our [Music] [Applause] Okay, you got to tell me. [Music] [Music] What do you think? [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Some kind of magic. [Music] [Applause] princess [Applause] [Music] heard [Applause] [Music] Sorry. You're not going to [Music] You want to do a hard [Music] Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and we are live here at Epcot, but we're going to do some park hopping. We're going to start at Epcot, then we're going to go over to Magic Kingdom. So, welcome in everybody. My apologies for being late. Of course, if you're on the replay, you didn't know that I was late, but I am telling you, I'm sorry I was late. Um, some stuff happened. some um little bit of a rough day and and uh it got me delayed a little bit, but we're here and uh ready for a good time. So, definitely uh hit that subscribe button right below the video and uh follow us on social media. We're Resort TV1 on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Tik Tok, all the things. So, definitely subscribe. So, and I can't really talk about the the the difficulties today, unfortunately. So, you just have to trust me that I don't really like being late with the stream, but uh sometimes things have to take priority. So, thank you for understanding. We appreciate it. No, this is not a party night. Well, except for Jollywood. There is a Jollywood party tonight at Hollywood Studios. So, that is the only party going on on Saturdays right now. New subscriber, welcome in. Oh, no. Robert Warner, sorry. He's telling everybody to subscribe. I like, wait, you're not new. Okay. trying to get that that new subscriber welcome. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. It's busy over here. All right. Well, I hope you guys are having a great night so far. We are We're here and it's nice to be at Epcot, that's for sure. You guys want to go there? Okay. Just kind of strolling right now. Let's go up and see the Christmas tree. And then I want to go see Living with the Lights or the Glimmering Green Houses is the official name of it. So, let's go up and see the tree though real quick. Uh Ryan said, "You got some great gifts." Wait, I must have missed it. Was it your birthday? Happy birthday if it was. Steph and dad had birthdays this week, too. And Jenna has hers next week. Big bowl of soup and a big loaf of Italian bread. Well, there you go. Can't go wrong with that. Especially if it's chilly where you live, that warm soup is nice. Always a good on a cold day. [Music] Sean's going to fire me. I accept the terms. Fired from my own company. [Music] Oh, the poinsetta trees are up. Those are nice. I love those. Check this out. Love those things. So festive. Oh, you go on the Disney cruise on December 20th. Which one are you going on, Ryan? Let us know which ship are you are you sailing. Sounds like a weekl long cruise. That's got to be one of the uh either one of the smaller ships that does the weekl longs or some or the treasure also does that. Either either way, you're going to have a great time. All the Disney cruises are awesome. Although I haven't done them all, but I just know that they are. Maybe that should be a goal at some point before I retire is that we should sail on all the ships. That's an it's an expensive goal, but it's it's a good goal nonetheless. Is that the Encanto party? I I think that was more of a just they've got a Is it maybe Lalier the Latin band? I'm not sure. I didn't actually look very well. You want to check your phone for the Michigan One Big. Oh, nice. Watch your Disney videos today. Christing was amazing. Well done. Yeah, thank you. It was a Man, that Christing was amazing. It was so cool. Disney knows how to put on a show. That's for sure. I was so thankful to be able to be there. Um, I I said this several times, but you know, I always want to keep saying it that if anybody from Disney is watching, like we we really or I it was just me, but I really was felt very fortunate to be there, as they say, in the in the place where it happened, in the room where it happened. I felt very fortunate to be there. Oh, the grand the Grand Fian had their entire tree made at poinsettas. That's cool. I didn't see that. Yeah, the Destiny's doing four and five night sailings from Fort Lauderdale. Hey, Tiger Tail John. Oh, the adventure. Yeah, that's coming out of Singapore. That's going to be uh that's going to be different for sure. the hard part of it'll be more for people probably that live in that area, but or people that don't mind traveling, but yeah, the the biggest expense there will be getting to the uh rushing getting to the the port. At least from here it would be. The Grand Fian does have the tree up. No gingerbread. Yeah, hopefully they bring that back next year. That's a staple. I love the snow globes, too. [Music] Hopefully everybody's team won today. I know my team IU was playing Purdue, so I'm sure they won that one. Uh, but who knows? How are the cookies? Uh, you know what? They were good. I didn't have a lot of cookies. I didn't have a lot of time for that type of thing, but they everything I had was good. Um, Lion King restaurant was very good. Actually, let me go this way. Lion King was very good. Um, Pride Land's Feast of the Lion King. That's the name of it. Anywh who, that was great. So, this is the last I believe this is the last day of the Food and Wine Festival. Who's playing tonight? Does anybody know? It might be a local band. [Music] Yeah, I'm pretty sure it's either today or tomorrow, but I actually am pretty sure this is the last day of food and wine. Hey, Nickpic. Glad you're back. Oh, thanks. Appreciate it. Good to see you, too. Oh, sorry. I didn't zoom in on the snow gloves. I apologize. They started building gingerbread house in Disney Magic. Nice. Yeah, it's busy. I think it really is because of the last day. It's either today or tomorrow, but I'm pretty sure it's today. Sound is good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If there's any issue with sound, the best way to fix that is to close the video and open it again. YouTube has a long-standing error with uh sometimes having sound cut in and out, but uh that's not a problem with the stream on my end. It's a problem with YouTube system. So, just close and reopen. Today is the last day. Thank you, V. Peter. Appreciate that. I figured it was. I think I read that somewhere or one of you guys told me. But either way, that's probably why it's so busy. Plus, it's Saturday night. So, let we're going to go down to the uh Glimmering Green Houses and then we're going to probably head over to Magic after that. So, no concert schedule. The last one was Beach Boys. Oh, wow. We were at the last one then. [Music] So that was the last concert that Liam and I saw on Monday. How cool. Sean, I see what you did there. Thanks to everybody for the sound feedback. It was very sound feedback. You're good. Very sound feedback. IU Purdue game is next week. Oh, cool. So then we don't know how it went yet, unless we have a time machine. Uh, Silver, congrats on 25 months of Resort Hopper. Wait, sorry, Mimi Carol. All I saw was Silver. Mimi Carol, congrats on 25 months of Resort Hopper Silver. Happily supporting the best there is for just over two years. Thanks for bringing us all the things Disney to our home. You're very welcome. Oh, they must have a by week this week then. Or maybe they I don't know. Who knows? Jack, would you like to hold my hand, buddy? Okay. Luminous moves to 9:30. Yes. Yes. During the uh during the festival of the holidays, Luminous is always and even back in the day, illumin Illuminations. Illuminous. That's a that's a combination. Illuminations was also at 9:30. as to accommodate the extra time it takes to get people in and out of the uh candlelight processional. Candlelight's also a little bit longer show than the traditional concerts. So, schedule has to tighten up a little bit or rather it has to loosen up a little bit actually. It is actually surprising though because Epcot is very strict on um timings. They very rarely change the park hours here. So that the change of the festival of the holidays is a rare change. I mean anything else is going to be like an extra extra magic hours or something like that. But as far as regular park hours, it's like 99% of the time it's 9 to9 with the exception of any extra hours. Liam can look back when he's an adult knowing he saw the Beach Boys in concert. Absolutely. I knew and I I knew we talked about that. My, you know, wife and I, Steph did. Steph wanted to go, too. She just hadn't felt well enough to walk through the park. And, you know, I told her we could rent a scooter, but she didn't want to do that. So, that's fine. But, she really So, she enjoyed watching it on Steve's live stream, and then I also filmed a lot of it for her. So, not that I've had a time to show her, but it's there. But Steve did a good job. So, as always, so it works. I know. I love the candlelight professional. Been going every year since 1995. Nice. Yeah, it's pretty awesome. One of these days I'm going to get out to the Disneyland one. Um, and I don't know yet when that is, but it's usually first couple weeks of December. Brit usually tries to get there and stream it for us if he's able to get in the park. Um, but we'll see. I know he wants to. So, if he if our friend Britt is able to do it, then we'll be appreciative. If not, we totally understand. Obviously, he's, you know, he's never obligated to do it in any way, shape, or form. But, uh, I know he wants to if he's able to. So, if you never seen the Disneyland candle light, it's it's something else. This one's good. That one's out of this world. I wish my wife was the same way about the scooter. Finally got her to do one, but it didn't end well. But much better for me not having to push her around. Would be nice if they got carts. Yeah, for sure. Like, where's that light coming from? It's a Montreal. Christmas colors. Went from Halloween colors on the LEDs down there to Christmas colors. I got my All right. So, there's a 25minute wait right now for the land. Uh, all I want to do is make sure we get to Magic by Happily Ever After. So, I'm fine with that. I I don't I don't need to see the first Starlight. We'll We'll try and see the second one. [Music] JPL, you missed the or JL, you missed the uh the honey, I shrunk the audience. Yeah, that was fun. I do miss that, too. Montreal goes one rail. There we go. Thank you, Rob, for that clarification. Um, but yeah, it is a beautiful night and I'm glad I'm able to come out here today because like I said, it's a pretty rough day. So, it's good to get mind going off of other of off of things onto other things, Disney things. Second parade at 10:30. Okay. Decorations in the land are amazing. Yeah, they are. I haven't seen it yet this year, so I'm excited. [Music] [Music] Okay, so Magic's open till 11:00. So, we said 10:30. I was wondering what the times are cuz sometimes the uh second Starlight will be at right at 11:00, but in this case, they're starting at 10:30. Makes sense. Get everybody out of the park a little quicker. Oh my goodness. That's a thing. So scary. Cool. I'm sorry, Purple Fire, that you had a rough day as well. Sorry about that. Hope everything's okay. Yeah, you know, as okay as it's going to be. [Music] It was a dog. It was like a toy dog. We may be able to share more eventually, but right now we're just going to keep going. All right. And we're going to This line is Hi, how are you? Good. This line is uh not fun to have a phone in, but we we'll we're doing it. It's for uh for science and decorations. [Music] So stay with me. This is going to be a line simulator, but it probably won't take 30. We're getting in line at 7:29. So, we'll see what time we get on the ride. If we get on the ride before 7:59, then we're then we beat the average. [Music] [Music] Hey, Robert. [Music] I know, Christopher. It does sound like that. There was actually a uh theme park simulator. It was a Java based or flashbased game. This will tell you how old it is because obviously Flash is not used anymore because it's got several security flaws as all my IT friends know. Um but it was a game where you could simulate running a ride. So it wasn't just about the line, but your job was to keep the ride operating so that the line was as low as possible. So that was kind of cool. Hey. Yeah, for sure. [Music] Thank you. Of course. You're from Illinois. Oh, where? Yeah. Uh near Chicago, the suburbs. Okay. You probably heard me say I'm from Champagne. Yep. Yep. That's cool. My friend was from Juliet, so Yeah. Yeah. And then Indiana, too. You've got uh right. Yeah. Um and then I grew up in in in southern Indiana. Okay. Yeah. Only lived a year in Champagne and then we moved on. Nice to meet you guys. [Music] Yes, Minecraft did build some parks. I need to get that get on there. It's MC Parks, I think. But I think you, from what I understand, you have to have the uh the Java the computer version of Minecraft. It doesn't work on the uh iPad version. Maybe it does. I don't know. You guys are better experts than me. Waiting online makes the stream authentic. I love it. Hey, Prince Disney. I want to come see all the Christmas festivities. My body's just allowed. Oh, sorry, Michelle. We're Yes, we're here for you until you can get back. Uh, Joel, what are other guests thinking? I mean, I don't know. I guess I can't I stopped worrying about that a long time ago. That would be cool. George, hey, Candy. Heat. Heat. [Music] It's moving. It's so funny cuz this ride is always so um This ride is always so like dead at night until they start putting lights on it. Normally, you can just walk onto this thing. But it is pretty. I love it. Long day hosting a one-year-old birthday party. Oh, wow. Hope it went well. [Music] I believe the Grand Priest didn't do the gingerbread house because of the new bar, but it's supposedly done now. So, I haven't been there. I'm not sure. Mary says Walmart Chinese dinner at Hayernia. Wow. I hope you're okay. She's funny. It was a hurricane simulation in the same building as making your own coaster. I remember that. That was fun. Yeah, the hurricane simulator was I mean, I don't know. It was interesting. Maybe a better word than fun, but it's good to help people learn more about it, especially around here. Indiana QB may be a New York Jet. Oh no. It's never a good thing. Sorry Jets people. You know what? IU had the had a similar record to the Jets for a long time. So hey, anything's possible. I always like, you know, when not the same team wins all the time. I think it's good when they're spread around a little bit. So it's so so cool to see IU having success now. So, [Music] how's the family? Good. Yeah. Family in general. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty good. [Music] No, I'm not planning on riding Guardians tonight. What is it like over an hour? Probably. It's a fairly busy night here. It's interesting cuz Magic is open for everybody. So, sometimes Magic takes the brunt. I think because this is the last festival night plus they got this open with the lights. Everybody knows all the, you know, so it's a thing. Uh 95. Holy cow. An hour and a half. A little over for Guardians. No thanks. Sum of all thrills. I don't know that we ever did that one. [Music] Uh some let's see boardwalk hotels in tempra have either gingerbread and or chocolate creations. Nice. Very cool. Yeah, I love I love the boardwalk um car the chocolate carousel. No, sorry. Beach Club. Beach Club has the chocolate carousel. Boardwalk has the little the giant boardwalk simulation gingerbread house which is super fun. The chocolate carousel was really, really cool to see. [Music] Shandandy says, "Excited living on Christmas lights virtually." Yeah, it's going to be awesome. Oh, we've been Yeah, we've been to Mosy in Tampa. It's really cool. [Music] Just fan for life over here. Hopefully we get Mendoza, but I'm sure they'll win extra games somehow to lose out on him. They they can't even lose games correctly, right? That's what you say about your team sometimes. Like even when the assignment is when you're going to have a losing season, you might as well just lose all the games, right? But they can't they can't even do that, right? Hey, Mighty Max. Mom. Candy, you're very welcome. It's a really cool quote. Nature is not governed except by obeying her. I think this is a great example of that when you go out on a cruise and you look at the ocean and you're like, you see just kind of how small and powerless you are as a person. even a few thousand people on a ship, you know, even millions of people, like there's so much more water on this planet than land, right? So, the oceans are just so incredibly powerful. Hello, Catalina. Biggest question is where Lane Keifin and Kaylin Deborah will be. Yeah, I I don't keep up on enough. I know who Lane Kein is, but I don't know other than that very much about where he is right now. Hello, Reita. Are you shopping? Shopping can get everybody in trouble. It's okay. We trust your judgment. [Music] injection molding making robot parts. No, I don't remember that. That would be cool. It's like more like a um like an old school 3D printer. I mean, that's how they you know, injection molding is how they make the stronger plastic stuff. I think they still do injection molding now for a lot of plastic toys and plastic parts for things cuz it's a lot more reliable still than than uh They're all here. Then 3D printing. Hello, welcome to Living with the Lions to help expedite your journey. Please get moving forward. Please keep your entire at all times and know the number of usually a walk on here, but of course now we're busy with the lights. Thank you and enjoy your [Music] With this type of uh line, we may just have to take whatever seat we get. And that's fine. [Music] [Music] [Music] terrible. [Music] You guys [Music] I I don't know if anybody remembers, but during CO they had little uh plexiglass walls here. Or do they have it here? They had it at Mexico for sure. Maybe they didn't have it here. Danny says, "Cast Dream Lights. I would love to have a return. I highly doubt it. It raises our electric bill." I don't think it would raise the electric bill that much cuz they're talking about LED lights. I think the bigger issue is um the cost and the labor to put them up and then also somehow that it interferes with projections somehow. But I think it's a small price to pay. [Music] I don't think electricity is the biggest concern there. The walls. Yeah. This line's always been tight, though, even back in the day. No bubbles. No bubbles. [Music] Hello, Indiana. How are you? I need to put Charlie on my back. I think you [Music] [Music] You don't understand why they want to paint the castle. I don't know. I think I'm not sure that has too much to do with projections, but I think it's more just bringing back the nostalgia effect of it. Yeah, the cues are very narrow. Hey, Brendan. [Music] And I think when you're talking about Osborne lights, like that probably significantly added to their electric bill, but that was more than just lights. That was, first of all, a lot of lights, a lot of animations, and just a lot of things moving. So, as far as just LEDs on the castle, probably not a big deal. [Music] Few thousand colored lights crowd. You know what? I bet it's I I wonder if it's over a million here. [Music] This is not ready for the next [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey, Spider Bro. Yeah, it was pretty cold Monday and Tuesday here. We got really close to freezing. I don't think we dropped below, but it's pretty pretty uh pretty chilly. [Music] Yeah. And July, I kind of agree with you. [Music] LEDs are better than bulb. Yeah, they are. As far as they don't put out as much heat and they uh they take a lot less power. [Music] Yeah, I seem like the behind the scenes tour is pretty cool, actually. It'd be really cool to do it during the Christmas lights time. Oh, how cool. Jay, I didn't know that. Roy Clark Roy don't grow on this thing singing this land is your land. How fun. [Music] Oh, thank you, Eli. I appreciate it. I can't even start over. [Music] [Music] We're getting there. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] There you go. [Music] Just stopping to say hello to my favorite YouTube channel. Hoping to go around spring break this year. The last few years and winters have been really cold. Yep. Yeah, we've had some chillier times for sure. I know. I you know, we we do get chilly sometimes or cold, but we can't can't complain too much cuz you know way colder everywhere else. But yes, not as much fun for a vacation for sure. Got a spill on the floor there. Oh, it's sticky. Oh, fun. Oh, well. Almost around the corner. Thanks for being patient. This is worth it. Looks like we're going to be pretty close to the correct time. [Music] I'm excited. That's great, Ryan. Turning 21 is a big milestone. And not just because of being able to drink alcohol, but also just because it means you're more of an adult. I know you're legally an adult at 18, but it kind of is just one more milestone. [Music] [Music] Yeah, drop PCTV for sure. I, you know, we we don't get bored going as much as we do either. I mean, we there's times when, you know, it's nice to have a little break here and there, but it's not always find something new. So, Here [Music] we go. [Music] [Music] My wife loves the turkey croquets, croquettes at Jock Lindsy, but this year they replaced them with turkey egg rolls. Huh. I don't even know what that is. I obviously can't even say it correctly. Rob says, but mostly the first thing. I think I missed the first thing. Uh Jay's giving us the facts. Uses 16 boats plus two spares for a total of 18. Each boat holds 40 guests. 1,600 riders per hour. So that's the uh theoretical hourly ride capacity, but that doesn't account for of course normal delays in loading guests or unloading guests and you know wheelchair parties and things. So there the capacity is definitely lower, probably closer to 14 or 1500 in ideal conditions. But yes, they they will do a theoretical capacity and then kind of a the real world capacity because you're not, you know, you're not dealing with robots perfectly getting on the boat and everything. You're dealing with humans who are unpredictable and have needs. So yeah, it's cool to know all that stuff. Two weeks out. Awesome. Bearded CPA. First time with the kiddo. Hope you have fun. And I'm like so close. [Music] You know what's interesting too? Um I was on um watching the Spaceship Earth show. I noticed that the Hello and welcome to Living with the Land. To help expedite your journey, please keep moving forward filling all available spaces between yourself and the party ahead of you. Please keep your entire group together at all times and to know the number of guests in your party when you reach your loading pier. Please refrain from eating, drinking or anything. Once again, please keep moving forward in all available spaces. Thank you. Enjoy your voyage. [Music] It's kind of a weird little break in the floors there. Anyway, we were watching the Spaceship Earth show. It was really cool cuz I had the infinity focus. So, it used to be when I'd watch it, if the lights change too quickly, it would mess up the focus. But now I can walk it, which is awesome. Thanks to our awesome developer, Ken, I hope I've never been on the holiday. [Music] [Music] [Music] We're almost there. Three and four that you carry me here. carry me. We'll give you the service actually. [Music] Grab a papaya. No thanks. I like being able to come here. [Music] pretty close to right at 30 minutes. So, that's pretty pretty accurate wait time from Disney there. [Music] [Music] [Music] happily ever after at 9:00. So, right after this, we'll head to Magic Kingdom. We should be okay. [Music] Tell them you're with the Department of Agriculture. No, it's funny. [Music] [Music] I love you. traffic cone watching some football. Nice. [Music] [Music] Yeah. What's your What's your favorite fruit on the ride? I'd probably say banana, too. Although, my favorite actual fruit is orange. I don't think they have any orange trees in here. [Music] I wouldn't. And this is terrible. [Music] One [Music] All [Music] right, come here. [Music] All right. Yeah, it's really Jay, the the time the wait time was super accurate. It's going to be maybe 31 minutes, but I mean I think we'll that we'll uh forgive a little a little off time. It's going to be pretty close. So, for science, I will definitely uh just take whatever row they give me. So, we'll see exactly how long it is. And also, cuz it's busy, I hate when it's busy to ask for rows and stuff. I do sometimes, but in this case, it's probably good not to. They're usually super cool about it, but I always, you know, try to be somewhat mindful. If you lose your teaching, job, Disney could always hire you as a wait time estimator. Nice. I knew I missed my calling. There's 30 minutes right there. We're about to get We're about to get brought into a queue. [Music] Where are you going? Where are you going? [Music] [Music] One [Music] good. Hey. Hey. Do you want to be on the outside or do you want to be between me and the outside? So, Mom, go ahead and sit next to her. So mom can watch him watch all the stuff. [Music] All right, here we go. Enjoy. the land. Now it's time for the land. We're in the wrong place. Welcome to a voyage of discovery and awareness of the richness, the diversity, and the often surprising nature of living with the land. [Music] Our journey begins as dramatic yet sudden changes are sweeping over the land. The approaching storm may seem violent and disturbing to us, but to nature, it's a new beginning in the cycle of life. I like that service. Heat. Heat. One of those systems is concentration. Heat. Heat. less beautiful. And while this landscape is lifeless and very much alive, the plants and animals that have learned to survive in these harsh conditions, make use of what little water they can find and avoid the scorching rains of the land. The American prairie once appeared as desolate as the desert. But over time, rain water and nutrients gradually penetrated the hard surface of this land. Even the hooves of the mighty buffalo helped create the rich soil and one day become home to the American farm. I know what I know what I look for. Of all the forces at work on the land, humans have had one of the most profound effects. The need to produce food for a growing world led to the enormous use and sometimes overuse of the land. In our search for more efficient ways to grow food, we often failed to realize the impact of our methods. [Music] Today, we're learning to live with the land, discovering better ways to grow food that will assure both human and environmental well-being. [Music] business. Here [Music] at Epcot, we're learning to reduce the need for chemical pesticides by breeding and using natural predators like ladybugs and wasps to control pest. In the farmlands across America, we're learning that by plowing under vegetation containing natural fertilizers, we can enrich the soil without the use of chemicals. In arid regions, we're learning to produce food on desert sea coast by eating and planting crops that thrive on salt water. In Japan, we're learning that by mixing leaves and other living materials into our soil, we meet tomorrow's growing needs for food production, yet still respect the needs of the land. Some of the answers are being discovered just ahead. To help us maintain these carefully controlled ecosystems and for your safety, please remain seated in your boat at all times. [Music] This is definitely Look at all the pretty lights. Hey, I do not have nothing. [Music] Welcome to our glimmering green houses where scientists from Epcot and the New Orleans Department of Agriculture illuminate the wondrous gifts we receive from the land. Join us as we bring in the most valulant [Music] holiday crops actually grows in the tropics. For centuries, farmers in Central America have cultivated cacao to make chocolate. In fact, cacao is chocolate and Today, people around the world are able to enjoy a variety of sweets and keep warm hot cocoa thanks to this tropical plant. [Music] Where's that sign? 45 seconds. Hey, David, look over here. Banana. Banana. That's a banana tree. See, that's a younger banana tree. When you think of holidays, you might not think of fish, but seafood is an essential part of many festive meals. Family and friends gather once a year to celebrate with a set of course. just today state the traditions is known as the east of the Thank you. [Music] [Music] Citrus like the oranges grown here are common in Florida. But in Northern Europe, where fresh food is greater in winter, they're much harder to find, making them an extra special stocking stuffer. During Chinese New Year, these are given as gifts of good fortune. [Music] Hol What else? Crazy. I love They say it's better to give than to receive. And in this greenhouse, we're celebrating the holidays by giving back to the land using innovative farming techniques. By recycling water, we can give plants rich nutrients. By giving plants ladybugs, we're able to control pests and reduce the need for pesticides. And by growing ground plants vertically, we give them better protection from disease. [Music] Give me a closeup. [Music] There he is. [Music] With these gifts, our plants can grow an abundance of vested vegetables. This greenhouse alone grows a bountiful 15 tons of produce each year. When we give more, we receive more, making the most of the land's green gifts. Whoa. What are these called? They're called snake boards. No. That's what they're called. Snakes. Oh, no. They're called snakes. These over here are cucumbers. No, they're called over here. Cucumber snakes. Okay, whatever you say. Many of the plants you see today help spice up the holidays. The bark of cinnamon trees, like the one growing beside you, is used to make cinnamon sticks. Do you like eggnog? You can thank nutmeg for its signature taste. Other spices like ginger and vanilla add flavor to a variety of holiday cookies, eggs, and other delights. That's cool. By cultivating these festive plants with care and good cheer, Epcot scientists are able to celebrate the holiday season with the land's many gifts. I think they're asleep. That would have [Music] signed beard filter. Beard filter. Why are you selling beer? [Music] These green houses represent just a fraction of the work being done worldwide to produce bountiful harvests for our growing population. Scientists, farmers, and even backyard gardeners are doing their part to improve the quantity and quality of food that we all rely upon. Together, we can continue to find more ways to increase food production and protect our precious natural environment. Only then will we truly be living with the land. [Music] On behalf of Walt Disney World, we hope you've enjoyed this unique journey through our living laboratories. If you'd like a closer look, then check out the behind the seeds walking tour. It's a chance for the whole family to get up close and personal with the plants and growing techniques in our laboratory. [Music] Please keep your hands and feet inside the home and remain seated until next stop. [Music] Give me like a [Music] right here. [Music] I cried. [Music] Yeah, that was pretty awesome. They definitely had more lights this year than they had last year. It was um And the music was different, too, which was fun. Really good. [Music] Worth the wait for sure. It [Music] wasn't such a long line. I'd do it again. That's really good. That's why it's such a long line. Now we got to get over to Magic. Got to get over to Magic. Get on the Monreal. Please all your personal belongings. All right, that was fun. Yeah, they add more to that every year and I love it. I love it. The um I don't know, just the attention to detail and the uh actual willingness for them to add stuff is pretty awesome. Here we go. Okay, we're going to get on the Montreal. It's really one of the best Christmas overlays. I mean, honestly, here at Disney, I'd say it's I have a Jingle Cruise shirt on, and I would say that's probably a better overlay than Jingle Cruise overall. It's more like festive, and it actually it doesn't take the place of, but it definitely, you know, helps a little bit that um that Osborne's gone. Now, to be clear, it's not as good of an overlay as uh Haunted Mansion Holiday, but it's still pretty good overlay. Yeah, tap the like. Hey, Stacy says, "I agree. It's really good." And again, that's no disrespect to Jingle Cruise. I just I think that is very magical. And it's so cool how they actually put in the educational stuff, too. It was kind of hard to hear the narration wasn't super loud, but um you know, just talking about holidays around the world and how they use different types of uh spices, how people gift people, you know, citrus because citrus is rare, you know, in colder climates. Thank you. I appreciate that. What's your name? Watch all the time. Jimmy. Jimmy. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. I love that your scooter's decorated. That's great. Absolutely. You have a good night. Good to see you. Yes, sir. You, too. [Music] Open sesame. All right. [Music] My 85-year-old grandmother got to go to Disney when it first opened, but now she can't go. We're watching the Wives. Awesome. Hey, John. How are you? Good to see you, bud. Okay. [Music] Yeah, I love living with the land even on the on a regular day, but to have it have it decorated like that is amazing. [Music] And what a great way to breathe some life into a classic Epcot ride. You ready, Gary? Are you good? As the commitment to it shows that they're not giving up on educational rides and add something to it to make people really want to ride it all year long. That is amazing to me. I like it. I approve this message. Oh, very cool, John. Oh, there's Christmas decorations there in the campground. That's fun. Hi. Sorry. I noticed you were live streaming uh the ride that we were just in. I was wondering what your handle is so I could find you on YouTube. Uh Resort TV1. Resort TV1. Yeah. All right. Give me a second. I want to put Sure. Go for it. Yeah. It's uh really interesting cuz we were in the back right behind you. Oh, sweet. So, that was uh that was pretty cool. Resort TV1. Yep. Just type in resort. No, you're totally fine. Just type in resort and you should see it. Resort TV1. I want to make sure it comes up right there. That's the one. Thank you so much. Hey, I appreciate it. Have a great stream. You too, sir. Okay, so uh thank you Josh for my favorite riding with the land. Nice. Yeah, I love love love that so much. Oh, that's so fun, Susan. Okay, so I know I can go down by Moana. I never use that. There's like kind of a narrow path that goes down by Moana to get out of the park. Um but I never use it for some reason. a million making friends wherever he goes. I try. I do try. Somebody said I need to do a uh 360 video of that. I actually agree a lot with that. I need to get my 360 cam over here and do that. Maybe this week I can do that. Yeah, but it have to be at night. Okay. Yeah, that that ride is that ride is is fine during the day, but it's it's it's truly amazing at night. Beautiful night. We'll be arriving next Friday for a weekend by myself. Nice. Hey, Ann. Horizon's robot. [Music] Got to love Horizon's robot. [Music] Okay. Oh, we're going to be our guest here. We're going to be somebody's guest. [Music] Ah, guest. [Music] We're going to be all the guests. Can't really see it too well from here, but we're heading out anyway. Actually, I didn't even mean to start the stream right with the uh main Epcot Beacon of Magic show with the Pinartock music, but it kind of worked out that way. If you saw the very beginning, we got to start right on the uh right on the show, you rethe it using Wall-E. I mean, they could, but I think it's I I see the connection there. I do think it's probably okay how it is, but maybe that's a future idea. Hello from Natalie. Magical Night of Hope. We love the stream. Hi, Natalie. [Music] Yes, he had Christmas lights on the crutches. Yes, he did indeed. Why not? right here in life is so unnerving with a servant who is not serving. He's not serving. We'll see if we can make it. We've got 40 minutes, 39 minutes to get to Magic. If not, we can always watch it on the way over. We'll see. I parked here at Epcot, so I'm going to have to take the Montreal back over here. or not the Montreal, sorry. It'll stop at 10:30. I'll have to take the uh the bus back over here, which is always timeconuming, but I barely made it here. I didn't even make it here by 7:00. So, it's okay. Sometimes things happen. Sometimes your plan doesn't go the way you meant it to be. [Music] All right. So, I'll be brewing and bubbling. Let's see if I can show the show here. [Applause] This will be the last night for this. [Music] Big finish. You can't see it. They really do need to do some of those trees. [Music] Kick line. Everybody do the kick. Ready? Go. So fun. By the way, hi everybody. I haven't said hi on the stream yet tonight, but welcome. Hope you're enjoying it so far. [Music] Hello Josh man. Cogsworth buttering then roll yeah rolls away. I love that. Okay, Jennifer says we definitely are good. Hey, Javier, that is cool. I didn't even realize that. I'm sure there was, but there's an elevator down there for anybody who uh needs that. [Music] My seven-year-old was just singing along. Nice. Very cool. Sherry Howard Astronaut experience with Broadway. Well, yeah, for sure. Just a little. Okay, so no Montreal here right now, but we'll get there. [Music] Okay, [Music] let's see. [Music] [Music] Are they coming back on? No, I don't think they're stopping the spaceship show at all. [Music] [Music] Am I getting hungry? Me a little. I had a big lunch and a late lunch. So, I'm good. [Music] One more time. You're not going to get up. [Music] [Music] I haven't seen the Montreal. [Music] [Music] Thanks Carolyn. [Music] Oh, you're right. You're right. We just missed it. One went by when we were walking from Living at the Land. Yep. I was even pointing up at it. That's why that makes sense. [Music] [Music] Yeah. Emily and Brendan. Hello [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] There it comes. It's on the other side. [Music] is [Music] the only guy. I don't know if he's [Music] ever [Music] like [Music] president, [Music] which is crazy. He's the only one that does that. [Music] [Music] remember [Music] [Music] And then I turned it off. [Music] I was just like super tired. Stay up. It's really like hard. [Music] [Music] Emergency. [Music] [Music] very [Music] [Music] ass. Sorry, I just realized the quality was low. I fixed it. So, if this stream looked a little pixelated, that was my bad. I forgot to raise it back up after the land. So, Oh no. Oh no. [Music] We're about TV. We watch you. Hi. Thank you. A you guys are the best. Like huge fan. We saw you. Nice to meet you guys. You too, man. Have a good night. Bye. How are you? Watches you all the time. Oh, that's awesome. What's your name, buddy? Chandler. He's autistic and he although happy birthday, Chandler. Say thank you. You got it. Awesome. Bye, buddy. Please stand clear of the door. [Music] your first room if somebody wants to sit down. This is just one part. Sure. Wonderful. remarkable. This is my first time in Disney since I was everything to me. Yeah, it was nice to meet them. They were awesome. Super awesome. I hope he goes back and he's watching himself on there. I bet he'll get a kick out of it. At least we get this weekend. This is our first day for this trip. [Music] I can't see too much, but that's okay. Thanks, Proud Patri. Appreciate that very much. to work out. This is the one time slot that we have and then we can go to bed. When we enter MK, we're just going to go and watch the fireworks. Hopefully, we can make it. Good seeing you tonight. Yeah, you guys, too. No, no soda. I had one when I came over. Probably good for an hour. They like each other. 13 years. So that's World Drive out there. It goes north and south through the park. It starts down all the way at US 192. Actually goes to Celebration, but then um it goes all the way up It's a contemporary and beyond to contemporary and beyond. Then it goes up to um Tron in that area. Speedway looks lifelike like Yeah. You'd almost think they were real cars, right? And maybe in the summer, too. Wonderful. What college? The the promises, right? That's great. My my uncle teaches at Eastern Michigan. He teaches uh audio engineering. So like you know recording music [Music] lifeaver. So far, I don't know anything about relocating Muppets. They said they were going to save it, but I don't know. We'll see. I think they kept all the stuff. Parking lot's pretty full. [Music] Is it on the same site as this is where I get to show you again that the express Montreal goes the same way as the resort Montreal. Now [Music] [Music] [Music] But also transfer magic. [Music] [Music] collect your belongings. Thank you. Off we go. should make it. Long as we can get a Montreal. Obviously, there's one in the station now. We won't get that one, but we should still make it. All things working perfectly. If not, oh well, there will be other days. My gosh, that shirt is so funny. Happy Gilmore Golf Academy. The price is wrong. The epic Happy Gilmore and Bob Barker fight. How good of a sport was Bob Barker for doing that too, right? Is it funny too to think that like actually Bob Barker in his prime probably could have handled that fight pretty well? And I'm just, you know, being silly obviously. Don't condone fighting, but you get the point. That's awesome. Love your shirt. Happy Gilmore. It's pretty good. doing a live stream. I was just telling my chat, I was like, I feel like for real in that movie, Bob Barker was a good sport doing that, but also I feel like he actually probably would have held his own in that fight in real life. Seemed like a pretty tough dude. Have a good night. You too. In the Where's he fight? [Music] He would only do it if he won the fight. Oh, that's funny. The magic kingdom only. Magic Kingdom only. [Music] What was the other quote? He said, "I don't want a piece of you. I want the whole thing." I heard the guy as I was walking away saying, "I didn't didn't understand what he was saying." I say, "He didn't understand what I was saying." I was like, "Okay, I guess he didn't see the movie." because that was a pretty memorable part in that movie. Have a great night. Thank you. [Music] Here's a little trick. If you keep going, you'll be closer to the entrance. Watch. Also, there's more room down here. So, here we go. So, normally the Montreals would come from this way. It's going to come from this way. Follow directions, Jennifer. No worries. As far as followers [Music] Part three of Josh at MK. I don't know what you mean. Sorry. [Music] My car [Music] is next right Maybe. Yeah, maybe. What? Only adults. Yeah. Mom and dad. She's over there pouting somewhere. I told her she's not. All right, we got 12 minutes. And again, it's going to be weird because you guys, if you're like me and you've been coming here a while, you're used to the uh you're used to the Montreal going through Contemporary first, but uh it's actually going to uh go towards Polly, but we don't stop, so that'll be that'll be fine. Good timing. Thanks, Roman. I'm hoping we make it. Clear of the door. Off we go. They can race. I know. When was the last time they actually went the same direction? That's kind of crazy. It's been a long time. How is this going? Good evening everyone. Thanks for riding with us and welcome. Our next stop is the Magic Kingdom. Please hold on to the silver handrail and never lean against and PJ Max, [Music] please hold on to the handrails throughout our journey. For the comfort of others, no smoking, please. Thank you. [Music] It's one of my favorite 30th anniversary of Toy Story. That's cool. I didn't know that. I knew it was made in 95. Can't believe that was 30 years ago. Holy cow. Christmas decorations at the Pali. So that's all I knew was number one. I don't know why you said it's there's some construction over there at Polynesian. There's Island Tower. The anniversary of Beatles, the white album. That's nice. Oh, take your T on. Have fun at Contemporary, but bud. Oh. the uh water page going on over here complete with a backdrop of Cinderella to me and my head is the same temperature as I was going to say I thought the brownie boys were coming there from the Grab another. Wonder why we slowed down. You don't know. We are currently holding for further traffic clearance. Please remember to stay clear of all automatic doors. If you're standing, please continue to hold on to the silver handrails. Thank you. That's right, Doug. Yep. Holly is where John Lynen signed the letter to officially dissolve the Beatles. The other Beatles had already signed it. Oh, I saw a backpack. Be cutting close. Yeah, right. together. Look at that water park. No, it said it said at Disney again. Sorry. We're good. And the word again was underlined twice. Again. Again. What's his name? That's Bobby. Bobby got married. Wedding photos with castle in the background. And Bobby Bobby likes he looks like he's related to he looks like he's related to this looks sick. Very nice tonight. Hopefully, we can get in the Montreal station and get over there. We'll see. No, that's not what dad is saying. We are currently holding for further traffic clearance. Please remember to stay clear of all. If you're standing, please continue to hold on to the silver handrails. Thank you. The cat, I know who you're talking about, but that's You're welcome. the cat is he has white shoes and then his shoes. Oh yeah, that's the main one right there. That's That's up the cat. Search up pizza. [Music] This is a nice view though. Let me see. Let me see. You should have asked for a check while you were asked for that last round. We are currently holding for further traffic clearance. Please remember to stay clear of all automatic doors. If you're standing, please continue to hold on to the silver. Thank you. Disney, but I'm talking Disney. I'm not talking this but his name is Pete and he is a cat. He's not a cat. He's not. Oh my goodness. What year? Whoa. I didn't even look. That's a new one. I've never had the same. Hey, Miami coffee. No worries. Go ahead. What year? Okay. 1929. 70 years earlier. Ladies and gentlemen, we're approaching our station at the entrance to Main Street USA. Gway to the 16 lands of Magic Kingdom. Smoking is not permitted. Except in the designated area outside. Just a very very intense conversation about Pete the Cat and Pete. What do you think is both are right, but the one is too stubborn to admit anybody's right except him. Pretty common personality type. You don't have to be right. You just have to be louder. Yeah, it's not much of a race. We've been lapped a couple times. And then I don't know how I turn my favorite quarterback. back. So now we are actually close to the front. That ended up being a good call. Ladies and gentlemen, please collect your belongings, watch your head and step and take small children by the hand. We hope you enjoy your day at the Magic Kingdom. As you board, kindly offer available seating to those needing special assistance. If you're standing, please hold on to the handrails and Yes, Kimberly. Exactly. Oh, you you know people like that too. Okay, we have two minutes. [Music] Luckily, we don't have to go through security. We are not running. We are not running. They already got all the ropes set up for after park closed. Yay. At least there's not much of a wait to get in. Oh man, we're all the way down here. [Music] Hello. Okay. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Try this. Try it. Excuse me. Stay with you here. We're going to be real close. And it starts right now. [Music] Sorry. Enjoy the show everybody. [Music] And may we live happily ever after. Each of us has a dream, a heart's desire. It calls to us. And when we dream after this, I'm bold enough to pursue it. That dream will lead us on a journey. [Music] [Music] Thanks. How you doing? Every step we take brings a new day. Every choice we make us fly away [Music] with our hearts wide open. Oh  [Music] [Music] on the earth after [Music] you shine bright. So make a wish and hold on tight. There's magic in the air. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] taste the morning there [Music] just one day and then I swear I'll be content with my share [Music] I [Music] [Music] [Music] destiny lies within you. You just have to be brave enough to do it. They turn [Music] away. [Music] She knows. [Music] I'm taking dragon. [Music] [Music] Oh my god. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Thank you. Bye. Oh my [Music] god. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] That's what friends. [Music] [Music] I wish I [Music] everywhere. Every Some people are worth melting for. [Music] We don't have to feel it anymore. [Music] There's an open world. [Music] [Music] My heart [Music] will be here. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] I see every [Music] and the world is somehow She [Music] all at once. Everything is different. Now that I see you [Music] [Music] is the most rare and Power. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Good luck. [Music] Look inside yourself. [Music] You are what you have become. Remember who you are. [Music] of a far place where a hero will be waiting for me. with a crowd of cheer when they see my face. And a voice keeps saying, "This is where I'm [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] And so our journey comes to an end, but yours continues on. Grab hold of your dreams and make them come true. For you are the key to unlocking your own. Now go, let your dreams guide you. Reach out and find happily ever. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] I see [Music] down. [Applause] [Applause] Thanks for the spot. Appreciate it. Um, random person, right? That's cool. I saw you got on that road and I was like, "Okay, I didn't say I appreciate it." I was like, "Hey, I got stuck on." I was looking for you got there and I was like, Oh, it's so funny. I just happened to look over there and I recognized you right away and I was like, "Oh, no." So, do you want to say hi on the stream? Uh, yes. So, what? Remind me your real name. Uh, Chris. Chris. Okay. So, this is Chris, who goes by random person in the chat. Hey there. And, uh, he very graciously uh, saw me as I was walking down the sidewalk and pulled me in and got me a good spot, which was pretty crowded. Sometimes there's room, but there really wasn't much. So, I appreciate it very much tonight. Absolutely. And I believe my folks are watching on there. So, Mom and Dad, if you're watching this, love you tons and uh I'm having a wonderful time. Oh, I love that. Yeah. Hi, Mom and Dad. Cool. Well, yeah. Thank you for the spot. It was great. Absolutely. It was wonderful to see you. You, too. Enjoy the rest of your Magic Kingdom night. See you. All right, guys. Subscribe if you're new. Big thanks to the random person there. That was so nice of him. helped out so much. [Music] I knew exactly who he was. I knew it, but I knew him by his handle, not his first name. So, that's why I was like, wanted to make sure I had the right first name. But yeah, [Applause] we have a lot of nice people in our community. Everybody helps out when they can, which is so nice. [Music] I love this exit music. It's very joyful. Wishes was uh very like beautiful and kind of serene and like reflective. Excuse me. Excuse me. The guy didn't look. No, he didn't. [Music] Oh, yeah. And Mara might be busy with uh with some of the um his regular job. Yeah, he works in sports, so I bet there's some type of a uh a game tonight or something. He might come in a little later. Who knows? But either way, got to do your got to do your uh your main job first, for sure. But we appreciate him. He's here so much. And we have a lot of great moppers here tonight helping out and doing what they can. So we appreciate all the moppers. They all do such a great job. [Music] And Isaac of course helping out with the lyrics. Always always awesome. [Music] in your life. It's just happily ever after. Let's see. Was random person in the chat? Sorry, I was trying to uh There he is. Cheers, y'all. Least I could do. Oh, for sure. No, it's very nice. Very nice. I love it. Oh my gosh, look at this. We're going uh this way. We're going not that way. When you're in the theme park, you have to be like water. Go towards the path of least resistance. That's what water does. That is what water does. Although sometimes there isn't a path. Then we have flooding. Yeah. We'll get there. I'll get there. You never [Music] get over there. We made it. Never ceases to amaze me how much how much and how fast people can block up a sidewalk. That's cool. They got all the different lands listed there. I didn't know that. How fun. There I go blocking up the sidewalk. All right, so there actually wasn't anybody behind me, but you know, I'm guilty, too. I am also people. All right, Pixie Dust Seniors, thanks Josh for making those fireworks. They are our favorite. Happy Saturday. Thanks, Pixie Dust Seniors. Really appreciate you being here. I'm going to take a restroom break and then we're going to go on People Mover and we'll see what our other wait times are. Yeah, I was heading to People Mover after fireworks because it's the easiest thing to get to. Everything else is pretty stressful to get to and I definitely not in the mood for stress today. So, There we go. It's a thing. [Music] All right. Hi. We're glad you guys are here. Of [Music] course, it is going to be busier, too, because this is Thanksgiving break week. So, uh, a lot of schools down here. I see cheerleaders in their cheerleading outfits probably down here for some type of a field trip. So, all right, stay tuned. We're going to go on BRB. Haven't had too much of a chance to talk about our awesome sponsors. We'll do that real quick as we're heading to the restroom. Uh mickeytravels.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning advice. Go check out mickeytras.com to book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World. That's mickeyras.com. Again, mickeyras.com to book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World or any Disney park or cruise. They can hook you up and it doesn't cost extra. They just do all the work and then Disney pays them. That's how that's how that works. They get their commission from Disney and uh you get all the good service. mickeyras.com also mikyblog.com for all the latest Disney news and resortbomes.com if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida. We have our own real estate um group basically team I guess is the best way to say it. And uh so we uh we work through EXP Realy that's our broker. Um but we have our our team which is Resort TV1 Homes. So definitely go check out resorttv1homes.com. Click on contact us and we're brokered by exp realy. There's a whole law about how I have to say that by the way. That's the only sponsor I have to be careful about. I have to you we couldn't call it uh resort TV1 realy because we're not a broker. You can only call yourself realy if you're a broker. It's all Anyway, I'm boring you. But there's actually laws about it, believe it or not. So I want to make sure I follow those. So that's why we say we have a team and then we're brokered by and we have to say who we're brokered by because that's one of those advertising laws for real estate. So EXP is a big company and they're really good and they are our broker. But also we have random person just send a super chat $20. I'm rolling out to travel around this evening but so glad I could get you all the view and meet up with you. Cheers and enjoy your evening to the fullest. Random person. Oh my goodness. He gets us a spot and then he sends a super chat. What a guy. What a guy. Thank you so much, Chris. I really appreciate that. Very, very nice. Oh, Tiger Tail. I'm glad you enjoyed the um fireworks from the Contemporary. Excellent spot for sure. All right, I'm going to put you on BRB. Enjoy a couple minutes of BRB and then I'll be right back. Should be working now. No, my computer may hold up. My computer maybe restarted. Hi, Nanny Poo Bear. I got to get my BRB working again. All right, here's a tech tip for you. I don't usually do tech tips. That's Lionus. But I um learned a tech tip. So, if you guys used Google Chrome, which I know a lot of people do, and you're tired of that little Gemini button being up there, that's kind of in the way of what you could what you could fill with all the tabs, uh you can right click on it, or if you're on a MacBook, you can double tap, right click, double tap on that, um Gemini button, and there is an unpin and you can unpin it from your um actually unpin it from your top of your Chrome browser. So, there you go. There's your There's your tech tip. All right, be right back. Tomorrow, I love and these are two of the best tracks in the world for light speed. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Oh, [Music] heat, heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] I'm Laura B, your guide aboard this sky in the sky. You absolutely desperate to see you tomorrow. tomorrow. I'm glad you guys like the BRB. That was a good That was a good uh good picture. Very fun to take. And even though it was kind of a rainy night, that was really cool to get that beautiful reflection. Interalact. Thanks for being here tonight. After the stream, we'll send you back over to our other channel, Resort TV 24/7. And we have um a new feature on there where I I show you um the weight times of the different rides and stuff. I'm still working on it. I noticed on my Apple TV it uh cuts off part of the bottom of the screen. So on my uh computer it looks fine. On my phone it looks fine, but the Apple TV seems to cut off part of the screen. Anybody know? I did some googling. I couldn't fix it. Does anybody know how to fix that? Every TV I have, it seems like the Apple TV doesn't show the image all the way to the edge. It just it kind of cuts it off and zooms it in. And I'm like, it's set on, you know, it's it's they're all 1080p TVs. It's set on 1080p. So, I don't know why it would why it would cut off part of the screen. I don't get that. Either way, I've got uh the wait time scrolling on there and uh I'll keep adjusting it and working with it. I'm glad Nanny Poop. I'm glad you've been enjoying. I've got the Christmas one up, too. I'm going to post that on the main channel here, too. not as a live stream, but as like a 10-hour video with a couple extra songs in it and stuff so that people can see it if they're not subscribed to the 247. [Music] [Music] probably even sell the BRB as a print. Oh, nice. [Music] Seeing the weight times is cool. Uh, thanks Bit Roots. Yeah, if uh if your husband knows how to do it, that that would be great. I should ask chat TPT as well. Sometimes it's useful for a few things. No, that's not me on the saxophone. It's a Those are all uh YouTube audio library things because then I know the stream won't get taken down. So, I actually had the Disney Main Street USA music on there the very first time I tried to do it. And it actually wasn't even a copyright claim. It was going to take the stream down with the strike. So, um, I had to make sure we had copyright safe music on there because when it's on a live stream, if they can tell that like there's background noise, like there is now, they're cool with it. They know that you're, you know, not just streaming it straight up. But when you're streaming it straight up, you've got to make sure it's all above board. Yeah, I have a Christmas ambience stream and thank you for posting that classy Disney mom. Appreciate it. [Music] cut off the top, bottom, and sides of the image just a bit even though the resolution is set correctly. All right, let's see what chatbt says. It's almost always caused by TV overcan, not your Apple TV. Even if your TV is modern and your Apple TV resolution set correctly, many TVs still apply a small amount of overcan, zooming in the picture slightly and cutting out the edges. Look at your TV settings. [Music] Older broadcast system use overcan to hide broadcast junk at the edge of the picture. Many TVs still default to this. Oh, wow. Fun. Oh, there you go. Sounds like it might be a TV problem. Can anybody else, if you look at the 24/7 channel, can you guys actually see the um the wait times on there or does it cut off? Uh we just had the fireworks. [Music] You can rewind if you want. [Music] Cool shot. Thanks. [Music] [Music] They check on the TV. Okay. Yeah, let me know. It always works fine on a computer cuz computers aren't programmed with those settings. I see the white time looks fine on my Might just be my TV then cuz what I don't want to do is crank up the um the positioning of the line so that it's taking up more of the picture. Like I could just pull it up a little bit so it shows, but I don't really want to do that. Let me see the way it sounds on our LG. It might just be Samsung. [Music] [Music] No, look. [Music] She has to wait. [Music] Good. [Music] Says, "I see it on my living room." So, it might just be my TVs. We have older TVs. That might be the problem. So, it might be that Thanks, Bit Ritz. Yeah, I think it's an overcan issue. So, there you go. So, it just says we can change it to just scanning one to one. We'll see how that works. Times look great. Awesome. Somebody said that the red text was hard to read, so I just changed it all to um to white. White text over black. Let me see if I can show you guys while we wait here what's going on. We're almost ready. Here. [Music] Obviously, it's pretty hard to see on the phone, but there it is. If I flip it over, there you go. Look at that. [Music] Actually looks pretty good other than the fact that the uh the number is over my logo, but that's okay. Maybe I should just take the logo out. I don't know. I can put it on the other side. [Music] I'm glad. I'm glad you guys like it. I don't know. It just makes it more unique. It makes it change a little more. [Music] Everybody, go ahead and hit the like button. We're getting close to uh a thousand. Yay. [Music] We go Yes. [Music] Thank you. So, the down ramp is working, but hey, how are you? The down ramp is working, but not the uh the up. Let me break my rule and get a cookie and coke tonight. Orlando Gonzalez $50 super chat. Thanks for letting us see Chris. That was awesome of you. Oh my goodness. My pleasure. Wait, am I am I assuming you guys are related? Are you guys his parents? Maybe. Maybe I just completely got that wrong. But either way, thank you for the super chat and it was my pleasure. Chris is a good guy and I really super appreciated him. Uh will open helping me have a good spot to watch. That was awesome. Let me selfie real quick. Thank you so much, Orlando. I really appreciate that. Sorry, but that's very, very kind. Also, single cruise, which I may not even get to do tonight, so it's fine. [Music] I don't know what kind of rides we want to do. Let's see. The wait times take a while to update uh after after fireworks. They go up pretty quick and they do Pirates and Haunted. Do the parade and then call it a night for your safety. Thank you, Mom and Dad. That's awesome, Orlando. Well, hello to both of you and uh So cool. I'm glad I got to uh glad I got to let Chris say hi to you guys. He's super nice guy. And actually uh I said I recognized him right away. It's been my pleasure to meet him a few different times and he's always been super nice. For your safety, remain seated at all times, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please master just went to the mall. I haven't been in the mall for a while. Stay clear. The escalators broken there. When they turn those escalators off though, they just turn into stairs. That which makes it a little easier. All right. Here we go, guys. 24/7 works fine on YouTube. Okay, cool. Maybe we're okay. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all. [Music] This is the GTA blue line. Non-stop service around the Norway. Greetings intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the people mover presented by I'm Lauren B, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow and my stars is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity moverizers, please do not leave on board. Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Smart Traers. Transfer to Green and Red Line. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future right by two of my favorite spots. [Music] First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny borax. [Music] On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except actual stars. Those are no longer sold. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and draw light cycle love. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. How are you? Good. Attention travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. Please remain seated right immediately. Thank you. Thank you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] This is Starport 75 or as we locos call it space moon. Our highspeed rocket formed to distant deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral rooms of Fisy 7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Book today. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] around Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Maro, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Just deep space. Attention all visitors from Galaxy F31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Warner, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. [Music] The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. As usual, we'll keep looking ahead and so is the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. piano. [Music] [Music] Happy Heat. Heat. If you want high or nine, take the time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come full. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. conclude. This is always my favorite part because now is the time, now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow today. See you in the future. [Music] [Music] This is the GTA blue line service around [Music] the car. Thank you. Please keep arms, antenna, and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. At all times, please keep arms, antennas away from the doors and remain until they open automatically. Step off and exit by stepping away from the guard. Thank you. Please keep arms and titty and other [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Please, [Music] [Music] how you doing? Oh, you too. Where you from? Um, Palaca. Okay. Near Jacksonville. Oh, okay. Not too far away. About two hours. Okay. Awesome. You guys want to say hi on the live stream? Sure. Got McKenzie and family here. Oh, you're doing the college program, your button says. Very cool. Congrats. Thank you so much. Excellent. Well, you guys have a good evening. You too. Thank you. [Music] Wait times are pretty good. Let's go see what else we can do. Never fails though. Winnie the Pooh Man. One of the longest lines in the park every time. Very popular. Now we can do Pirates and Haunted though. They're like a walk-on basically, so that's good. Looks like the castle projections out too. Goofy Grandpa. Hello. They definitely move some people. I forgot they do the castle projection all evening cuz a lot of times they, you know, they take it down like during the regular season they have it the castle projectors turned off. So, it's nice that during the holidays they have them on. [Music] Hi, how are you? question. Yes. It ran all the way over. Oh, no. I know Jenna wanted the Mickey Santa Claus earrings. Yeah. Did she ever get them? That I don't know. How can I send you guys the I found a pair. Oh, did you? And my mom, he met a typhoon. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And I found it in a box that she had. Yeah. So I want her to have a That's so nice. Because you guys so much to Oh, thank you. She's actually watching right now. Oh, so nice. My brother and Do you want to say hi to him? Sure. Remind me your name. Jennifer. Jennifer. Yes. So, um, yeah. So, I think uh, so we have our PO box. It's PO Box 3008. Okay. Uh, Windimir, Florida. It's in the description of every video. Okay. So, you can do that. And if you want to confirm with her if she uh still needs them or what uh I mean, I'm sure she's appreciate them no matter what, but uh you can send us a message on Instagram. Okay. So, that's another way if you can. She checks those pretty regularly. So, no, thank you so much. I appreciate it. Hi, Mom. Hi, Hi, Mom. Love you guys. Oh, that's awesome. Unmute it. I'm gonna mute it real quick, guys. them. They're too big for me. Yeah, she would appreciate that for sure. I was like I knew she wanted them. So Oh, for sure. You too. Thank you. Sorry for the delay there. I remember I had talked to her about something else fairly relevant and uh I wanted to we we talked about something at Typhoon Lagoon when I first I had last met her. So I wanted to I wanted to ment you know wanted to go over it again and it was very nice to talk to her. So anyway, but thank you for being uh patient. I appreciate it. [Music] monitor right [Music] castle looks nice. [Music] I'll be put on your patient pants. Nice. That's always helpful. Feels weird that Saturday is not a party night. Well, usually Saturday at Magic Kingdom is not a party night, but it is at Hollywood Studios. Got a good picture here of the castle. [Music] Looks nice, doesn't it? That's funny, Robert. [Music] Let's get out of here. You see the projectors coming up. I do like this music. It's nice. I really really wish I could use this on my be on my uh Christmas live stream. I really do need to do some research and see if I can buy a license to this music somehow. I mean, we could literally use it every year. like even if it was even if it was like $1,000 or something, it would it would eventually pay for itself. And not only that, but it would just be nice to be able to use it. Not that I just have like $1,000 sitting around to blow, but you know, it'd be nice to save up for it or something. [Music] Let's go do Pirates, actually. [Music] I'm going to take the hot [Music] boyfriend. All right, guys. Hey, guys. You want to go to the hospital? [Music] face. You he already told me that. Do I make payments on the annual pass? No, we do save up for that and we just go ahead and buy it every year. We know about what time and you can save up for it and, you know, be ready for it. So, no, we don't do the monthlies on those. We stopped getting one for Steph, though, because she hasn't felt good enough to go. So, [Music] hopefully one of these days she can come back. Wonder if some of this in the public domain. Uh, most of it's owned by UMG. I don't think they would care if it was in the public domain. [Music] It might be though in in 10 years or so and I don't know is it 100 years or is it is it 75 I don't know what the what the 80 I don't know what the uh limit for that is by the great mill I remember a long time ago I was looking at eBay back in the day like a long a while ago and Mel Tormet's car was up for sale and it had some custom sound system in it. It was pretty cool. I don't remember what it was, but it was like some, you know, some big company like Boston Acoustics or, you know, Pulk Audio or one of those really big like audio companies had custom designed this this stereo system for his car, which was kind of cool. [Music] Oh, for sure. Sherry. Yeah, Steph's doing fine. Just struggling with the asthma and all the other fibromyalgia and all the other things, but she's she's doing okay. All things considered. [Music] Look at this. [Music] It's probably like [Music] Best day to do MK FS AK. I mean, you can look at um touring plans. They have some pretty good ideas on that. not sponsored, just, you know, they're a good website and stuff, but I will say um I will say um the one if you're if you come during party season, like Halloween or Christmas party season, one of the best times to come to the parks, especially Magic, is on a on a party day. Now, that only really works well if you have park hoppers or if you have a party ticket for that night, then it works even better. But um so you come to Magic in the morning, can leave before 5 or 6:00 and then you can you can literally just enjoy um the whole evening in the parks or the whole the whole morning in the parks with very low weight times. Trying to think of what else. Um you can go to I don't know if there's a certain day for Epcot. See like Tuesdays are kind of light for a boat for all the parks. Wednesdays. I have no idea for Animal Kingdom. Probably on the non extra magic hour evenings, if they even have them. So, yeah. Sorry, not not good on that one. Jenna is my sister. Steph is my wife. That's how we're all related. Jenna is my sister. So, if you see mom and dad on the streams, it's the same mom and dad for both Jenna and I. And Steph is my wife. And Dale is Jenna's husband. [Music] Hey, what do you need? Welcome my friends. Have fun. Thank you. [Music] probably [Music] [Music] Everybody [Music] sometimes I know sometimes [Music] when I get [Music] [Music] my immediate reaction [Music] of Uh, do you have a preference? I mean, one if I can have it if that's okay. Yeah. Thank you. John Piro. Uh, watching. Oh, watching national Christmas vacation. Nice. Always a good one. [Music] Hey, Evansville. Nice. Stay seated. Stay safe. Hi. Hi there crew. For your safety, remain seated, keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat. And watch your children. Please keep your hands and arms inside the boat at all times. Please keep your hands and arms inside the boat at all times. Verify. That means you. [Music] want to hang out there. It's dark. [Music] Please keep your hands inside. [Music] [Music] Keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside. [Music] Yes. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Now take [Music] [Music] [Music] this Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus Christ [Music] to the ground. They need a bit of persuasion. It's time. [Music] chicken. I am not very holiday. Quit your clock. The gentleman wants the wrong boy. Now you scurvy scout. Do I hear 10? A h for a 10. 10. I'll give you a candy for the rock. to see the local only keep my study matter for it's the treasure I pursu There is no mistake. Don't try to let the sky be here. Candy candy. [Music] [Music] I love [Music] twink. Where am I? Where am I? [Music] SP Yes. [Music] rest. Really bad. Drink up on your own. Drink up. Treasure enough. Must take this. [Music] Welcome back. [Music] The seas been kind today. You can tell what day is tomorrow's time. [Music] The faith has spoken and guided you well. Till we meet again. On your way now and tell the world you sincerely. All right, Alan. Yes, I saw the missed reference. My st the old computer game. Very good. Yeah, I don't like them. Sorry. Size good. Let's go see what the line for pirates looks like. They're pirates. We just do that. I meant um wanted says 15. Parades at 10:30. So, we should be able to see the parade in Frontier Land or Liberty Square after we do Pirates maybe. [Music] Yes, there was a Davy Jones projection um in the mist right in the cave by the waterfalls. They put this whole rock structure up there that blocked my favorite part, which is those waterfalls. They're so pretty. They're still on. You can see them, but it's blocked by that big structure for the projector and the mist, which doesn't exist anymore. So, that was fun. I'm not really sure why they took that out. Also, the projector um the projections on the last part of Main Street haven't worked for several months, so I don't know what's up with that either. Maybe they don't have maybe there's no way to like get the projector bulbs they need or something. I have no idea. I'm sure there's a good reason. I just don't know what it is. [Music] Oh, yeah. It is Davy Jones and Blackbeard. Yeah, you're right. You're right. And then there's some of the um the weird thing is the narration at the end used to be Davy Jones and and Blackbeard alternate alternating as well as you go up the ramp. A thanks Miami Coffee. Yep. That's very nice. They haven't said when Big Thunder opens. It's supposed to open, you know, at the beginning of the year. It's supposed to It was supposed to be closed for a year. So So yeah, we'll see. Um they they might I kind of heard they might open it early. So I That would be super cool. Looks like there's a lot of room here for pre viewing. I think I am going to go do a haunted though. So [Music] Uh, Jenna has a video at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow morning. Yes. So, let me see what what kind of video it is. I think she told me. Oh, the pop-up shop. Yes. I'm telling them now. Period. Is that the pop-up shop? I think it's the Disney Springs pop-up shop. the brand new thing that opened Friday morning. So, that'll she has a video for that that'll go up at 9:00 tomorrow morning. Eventually, I will also have my second day of the cruise video, but I haven't had any time to edit it today tomorrow. So, it'll go up whenever it goes up. Thanks for being patient. But Jenna's video will go up tomorrow morning at 9:00 about the uh Disney Springs pop-up shop that was brand new. Blind box. blind box shop where you buy something and like you know it's a like a box where you don't really know what's in it. It's kind of like a surprise. Not kind of, it is a surprise. [Music] So there's her video for that is going up tomorrow at 9:00 on the main channel here, Resort TV1. So be on the lookout for that. [Music] Water here. [Music] She gashed us out and then she [Music] got that scenery there for the uh picture. I forgot we didn't go by this way last time, but there's a um last night I guess it was. Can't believe we were here last night doing Christmas party. Seems like a long time ago. Anyway, they had a a photo spot back there. Cruise was great. Oh, yeah. The cruise was more than an overall positive experience. It was an amazing experience. Um, and here's the other thing. When I give a review on it, obviously I'm reviewing a media preview cruise, so it's not quite like the same experience that you would have on a regular sailing. And, and I don't mean that in a bad way at all. It's just, you know, there's there's things that they have planned so that we can cover it well, right? Like they have like, you know, media events and different interviews and things scheduled so that we can tell the story of the ship more more authentically. Um, and it was it just would be different than what a normal guest would experience, you know. So, I do want to I do want to sail on the ship as a as a regular park guest or as a regular Disney cruise guest um at some point. But the the cruise was amazing. So, the cool thing is evaluating the ship itself though, like you know, when you're on the ship, you can see what a standard guest would would experience. And yeah, loved it. It's a beautiful ship. The entertainment offerings are great. Hercules, the Lion King, amazing, amazing, amazing. Um, and uh, even the character meet and greets and little pop-ups and stuff and like Loki just appearing in the Grand Hall and there's just so much cool stuff. So, super highly recommended. And the cool thing is just like any Disney cruise, you can like just relax and chill and enjoy cruise life, you know, and go to the island and all the things or you can really participate in all the character stuff, too. So, it's really your choice how you want to experience it. Wow, this is 100% a walk on here. What are they doing up here? Oh, maybe this is because of the construction. You could transfer says Tim seemed to enjoy it. I'm sure I'm sure they did. They went on a different sailing than we did. But yeah, I'm sure they had a good time, too. It was really, really great trip. Really great cruise ship. Oh, yeah. I always feel safe on the ships. I mean, you've got, you know, you've got fantastic captain, great crew. Safety's first. Safety is the first priority always on a on a for anything Disney does, but on a Disney the shift especially. It's all Loki on Tim's video. So cool. Yeah, it was on my uh on my vlog as well. I did put up my first vlog, so hopefully I know the algorithm kind of didn't share it out to everybody, but um if you missed it, please go back and watch it. My first imbarcation day video was uh was awesome. So when strange sounds echo through your homeless [Music] practicing [Music] practice [Music] That's diabolic. That's [Music] Yeah, lucky. I look all the way up there. Why? Welcome foolish mortals to the haunted mansion. I am your host, your ghost host. Our tour begins here in this gallery. Here will you see paintings of some of our guests as they appeared in their corruptible mortal state. Kindly step all the way in, please, and make room for everyone. There's no turning back now. Step away from the walls and gather tightly into the dead center of the room. Oh, hey Chris. It's good to see you. Chris Morris. Hello. Your cadamorous power betrays an aura of foroding almost as though you sense a disquing metamorphosis. Is this haunted room actually stretching or is it your imagination? H And consider this dismaying observation. This chamber has no windows and no doors, [Music] which offers you this chilling challenge to find a way out. Of course, there's always my way. [Music] Oh, I didn't mean to frighten you prematurely. Look, we'll continue on. What's that? Yes. She's nervous to say hi. No, you're totally fine. totally fine. Nice uh nice chill night in the mansion, though. Not too busy, so that's good. Yeah. What's your name? I'm Kirsten. This is my Nice to meet you. Where you guys Where you guys from? Um George, we just came in from home. Oh, nice. Thanksgiving break. Nice. Yep. Same. I'm a teacher, so we get a whole week off as well, which is nice. I taught in Indiana and we only got two days and I'm like that's not even worth it. But no, it's we get the whole week now in Florida. So yeah, Chris um Chris was nice enough when I you saw Chris says, "Good meeting on board. Glad you slipped onto our bus from the hotel." Yeah. So I had gone to the restroom when um my bus left for the for the port from the hotel. It wasn't even that far. But um it just, you know, I just happened to go to the bathroom at the wrong time and Chris was was u helpful in telling me that he thought my bus had already gone, but I was able to ride their bus. [Music] There we go. [Music] [Music] He really is kind of chilling here right now. I love it. Attention to the mortals who just walked in. So everyone there are two or three bodies per buggy. Once again, two or three bodies per buggy. Make your final arrangements now. Continue filling in all dead space while chain. You guys are no longer in line. Once again, continue filling in all dead space. [Music] Well, it's nice to meet you and thanks for watching. I appreciate it. You guys enjoy your uh your trip and your break. It's nice. That's the way we're actually uh we couldn't get reservations on Thanksgiving Day, but since we live here, it doesn't really matter. So, we we did reservations for the family on Wednesday. So, we're going to California. Okay. We're going to do um the the Garden Grill, the turning restaurant in the land. So, we always love that. And so, we're going to that'll be our Thanksgiving dinner. So, Yeah. [Music] Yeah. It's been a while since we've eaten there, too. So, it'll be nice to go back in there and mom and Jenna don't have to cook to take you into the boundless realm of the supernatural. Once you remain safely seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside. Wow. You never see that room looking like that. How fun. [Music] Thank you. Have fun. Do not pull down on the safety bar, please. I will lower it for you. And heed this warning. The spirits will materialize only if you remain quietly seated at all times. Oh yes, and no flash pictures, please. Oh yes, we spirits are frightfully sensitive to bright lights. Our [Music] library is well stocked with priceless first editions, only ghost stories, of course, and marvel busts of the greatest ghost writers the literary world has ever known. They have all tied here to the haunted mansion. Actually, we have 999 happy haunts here, but there's room for a thousand. Any volunteers? [Music] If you should decide to join us, final arrangements may be made at the end of the [Music] Finally, unlivable here in this house. Every room has wall to wall and hot and cold running children. Listen. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Wizards and witches, wherever you were, give us a hint by ringing the bell. [Music] Serpents and spiders. Tail of a rat. Call in the spirits wherever they're at. Wrap on a table. It's time to respond. Send us a message from somewhere beyond. The happy horns have received your sympathetic vibrations and are beginning to materialize. They're assembling a swing wake and they'll be expecting me. I'll see you all. [Music] I got [Music] I promise. [Music] I do. I did in sickness and in [Music] [Music] Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. works of every size SW. [Music] My greatest [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. A [Music] serious heat. There's a guy who beware of which you go. They have selected you to fill out you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Now I will raise the safety bar and a ghost will follow you home. Watch yourself. [Music] Watch yourself at the end. [Music] [Music] See if we can find a spot for the parade. We'll see. I don't know if it's gotten here yet or not. It kind of sounds like it has. Say hi to Mr. Toad up there. I might be able to walk down and catch up with the front of it. What is that? Yeah, that's it. Okay, cool. That's the beginning. Sweet. Okay. [Music] Perfect timing. Good evening, dear friends. Come with me on a magical journey kissed by a star. [Music] By virtue of stalwart and all that is good, may each and every one of your dreams come true. You do as dreamers do and wish upon a star. [Music] [Music] There's your pedals. Let's see if I can find a spot. Oh my gosh, there's so much room. This is a great spot right here. [Music] Welcome on this journey through the stars where anything is possible and your most cherished dreams come true. [Music] This is why hello there. Come with me and dream the night away. Stars are so inspiring. When we appear, be brave, true, and selfless, and all your wishes may come true. Star [Music] Wo wo. We all deserve to have our wishes. They belong to us and they are beautiful. We are stars. [Music] Nighttime is the best time to dream. Don't you think? It feels like we can touch the stars. [Applause] Do you think she wants you? Heat. Heat. It's made of starlight. Can you see too? I see a family and then you're embracing a place. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat [Music] [Applause] up here. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Heat [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] up here. [Music] [Music] Heat [Music] up here. Heat [Music] [Music] up [Applause] here. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Wow, it's like they jumped off of a tree. Think we got this. We did it. We saved you from India. I can't wait to tell Mama about our adventure. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat up here. Oh, [Music] [Music] [Music] heat, heat. We Where am I? Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] So we have everything. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hopefully the train ride through the stars with all our friends. It's like we're on a shooting star. [Music] There's so many stars to wish about everybody wishing [Music] just My gosh. [Music] What? It's a dream to be up here among the stars. It's a wish. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] I don't want to talk to you. How you fine? Hurry up, Chad. Nice to meet you. Yeah, we watch you all the time. Ran into the Disneyland like a year or two years ago. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Nice. That's awesome. You guys having fun? Yeah. Yep. It was our first time. Oh, awesome. So fun. That's very cool. That was nice. Nice to see you guys again. Enjoy the rest of your trip. Bye, guys. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Oh, that ending is so good. Look, you can hear it again. You can you can just follow the parade and keep hearing it. You can see Thunder Mountain over there, by the way. Looks like there's some lights on the top of it. I know we had some super chats here I need to need to thank people for. [Music] Like, what a great like ending to a to a show. [Music] [Music] Hey, Nancy says, "Thanks, Uncle Josh. You made my night." That's awesome. Wait, I'm uncle now. That's nice. Hey, Darin. Yeah, it's so good. So, so good. All right, so let me check on my super chats here. I'm so sorry if I missed some. Uh, Robert Brown, there we go. Robert Brown, just got home. 499. Just got home from the airport after a week at Disney. Sorry we missed you over the week. Oh, no worries, Robert. Well, thank you for uh thank you for saying hi and thank you for the super chat, though. And and um hope you had a great a great time. So, we're going to head out. Uh, but I hope you guys have enjoyed the stream so far and I'm going to go get myself a cookie and a Coke and head home. So, thanks for watching everybody. One thing I do want to do really quick is thank some of our awesome sponsors. And I forgot to do that throughout the night, but we'll get there. Um, so first of all, we have wait time, wait time signs, wait time TV, wait time displays, all the wait time things. Um, so if you want to have that playing in your house all the time, you got wait time TV uh and wait time displays. Those are are two awesome products and they have uh really good discounts going on right now. So, you can definitely check that out if you want. Um, but let me let me load it up here real quick and I'll I'll show you what these products are about. So, here we go. All right. So, I'm just going to just going to play these little uh little videos to show you what weight time signs and wait time displays are all about. Be right back. [Music] Exactly. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] All right. Anyway, thanks for being here everybody. Um, so yeah, Waitime TV, Wait Time display. You can check them out. Just go to um weightsigns.com and use code resort 15 for 15% off. Don't forget to use that code. Weightsigns.com code resort 15 for 15% off. So, thank you so much Weightsigns for sponsoring our streams. We appreciate it. Uh we also have Park Snacker if you want to find out about and keep track of all the best snacks here at Walt Disney World, especially when you're coming down here on your next trip. Uh you can make sure you don't miss any of the best snacks. It's parknacker.com. Again, that's parknacker.com. You can also just go to Parknacker and and search for that on the app store. Just go to the app store. It's only on iOS for now, but Android's coming soon. So just go to the app store, search for Parknacker. It's a free app. Download it. Check it out. And you can um you can keep track of all the apps. Not all the apps, sorry. Keep track of all the snacks in the parks. Make your list of what you want to try next time and just where things are, what restaurants they're in, what stores, all that kind of thing. So, go check it out. Park Snacker. We also have Dream Table. Dreamtable's an amazing app that lets you snag the best reservations with the least effort possible. Uh you can you can go to the app store and search for Dreamtable or you can go to dreamtable.co. co not.com but.co. dreamtable.co is their website, but you also just can search it up on the app store. Dreamtable and um it's a great app. Basically, you put in your reservation, what you want. You put in like the date, the time, the party size, what you know what activity or restaurant you want to see. They'll even do it even does experiences like Bibbidity Bobby Boutique and uh tours and all kinds of things. So, anything you need a reservation for, it'll do. And all it does is it searches for an opening in that u reservation system and then it will actually u notify you when there's a reservation available. Then you go on the app and you make the reservation. So it doesn't like automatically do it. You don't have to worry about it like making tons of extra reservations for you. It just tells you when there's one open and then you make the call whether you want to book it or not. So it's all and it's all totally um it's all totally fine according to Disney rules and stuff cuz you're still using the official Disney app to make the reservations. This app is just telling you when something is open. So, it's pretty cool. Um, also, what else do we have? Uh, Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified. Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified. Go to Amazon and search for Behind the Ride or search for Disney Demystified to learn more about your favorite rides and attractions here at Walt Disney World. Uh, we also have the uh Davis DBC Rentals. dbcrequest.com/tv if you want to book a DBC room for a fraction of the cost. So, unfortunately, that room up there in the castle is not a DBC room. Uh, you can't book that one, but you can book any other DVC room uh here at Walt Disney World, Disneyland, or any of the DVC resorts. Just go to DavisdBC Rentals, dbcrequest.com/tv. And thank you so much to them for sponsoring us. So, and thank you all of you for listening to the sponsors. I kind of crammed them in at the end cuz I don't know, I've just been out of it, I guess. Uh, we also have our um resort hopper members. Appreciate that. But we appreciate our moppers for mopping and keeping the chat clean all the time. We appreciate our resort hoppers for staying here and staying with us all the time. Uh and we also appreciate um our Patreon members, everybody who supports us on Patreon. We appreciate you as well. Um, but we have platinum members who support us with $50 a month, which is just really, really generous on YouTube and we do shout them out every video. Every, not every video, sorry, every live stream. And um, so that starts out with Amy Moore, Grey Rose Adventures, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Go Mini, Dian 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer, Mickey, William Lilly, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, The Amazing Jaylen Moxley, Cicander Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Ha, Ali Burismo, and Alan J. Thank you everybody for watching. Definitely helped me after a tough day. So, I'm glad that we got to spend some time together. And sorry if I was a little quiet, but you know, sometimes it's good to just enjoy and soak in the park. And if I don't have a lot to say, then I'll just be quiet. So, I'm glad you guys could enjoy the stream hopefully regardless. But yeah, thanks for watching. We'll walk down Main Street to see the Christmas tree one more time. beautiful Main Street at Christmas and then we'll say good night. [Music] So long farewell Alerson goodbye. [Music] I love the gas powered vacuums. Those are the best. They used to have those before um used to have those after Spectro Magic. It's a really great way to clean up after a that's a parade or something. A great way to pick up all that popcorn for sure. It used to be red if you guys remember that. [Music] Thank you. Says good night and get Josh. Get home safely. I will. Thank you Deborah. Thank you Janet. Thank you classy Disney mom Ally. Appreciate you. appreciate all you guys watching. We're going to send you over to the uh 24/7 channel. I know a lot of people went to bed and things. Um but I do appreciate you guys staying with me till the end because you know you stayed with me. So now you get to see the uh incredible Main Street at Christmas. [Music] Oh, there's 999 in the stream. Room for a thousand. You know the drill. You don't even need a death certificate. Just need to load up the stream. Mr. Master. Oh, you enjoyed the parade. I'm so glad. [Music] [Music] Thanks, Alan. It was a fun one. See, we have about 15 minutes left for Starbucks. So, should be able to make it back and grab my cookie and coke and then we'll I'm going to head back to Epcot. But, I'm going to I'm going to say good night to you guys before that because I um don't think, you know, I guess taking the taking the bus back to Epcot not super interesting and that'll give me time to to rest a little bit. So hopefully not fall asleep. I forgot about this over here. This window. We showed it once, but if you missed it, this is super cool. You got this uh train in the window here. That's a new That's a new display. Audio during the parade. Top notch. Oh, so glad to hear that. Good, good, good. Somebody was asking me last night um about if we could use mics, the wireless mics for Jenna and I because they can't hear Jenna sometimes. And I said the only reason we don't do that is because it it makes the audio in the shows and parades and fireworks not as good. And so um that's why we continue to just use the mics on the phone. And we're going to I think we're going to stay with that. But you know, we'll keep watching. If new stuff comes out that's better, then we'll we'll uh we'll go with that. Maybe one of these days there'll be a system where you have like um the lapel mics and then like some kind of a a mic that kind of is more stereo that you can switch back and forth between. That'd be amazing. All of it hooked up to the same system. It's possible. It's just nobody nobody makes that yet. So beautiful. It does look like when you look at the tree, it looks like there's more blue lights. Uh even on the stream, but especially even in person, it's it's actually interesting. The blue is brighter on the LED for whatever reason. All right, friends. That's a wrap from the Magic Kingdom. Thanks for watching. P ah Ruth. Yeah. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. [Music] So, we'll see you guys soon. I'll probably be live on Tuesday. I am off this week, so that'll be nice. But I'm not doing like really any extra streams. So, we've got a lot of catching up to do, appointments, things like that that we're going to be doing. And just, you know, just hanging out, spending time with family and friends, so that's going to be fun as well. But yeah, we'll see you very soon, probably Tuesday. And Jenna will probably be live Monday. So, that's the way it's the way it'll go. Uh, let's see. All right. So, thanks for watching. We will see you very, very soon. Um, and thank you moppers again. Thanks everybody for helping me get through a little bit of a tough day. It's awesome. It's appreciated. This certainly Christmas vibes on Main Street doesn't hurt anything. So very magical here at night. All right, everybody. We'll see you next time. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. [Music] I love it. I like mama [Music] there. I see right under the Christmas tree. [Music] What happened?
