---
video_id: 5p0ajT0tvBs
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Friday Night Live Stream Announcement - 12-5-25 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2025-12-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5p0ajT0tvBs
---
Guess what day it is? That's right. It's Friday Night Live. And tonight, super excited to be going to Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party again. It's going to be so much fun. I cannot wait. It's literally my favorite party of the year. I love Halloween, but Christmas parties are my favorite. I love the cookies, the hot chocolate, and all the sights and sounds and beautiful Christmas music. So, I cannot wait to have you all join me tonight at 6:00 p.m. Eastern time for Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party at the Magic Kingdom. It's going to be awesome. Now, unfortunately, Jenna can't join me tonight. She wasn't able to get a ticket for this. We bought our tickets at different times and the tickets sold out really fast this year. So, that's good for Disney, just uh not as good for us when we couldn't buy our tickets at the same time. So, the good news for you guys is that you're going to get two parties instead of just one. So, Jenna was able to buy her ticket for a different day and we'll announce that later. So, we'll get tonight's party at 6 PM Eastern time at the Magic Kingdom and then Jenna will have one here in a week or two. So, uh even though we won't be able to be together, we'll be able to share two different Christmas parties with you when it would have just been one. So, that's a good thing for uh for all of you and for the channel. So, we're excited to share both of those with you. But tonight, again, 600 p.m. Eastern time at the Magic Kingdom for Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party. It's going to be awesome. Uh, I'm going to try and bring my GoPro so we can do Space Mountain. So, that'll be a lot of fun, too. And that way, uh, you'll get to see that and it won't have to be on like on the BRB or anything like that. It'll be actually live as long as it works. So, anyway, um, that'll be super fun. And of course, we'll watch the parade and the fireworks and all the things. And it's just going to be an amazing time of holiday fun and frivolity. Is that a good word? I don't know. Either way, it's going to be awesome. And we'll see you tonight at 6:00 p.m. Eastern time at the Christmas party. Uh, also for Saturday, I will be live Saturday evening around 6, probably back at the Magic Kingdom just to show Starlight and Happily Ever After since, you know, we don't get to see those as much during the holidays with all the Christmas parties. And not that we're complaining, we love the parties, but it'll be cool to see Happily Ever After and Starlight again. So, I'll let you know if the plan changes. Maybe we'll shift to Epcot, but I'm pretty sure going to go to Magic again to do more of a regular evening at Magic on Saturday for Saturday Night Live on Resort TV1 here. So definitely uh be sure to come on and check out all of the streams and join the chat and say hello. We appreciate it and we love it when you guys come into the chat and say hello and uh be part of the stream. So anyway, we'll see you tonight at 600 p.m. Eastern time. Definitely be sure to check out all of our awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below. We've got mickeyras.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning advice. Just go to mickeytrasg.com if you want to book your next trip to Walt Disney World. That's mickeytras.com and mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. We also have resortv1homes.com if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida. That's resorthomes.com. Go check us out if you want to find that dream home here in Central Florida. We're brokered by EXP Realy. Uh we also have David's DVC rentals. If you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, just go to david's DVC rentals at dvcrequest.com/tv. That's dvcreest.com/tv. We also have Behind the Ride on Amazon if you want to find out how all your favorite rides were created and also Disney demystified on Amazon. Go search for both of those awesome books. Uh we also have layer 1 technology support at layer onetone techchnology.com if you have uh it needs for your small or medium-siz business. We have dreamtable.co uh just in case you'd like to book a hard to find reservation or any reservation here uh at Walt Disney World or Disneyland. Uh Dreamtable will help you with that. It's an amazing app. Just go to the app store and search for Dreamtable. We also, of course, have waittime signs and waittime displays. Go check them out at weightsigns.com and use code resort 15 for 15% off. So, thanks everybody. We'll see you tonight at 600 p.m. Eastern time for all of the fun at the Magic Kingdom for Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. [Music]
