---
video_id: LAG2w6uILZU
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Epcot's Nine Dragons Restaurant Review - Candlelight Dining Package - Walt Disney World"
published: 2025-12-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAG2w6uILZU
---
Hey everybody, it's Josh with Resort TV1 and I am here at Epcot in China and I'm going to try out the Nine Dragons restaurant right behind me for the first time in a while as part of the Epcot candlelight processional dinner package. So you give you a little review and let you know what you can expect. So let's get started. So, the Nine Dragons restaurant is here on the left hand side just before you get to the store and it's just to the left of the Circle Vision entrance for the Reflections of China film. So, there is the entrance right there. And here's the menu. At least some highlights of it. You can see it's really nicely decorated in here. Very beautiful. and decorated for Christmas. Very nice. Another look at the dining room. Some little wreaths over there. Very pretty restaurant. Something you walk by all the time and don't really know what's inside. Going to my table. I love the decoration. It's just such a neat place. Here's a look at the menu. Really wide variety of things and pricing is pretty reasonable for a table service at Epcot. Several entre. And then here's the kids menu because that's important if you're traveling with the little ones. And on the back there's a drink menu. And some specialty cocktails. And here's the star of the show, the dessert menu. Ube cheesecake. Ooh, that sounds good. Mango pudding. Wow. Yeah. So, there you go. So, just for reference, the candlelight package comes with one entree, uh, one of the cocktail drinks or wines or any of those things, and one dessert. But appetizers are separate. So that's just FYI. It's about $65 for the whole package. So there you go. So I got the dragon fruit frozen drink here. Always wondered about dragon fruit. So we're going to give it a shot. All right. Here we go. Really good. It's not sweet. It's just perfect. It's very smooth. So it's hard to describe the flavor. Maybe almost like a cross between a blackberry and a raspberry a little bit. So, it's pretty good. All right, here is the Canton pepper beef stir fry. Looks amazing. Smells good, too. And of course, some rice. There's like three, so it's a little easier for me to get the view this way. I didn't bring my tripod, but it's really, really good. It's got a good flavor. It's not too spicy. You can definitely taste the uh the pepper, but it's not too strong. Just about right. The beef has a good flavor. It's a good cross between uh you not enough flavor and uh too much. It's not not over they're not overbearing just uh just right. So really good. Also the beef is nice and tender and the vegetables are fresh and crisp. So yeah, overall really good. Sometimes when you get this kind of a dish, the beef is chewy and hard to eat, but this is it's a good moisture and um definitely um tender as uh as much as you'd like. So yeah, overall very good. So dinner was amazing and u really enjoyed the uh Canton pepper beef surf So dinner was amazing. Really enjoyed the Canton pepper beef stir fry. It was awesome and I wasn't able to finish it all but uh really really good and um just uh really well made. So now time for dessert. And for dessert I got the dragon dream delight. I got a strawberry ice cream. Not a fan of the uh ube with the sweet potato and everything. So I just went ahead and got the strawberry. ube is a uh an option if you want. So, and you can also do a swirl. You got a little fortune cookie on the top, too. Look, it's a face. It's a dragon. I love that. And my fortune. Today, it's up to you to create the peacefulness you long for. Wow. Deep. Your next Chinese meal will bring you more cookies. The ice cream uh is really good. I just tried it, but uh it's got very smooth flavor. Very similar. The dragon fruit is an interesting fruit. It's not a super sweet fruit, but it's a really just kind of a very unique flavor. Just like the fruit itself looks unique and uh the name is unique. Everything about it. So yeah, it's really it is like a berry flavor, but it's not as pronounced as like a strawberry or a raspberry or blueberry or something like that. So either way, really good. And I got my allimp important ticket for the candlelight processional dated today for 5:00 p.m. So I'll do that on the stream tonight. Back outside. That was a really great experience. The food was good, the service was great, very fast. I forgot to mention my entree came very quickly after I ordered. Uh it was less than 5 minutes after I ordered the entree was there. So that was really impressive as well. And uh again, very attentive service, you know, right away when I um put the credit card in the uh the bill sleeve thing, it was um the waitress was right there to take it. It was just really a very well done, very well-run restaurant. So I was very impressed. It's obviously beautiful. It's beautiful here in China. uh with the uh the temple of heaven, I believe it's what it's called. It's like a replica of that behind me. Uh but either way, it's uh great. I've got my candlelight sticker and uh highly recommended whether you eat here for a regular dining experience or whether you uh eat here for part of the candlelight dining package. Um you know, there's also other dining packages you can do too as well. You know, with any of the uh Eat to the Beat concerts and any of the other concert series throughout the year, you can eat here as part of those as well. So, I hope that you uh enjoyed this video. I hope it was u informative for you and uh definitely thank you for watching and u good job to the Nine Dragons restaurant. This was a very good experience. So uh anyway, we'll see you next time. All right everybody. So for now have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
