---
video_id: 7kTfB2dxsQc
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Tranquil Tuesday - Christmas at Wilderness Lodge & Magic Kingdom Resorts - Walt Disney World."
published: 2025-12-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kTfB2dxsQc
---
Younger beings, stay clear of the doors which will open and close on last night. Enjoy your journey. [Music] platform, then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around Tomorrowland. [Music] Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Morak 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow. In my stars, is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in tomorrow. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. Thank you. [Music] The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders. Transfer to green and red lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future right by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny rack. [Music] On your right is Star Traers, home to the greatest movie in the galaxy, except action stars. No boners. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of late speedy competition. Attention all visitors from Galaxy F31. Please keep forward facing clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. I turn the lights off. This is 75 or as we locally call it space, our highspeed rocket board to distant deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you like the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The glow moons of Pisces 7. Use H2O to yourself today. Did they say [Music] it's kind of like this? Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. paging. Mr. Marorrow, Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward- facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above tomorrow for a spin amongst the The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. As usual, we'll keep moving ahead. And so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. that way. Next building. [Music] [Music] [Music] I can't hear you. He is, but they got it clear. You can't see. [Music] I like all of you. [Music] Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come full orbit. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're concluding, this is always my favorite book. Now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. Today. See you in the future. [Music] [Music] [Music] Please and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and feet and upper bandages away from the doors and until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the guard. Thank you. Please keep arms and titties and other away from the doors and seats until they open. Step on the moving platform. [Music] Hey everybody, it's Joshua with Resort TV1 and I'm live here at the Magic Kingdom for a little bit of surprise before we head over to Wilderness Lodge. But thanks for joining me and um welcome to the stream. We're going to check out decorations at World not World Showcase, Wilderness Lodge and uh we're also going to go around the Magic Kingdom Resorts, maybe take a boat around the area. So definitely uh stay tuned for a lot of fun and a lot of holiday cheers. So let's get started. I switched the camera and the little uh windscreen was on the way. Whoopsie. But that's all right. [Music] Okay. So, obviously the party's starting, so I can't stay very long. In fact, it's 6:00, so I'm going to go. But I ate dinner here cuz I parked the TTC like I always do when we're doing these resort hopping extravaganzas. And I thought, you know what? I think I'd like to eat at Magic Kingdom. And I got done before 6:00, so I was like, let's go do the people mover. I think it worked out quite well. All right. So, good evening everybody. Welcome. Oh, we get to walk Main Street with all the Christmas decorations and then we'll head over to Wilderness Lodge. We'll take the boat. So, I hope you guys are ready for some fun. Wilderness is, of course, one of my favorite resorts, and I know a lot of you guys feel the same way. They've got a beautiful tree in the lobby, and I can't wait to see it this year. Thanks, Jay. Hey, Carbox. Ultra cool J RJ. Hello. Snacking on some Bies pecans. Nice. Can't go wrong with that. All right. go this way to make it a little more festive. We'll get a good look at the castle and then we'll head out. Actually, let's see. Yeah, we'll just head out. We didn't stop on TT. It could be a good night. There you go. [Music] All right. Welcome in everybody. Yes, we're doing the golf cart stream for Fort Wilderness on uh December the 22nd. So stay tuned for that. That'll be super fun. [Music] [Music] This was too. [Music] [Music] Okay, I'll take on the sights and sounds of Main Street before we go. We could technically go watch Frozen Holiday Wish, but uh Frozen Holiday Surprise, but we'll save that for our next Christmas party, which is coming up soon. Hey, Mara. Yeah, welcome. Is the season to be busy for sure. Hey, Christopher. [Music] I squat a snow day today. I guess you don't get too many of those in Florida. No, we get hurricane days instead. Yep, we sure do. not not often and none this year. But uh you know I uh we obviously hurricane days we don't really want because that means you know even if it's not us that means there's some damage somewhere and we certainly don't want that but usually snowstorms can pass without too many serious issues. So yeah, I remember those snow days. Always so pleasant to uh think that you were getting up for work and then uh get that call in the morning and roll right over and go back to sleep. That was pretty awesome. Sometimes you couldn't, but a lot of times I could. A lot of times they call me right about the time I needed to get up and I was able to just go right back to sleep. [Music] Georgia gets ice days. Yeah, ice is more dangerous than snow, arguably. I mean, snow when it turns into ice, but yeah, ice is you get those ice. Um, hey, how are you? Ice um, sorry. You get those sleep and things. Sometimes you can't even walk down the sidewalk, which is crazy. I I remember uh the weather people telling us or the news people telling us, "Hey, if you can't walk down the sidewalk, it's probably not safe to drive your car." I'm like, "That's good advice." They're just telling people to stay home. You know, a lot of those big ice storms. Let's see. Yeah, we are a little tilty today, but I can fix that. Let's see. Let's go this way. There we go. I just need to calibrate. I need to recalibrate the gimbal. It gets discombobulated sometimes. Oh, Christopher. Yeah, sorry to hear that. Working from home, unless the power is out, you're working. But I would think here, let me fix There we go. I would think that working from home is a benefit in and of itself for the most part, but it'd be nice to uh be able to just commute from your bed to the desk. Hey, Phil. Hey, Eli. That's awesome. [Music] Oh, wow. Brad, yep, you got to be careful for sure. Freezing rain is no joke. Anyway, glad you guys are here tonight. Thank you for being here and thank you for joining us for this stream. I don't want to stay too long cuz I don't have a ton of time since I do work tomorrow. So, I won't be going I won't be going all the way through the fireworks tonight, but that's okay. Last Tuesday I did as I was off the next day. But, uh I'm pretty tired tonight. [Music] In order to view the board experience tonight's presentation, the lighting around Cinderella Castle will be introduced. For your own safety and safety of others, we ask that you remain in a safe location until the logging returns to normal. Can you Oh, can we switch weather cuz Chicago's gotten cold? Yeah, for sure. Tree looks awesome. I feel like we're we're in traffic here. All right. [Music] Hey, David. Yeah. Hope you're hope you're okay. I must have missed it. Or was that something you told me about the other day? Uh, okay. Michelle King received her bronze renew her bronze membership. Thank you, Michelle. Appreciate that very much. Uh, okay. Oh, David, you almost hit a tree. Oh my goodness. Yikes. Sorry to hear that. I'm glad that you didn't hit the tree. That would have been way worse. But I'm glad uh glad you're okay. But yeah, never fun to do that kind of stuff because you're you always get shaken up by it for sure. I remember even driving in Florida. We were driving down US 27, which is a pretty busy and notoriously dangerous road. It's a sixlane free sixlane uh divided sorry six lane um highway but it's it's it's weird. It's like it's it's not like interstate. I don't know how you say that. It's it's not full access, but it is um pretty full access. So anyway, somebody came across the median and then uh and hit the car right behind me and I had to pull over. I was so shaken up cuz it happened so fast and I was like, "Oh my gosh, that could have been me if I was just literally in the other place." But anyway, Scrooge Christmas Carol. Love these windows. I watched your new holiday 12-hour stream. Absolutely love it. Hope you leave it up for a long time. Thank you, Michelle. Uh yeah, it took a long time for sure. Uh I actually have a live version of that on the um Resort TV 24/7. So, I'll eventually take the 24/7 one down at least for the season. But yeah, the the the the one that I put on the channel. Let me fix this. Now, the one that I put on the channel is is uh Love the show. Oh, thank you. Appreciate that. We watch all Oh, awesome. Oh, yeah. My pleasure. What's your name? James. Nice to meet you, James. A fellow. Nice. I know. I said with I went to IU when they won one or two football games. Yeah. And I I really need to grab like all my IU gear and start wearing it again. So cool. So, thank you. Of course. All right. Nice to meet you guys and thanks for watching. Marie says, "I'm in Arkansas and I love living in at uh in Disney through your post." Nice. Anyway, the 24/7 channel that will stay up. Um but it has the relaxing stroll thing will stay up. The Christmas one will come down eventually after the holidays. But um what I was going to say is the video I just posted this weekend on the um on the main channel here, Resort TV1, it'll it'll stay. It'll I won't take it down. So hopefully people will watch it next year, too. But anyway, I love this. And somewhere in here is Mr. Toad. Here we go. Mr. Toad. Look, there he is. Mr. Toadum. [Music] Good old Olaf the Holoy Happy Lids. I know. And here we have the Giant Ghost of Christmas present. Thanks SG Sports Talk. Great to be a member. Hey Ser Indiana QB may be the top draft pick. What a talent. Yeah, for sure. I hope that I I do I know there's Ohio State fans in the chat. I'm sure. I I think it's IU's turn. So, I hope it works. I hope I hope they get to beat Ohio State. Uh they're making Highway 81 in Georgia like that going from two lanes to six. Yeah, it was always a scary part of the movie when I when we watched it as kids. But yeah, so um one of the things 27 there's no it it's not like really exit ramps um to get onto it. There's just roads, roads and stop lights, so it makes it more dangerous. What do you call that? Like an interstate is like limited access, but like um it's just a regular divided highway that's not limited access. Anyway, I love this one too. Joy to the children far and near. Oh, fruit cake. Excuse me. All right. Well, let's head over to Wilderness Lodge. OSU is tough. They kicked our butts last week in the big house. Yikes. Well, we'll see. IU's pretty tough, too. But I guess OSU is number one for a reason. So, we'll see. I don't know. I mean, IU is going to get a good bowl game no matter what, right? So, even if they don't end the season undefeated, they they've proven themselves, I think. Yeah. I love the Christmas Carol movies, too. [Music] All right. That's awesome. Bit ritz. Yeah, David. It's been a very interesting couple weeks. I'm with you there. Hi. How are you? Thank you. You too. [Music] Hey, Portland Ricky. Anything [Music] else? So there you go. Indiana would be would get a buy in the playoffs, win or lose. Oh wow. Nice. That's a pretty good place to be. They earned that. So it's pretty cool. Like I said, I always like different teams winning and when you got the same teams, your Alabama and your and your O states, you know, that win every year, I think it just gets kind of boring. So it's good to see a team that hasn't won find a way to turn it around. Especially a team that you know of a school that I went to. I mean that doesn't hurt anything either. But that's one of the reasons I get disinterested in sports though in the past is it's the same teams every year. Like who cares you know? So it's nice to see nice to see different teams. Now having said that of course if IU starts to become a dynasty I'm probably not going to mind that. So I see both sides of it and certainly they're going to have good recruiting after these last couple seasons. people are going to want to come and play for them. Whereas before you had to, you know, it was like pulling teeth to get good talent to come. Anyway, fantasy sports bus. That's funny. I love how they play the music all the way back here. That's nice. Let the holidays begin before we go. We have a holiday surprise. Now we're going to head out. We'll be back soon. Are singing Tikis and Birds Tranquil? I mean somewhat, but um we can't go see those because we are we don't have a party ticket tonight and the park is officially closed 6:00 for those of us regular type guests. So, all right. Well, so we'll find our boat, see if our ship will come in. Just kidding. Speaking of ship, I did post a vlog this morning. I know it's kind of an odd time for me to post at 9:00 on Tuesday, but I just didn't want it to last to wait any longer. I would have done a premiere tonight after the stream, but the video is long enough that I just didn't think it would do as well uh with the premiere, and I didn't want to stay up super late. But Um, excuse me. You're good. But, um, I, uh, I did post my second Disney Cruise, Disney Destiny video this morning. So, if you missed it or you were busy all day today and didn't get a chance to watch it, please check it out. Bye. Either later today, if you have time after the stream's over, or maybe check it out uh, tomorrow. Uh, cuz uh, it didn't get a lot of views, but I know it's a weird time for me to post. So, it's a good video though. I worked really hard on it and uh um despite what happens, it's a great memories for for me. It was a wonderful wonderful experience. But this one, day two was probably the most epic day. So, if you wouldn't mind going to watch my Disney Destiny video, I would sincerely appreciate it. And yep, Mara just posted the link. No, Brit's not streaming Candlelight right as of right now. He had had trouble getting a ticket and so um he'd like to for sure. It's one of his favorite things of the year, too. But he just I don't think it's going to work out this time. If something changes, we'll let you know. But there's always next year, one of these years, I'm going to take a flight down there and I'm going to I'm going to stream it and maybe, you know, Brit will come with me. That'd be even better. He can show me all the ins and outs of everything. Georgia Tech is 9-3. UG is 10-2. Both will get um good bowl games, but as long as GT wins and UG loses. That's funny. Yeah. Well, you know, everybody's got their teams. Watched it this morning, Josh. It was so cool. Thank you. And if you did watch it today, thank you. I know it's a long one, but just know that I took that video when I when I when I I was like the way I edit is uh I know some people are different about it. Some people go one step at a time. I like to put it all up there in order since it's kind of chronological and then I like to um just kind of go for it. Let me see. Hold on. Have I got Maybe I'm in the wrong place. Please hold. Uh it doesn't say. Let's see. [Music] I forgot. I wasn't paying attention. The trusty still in the Navy. That's funny. So anyway, it was a great one. And um Oh, was it was 2 hours and 40 minutes when I put it on the timeline to start out with. Literally 2 hours and 40 minutes. So yeah. So I cut it down to like an hour and 20. So that's not too bad. Which line am I in? Is this it? You guys know I wasn't paying attention. Is this Wilderness Lodge here? Is this the line? Okay, good. I was like, I know there's signs back there, but I totally didn't look. They told us to go. Oh, there you go. Okay. Hi. Thank you. Appreciate that. You guys having a good time? Yeah. Awesome. Nice. Yes. Yep. That's for sure. It's I heard I heard we're going to get a cold front over the next couple days and it's going to get down to 75 and I was like, "Yeah, that's not a cold front." I heard the guy on the radio say that's a tepid front. But anyway, I'm glad you guys got good weather down here for sure. So awesome. Well, nice to meet you. So yeah, I definitely did um I definitely did [Music] cut quite a bit out of it. Jordan Fisher did a good good job. Um a candle light he started with, "Are you ready to begin?" Oh, that's funny. Love it. Hey, Dad. How are you? And mom, if you're watching, I know. Down to 75. Listen, it was actually pretty pretty chilly on Friday, but yes. No, we're very lucky. [Music] Hello, Mr. Duck. Stop. Don't No, no, no. You're taking a bath. Let's see. No. Okay, there it looks like there's an actual cold front coming. Still not that cold, but in the 40s next week. Still not bad. [Music] I mean, listen, it's still fine, but you do when it gets down in the 50s here, you do need a jacket. Whereas up north, you sometimes don't. 27 is snowing in New Hampshire. I paid my cold dues in India. I sure did. I remember those minus 8s and minus 10s. We didn't get them as often as the extreme north does, but you know, like once is enough. Good grief. I remember going to work one morning and it was literally - 8. Not windchill, air temperature - 8. And um again, Minnesota people are laughing. They're we got minus 30. But no, you know, for Indiana minus 8's pretty cold or anywhere, right? I mean, it's it's legitimately dangerous if you're out too long and not covered up. But um I I went out to start the car. I was I was parking outside cuz I was at an apartment in Indiana and I went and um started the car and I remember thinking it wasn't going to start. I remember it wasn't, you know, was of course back in the day, so it was older style just regular key ignition like what we all grew up with. And um put the key in the ignition and went and went. [Music] I was like, "Oh no." And I have to call the call the school and tell them I'm not going to make it. But it it it finally, you know, kind of freed itself up and and started actually started. I I gave it I had to give it a little pat on the steer. I was like, "Good job, buddy. So, yes, I understand Indiana is not the coldest place, but cold enough. [Music] Hey, Age of Retro. Dabber Kuck is laughing at us. Oh, yeah, for sure. you know, he's he's like up in like the extreme north of Canada like Yeah. He was telling me, you know, they've got they get days up there where it doesn't get out of the negative Celsius. What was it? And there's a certain there's a certain temperature that Celsius and Fahrenheit like match. Is it minus 30 something? I don't know. There's a certain temperature that they match and they get down to that temperature quite regularly, I think. Can you read my super? Oh, did I miss one? I'm sorry. Oh, I did. I did miss it. Sorry. Uh, Jim L. Patty, $1. Thank you, Jim. And SDA Sports Talk $19.99. Hi, Josh. What are your top five Disney movies? I don't know. It's a great question. Thank you for the super chat. I'll have to think about it. Uh, thank you, SBA Sports Talk. Sorry, I missed it. I was I must have just looked away at the wrong time. Okay, so either way, thank you very much. And, uh, let's see. Top five Disney movies. I'm going to go with Peter Pan. Probably I would say it's my number one cuz it's so magical. Um, actually going to put some unconventional ones on the list. Wall-E, Meet the Robinsons. Um, I just love how optimistic Meet the Robinsons is. Uh, what else? Probably going to mostly go with cartoons. Believe it or not, uh, Muppets Christmas Girl, I think it's on the list, too. It is a Christmas movie, so they could make a whole separate list of those, but um, that could that is a Disney movie, I think. Um, and then one one more. Oh jeez, there's so many. I don't know. I was going to say one of the big ones. Probably Lion King. Lion King, even though you know Aladdin and Beauty and the Beast are amazing, too. Little Mermaid from that that era. Thank you. But yeah, there's so many great ones. But I'd have to say Lion King out of that epic '9s cuz Lion King spawned so many things and it's just such an epic story. So yeah, Star Well, yeah, Star Wars. Star Wars, to be fair, didn't start out as a Disney movie. So, yeah. Oh, I find it highly, you know, what do you miss a winter? I miss watching it snow with the cold. I put a jacket on and here we go. Like, whatever. You know what I mean? But like the cloudy days were what bothered me up north. So, what I miss about the the cold or what I miss about the north and the winter is the snow. I always thought it was really pretty, especially like in the morning driving to work if if you were driving to work if the snow wasn't bad enough to miss school. It would be beautiful, you know, even sometimes it was kind of peaceful if you were driving. I always had four-wheel drive, so if you're driving safely on the road and the highway and you were one of the first people to drive on the four-lane highway and you kind of like had to chart your own path and it was so pretty to drive down a road that hadn't been driven on yet. So was this Disney. Yeah. No, it is for sure. Just when they made episode 4 through six, it wasn't. So, so that's what I was kind of thinking about. But yeah, obviously it's Thank you. Obviously, it's it's fantastic in every way. Okay, let's see. Let's go this way. That way, we can see out this side. Maybe the boozy is in the Disney Renaissance. Yeah, that's okay. I can sit right here. Oh, here. [Music] [Music] And that was just a list off the top of my head. I mean, I'm sure I'll adjust it four more times, but um you know, it's hard part of like, you know, whether somebody u carbox said Cars is Pixar movie. Yeah. And so then we can talk about are we including Pixar? Are we including some of the Star Wars things? Are we including all that? You know, so I don't know, maybe the question has to be a mainline Disney movie. And technically, MU I believe Muppets was under the Disney umbrella when they made the movie. But here, if I had to substitute one for Muppets, I'd say Mickey's Christmas Carol. I love that movie a lot, even though it's a short one. Um, what else? The Disney tree up is top of the Death Star. Nice. We actually, it's funny, we we had a um I've said this before, we had a 20ft ceiling in our last house in a foyer. Not in the whole house, just in the foyer, the entrance area, and then you went up to the you know, it went up the stairs like that was the area where the stairway was. And um it was a really beautiful entryway. I kind of miss it, but uh we had that 9 ft tree out there. I'm glad we didn't buy a bigger one cuz the ceiling was 20 foot, so we could have done a 12ft tree just fine or even 15. But um what's crazy is that our our our ceiling now is 9 ft and so we had to um we we can't put anything on top. No death scars on top of our trees. Although that is fun. Do have some cool ornaments though. Oh, and we went to um Gayler Palms Ice at Gayler Palms on uh Sunday. So that's pretty fun. Liam and I did. We had a great time. So fun. [Music] I think I think [Music] I did see the new Olaf robot. That's crazy. 13 foot. Nice. Hey, Spider Bro. [Music] The tree picture was so sweet. Oh, I love it. Glad. [Music] All right. For your safety, please hold your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside our boat at all times and supervise your children. Now, relax and enjoy your crew and we'll have you at your boat in just a few minutes. Thanks for sailing with us. on that one. Well, it absolutely Stay there. [Music] I had to work for every we like to stay like 10 days. So that was the third year. So after I got the week, I had to call every day to like [Music] Thank you, Sarah. Minus 40. Okay, perfect. Celsius and Fahrenheit needed - 40. [Music] DBC. Great. [Music] [Music] about [Music] one of my favorite I really like [Music] the middle. [Music] change. And then the change [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Uh the second line down [Music] the drink that I enjoyed last Well, Sue, I'm glad the stream looks good. By the way, Sue sent us a um PayPal that I think I missed on Friday. So, thank you, Sue, for the PayPal. I'm sorry I missed it. I don't think I got a chance to read it. So, thanks, Sue. And sorry that I missed it. Contemporary. I want to see. Friday night. [Music] That's what it looks like. And when you went outside to see the fireworks, they were exploding. Everything was Mickey's. You saw Mickey's on the floor. I was trying to get there. [Music] [Music] Wednesday night. [Music] It's 90 minutes. It takes you around. [Music] by side down Attention [Music] all we are preparing to do. This is our vessel and docking can be bumpy at times. For your safety, if you are seated, remain seated and if you're standing, hold on the handbrake. Please keep your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat until [Music] it's definitely DBC. It's a mess. disappointed this doesn't happen. What a difference. [Music] All right, off we go. It's a nice relaxing trip. Bay Lake is beautiful this time of night. All a shore. Let's go ashore. You are now clear to exit the boat. Gather all your personal items. Take small children by the hand. Please take your time and watch your spell. On behalf of the crew, thanks for sailing with us. Take small children by the hand and watch your step. Please take your time and watch your step. We're going back to the Watch your step. I'm sorry. Watch your Thanks for sailing. All right, almost there. Take your time, man. Watch your step. Okay, look at that. So pretty. We're going to go see a beautiful lobby. Yeah, there's something just really relaxing about this, but especially at night. Yes, they definitely want us to watch our step. That's good. I will say the boat and the um the boat and the dock are not even, you know, all the time just cuz the water level. So, that is important because otherwise you could trip right onto the dock. But yes. Oh, wow. The moon is bright tonight. Well, thanks for being here, guys. Really appreciate it. Tranquil Tuesday is one of our special days here on this channel, and I'm certainly glad you all joined us. It's a busy time of year, but we are glad you're here. And again, if you missed it, I did post a cruise vlog earlier for my Disney Destiny trip. So, you're definitely going to want to add that to your watch later list because it's a really fun one. I got lots of great interviews with cast members and I got uh I had lots of great experience. I do some highlights of the Lion King show and I'm going to post the whole Lion King show here, you know, I don't know, whenever I can. So, either way, super fun. All right. Hey, Ginger. But don't forget to hit the like on your way in. Subscribe if you're new. All the things. You know the deal. Let's go see this awesome tree and lobby. Before we get there, don't forget to check out one of our awesome sponsors. If you want to book your next trip right here to Wilderness Lodge or any Disney resort or cruise, it's mickeyras.com. That's mickeytras.com. Check them out when you want to book your next trip. Uh you can also go to their other website, uh mickeyblog.com, where they have all the latest Disney news. So mickeyras.com and Mickeyblog.com. Go check them out. No, it didn't take too long at all. [Music] All right. Outdoor Grand Such a grand resort. Even though it's not called Grand Fidian or Grand anything, it's still grand. Haven't been watching the streams. I had to fly from Washington State to Michigan to spend time with my mom. She passed away on Veterans Day. Oh, wow. Sorry, Cindy. I'm glad you got to spend time though with her. Hey, Grey Rose. All right. Oh, they still got the sidewalk closed here. Well, we can go look at the falls before we go up the other way. Must still be doing construction down there. Represents the grand wilderness. That's true. YouTube just sent me the recap on 2025. They said I watched 499 of Resort TV1 videos. Wow, Roberta. Roberta, that's amazing. Good job. Should be the Grand Wilderness Watch. It is very grand. All right. So, anyway. All right. I am excited to get in the lobby. Yes. Look, you'll see. It's cool. [Music] This is also a DBC resort, of course. And if you want to um book a DBC room for a fraction of the cost, you can check out one of our other sponsors, David's DBC Rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. dbcrequest.com/tv. David does a great job. David's company does a great job on that. You don't even have to be a member. It's a great way to try before you buy. And we'll go over to the DBC side here in a little bit. But let's check this out. Look at this. I love these lights. Sconces here. Nappa Rose closed at Grand Fian. How do I find out how many resort TV videos? I don't know. Somebody said they send you a little recap in your email. Sometimes they send us a recap, too, and tell us how many They'll tell us all of our numbers for the year, like here's how many views you got. here's how many um you know, here's how many videos you posted, all that kind of stuff. I love seeing like how many likes we got and it's like tens of thousands of likes or hundreds of thousands of likes and millions of views. It's really fun to see. Hi, how are you? Thanks for watching. Appreciate it. All right, so also I forgot to mention this too. Speaking of views and stuff, we are getting close to 1 million or not 1 million. That's funny. We're getting close to 100 million views on the channel. Let me just see where we are. Let's see. Oh, so close. [Music] There you go. So, that'll be actually That's just uh that's just a couple days. Like this video might actually hit it. That's fun. All right, here we go. You guys ready for the grand reveal? I feel like a little extra holiday cheer here this year. They've been stepping it up. Okay, we'll check the gingerbread house in just a minute. That there's a little preview of it. And we've got the gingerbread stand here. Ready? Bam. Wow. Resort TV1 was my top lot top five. Watch. I watched 963 channels. Blue Polo. Oh my goodness. You did amazing. Helpful with a lot of channels this year. Thanks for watching everybody. That's amazing. Yeah, it's pretty awesome. So 100 million 100 million views pretty soon. It's a big milestone. [Music] So look at that. It's like the thumbnail. Actually, I can show you in a minute where the thumbnail was taken from. I believe it's just up there on the second floor. You can see the photo spot, of course. I love all the the garlands around the uh around the balconies. I wonder why there's not one in the the uh third floor up. I'm not sure. But either way, beautiful. Hey, Dad. You guys are my number one watch Disney Channel. Thank you. We do appreciate it. I know this I know we put out a lot of videos, too, so that makes it hard to watch all of them for sure. So, it's awesome. [Music] Yeah, I don't know. Um, Ginger or not, Sue. I think it's a I think it's a um I want to say I think it's an email YouTube sends out. So, I'm not sure. Where can individuals see their own viewing stats? I'm so curious what mine look like. Yeah, I I'm not sure. Uh, dad says this was our DVC resort when we started. Yes, it was. Yep. We stayed here quite a few times. It was really nice. Always enjoyed it. We We stayed for a while. One time we rented boats and we got like a a special you could get a pass where you could rent boats like unlimited boats. So every afternoon we come and rent either the water mouse boats or we'd rent pontoon. We did all kinds of boats. That was fun. Goodness. Like Spotify does. Yeah. Maybe. No. Ginger. No. No conversations about taxes on the boat tonight. This is so funny. If you know, you know. [Music] The yearly recap pops up when you open the YouTube app. Oh, really? I Maybe some people didn't see it. I don't know. Or maybe you know what? I didn't actually I didn't see it either. Let me close and reopen. Let's see. Let's Oh, there. Here it is. Here it is. Yeah. So, close and reopen. Yep. It doesn't want to focus. There we go. Okay. Let's see see what we got here. [Music] It doesn't though. I didn't have I didn't have a year. All right. [Music] Well, I don't know. Oh, here we go. [Music] Wow. Oh, this is what I watched. Tech products. Fun. Let's see your watch channels. There you go. [Music] Uh, let's just see. I wonder [Music] curious mind. I love that. I'll be interested. [Music] Most likely to upgrade your tech before breakfast and then plan your next vacation. That's funny. I love that. How fun. Oh, and you can also go to youtube.com/recap. That's another thing. Go to youtube.com/recap. So, what'll be fun to see is if if they do um recaps for the channels, too, that you know, the creators, the postings and everything. Anyway, that's pretty cool. Yeah, I watch a lot of tech stuff. There's a light out on the tree. Can you fix it? Yeah, I'll get right on that. I will get right on that. Making me cry. This is my This is my first Christmas vacation Christmas without my dad. 49 years in Wilderness Lodge is our family resort. Oh, wow. Omg, Bara. I'm sorry to hear that, but um I definitely um definitely am glad you're here and able to uh share with friends here in the chat. Evelyn says videos are showing up the recommended part. That's good. I'm glad. Yeah, it looks like that's working a little better now. Got a lot of people watching tonight, too, which is nice. Does anyone know the sevenstory lobby was modeled after the lobby in Old Faithful? Yeah, it was. You're right. The Yellowstone. Let me let me turn on the correct Wi-Fi real quick. Hold on real quick. Pause. It might actually work. Let me just see if it just works cuz we'll need it when we go into some of the other parts. Oh, okay. It looks like it's just going to work. I love the little TP ornaments. Those are fun. So grand. Oh, sorry, micro. That's no fun. Yeah, it's amazing. Okay, let's go up. Well, first of all, let's go over here and then we'll put on the wide angle and then we'll go up. I love the decorations here, too. All right. The stones on the lobby fireplace are layered much like rocks in the Grand Canyon. Oh, fun. I I actually You know what? That makes a lot of sense. I didn't didn't realize that. Ultra wide. There you go. Now you can see it all. This is a good use of the ultra wide lens. Don't get the breakdown on the web. You should get it on your uh phone if you go to your phone and search that way. But yeah, just I had to close the app and open it again. It didn't just do it like right away. I had to close and reopen. Uh let's see. There we go. Yeah, chandeliers are made with real raw. Wow, that's cool. Yeah, I think wide angle works pretty well in here. There's just so much to see. Hey, Elizabeth. [Music] This This lobby is something to be proud of for sure for Disney. You know, they really created something beautiful. Anyone else lay under the tree when they decorate it? I used to do that some. I think I haven't done it this year. Well, actually, I did that because I had to like fix some stuff, but I didn't like intentionally lay under it. Hi. Good. How are you? Seen you a few times. Awesome. Good to see you. Good to see you again as well. yesterday. Oh, yeah. Is amazing. I know. I had to come check it out. It's one of my favorites. Beautiful. It's just a good place. It's a cool place to hang out. This is very good. You enjoying your family? You, too. Hi. How are you? How are you? How are you? January. How you doing? Good. Very good. Yes. We love. Yeah, for sure. We love watching it. You're the best. Oh, thank you. Saturday coming up next, right? Yes. Yep. next Saturday. Give kids a world. This is the first time we're broadcasting it on this channel, too. So, that'll be fun. Oh, yeah. That's awesome. My pleasure. I mean, I get to play fun music. What's that? You got us aware of it. Oh, good. It's like a Thank you. It's a great cause. Yeah. Thank you. It's a win on all sides. I get to play my instrument and support a really good charity. So, by the way, Oh, thank you. I'm a little rustier than I used to be, but I I try and I try and polish it off for the concert. So, you're the worst critic. You're very I know. Thank you. Good to see you. You as well. You need to serve or anything? I feel like your cook and you cook. I'm actually okay right now. I just had dinner. But thank I appreciate it so much. You guys are the best. Thank you. You too. [Music] [Music] Yes. Magical Night of Hope. Tickets on sale. Magical night of hope.com. You know what? Okay. All right, let's go look at this uh gingerbread house. Let me turn it back to a regular regular lens here. I was Old Faithful in this lobby is just as grand. Wow, look at that. Incredible. Very, very uh trusting putting it out here like this. I mean, I'm glad that they do, but uh I hope everybody is respectful and doesn't touch it. [Music] The music is so gorgeous. It's barely hard to hear, but it's very like sauna or not sauna. It's very spotlight. You're fine. Watching the channel all the time. Thank you. Appreciate that. Thank you for all you do. My pleasure. [Music] So neat. Yeah. Yeah. So, so Magical Night of Hope is going to be awesome. Um, I'll be playing my saxophone and Corey, our friend Cory Meets World, he'll be singing. Paige and Mr. Marl Nate will be uh reading a Christmas story. Um, and then um uh Neil from Alyssa and Neil, he'll be playing his trumpet. Um, and you have Bob of course will be playing piano for us and with us and also doing some solo stuff. Wow, stream looks so good. Thanks, Brandon. I appreciate that. We try and keep it cranked up. And here is what Christopher No, was it Christopher or Jay? I'm sorry, Jay was saying this earlier um about the the the layers of the Grand Canyon. Thanks, Jedi Master Jason. Much appreciated. [Music] Chug, chug, chug, chug. Never a dull moment at the Whispering Canyon Cafe. It's It's If you come in here, the tree is breathtaking. Wasn't you? Okay. It was Jay. I'm sorry, Christopher. It was Jay. Yep. I'm forgetful sometimes. I would kind of like to straighten out my gimbal a little bit, but maybe I'll do that here real quick. Let me actually We got some room right here. Let me let me put my uh let me put my uh tripod on and I'm going to fix the gimbal really quick. Everybody, give me just a second. Let's go over here and I'll I'll have you look at the tree while you do it here. Okay, here we'll come over here. Okay, hold on, guys. Just for a second. [Music] All right, let me uh Oh, yeah. It's having some trouble. All right, I'm going to recalibrate the gimbal. It just needs it every once in a while. Connect. There we go. calibrate. [Music] Done. Okay. All I have to do is turn it off and back on. Bingo. All right. So, that should help the gimbal a little bit. Yeah, it seems to be better already. It gets grumpy. It needs a It needs a nap every once in a while. Okay. Just like some humans we know. All right. Oh, that's funny. So, I put it. Let's see. There we go. That's better. Did it break the internet? No, I don't think so. The internet seems to be unbroken. All right, let's go upstairs. Let's go upstairs and check out the views from around the uh balconies here. Love this Native American headdress here. So incredible. Okay. Thank you. You can see some of the decorations up there. I level. Thanks. tree hedgehog. Yes, it's beautiful. The biggest tree on property, you know. I think it's similar size to the ground Grand Flidian. Is it? You think so? But I, you know, I'd have to look it up. It could be wrong. I don't I honestly It's like a 40ft. It could be. I I always think the ones in the parks are 50, but I don't know if they quite get that high or not. The contemporary we've seen that one in the front looks kind of But this is spectacular. It's wider at the bottom, I think. Beautiful. Yeah, they they know how to do trees here. That's for sure. They do. They do for sure. Over at the uh Coronado and trees there. Beautiful. Also, I haven't been there for that one. Yeah, it's a nice tree. So, half the size of that. Fun fact, they keep all these trees decorated and then they just take them apart in sections and reassemble them every year. Yep. That's awesome. Yeah. So, everything stays decorated. They got it down to science. They do. Yeah. We were here last year right before uh November 1st. Okay. We had pumpkins. Next day, no pumpkins. the next day. Oh, they used to do even more than that. They used to um they used to do where they would actually have pumpkins on, you know, October 31st and on November 1st, Christmas was up. So, they they have since they would even at that point apparently they would like recruit cast members and their families to come help decorate and they would pay the families a little something or I think or sometimes I think they'd offer like free tickets for people. I would do it. Yeah. And it's like, "Hey, come help us for right." Some people would do it for fun and say, "Hey, if you come help us for 5 hours or whatever, you can have a free ticket." Like, absolutely. Go for it. No, it's so fun. They do. So beautiful. Thank you. Thanks again. Of course. All right, guys. Let's see if we can see a good view over here. Let's go this way. [Music] The recap shows up when it's available. Okay, so it may not be available for everybody all at the same time. That makes sense. Mine took a while to load, but it works. Oh, what a cool shot. [Music] Let's see. Let me not drop my phone. [Music] That's a great one. [Music] This is a nice place to sit here. You can just hang out and wow, secret hiding spot. You don't have to be in the crowd and you still get to enjoy this perfect view. [Music] Probably full of my daughter's videos. Hey, it's all good. Supporting your family is a noble thing. Oh, Grand Fian is 40 foot wilderness lodge is 60. Okay. So, which is So, John, uh, do you have a way of of checking? Do you see is this the tallest? Is maybe he's right. It seems plausible. This is actually a taller lobby, I think, than than than a lot of other places. I give you the Griswall family Christmas tree. Little little full. Lot of sap. [Music] Let's just do a little ultra wide here. Bam. [Music] 60 foot. Wow. Unbelievable. Like even with the ultra wide, I'm struggling to get it all in the in the frame there. [Music] We'll go in the shop and stuff here in a minute, but I wanted to give you the grand circle tour here, so to speak. With this lobby the way it is, you almost have to have a tree like this. [Music] The resorts need a smellizer pumping out evergreen sound. I could have sworn I smelled evergreen a minute ago. Or maybe I was maybe I was dreaming it. AKL is 45 ft. Contemporary has the tallest tree at 70 ft. Okay, it does seem pretty tall. [Music] All right. I think the one in MK's always been 50. Although, since it's inside a park, like there wouldn't be really too much of a size limit except for the fact that they do they do put the guy wires on it. So, I don't know. Of course, there are guy wires on this one, too. You can see. Yeah. This is where I took the thumbnail from. Right here. Put on the regular lens so you get a little better picture. Christmas tree outside the Kbury is 70. Okay. Wow. Yeah. Lot. This is definitely the largest indoor tree. That is true. Could just set the camera right here. Right. [Music] Well, Ryan, cuz we're we're in a place with a bunch of families and children, and sometimes they have rough moments. That's why kids have rough moments sometimes. Most adults have learned not to do that, although there are some who do. And you see them on social media sometimes. Quadrizzillion lights. Yeah, for sure. Wilderness is the second largest. Wow. Am I right in saying Magic Kingdom is 50 and Epcot is 50? I just I remember seeing that somewhere. Hey, Adventure Lease. It's a be Clark. Yeah, it sure is. Oh, Dad, you taught me everything I know about exterior illumination. My kitties would be in heaven with that tree. They'd want to climb through it. You know what? Tank really likes the tree, too. He just likes to lay next to it. I think animals really do like the trees. They like the lights and it just feels comforting. Yeah, it looks like the perfect Christmas aesthetic for sure. Could you imagine checking the bulbs? No. Not it. I mean, but when the result is this, wouldn't you be really proud to do that? Don't get me wrong. I'm sure there are a couple lights out here or there, but the effect is pretty good. [Music] But can you imagine [Music] The tree of life is 145. Yep. Makes sense. Fix the new post. And now everybody knows what a new post is just because of that video. [Music] Trying to get the other numbers. Thanks, Christopher. It's just, you know, it's fun fun facts, right? Fun facts. It's a little bit closer view of one of the tepee uh chandeliers here. American flags. Yeah, I I only see this I only see this one right here, but maybe there were more. But it's good for sure. Yeah, Adventurelies. You're very welcome. My pleasure. [Music] Thanks for doing this. Wilderness Lodge is my possibly my favorite spot in the world. Wow. MK65 ft. Oh, wow. So, it is taller than this one. Don't throw me down, Clark. Yeah, we're doing all the Christmas vacation quotes. Playball. Why is the carpet all wet, Todd? I don't know, Margo. That's got to be one of the most classic exchanges in all of film. And those two, they they they sold it so well. Like, nobody would remember that line if those two people hadn't sold that so well. I don't remember the guy's name. Julia Louise Drifus or something. Is that what her name is? The the Elaine from Seinfeld was the woman in the in the movie there. And then uh I can't remember what the guy's name was. He was in some other things too, but they just sold that so well. It's a quintessential like stuck up couple. Anyway, for Epcot, all they see is over 30 ft. Yeah, definitely over 30 ft. Epcot is pretty tall, too. But okay. Hey, Ryan. It's just a relaxing tree stream. I don't think anybody's going to complain. Play is also 65. Okay, that'd be fun. Disney should post that. Like they they always do the stats of like, you know, how many calories and how many, you know, how many how many ounces of chocolate and gingerbread and whatever. They always do that. So, I feel like they could they could do it for the trees. I think people would like that. Uh, the Real Old Faithful Inn had a teddy bear, Teddy Roosevelt inspired, placed up in the rafters, but Earthquake brought it down. The lobby, this lobby remembered to have a Mickey doll up in the rafters. Oh, like up here. [Music] It' be hard to spot, but it may be. [Music] AI is killing me. I know the AI summaries. Hard to get away from it. It used to be optional and now they just throw it right at you. Shamelessly or shamefully. One of the two. They want you to say Grace. She passed away 30 years ago. the blessing. There's a good view. If you're wondering what we're talking about, we're quoting National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation. Disney calories don't count. Yeah, it's true. They do sometimes post that though about not, you know, cuz you're not eating it, but like the gingerbread house uh there at uh Grand Fian or, you know, whatnot. [Music] Okay, let's go back downstairs for a little bit. I'm going to take a very quick restroom break and then we'll be off to enjoy the rest of the uh Okay, wait. I forgot to show this to you. There's your u log view. Be off to enjoy. That's a real fire, by the way. the rest of the evening. [Music] It's a good shot right there. Can take your screenshots now if you want. I'll wait a second. [Music] Thank you. [Music] All right, let me get downstairs. So awesome. I may end up also visiting Contemporary tonight just cuz it's easier to get to from here. But we'll try Fort Wilderness as well. So, we'll see. Uh, and I won't be going around very much cuz obviously I don't want to spoil our golf cart stream, but just to show you a little preview of the Fort Wilderness decorations since we're so close. Oh, apparently push and not pull. I always forget that. See if this is a push. Yes. [Music] Don't forget to bop the like button, subscribe if you're new, follow us on all the social medias, Resort TV1 on all the things. Did we lose chat? Chat hasn't moved for a while. Let's just see what's going on here in just a second. [Music] Yep. We definitely lost. Oh, well, you guys are quoting the movie still. All right, that's weird. Don't know why we lost the chat. The stream definitely still working. How frustrating. South Carolina. Yeah, I lost it on my end for some reason. All right, let me uh let me restart. Be right back. Okay. Yep. It's moving for you guys. My chat froze. [Music] Chat randomly just now, too. [Music] Where's Eddie? He's eat these things. All right. Yeah, it's a great view. You have to try it for sure. You should. You will enjoy it. Go to the shop real quick. [Music] Love this totem pole. Yes, that's the restaurant or that's the resort that has the fun ketchup restaurant. Yes, it's over on the other side. Whispering Canyon. I was that this totem was awesome. Established in 1994 tell you the mom membership is the gift keep on giving keeps on giving. That it is Edward love it [Music] is the season to be married. That's my name. Look at here. It's a nice shirt. I like that it's embroidered. Look at Hey, Oliver. Who's this? Yeah, [Music] that's a fun one. Okay, be careful. Why do you go for this? Yeah. Why do you go for the break? Good. Good to see you, Candy. I'm glad there are others that quote the movie as much as I can because there's so few movies like that that were just perfect. Definitely, you know, slightly inappropriate in a lot of ways, but so perfect. Like what would It's like Back to the Future. I would say, what would you change about that movie? Absolutely nothing. What would you change about Christmas Vacation? Nothing. Not one thing. And there's so few movies you can say that about. [Music] Where you going to put that tree? I love love love fire. Excuse me. Oh, the salt and pepper shakers with the totem. How fun. There's a huge beastly bulging man. [Music] Home Alone one. Yeah, it's a good one, too. So, I love that they have those, too. Let me see. Let me see you. Turn them off. I'm sorry. This is our family's first kidnapping. I know, right? [Music] How often do you get to say that? Right. Hopefully never. Hopefully never. It is a good show though. Okay. Where's Hey, John. Can anyone do the golf cart tour? So, you have to actually have a um a campsite there or a room at one of the uh one of the cabins. Yep. You have to have a campsite or a room at one of the cabins. So, definitely uh and then you have to rent the golf cart, but to rent it, you have to have a room or a campsite. So, good question. Now, anybody can, you know, go in there. um if you don't park there, you can take transportation to get over there, but you you can only walk at that point. So, you could see some of the sites close by or you could get even a hoop to do reservation and get over there. You can park there if you got hoopdoo. But again, you for hoop to do, you can't you can't rent a golf cart with that. You can only go park and then take the bus over to the Hoopdoo. I was wanting to know the backstory of Todd and Margot. Yeah, they should. Oh my gosh. Shouldn't they do it? They should have done a spin-off of that. [Music] They got taller. [Music] [Music] music is so nice. All right, let's check out what we got here. Holy chocolate bar. Hello. Candy wants to know how many lights on the tree. I have no idea. Disney knows that. They might be pretty hard. Ginger snap. Ginger snap. Alasis. Maple pecan. [Music] Oh, gluten. Gingerbread. Mickey. Gluten meat friendly. I should say the peppermint bark. Yeah, John. It's a great tree. Undeniable. So, here's what you got. That's pretty low, mister. I love that so much. The police say the police officer says to if I had a rubber hose. That's such a random thing to say. Again, perfect movie. Perfect. Perfect. If you haven't seen the movie um National Amun's Christmas Vacation, defin I mean, first of all, where have you been? definitely watch it, but you know, it's maybe not with the kids. [Music] All right. Well, I am going to take a real quick restroom break and then we're going to then we will head over to uh the vacation club side of things. It's always fun. [Music] Well, obviously something had to break the window. Something had to hit the stereo. That's right. Oh, you can watch the TV version. Yeah, the TV version did get cleaned up. The TV version is cleaned up quite a bit. This way's going. Okay, here's Whispering Canyon. Quick over here. Over here. Don't fall on the wrong server. Please stop. [Music] So funny. [Music] They were based on John Hugh's real life neighbors who called to complain about the decorations. How fun is that? I mean, not that's not fun, but how how funny is that that he got his ultimate, you know, payback or whatever. Revenge. I don't know. Revenge isn't good a good word to say, but you know what I mean? Like like that was that's pretty pretty impressive, honestly. I don't know. I think we should. All right. Well, we'll be right back. I'm going to take a real quick restroom break. The school scene is funny. As somebody who likes the house to be clean and not torn up, like it like kind of bothers me to watch the house get torn up, but then I have to remind myself it's just a movie set and it's fine. But it's like, oh my gosh, their house is ruined. And then the SWAT team comes in and like it's a whole thing. Anyway, I will be right back. See you in just a bit. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat [Music] up here. [Music] Oh, [Music] you are coming. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat [Music] up here. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] God bless you. Merry Christmas. [Music] Welcome back. Thanks for hanging around and waiting for me. I appreciate it. All right, let's head over to the DVC side of things and we'll uh we'll come back over here. I I don't know. Every time I'm in here, I just like don't want to leave. And I can tell you guys don't want to either. Like it's just so amazing. Such an incredible place. Welcome back. [Music] Honestly, I had kind of a tough day, but this uh this makes up for it. I don't know. Okay, makes up for it maybe is the wrong word, but it it uh makes it better. How about that? All right, let's go check out the uh DBC. Let's see. Okay. So, [Music] yeah, they do decorations at Contemporary. We can go see that. I saw it on uh last Tuesday as well. But, um there's some great decorations there. They have a a gingerbread castle with the dream lights on it. They should call the bell service bear service. Nice. Nice. I agree with that. You know, sometimes like obviously the parks are beautiful and and and you know, rides and all the things, Christmas parties, everything is great, right? But sometimes it's nice just to come and enjoy the quiet majesty of the resorts. I think that's what I love the most about this. It's just especially now when everybody's at the parks, it's just quiet, peaceful, and gorgeous. [Music] And again, thank you to over 2,000 of you who are hanging out here tonight. Very much appreciated. [Music] Yeah. So, the Christmas tree in the contemporary is outside actually. [Music] I think that's probably my favorite part of the Christmas season overall. It's just the quiet majestic moments like that. The music and pretty lights and all the things. And this is really neat, too. So, this is the uh DVC part of the Wilderness Lodge. It's got a grand lobby, too. Not quite as big, of course, but yeah. Is that how the 24/7 channel started? No. So fun, though. Christmas music and crickets. I know those those are real crickets. And again, another nice warm fireplace. Engle nook. A nook by a large open fireplace. Also a bench or settle occupying this nook. Interesting. It's a nook. It's an Engle nook. This is the uh Carewood Pacific Lounge. I don't know if that's the official name, but that's where they got Walt's some of Walt's train cars in here. At least one of them. And some awesome train pictures. I try and show this every time I come in here cuz I think it's great history. I'm glad they still have it. And we're the only people in here. Yes, we'll go to Wilderness Fort Wilderness Campground on a golf cart tour December 22nd. Disney does Christmas like almost nobody else. Yeah, they do. Oh, two train cars here from the original Carolwood Pacific Railroad, which was in Walt's backyard. Walt probably sat on one of these. So, it's hard to read, but I'll read it to you. Before the Disneyland Railroad existed, there was the Carowwood Pacific, a miniature 1/8 scale steam railroad Walt Disney designed for his family home in Los Angeles. These original freight cars built by the first Disney Imagineer, Roger Broie, brought great joy to Walt, anyone who visited his 5acre property on Carolwood Drive. And you can see where people would sit on them. So fun. Sitting the rocking chairs by the fireplace, by the tree at night. There is magical. It is 100%. It's so peaceful in here. Yeah, it's a nice room to relax in. Here's a picture. If you're not aware of Walt's Railroad, I think most people are. This is a model of it. Wonder where the engine is. I wonder if it's in the Walt Disney Family Museum or something, but it does say Lily Bell here. And here is a picture. He have of course had quite the backyard there. Speaker is static in rhythm with the music. Yeah, that's fun. I've never been there. I've only seen it on stream. If anyone happens to get me wants a Christmas present, wants to get me a Christmas present, I'd be more than happy to receive those trains. Yeah, love that. Walt's remembering himself as a boy, running out to see the train come by on the trestle. So fun. That's why he's not looking at himself in the painting because that is him. [Music] Are you able to go visit that if you're not DVC? Absolutely. Just come in. And this original 35mm motion picture negative and print of Walt running his train. So this is what the print is here. Let me see if I can turn this light on and see if it's a little better. Oh yeah, that is better. It's just a little glare. There we go. Now you can see it. That nice. Okay. Well, let's head back to this video game table here, which is fun. Yes, you can go in the the the rooms or you can go in the lobbies, just not the pool. Yeah, the pool is the only thing that's restricted to guests only, which makes total sense. Hey, Telecon, thank you. [Music] Yeah, I'm excited. Thank you guys for getting us to almost 100 million views on the channel. Like, we're we're it's going to be today or tomorrow. I'll have to I'll have to let Jenna know, too. [Music] [Music] model trains were Walt's retro games. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, that was his memories of childhood. Good evening in late tonight, but glad I could make it. Nice. I'm glad you make it, too. This is the same music playing in the lobby, but it's easier to hear out here. I love how all this looks like a big Lincoln log set. [Music] Sounds like the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, but I could be wrong. I'm sure I'll get the claim on it later. I'm gonna spot or I'm gonna Shazam it. [Music] Nope. It's not doing it. I don't know what it is. [Music] It's very harmonious. It's a great way to describe it. Okay, so again, speaking of DVC, if you want to rent a DBC room for a fraction of the cost, just check out one of our awesome sponsors, David's DVC Rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. Again, that's dbcrequest.com/tv. Tell them Resort TV1 sent you. [Music] We also have resortbomes.com. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, just go check out resorttv1homes.com. Again, that's resort tv1homes.com. [Music] Check us out. Hit the contact us button. And uh one of our expert realtors brokered by expy will help you find your dream home here in Central Florida. That is resortv1homes.com. Anything with Suzanne was still a thing. Uh, I find it works the best when it comes to identifying music. But maybe there's another one that I am not aware of. [Music] [Music] Right. [Music] Anyway, [Music] thanks for being here everybody. I hope you've enjoyed this. Audrey as much as I have. So, highly recommended. Obviously, if you haven't been here in person, you need to because it's one thing to see it on a stream. It's another thing to see it in person. It's awe inspiring. Breathtaking, in fact, and sometimes even ultra wide. And according to our awesome hoppers in the chat, 65 ft tall. Unreal. [Music] [Music] Hey What did you get? for you to find out. [Music] Thank you for making our super our supper times more enjoyable. You're very welcome. [Music] Okay. Excuse me. You like it? So happy we were able to see him on his first day up. Nice. I'm glad you were, too. So, this is the front of the Whispering Canyon Cafe where you can ask for a ketchup and get 20 bottles. Not always, but they do different things. I asked for a Coke and I got like three pictures of Coke one time. Yes, I'll show the gingerbread again if you want. I did show it earlier, but that's okay. We can do it again. Thank you for taking us here. It is just beautiful and the perfect kind of festive. Thank you. Really? I thought some of the decorations were ghost from Pac-Man. It does kind of look like that, doesn't it? Let's go closer. Let's go close to the tree. No, I'm good on ketchup. David, thanks. Yeah, for whatever reason, they didn't do that to me for ketchup. But they definitely did it when I asked for a Coke refill. It's like there's no way I can drink all this. So, you can see a little clearer view of the uh tree. Maybe we'll crank the quality a little bit. [Music] Good evening. We just got back from login at Hobot now. Animal Wilderness Lodge. Awesome. Yeah, we know about the login. We do. [Music] So nice. Okay. No, I did not drink all three pictures. 100% did not. [Music] [Music] All United midnight. The lobby's quiet like a museum. Yeah, I'm sure that's true. [Music] All right, let's go down to Fort Wilderness. So beautiful watching this with Orlando being 72 and it being 24 in Maine. Yeah. You want a a giant rocker. David, you guys have a fireplace, right? So you can get a you can get a rocker by your fireplace. Absolutely. That's a thing. All right. I will be back. I can't only I can't only visit this once a year. So, let's head around the corner here. Oh, this is the green sleeves from London Symphony Orchestra, I believe, or something. They play it at Fort Wilderness, too. You know what? This may be the same music from Fort Wilderness. All right, so here I'll show you the menu for the pretty much the same menu as a lot of the uh gingerbread houses. [Music] There you go. So, if you missed that, you can go back and re rewind and pause. But that's the menu for the tree. Robert Shaw Orchestra. Yeah, maybe. I don't know. I want to say it was London Symphony when I did the uh Shazam on it last time. Yeah, the walking trail, the Fort Wilderness is still closed. Has been for a long time. I think when the when the new resort opens, hopefully they'll open up the uh walking trail. We'll see. All right. Well, goodbye for now, beautiful tree. [Music] We're in Evansville just down from the wall again. Nice. [Music] There's one more look at this. [Music] All right, let's head down to um head down to the boat dock. Of course, we can't go out this way like we would normally would be able to, but they're getting some uh [Music] getting some construction done there. And this is uh Territory Lounge and Artist Point. Artist Point is a character dining now. Too bad the house wasn't up. Yeah. I don't know when they put it up, but it's nice to see it for sure. [Music] Uh, did I see the hidden Mickeys? No, I didn't. I didn't show those. Sorry. There's one also in the fireplace. Or a few. Too bad you can't go in. Yeah, you'd have to shrink yourself like um Honey, I shrunk the the kids there. Rick Morannis. the Royan Fork food court area. Pretty small, but it works. Okay. And then most of the dining area is out here outside. Take another look at the waterfall real quick. All right. [Music] There's the pool still open for now. [Music] The weather. No, the weather is great. What is it right now? 72. Very nice. [Music] [Music] Pool closes at 10:00. Wow. Nice and late. Okay. Heat. Heat. [Music] Love these boardwalks. They're so peaceful at night. Oh, that might be the boat I want. Let's see. That is the boat I want. Let's see. Okay. [Music] How many? Just one. Okay. I got two. You have two. We'll make it work. Okay. Christmas. I have a lot of Karen. I mean, they're all I don't know where we're going next, but we'll see. left very [Music] welcome aboard. For your safety, please remain seated, keeping hands, arms, feet, and legs inside our home at all times and supervise your child. Now, relax and enjoy your food. We'll have you call in just a few minutes. Thanks for sailing. I told her I said everything. You know where allow you to growing up that way. He was nice. All right. I looked at it. All right. So, looks like we're heading to Contemporary. So, I'll probably go ahead and uh or maybe not. Yeah, looks like we are. I'll probably head to probably stay on and head to Fort Wilderness. Yeah. Don't really We're like arms. We're going to be all right. Yeah, I know. I looked up. I know. I was thinking All right, give me one second. [Music] If you're getting off here at the Contemporary, please gather your belongings time and watch your step. You are now clear to exit the boat. Gather all your personal items and take small children by the hand. Please take your time and watch your step. On behalf of the captain, thanks for saving us. Oh, thank you. Appreciate it. A thank you. Take small children by and watch your stay here. I'm going to move up just so I can not have to twist myself. There we go. Okay. All right. We're heading to Fort Worth. Then we'll head back over here. Do what? We'll head back over here to Contemporary to finish up the night, but be nice to go to both. I think tonight I always love Fort Wilderness. Teach small children and watch your step. Thanks for watch. Did you ask? Did you ask? Did you ask? Please take your time and watch her step. I'm not into their army. Just don't get worried about the ropes and chains. You have one of those bounces. Yeah. Well, Michael, yeah, we did you did miss the lodge. I'm sorry. Uh, we're on our way to Fort Wilderness. We did Wilderness Lodge already. I went and that's okay. Thanks, Tracy. That's funny, David. Yep. You can definitely get drenched on that. That's for sure. [Music] Okay, sing it. That's a great picture. like he's helping the other boat over there. Not sure. They might be having trouble getting it into the dock. Yes, I remember. David, that's crazy. Yep. That was very wet. Can we share the No, that's awesome. Christopher. Yeah, it's a always great resort. Are you talking about the Contemporary or the Fort Wilderness or sorry, Contemporary or Wilderness Lodge? Maybe Contemporary since that's where we are. Uh my dog's doing great, Tracy. U you know, Jenna's dog Chloe of course is not doing as great because she's a little little older, but she's doing as as well as can be expected. too. It's nippray. Okay, cool. I just got the November Compute Gazette issue trip to be reading it 35 years later. That's crazy. That is so cool that they brought it back out. Do they actually do uh physical copies then or they they didn't just do it online? What's going on? He's over here. and he's chatting with his friend, I guess. That's right. If you're thinking about being a Hopper member, you can go to that link that Amara just set up. Yeah, I got lots of things here. Oh, while we're waiting, we should probably talk about um weight time weight time TVs and weight time displays. That' be another good thing to do here. All right. So, yeah. Um check out wait time signs and wait time displays. Wait time TV. You can bring the magic of the parks to your house. There's so many cool things that you can do with them. You can do fireworks, private fireworks streams. You can do all kinds of cool stuff. Check them out. Let's see if I can find them. Here we go. All right. Just real quick. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Here [Music] [Applause] we go. Once again, And we're back. Enjoy the ride. So, go check those out. Awesome sponsor at weightsigns.com. Use code resort 15 for 15% off. Weightsigns.com. Use code resort 15 for 15% off. Hopefully, we're back. Oh, there back. Awesome. Piano Rob is, I believe, the name of the piano player from the live piano bar. We'll be back to Contemporary in just a minute. [Music] Lake side. What was it? WW&T. I wasn't sure. No, David. No investment advice. Oh, there's Humphrey the Bear. Hold on. See it? Oh, hold on. All right. The windows make it look like a bear. Good night, Amy. Maybe [Music] all of Almost there. Stretch. Stretch down. No, Angela. Not chilly at all. It's perfect. That was Discovery Island, by the way. Right there. Somewhere over there is where the Liberty Bell is. All right. That's right where those lights are. You can't see it, of course, but it's there. Actually, I think I just did see it, but you wouldn't see it on the stream. in the day you'd really see it. I'm not a big fan of the new resort either, but we'll see. I think I think I said 9:45. Oh, that's awesome. John, take your tail, John. Christmas fantasy. Nice. is already lit up. Yeah, there's lights in each room. I remember the water sprite boy boats. They were awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Okay, let's go. water skiing. Yeah, they did here in Bay Lake for a while. I remember the water mouse boats. Water mouse, water sprites. They had different names, but they were so fun. And again, if you hadn't heard why they stopped offering them um during CO, the company that made them and made the parts for them went out of business because, you know, people just stopped using that kind of stuff for a while with the shutdown and it uh they were the only company that made parts for them. So, they had to they stopped days tomorrow. Water president may be out now. Yeah, maybe. I didn't hear a single joke. I know. I want my money back for that jungle cruise. At least there was no investment advice. And that guy working 24 hours a day and everything. There was a guy on the boat last time. He was talking about how you work 24 hours a day. I worked every day, every shift. I was very proud. I get it. If you work hard, you're proud. But yeah, it was a story for everybody to hear. [Music] We all complain about the DV DVCs when they open. If we all go running in to see what they look like, well, you know, we will because, you know, that's part of covering the channel. But yes, I I get see your point for sure. All right. So, we try to call the company and buy their stuff and try to bring it back. I know, right? I think it's long gone. I think that was 2020. So, but they've been gone for a while. But I'm surprised no other company makes little boats. That's kind of surprising. Kind of surprising. All right, let's go check out the Christmas tree and then we'll go see a few decorations here and there. And we'll be back here on December the 22nd. So, you uh don't want to miss that. Why the water mice went away? Yeah, that's why they were so fun. I'm sure they were a liability, too. So, I'm sure there were people, especially in the legal department, the insurance department, whatever, that were probably relieved, but um I don't know. They were super fun. I miss Discovery Island, too. Very nice. Okay, let's see. Let's go. Right here. More bikes than I remember. Did that look like that? So, we'll be back again on the 22nd to do a full golf cart tour of this beautiful place. Last time we were here, it was Halloween time. So, this is fun. To see it all lit up for Christmas. Hello, Roxan. How are you? Good to see you. [Music] Ashley or Ashley Ashley brand with Sea Racer. I believe so, too. So, wait, Sea Racer is not a thing anymore? [Music] That seems unlikely. They made all kinds of boats. Or maybe they just discontinued that line. Maybe maybe Seaca is still a company, but they just discontinued that line. I don't know. That was just the story I heard. I think it was somebody in the chat that said it, too. All right. Here, let's Oh, wow. Let's go over here by the uh by the stables. They look really pretty. Yeah, they used to do parasailing. They did so much stuff in the lake water sports and things like that. Okay, so over here are the DVC models for the uh cabins. Uh Roxan, I'm doing great. Thanks for asking. Yeah, Christmas is my favorite time at this resort. Even though I love love love Halloween here, this is truly magical. But there's something just uniquely gorgeous about this place. I I know the resort over there is going to take away some of the ambiance, but still nice. Yeah. Uh I I think you're allowed to stream the hoop to do Yeah. I've never done it before, but I think you're allowed to. I went with the Orlando guy a couple years ago. I enjoyed it quite a bit. We had to tow them pretty often with the lake lake patrol boats. Oh, really? Glenn, did you Oh, did you work did you work at uh you worked for water watercraft here at uh Disney? That's cool. Cray made the boats. They're still in business, but the sea races were discontinued. Maybe. I I don't know. I That's just what I've heard. I may be mistaken. So, but I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. All right. Oh, okay. All right. Here. This is closed, but we're just going to show it from the front. How fun. Look. Oh, wow. Oh, they got the Oh, they got the sleigh rides ready to go. How fun. Let's go over here really quick. Very cool. Buddy. Hi. Are we just checking in? Just looking at the decorations. Thank you. Houston, you ready? Follow me. Yes, you can still rent pontoons. Correct. They used to get there, too, David. I think you were talking about that. They don't have that anymore. Isn't that nice? Wow. Oh, wait. Is it just open? It looks like it's open. Yeah, there's people in there. We can go in. How fun. I like that. Yes, I worked late patrol back when they had them. Okay. Well, so there's one reason, too. Maybe they were not as reliable as what you would have liked. Thank you for not petting or feeding the horses. Roxan, $10. Pair character fly in the air with a red cape and a smile on his face. Thanks, Roxan. Wow. Gorgeous. [Music] Here's Samson. Who's this? Red. Thanks, Roxan. A little bit of an exhibit about Walt and horses with some beautiful decorations there. We don't usually come in here on the uh golf cart tours. We don't have time. So, there you go. Let's see what see which horses are over here, too. So, they have they have some over there, but of course, you can't go back there. This is just for those are for uh the cast members only. So, this is the collap. I don't know if it works right now or not. Looks like it does. Oh, dear recording of it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. [Music] Look at the history to her. She goes, "Oh, there's cookies in there." And she goes, "They have raisins in them." And I'm like, "Oh, you have raisins." She goes, "No, I didn't put raisins." How fun. Look at this. Is this Oh, this is [Music] It came down to m It came down to price to maintain the boat. Yeah. Could be. That could be. Very true. Uh here's Buzz. These are the miniature miniature horses or ponies. Paint horse, it says. Okay. And he's getting some food. I won't bother you while you're eating, bud. I'm glad you get a good dinner. [Music] It's beautiful. And I hear somebody getting a blowout. Yeah. How fun. So, pony riders have to be under 80 lbs, be under 48 in, and be led by a parent or adult guardian. How fun. Liam's ridden a real horse. His uh Steph's cousin has um a ranch and a few horses, a couple horses. And so, yeah, that's pretty awesome. [Music] I think some of these uh horses that pull the carriages uh like the one right there that's leaving right now. I think one of those is Dragon, which is one of the bigger horses in the uh in Disney's stables. Yeah, it looks like him. He's a big boy. Amazing. Yeah, I like the music, too. How fun. Have a good night. You, too. That was nice, wasn't it? I like doing this stuff like just different things, you know? just like I love the parks, but just getting out of the parks and just enjoying all everything that Walt Disney World has to offer. Like it's truly a whole, you know, like this this park is big enough to be a county in lots of areas. It's not. It actually makes up parts of a few a couple different counties, but um it is much much larger than what a lot of people realize. A lot of people just know Magic Kingdom, you know, the castle and all that. That's Disney World and it is, but that's not the only thing. So, so cool to be to be here and to enjoy some different things. They would let Gestes like this. Yeah. So, um, they have they have the fences, of course, and then they have another rope keeping people back from the fences cuz they don't want anybody, you know, putting their hands in there and and getting a fingernip or something if the horse was in that type of a mood. So, yeah. Um, I mean, obviously you could get past the ropes and this and that, but I think most people are respectful of the animals, so that's good. Of course, they're so cute. Yes, they're all amazing. So, this is the Welcome Home Center. That's where you can see some examples of vacation club villas and stuff. Twice the size of Manhattan. Wow. I thought it was the size of Manhattan, but it is twice the size. It's crazy. Anyway, it's it's big. Whatever it is, that's big. What can I say? I'm a sucker for harmony. Like I like different chords and creative ways of using chords and melodies together. Like it just makes me happy. [Music] Yeah, Christmas music is among the best. It's amazing how many songs are written about just Christmas, the shared, you know, interest in just preserving the magic of such a amazing holiday. And whether you celebrate it as a religious holiday or whether you celebrate it just as a holiday with family and friends, it's very magical. I don't know if that opens or the same, but it could be the last. That is so true. Ray Rose. [Music] [Music] I've always liked this version of the song. I remember hearing it on all of our Christmas party or Christmas uh golf cart tour videos. I don't know. You know, when I was a kid, I probably would have thought, "Oh, that's elevated music." But if you really listen to it, if you really like actually listen to the way it's played and every once in a while, you know, you'll think you know where it's going and then you're like, "Oo, that's not what I thought was going to happen." And it's I don't know. As me as a musician, it's just so cool to hear people be creative with harmony. Goodness. Okay. So, we're going to have to figure out. Let's see. When does this close? 9. This used to close at like 5, which was weird to me, but now it's open longer. Smell in here. So, good. All right. [Music] music will put you to sleep. Hey, nothing wrong with that. [Music] Oh, I hadn't seen that Toy Story one. How fun. That's a fun shirt. I've been saying for a long time like they needed more, you know, shirts of the resorts and stuff and they really have delivered. That's a fun one. Chip and Dale, a kid shirt. Smokey the Bear. Nothing really changed since Halloween other than just added the Christmas merch. So, there's not really a ton of specific um Fort Wilderness Christmas merch. Probably more things in the uh Meadows shop. Well, this Okay, here's a specific Fort Wilderness Christmas shirt. There you go. Right there. California near the parks. Uhoh. Did we lose chat again? Hold on. No, we didn't. Okay, good. Good. Good. Good. Yeah, the Toy Story one's cute, too. For sure. I like it. I like it a lot. Let's go down to one of these loops here and just give you a little preview of what we're going to be seeing on December 22nd. $1,000 reward for information concerning the person or persons responsible for the death of investigator Jim Allen. $1,000. There you go. So, if you guys know, let them know. Might be might be a hundred years or so too late. A couple hundred years maybe, but you know, you can still let them know if you want. The Merch team has really stepped up. I agree. Like I think that's the thing like they finally realized like like all these third party companies were making better shirts than Disney for a while and I mean you know if I was Disney I would have been calling up these designer be like hey you guys want to work together cool or you know finding designers that were on that level which they obviously did cuz it wasn't like people didn't want to buy it they just wanted better stuff and they got it. Okay. So, yeah, not as many decorations as there will be, but a few little inflatables here and there. Always enjoyable. As we get closer to Christmas, it'll truly be a winter wonderland around here. People who stay here really do a great job decorating. There you go. How fun. It's a nice display. Also, happy birthday. There we go. Love your Halloween golf cart broadcast. Definitely won't miss the one on the 22nd question. Can you park at Magic Kingdom or ride over boat over a miss golf cart? Uh, no. So, okay. Yes, you can. You can park at Magic Kingdom TTC, ride a boat over here. Yes, you can. No, you can't rent a golf cart. You have to be staying here. You have to have a campsite here. Now, you can see there's empty campsites. It's not full. Obviously, it's very dark, but there are empty campsites here. There's also a random cabin here. I always wonder about that. There's a couple random cabins right here, but no, you cannot rent a golf cart unless you have a campsite here. So, I probably need to start heading back here pretty soon, but I just wanted to give you a little a little idea of what we're going to be seeing. And it's going to be more than this, but let's hear. Okay, here's a really good site up here. Let's let's give us let's give a little give a little tour of some Christmas. So, yeah, on the 22nd, you're going to see amazing decorations just like this. I know. I didn't know this was the Fort W stream. No, just just a little preview. A little preview. Wow. How fun is that? I love the signs for all the parks. How fun. That's funny, David. Okay, Epcot and everything. There you go. All right, let's walk around this way. All right. So, we're going to head back, but I just wanted to give you a little Bucky. Yeah. Bucky number one. Exactly. You guys are already starting the countdown. Yeah. I think we're gonna we're gonna head back here in just a second. And uh I hope that you enjoy this little tease preview if you will of the Fort Wilderness Campground stream. Trust me, it'll be way more than this once we come down here. Is the horse coming? I think the horse is coming. It's kind of dark back here. So people staying here put all these decorations up. The ones over by the common areas of course are Disney, but the ones over here our guest put up. We're in a golf cart to do your tour. Yes, we will. We already have Hey, Retro. How are you? Retro WDW in the house. Yes, we did rent our golf cart. So, we are ready to tour. We're going to do it December 22nd. There'll be more decorations up then. So fun. But I can't definitely can't leave Jenna out of that one. We'll be in Disney World in 10 days. Not that I'm counting. I know, right? Let's wait for the horse to go by. Horse is a horse. Of course. Of course. Hello, I'm Mr. Red. There they go. [Music] [Music] Clippity clop. [Music] Very nice. All right. Well, let's get back on the boat. Thanks for staying with me tonight. Glad you guys enjoy the stream. Again, it's nice to do something a little different. I thought about going to Epcot tonight. Was like, I've done a lot of Epcot lately and obviously can't go to Magic other than I did go, you know, I did do it a little bit, but I can't do a lot of time at Magic because of the uh um the Christmas party. So, it's like, you know what? Let's uh let's do a little Fort Wilderness Wilderness Lodge thing. Love that it's decorated. Yeah, that is cool. For sure. Okay, so also, let's talk about my cruise video. I put the Disney Destiny Day 2 video up. I know not a lot of people saw it cuz it's been a busy day, but please go watch it. I would appreciate it. Even if you can't do it tonight, please bookmark it to watch later. It's a lot of fun. It's one of one of my favorite videos that I've done for a while. Uh, it was a lot of work on it. Probably another 10 10 hours maybe of editing on this thing. So, I would so much appreciate you watching my Disney Destiny cruise vlog day two. It's got some highlights of the Lion King show as well as my review of Hercules. Obviously, I couldn't couldn't video Hercules, but my review of excuse me, my review of Hercules. It's got the new Corell Corella Deville show. had a front row seat for Kella, which was awesome. So, yeah. Anyway, go check out the cruise vlog, please. I appreciate it. Vlog was great. I watched it earlier today. Thanks. And I know that it was long, but I cut it down from like 2 and 1 half hours to an hour and 20 minutes, so I did my best. Oh, good. Here comes a boat. Thanks, Nanny Poo Bear. Can watch it next. Yeah, I'm sure the moppers can link it up. I think, you know, because I posted at a weird time, YouTube didn't really push it out very much. So, that would be awesome if you guys could go watch it, give it a view, give it a like and a comment. You know the drill. Looking forward to day two. It was so fun. And then I'll put day three up as soon as I can. It just takes a while to edit these things. I have this permanent permanent uh affliction of putting too much like taking too much video. See which boat am I looking for here? Oh, this is the one I want. Yay. How fortunate. All right. This is the blue flag boat that goes between um Wilderness Lodge, Fort Wilderness, and Contemporary. I'm going to take it to Contemporary. Look around there a little bit and then call it a night. How fun. Now, what's half so far? It's fantastically done. Love the Haunted Mansion. That suite is spectacular. Yeah, this Oh, that's the other thing. I toured the amazing suites, which are really, really cool to see. I actually went through the video like three times to try and cut it as much as possible. So, but the cast members were so good. Like they had, you know, a lot of the cast members had longer explanations of stuff, but they were so good. I didn't want to cut any of it. So, um but if you're not as interested, you know, you can always you can always cut some of that. But yeah, so I'll be right with you. Oh, sure. Thank you. A lot of Disney content creators dropped their resort strolls festival the holiday videos today. Disney content viewers had a lot of Oh, really? I didn't know that. Interesting. I didn't even see a lot of those. Hey Josh, great to see you again. Happy Tranquil for a great night. Checking out the cool Christmas decorations. Yes. It's a fun one. All right. Well, we're gonna wait until we got our our turn and then we'll head back over. I used to draw my dad. So, it should go to Wilderness Lodge next, I think. Jenna's husband. Uh, brother. Brother. Yeah, we're brother and sister. I thought y'all were there. No, the whole time. Yeah, her her husband is Dale. But yeah, nice to meet you. Okay. Nice to meet you. Have a great night. Yeah, you you too. Uh, please. If there's a Christmas party, it's probably at 10. If there's no Christmas party there at 9, I'm not sure, but it's it's probably 10 to 9 to 9. Now, it's 10:00. There is a Christmas party. There is. Okay. Do you go back? Uh, I'm heading to the lodge and then back to the Contemporary. Okay. Right this morning. Thank you. Please take back here. Uh on behalf of the captain, thanks for safer. Actually, here. Let's go over here. We'll be able to see Wilderness Lodge better as we come up to it. All right, here we go. Oopsy daisy. All right, great video. Very peaceful. Thank you. Please take your time. Yes, Jenn and I are brother and sister. Close to 10 different channels dropped their content. Really? Wow. I didn't even I don't even see it. The crews pushed everyone to drop their videos at the same time. Interesting. I don't know. I was I was cruising, of course, at a different time, but I didn't know. I saw Jojo had a cruise video, but I'm a little late on mine. Like I was I was lucky to be able to have the video up. I had the earlier cruise, but I didn't take I didn't take advantage of it by putting the video out on time. Welcome aboard. For your safety, please remain seated, keeping hands on inside our boat at all times and supervise your children. Now, relax and enjoy your crew. We'll see you at your port of call in just a few minutes. Attention all watercraft. One string of the electrical water patchet will be crossing the water bridge from 7 to Bay Lake in approximately 2 minutes. Please adjust your cycles on boarding the light for you. Copy. Copy. John. [Music] Yep. Everybody watch out for the pageant. It's coming in hot. Oh yeah. No, I never said there wasn't going to be a stream tonight. watched just about all the second videos. Fantastic person. I enjoy the longer format. You showed a lot more than other creators. I really enjoyed it. Thanks. I think a lot of people just don't watch our vlogs because they subscribe mostly for the uh for the streams and so, you know, it's just part of part of growing the channel the way we did. There's Humphrey right there. See him? Let me zoom out just a little more. We can get off of this double zoom lens. So, there you go. There you go. I always try and show more and everything, but um I always dream that one of these days our vlogs will take off a little bit, but it's not really what we're known for. And I'm I'm probably not the best vlog editor compared to a lot of the uh the main vloggers. They usually do cut them down a little better than I do. I just like everything I film, so then it's hard for me to cut it. Oh, that's fun. Robert, welcome, Jessica. I'm glad you're here. Heat. Heat. Thanks, Debbie. I appreciate that. I appreciate it, Karen. Thank you. And thanks to those who do be watching. I do appreciate it. vlogs get a variety of content beyond normal live streams. Thanks TV1 hands down is one of the highest quality streaming channels. Always consistent. Thank you. Appreciate that. I met some people up north who only live stream ever, chat, comment, or like, but who never watch anyone but you. Well, thank you. I do appreciate I mean I do hear that from a lot of people that they don't watch any of the other streamers except us. And you know, it's very humbling. I appreciate it. Like obviously, you know, people are allowed to watch whoever they want, but we appreciate it if you guys make it a priority to watch us. Well, obviously too negative, really taxing to watch for more than a few minutes. Yeah, I agree. I don't watch any of them. I watch mostly tech stuff. It's hard for me to watch Disney content because I'm too critical. [Music] I'm too critical of the content a lot of times. Even though it is good, guys are point over there. All right, we're going to stay on the boat and ride to Contemporary Live stream makes you feel like you're there. Yeah, I think that's the appeal for a lot of people. Plus the the interaction, which you can't do on a vlog. A lot of the vloggers won't do a live stream because they feel like it breaks their vlog numbers. Like I think they see that our vlogs don't get good views and maybe they think that like that would happen to theirs if they did streams cuz some of the vloggers were doing live streams for a while and that they stopped. So who knows? Tim, Molly, Dev, Meg, Adam, Jojo all had videos today. Wow. Cotis in town has been hitting the parties. Yeah. No, appreciate that. I like I said, there's a good there's a good number of people watching tonight. So, I I do appreciate it. Uh I'm grateful cuz you and Jenna gave me a community of Disney loving friends who become family. Nice. Best stream on YouTube. Hands down, you're funny, engaging. I've learned so much about Disney because of your channel. Thanks, Michael. Thank you, Christopher. Sure. Yeah. Heading to Contemporary. Yep. Yeah. David, that's cool that you were in one of those Imagineering videos. How fun. You are now clear to exit the boat. Gather all your personal items and take small children by the hand. Please take your time and watch your step. On behalf of the captain, thanks for saving us. Take small children by the hand and watch your step. Please take your time. Watch your step. Watch your step. And thanks for saving us. Take small children by the hand and watch your step. Thanks for saving us and watch your step. Please take your time and watch yourself. Yeah, glad you're here, Leo. Love your vlogs. As a matter of fact, my friend was considering renting a hospitality suite and he wanted to know what it looked like and I said, "My friend has a video." Nice. First bench right here. I watched someone live stream for the Beach Boys and honestly the quality compared to yours was so poor. Oh, really? Wendy, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you didn't take any of that. Not at all. Nope. Please take your lunch right here. My last step you do a stream with your father showing his strange. Yeah, it might be easier to do a video of that for sure. I'm going to put this little bag. Yeah. Hold on. I got David, you're too funny. Thanks for saf. Thanks for sailing with us. Matt wants to know what again will I use a mosa mini MX battery. Please take your time. Watch your step. Watch your step and thanks for sending us. Take small children by the hand and watch your step. Thanks for sailing with us and watch your step. Please take your time and watch your step. Watch your step. Thanks for check this one. Welcome. For your safety, please remain seated, keeping hands, arms, feet, and legs inside our boat at all times and supervise your children. Now, relax and enjoy your cruise, and we'll have you at your port of call in just a few minutes. Thanks for sailing. All right, here we go. I know you get there by bus from both ends of Disney World here. Yeah. How do you get to hear it from your contemporary school? My gosh, David, you're so funny. Yeah, you need a gimbal if you're going to live stream because otherwise it's going to be just handheld shakiness and stuff. So, we're going to Contemporary and we're going to wrap it up there. I mean it's just I don't know. Okay. Continue doing operation motors. Attention all we preparing to cover your ABC. Thanks, Angel. I appreciate it. We'll see. Yeah. We'll see you Friday. Jen will be live tomorrow, too. I think mom and dad are going to join us, so stay tuned for that. Heat. Heat. Okay, folks. Hold [Music] right back. [Music] Yeah, no wigs on. That's right. Please take your time and watch. Thank you. Okay, we made it. Welcome to the contemporary. It's always a cool shot right here. Very cool. Grey Rose Adventure sitting out on the dock with both my kids back in July watching the water parade. Nice. So, we'll go up in here and we'll um show the uh gingerbread castle again and then we'll probably wrap up after that since I got school tomorrow. I wish I could stay till 10:00 and do the uh fireworks, but I'm already pretty tired, so I think I should probably wait and do that a different night. I did it last Tuesday, which was awesome, but there'll be other days. I need to take care of myself better. [Music] Want to be there so badly to experience the parties, decorations, special snacks, and the beautiful resorts, but can't come. So, thank you for taking me along for sure. Okay. So, I'll take wooden nickels. Good call, David. Working out for the rest of us. Sure. I try [Music] [Music] Nice Christmas music here, too. [Music] Hey, James. Need to rewind and check the decorations. Yes, it's been a great night. So, definitely good idea. to check the decorations. Do fire alarm testing. Always important. All right. Going up. Thanks for the awesome stream. It's always fun to tune in and watch with you. You're very welcome. So glad you enjoyed. Again, go check out the cruise line vlog. Go check out all of our awesome sponsors. We talked about weight signs earlier, weightsigns.com, all the fun things there. So, go check it out. You're going to be, as they say, you'll be glad you did. It is very, very, very fun to watch the cruise video. That's a good one. Um, yeah, we have a lot of uh a lot of fun stuff coming up. Friday's going to be a good one, too. Absolutely, David. Yeah, it was always my dream to stay here, too. And I'm glad I got to stay a couple times. I've actually never stayed in the main tower, but one of these days I will. Do you get copyright hits on the Christmas music? Yeah, sometimes I do. Sometimes I do. All right, let's go. Did Ryan take a bath? Let's go to uh check out the gingerbread castle. Have an early morning. We can see the fireworks another time. Yep, for sure. I appreciate you guys staying as long as you did. Been a good crowd tonight. good numbers, which is good. This time of year, it's always a lot of things competing for people's attention, so we're glad you guys are here. Yeah, I do usually get up around 5:30, so it comes early. If I wanted 8 hours, I'd have to go to sleep in 15 minutes. He had long arms. There we go. on Saturday night? Probably. Yeah, probably. There's a couple things going on that I might be doing, but we'll see. I think I'll probably be streaming Saturday cuz next Saturday I'll be at the Magical Night of Hope. So, I want to be able to stream a regular stream uh next Saturday or this coming Saturday, too. [Music] I was so impressed with how awesome Sting Resort was. We were looking to stay in the tower. It was hands down amazing. Yeah, it really is. Really, really is. So people are taking pictures, so I'm trying to stay off to the side. But isn't that awesome? Gingerbread Castle and Montreal. So magical. [Music] You also have my undivided squirrel. That's right, David. So fun. Hi, how are you? Yeah. Yeah, you can. You guys can go in front of me. Go ahead. I I'm not I was literally just showing it just kind of on the side. So, go. Oh, thank you. Oh, no. You're good. I don't want to I don't want to monopolize it. Thanks for watching, guys. Sorry. Happy holiday. These classic Christmas songs are so fun. From another era for sure, but still relevant today. Kind of reminds you of just pure joy and happiness that is uh absent from a lot of modern media and social media. It's kind of a nice to see that it still exists. Practicing sacks. Yeah, for sure. Absolutely. Practice E-haob on Monday. Last Monday actually. That was fun. Oh goodness. Goodness. The holiday season. The pizza gummies sound like fun, don't they? Squirrel. Oh, yeah. I have a lot of squirrel moments. If you watch for a while, you'll see a lot of squirrel moments. Sorry. Official Parks cookbook. I was just here a few days ago, so I probably don't need to like do a whole extensive shopping tour, but it is very, very cool. So, I'll probably head out and end on the balcony out here. The menu is very similar to here, let's go over here. Menu is similar to what you're going to get at uh Wilderness Lodge. It's a little different, but similar in a lot of ways. They do have a Hanukkah cookie here. It's fun. Coffee incoming. Have fun. [Music] One night when you watch ATA from the top, you should walk inside and show the concourse from there. Didn't need perfect. Oh, yeah. Oh, you mean you mean like from from up here? Yeah, it is actually cool from up here. You're right. I need to do that. And I haven't actually We haven't done that. You're right. Good call. I'm glad they have the green lights on. At least go around the back here. And I'm going to say good night to everybody. Thank you for watching. Thanks for being here. Let's see what I'm trying to think if I didn't need to talk about any of their awesome sponsors. Oh, Disney Demystified. We got Disney Demystified and um what's the other one? And uh Behind the Ride. Disney Demystified and Behind the Ride on Amazon. Definitely go check it out. Um those are uh books you can get on Amazon to learn all about your favorite Disney rides and how they were created. So just go check it out. Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. So fun. Here, let me go. Let's go up balcony and we're going to see see a little Hi. Hey. Hey, how's it going? Good. You guys all the time see cuz you were just on the shirt. Yes. Hi. Yeah. Just been kind of wandering around the hotels here and enjoying some uh some uh decorations and stuff. What do you about you guys? We've been doing tonight. We had steak dinner at the steakhouse 71. Came out here. Enjoy a little bit. Nice. I think I smell it now. Something smells really good. A lot of snakes. Oh yeah. I need to try that. I have not been there yet and it's been open for a long time. So nice. I've heard they have good steaks and good burgers. So, we'll see. Maybe I'll have to try both. That's awesome. Well, thank you guys for watching. I appreciate it. You guys have a good rest of your night. Thanks. You, too. Bye. Thank you. Oh, yeah. You too. So, um, we were talking about Oh, um, yeah, Disney Demystified and Behind the Ride on Amazon by David Mower. You can go check those out. If you want to find out more about all your favorite Disney attractions, just go check them out. Also, we have um Dreamtable. Dreamtable is an incredible app that lets you book reservations without all the hassle and fuss. So, just go to uh dreamtable.co or you can go to um you can also actually go to um the app store and just search for Dreamtable. So, go check it out. Dream Table is a really great app and uh for your next trip, it will help you find your reservations you want. Here's the app. It's so easy to use. Just create an alert and pick your park, pick your experience, and then it keeps searching. If it can't find a reservation right away, it keeps searching until it finds something. It notifies you, and then you make the reservation yourself. It can't do it automatically, but it saves you the constant refreshing. It notifies you so you can go jump on and get it. Pork chop's amazing. Nice. Okay, Steakhouse 71 is one of the very good restaurants, the actually very good restaurants on property. Nice. I love that. So, go watch my cruise vlog. Definitely check us out on all the other social media. Jenna will be live tomorrow, I believe, at Disney Springs with mom and dad. I will be live uh on Friday, I believe. Jenna is not able to join me because of not having a party ticket, but that's okay. Uh she'll be back soon. She'll be back with us very soon. She wasn't able to get a party ticket for this. So, one of the one of the Christmas parties. So, yeah. Anyway, so we'll see. Did I just tell you what we were doing on Friday? I don't know. It's all right. I'm I'm sleepy. Uh anyway, it's going to be fun. It's going to be fun. I totally gave it away. That's all right. I meant I I almost did earlier tonight, too. So, it's fine. Well, for those of you guys who waited till the end, you got to hear it, so you know. So, all right everybody, thank you for watching. We'll see you very, very soon. And uh like I said, go watch the videos and we'll we'll um we'll see you on Jenna's stream tomorrow. Also, you can go check out the uh we're going to send you guys over to the 24/7 channel. So, um, go, um, go over to the 24/7 channel after this and you can watch and enjoy some awesome Christmas streams and videos. Fun, fun, fun. Lots of ninja and replay watching. Going through a tough time, but I had a moment. Wanted to say hi. A thanks if you can dream it. Appreciate that. #notmelony. All right. Is that the same if you can dream it, right, Heather? Okay. So either way, thanks for uh joining me. Thanks for being here tonight. Look at that. They they lit this area so nicely just for these just to do uh just to do these selfies for the ends of live streams. But anyway, um so yeah, check out the new vlog. We're going to send you over. I can't send you to the vlog cuz it's already uh posted. But we're going to send you over to um the uh 24/7 channel. So go check that out and we'll see you soon. We're going to Animal Kingdom. Yes. Yes. Animal Kingdom on Friday. So anyway, we'll see you guys. Yes. Yay. Okay, I got it. Awesome. I will see you guys on um on Friday Night Live and tomorrow on Jenna stream and also in the 24/7 channel. I have Christmas on the 24/7 channel, too. There's two streams on there. Go watch both. All right, we'll see you soon. All right, everybody. Thank you moppers for mopping all the time. We appreciate moppers so much. Thank you YouTube channel members for being channel members. We appreciate all of you. Thank you Patreon members for being Patreon. You guys are very much appreciated as well. Uh, and thank you to our uh, by the way, we have to do a celebration pretty soon if we hit 100 million views. I think it's going to be today or tomorrow. Thank you platinum members for being platinum members. It's $50 a month for platinum members. We appreciate you guys. Amy Moore, Grey Roads Adventures, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, uh, Go Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer and Mickey, William Lily, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Paulie, the amazing Jaylen Moxy, Cicandra, Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you to all of you so so very much. And uh we'll see you next time everybody. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. [Music] [Music] Thank you. [Music] That's bigger.
