---
video_id: ZZ0sv5ZGQQo
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Magical Monday at Epcot Festival of the Holidays 2025 - Walt Disney World Live Stream"
published: 2025-12-01
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZ0sv5ZGQQo
---
Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're here at Epcot for Magical Monday and for the festival of Before we get too far into the video, I want to make sure everybody is subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all the social media. We're Resort TV1 on all the things. Hi guys. Hey, T-Ird, Christopher Black, Grou, Iron Wolf, Peter, Lady Jamers. Hello. Oh, hi Pam. How are you today? Magical Monday. Yes, happy magical Monday, guys. It's going to be a fun day. We're going to go see um about trying some food at the food booth. So, if you guys are interested in what kind of foods they have this year, definitely stay tuned for that. We're also want to really meet Figment in his Christmas sweater. We'll go check him out and see how long his line is and just enjoy the day. We'll probably ride a ride or two as we go along. So, enjoy the day with us today, guys. And I'm not alone. Let's Sophia up here. I have Sharon. And we have our festival ears. Of course, you have to wear them today. Um, you know, it's beginning of the festival. And if we meet Pigment, these are going to be perfect. So, we'll see. But it's going to be a fun day. Are you ready to try some food? I'm ready. All right. I have a lot of good food. I have my book to the guys. Yes. Me, too. How many Cuz I know you were here the other day. How many cookies have you tried so far? I have tried four cookies. Do you need one more? Okay. So, I in fact, I just put notes in my phone about what should like I ranked them. I love that. Okay. So, I probably won't get cuz I need four more. That's a lot in one day. So, but at least we'll get to see what prize you get. Yes. Um cuz there's something that they give when you complete your cookie troll. So, you only need five. No, we're not going to do Olaf's expedition today, Christopher. We'll do it another day. Today is more about the food. But I definitely want to do that for sure. Hey, Virginia. Hi, Tony. Hey, Lori Poppins. All right, let's head towards Figment. See what his line looks like. If we can't get in the line, if it's too long, we'll at least just go say hi and see him in his cute little sweater. Yeah, we'll wave from afar. Hi, Diana. Tennessee Bear Noel. Hi, Val. Hello, Nia. How are you? A just what we need for the Monday blues. I'm glad that this is helping your Monday blues. I get it. I 100% get that. And that's why I like to go live on Mondays. Help you guys get through the beginning of your week. Hi Ryan. Hi Karen. John is here. She's excited. Have you guys seen pictures of Figment in his cute little um Figment sweater? It's different than the one they sell. And the one in the ride. It's a little different. Same pattern, just a little different. Yeah. And it doesn't have the emblem on the front. So, I did not notice that. Hey, Dingo and Mara. Hi, Bill. Paul, hello. Hello, guys. Share out the stream. Let everybody know we're live. Went live a little bit early today cuz I figured why not. We're here. Let's get started. We didn't have to eat lunch or anything cuz we're going to eat with you guys. It's going to be a a stroll and snack all day. That's going to be a big order. It is going to be a big order. Yes. Depending on how many people we get watching. Let's go towards the middle. We'll go that way. Do you want to do Nemo to Figment? If the line's not long, we could even ride Figment. Oh, yeah. See him in his Christmas sweater? It does lag a little bit, but you know, you guys are used to that. Lag never bothered us anyway. You had PB&J for lunch? I like PB&J. I always liked those. and they're probably not good for you, but the smuckers that are frozen. Um, when I worked retail, I would take one or two of those for my lunch and you just you keep them frozen and then in your lunch bag they would thaw out by the time like the lunch um they're like what are they? They're smuckers and they're just the crustless peanut butter and jellies. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Frozen. Wow. The line to meet Mickey and Minnie is not very long. Uncrustables. That's it. Yes. Those are very good. I found an Olaf. Even though we're not doing the I actually Okay, good to know. We'll remember that one for later. Wow, the sun is warm. Yes, it is. Much warmer today. Before actually, before we go to Figment, let's go on Communicore Hall. Yes. And show you guys the beautiful spaceship Earth Gingerbread. I'm sure Josh showed that to you the other day, but let's show it to you again. Gingerbread. Hi, Andrew. Santa's in there. Santa, hi. I know him. Hello. Hello. We're in Hollywood this morning. How are crowds in Epcot? It seems a little crowded. Um I haven't really looked at wait times yet, but it seems more crowded than it was on Friday, which is weird, but um crowded than I thought it would be. Yeah, 100%. Hope you have fun at Hollywood. DVC Andy says, "Uncrustables." Yes. Thank you, Andy. That's the word. All right, so over here some cookies. Oh, I'm getting in line. Whoopsies. Prototype cookie. Oh, they have a molasses prototype cookie and salted caramel spaceship cookie, which I've had. It's amazing, but it's it's very sharable. That's what that's what I felt about the molasses cookies. Really big. These cookies are all like crumble size cookies. They're Yes, they are. Hey, Britney. They're going to be here on Thursday. I love that. I know. Exactly. But they're not that expensive. Have you noticed that? Like $3 to $4 per cookie. That one was the the last was like 375 or something. Here you go, guys. Look how gorgeous she is. Oh my goodness. Oh, look. They have the tiny little pavilions. Yes. I just noticed that. Is that I think that's Italy or Morocco. This is Japan for sure. You see another one? Oh, that's China. And this is Japan, I think. Well, but I don't know. Oh, yes. No, you're right. That's Japan. Hi, Amy. Oh, that's so exciting. You'll be here this weekend. You know, it is hard to tell, but that's cool that they do that. There's another one. Or Germany. Norway or Germany. It's one of them. Yep, it is. And it plays music there. That's definitely Yes, definitely France. That one looks like China again, huh? I wonder if that's around. Yes, I think so. Oh, and there's one right here. This is definitely Japan. So, maybe they have more than one symbol per country. We need a cheat sheet. Yeah, we need a guide. You know, guess the season to pop the like button. And it does go um it has like it does lights and music. Looks like 9 minutes till the next one. But they also have merch in here. So they have cookies, they have tables, they have the awesome spaceship earth. Santa, I think this is so pretty. A great spot for this. Beautiful. Amazing. And the lighting is really good. Yeah, the lighting's great. Santa has a good spot. And then the merch. I do really like this bag. I love that bag. Look at him. So it is not Loungefly. So, it's a bit cheaper or lug. How much? So, it is uh $44.99. $45 before AP. Hi, Jedi. How are you? It's really cute. This is amazing as well. This one is $24.99. And then, of course, these amazing ears that we already bought. They're nice and lightweight, too. I love how lightweight they are. And then the mug is over here. Well, first of all, let's show us show you guys the shirt. This this shirt Sharon bought and I am thinking about getting. I love it. It is very cute. It's also $44.99. Same as the bag. I love his little face. And then the mug. I wish there wasn't gold on here and I would like cuz you can't microwave it or put it in the dishwasher. I do like it. Normally I don't like when things have the year but with a mug I think that's kind of a nice way to remember. Yeah. When you got it. I agree. $27.99. $27.99. So that's a dealbreaker for me if I can't put it in the dishwasher or the microwave. Same. Sorry. I need to do these things. And here is the sweater this year. It's a little different than last year. It's more sweatery material where last year was more like a thicker sweatshirt, long sleeve tea sweatshirt kind of, but it is $79.99. But this is what I was talking about. This emblem right here is the one Figment doesn't have on this sweater. So, it looks just like this without that emblem. This sweater is really soft, though. It is. It's nice. It is definitely worth the price. Yes. Oh, and then the spirit jersey is actually same price. I do love it, but I I'm not a fan of the color. The base color is not the most complimentary color on me. Some people wear color, same, but I also just don't think it goes with Agree. I don't know what color. Maybe a light blue. I would love it if it was light. Light blue would have been perfect. Um, yeah, this color key is adorable. Mhm. Love this. And then the back. Right here is what the back looks like. for $79.99. I'm so jealous of people who own dishwashers. My kitchen is too small. Oh no, Virginia. So, Virginia, you're the dishwasher. You're the dishwasher. We are in Epcot in Disney World, Logan. Hello, Tony Hall. Happy magical Monday. Oh, I cannot see. Okay, it is really nice out. It is gorgeous. The heat came back. It sure did. And then tomorrow's supposed to rain and then it's supposed to go back down in temperature again. Okay. So, we'll see. We'll see how that goes. But today is supposed to be partly sunny. Yeah. But it looks like it's clearing out really good. The clouds are starting to move. Hello Nikki Tobin. How are you? Happy Monday. Hi Paul. Welcome in. So let's go check out Mr. Figment in his outfit. Guys, share out the stream. I know I went live a little bit early, but let's go see what we can find out. Let's Oh, Figma's 5 minutes. Let's go do Figment. Wow. So, guys, it will lag. It always lags in here. Um, it's just what's going to happen. Just use your imagination. Exactly. I love that. Yes. Use your imagination if it lags, guys. Perfect. Um and then I'll fix it. I always do at the It's like in the middle is where it lags and right when we walk in cuz I'll be switching connections. So stay tuned as I do that and then it should be good to go. Go see him in his little Christmas sweater. Hi Terry. How are you today? Oh, it's okay. Go ahead. It's fine. Oh, got you. Okay. What happened? Did you pinch yourself? Okay. Hello, Indiana. All right, guys. I am going to be switching connections, so just stay tuned. Jen or Sean, you're right. It's funny. If it would have been Jen, though, that would have been funny. I like Jen better. All right, guys. Are we back? Let me know. Should be. I like this. If you're on the other side, you can actually see through to the line, which is kind of fun. And bam, we're back. Awesome. This looks longer than five, but all good. So, Figment and then maybe we'll meet Figment. I hope so. At least see him. We did. I love how everyone freaked out about his sweater. I mean, it's like the minor thing, but it's amazing. Like, you know what I mean? It's just like these little details that we love. And then we wanted the sweater. They brought us the sweater. So many years. You were saying Disney, you should make this. Yes. And I want to buy it, but I'm like, that's a lot of money. It is very cute. comfortable. Josh bought it. It's way more comfortable than last year's like Okay, good, good, good, good. So, that one. Oh, nice. Well, there you go. We'll see. But at least I have the ears that that are the same. So, I feel like I have the sweater. I'm actually surprised they didn't do his sweater in a spirit jersey form or a t-shirt form. You know what I mean? Just just like the make it look like his sweater but in a t-shirt next year Disney I would love that like an all over print shirt. Hi Edwin. Happy magical Monday. Hi Ally. What's that? It resembles a sweater but it's a t-shirt. Exactly. Like on hot days like today I almost was I took Chloe out right before I left. almost changing into jeans cuz I was like, "Yeah, it's cloudy. It's windy." And but then I looked at the weather. I looked at the weather and I hope it's not. I hope not. And it said it was going to be the same as yesterday. And I actually got warm at Hollywood. So I'm like, "Nope, I'm sticking to shorts." It's that time of year where you just got to bring layers. Hi, Brownie Brown. How are you? I got an Olaf plate and a Mickey spatula for collecting the cookies. Fun. Next year they are going to charge you to watch the fight. Wait, what? No, that Well, they charge everybody to get in. So, yes, they do charge you. You have to pay to get in. See, she's answering the phone. I'm good. Mhm. Dr. Nigel's assistant. Yeah, that's right. Mhm. Hey, Tim. How are you? Tim will be here soon. Hello, Tim. You hope Jesse Mouse gets that word? Yeah. Weather. Weather. There's Figment pops up here every once in a while. I'm pretty sure. Okay, I know I want to go to Germany cuz I love the schnitle there. Pork schnitle, too. And I like the Lindsor cookie. And I know they have a peanut butter cookie or something that sounds good. Yes. In sunshine season. We have to go there. Okay. It's a peanut butter cookie with lemon. Okay. And it's just a plain sugar cookie. Um I know they have that similar to it, but I don't know what I think at connection. Oh, Starbucks. Yeah. Or at I think it's I'm assuming it's at the Starbucks. I would assume. Yeah. They have more of the treats. Yeah. Okay. We're going to find out for you guys. It's not that for you. And it really wasn't very busy in there. Surprisingly, I just had coffee. I really Yeah. I was like, uh, we'll wait till after we eat the food and then we'll get At least for me. I had some this morning, too. My stomach's been a little lately, so I don't want to push the coffee like too much. I think it's all the rich food time lately. For my birthday, I have, you know, lots of sweets, which you do on your birthday. So, and I had a great birthday. So much fun. Um, sorry I missed Friday, but I had a great time with Sharon and Jesse. They spoiled me and it was awesome. And we got to eat all the things and try some yummy foods. We made her wear a sash and a tiara. It was amazing. It was so cute. I'll have to post some pictures. Yes. Really sparkly tiara and sparkly sash. I called it a birthday banner. Same thing. Yeah. Birthday banner. I was like, "My birthday banner stuck." And Jesse's like, "Your birthday banner." Yeah, it's my birthday banner. So now sashes are called birthday banners. Hi, Catalina. And I had a great day with Dale. We celebrated on Thanksgiving. I have a whole vlog coming out for that um over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale whenever I can get it edited. And um on Wednesday I celebrated with mom and dad and Josh and Dale. So so many fun birthday things. It was amazing. It was great. Oh, and Saturday night we went out with some other friends for my birthday. So super fun fun times. And thanks guys for all the birthday wishes. And I celebrated with you guys on Wednesday as well in the stream. I did post our Jollywood vlog yesterday. Um so if you guys missed it, it's over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. We had a great time. It was girls night at Jollywood and we just bring you along with all the fun that we had that night. We tried lots of food. We show you our amazing outfits. We met Duffy. That was a highlight for me. Bing bong. Bing bong. Hey, girly girl. Chip and Dale. Chip andale. Um, is that it? We tried to meet Rex, but he his line closed. Yeah, they cut his line off. We didn't get there in time. We saw Goofy dressed up in a tuxedo dancing. That was cute. Oh my goodness, Christopher. Oh, we did the Christopher. Thank you so much. Photo. Yeah, that's right. So, Christopher sent a $100 super chat. Says, "Happy Be Later birthday. Thank you for streaming." Oh my goodness. Thank you so much, Christopher. That is so sweet. Thanks, Christopher. I really appreciate it. That is very kind of you. Oh my goodness. Thank you so much. That is very, very sweet. Very kind. So, guys, can you believe it's December 1st? Nope. Me neither. Me neither. I really can't believe it. Hey Hersel and Margie, how are you? Lightning. And who is all decorated for Christmas? Did you get your tree up this weekend? Nope. That's all good. It's all good. Tomorrow. It's fine. I I talked about it. I said, "We should go like You should put our tree up." I said, "Andy." He said, "Yeah, we should." And then it sat there. Hi, Princess Kristen. How are you? Get the Stitch Dropbox set if you can. Oh, a You mean the the one from the Disney drop shop? That's so sweet. That's so sweet. I got one. I got the yellow one. Oh, yeah. I think that's what you meant. That's That's a really cute So cute. All those boxes were really cute. Christopher said he's working on the tree right now. That is perfect. Good for you. And you get to enjoy Epcot Christmas while you do it. That's right, Tim. It's the start of Tim's birthday and Andy. And Andy. Yeah. Tim and Andy both celebrate this week. Yeah. Hey guys. Pretty good. How are you? Good. Perfect. Thank you. Okay. That is a one. A. Thank you, Christopher. I will definitely pick up some. Oh. the one. Thank you. To ensure your safe tour of our sensory labs, please remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside your tort. Keep a watchful eye on your children and um Oh, yes. that. Please don't let your imaginations run wild. Welcome, welcome. Welcome to our special drive-thru open house. I'm Dr. Nigel Channing, chairman of the Imagination Institute. Hello. On your tour, you'll see how the five human senses can help capture your imagination. Oh. Oh. Can I go too? Absolutely not. Uh, this is one of our discoveries. The figment of imagination. Yeah, I know all about the senses. There's sight, sound, smell, touch. Gucci coochie go, and taste. Tastes like chicken. Can I go? Please, please, please. No, I don't want you out of my sight. Out of sight? Okay, come on everybody. Here we go. Pigment, you are not to interfere with the tour. Our first stop is the sound plan. We'll begin by testing your hearing with a series of tones. Left ear, right ear, left, right. What? This is odd. Um, hello. Who is this? It's Figment. Figment? I thought I told you not to interfere. But you've got it wrong, Doc. It's not about listening with your ears. It's about listening with your imagination. Now I've completely lost my train of thought. No, you haven't. It's over here. All aboard. Woohoo. Next stop, imagination. For every sound your ears are hearing, a thousand thoughts can start appearing. And each of us and learn different things from just the sound. Your mind has wings. Sure, you can see with your eyes, but imagine what you could see if you used your imagination. Follow the bouncing pigment. One spark of light can let your fancy. Your mind sees more than what your eyes see. Your sense of sight can make your fancy fly. Therefore, that means I imagination must be captured and controlled. Nhuh. Imagination was the best when it said just turn your imagination loose and anything can happen. Pigment. Pigment. He's gone. Our research shows that smells often trigger the imagination, especially when pleasant, familiar smells come to play. Come into play. I'd love to. This is not a good time. It's always a good time to use your imagination. So, let the good times roll. Woohoo! You win one. All that really stinks. The nose can send you reeling. One lovely can be appealing. You're finally fine. That's how you tell a ro. You know, I I'm sorry, but after that big stink in the smell lab, I hesitate to send you into the touch and taste labs. Perhaps I should end my open house right here. Great idea. We'll go to my open house instead. It's much more fun. Right this way, everybody. But what is going on? You're turning this entire open house upside down. Upside down? Now you're talking. That's the best idea you've had all day. With just a spark of inspiration, I made my house and imagining around things kind of up and upside down. Now, here's a real open house. Come on in. So, what do you think? Is it me? I do get back. Well, if you can't beat them, join them. We all have spots. That's how our minds create creations. We set them free and know what they can do. magic folks for me and you. You see, I knew you'd get it cuz you got a wonderful imagination. I do. Oh, yes. Thank you, Figment. And so, as you can plainly see, imagination works the best when it's set free. You said it, Doc. Imagination is a blast. Imagination. Imagination. A dream. A dream can be a dream come true with just that spark from me and you. Imagination. Imagination. The start of everything that's new. One little spark lights up for you. Imagination. Imagine. Imagine. And you of everything. Am I this remix? And now we invite you to set your imaginations free. Imagine. Imagine imagination. Imagine. Imagine. That was great. Oh, I want that. I want that song. A classic. Yeah. So good. All right. Sorry, guys. There was a little lag in there, but we fixed it. Oh. Oh. Um I'm hoping we can Oh, look. Figment's over there. Okay, cool. Hi. Hey, we need to tell you something. We just found out our dad passed away a few days ago. Oh, I'm so sorry. Sorry about that. Very, very sorry, guys. Prayers for you for sure. Oh, we just got those. Awesome. I'm so glad. It was alarming. Like, we all got up and my mom starts falling and I'm like, "What the heck's going on?" So, I brushed into her room and she's on the bed literally in school. I'm very, very sorry. Yes, definitely. Prayers for you guys. Do you want to jump in line? I'll meet you. We're going to try to go meet Figment. Hi. I'm so sorry. Prayers for you guys for sure. Yeah. Can I have a hug? Oh, yeah. Of course. That was I'm sure. I'm sure. We have to come back at 1:30. Oh, 1:30. Okay. Thank you. Okay. All right. 130 earlier. Oh, I'm glad. Oh, no. Yeah, I love it. That's so cool. Yeah, the ears are so cute. Awesome. Well, again, prayers for you guys. I hope, you know, hope that helps some, but I know it's hard for sure. Story of what happened. Still waiting on your Yeah. Okay. Well, have fun today. Um, we're going to show Figment from the side and then we're just going to go enjoy the day. So, you guys, too. Yeah. Please let Josh know. I will. I will. I appreciate it. Yeah. All right. Bye, guys. Bye. Just realize her name says Janet, the cast member there. Does well. All right. Let's wait till the kiddos go and then we'll get a good shot of Figment. He's so cute. Did you notice that obviously this one and the Figment on the right? It is a darker red. I kind of like it's kind of an opportunity to come up with a new sweater next year. Agreed. They're going to change the sweater every year so that we we have to reby it. I agree. Totally. Oh, her dress is next year. It'll be like this without the like middle thing. Yeah. The Epcot whatever that is. Yeah. Yeah. Whatever that Epcot symbol is. I bet it's the imagination symbol. I do like that color. I like the light blue, too. But me, too. So, here's the color of the ears. Just Well, it's kind of hard to see. It looks purple blue. Yeah. And then here, it's like a almost like a baby blue. His pigment in his adorable sweater. Look at him. He's so cute. He's trying to be a penguin. Oh, that's so cute. So cute. Oh my goodness. All right, Pigment. You're adorbs. So, there you go, guys. That's what he looks like. We'll try to come back later, but I don't know if we'll be able to. So, at least we saw him. At least we saw him. You actually probably get a better view. That's true. That's a good point. And we won't have to wait all day, so that's nice, too. Welcome back. Yeah, he'll be here all Christmas for the festival of the holidays. Hello, Noel. Yeah, I love Figment. I've loved him since I was a kid. Part of me really wants these ears. Just cuz Figment, did you? They're really sparkly. Even though I have other Figment, they're just different. They're different. I like, you know, they're different. I mean, I had to get that. Of course. And I love this, too. You know what else I love is his kind of feel like you'd have to drink out of the other side. You would. Or a pencil holder. You know, pencil holder. It's fine. Um, I also love this sweatshirt. Yeah, that's really cute. So cute. And they even have his horns on the hood. Um, this be warm, too. Yeah. $79.99. And this It's not too thick. Love. I just I like it all. Mhm. It's hard. It's hard to And then, of course, my egg slicer. This has got to go to the outlet soon, so I'm waiting. Okay. We might need a trip to the outlet. Hi. Hi. Thank you so much. I love the shirts. Happy birthday. Is it today? actually. Oh, that's all right. You celebrate all week. Mine was last week. I'm still celebrating to come celebrate my birthday. Of course. The best place to celebrate 100%. I see you're a Figment fan, too. I love it. Yeah. He's one of my faves. Oh, yeah. That's cute. That's awesome. Well, good to see you. Thanks for watching. Enjoy your birthday. Thank you. All right. Is not right now. Here we go, guys. Let's go start our soup. I'm getting hungry. I don't know about you. Yeah. Okay. Definitely use some Oh, you know, savory protein. We have to try today. Unless it has cream in it. I'll have to figure this out. Is the macaron in France. I've heard so many good things about it. Heard good things about it, too. Looks like it maybe has some sort of cream on the inside that maybe is just Yeah. Okay. It was still on the Wi-Fi. Yes. We'll have to investigate that one. Yeah. Yeah. So, if anybody knows what they make the macaron filling of, let me know. You could you could have the top and the bottom. Oh, there you go. And still enjoy. Okay, perfect. You can get a spoon. You can spread it on top your cookie. Yeah, more cream for you. And we're back. Thanks, everybody. All right, let's head let's go to Germany or at least that way. That way we can get some protein before we get um protein. Oh, do you have your book handy? I do. Let's see what France has for like protein cuz we could go there too. You can see my Oh, awesome. Mr. Master. Hi, Britney. This is my non-stamped book. I get I get two books. One get stamped. Uhhuh. And I keep that one separate. Sorry. Yep. No worries. And then one that I is my usable. Look, I have all my dog ears of things I want to try. I just se every page. I do that, too. and Dale and I will circle. We'll go through and circle things. All right, so France, see if you can find that and we'll look at these booths as we go because I don't know what they have here. You're at Hollywood Studios Thursday. Was able to get on Rise of Resistance and Smugglers Run. That's awesome, Bill. I hope you had fun. Okay, I think he just said spiced filling. Okay. Um Okay, so we've got roasted turkey. Ooh, what's that? It is roasted turkey with mushrooms. Yum. Pearl onions, bacon, turkey gravy, and roasted sweet potatoes. Okay, that actually sounds really good. And then what's the top one? And then the top one is smoked salmon spread. Okay. Sesame bio roll with cucumber and radishes. Okay. No, the turkey sounds good. That could be great. Hi, Mercury. Or not great. Uh, exactly. Like I feel like that's one of those things. If it's not great, it's really not great. I agree. I agree. The turkey maybe not. So, you know. Oh, hey Finley. How are you? Yeah. No, let's uh let's try that. What is here? Let's see what's here. Oh, the roasted almonds. Cashews. I love the cashews. They're so good. That's actually a really good snack for people who aren't allergic to nuts. Give yourself a little I've never and I've never tried roasted chestnuts. They'd like to try them one day. Ooh, my chestnut praline, I think, comes out tomorrow. I think so, too. It's a holiday. I'm going to be there first thing. Yeah. So, that's just enough. Finley says, "Oh, hi." Oh, hi, Finley. I love this little area that they have. This is nice. We kind of checked it out on Wednesday when Josh and I were here together, which was fun. Said something that looked good to me. Now I don't remember. Well, let's go see. It's right here. Something coina roasted chestnuts are yummy. Definitely worth a try. Okay, I call it a rolled sandwich. Sounds good. Let's see. Let's see if it's like Oh, right here. Okay. Oh, they have a tamale. Oh, it's like it looks like a pin wheel. Yeah, rolled ham and cinnamon spice chocolate crinkle cookie. That looks good, too. Okay. There's a picture of it. Ooh, good. All right. Well, let's I'm going to leave that one for now. Same. Let's go to France. The turkey sounds good. Either France or German. Oh, you know what else is in Germany? Yeah. You might not be able to do this. Okay. The bread bowl with the cheese fondue in it. Oh, actually, I had it once before, but I don't know if I should now cuz my tummy is a little not not good. So, in Germany instead of France, which sometimes that's in France, but this version is in Germany. Germany. Oh, it all sounds Danny. It does. Hi, Matt. How are you today? Welcome in everybody if you're just joining us. Wait, what? Tim, I missed it. What' you say? Says autocorrect hates me. They did write a song about them roasting on an open fire. They did, Tim. Yes, chestnuts roasting on an open fire. They used to have a little stand in downtown Seattle. They had carolers and stuff with roasted chestnuts. They were They were okay. Okay. Okay. Hi, Lori. I wouldn't run back. We might visit a Santa if we happen upon one, you know. All right, let's go to the right. To tell him what we don't, of course. Or if you're in Norway, it's a barn elf, which I love. He's probably my favorite. Have you ever watched the barn elf? Oh, he's hilarious. Uhhuh. What do we have in Canada? Salmon. Canada. Oh, Canada. The salmon looks good. Okay. Um that maple cook shortbread cookie. Oh yeah. Yeah. I liked that last year. I liked the cookie. Let's look at the board. I'm glad that Andy and I shared it because it's really sweet. Yeah. With the maple butter and beef boring. Ooh. I mean, you can't really go wrong with either one of these. Yep. Okay. The salmon does sound good. Very sweet. Okay. Sear salmon with butternut squash puree, maple bourbon glaze, and finel arugula salad. There is a holiday scavenger hunt. Let's go ahead to France. Um, we're not going to do the scavenger hunt today, but we'll do it another day. Don't worry, we got plenty of time. It just started. Hello, Prince Josh. Finley got to see Santa yesterday. That's amazing. I love that. You know, I'm kind of feeling the the Germany. Me, too. Okay, let's pivot. You know, we've had turkey lately. Yes, we have. We can go back and get the gingerbread, but I'm feeling the schnitle today. Sounds good. Agreed. All right, let's go to Germany. Sometimes you just got to pivot. Oh, the menus are totally different than food and wine. They always change them from festival to festival. Now, they'll have some of the same things from the festival of the holidays from last year that people really liked. You know, they'll bring favorites back. Says, "Oh, Canada to the tune of O Christmas Tree is not the anthem." Oh, it's not. Okay. Sorry. Sorry, Amara. You didn't like it. That's funny. Oh, good. Britney, I'm glad she didn't scream. That is a win right there. Yeah, you never know how your kids are going to react to Santa. Exactly. You don't know. I I don't remember ever screaming, but I do remember like being a little nervous around him. I mean, he's Santa, but I don't remember ever being scared of the Disney characters. I know some kids, my cousin, too, she was the same age as me, was terrified. I'm like, they're nice. It's okay. Jessica was never afraid of the Disney characters, which is good. You were tired. She would never was. Okay, good. She never was. Now she loved the Disney characters. Yeah, me too. I always Maybe like when you grow up watching Disney movies. Yeah. Maybe. And just some kids get it. Like they're nice. It's okay. Yes. They're giant, but they're nice. She climbed right up on his lap. A That's awesome. Good deal. I know. It's so pretty. So, we got all the beautiful Christmas music as we're hiding around here. Let her get their picture real quick. And let's go in this shop. I haven't been in this one. Yeah, I know. We went in the other one the other night. Wow, that winds. I know. The the figment ears are amazing cuz they're lightweight, but they're lightweight, so they might fly off. A the doggy barked. Oh, I didn't know any of the statues besides don't stitch made noise anymore. No, they they do. Let's head in here. See what they got. I know they have some of the Epcot stuff in here. Usually like the Oh, this is new. Oh, how cool is this? Roosevelt's spaceship birth with all the Mickey's from around the different countries. That is amazing. $75. I could see Josh wearing this actually. I can see I think Andy might even wear this. Mhm. That's a nice shirt. Tim, a new Roosevelt. It's nice and lightweight, too. Perfect for Florida. Yep. Look, they have them in sweatshirt version and they pack well. Yeah, you're traveling. They do. They have the t-shirts and the sweatshirt version. Okay, I like that. Okay, nice. A Las Vegas singer tried that years ago. Okay, got you. I tried. I tried. It didn't work. It's fine. That's cute. That is cute. I want that. Hopefully it'll be around for a while. Tony, I bet it will. I bet it's a cool one. Did you ever get these? Nope. They light up. Oh, are they heavy? If they light up. Well, it's hard to tell with that thing. Not too bad. I don't Is it? I think the ear part lights up, right? Yeah. Just this part. Uhhuh. Yeah. I think Jesse Mouse got them cuz the bow comes off. That's very nice. That's true. They look like pajamas. Oh, look. They have the figment Crocs in here. Good afternoon, A Sandy Pandy. And then they've got these shirts. Okay, I like all of these. We've got Morocco, Japan, America. I love that one. That's amazing. France, the UK, and Canada. Yeah, there are quite a few Roosevelts around the parks. Yeah. And then over here some more Norway, Mexico. Oh, this one's just World Showcase Pacific. We've got China, Germany, and Italy. I shout, you shout, we all shout for sauerkraut. Okay, that's cute. Oh my goodness. So funny. I love the Figment Crocs. Yeah, they're amazing. All right, let's go eat some food. You'll be there next Monday. Awesome. Hi, Darcy. Seems calmer right here for Mhm. for a minute. I don't know if it'll be like that around the rest of the countries. Oh, we have to come back to Mexico. They have the dolce de leche churro. Yes, it's filled with dolce de leche. That was one of my dog ears. Uhhuh. Then we got to get it started in Mexico. Um, I think everything looks good. Yeah, let's look at it. They have the brazed beef tips slowly cooked Mexican style a top a fried corn tortilla with black beans. I can't do those. It's like on an open Yeah. If it didn't have the beans, I could do that. But I want the dolce de leche. Uh-huh. Me, too. Shredded chicken and mole and corn messa topped with mole. I can't read all these words, but that sounds delicious. Fresco crema Mexicanana. Yeah. I think both of those savory items sound good. Try infuse Dolce Vita tequila blanco. You put the word margarita in it sounds right. Which we were going to get on Friday and then it was too cold. Yeah. So we didn't. We'll do it another day. Another day. It was really cold Friday night. Like unbelievably cold. So, we were on our way to us and then we pivoted. That was a good idea. Yeah, we pivoted. We're like, maybe we should get something not frozen. There was some kind of bun I had in Japan area last time and it was good. Are you talking about food and wine? Cuz that's my favorite, the chicken bun. But, um, we for the, uh, festival, the holidays, they have a strawberry bun. Yes, they have like a dessert bun, but it's cream, so I don't think I can have it. So Josh has told people I'll be posting my cruise video hopefully tomorrow morning. Okay, cool. So Josh is uh day two on the Disney Destiny. You don't want to miss it. He'll be posting tomorrow morning. Said it's too long to premiere. So he's just going to post it tomorrow. Do not miss it, guys. Hey Stefan. Hello William. Okay. His Christmas ambiance. Yeah. Mhm. That was yesterday or Saturday. He has a Christmas ambiance video, but Dale and I also have a Christmas ambiance video. You guys haven't seen it. Dale took some amazing pictures as well. Um, so check them both out. Give them both some love. We've been putting Dale's up when we're not like if we're just at home. Just let it go. I mean, it's 10 hours. It goes for a long time. The music is beautiful. The pictures are beautiful in the background. So, go check them both out, guys. Josh's and Dale's. It's nice for your dogs. Dogs that you leave at home and they like to have sound on. Exactly. This is where the barn elf usually speaks, but I wonder if you will because of all this right here. I hope you enjoyed your birthday this last this past weekend. Thank you so much, William. I did. It was amazing. So much fun. So many fun fun times. It wasn't just one day. We celebrated a couple days thanks to all my friends and my family. It was amazing. Wow, that breeze. So good. So good. So good. Finishing up some car maintenance, so I need to drive. Okay, no worries, Mr. Master. Take your time and be safe. Wow. Batting down the hatches, guys. Batt them down. Well, I'm glad we have some time to try some food today. And it's not cold, so that helps, too. And it's also not super hot, so it's like right in the middle. It's amazing. We got the China booth over here. Let's see what they have. They've got a line. Holy moly. Their menu looks good, too. Did it? Okay. Barbecue char sa pork fried rice, beef, noodle, soup bowl, and vegetable spring rolls. Okay. Sounds good. Yeah. Milk tea. They also had a milk tea. Thank you for posting that in Mara. Really appreciate it. And if you guys need some Christmas gifts, too, Dale's got some things on his Etsy shop, Ears by Jenna. I think he's got a couple topiaries and then he's got his um Mickey wreaths that you can change throughout the season. So, right now, of course, you could have the Christmas ones and then in January, you can just have the uh winter looking one or there's also a home one for any time of year. There's fall, there's Mickey pumpkins. So, go check out Ears by Jenna. Dale made some amazing things over there. Just switched it out to the Christmas one. Yeah. Oh, thanks, Amara. Yeah, we got the Christmas. I think we have the wreath. The Mickey wreath. There's a couple Christmas ones. There's the wreath. There's the Mickey Santa hat. Um, and then of course just the winter looking one as well. So, check them all out. Hey, Disney World Freak. Oh, are you here as well? Are you at Epcot? That's awesome. I was going to say I think they're here. Nice. Hey, Ginger Dragon. How are you? I hope you're feeling better. And I hope Charlotte is too. They got sick while they were here. That is never fun. And they had to go home early. It's awful. Everybody stay safe. It is that time of year. Yes, it is that time of year. This is a good place to share a jerk. It is. But, you know, don't share them. Just keep them. Just keep them to yourself. Uh, what do they have here? Let's go check. Sometimes they'll have a little something. Yes, they have some sort of like a raspberry. Oh, okay. Frozen slushie spice shrimp stew. Oh, yeah. Raspberry Dole whip and a cone. That sounds good to me. Okay. Oh, you're at connections. Okay, no worries. Yeah, come come say hi. Hello from Emerald Isle. Hello. I don't know why we don't have an Ireland pavil pavilion. I would love that. They might combine it with the with the UK. Yeah, kind of basically, right? I don't know. But anyway, that would be cool. She said, "Feeling better. Very slowly though." A that's happened to us before. I know. I'm getting stuff. I know. I think it was if it's the flu or whatever it is that you got. I know. I think that's what she said. Um it takes a while. That flu is nasty. I feel like and I don't want to say this cuz you know, who knows this year, but when I got the flu, it was worse than CO. And CO was bad. I agree. The flu is horrible. Yeah. Last year I got it right before our princess race. Remember? Luckily, I was fine for the princess race, but like Yeah, it was. I forgot all about that. Yeah, I had to get some steroids to help my lungs and all the things. Oh man, it's a popular one back here. Okay, so let's look at the menu. We've got the pork schnitle. I definitely want that. And the Lindsor cookie. I think I'm going to get that, too. Everything looks good. That does look good. But yeah, I want this. Such good things about this in this. Okay. Me, too. So, do you want me to give you my credit card and then I can hold a table or I can get the next round? Yeah, I'll just do that. Are you sure? Okay. We want the same. Yes. Thank you. And I have water, so I'm good. Oh, perfect. Okay. Thank you. All right, guys. Let's go see if we can find a table. Oh, there is one over here. Perfect. Here you go. All right. So, we are going to be trying some food, so just bear with us. But that's part of the fun. See if I can Oh, you know what? I could not find this gimbal holder. I looked everywhere in my house. Guess what? It was in another pocket in my backpack. I found it. Yay! I brought a different one cuz I couldn't find it. Okay, I literally was looking in all my bags and tearing through stuff. I'm so glad I found it. Makes me feel better. Jam. That's funny. All right, guys. Thanks for joining in. Really appreciate you being here. Pop the like, share out the stream. Hi, Jason. How are you today? So, we're going to try. Let me get out my little booklet. We can look at what we want next. I know I brought it. Okay, here we go. So, here's the book this year, Festival of the Holidays. I said I need one of these. I would totally buy one of those with a Montreal and an Epcot in there. Swish birth. Guess what? Really? You know what else sounds good? In refreshment port, they have the turkey poutine. Sweet potato fries with turkey gravy, cranberry relish, and crispy onions. Doesn't that sound good? Cinnamon sugar donut. Yes, please. Oh, it's a drink. I thought it was a donut. This is for party. It's a boat here in Japan. It's a strawberry bun. Soft pink dessert bow containing sweet strawberry cream filling finished with a light coconut sauce. Hi, how are you? Good. How are you? Didn't see you in August. I remember. Yeah. Good to see you again. I love that. Super cool. Are you guys trying some food today? Doing the hunt. Awesome. Cool. Of course. Yeah. Let's grab a picture. Perfect. Awesome. I love it. Did you Do you guys want to say hi on the stream? Remind me your name. Christina. Christina and family. Brian. Tammy. Mom. Tammy. Brandon. Awesome. Nice to meet everybody. Enjoy your day. And happy holidays. Bye, guys. Your card is broken. What? Tim? Why is it broken? Oh, and New Year's Eve. Okay, I get it. Today is Cyber Monday, though. There's so many deals out there right now. Tim bought the treats. Yes, he should. Right, Jinger? No, I'm just kidding. He's all good. He doesn't do that. The boat is just making a little joy ride around. That's fun. We might have to do that. All right, guys. I am going to grab a drink. There's a little line for Germany. So, your wallet is in danger. I get that. Mine is too. I was shopping this morning while having coffee. Anybody else look at the Cyber Monday deals? What a great view. Can't see where she's at, but hopefully she getting close. You guys doing anything uh Christmasy already? Are you going to like Christmas concerts? I know the kids have concerts this time of year and churches have concerts. And we're actually going to a concert tomorrow. I'm super excited. Hi Shell, how are you? Bop the like button. Subscribe if you're new. Hi Kayla. Santa Claus is coming. We saw Santa today. If you guys missed it, go back and rewind. We didn't meet him. We just walked by. He's in a new spot. He's in the Communicore Hall. Hello from Disneyland Paris. Hello. I love Disneyland Paris. I want to get back there one day. The booths are definitely more crowded than they were Friday night when it was freezing cold. It was 22. We put up our Christmas tree, put the lights outside. I need to organize more and finish all the decorations. Awesome, Britney. We're going to go see the for King and Country um concert. I'm so excited. We love them. They were at Epcot what, 2 years ago, I think, and they haven't come back since, but they're going to come to Orlando, so I'm excited. Hi, Caleb. Hello, Brendan. Giddy up. Giddy up. bite. Definitely hungry. And then after this, we'll go see what other food we can have. Oh, yeah. I was checking out my book. Let's go get some more yummies. Maybe we'll go get that macaron. Um, see where we're at here. That was quick. Waitress. Oh my goodness. Look at you, Sharon. Thank you so much. Look at Sharon. She is prepared. And one extra. Yes. Oh, that looks so good. Probably a little bit of sugar on the bottom of that. All good. No worries. Oh my goodness. Okay. Yep. This looks cuz I was touching it. Amazing. Thank you so much. All right. Next one's on me. I was looking at them. No worries. Well, this morning I loaded one of these. That is gift cards. It's so much easier than pulling out your wallet and Yeah, I agree. And here is You can use it on anything. Thank you. Exactly. You can use it at connections. You can use it at Oh, the table's a little wobbly. Don't fall in the water. Sorry about that. Oh, no. You're good. Yeah. Napkins. Napkins down. You know what? I'm going to put my bag here and if they fall Thank you. They'll fall on my bag hopefully. Wendy says, "We went last year. It was amazing." Dale will freak out when they do Little Drummer Boy. Yeah, Dale got free tickets to go see for King and Country tomorrow. I'm so excited. Yeah. So, we're going to go. Oh, good for you. Um, I can't wait. They're in Orlando. I remember you talking about wanting to do that. Yeah, we love them. They're one of our favorite bands, actually. Do you mind? Can I borrow? No, of course. Please. I'll have to dig mine out. Yes. Britney says, "I want more coffee, but cannot because I will." Yeah. Uh, start vibrating and seeing the walls. I get that. There's a point where you hit where you're like, uh, you need no more coffee. Hi, Karen. All right, guys. Let's selfie so I can show you. Yummness. Mhm. Let me cut a bite. I love that they put flakes of um salt on on the Oh, yeah. Schnitle. Yeah. Okay, we're going to cut. It looks good. We're going to cut very Look good. Very easily. M. Oh, good. Mhm. There's a bite. Mhm. Wow. This table. Hopefully you guys don't go falling. Mhm. Oh, very good. Mhm. I love the Is it spatel or spatula or whatever they call the noodles? Yeah. I was gonna say risoto, but I know that's not what you call it in German. It's like risoto. It It's like spatula. I don't know if that's how you pronounce it. It's really good. It's so good. What's the red cabbage? I'm assuming that's what I was guessing. Cabbage. Yeah. It's a little hard to cut. It is a little hard to cut, but it's worth the, you know, Yum. And the mushrooms. So good. Very good. Right. Mhm. And it's a big portion. Okay. I'm glad we stuck with this plan. Me, too. It's a good amount of protein. It is a good amount of protein and side dish and of course dessert. I forgot to get your half court from you. Oh, that's okay. That's okay. So, I started a new one for you. Oh, thank you. So, there you go. Just so much. Oh, perfect. Their stamps are so light this year. Thank you. I forgot to give it to you. So, I could probably show it. I I was hoping for or if you either way filled up the other one and started a new one. I mean, I'm hoping they let you show that one. I'm sure they will. Thank you. I totally forgot as well. Okay. Are yours You're done then, right? That was your last cookie? I am. Yep. Yay. So, after I eat it, I will give you my ranking of the cookies I've tried so far. I'm excited. Tim says, "I can't hear." O Canada now. Oh, Canada. Oh, Canada. Sorry, guys. I like the cabbage. Is it good? Or whatever it is. Mhm. I'm going to stay clear just because yummy. But I'm going to eat everything else. I love mushrooms. Me too. Sometimes mushrooms bother my stomach. I have to eat them in small portions. Luckily those don't bother me. But anything like like that or oniony or Mhm. lettuce. Yep. Sometimes beets. Oh, 100%. Hi. How are you? Hello. We're not going to Oh, no worries. Hi. We're from Maine. We watch you all the time. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. I like your shirt. Thank you. Get a picture. It's time f a great job. Thanks so much. Awesome. Enjoy. Have fun. Oh yeah. If you're allergic to mushrooms, then yes, stay away for sure. Oh, yeah. No, do not get the mushrooms. But if you're not, they're amazing. You heard Maine. Yeah, they're from Maine. Mhm. I'd love to go up there one time. I've never been up. I've been to Vermont. Um, but we've never I've never been to Maine. I've never been Vermont or Maine. Yeah, Massachusetts is the farthest. Well, no, Rhode Island. I don't know. Like higher than the other, but yeah. Yeah, I don't We kind of did it. Delaware, like all those. Mhm. I'd love to do a fall trip up there one year. I think that would be fun. Hey, ultra cool. Yum. Yum. I feel like one year they put gravy on top of the schnitle, but then I think it would make it, you know, not crispy. Yeah. I like that it's crispy. This is a little hard to cut. Exactly. I'm like tempted to pick it up with my fingers and just eat it like Actually, that would be fun. I mean, I'm not on camera, so nobody will know. Oh, you just went to Maine to see your son. Oh, fun. I bet it's kind of getting cold up there right now. Dale said his family this weekend they were getting like blizzard weather. Oh, Tim, did you get blizzard weather this weekend? Oh, yeah. Yeah. My husband's uh family in Illinois, they've been getting snow. Yeah. His brother called him. He's like, "I am not ready for this already." Cuz usually they don't get it till like January. My daughter got a dusting of snow. She says she needs to move. I said, "Yes, we we just got a dusting of snow." Mhm. So yes, you should move here. Agreed. It's the best thing ever. So there are um onions in with the mushroom. Mhm. Which I don't usually mind, but Me neither. Just going to take them out for now. Mhm. If your tummy is a little sensitive. A little sensitive today. You're right. This is a very generous portion. Okay. So, so far everything I've tried at this festival, I feel like the portions are a little bigger. I agree. I don't know if that's cuz this is a shorter festival. Maybe, but it's definitely a meal. Like, you could order something and be full. We We'll probably be full. Mhm. We should have shared the cookie. We could have. Oh, well, we could have, but it's so pretty. And it, you know, Did you bring food back? I did. So, we could. That's true. I like your thinking. You could just take one home. I was going to and then I forgot. I actually bought I brought three Ziploc bags today knowing that we might So smart have cookies. Um Tim said it was dumb and then it rained in the morning on top of it. Sorry, Tim. It washed away. I thought of you. cuz I knew it was, you know, snowy up by where deals today. We'll see. Pam said, "Lots of crashes in a 45 car p 45 car pile up in Terote." That's why I went to college. I saw that on the news. That's scary. Yeah, I went to Indiana State which is in J Hope. Hope you guys are enjoying the music. Oh, we know it. This is what we have. I'll show you. Schnitle with spatel and a linder cookie from Germany. So, we're trying a lot of different boots. Well, maybe. We'll see. We might be full. I didn't get any There's no on my plate. Where did it go? Oh, man. You better go ask for more. Yeah. Go ask for more. It disappeared. I don't know, Ginger. That That's scary. That is a lot of this. Yes. What was it again? Well, beets. Oh, maybe it is beets. At first, I thought it was cabbage. Like a pickled, but it might be beets. I'm not too sure. It's very tasty. I think it is cabbage. You're right. It's really tasty. I just had a little bit though because the bees are back. The bees are out in force right now. They really are. They want all the yummies. Mhm. Yeah. Yummy. Yummy. This is usually my favorite cookie. Yeah. Me, too. We might just have to eat the whole thing. Mhm. Yeah. We might. Mhm. For science. Of course. Always for science. They have this one every year. And usually they have a schnitle every year. Mhm. Very good. I always love them. Hey, Richle. How are you? Hi, Rich. How much snow did you guys get? Going to be in Disney World 58 days.  It'll be here before you know it. Mhm. Science is very important, Tim. Mhm. Yep. You know, eating the science about science. Science. I have room for the cookie. Mhm. More important things. You do something on the stage over here. Is he following you? Oh my goodness. Go away, Bee. Okay. Is he still following you? Usually if you just walk away. Yeah. Now he's by your food. Feels like his territory. He wants your beef. Or whatever that is. Sometimes they want what if it's a wasp. Like in the Pacific Northwest where wasps are a plenty, they want the meat. Oh, they like to eat. They're carnivorous. I did not know that. If you grill in the summer, especially the late summer, be careful. Really? They come out in Yeah. We had um carpenter carpenter wasps that would eat the wood. Yes, they do that, too. Yep. They have little teeth. Mhm. They sure did. And big stingers. All right, guys. We're almost done. Oh, it's almost time for cookie. Mhm. Cookie time. This friend wants some yummies. Mhm. Yeah. Go eat the bee. That would hurt. Oh my goodness. Will Will Miller sent a $50 super chat? Says, "Happy belated birthday, Jenna." Thank you, Will. That is so sweet of you. Oh my goodness. Thank you so much. All the birthday love. You guys are too sweet. Oh, selfie. But you know, I might have chipmunk cheeks full of food. Thank you, Will. That is so sweet. Oh, the bee's back. Thank you so much. I don't want to get hurt. Oh, you're good. You're good. They're very territorial. That's awesome. JL, we forgot to add that in the vlog that day. No, so at our Jollywood nights, right before I got there, Ivonne got stung by a bee. Mhm. The same kind of bee that's It was not Spike the Bee. Where could he be? He left his stinger behind in her arm as a She had to go get Thank you. Uh first aid to take it out as a thank you. Okay, this is really big. I'm probably going to regret biting into it. Nah. What do you mean? Is it cutting it or what do you mean? Yeah. Hey, Linda. Cuz I think I want the whole thing. I'm going to regret that once I start eating it. Yeah. Mhm. I love that. Usually the jam or whatever it is throughout the whole food. Mhm. Very good. I wouldn't eat all this bat, but I love it. It's really good. Oh, good. He's a South Pole beef. That's funny. You notice they don't have the luminous stuff out yet. The barges. Yeah. It's right over here. My goodness, this is so good. Mhm. It is amazing. All right, time for a cookie. M. Okay, this one is moving into second place. Ooh. Okay. Mhm. We're going to get Sharon's cookie. Mhm. Uh, what do we call it? rating. There you go. I was going to say placement. I've only tried sounds better. There's a lot of different cookies. Her cookie placement on the map, the black and white cookie is still number one for me. It's so good. But I will say in all fairness, I like a simpler cookie. Like I don't like a lot of frosting or toppings. So, um the black and white cookie is just a really nice almost like a shortbread kind of cookie, maybe a little sugar. And then it's like dipped in chocolate. They're like really thin. Half of it is milk chocolate and half of it is white chocolate. And it's delicious. Just a very thin layer. So, so far I've only had one cookie, but Mhm. But it was my favorite. Yeah. The coffee or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Almost wrong. All good. Oh, yeah. Here, I'll show you, Alison. Hey, Mike. Happy Monday. We'll let you watch the boat go by first, cuz it's beautiful. What a pretty little boat ride around the lagoon. We should do that. This would actually be a fun little ambiance video. Just stand here with your camera, watch the boats go by, see birds. It would be It would be fun at sunset, you know, like full sun and then as the sun sets. Josh likes simple cookies, too. He really only likes chocolate chip. Maybe some sugar cookies, but or snickle snicker doodle. Whatever. I like snicker. I love snicker doodle. Yeah, snickle doodle. Yeah. I like cuz I love cookies, but if there's too many flavors on it, if they sort of compete with each other and it's just I don't know. I also don't like cookies when they're super sweet. Did you have the chocolate chip frosted M&M cookie from the Christmas party? Um, I only had one cookie from the Christmas party and then I gave Andy the rest of them because I it was they were really sweet. Sweet. Yeah. Okay, that one was the sweetest one and I can't eat it. I had It's too much. It It needs to just be chocolate chip and it just needs to be frosted sugar cookie. The red velvet which was also good but really sweet. Okay. I love Wait, you were on the boat. That's amazing. What? Hello. That's funny. That's really cool. He is a simple guy. Yes, Josh is a simple guy. It's kind of funny because, you know, of course, I've grown up for Josh my entire life, knowing that his palette is very simple. He likes burgers, pizza, you know, whatever. Me on the other hand, I I like to try stuff as long as me spicy or cream or, you know, might hurt my tummy. However, um I've also noticed that I just think it's funny that it seems Jesse is kind of similar to Josh in that where she likes more. Yes. More simple things. Mhm. It's just funny, you know, people's different tastes and it's all good. Like I think she eats more than Josh though cuz she'll eat Japanese food and you know, things like that. But yeah, Josh, I'll try a bunch of different things. I just like it to be I like to appreciate the flavors. So, if there's just too many flavors, I just I don't know. I just like it to be a little simpler. Yeah. No, I agree. Nice grilled salmon or something with a nice, you know, glaze or whatever. Yeah. I don't like too many cookies and Yeah. too many flavors either. This cookie is delicious. It's actually really good when you separate the top from the bottom because then you really just get that nice raspberry jam. Whatever it is. It's jam, right? Or is it jam? I think it's jam. Oh, here guys, I'll show you my my cookie. Hello, everybody. Hey, Teresa. First of all, it's just cute. Mhm. It looks like it would be a hard cookie. Mhm. It's nice and soft. It's soft. It's really good. And the cookie itself is really good. Really good. Hazelnut. Mhm. Like kind of like a shortbread almost. Powdered sugar on top. Mhm. I'm going to be a powdered sugar mesh. Worth it. I love the cookie in Canada. the shortbread with the maple frosting in the middle, but the frosting was so sweet that it was too much. Yeah, it kind of moved down my list because Good to know. I would have loved just the plain shortbread, but I know they want to make it fancy. Yeah, agreed. Alan says, "As someone who has adventurous taste, sometimes you just want chicken fingers." I agree. Sometimes that is all you want. or like last night my tummy was a little if so I was like let's just make chicken breasts in the oven and baked sweet potato just something simple wants one. All right, we'll go get you one. You better come soon. Hi Anthony. How are you today? Those are delicious. You going to do it? Mhm. She's going to do it. Well, I didn't really finish my I might save half just so we can try a couple more things. I'll grab my after when my hands are clean. I'll grab a baby. They're doing stuff over here at the stage. M. Oh, I'll let Dale try it if he wants some. I love raspberry. Me, too. So, good. Raspberry and chocolate. Yum, yum, yum. This is my favorite kind of jam with peanut butter and jelly. Mhm. Okay. Mine's strawberry. Okay. But I would go this second before I'm not a big grape jelly. Me neither fan. I'll eat it. But Hi, Glenn. Hey. Oh, hi David. Hi. How are you? It's a puppet show. What? Tim says it's a puppet show. Yeah, Jinger. I'm going to remember next time. Bring Ziplocks. Exactly. That's just part of my backpack. You do that anyway. Blocks. So smart. I need to, you know, learn these tips from you. I keep that company in business. Yeah, I have them everywhere at home. I just don't think to bring them. And everything in my bag is in Ziploc. Like my mints, my It's smart to do that. My, you know, Yeah, it's so soft it breaks apart. It does. It's not a bad thing. No, not at all. All right, I'm going to stop right there. I could eat it all. Oh, hello, Carl. Met me at Disney Springs. Oh, hello. Good to see you. I had a total brain lap. I forgot to text happy birthday when I texted Dale on turkey day. No worries, David. All good. It was a busy day for everybody. It was Thanksgiving. Oh, good. Next year, my birthday will be on the biggest shopping day of the year. M Black Friday. Mhm. That's usually how it unless there's like leap year then it's weird. But Mhm. You can have Dale take you shopping that day for your birthday and get a bunch of good deals. I love this. You can get more for your money. Exactly. That's what we used to do. So my grandparents once we got older just gave us money. Mhm. Cuz it was just easier for them and we loved it. Totally. Cuz we were getting older, too. And then every year after Christmas, the day after, mom and dad would take us to the mall, which was an hour away. Our closest mall was an hour away. And we go and spend our money at the mall, but they had amazing deals. So, you can get so many things. I always wanted to go to the Disney store when they had it, of course. Oh, David, I love that. We should rename it Joyful Jenna Day. Love it. Hello. How are you in the gang? How are you? Homemade turkey pot pie. Rich, that sounds amazing. My mom makes that where it's just turkey. She makes her own pie crust and then gravy like with leftovers, like with Thanksgiving leftovers. leftover turkey. We kind of did that. We had made a Thanksgiving dinner earlier in the week. Yeah. Since we went out on Thanksgiving. There you go. Thank you. Um and then last night we baked potatoes and just put a little bit of like leftovers on them like the protein and the Okay, that sounds amazing. I've done that with pulled pork before. Have you ever put pulled pork on a baked potato? No, but that sounds really good. I mean, I just I love that you can put anything on a baked potato. Really? Good. Yeah, even I Dale and I have been starting to eat sweet potatoes just because they're healthy for you and whatever. And I love them. Yeah. By the way, I found a place that makes and ships amazing pies. Ooh. Including gluten-free. My actual birthday is the 27th. Yes, Katie. Yep. Okay. Mhm. Take this. So, I always say I'm 27. I turned 27 on the 27th. All right. Thank you so much. Thank you. That's awesome, Miss Disney Fam. Mine have sadly passed away, but yes, I'm sure they would if they were still here. That was amazing. Okay. Mhm. That was a good break. It was. Highly recommend. Germany booth. Both of the items we just had. Germany booth for the win. Next time I come back to Germany on another day, I want to try that cheese fondue. The fondue. Okay. I will let you know. Okay. That little the birds, ducks, and the duck. Um, they're all coming around to make to see if we dropped any crumbs. Yeah, they did. They're like, "What'd you drop?" We I got $5 from Mike 88NYC. I know you guys are already eating, but wanted to cover it. Did you guys see the new German storyteller? You can hear him behind you. Yeah. Let's go. Let's go check them out. Thank you, Mike. That's so kind. Thank you. Thank you. We got it all. Okay. Definitely David. All right, let's go see what he's doing over here. That's cute. I actually really like this shirt, but it's for kids. But I like it. Isn't that cute? That's really cute. I also like this one. Oh, yeah. That's cute. Oh, it's one of those wide short. It is cute, though. And I actually have these ears from last year. I love them so much. I could have wore those today. I love that. I like this one. This one's like Bless you. Excuse me. Something in the air. I'm like I can feel it coming. Yeah. Right. Okay. Sneezing a lot yesterday. There's something something in the air. The bees smell it. Maybe that's why they're out. That could be. Wow. It is crowded over here. Let's go see if we can get a peek. We found people. We did. Thanks, Christopher. You like my new DSL? Open the door. Open the door. I'm here. Oh, they are. I'm the Easter bunny. I changed my clothes. So, I'm the Christmas bunny now. I'm sent from Zack Nicholas from Santa Claus for the fun part. And the fun part is a snowboard chase and got you too. And I got you. That's Christmas. That's fun. Great. Yes. That's Christmas. That's fun. Wow. That's great. And you also learned something. How to build a house out of apples and a house? Yes. Out of apples and sticks. That's great, huh? What do you think? Advanced counts approved. Great. Great. So, let's make some memories with pictures and send them to Santa Cl. But before we cheer up for Mika and his puppets. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Yes, that's my that's my cute. Welcome to come see the whole show sometime. Glad we caught the end. Yes, exactly, Ginger. Exactly. Hi, Noel. How are you today? Okay, so funny story while I was almost late today. I was looking for this um connector thing. So, I cuz I knew we were trying food, so I was like, we have to have this to set the camera on or I have to hold it while I'm eating, which is not convenient. Um I couldn't find it. And the last place I remember I used it was when I was live on Monday at Universal. It's this piece right here. You use it to hold the gimbal up so you guys don't fall over. And uh I looked at So I looked in my bag, my Disney bag, because usually I'll switch things over, you know, and put it in there because I use my Disney stuff more. Um let's go look in one of these shops. So I changed my bag or whatever. So I looked in the bag, didn't see it, went and looked in my Harry Potter bag I used on Monday of last week. Wasn't in there. I looked on the table where I keep some of my stuff. Wasn't there. I'm like, "Oh my goodness." So then I started just looking for other ones because I know we have small ones too for cameras and things. So I grabbed the small one. I didn't know if it was going to work, but I grabbed it. Well, guess what? While we were sitting there while we were waiting for you to get the food. Yeah, it was in a different pocket in this bag. Oh, it was still in this bag. Oh, so you didn't think you had it? I didn't think I had it at all. Wow. But luckily I was lucky. Luckily I did. So it was very lucky. That made my day. All right. I always love coming in here. One day I think Dale and I should get these shirts and agree. Come to the beer garden. Wouldn't that be funny? So Dale would so do that. That's pretty cute. It is cute, isn't it? Of them. Yep. 36 pretzel ears. I don't have those. Oh, and that's cute. See if the Wi-Fi picks up. Every year they would sell a bottle. It's the It's the spiced wine. You can have it, you know, cold or or hot. Yeah. And I don't see that they have it for sale. Oh, that's going to be sad. I know they have it at the booth. You can get it hot at the food booth. Like at the at the booth we were just at. Oh, that's it. Yeah. Mhm. And they serve it hot. It's also good cold. So, so if you buy the bottle, you can do whatever you want with it. But I wonder if they sell it somewhere else. I don't see it. It used to be right here. That's really sad. I wonder since it's on that menu if you can get it up at the counter. Yeah, you probably can. I always like to take the bottle home cuz then you can have it at home or whatever. Okay. Sorry guys. Don't know why it did that quickly. Oh my word. Duffy. Duffy. Why are you that much Duffy? Doesn't it look like Duffy? It does look like Duffy. Isn't that Duffy? Or in his Disney. Why is it so expensive? Cuz it's that brand. Oh, he's like that special German. Okay. Well, I already have a Duffy. I don't need them for that much. Yeah, that is crazy. All right, guys. I know. Sorry, Christopher. So, these are also He is a ve very, very expensive. Yeah. I would never spend $400 on a plushy. That's like a glass behind the glass or something so they Exactly. You want to keep them I think. Okay. So, Dad has that Christmas presents. I also want to get him this. I hope he's not watching. Look away, Dad. Um, if you guys missed it while we were lagging, I said that Christopher was Truffing the flea, the tree, right? Or something like that. I couldn't say fluffing the tree. I don't know why. Oh, I like this mug. That's cute. Oh, you got to meet Snow White. Snow White is so fun. I know. Aren't those beautiful? Look at those. I love them. Oh my goodness. There's nice and plain on the back. Plain on the back. Oh, and the shirt's pretty, too. My my my my. The funny thing is, say we would never spend 400 a plush, but as we buy a bunch of them, it adds up quickly. It does. This is true. You know what? That is a good point. That is a really good point. Easily spend $450 on all the little plush. Exactly. Well, just the box of the little guys alone was, you know, half of that. You mean the big box? The big box. The big old box. Oh, look at him. He's cute. I love his outfit. Yeah, he's so cute. Yeah. See, if you bought a bunch of these, they're $35. 35. Okay. Oh, I like this shirt. They have some good merch in here. Yeah, they do. All right, guys. Let's head out before we lag again. So many fun things. All right, let's go see what other yummies. The beer. Yeah, I'm not a beer person, but yeah, I know. It's Dale's favorite. Oh, yeah. Dale when we were in Germany, it was his favorite beer ever was the light beer. Got some glass art you can make over here. Always fun. D David says, "Forget the $400 plushy. Go right for the blingy spaceship Earth." All right, David. I I actually like that idea. Uhhuh. It's 400 times like Yeah. a lot. Uh-huh. 400 times a lot. But I mean, you know, it's blingy. It is blingy. It's very sparkly. You would never leave your house cuz you would just stare at it all day cuz it's so pretty. Happy Monday, Lee. you were there a week ago and got Christmas pickle from Germany. We I got a Christmas pickle from actual Germany. Yeah. Uh when we were there at Christmas one year, but we also learned that that's not really a German thing. It's more of an American German thing. But they sold them in Germany. We were in Germany and I bought mine on the pickles. The pickles. Yep. Fried housemade pizza dough with sugar, cinnamon, and chocolate. That sounds good to me. Yeah, it does. Do you want me to get um some for us to try? Or you can eat it out. Um or we can wait for the macaron or get both. The macaron. Too much otherwise. Well, we might be. No, I'm good. Let's wait. Or macaron and the churro. Yes. Okay. Love this plan. This looks good to me. What is the house? It's the fried pizza dough, but it has like the sauce. It does look good. Basil and simple and yeah, I would try that. I think that could be good. Do you want to try it now? This booth is like good. Then we'll have I might maybe with the tummy. I might I was thinking Mhm. the pizza sometimes. The sauce could be a little hard. Uh-huh. Happy Monday, chicken dog. How are you? Enjoy the next thing as much. Exactly. Thanks for joining us today for magical Monday. Bop the like button and subscribe if you're new. the last cookie before you got here. So, I'm kind of I'm kind of like Oh, yes. You're one cookie ahead. Okay. That was a big cookie. I actually tried to panic. And you said sweet, right? With the It's sweet. The the cream frosting is really good, but it is cream cheese frosting, which I love. And I can't have So, w Oh, we got to bop up the There we go. Bop up the signal again. Uh, we got Christmas presents early. I'm sure you heard about what happened in DC last week. We're right there. I was going to get hot dogs, but Issa said, "No thanks. If I did, I would have been about 5t away." Oh my goodness, David. Wow. I glad you're okay. You're meant to be here. Uh-huh. Totally meant to be here. I actually don't know what you're talking about cuz I don't watch the news, but I'm glad you're okay. Okay. I Sorry. I don't stay up to date. I only stay up to date on Disney news. That's probably sad, but it makes me happy. Holiday cookie latte. Oo, what is this? Espresso, caramel sauce, almond syrup, choice of milk topped with whipped cream and merry sugar syrup. Looks good. Does look good. Since they make this for you, they'd probably leave those off. Mhm. Just like the sugar cookie latte at um Starbucks. Yeah. You have to ask for no sprinkles, otherwise you're chewing your drink. It looks pretty, but they don't add anything to the flavor. and they just get stuck in the straw. Yeah, Sharon can fill you in. All right, I'll have her fill me in later. Yes, I'll fill I'll fill you in. Yep. Bonnie says, "Hi, just back home from school. Happy Monday." Happy Monday, Bonnie. All right, let's go see what food they have here in America. Oh, menu looks delicious. They had the turkey with mashed potato. Like the whole Thanksgiving meal here, which I've had in the past and it was amazing. We also love their tree. I think the tree is so pretty. Oh, I thought you said treat. I like the tree, too. A good treat, too. But the tree is beautiful. Uh, Figment Vision says, "Me too, Jenna. Call me ignorant, but at least I'm in happy mental state while thinking about Disney." Yeah, that's just how I've always been. I just What's that? I just like Disney and trying to stay happy cuz, you know, there's so many things to be sad about in daily life, you know, like. So, but it's good to keep up as well. I just I don't know. I just don't I did when I was, you know, not in Disney. I would keep up more, but now I live in in Disney, so it's hard. When I was working, I always kept up with the news. Yeah. Kind of part of my job, right? No, exactly. You do for jobs and things like that. Oh, here's the menu. Let's check that out. Uh, slow roasted turkey. That's the one I was talking about. It is so good. This looks really good. And this cookie looks really good. Chocolate cookie featuring Snicker bar pieces and salted caramel. It's a lot of flavors, but I do like Snickers. So, see, I I don't I'm not a huge Snicker fan cuz I don't like peanuts. So, Oh, okay. Might not be the cookie. Might not. And I don't like peanuts in my cookies. I also feel like that's probably sharable. I'll wait and share that with Andy. I think he would like the cookie. Yeah, I know. He wants to try this, too. I do, too. We'll come back for this another day. Let's go look at the tree though while we're here. Yeah, the tree is so pretty. Gorgeous. Oh, and if you guys didn't see, I posted a real yesterday um on Resort TV1 Instagram. So, I went looking for the new lug bag and um yeah, you got to go watch the reel. It was really, really fun. Cute new lug bag out right now. Pizza Planet lug bag. So, go like the reel. Go watch the reel. Leave a comment. And it always helps. Um hopefully Log will keep asking us to help share out their amazing bags. And I love that you found the bag. Yeah, me too. Cuz I didn't know exactly where it would be. So we were literally on a hunt. And when they're popular, sometimes they they go quickly. It's true. I know. I was a little worried it was gone. Yeah. Everything sounds good, doesn't it? Look, I found another Olaf. Oh, yeah. There he is. Be ready when we Uh-huh. We will. There he is. All right, guys. Let's head on to Let's go this way. To Japan is up next. A good Edwin. I'm glad that the streams keep you happy. But I'm glad you're okay, David. Very, very glad. That is scary. I'm really curious about um the at the Disney drop shop, you know, in Disney Springs, if they'll ever get more of the little Disney um PopMart version. Yeah, the laboos. Really curious. I also heard that PopMart here in Florida got some more Laboo. So, I'm I'm kind of thinking of going there this week. Dale got me some miniature ones. are really cute. But I need a full size one, too. Good job. I know. It was very sweet of him. They didn't have the big version, so he got two small ones. It was cute. Uh Jeremy, that's just the way I call it. I say caramel. You say caramel. It's all good. Yes. Whatever you want to say. It's fine either way. The real word is probably caramel. I say caramel also, which is like That's how they say it in the Northwest. That's how Yeah, that's how we say it in in Indiana. It's a Midwest. But you're not from the Midwest. No. But a lot of the Midwest pronunciations of things or like are also in the Pacific. In the Pacific. So I think a lot of people probably goes way back to the you know gold rush days like move from the Midwest out to the out to the That's a good point. Yeah. Germany has the best decorations. Let's go in here cuz why not? And the tech industry brings a lot of people out. Oh, definitely. Oh, they're getting the lights ready for New Year's Eve. Look, I found another Olaf. We practically completed. I know. We'll just get the map and put all the stickers on. We have to go in here, guys. See if they have any Christmas Hello Kitty or anything like that. Just got back from Japan. Went to Disney. The Beauty and the Beast ride was unreal. Oh my goodness, Brit. That's on my list of things. I want to go so bad. So, so bad. I see Christmas Hello Kitties. Um, oh my goodness. The top ones that Dale got you. Are those also blind boxes? Mhm. Yeah. What you're going to get into? Yeah, they all look the same. They were just different color like Yeah. Oh, but they're all different. Yep. All different. Good for you. Yep. I got um a brown one and a purple one. How much are these? 25 little ornaments. I guess it's the brand name. San Rio. Yep. This one's so cute. Oh my goodness. Can you imagine doing a whole tree? I would. That is so cute. Like one of those like smaller narrow trees. Like a pink tree or a white tree. These would be so cute. I want to do a Harry Potter tree. Winnie want to do a Disney. Disney tree. Should do a Hello Kitty. I'm going to need a lot of trees. Should you need all the trees? Look, she's got croissants on her head. What? And why not? Why not? Exact. Why not? Oh my goodness. Is this the Chloe keychain that Tim and I saw that day? Right. She looks mad though. Why does she look mad? Don't be mad, Chloe. Cuz she's on your keychain if you were holding her. I know. It's true. A $22. But you get two. So cute. But what if you just want one? You can share with your friends. Okay. Who has a gray doggy? Jenna, you can have the Disney tree. I'll take the money tree. Not a deal. No deal. No deal. David, no. They do have blind boxes here. Oh, like look at the look at the cats. Oh, and so this is like what's in the blind? Those are hilarious. Aren't they funny? The cat one on a slide. I know. A cat on the slide again. Why not? Why not? A cat with a banana head. Cuz why not? A cat unit. Lounge chair, right? With a coffee and one playing guitar. Look at the plants. I know. So random. There's more back here. This is like It feels squishy. I think it's supposed to look like ice cream, but it's not ice cream. Is it a like a decoration? Maybe a key chain. I love these though. Look at these. You can make little houses with Kirby. Very cute. Very cute. Tim says, "You can have my money tree." It stop blooming, oh my word. Oh my word. These are cats in their litter boxes. Um, okay. That is the weirdest one yet. Oh my gosh. Give them privacy. In this letter box, you get a little scooper with it. And um, it needs to be scooped out. Do you see? I do. That is very detailed. This is cute though. Like that you can make little apartments. But yes, that is weird. Oh my gosh. That is very weird. And look, it comes with more um kitty litter. I'm okay. Hi. There you go, guys. Know what to say. You You didn't know. You didn't know we'd be seeing that today. Oh, look at the doggy one. And a cat dressed up like a chicken or a rooster. Uhhuh. Which a little bit resembles a Teletubby. It does look like a Teletubby. Look, here's a doggy one. Those are cute. Oh, they're only 10 bucks. I want to sit around the corporate table where they're deciding what kind of blind box item. I know, right? Okay, today guys, we got to come up with the weirdest blind box ever. Cat litter boxes. Yeah, I love it. Woo! Million dollar idea. She's so cute. My cat never gave me privacy. Just saying. I It's true. Animals, they don't know privacy, which is fine. They're animals. It's all good. I do like this shirt. They just want to follow you around. A that's so cute. I mean, you could definitely missing half of it. Yeah, it's definitely too short for you. Uh Darl, we have not added anything to cart yet. Well, except for food. Food. This is short, but um you know, the day is young. The day is our oyster. We have not completed the day yet. What is What is happening? Is she a chicken egg? Huh? Hello Kitty's an egg. Huh? With a tomato. A tomato hat. Tomato hat. Uh-huh. A tomato. An egg tomato hat. Mhm. All right. Oh, this is cute. Little pom pom pier. Mug. Instead of calling those cat thingies blind boxes, we should call it a potential poo pare. Oh, hi. Yes, I'm live. Yeah. I just want to say a thank you so much. Nice to meet you. Super fun. Oh my word. Look at this kitty. She's cute. Like they must She's special. She's 54.95. She is special. Look at them. I'm not even a big kitty fan, but these are cute. Yeah. This one reminds me of Chloe. Look at that little kitty. I mean, I'm not really a kitty fan either, but Yeah. I mean, other than Hello Kitty, right? Yeah. Hello. Although Oh, you're right. She's a little girl. That's right. Mickey and Minnie. This is true. That's true. Ginger says, "I didn't know cats hatched from eggs." I didn't know that either, Ginger. All right, guys. Let's head out. They also have these little guys that you can get. Tim and I got one one day. It was fun. That's a very There's a lot of vending machines in Tokyo, right? It's a big thing especially. Yeah. Just pretty much anything you can think of you can get out of a vending machine. I love that. I want to go there so bad. The Death Star is on the tree playing the Imperial March and lighting up on Wait. On your tree. That's awesome, Christopher. That's so cool. I love that. You became a huge kitt Hello Kitty fan. No afternoon sake. I mean, David, that does sound good. I'm not going to lie. It's still my birthday, right? I'm just kidding. All right, let's see what's here at this booth. Actually, let's go up here cuz I think they have pictures. I like pictures. Don't you guys like pictures when you're looking at what you're going to eat? You know, like when the menu has actual pictures, you're like, "Oo, that looks good." Yeah, it helps helps your decision. But not all of them do that. Of course. Wow, it's your birthday week. Well, thanks, David. Okay, so here is the strawberry bun. Mhm. That looks good. I just am curious what kind of cream is in there. Yeah, it does look good though. This is strawberry cream filling. Finish with a light coconut. Oh, the coconut sauce is probably Yeah. But I hear what you're saying. Maybe it's not really if it's like yogurt. Maybe it's just creamy. Yeah. I don't know. Somebody will have to try it and let me know. Chocolate saki. The sushi roll looks good to me. It has spicy mayo on it. So, you might not like that, but Dale liked it. He had it once before. I can't. Yeah, I can't. I can't do the spicies. Yeah, saki always helps to make good decisions, but let's be honest, margaritas help make even better ones. So funny. You can have one for my birthday month. Oh, thanks Tim. That's so sweet of you. Maybe maybe we can have margaritas on Tim's birthday. Exactly. For Andy and Tim's birthday. Yes. At the moment, but we'll do we'll have a drink, you know, in honor of them. In honor of them. Perfect. Oh, you're welcome. For Epcot. You're welcome. Hey guys, keep popping the like button, subscribing if you're new. Also, check out one of our awesome sponsors. Uh we've got mickeyras.com if you guys are wanting to book a trip right here to Walt Disney World. mickeyras.com will help you book your trip. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book the trip yourself. They help you plan for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com. There's another Olaf. That one I remember in the past was hard to find. Okay, but we found it. We found it. Seriously, did we find them all? Sake it to me. Yes. Austin Powers. Love that rum. Sake it to me. So, there is one more food booth up here, I think, before we get to France. Oh, and Laam is right here in France. Okay. This is the um uh Hanukkah. Is it for Hanukkah, right? That's where we got the black and white cookie. Oh, perfect. Andy wants to try the sandwich there next time we're here. The sandwich. Okay. Sandwich. Let's go check out the menu. See what they got. Oh, there is a long line for a princess. Who is it? Aurora. Aurora? You don't see her out very often. Three out of 13 now. I heard. If you found more, I may have missed them. Okay. I know we found a couple more. Oh, here's another one. I thought we found more than three, but maybe not. Maybe we have. Or maybe I didn't. Yeah, maybe I didn't point them out to the stream. Let's look at the menus. their language. They got a little rice. Okay. Smoked salmon potato latt. Is that how you say it? Lka. Potato lattka. Plain potato lattka. That sounds good to me. What's that? Oh, it's counted as a cookie. Pastry with raspberry jam, walnuts, and cinnamon. It's like a It's like a rolled I need a picture. Pastry. Let's go look at the picture. Oh, and the black and white cookie. Okay. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, it's not. Oh, it's more like a bar. Okay. Delish. Was that good? Mhm. So, you're saying I need to try it? I think you do. That looks good to me, though. It does look good. And that looks good to me. I love a good potato cake. It does look good. Peanut butter cookie. Oh, that is huge in sunshine seasons. Yeah, it's definitely shar connections Cafe, which is Starbucks. Yep. Okay. H Mhm. I tried that. It's huge, but it was delicious. It looks delicious. Those are the other two cookies at that same booth. So, are you telling me that the macaron is not counted as a cookie? Um, you know, it doesn't look like it is. Kind of silly. I guess it's just counted as a dessert for the festival. Okay. Well, it looks like a cookie. I mean, it should be a cookie. Thank you, ladies, for making my winter days. A of course. Thanks for watching. My neighbors met him several times. Okay. Awesome. Do you want to say hi if he watches later? No. Okay. Oh, he's here. Okay. Okay. Nice. Went to CSP today. Oh, fun. flowers away. Yes. Yes. That's not too far. Yeah. Yeah. You told us about you and we watch I watch a screen. I love that. That's how I do it, too. Thank you so much. Yeah. And it's like, oh, yes, I get that. Yeah. A Thank you so much. I appreciate that. Thanks for watching and have fun. Oh, that looks good, too. Bye, guys. I know. We're trying to decide what other things we need. Where have you been? We've only been to Germany. So, we started. So, we've had the Oh, yeah. How was that? Share it. Okay. They portions have been good this year. And then he got the um the ham sliders. They were good. We did too. Yeah, those were good. So, we're just making your way around. Love it. And the cookies now. Yes. Oh, perfect. So, it makes you really sounds good. A no worries. All good. Have a good day. Yeah, we did try those ham sliders, which was also a really generous portion. It was. It was really like two sliders. It really was. Yeah. No, I agree. Um, okay. We'll come back. Mhm. So, we got we got The cookie is really big, by the way. Oh, the cookie is okay. We could share it. Nothing is counted on the calorie meter. I wish that was true, but thank you, Christopher. I'm a little nervous to try the macaron today, just how my belly's been. So, maybe we'll skip it today. We'll show you guys what the picture looks like. Um, but we'll see what else we can find. I definitely want that churro. I've heard margaritas are really good for an upset stomach. What are margaritas? Um, sure. I'm with you. I love that plan. You guys should have seen Jenny's face. She looked at me like like I was giving I thought she was being serious as I was like margarita. Okay, sure. Well, and then David said he put something up here. Um, what about a nice chocolate crepe with a glass of champagne for my birthday? I mean, sure. Why not? From the little crepe window in the back. Uh, maybe. Do you know what my favorite crepe is at that window? It's the one that's just like butter and sugar. Okay, that sounds amazing. Oh, here we go. And then they they put butter on it and sprinkle sugar on it. It's And it's thin and you know they fold it up. I love the crepes. They're just so yummy. Oh, here's what we were going to have. The turkey. That looks big. It's a macaron. Yeah. I think I better not have that today. So, the salmon is in like a roll. Interesting. That could be good. Yeah. But yes, a macron, which looks small in the picture, but I've seen it in people's hands. It's pretty big. I think it is. Sorry, David. I missed it. I'm not finding it. Oh, it almost looks like marshmallows in the middle. It does, but I don't think it is. Like a looks like a She said it's your birthday. You make the rules. However, the frozen hot chocolate martini sounds good. The frozen. Ooh. I bet I bet I can't have it, but it does sound good. All right. Uh-huh. You unless you I'm going to I'm going to peek. Yeah, peek. Are you going to get it? I'm going to peek at this. Oh, there's a Santa over here. I'm going to go see the Santa. I wanted to see if they were handing somebody one of the Oh, yeah. Because I think it's really big. Oh, you can see it in the back. It's huge. Is it huge? Okay. It looks like a It looks like a spider. Bigger than a spider. Bonjour. How can we all say this? Bonjour. And as we say in my country Noel that mean joyous Christmas. Now please come in little come. We are friends are we not? Come. I do not bite. Ah, is that not okay? Not enough. Let me ask you, do you know who I am? Per Noel. We will pear no well. I am the good spirit of the so for me to see how you in such good spirit. Matilda, I have another question for you. Have any of you where your petty come from? Have you ever written a letter to my friend Santa Adhere and puts a return address on the envelope? The French government pays me posters of my reply. Not bad. I get so many. All right. Somebody said they thought it was a ginache. If it's a ganache, I can have it. Why don't we get it? And if I think it's creamy, you just eat it. Okay, sounds good. Okay, we can definitely look cut it in half. Okay, so do you want to hang out with the peoples? And I will go grab it. The line does not look long. Um, we'll face you guys this way cuz Oh, security's that way. But let me get the little gimbal stand so you don't have to hold it. Or actually this way might be better. There we go. All right, guys. I'm going to go get this macaron. Be right back. Enjoy chatting with Sharon. Yep. Just one. Yeah, definitely. It looks big. Oh, do you Oh, you have your passport. Oh, no. Never mind. It doesn't count as a cookie. I forgot. Hello, Amara. Happy Monday. Oh, and for the record, Amara, I do know O Canada and can sing the whole thing for you, which I won't, but you know, just for the record. The official one. Hi, Mighty Max. Mom, you guys fly to Florida tomorrow? Oh, good for you. A well, thank you. K. Sorry, I can't read the rest of it. I need my glasses. Having lunch in the form of pizza bagels. That always sounds good. Yeah. No, Emr, not the O Christmas version. In fact, I know the old old version of O Canada from when I used to spend my summers there before they changed the words. So, I know the old version and the new version. Hi, Hershel and Lenny. Hi, Anna. My favorite festival treat so far. Wow, that is a good question. I think my favorite was the black and white cookie from Laam that we just uh visited that booth. We didn't buy anything from that booth, but we walked by there just now. Delicious. Yes, Christopher. Oh, thank you, Christopher. I turned 19 again and again and again and again. Yes, the black and white cookie. I still have a lot of festival treats to try though, so it may change. And savory. So far, my favorite has been that pork schnitle that we just had in Germany. That was delicious. Hi, Tony. Hello, Mor. Yeah, that's a good question, Amara. Hello, Andy. Hi, Ally. My favorite holiday cookie are the spritz cookies that I used to make with my mom with the the cookie gun. Those are delicious and a good memory. Oh, look at that. fast here. See, here's some napkins. Thank you. Yeah. Show you guys what it looks like before we cut it in half. Jenna comes bearing macarons. Yeah, it looks so good. I love that it like I sanitized. Do you care if I pick it up? Just I don't care. Okay. I just sanitized. Look at this, guys. It is huge. That's a big macaron. Um I don't know. Again, I don't know what kind of cream or whatever is in there. So, we're gonna find out. Yeah. All right. See how this goes. Not very well. Cuz you know it's hard cookie. Yeah. And then soft in the middle. Yeah. It's got that little bit of a crust on the outside which they were supposed to have. Yes. Don't worry about, you know, would it be easier to messing it up? What do you How do you Do you think this will be this way? Maybe straight down. That is weirdly stiff. Uh or we could just take the two feet and just What do you think? Who knew? Or you could eat, you know, you could start eating and then, you know, Yeah. I'm fine with that. So, I might not eat all of it anyhow. So, okay. All right, guys. Actually, you know what? Yeah, sharing cookies is sometimes tough if you because a lot of them are hard to cut. Yeah, I didn't even think that just, you know, just come with somebody you don't really care about. Exactly. Yeah. So, yeah, I'm not worried about worried. Most of the time we around the same term, so Exactly. I mean, we're practically family. Exactly. Exactly. All right, guys. I like you better than some of my family members, Jenna. So, you know, I mean, if we're going to go like extended extended family, I'm with I'm with you. I agree. No, I love I love all my family. Oh, and if any family members are watching, it's not you. It's It's not you. It's not you, it's me. Yeah. All right, guys. Oh, yes. Battery check. Thanks, Amara. Um, after we do this cookie, I will plug you guys in. But let's pick this up. I smushed it a little bit, so it's coming out the edges. That's a lot. Oh, it's about to dip. over there again. Good. Good catch. Good catch. Wow. Hi. The bees. Why do the bees always find us? It's the same one. You just follow the corners. I've noticed the bees. He's going to like this cookie. The bee. Yeah, they smell the sugar. All right. How do I'm going to do this in because it's coming out. Okay. It's about the size of a hamburger. Really? Mhm. Maybe like hamburger, you guys. Is it good? Okay. Does it taste like gingerbread frosting or frosting? Frosting here. Okay. Try a little Yeah. frosting. Or you can try a bite, too. Okay. It is so good. I'm not the other side. I'm not sure what it tastes like. It tastes like cream. I don't think it's buttercream. Hey, Jessica. What do you think? It's very creamy. Whatever it is. First of all, the gingerbread flavor is delicious. Amazing. It gives me cream. You think so? I don't know. Well, I'm going to have one more bite and then you might be able to have the rest. It just It said filling with spices. That's all it said. Yeah. I mean, I would think it was more like a frosting except you can tell they keep it chilled. Mhm. Which makes me think it might be a cream. Mhm. It's delicious. Whatever it is, it's amazing. Mhm. I hope it doesn't upset your Me, too. I'll probably let you have the rest. The flavor is really good, though. And the the gingerbread is not over. Yeah. There. Just take it like a bunch of It's going to take a little bit of a cookie. Yeah. Yeah. Please do that cuz it's it's that's way too much for me. Cookie is you can take more cookie. Yeah. The gingerbread is really good but not overpowered. It's a good gingerbread. I mean the French they know how to make a good pastry. Mhm. Tim says I need a cookie around the world. Yes, you do, Tim. You might not have time to do that this weekend, Tim. But then you're coming back again. He's coming. I wonder what that is. Very good. Whatever it is. Wow. What did Andy say? I don't think you two can finish that cookie. So, you have better bring some home. This one is too messy to bring home. Andy, I don't know. Andy, you need to come meet us. I know you're working on some stuff today, but you know, you could just like set them aside and uh come meet us. Yeah, it's worth the cookie is worth it. It's amazing. Yeah, it could be a good birthday cookie. Yeah. All right, the rest is yours. Okay. I know. I made a mess. I'm so sorry. The rest is my oyster. Mhm. I think I'll eat these in. It's like it's a little sponge cake or something. Yeah. In the middle. Maybe it helps keep it together. Maybe. Oh, maybe. I don't know. A mess. Oops. It's so good. All right, right. Mhm. You want to be a birthday, daddy? We're going we're going we're going to that Oh, thank you. Especially Leslie. Do you want to bring or you want to layer? Oh, yeah. Happy birthday. Sorry, I'm not chatting you guys. I'm eating this delicious dessert. ran into some hoppers. Sorry. Oh, no worries. I Tim, it was it was the hoppers that we ran into from Michigan the last time. What was that? Food and wine that you and I were together. I think Tim and I were together. They're from Michigan. Familiar to me. We actually, you and me and Jesse ran into her the moderator. Yep. So, we're here a lot. And it's her birthday. Oh, wow. Yeah. All the birthdays. This is really good. But wow, it's a lot. It's It's almost like a four person share. It's very sweet. Yeah. You don't have to eat it all. It's um really rich and it's almost too good. Uh no, I can't have tiramisu, unfortunately. I don't know what this is, but it's really good. in the middle. Little Okay. I was wondering it's Is it like Is it like a cookie flavor? Looks like a cookie inside. It It looks like it's different flavored. I'm not complaining. Delicious. Yeah. It's almost like a little bit of a sponge cake inside. M just in the very middle. Okay. Very good. I like that from the little cookie. Yes. Exactly. Yes. Hit the like button everybody. Subscribe if you're new. Check out some awesome sponsors that we have. Let's see who's our next sponsor we need to chat about. Resort TV1 homes. Resort TV1homes.com brokered by expy. You guys are wanting to move here to central Florida to be closer to the magic of Walt Disney World. Check out resortfamily.com. Go over there, fill out the information form. We'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Even if you're not ready to move right now, go ahead and get process started. Homes.com. Um, plug you guys back in. Hey, I just finished watching the final season of Am Just Like That. Oh, the continuation of Sex in the City. Yes. Um, it it was good, but you know, they had to kind of finish in a hurry because they just got cancelled in the middle of the season. So, I felt like they didn't really wrap it up. You know, it's like it's like the last episode is is not really a good final episode. And I know they didn't have time. They didn't really have time to really finish it. HBO. Yes, I don't have HBO. That's okay. So, yeah, I just finished watching that. Um I need to start watching another series and I can't decide what what to watch. We we've had a few recommendations. Um Only Murders in the Building I've heard. Oh, is that the one with Selena Gomez? Oh, yep. Yep. Yep. Dale and I started it and I thought it was really weird. Okay. I couldn't finish it. Dale liked it. Um I mean he he didn't like he he liked some of it. He did finish it. I thought it was weird, but you know, each their own. Oh, the dog is so cute. But Dale and I have been watching um Selling Sunset. We like that one. It's like over the top, but it's good. You know, it's like a soap opera meets a real estate selling. Yes, exactly. 100%. I agree. All right, guys. Let's head this way. Hang on. Dad's texting me. He They're helping with Chloe today cuz Dale was super busy. I didn't think I was going to be able to go live today, but luckily mom and dad to the rescue to help with Chloe. So, thanks mom and dad. Yeah. So, they're telling me that they're there now. It's okay. Oh my goodness. Last night she, you know, we have to take her out a lot now cuz, you know, she's older. She can't hold it. We're thinking about diapers eventually cuz it's just hard. So, we have to take her out almost every hour. That might really be a lifesaver for you. It might. And then last night, you know, we get busy and we're doing things around the house and you're like, "Oh, shoot. Did we take her out?" You know, when was the last time we took her out? And so Dale took her out. Well, she didn't go, so we're like, "Oh boy, there's got to be she probably feed somewhere." So, let's go look. And our t we have tile floor. We do have a rug, but luckily she goes on the tile most of the time, which is great. Um, and so, but our tile floor is such that especially in the evening, you can't see it. It blends into the tile. So, we're going around with a flashlight looking for it, you know, and I'm holding her so she doesn't step in it cuz she can't see it. She's You don't want to step in it. If you guys don't know, we have a very old 17-year-old blind deaf doggy. Um, our baby. But anyway, so I was holding her coming around the corner by the front door and I must have stepped in it cuz I was like and I almost fell with her in my arms. Luckily, I don't know how, but I caught myself. I would have gone right on my tailbone. That would This is the thing with tile floors. Yes. I have to get used to these tile floors in Florida. See, we didn't have them in Indiana either. We had wood floors back in our We had, you know, laminate or um carpet. That was a thing cuz it was cold up there. Um but anyway, so all good. At least I didn't fall. I caught, you know, I had Chloe. I was more concerned about her than me, you know, cuz she's so little and brittle now. And so I like I don't want her anything happening to her. So luckily she's all good. And I'm fine. And Dale and Dale cleaned up the pee and I cleaned up my foot. Okay, the story you guys were wanting today, right? So, she Let's go in the She had gone. She had gone. We found it. She just We Yeah. So, anyway, diapers might be a thing we need to Uh-huh. might need to do. Do they make special doggy diapers or do they like do, but she's almost too little like like newborn? I've found newborn or even preeie work for the littlest dogs cuz her dog needs them, too. I love There it is. Gingerbread tea. It's so good. I might have to get more. We have some still, but I love it so much. Yeah, I don't I drink coffee more than tea, but that is a good tea. Ooh, what's in there? Bread. Ooh, Christmas tea is good. And winter spice is good, too. It was really good. I have a 17-year-old Yorkie poo. She has some of the same issues. It's so hard when the doggies get old. So hard. You know, one year or was it last year even they had um hot tatties in here. Do you remember that? I don't think they have them this year cuz I don't I don't see them. They were delicious. No, it was in here. They served them in here. That's what kind of what I was seeing if they still had them, but I don't I don't see them. Equal parts coffee and hot tea. Nice. Nice. Oh, those ears are back in stock. We're busy in here. Oh, that dress is back. That dress is so pretty. I bought it last year actually. Actually, mom and dad got it. Um Oh, so sorry. It is very pretty. Yeah, flower and garden. Oh, yeah. Dapper day, which is coming up. So, Dapper Day for um the holidays is coming up. What? Next Saturday. Sunday. It's the Saturday and Sunday that Tim is here. Yes, Tim is coming just for Dapper Day. Uh, especially on Sunday when they're doing it at Hollywood. Bring bring your dapper hat, Tim. You would love the gingerbread team. Must be getting ready to play. Oh, fun. For anybody who hasn't seen this band or the Santa, the Santa comes back here, too. Cuz the lights are on. Yeah. Oh. Oh, maybe it is the band then. Let's go in the toy shop. It's always fun to look in here. One year they had a window display and they had a naughty and nice list and my name was actually on there which you don't see Jenna very often. Were you on the naughty list? I was nice. I of course was nice. And see Andy and Jessica are on the nice list here and they were pointing out that I wasn't on it. In one of the Disney display windows making fun of You're on the naughty list. I I just tell them I had more fun. There you go. More margaritas for you. Oh, she does. Mhm. I love these sweatshirts. I think these are so fun. The gingerbread tea came in the Christmas Run Disney virtual race pack. Oh, fun. Tim will not be dapper. He said, "Oh, Tim, Tim, Tim, Tim Tim. Why not?" Not seeing a lot of new things, but they have some cute things. Really cute. The name Virginia is not on anything. You know, Chloe's usually not on or Chloe. Jenna's usually not on anything either, but it it was the other day. Clo you do see Chloe more often than Jenna cuz Aren't those fun? I love that Tiger is front and center. Mhm. I love him so much. Yeah. I love these sweatshirts. Right. You sure your dad does have this one? Uh, he does not. No, mom used that one. Uh-huh. Dad needs Tigger. I need Piglet. And we'll just get your for Josh. Even though he's That's not his favorite. It's Steph's favorite. So, he can represent. Yeah, he can represent Steph. It's fine. We just needed you to fill out the fill out the the rest of the gang there. All right, we're going to make our way back up and maybe go to Do you need any more like protein or are you good there? They have the the turkey poutine over there. We could share it. It's got It's like How big is that? It's huge. We could totally share it. Uh it's got turkey sweet potato fries. Looks really good. Do you want to share it or you think it's too much? Well, I'm fine sharing it if I think I'm I think we're good sharing. Okay, let's do it. You guys mind if we try another treat on the stream for science? Of course. We're just helping you all make up your mind. Exactly. Exactly. Oh, let's see if they have the hot totty out here this year. Oh, very good. Hi, Linda. How are you? My other favorite drink from here, the uh Cider Black. Yeah. Oh, yummy, yummy, yummy. I agree. All right, let's see. Oh, that's the seating. Um, no, just beer. Just beer. Hi. Oh, hey. How are you guys? Good to see you. Good to see you. Do you guys want to say hi? Disney World freaking family. Happy birthday. Wait, Wednesday. Happy belated birthday. Thank you. I know it was around mine, but Friday. Friday. Okay. Day after mine. Yes. Nice. Nice to meet you, Sharon. It's so nice to meet you face to face. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Thank you. Happy birthday to you. I knew you were here. Yeah, we're really close. Yeah. Day before. Yep. I was Thanksgiving this year. It was nice when Lance on that day. It's fun. Yeah. After I get a button you Well, what did I get? I got I got Oh, another birthday. Yeah. Yeah. He was It's the best shopping day of the year. Arby's. Yeah, I got I got on the way back from people. I know Universal's fun. We were there on Thanksgiving. I met Earl the Squirrel Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Nice. Okay. Fun. First time in 20 years. Wow. It's so fun. Changed a lot. Yeah. We made a promise to the boy and he's nice. We can let him go. Right now he's on. Oh, good. I'm glad. That's I enjoyed Epic. Epic. I'll go back to Epic the rest. do it for another 20 years. Okay. All right. I enjoy going. I like just I just like the different, you know, the parade is nice. Marty girl is fun. I've never been to Marty Girl. It's a lot of fun. Yeah, it's fun. It was fun to see. That was an idea to stay for that. Yeah, I like the parade. Parade is so good. I like all the big balloons. They do a good job with it. Yeah, exactly. It's something different but but fun. So cool. He is working on a project at home today. I told him he should come meet me for dinner. I don't know. We'll be at Magic Kingdom dinner. No party tonight, so you get to go hang out. Angela. Oh, fun. Tomorrow we have the party. I was going to say I knew you party. No, not tomorrow. Yeah, already told me that. I already know your schedule. You know, the whole thing. See if I run into Josh this week, too. Yeah, I know he won't be at the party cuz, you know, school night. Um, Wednesday, Thursday. He's usually live on Tuesday, but not Wednesday, Thursday. Um, but I won't say where he's going to be on Friday cuz No, you can't. No, not at all. I know that room. Tim says you did Veloca Coast. Is this true? What' you think? The honest opinion, my soul left my body. It caught up to me at the end. Okay. Do you like roller coasters? Do you like roller coasters? I've told the story like 10 times already. I was having a lot of fun, a lot of laughs. It's great until that last course at the end that you all seem to find amazing. I swear I got very serious to the end and that's when the soul caught up in me. Oh my goodness. Okay. Took a minute. Tim, he's not convincing me to ride it. She's like, "Are you okay?" And I'm like, "He's not convincing me to ride it. I've not been on it." Tim is trying to get me on this ride. It was good. I surprised it was really I love hacker. I wanted it. 200 minute wait. Yeah. Never happened. That's a hard ride to get on at the end of the night. Sometimes I I told my wife I'm like, I'm going to get on some. I'm going to get on one of them. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a chicken when it comes to big things like that. Same. Same. I'm doing one of them. I mean, but I love Hagrids. I like that. We did Stardust Racer, too, and and she laughs at me and she'll keep laughing. I I regretted it once I sat down and closed my eyes. Josh told me I I will not like that. I love Did you But she said it was pretty intense. Yeah. I could feel it. Did you Did you like Velocic Coaster? I threw up a couple times. Seriously. But you didn't throw up on Stardust. Interesting. See, I've heard different that everything bothered me. Okay. And I'm afraid it's going to make me nauseous, too. Yeah. To Hulk by herself. Oh, yeah. Hulk. Oh, Hulk makes me nauseous. I like Hulk. Okay. Well, you're making me think I do not want to do Velocic Coaster then. If you got sick, that's not good. But I did it fine. See, with me, it's not Jenna. No, it's it's the throwing up. I don't want to do I'm afraid of the headaches. Oh, mine's afraid of all the spinning. That's why I like to be in the front row of belly wise. No, I'm good. You were fine. Okay. But but the Hulk makes me sick. Well, I was sitting with you. So, I don't know. But she came off the velocity. See, then I'm done the rest of the day. That's what I don't like. It makes me nauseous the rest of the day. Exactly. That's why I haven't done it. But we'll see. You guys hear? Maybe I'll take a Dramamine. We'll see. We won't make We won't make Chris's read up. Okay. Virginia loved your description about the soul leaving your body and catching up at the end. Originally, when we booked the trip, we're going to Tim says, "Look what I started. It's all your fault, Tim." He is a troublemaker. You got to watch out for him. I can just do it for science. Okay. Yeah, kind of hard. We'll see. Yeah, but we'll see everybody. We'll miss a few people, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. Yeah. Good. Well, maybe I'll see you later in the week, too. We'll be around. Good to see you guys. Thanks for saying hi. Enjoy your birthday. I will. I will. Bye, guys. Oh, that's fun. I'm glad they came to see. Yeah, me too. They were in town. Yes. Yes. Uh, that was funny about the Veloc. I don't know what I'm going to do now. I I thought I thought the last coaster was pretty smooth. Okay. My one thing about like I've only done it once and the first time you do a coaster it's a little like you don't know which way it's going to turn. So that's the one thing that kind of makes you a little iffy. Yep. So I would definitely do it again. Okay. I think you could do it. Ride once so you'll know. If you don't ride you may regret. I mean that's true. I could like I said I could take a drum. I mean, it's more so I'm worried about throwing up and being nauseous the rest of the day cuz that's not fun. Yeah. You don't want to ruin the rest of your day. Or you don't want to go home nauseous either. That's just I never felt like I was being thrown around them. Very smooth. Okay. I used to the one yelling faster on the coaster, but now I can't ride them. Oh, you were the one yelling loud. I love that. See, the older I get, the worse I am with the nauseous, you know, things making me nauseous. So yeah, I don't know. Yeah, Alice was back there. Almost 600 likes, guys. Keep bopping bopping the like button. Also, subscribe if you're new. Would love to add you to the Resort Hopper family. Carlos said he would write it again even though his soul left his body. I mean, that's saying something right there. That's true, Tim. That is a good point. All right. So, I think we get the poutine at the refreshment port. So, let's go see how long the line is and then we'll decide some tables back here if we don't find any more up this way. The other thing I would share is a salmon. Oh, that does sound good, too. That would be smaller. H. Yeah, actually. Let's see. Um, let's look at the descriptions one more time and then we can decide. No worries, Christopher. Oh, I see he's carrying it so you can tell. Oh, looks good though. Yeah, it does. Seared salmon with it looks definitely butternut squash puree maple bourbon glaze. H I'm kind of feeling the poutine. What do you think? Okay, I love sweet potatoes. Me, too. All right, I'll get it. Um if you want to find a table. Um is there one? I guess we can go back that way. Yeah, I was looking to see if there was any in that. Yeah, I know. We've been there. They took those away. There was one down there. That would be a really good idea during a festival. Yeah, I know. You know what else? So, the other day, oh, sorry. The other day, your little Mickey Mouse keychain, you know? Yeah. I was at Hollywood yesterday and I thought, oh, maybe they'll have some all gone. I think they're completely sold out. Did not see a table. Which one is it? There might have been one down this way. Everybody's got the poutine. I mean, there's always the Epcot table. Oh, and there's also the tables across from the old Starbucks World Showcase. Um Oh, you're right. You're right. Should we Yeah, maybe let's do that. Oh, here's one. Actually, this is nice. Okay, perfect. Oh, it's all good. They have a pretty view this way. Oh, hi David. Hi. How's it going, David? This is a great view. Isn't this a great view? Oh yeah, guys won't mind hanging out here with Sharon while I go get the yummies. Oh, if we have to hang out with Sharon, we will. Of course they don't mind. Tammy, you do smell popcorn. Maple? Yes, I do, too. The best kind. All right. Yes, it does smell great. I will be right back. Nice view. Oh, that's a good kind. Oh, sorry. Bees attacking me again. They like me. That's a good point, Rob. I haven't looked at Shop Disney for a while, so maybe they do. Facebook. Did you see that? Yes, Lesie. The bees like me. There. There's something about me today on HBO. The comeback. Oh, yeah. With Lisa Kudro. That is okay. I'm going to check that one out next then because I love Lisa Kudro. I've heard good things about that show. Okay, good. That sounds good. Oh, Ginger, you got the fruit in Disney. Oh no. Yes. Uh my cricket girl, they they must think I'm their personal shopper, personal, you know, snack getter. I don't know. They're just following me around. I I do notice they really don't want to sting you unless you're really threatening them. So if you just kind of walk away a little bit, they tend to leave you alone. But they just think I'm food apparently. Hi Christmas pirate. Yes, snacks. Yummy. I hope we see you again soon. Yeah, I like Bravo also. You can relate, Ginger. Take a guess. How many? Ooh, spaghetti and Swedish meatball is delicious. That must be it, Tim. I'm all the buzz. Oh, yay. 11 days. That's really soon. Good for you. Countdown time. It's time to pack if it's 11 days away. Yes, it is. Sharon Tiger tail. John, hello. Oh my goodness. Look at this. That looks really good. Definitely sharable. It looks good. It smells good. So, let's see. I got Everything smells really good in this spot right here. Really does. You get the maple popcorn, the savory booth, the cand little bit of the steaks cooking at the beads, but Yeah, we might. Why not? Okay. The main smell I'm getting is maple. Yeah, the maple popcorn smells really good. It smells really, guys. All right, guys. Let me turn you around here. Hey, Mr. Young Dude. Doesn't it look amazing? All right, so these Also, I'm glad it's not like super huge. I mean, it's a good amount sharable for sure. Yeah, it definitely is. It's not like it. There's more sweet potato fries than like meat. What a shame. I know, right? I love sweet potato fries. Me, too. All I need is a side of ranch and I'd be happy. Happy potato fries. I'm good. Yeah. All right, let's dig in. Okay, let's see how this goes. Taste test. You know what? I'm going to sanitize cuz we'll probably be doing Oh, yeah. Good point. Or fries, you know. Okay. I think I've gained a couple pounds just watching. I know, right? Yeah. I think I've gained a couple pounds today. Uh-huh. Thanksgiving in a basket. There is this wimpy tiny little rain shower. Yeah. Hopefully, it's going to go away. They threatened uh us with the chance of rain today. How dare they? It hasn't rained here for a long time. It's true. We had to turn on our uh sprinklers. Sprinkers. We did too. I don't know how to go about this. I know. I know. I can't have that cheese. So, I'm going to like fancy. I'm not going to eat the cheese. And that's all you curse. This cheese. Dad does really like the popcorn. You're right. The maple popcorn. It's very good. I don't know about you guys, but he's smelling everything. I love cranberry sauce. Mhm. Mix on top of everything. Mhm. It just adds that little bit of something. Yep. Say hi to the bird. Tim says, "If he wants to get dinner a Christmas present, package of a ranch right now." This is true. They're big. I speak from witnessing. Well, you don't have You should see Jenna in Universal Studios where they're only willing to give her one ser one packet of ranch. How How do you eat four to five chicken fingers with one packet of ranch? Universal just needs to change. Disney, you can have as many as you want. So, she really just needs to have some like portable ranch packets that she can bring everywhere with her. This is true. Mhm. These are good. Mhm. Oh, hi John. That's awesome. Starbucks ranch. I'm happy. These are good sweet potatoes, right? Mhm. They just need a little more salt. So, I do have a knife in my hand, but No, I'd rather just make it difficult. And there we go. Twirl it like a like a noodle. Do you like the cheese curds? I like them. They just don't like I don't mind them. They just don't Yeah, they don't agree with me. I think just the texture I don't like. Okay, I can see. I don't mind the flavor, but they're just kind of weird. The gallon bottle is overkill. No, the area of Canada that like my mom was originally from Canada and like the area we would go back and visit was kind of more like Alberta, that area. And they have they call it chips and gravy. They don't put the cheese curds on. It's just gravy on French fries, which is delicious. Uhhuh. Chips and gravy. My favorite thing. I think it's funny that like how did we get to call chips the crispy ones where Yeah. Oops. Like UK calls them these. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. That's a good And then they call chips crisps, right? I don't know. All right, guys. You don't want to watch us like Canada and England. Yeah. I mean, Canada is, you know, they got a lot of their same England. The same makes sense. Good afternoon, Lisa. What do you think of the turkey? Hi, Lisa. The turkey is okay. Yeah, it's not It's not The fries are better. The best turkey. I agree. I like the um cranberry sauce redeemed it. I agree. And the fries. Mhm. And there's some gravy in here, too, which also helps. Oh, down at the bottom. Look at that. Maybe the turkey needs to get down to the bottom. Mhm. We just eat all the fries out from under it and then Yeah. Put the turkey in there. I know. Why do we call them French fries? Cuz they don't call them that in France. That is such a good question, Tim. Tim, I would like you to research that and then report back. Yep. With the whole paper. Mhm. That's your homework assignment, Tim? You can do a live a live um you know, report if you want. It's probably like French cut. Like you know how they have like French cut green beans and they're longer and thinner. Mhm. So that's probably where Oh, look at you being okay. I'm guessing you're being smart. It's just a guess. That didn't even Yeah, that is smart. I'm like, look at you being smart. Look at you. I'm not just pretty. Not just a hat rack, my friend. Joey says on Friends. One of my favorite lines on Friends. Besides pivot, this is good. I would get this again. When I say something like when I say something not so smart and my daughter goes, "You're so pretty. You're so pretty." Fries are called frees or fre. Oh, fre in Belgium. Pronounced fre. Okay. American soldiers in World War I found them in Belgium where the dominant language was French. Oh, so they're they're from Bel. Thank you. Thank you. Interesting. Am Mara, you know, Amara often has all the answers. Yep. Even if it's not the right answer, I'm going to bleed you. So, if you say anything and you know, I believe you're like the internet, Amara. If you say it, it's true. It's true. Lamb fries. Those don't sound good. or from the style of slicing though. Look at you. Yeah, that's I mean Yeah. Okay. Tim said I just read that. I googled it. Good job, Tim and guys are all on. That's what I wanted to know. Yeah, there is a Okay, so there's not a lot of turkey. There's more curds. I mean, for people who would rather have their protein from a cheese source than a, you know, then this is the dish for you. Mhm. I got to get down to that gravy cuz the turkey is dry. Yeah. It almost is like, you know, when you've had your turkey after Thanksgiving dinner and then it's kind of getting to the end of and you warm it up for a few days and Yeah. Yeah. You've almost warm, you know, it starts to lose its moisture. Oh, Mr. Young Dude said it was from the cutting as well. Okay. Yeah. Well, that makes sense to me. Yeah, cuz you came up without even googling it. I'm just like an encyclopedia. Just ask me anything. I can easily make up an answer. Okay. I don't have a question right now. Okay, good. Cuz I might not have an answer. I might take me a while to calculate the answer. Oh, it's fine. For you. I mean, if you if you were an encyclopedia, I would have to look it up, too. So, that takes a minute. But when you were growing up, did your parents buy encyclopedias? Yep. Yeah. Cuz there was no They had to update them every once in a while or, you know, you could get like the the supplements where, you know, update. Mhm. It's so funny that now we don't have those. Kids in the old days, we had to look up answers in a book. Mhm. Couldn't just look it up on a computer or on our phone. Got to go to the library. I know. So funny. And now you can just ask AI. Yeah. Pretty handy. It really is. But so weird at the same time to think back that way you had to do that. Yeah. You know the different Yeah. Wow. I don't even think two of us are going to finish this. I know. I kind of feel like I'm full. Are you done? Yeah. I might take one more body of cranberry and then I'm full. Okay. Yep. I'm full. Pick that up. Are you too full for one more cookie or a churro? I would share a churo. Okay. Cuz I only need a love it. That's probably not as big. It might be churo sized. It's churo size. Like the little Okay. Thanks, Lisa. Bye. See you later. Thanks for joining. I think I'm of the last generation they ever had to write a report using only books. Mhm. It's crazy, isn't it? We made it. So, we did. my daughter. I don't remember when the internet was a thing and our mom and dad were trying to explain it to me. They're like, "You can just, you know, look whatever you want up on there." I'm like, "That's funny." I'm like, they pretend to explain that to you. I was like, like what? Well, just whatever you want, you know, just you can just put it in there. And I'm like, why would I want to do that? Like, you know what I was like, what? It's true. You know, and it became like you could find some information. It was, you know, clunky and then it just became, it just like I feel like overnight it just became a huge thing. Yeah. I know. And then it was like dial up, you know. Oh, yeah. That was the other problem at the house. If you were on the computer, dial up be on the phone. Hey, Zig Dugman. No, you didn't. But maybe it was funny. We had the entire encyclopedia and I'd get lost in it for hours. Oh, wow. It was kind of cool to look through the encyclopedia and read you the especially the pictures like things you wouldn't think of that you would look and read about different animals. They would have picture of the animals. That was my favorite thing to do. Me, too. The animals totally all right. I'm full. Yeah. This is really filling. Kind of a four person dish. Or if this was the only protein you had. Yes, that's a good point. If we wouldn't have had two Well, I had a cookie before you. That's true. So, really, I had a cookie and we had two cookies and two schnitles and then that big gingerbread, which I didn't eat much and Yeah. Mhm. Okay. So, sharable. Yep. I had to get my answers in the back of the book before the internet. Did I say that out loud? Wait, what? In the back of the book? In the back of the book. This is a key. Oh, wait. You had to flip to the back of the book to get the answers. Tim, is that what you're saying? Like like where the answer key was. Like you had the book and then the answer keys in the back. And that wasn't on every um in every book, was it? Maybe just in the like the school text. Oh, the school textbooks. Okay. Uh Zig Zagman sent $5. Enjoy being able to visit Epcot for the holidays from the comfort of my living room. A thank you, Zig Zagman, for the $5. Really appreciate that and glad you're enjoying the stream. You love anything potatoes and chocolate. I agree. I like potatoes. I like chocolate. I like sugar. Can't go wrong. Math especially. Oh yeah, Tim. I was not good at math. Still not good at math. We're still on the no math Monday, you know. No math Monday. It's a thing. I don't know. I live in a house full of math rated people. So I was gonna say I you know I have to try to keep up. You're good by association. Yeah. Not really. But pretend like I am. You pretend. Okay. Ah. That's why I have a calculator. My phone is very handy. It was funny cuz I remember I was in, you know, math before we had cell phones and stuff in high school where you could just pop out your phone for a calculator. And I remember would get my calculator out. I remember my math teacher saying, "Well, you're not always going to have a calculator in your hand." Oh my gosh. Yes, you are. Yes, you are. You lied to me, math teacher. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Stop and get my Yeah. You want to go in here and see? Wait. It says near Port of featuring Pandora jewelry. Yep. This is it. Okay. So, Sharon completed her cookie challenge. She got five cookies on the cookie st. Not all today. So, she gets to pick up her prize and we get to see what she gets. I've only had two so far. Stamps. See what she gets. Is this the spot? Right outside. Okay. Thank you. Outside. Oh, is it that? Excuse me. Well, that was confusing cuz it said featuring Pandora. That's here. All right, let's look. I guess let's go ask. You guys are finding out with us. They send me back in that store. Oh, wait. That's not the line. How do we get in this line? Wow, that choir sounds. Yeah, it sounds like a gospel choir. Is a cookie challenge really a challenge? Okay, good. I'll wait for you out here. Okay. See what See what Sharon gets. This is the sweets and treats. Hey, Taylor World. So, guys, also want to check out another awesome sponsor. We've got David's Vacation Club rentals at dvcrequest.com/dv. dvcrequest.com/dtv. You guys don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. Joyful. Yeah, they sound amazing. Hi, Aaron. Oh my goodness. M&M. M&Ms. Okay, I think this is the best gift so far. That is amazing. And it has a decor on both sides. Oh, how fun. And cookie recipe. Okay. Peanut butter. Oh, the cook the chocolate chip or sorry, peanut butter with M&M's. Yum. And peanut butter frosting. Adorable. That is the best gift I think they've ever done. Okay. Well done. Well done, Disney. Hi, Jerry. How are you today? Oh, yeah. I love Toronto as well. I we went there as a family when I was younger. Okay. So, let's go for the churro and then uh yeah, we'll see after that. But we definitely need the churo. Everybody's like, "How cute. Love it." I'm going to have So, now that I have a spatula in my bag, if I was on the prices, right? And they said if anybody had a spatula in their purse. I do. I do. Actually, everybody here would have one. Yes. Cuz you know, cookie stroll. That's funny. It's like whenever we bought the Heii chickens and we put them in our backpacks and we were like we'd win if every they asked for a chicken in your bag. We have one. We have a chicken in our bag. I It is a real prize. In the past it would just be another dessert. Which was kind of not good because you're like I've just had five cookies. I don't need another dessert. It was like ice cream or another cookie. Yeah. Something that you really didn't need. Hello Plymouth Rock. Tim says, "I accept the challenge now." I love that. Oh, let's make a deal. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're right. You're right. Let's Make a Deal. Let's Make a Deal. Getting my game shows completed. Funny. Funny. Jerry says, "Good afternoon, Jenna and Sharon from snowy Wisconsin. 10 in on Saturday. Just started snowing again today. It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas." It sounds like it. Yep. I bet it's beautiful. send us pictures. But I'm okay with not having it. But I'm I'm glad you're getting it there. I do miss the first snowfall, but then I want to go back home to Florida. Yeah. Well, Mr. Young Dude, in the past, that is what they would give you. 10 inches. That's a lot. That's a lot of snow. Yeah. I did see a really funny video though this morning on Instagram. Somebody was shoveling in their snow. They put on their their first order costume and went out to shovel their snow. I love that. All right. Is this our line? Are you sure? Okay. Thank you. I'll just Yeah, just Yeah, let's just share it. I'll just hang out. Wait on you cuz I don't see a table. So, we're going to get the Dolce de Leche churro sprinkled with cinnamon sugar. There is no line which is perfect. But we'll try to go find a table. They usually had tables around here. They took them all away. Yes, we are definitely going to be doing the live stream from Fort Wilderness. It's uh closer to Christmas, so it'll be in a little, you know, in a little while. This is what it looks like. I had it in years past and it was amazing. It literally has de leche inside of the churo. Hey, Mike. Trash can table. Yep. Always got the trash can table. Looks like this family is about to leave over here. So, we might get that one. We'll see. We'll have to go in here cuz I know they have fun things in there. Oh, you can meet Santa Goofy in here. So, Santa Goofy's here. Santa himself is over in the Communicore Hall. Oh, look at that. Comes in a handy dandy bag. Okay. And it's warm. Oo. All right. Oh, perfect timing. Birds. Birds. Go away. Birds. Birds. I'm going to pull out the my tray in my bag. So, sounds good. Let me set this on. Let me put them down. Napkin. I don't know. These tables look a little Let me put them down and put the battery and then I'll grab the all the Wow, that bird is like that. Are you going to set that down because I'd be happy to take that from you? Right from you. All right. Got it. Nice and warm. And those puppies. Got it. Thank you. All right, guys. It smells delicious. It does smell good. It is warm. I know in years past I had it. I didn't have it last year. I missed out. But it was so good. This tray is so smart. Did you say at like Target? Yeah, Target. They come in packs of Oh, amazing. And then you can carry more than one plate. Really inexpensive. Love that. All right, we should put it right in front of us so that the birds aren't going to Let's put a napkin down just to try to help keep the tray a little so it doesn't There we go. Stand. Here we go. Okay. All right. Here you go. Thank you. Here you go. Thank you. All right. We have not tried the cheese fondue, but um Sharon wants to. That's on my list. Uhhuh. December 12th. Oh, that's so fun. All right, guys. We're using I just sanitized. Oh, good. Perfect. Oh, there's the sugar. I was like, they didn't sugar it. Nope. No. This great. Ooh, these are nice. Oh, look at the center. Yes. Guys, this looks better. Oh my word. My word. Uh-huh. Also very sharable because the center is rich, but the outside's nice. You want the whole Mhm. And the inside is soft. Mhm. Oh, it's like I would get this again. I could probably eat it by myself. Like cuz it's not overly sweet. No. I think the outside cuts through. Mhm. For sure. Wow. This is really good. And the texture is really good for a for a Disney World churro. I think they make them fresher. Mhm. Or at least somehow warm them up enough. Yeah. It's really hot, actually. Wow. Mhm. Inside hot. Mhm. Not like burn your mouth hot, but hot. Okay. This is better than the macaron. Oh, in my opinion. Does that rain or did a bird just It's supposed to rain. I just got a drop of something. Oh, I just got a drop. Okay. Yep. Yep. Great. So, either we've both got birds on, which has happened to me in Epro before, by the way. I don't see it on my hand, though. Yep. We might want to cover. You ready? We can churro and go. That's our motto. Churro and go. Churro and go. That's our mantra Monday. Churo and go. I think we're okay. Yeah, this hotel. Just some random drops. Weird. However, we are kind of far. If we do get rained off, we're going to get drenched. Mhm. You want to start walking that way for the Odyssey? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Just in case. Mhm. Oh, yep. I felt another one. Okay. Oh, yep. It's raining. Uhhuh. All right, guys. If you come to Epcot and you like churros Mhm. and dolce de leche during the festival. Get this. Yeah. During the festival. I wish they sold these all the time. Me, too. They could. Yummy. All right. I'm coming down harder. Okay. Wow. That might be my favorite thing we had today. Me, too. And then my grandma on my dad's side was all she was like yummy. Here comes the rain. Even though I took my emergency poncho out of my bag. Oh no. Cuz I was like, "Oh, it says 0%." I think I have an emergency poncho hidden somewhere in my bag. I feel like I just keep one all the time. I did and then it been so dry I just took it out. Not smart. You're like me though. You try to make it as light as possible. I do. I take out things I don't think I'm going to need. Mhm. Like the poncho. The poncho. Apparently I think I still have only cuz I forgot to take it out. Yeah. Yeah. It could be. Yeah. Let's go see if he's out. A I love when they do that. It's making a little Mickey out of debris and leaves and things. So, there's more yummies in here. Let's go see what's over here in the case. Oh, wow. Some sort of cake pop. cake. Yeah, it's pretty big. Yeah, it's huge. This is Ooh, that's the crumb cake. Popcorn caught my eye. Yum. Rainbow reindeer chow. Oh, that's the reindeer chow. Okay, this looks good. I don't know your name. I might have to try that at some point. We love you. Hello. Thank you so much. Yeah, you guys are trying the reindeer chow. Yeah, that looks good. Awesome. Yum. We just got a churo from Mexico at the booth. Amazing. Very good. Very good. Well, thank you for watching. Have a good night or day. It's still day. Santa Goofy. Santa. Oh, interesting. That Oh, look at this. Wow, it's really pretty in here. It's a winter wonderland. Is there any desserts? You want to go marshmallow? Okay, sounds good. Yep. They're already getting in line for Santa. Goofy meat's right here. Glittering Grove. Balsam Hill. Oh, these are Balsam Hill trees. Oh, you can just Um, Yep. It's It's coming down a little bit. Hi. Hi. How are you? I'm good, thank you. Where are you guys from? Uh, North Carolina. Okay, awesome. Very good. Love the Epcot shirt. I almost bought it. I got pooped on by a bird today. How dare that bird? Yeah. So, it's been interesting. New the impulse buy. Okay. Well, I mean, you kind of have to. Yes. And what better shirt? Exactly. Uhhuh. Great. This is our Christmas. Oh, yeah. That's awesome. Do you want to say hello on the stream or No, it's not. No. Okay, no worries. All good. Wanted to say hi. Thank you for watching. Have a good day. Bye. Oh no, David. I'm sorry. I always feel Christmas. I love it. Love it. Love it. Love it. Um, yeah, it's sprinkling. Not hard, but it is definitely sprinkling. They have a beer flight here. There's the reindeer chow and then the frozen caramel hot chocolate. But yes, let's chat about some sponsors as we're hanging out here. We'll just hang out under the roof for a minute. Okay, let's see. We're getting small blips. Is it still blipping? Looks okay on my end. You lost your Christmas mojo. A that's too bad, David. I'm sorry. I get it. I I have felt that in the past, so I understand. Rain blips. No lag blips. Okay, thanks for clearing that up. All right, let's see. I'm I'm like off my game here. Oh, we've got wait time signs. Yes, we got to talk about weight time signs. Our amazing sponsor um wait time signs. Sorry, the music. I thought I thought we'd come out. I knew you knew right away when I when I heard the music come on. You could also hear it in the restroom. It's very loud. Uh oh. We might We might get dinged, but that's all right. So, wait time displays and the new weight time TVs are here. So, go to weight time or sorry, waits.com. Use our code resort 15 for 15% off. You can see real time uh ride weight times in the parks. They change throughout the day as you know the weight times change. You can also view the resort TV channel. So, if you want to see um the the that exact day will be on the resort TV, which is pretty cool. Uh you can also watch live nightly fireworks shows. Um, you can watch YouTube live streams and you can watch multiple ones on this device as well. Um, and then live piano shows from home, too. So, go check out weightsigns.com. Weightsigns.com. Use our code resort 15 for 15% off. And then we'll do another one here. We've got um, see, Dreamtable. Uh, Dream Table is an amazing app that makes finding Walt Disney World dining reservations um, a breeze. So, if you're looking, I guess, let's walk towards this way. It's raining a little, but it's not bad. Yeah. Yeah. It's just a little sprinkle. Um, so if you guys are trying to find reservations for your trip when you're coming and you can't find the one that you really, really want, all you have to do is get this app um or go to dreamtable.co and put in the reservation, the restaurant that you're looking for, and then, you know, of course, the number of people and what time you want and what day. and then they will search for you and then notify you when it becomes available. They won't make the reservation for you. Then you go, they'll notify you. You go back in the app and you make the reservation. So again, it's um dreamtable.co. Go check them out. Don't go anywhere, guys. We're going to head into the shop and see if there's anything new. It is Monday. You never know. Hi, Isabelle. I know, right? We also have layer 1 technology. Um, Layer 1 Technology is a managed service provider who helps small to mediumsiz businesses with their help desk, uh, tech support, cloud services, network support, backup, and disaster recovery. So, um, go to layer onetone technology.com again. layer onetone technology.com. Go check them out, creations. Here we go. Can your next sponsor do something with smellvision? A little popcorn or churro scent would be fun. Wouldn't that be amazing? I'm down for that. We'll work on that. Yes. If anybody knows how to do that, let us know. Maybe we should um make our own like room scents like a spray or something and Josh can I Josh and I can make those and then you guys can buy them on our store and then we'll be like, "Use the churo scent now. Use the popcorn scent now." Right. Uh-huh. Josh, this is a million million dollar idea. All right, we're going to do machine or Yeah. There you go. A scent machine. Cincy, reach out to us. Cincy, we could we could collab on this. But I get most of the profit cuz I came up with it. A really good scent machine these days. They do. Wasn't that a great idea? It is really good idea. This will be the closest we can get to smellvision. I don't know, guys. I think it's a million dollar idea. Mhm. All right. Pirate water. Pirate water. We could do um the gasoline car smell from Magic Kingdom. It's coffee smell for Starbucks. The burning. The Rome is burning. Rome is burning. Oh. Okay. Yep. This is going to be great. Hey, Regina. How are you? Hope to be there tomorrow. Pending snow. Snow. Not snow. I hope you get to come, Regina. I hope you don't get snowed in. I know. So cute. I used to worry us when we would come here in the winter. I know you guys got We did get you got caught here and you couldn't get back cuz of snow. We got caught here for several extra days. I feel like that was last year. It was last year. Darn it. Cuz it started snowing on the other end. Plus that was when they were having those 737. Oh, the issues with the planes. Yeah. Tim says it makes perfect sense. David says, "Wait, what's my cut?" You know, we'll give you one of one of them for free. There you go. You get one for free. You'll just be like, you know, on retainer for advice. There we go. I like that. That's cute. That is really cute. Yep. That's I also really like that. But it's again the wide Yep. I do like this. The wide Mhm. cut which does not look great on me. It looks good on lots of people. Yeah. Just not not me. I'm too tall. Maybe that's it. Like this shirt. I love it, but I don't think it would look good on me. You know what? It's too wide. I feel you actually could wear it. You think so? I just think I feel like I look like a little kid. I'm used to wearing, you know, more fitted. Yeah. I bet it would look really cute. Okay. I mean, if I tucked it in like Jesse Mouse, but I I just don't tuck in. Yeah. I don't either. But I don't even think you would need to tuck it in. Okay. Yeah. like sleeve pants on the bottom. Oh, there you go. Yeah, with leggings. I could see that with leggings. That would be cute. Jesse Mouse got this the other day. It's so cute. It looks so cute on her. Yeah, it did. I love how she said, "Oh, I forgot to bring a jacket. I'm going to have to buy a sweatshirt." Darn it. But this was a good choice. It's adorable. It is. It was super adorable. It is super adorable. Oh, what's is this a magnet? Yep. I don't know. I literally couldn't get it off the thing. Oh, look. It moves. It moves like you slide down the move. And we've had no margaritas, guys. That one was tough. Here, try to get this one. Well, this one moves better. Try to get this one off and then you'll see why I couldn't see. And we don't want to break the Don't break the nails. Leslie pointed out that that my nails were really good. So yeah, we don't want to don't break them. This one's having This is a really cute magnet, though. It is. I hadn't seen that yet. I still really want him. But I'm like, I don't need him. The old adorable, right? I know. He's just like you don't even know what you do with it. But he's actually a good price though. He's only 25 bucks for that size of a plushy. I mean I like him. He's my one of my favorites. Ride in the back of my car with my rally monkey. I love a with your rally monkey. Do you Okay, wait. Look at these. Do you see his horns? And do you see his horns? Oh, these look like he's He looks like he's sad. He's a sad puppy. He's like He's like Look, guys. What is going on with him? And they don't move either. Well, now I kind of want him because he's sad. They just go back. This one's go back. So does his. Go down. He's a sad puppy. Poor poor. He wants to you to take him home. But Tim says, "But you need him." It does look like he's in distress. You okay, Figment? There's one more thing I saw. A Now I kind of want to take him home. It's okay, buddy. Why do I want to take all the sad things? No, no. Cuz I want to make it to try to make people happy. Uh-huh. Make it better. Yep. It's true. They're really cute. I feel like they had a ton of them in the other shop. Oh, good job. Yeah. Yeah. See, the horns actually help hold him up. Hold him up. Sam, too. I need this figment. You want the sad one? He looks sad, too. They kind of all look sad. Well, okay. But we noticed. Look at this one. when his horns look more like he it looks like a puppy's ears are crying. I kind of want to take him home compared to the others. I know he's the saddest looking I've ever seen. But he's like a like a sad puppy. You just want to like comfort him and it's okay. I'm not happy like he is like yes. Oh man, now I have to take him home. Cheer him up. I like this one. He's really squished. No, he has the ones down here are like squished. It's like he's eating something out of his hand. His face is like I'm squished. No. Yeah. Like Oh my god. Their heads are He's like a dog when you when you're like when they hear like my neck hurts. Oh, someone chiropractor. Uhhuh. Oh, there you go. You can fix you to the top row. You deserve it. Beautiful. This is on top of everything. Everyone's happy. He looks happy. He's happy. It'll be okay, buddy. It'll be okay. Someone will get you. I promise. And I will if no one does. Okay. I love this. Me, too. Same. Same. It's going to be I might go get him. Yeah. He's too sad. Too sad. You, too. It's like Toy Story. Like, you know, they have feelings. You can't leave them there. Is it sad that I want a sad plushy? No, you just, you know, he's cheering up. Everybody says I should get him. He's calling to you. Get him. Give him a macaroon. I know. I do love this. See, that's what I should spend my money on. Not sad figment. I wore this on Saturday night. Oh, and it was chilly. It was the perfect I mean, was it just nice? It wasn't as cold as Friday, but it wasn't as cold as Friday. Chilly. Hi. Oh, thank you so much. Do you guys want to say hi on the stream? Yeah. Yeah. What are your names? Isaac. What is it? Isaac and Elijah. Awesome. Nice to meet you guys. Where you from? Pittsburgh. Okay, cool. Are you having fun today? Awesome. Thanks. Thanks for watching. Bye, guys. And of course, the ears that we have. After you buy the Figment, you can get a Charlie in the box. What's that, David? What's that? What's a Charlie in a box? I don't know. Here's a shirt that Sharon has on. And I love it. He's happy here. Yeah. It's just a little nod to the passholder on the back. Yeah. Fun. It's really good. Even though it shouts passholder, right? Very soft. Yes. Yes. It's passholder. Passolder. In case you didn't notice, passholder. Karen says we're so fun. This blanket looks nice and soft and warm. It's the same as his uh sweater. Yeah. You hadn't seen the sweater ears? Oh, yeah. We have them. Mhm. They're on our heads. That was um It was add to cart immediately. That on the on day one of the Oh, hi. How are you? I'm good. Thank you. We watch you all the time. Thank you so much. What's your name? Nice to meet you. Okay, cool. Son and his father today. A do you want to say hi to them on Sure. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Tell him hi. What's your grandson's name? Nolan. Nolan. Hi, Nolan. So, are you jealous? A He's only three, but he knows. Of course, he knows. Yeah. A Thanks for watching. Have a good day. Awesome. This is cute. I haven't seen the figment one. Yeah. So we come in on on day one of the festival and invite all the crowds in here to get our our pigment ears. Long line and it's like Yeah. And then we're so happy they still had to. And then we went over to Communicore just to look at more stuff and they have all the merch over there and no line. No line and a ton of merch. Yep. You know, there are other places to get the festival merch. But whenever your mind is thinking, hey, we need to get it. We need to get it quick. You come to the shop quick. We've seen things run out. Oh, yeah. They're doing a much They're able to keep things in stock much better. They're doing way better. 100%. So, the eBayers aren't buying it all, which is great. Yeah. Great. Great. Great. All right. What else do we see? Oh, did you see they had a new Wishable? Um, it is the Kitty Cats from Aristocats. I like Then you can get these are very any of these kitties. Again, even though I'm not usually a cat person, these are just really But I love this one. Reminds me of Chloe Marie. One year for Tapper Day, I was Marie and Dale was this one. I forget his name, but Oh, here. Oh, yeah. Um, Burlios. Berios. That was Dale. Yep. We did a like a little um Disney bounding. Tuloose. Ber like Tuloose Latre. Oh, he's named after the artist. Leos cuz it's an io or Leos. I'm sorry. I can't speak. Another artist or or a composer. And then Duchess. That's easy. Duchess. And then Thomas Ali. That's really easy. I really liked this movie, by the way. Me, too. Oh, me too. Once again, I need them all. I have a Charlie in the Box ornament and a plushy. They're from the Rudolph stop motion. Oh, that's Charlie. Yes. Okay. Now, I'm glad you explained because I know exactly what you're talking about. Yes. Mom needs this, but it's kids. Yeah. Oh, she could fit in. She could large or extra large. They do have a large. They don't have an extra large. Have a berry. Merry Christmas. Mom would love that. Maybe an early Christmas present for mom. Your mom's tiny. Oh, here's an extra large. Yeah, we might need to get that for her. Yep. They're 25 bucks. That's not bad. Okay. Do you Is that the only No, there's a couple left. Okay, we're good. I was going to say, do you want to hang on to the people and all? But no, it's it's fine. We'll come back. All righty. What else can we find? What was our mantra again? I already forgot it. Something about churros and go. Oh, yeah. That was it. Churo and go. Churro. Yes. Chur go. Churro and go. Wow. So funny. We need to write these down or something cuz Bertoiss. Bertoiss. Bertoiss. Thank you. I am really bad. I never I didn't take French. Berto. Bertoiss. Okay. Oh my. Somebody correct me. This is giant. They had these for a while and then I felt like they Yeah, we tried them on one time. I feel like they're just way too big for me. Yeah, like grandma, why are you wearing a huge bow on your head? It looks cute on somebody really young, you know. No, I still still looks weird. I feel like a little kid could get away with it. Okay, there you go. Cuz it's giant on the kid. That would be cute. I'm not even a grandma, but I just called myself a grandma. I know. I was going to say grandma to Arthur. You are a grandma to Arthur. Mhm. Arthur is my daughter's fur baby. Yep. Just like mom and dad are Chloe's grandparents and they're her fur granddaughter. They love her. In fact, they went over to help with her today. I think it's really cute how dogs love the parents of the owner. Yeah. I think they can tell his dog loves, you know, they can tell, right? They can tell that you're part of the family. Your owner loves you, so they instantly love you. Yep. Exactly. Yeah. Anytime we go out of town, if mom and dad couldn't watch her, I wouldn't go. And a little bit like, "Hey, Adrio, the real grandparent situation." Yeah. You don't tend to discipline the dog. You just love him and give him treats. Exactly. Like, I love you, Grandma. Uh-huh. And it's just like that with kids, too. Exactly. You used to own Arisa kittens comic books. Oh, fun. You always say grandpa. P A W. That's cute. See, Chloe calls them Mimi and Papa cuz when mom first said what she wanted to be called when we had kids was Mimi and we're okay that works. And so Chloe always knew Mimi like, "Let's go see Mimi." And then for dad, we didn't know. He didn't really know. But Mimi and Grandpa just kind of sounded weird, I thought. So we did Mimi and Papa. I like it. So, she knows their names. Or at least she used to when she could hear. Poor baby. All right, guys. Got a nice view here of Walt. So cool. Um I think do we get all the sponsors? Oh, we have one more. Behind the Ride. Behind the Ride by David Mower. If you guys are wanting to learn how some of your favorite rides were created at Walt Disney World, go check out Behind the Ride again by David Mower on Amazon. There's also uh Disney Demystified on Amazon as well. Um go check out Disney Demystified. You can get the uh ebook, the hardcover copy, or even the audio book. We also have platinum members of the channel. We have uh Amy Moore, Grey Rose Adventures, Big Guy 1, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, William Ly, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, uh Chuck Paulie, the amazing Jayla Moxley, Skiander Dani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Bismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our awesome platinum members of the channel, all of our members of the channel, all of our Patreon members, as well as our moppers for mopping and hoppers for hopping. Of course, shoppers for shopping. Can't forget them. And a big thanks to Sharon for hanging out today, trying all the food with me. Oh, yes. It was such a It was so hard, right? So hard. You even got a prize for it. Yeah, exactly. Got a spatula to prove it. Yeah. So, I don't know if Josh will be live tomorrow. I think he will be, but he's definitely going to have his cruise video in the morning, probably around 9:00 a.m. So, you don't want to miss his second cruise video from the Destiny tomorrow morning. And then I'll be live on Wednesday from somewhere. Don't know where. So, you're going have to tune in to find out. Probably be in the afternoon sometime. Those have been working better with Chloe and their schedule. So, stay tuned and we'll see you Wednesday. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye bye. Please
