---
video_id: uGAQoiZ-Eo0
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Christmas Time at Disney's Animal Kingdom - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 12-10-25"
published: 2025-12-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGAQoiZ-Eo0
---
the weather. Thank you. How are you? Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're here at Animal Kingdom to enjoy all of the Christmas festivities. Oh, look how cute. Oh my goodness. So cute. Welcome in, guys. Oh, I love it. They're adorable. So, definitely make sure you hit that subscribe button, hit the notification bell, too, so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all the social media. We're Resort TV, one on all the things. Hey, here comes the baby. Penguin. Oh my goodness, they're so cute. Your ears are so cute. Thank you. A so cute. Baby penguin. And there's mama. Mama penguin. Mom, we're over here. Hi, mama. A ador. Hi, Gary. Hey, Mega Byron. Hey, Summer lady. How are you? Welcome in. Hey, look. Me. purple. We were here a little bit ago and they had different animals, so they switched them out throughout the day. I love it. They're so cute. There's a fox somewhere, too. Let's see if we can spot the fox. Let's see. Oh, right here. I see the fox. What did the fox say? Oh my goodness. Look at this cute. My mom's back on the aric today all of our other friends. Adorable. So, if this music is not here later or it's muted, um that means we got a copyright and I had to mute it. So, hopefully we won't. But the music is great. Welcome in everybody. It's going to be a beautiful day here at Animal Kingdom. We're going to enjoy all the Christmas festivities. Like I said, we're also going to try to ride some rides, especially the safari, do some shopping, and much more. And I'm not alone. I have some friends here today. Oh, yeah. Woo! Good job. No, you're fine. I have some friends. I have Jessie Mouse here and Julian somewhere around here. Oh, there he is. Get through the crowd. It is busy up here. Everybody say hi. Hello. Hello. So, I have festive friends. Yes. And we're excited for a fun day here at Animal Kingdom. So, let's go. Where should we go first? Yes. Yes. Okay. I like that plan. The animal place. The animal. Okay. The place with the animals. Okay. How about we start with the safari? Do you want to see? Is it still 15, Julian? Do you want to check for us? Uh, safari. Thank you. Got to love all the decorations around Animal Kingdom. I love the lanterns. They're so pretty. Hi, Catalina. Everybody saying hello to the mouse family. The mouse family. This park has probably one of my They're my favorite decorations. Mhm. They're really pretty and they're like all over, too. They're not just up front. And I like that they use like natural like things from nature and Yep. and recycled stuff. Yeah, it's so cool. Hi, Mia. So excited for the stream. Animal King at Christmas is one of my favorite places and music has such happy vibes. I agree. Hi Amy. Hey Mara. Edwin is here. 15 for Oh, we we can do that. Let's Let's head there first. So, let's see if we can spot some otter. They were out a minute ago on our way back. See if we can see them. We didn't see any babies, but we did see the big otter. I ought to tell you about it. A hi. Hey, Dingo. Hi. Hi. They're making noises. Oh my goodness. Hello. Are you my friend? Oh, that one's still got something in its paw. He had some earlier. Hi. Hello, Catherine. Hey, Disney Adventures with Craig. Yeah. I love their little squeak. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Did you get that, honey? I did. You didn't get that? I did. Oh, thank you said. Oh, no, I did. Hi, Mommy Joy. Hey, Ryan. Hi, guys. I'm glad you're enjoying the stream. Hey, Jay Dog. Jay Dog says, "Yay!" Animal Kingdom. Not that I'm biased or anything. All right, there are up here, so we might as well head out. That was really cute. I said we saw the otter earlier. I ought to tell you about it. Amazing. It was utterly amazing. I did kind of get it. I got it on the stream. That was adorable. Yep. Hi, Diana. Hi, Tony. How are you today? Share out the stream everybody. It's going to be a fun day. It's a little bit overcast, but we're getting the sun every once in a while, which is really nice. The high was I think 70 today. I don't know if it's going to make it, but it's going to I think it was like 68 when we left the car. Okay. And I think it's going to go down to like 50°. That's why I brought a little bit a little bit bigger sweatshirt for later. But it's beautiful. We are enjoying it. It's fine. It's 21 max. Yeah, right. I know. Back in northern Indiana, I saw the low was in the tens, like 10 and below. And I don't miss that. I'm not going to lie. Yeah. Uh Rebecca, hello. And yes, we will stop into the the shop here in a little bit. Tim says, "I got to go home and pack again." That's right. him like I don't even know why you left. I don't know why you left either. Silly thing called work, I guess. Take a quick picture. Of course. How are you? Good. How are you? I'm well. Hi. I think I've gotten a picture every year for the last 5 years. Oh, sounds good. Gimble this. Thank you. All right. Here we go. Thank you, Tony. It is Jesse Mouse. Hi, it's me. Jenna is taking a picture with some hoppers right now. So, I've taken it taken it. so that uh she can have a gimballess photo. How is everyone today? I'm enjoying a day off from work. It's a beautiful day in Animal Kingdom. Hi Amy, how are you? Safari dropped to 10 minutes. I like this. You're going to say hello so much. cuz I've already dropped. All right, I'll go this way. All right. Hello, everyone. Hello. Remind me your names. Grant. Grant. I'm usually very quiet in the chat, but we've been watching for probably seven seven, eight years. Awesome. Thank you so much. Try to get you guys on uh find you guys every year. I love that. Thank you so much, guys. We appreciate it. Have a good day. Enjoy. Thank you. You, too. Awesome. All right. Here we go. Can you hold that for one second? I got to switch hands because I'm right-handed. There we go. I need the gimbal in the right and the drink in the left. Are they out? Oh, let's check them. The little tamrons. They all look about to be the same size now. Are those all the babies? The babies have grown. Yeah. When the last time, do you remember? They just had the dad with the babies. That's what they Yeah, they said they had to take the mom out. I I She was tell explaining, but I forget. Maybe she was a little too aggressive. Okay. But at least they got their dad. Hi, Lisa. So cute. And I think one of the cast members were saying, "If you see the ones running around, those are the babies." Hi, Noel. Those two are the babies. Yep. There's one on the roof there. That might be dad, you know, looking over all of them. Yeah, Animal Kingdom doesn't seem crowded. Yeah, you know, the worst part was up front with all the magical. That's it. Monageries. We have not done the new Zootopia show yet. No. All right. Too cute. That one's scratching like a little doggy. He's got his back foot up. Mhm. All right, here we go. Oh, this is open. Got hot dogs here. Place going to sound so here with the place. Here was a place that they had really good food. Uh-huh. It is here. I remember us by and had Yes. I you know which one I'm talking about, right? Mhm. Was it here? It was here. I think it's over. I know. Julian's like, I have no idea what's happening right now. Really good food. That's like here. That's like the place with the food. I actually do. We saw it on the picture, guys. I I think I know. I can read Jesse. She speaks Japanese. Jess? No, I believe it was on a stream of the outside of And it was over by M where you meet Mickey and Minnie. I think I think something like that. Were they Was it like barbecue and different things like that or No, it was um I think they had some Toasty Tonies there. I think that's where it was. We'll have to go see. Hi, Rita. Haley and Robin. Could you wish Robin a happy birthday? Oh my goodness. Robin, happy happy birthday. That is awesome. I hope you have the best birthday tomorrow. Turning 11 is so fun. I'm 11. You're 11? I love that. Somebody on my birthday vlog said, "Oh, I'm so glad. You know, turning 50 is a really big milestone." I'm like, "Where did I say I turned 50?" Nowhere. I definitely didn't turn 50. I just thought that was funny. I was like, "Not 50." Nope. Too funny. Definitely not. But that was funny. I was like, "Nope." Not Not that it's bad to be 50. I just did not turn 50. You turn 27. I did turn 27. And then with shipping and handling, you were not 50. Exactly. Even Even my real age, I am not 50. No, exactly. Hi, Rob. It is many, many years away. Yes. What? What? It said, "My favorite villain is my wife." Oh, that's mean. That's not nice. That is not nice. Oh my goodness. You wish you were 50 again. Hi Katie. Wrapping gifts. Oh my goodness. That's awesome. I got to get busy and buy some gifts. Wow. I did go a little a little shopping. You did a lot of Oh my goodness. So cute. I did a little bit of Christmas shopping yesterday and I took a vlog at Primark. So that'll be on Adventures of Jenna and Dale whenever I can get it edited. A Jennifer says I'm ageless and priceless. Thank you so much. Hi. Thank you. 10 minutes. Yay. I like 10 minutes. Hopefully, we'll get some good animal interactions cuz it's not hot. Corala. You've never seen Kora? Oh my. Goodness, you guys. All right. Today's the day. He better be a I'm so glad Le and Robin tiger either even though I know he's a little tiny baby. We'll have to go there next. He probably is going in. He usually goes in in the afternoon. In the afternoon. Nap time. We did though. One time Sharon and I were here and we got to see cuz you know they keep the dad on the other side and the mom and the baby on the one side and there's a tunnel underneath. We saw them open the tunnel and the dad went through after they had sent the mom and the baby in. So, it's kind of cool. They're radioing each other. They're like, "Okay, mama and baby baby are in now. We got the the gate open. You can send them through the tunnel." Super cool. Hi, Katie. Welcome in. Okay. When the weather is hot, look in the shady places where you may find them resting. When the weather is colder, you may find them on the open grassy plains soaking up warm rain of the sun. Many animals there are kangaroos in here. I feel like there was a There's kangaroos by the tree of life. I know that. Okay. But I feel like there was a point where they had them in here. I could be totally misremembering that. Maybe by the tree of life. They don't really need those fans. I'm just saying. Yeah. I don't I don't remember that, but you could be right. There's some things I don't remember like where I put my phone. And welcome to Kilimanjaro Safaris in order to keep your weight. Hi Catalina. Hey Anna, please keep your group together. Keep up with the party in front of me. I want that for Christmas and fill in all the space. It is not necessary to form a single line. If you are traveling with a stroller, you must have children and valuables unloaded before you reach our stroller farming area. Only hippopotamus will do for my Pandora. No way. I love that so much. I have nothing. A hippopotamus is I need a hippopotamus. Nope. Only a hippopotamus will do. When it comes to my goodness, hello Jambo WW streaming. How are you today? their parents. This was a walking adult as the group ahead of you boards safari travel. You may follow. All right, guys. It does lag a little bit back here sometimes, so just stay tuned. How many? There's three. Can we do the back row by chance? Um, I'll give you the back row right now. I'll let you know if you can do it. Oh yeah, no worries. Yeah. Okay. Thank you so much. You should be in good health and free from high blood pressure, heart, back or neck problems, motion sickness, or other conditions that could be aggravated by this. Expected mothers should not lie. All right, guys. Once upon a transport, please remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside and remember to watch. The transport will be arriving shortly. Enjoy your adventure in my general safari. The safari has always been my favorite attraction. It's so good. Right. Oh my goodness. Did you guys know this? What's the bread? No, just general. Yeah. I didn't know the thing. I need one. I'm like here. I wish I p me hippo. I said piggy hop. Hobo piggy hop. Oh, that's chili. Susan. You guys got room? Okay. My phone in there so it doesn't fly out. Oh yes, Nita. Hello. We love Animal Kingdom, too. It's so fun. Caribou means welcome aboard. Slide all the way into those rows. Little ones on your laps or on the seat next to you. Wherever we sit, we do got to stay there the entire time. So get I agree. It is always a fun right side. Watch those hands, arms, feet. Doors are sliding shut. Sante Son that means thank you and twin Davies. So let's go. Let's go guys. Jambo everybody. Hi there. My name is Ashton. I'm going to be your driver today. Just a reminder please keep those hands, arms, feet, legs inside the vehicle at all times. Please keep little ones on your laps or on the seat next to you. If you do have a child or baby in your lap, they must stay all the way seated facing forward in the same lap the entire journey. That is for safety. None of us are allowed to switch seats. And then if you want to take photos today, I recommend having your phones or cameras out and ready. Maybe even set to sports mode or live mode cuz you never know when an animal's going to show up. We got a lot of ground to cover. Now, our first stop here is the little literary forest. Some of the animals in here can be a little shy for camouflage, so make sure you're looking in those bushes for a better chance at seeing them. On your right side, I see an animal called the okapi. Looks like there's two of them right there. Now, even though the okopy looks like it's wearing zebra pants, they're the closest relative to the giraffe. Look at their head shape, their body shape. Just picture a longer neck, and you can see the vision. Now, both okopy and the giraffe have a dark purple tongue, most likely to help protect the tongue from the sun while they're eating. Now, okopy are also pretty good at hiding historically. They're also known as the ghost of the forest. That's because the western world didn't know they existed until 1901. So, the people that lived there were like, "Hey, this animal exists." And the people that weren't from there were like, "We don't believe you. We haven't seen it." And in 1901, they said, "Never mind. We saw it. We believe you now." And we want to keep looking in these plants and on these rock walls just in case there's anything blending in. I do see on your right side up there what looks like a black, white, and orange bird hanging out up in that nest. That is called a saddlebuilt stork. Now, their wingspan is about the width of the canopy above you, which is about 9 ft. So, it's a pretty impressive wingspan. And they don't vocalize. So, if they want to communicate, they will rattle their bills together and make noise that way. Also on your right, farther back there, there's some antelopes called bongos. Those copper colored antelopes. Now, bongo's horns tilt back like that so they don't get tangled in the underbrush when they're moving through the bushes. A lot of the animals in the Aturi forest have stripes on their sides, help them blend in with the surrounding trees. And I see an animal blending in on your left. You see that light tan antelope in between those bushes there to your left? That is a greater kudu. They're kind of like the deer of Africa. They're pretty common the same way we think of deer being common. Uh so they're one of the animals out here that is not endangered. So very happy for the greater kudu there. Now it looks like these trees are opening up which means that we are leaving the forest. We're getting closer to the Safy River. So, now we want to look for any aquatic wildlife or animals that might enjoy a watering hold. On the right here, I see some pink back pelicans. Now, they do get their name for the pink coloring on their backs. And there's also a hippo up on land on your right there. Now, that just lets us know that there are hippos in the area. So, we want to keep an eye out as we move forward as well. And there you can see lots of pelicans still. It is pretty cool to see a hippo on land. They will spend most of their time submerged in the water. So, as we keep looking, remember to look in the water. They like to hide underneath a lot. It's going to protect them from the sun and they can hold their breath underwater for up to several minutes at a time. In fact, I do see some hippos moving through the water on our left here. Now, when you see a hippo moving through the water, they're not usually swimming. They're not great at swimming. They're walking along the bottom. In fact, hippopotamus roughly translates to water horse. So, it's a big part of how they get their name. So, here you can see a hippo on your left side moving through the water there. Remember to stay all the way seated. Please group of hippos is called a bloat. Despite their big powerful jaws, they do eat vegetation. Their jaws have another purpose which is to show dominance. Whoever can open their mouth the widest, they get to be in charge. Ever played Hungry Hungry at Bowie Cow? Looks like that. Speaking of big, powerful jaws, I see some Nile crocodiles. There's one in the water there for us to see. You can see it as we cross this bridge here. Also like hanging out near shore or on the shore a lot because they enjoy sunbathing. They have extra plating on their backs, sorts like armor, tools like solar panels helping them to absorb sunlight to stay nice and warm, which is great because they're cold blooded. So, they're relying on outside sources of heat. They do not like the cold very much. That's why you'll see them sunbathing so often. It gives them more control over their body temperature. So, next time you're at the beach laying in the sun, you can feel like a crocodile. Now, it looks like our terrain is changing again. While in the river, those animals rely on water all the time. In the West Savannah, these animals have to deal with a rainy season and a dry season. So during that dry season, they got to figure out how to find water, retain water, regulate their temperature. The West Savannah is also pretty large and flat for the most part. So that means you might see a few different animals all at the same time. You might see them spread out or even way off in the distance. So, I'm going to talk about an animal whenever we get closer to one so you can see it better. Uh, but feel free to look around yourself. You got those animal spotting guides above you. If you don't want to wait to know what you're looking at, you can play a little eye spy. Already see quite a few animals off in the distance there for us to look forward to. Sounds like some of you are real good at ice spy back there. over there. Another one. As we move forward, it looks like closest to us right now or on your right, there's some Ankoli cattle. Now, it looks like most of those Ankoli cattle are young adults. Their horns aren't all the way grown in. They'll get about three times the size of that. In fact, there's a fully grown one right in the middle there. If you see those really big horns, that's the full grown adult. Now, their horns are not as heavy as they look. They're actually honeycombed on the inside, which allows for extra blood circulation to keep them nice and cool when it's hot out. So, those great big horns are practically hollow. Both the male and female ankoli cattle have those horns cuz they both got to cool down. And they're a domesticated animal. All the other animals we've seen have been wild animals. They were domesticated by the Watusi people. So, they are also known as Watusi cattle. They get two different names. Now, ahead of us here, we have some zebras coming up. A group of zebras is called a dazzle. So, next time you see someone in zebra print, you can tell them they look dazzling. And their stripes are not just to look cool. It makes it harder for predators to catch them. The pattern confuses the predator as a zebra runs away. So, it's kind of like chasing an optical illusion. It doesn't make things easy for them. Now, as we get closer to these zebras, try and look at their throats. They have some saggy skin on their throats called a dlap. That is for temperature regulation and that's how we know that these are Hartman's mountain zebras. Other types of zebras do not have a dulap. Now on your left side we have wild the beast. Those gray animals with the lovely wild the beast means wild beast and africons and they travel in herds up to 10 to 1,000. So they can get into really large groups. Now farther back on your left are some brown antelopes with arching back horns. Sable antelopes are the symbol of the Harambe Wildlife Reserve. They're the only antelopes that will fight back against predators. And we're fighting to protect all of these animals. So, it's a really good symbol for us. Now, we are also passing by these termite mounds, these really big structures here. Termites will make these out of dirt, saliva, and dung. Home sweet home. And they can be as hard as concrete. In fact, sometimes rhinos will use them to sharpen or file down their horns, which are made out of keratin, like your fingernails or hair. So, when they do that, it's kind of just like filing down a fingernail. It's not going to hurt the rhino at all. They just get to be their nail tech. On your right, we have a better look at those Ankoli cattle we were talking about. In fact, you can see that adult ankoli cattle right in the middle on our right side there. You can see just how big those horns will get. And they're a part of the boine family. That is the same family that cows are in. Now, it looks like there's a few more termite bounds up here. I also see that we're getting closer to some Messiah giraffes ahead of us. A group of giraffes is called a tower. And we can tell that these are Messiah giraffes because their brown spots have jagged edges. On a reticulated giraffe, those spots would have more rounded edges. Now, keep an eye out for the dark purple tongue that giraffes share with okopy cuz on a giraffe that tongue can be the length of an adult human's forearm. Kind of a crazy long tongue there. The little horns on their heads are called oicos. Now, giraffes only sleep for a total of about 30 minutes a day spread out throughout the day. They do not sleep very much. There's a lot of uh power naps over there. On the right here, we have some more wild the beast. There's also some really tiny antelopes called Springbach. They only get 2 and 1/2 ft tall. Now, Springbach can jump 13 ft up into the air and 13 ft out, which means if they wanted to, they could hop through one of these windows and out the other side. Thankfully, they haven't wanted to yet, but you never know. Got more giraffes on your right, including a baby giraffe that is laying down. Now, it's pretty rare for humans to see a giraffe laying down in the wild. Remember, we said they don't sleep a lot, just a lot of power naps. And when they take those power naps, they're usually going to be standing. They don't want to expose themselves to unnecessary danger. So, very cool to see a giraffe laying down. Now, there are only 30,000 Messiah giraffes that are left. They're going through something known as a silent extinction. That's just when people aren't super aware that an animal's endangered. So, a really easy way that we can help out with that is by raising awareness, letting people know, hey, giraffes need some help out there. There's a lot of different ways we can help out with conservation, but sometimes it's as easy as a conversation. Talking can really help out these animals a lot. Here you can see another giraffe. Look for that dark purple tongue. I think I saw it for a second. I see an African elephant. I see two African elephants. So, there's one to our right there, easy to see. There's, excuse me, also one farther back that we should be able to see from a few different angles. So, just keep an eye out for that one. They have those magnificent ears. Now, African elephants do have larger ears than Asian elephants. Some people also like to say their ears are shaped like the continent of Africa. That's more of an opinion than a fact, but it's a really fun coincidence. On your left are some monkeys moving around. Now, this is a mandrel. It is the largest type of monkey. And Rafiki from the Lion King is based off a mandrel. And it looks like we should be able to see one of those elephants again as I move forward. Now, speaking about their ears, when you see an elephant flapping their ears, they're not trying to fly away like Dumbo. They're trying to help cool down. They have blood vessels behind their ears that are going to help with that. And then another way they will try to cool down is by throwing dirt and sand on their backs to create a barrier between their skin and the sun. Kind of like how we use sunscreen or wear certain clothing to protect ourselves from the sun. All of these animals, they have traits. They've evolved slowly over time to help them with their surroundings. And that gives them a lot of great uh characteristics, a lot of great abilities, but they can't do everything. And they also can't go to the store and get whatever they need the way humans can, right? So, they have to figure out other solutions. And it's really cool to see what animals come up with. They come up with very creative solutions like the dirt and sand on the bags. A lot of those solutions do have to do with temperature regulation or protection from the sun. That'd be pretty popular with me, too, if I was outside all the time. Up ahead here, I'm seeing some red clay. So, try and look in the red clay on either side of you. See if you can find any markings or long gashes in the clay. I do apologize for that slightly sudden stop there. We just have a truck that stopped ahead of us. So, we're going to stop, too. So, it sounds like uh there is an animal in the ride path up ahead. So, we're just going to wait for that animal again. They'll usually either get out of the way on their own or we have animal programmers that will try and tempt them out of the way with a yummy snack. So, we're just going to hang tight here. Hot. Oh my god. Now, the reason that we want to keep an eye on the red clay for any markings is that we might be able to find some that look like long gashes. And those would be from the tusks of elephants, like the elephants we just saw, right? So, elephants will use their tusks to dig into the clay and get some extra nutrients, much like a multivitamin or vitamin gummy you might take in the morning. So that is how elephants will supplement their diets. Another one of those creative solutions we were talking about. They can't. What is their nose? Now, those elephants tusks, they come in handy not only for the elephant but for the animals around them. Uh do you remember seeing um right before we entered the west savannah? There was a very large tree and it kind of looked upside down. Did you see that tree? You might have seen them around Africa here. Those are baabob trees and they're also known as the tree of life. That is because during the rainy season, lots of water will get collected in the trunk of those trees. And then during the dry season, we talked about animals are able to access the water that is already inside of the trees after elephants, but holes in the trees with their tusks. So that's how those tusks help out not only elephants, but all the animals around them. Unfortunately, their tusks are also often what elephants are poached for. ivory is considered quite valuable. So we want to do everything we can to help put a stop to that poaching. Now, elephants are also uh matriarchal, which means that they're led by the oldest and wisest female. So, she's going to remember where all their best food must be an animal. You may have heard that an elephant never forgets. That's because they do have excellent memory. And they also eat a lot. They will eat up to hundreds of pounds of food a day. They definitely want to remember all that food is. And elephants do have pretty long lifespans, ranging between 40 to 80 years. Some of those numbers are of course uh kind of skewed by things like poaching unfortunately, but um they do have naturally pretty long lifespans and that paired with their good memory and their high emotional intelligence means that they form longlasting relationships with each other. So that's another reason that matriarch is so important to them. They have that really wonderful um high intelligence. Some of you, I'm sure, have seen videos of elephants painting before. A few of you probably have seen that. They can board each other. They understand humor. They can play pranks. So, elephants are really cool animals. Like what? You know, like elephants. Now, it sounds like while they're still waiting for those animals, those animals are beginning to move. They also have the animal programmers up there. So, we should be back on the move in just a few moments here. So, thank you guys again so much for your patience there. Thank you. Now, with any animal that has a very high intelligence and we kind of find out can do a lot of cool stuff, sometimes they end up um being used for entertainment purposes, right? So, historically we're familiar with the circus. You know, a long time ago having elephants in the circus cuz they figured out they were smart enough to learn all these tricks. But over time we learn a little bit more and we find out that that's not necessarily good for the elephant, right? That can harm the elephant. And so now one of the things that we want to do is try and get those elephants out of services so they can be rehabilitated on reserves like this one. Of course, we can still enjoy what ele them uh do their intelligence, but it's just that they're forced to do any of those tricks, right? All right. talked about those tus digging into the clay there. I see some on both sides there. So, yeah, there's a few different ways that we can help out those elephants as well as all these animals. Uh if you ever want uh a really cool uplose experience and you're kind of trying to figure out uh how to do that, um there's a few other tours that are offered on this same reserve. Did you see those rope bridges that were over the crocodiles? You can go on those. So, there's a few different tours if you check out the booth that's outside the entrance to this ride. Um, they have a few different options. One is a threehour tour called the Wild Africa Trek. That includes going over those rope bridges there. Um, but they have some other ones that are a little bit more tame and not as long as three hours. So, one of those is uh the Caring for Giants tour, which is focusing on the elephants. So, if you ever want to get kind of up close and look at some elephants, that's a really great way to do that. Um, there's also the up close with rhinos tour. Same kind of idea, but with the rhinos. Yeah. And then they have um one where you just kind of hang out on the savannah. So, they have a few different tours there. Those are all scheduled ahead of time and do have an additional cost to them. But if um something like being close to these animals, seeing them a little longer is something that you're really interested in, it's a really cool, unique experience that I definitely recommend. And we are just inching forward here. I'm starting to see some more baobob trees. Those trees we were talking about earlier that hold the water. You can see those very large trees that look upside down there. Whole bunch of them over here. Did I tell y'all about the follow bracelets yet? Do you know about those? So, I also recommend if you want to keep track of some um endangered animals and, you know, really uh be aware of where they are in the world, um there is a brand called Follow Bracelets. It's F A H L O. Um, and they allow you to, you buy a bracelet, or you don't have to buy the bracelet if you don't want to, but it allows you to track an endangered animal. They'll assign one to you. They'll tell you its name, and you can see wherever it is in one of those. I have a dolphin. I got a lot of baobob trees down here. rush hour on I4. That one I think that's regular. Yeah. Yeah. It sounds like uh some of those animals are just having the zooies right now kind of getting in and out of the road. That's funny. Uh it's really nice weather out today and the animals really like that and sometimes that means the animals get kind of active and move around. It means that we might get to see those animals being active though, which is nice. Well, there's a a tour out here. You would think the elephants would be out there. There's people. That's a tour you can do extra cost. That's where we got you to see Coral when she came out for the first time. Try to keep your stuff inside the truck so you don't drop it. Me, too. Does anybody have any favorite animals they've seen today or that they want to see today? Yeah. You want to see a lion? Okay. I want to see him, too. Let's see what we can do. Lions sleep a lot. That's what someone says. Yeah. You want to see a dragon? A dragon? I want to see a dragon, too. Epic. Yeah. You saw a dragon? I don't think we have any dragons in Africa. You might see something. You might see a dragon in Asia. If you go over to Asia later, Komodo dragon. Gorillas. We have gorillas in Africa. Where? Well, I haven't seen any on the reserve, but I've seen some on the Gorilla Falls trail. They have a lot of gorillas on there. Sometimes tigers are in Asia. Tigers are in Africa, but there are tigers over in Asia if you go look for those dragons later. Oh, really? Oh, yeah. I've had it stop but it not forg this long. Yeah, we and and I was near the animal so I knew what was holding us up. Like one time I can tell you one tiger fact though. Does anyone here have a cat at home? Yeah, I think it was. Yeah. And you have a dog. Okay. Well, this is a cat fact. I know. And so with cats, did you know that the average house cat shares about I think it's 98% DNA with tigers? It doesn't seem like it sometimes, does it? Hi. Pop the like button, guys. Oh, I see an elephant coming. Another cool thing about tigers is that you know how they're orange with the stripes? I see an elephant. So, that's what they look like to them with the colors that humans see. But with a lot of uh animals that are in the environment that tigers are, that orange color looks green to them. So they look green with black stripes to the other animals, which helps those tigers blend in really well. The trees around them. You see an elephant? Oh, you're right. In fact, that's a baby elephant back there. Do you see how she looks kind of small? She's so cute. Well, it is still big. Baby elephants are still pretty big next to us. Yay. You got to see her. Remember we said they live a long time. She looks like she's maybe around two years old. So, she's got a long way to go before she's a matriarch. Oh, you see an adult elephant over there, too. You can see the dirt and sand on the back. I don't think they can move anymore. They're stuck. So, the dirt and sand on the back is to keep them cool. It protects them from the sun. Yeah. Like how you wear sunscreen. We're moving forward a little bit. Hopefully that might help us. Oh, we are going to go in the water when we move forward. Cuz it's there. You don't want me to stop for the water, do you? I bet we can make it. We'll drop in the water. Yeah, we'll go in the water when there's not also a truck in the water. I want to go swimming. I I don't know if you want to go swimming. My pool. Oh, with a pool in a hotel. Yeah, that's pro. That's probably a little nicer. There's a house with a pool. That sounds nice. Oh, so see some see some animals and then go swimming. That's a pretty good day. Sorry guys, there is a jam. Some kind of animal in the road. But we've been on a long safari today. It's going to be a three-hour tour. Sometimes the elephants will go and they'll swim in this water here. And it looks just like you swimming in the pool. Well, they're not doing it right now. It's a little cool today. Yeah, it'll drink it, too. Dual purpose. Do you drink the pool water? No. Probably shouldn't. You get a tummy ache. It's gross. You can eat salad. Are you making a go plan for if we're stuck here forever? Elephants eat vegetation. They eat a lot a lot of food. And so they're Yeah. Like they might eat grass. They'll eat hay. They'll eat fruits and veggies on the floor. Well, they'll pick it up with their trunk. Do they eat lettuce? They eat lettuce. Yeah, they can eat lettuce for sure, Jennifer. Yeah, they can eat carrots. Sometimes uh these animal when it's like their birthday or a special occasion, they'll give them uh really yummy food. So, they'll give them like watermelons or big fruit, grapes maybe. I don't think they I don't think they give them grapes. I think that'd be kind of take a long time for them to pick the grapes off the vine. Right. You see a bunny. We are not animals are having They're having a heyday. Yeah, they are. Bunny, I can't hear you say it. Do elephants eat rabbits? No. Nah, I don't think they want rabbits. They prefer veggies and fruits. That's right. And hey, yeah, great. For sure, John. Oh, you see the baby one? Well, I see some movement. So, remember, we got to stay seated. And I see that baby elephant. Maybe we can see her as we pull forward. Now, you weren't wrong when you said she was big because while she looks tiny next to the other elephant, she'd be really big next to one of us. Remember those big ankoli cattle we saw? She'd be bigger than them if she was right next to us. I can't see her. That's cuz she's you telling her to get back here. Why are you going into the other people's homes telling them what to do? You can see her climbing up on some dirt there. It makes her a little easier to see. And we do have some flamingos on the left here. So that's actually a really good observation. So these aren't as pink as some other flamingos. These are greater flamingos. Usually people are thinking of lesser flamingos or Caribbean flamingos. But all flamingos start out gray in color. They get their pink color slowly over time from the shrimp that they eat as well as other organisms that are in the water. It can take about 2 years for their pink color to come in. The group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. You can see that elephant again on the left. She got up on the dirt. She wanted to be tall like the other elephant. Now, as we make our way into the much more dense east savannah, I don't see any animals right away, but I see some mud to our left where animals would like to roll around in like the hippos staying in the water or the elephants with the dirt and sand or like pigs. Yes, pigs would do that, too. Yeah, they do like mud. So, that's going to help them cool down. Now, we also want to keep an eye out for any animals that might enjoy camouflage. Okay? So, when you're looking for an animal that's blending in, it's easier if you look for movement rather than the animal itself. So, swishing tails, twitching ears, walking around if we're really lucky. And I do see some cheetahs coming up on our left. Can you see her laying down? Luckily, it's not too sunny or shadowy out, so you can see her because it's a little overcast. right in the middle there. So there's a cheetah. Cheetah. Cheetahs can run up to 60 miles per hour, but not for very long. They're built for speed, not distance. So they can run about the length of two football fields, and then they'll slow down. Keep an eye out for any more as well. I think I see some up ahead on the left. Two of them. Those rare double shoes. Face in the front. Yeah, we got stuck for quite a while actually. We're moving now. So, we said those cheetahs can run up to 60 miles hour. They can reach that top speed of 60 mph in under 3 seconds. 0 to 60 in 3 seconds is as fast as some roller coasters taking off. So, they're very faster. They're the fastest land animal. Sonic the hedgehog is faster. We'll have to We'll have to time that. Now, on the left, I see some lions. I know that we had someone that wanted to see some lions back there. There they are. Now, remember, we said they're very sleepy. There you can see them being very sleepy. They'll sleep up to 20 hours a day, so almost the full 24. Yawning and roaring is also contagious for lions. Just like how if we see someone yawn, it makes us want to yawn. And on your right, we have some southern white rhinos. Group of rhinos is called a crasher. You can see those lions. Now, female lions will do the hunting while male lions stay at home and take care of the kids. Looks like they're all awake. Although that male is really fighting that sleep there. Now the way to say lion and swuahili is Simba. The way to say king and swuahili is Mufasa. So the way to say lion king and swuahili is simba mufasa. They worked really hard at the studio that day. What are we going to name these? Mufasa. On the left I see some warthogs. Warthogs have two sets of tusks. One is for digging and one is for fighting. They use their digging tus to make burrows and then climb into those burrows with their tusks sticking out as a warning to other animals. Then ahead of us here on the right, we have another type of antelope called a water buck. They have that shaggy fur and those heart-shaped noses. And then we have those rhinos. Now, the water bucks decided a long time ago they didn't want to have to run from predators. They were just going to be very inconvenient to catch. So, their fur secretes an oil that makes it water resistant, and they'll hop into nearby lakes and rivers and just wait for predators to go away. Yeah, they know that the predators don't want to get wet. On the right, I see some really large eggs on the ground. Those big eggs are ostrich eggs. They're very large and also very strong. A human could stand on them and they would not break. So, they can withstand a lot of weight and pressure to help protect the egg. Now, ostriches can run up to 40 mph. So, not quite as fast as those cheetahs. Still very fast. They're the fastest animal on two legs. Now, welcome to Magatti Glenn. I see the warden in southpost, which means we are almost back to the village. I promise. And then I also see some Nigerian dwarf goats holding down the fort. Now, they are ruminants, which means that their stomach has four sections. So, they're going to use the extra sections to digest food other animals cannot. It makes them a great choice for farmers, a little easier to feed. They also produce a nice sweet milk that is rich in nutrients or they can be turned into butter or cheese to sell. Now, if you're a fan of the goats, I recommend checking out Rafiki's Planet Watch. You'll take a short 5-minute train ride over to that separate area. They have a few activities over there, including a petting zoo where you can go pet some goats as well as some other domesticated animals. Uh, and then if you want to see some more African wildlife, including those gorillas, I recommend the Gorilla Falls Exploration Trail, that's about a 20 minute fully accessible trail. Uh, so you can take strollers and wheelchairs in there. And they have gorillas, hippos, zebras, naked rats, if you like Kim Possible, and lots of other really cool animals. Now, I do want to let you know that this time of year that sun goes down earlier, right? So, these live animal attractions close earlier. They close around 4:30 to 4:45. all live animal attractions. So, keep that in mind as you plan the rest of your day. I also know that our adventure was a little longer than we meant it to be. So, if you are looking for any uh food, water, and bathrooms, those are all going to be back down in the village where the front of this ride was uh at the closest just so you're not wasting your time looking for stuff up here. Uh if I have any wilderness explorers on board, you've been on board the Simba One. That is the Simba One. That's on page 14 of your guide book in those little boxes there. And again, my name is Ashton from Tampa, Florida. If you do want to learn more, you can go to Disney Plus and check out The Magic of Animal Kingdom. It's a really good show where you can go to disneyan animals.com. Both of those are really wonderful resources for learning more about these animals, as well as some of their backgrounds, personalities, how we take care of them. Uh, but there are still plenty of ways that y'all can see and learn about animals today. And I hope that you do. Here we don't like say goodbye. That's too sad. We say aqaharini which means go well. So go well, do wild. Drink lots of water out there. If you have any questions or comments, you're welcome to come up to my window and say hi. I'd love to talk to you. And I hope you have lots of fun out there today on your right. Watch his hands, arms, feet, and legs. Doors are opening. And watch your step. First one's a doozy party, guys. See you later. I know. My legs don't want to work. We've been on for so long. Oh, we got to see some good animals. That was fun. Yes. Yay. Jesse and Julian got to see Kora. And you guys got to see Kora. She's so cute. Hi, Ryan. How are you? Welcome in. And free back adjustment. And And what? Free back adjustment. Thanks, too. This is so true. Back neck adjustment. Yep. I don't know. Is that a better chiropractor than uh Space Mountain? Uh maybe. I don't know. Space Mountain likes to put my neck out of place. Yeah. Okay. So, the Gorilla Falls is right here if we want to do that. And then I'm going to need a bathroom cuz that safari was very long. Can we make it through the Gorilla Falls? Probably. Yeah, I think so, too. Okay, let's do it because it does close early. Welcome in, guys. If you're just joining, thanks for,200 people. I almost said $1,200. 1,200 people in the chat. We appreciate you guys all being here. My brain is not working today. I already messed up like all the things. Welcome. Thank you. I don't want to do that. I don't even remember all the things I said, but you know, I have them written down. Okay, Jesse's got them. We're good. Right before the stream, I said, "Well, I'm just going to hold the camera. You guys can talk for me." But, uh, we'll see how it goes. There we go. There we go. I'll just Yep. Sounds good. I wonder why everybody's leaving. Is it something we said? I know. Oh, it's the exit of the safari for um wheelchairs, I think. I know. True, Tim. True. All right. Um, we have a Samsung S21, I believe. I always forget what Samsung this is. I don't even remember what iPhone I have. No, I that's a lie. I do know. It's a 16, I believe. The one right below the newest. Let's go see the old copies. Hey, Hersel and Marty. Smells like paint. They must be fixing something. There she is. See if I can see her. Nope. Over there's better. She's kind of hiding back there. There she is. Oh, Ryan, definitely go back and watch all of our treasure videos. That'll help you out if you're going to be heading on the treasure soon. Check them out. It's amazing. You're going to love it. Oh, the squirrels are crazy around here. Hearts. Okay, hopefully the gorillas will be out. Those are always so fun to see. Pop the like. Subscribe if you're new, everybody. Thanks for joining the stream today. We have a Christmas treat that we're going to try later. We already saw it. I heard good things about it and I'm excited. Christmas tree that we're going to try. We're going to try a Christmas tree. Yeah. I mean, if it's taste if it's um cake form, I'm all for it. Little piny. Sticky. Maybe a little sticky. Little pokey. Sticky pokey. That's my new last name. Little pokey. That's funny. Sounds good, Mr. Master. Hope you have fun. Oh, hi. Thank you so much. You're welcome. This door swings back pretty hard. Thank you. Little traffic jam in here. We're going to just head through cuz we do lag in here a little bit. Thank you. All right, watch your heads. We're in the bird sanctuary. Bird. Bird. Bird. birds a word. Hi Teresa. When is the least crowded time? Um, that is a great question. Yes, early in the morning, maybe really late at night, but other than that, it's there really isn't a slow period anymore. There might be slower periods, but not slow. I will say Thanksgiving week was pretty slow, except for Thanksgiving. Was it Thanksgiving? Hey, Spider Bro. That is awesome. That doesn't happen very often. All right, guys. I'm going to show you. I don't know if you know about this. The hidden Mickey rock. Oh, yeah. Right there. Isn't that fun? Little tidbit there for you. Yeah. Love when you swap to the Mickey's. Oh, there it is. Sorry. Awesome. I hope you have fun. Yeah, it's pretty busy. It's Christmas time. Oh, Mark Disney. That's exciting. All right. I want a hippopotamus for Christmas. Only a hippopotamus will do. We're going to go see if we can find us a hippopotamus for Christmas. Oh, I see them. They're out. Oh my goodness. Oh, she's about to leave. Don't go. She's on land. Come back. There she goes. Is there one down here? Well, Yep. Well, at least we got to see the tail end. Sorry. I know. It's a great song, isn't it? When Hippo was hairy. It's a whole story about Hippo being hairy. I don't know what it's about, but that was just a story over there. Hi, Jackie. I'm sorry, just Jack. Hey, Jack. Just Jack. See if the Timones are out. The Mircats. There must be something out cuz there's a group of people up here. A gaggle of people. Flamboyans. A flamboyance of people. Oh, it's zebras. Cool. Lots of zebras hanging out in the sun. Oh, that's so funny. Me, I love that. Cool, Ryan. Uh, T-Ird, I will be at the Christmas party on Sunday. I cannot wait. I'm so excited. Sunday. Sunday. Sunday. The Tim Moans. Tim, you're funny. Look, there's a bunny right there. Yeah. Under the rock. A little tiny bunny. She's like, I'll take the the uh big Timone spot for now. Mircats. Yeah, it is kind of a big bunny. And there are the zebras. There's quite a few out. All right, let's go see if we see some gorillas. Thanks, T-Ird. I'm excited, too. I think I already said that, but I'm excited. Oh, I see at least one. It's okay. Go ahead. Hi. I don't want to get in your way. No, you're fine. Oh, they're up here on the hill. So cute. Can't tell if that's the baby up there. Looks like it. The last time Sharon and I were here, the baby decided to climb this tree and he was way up high by the time we got around the corner. It was so funny. Yeah, Brad, I did hear that about zebras. A I wonder if they put little They look like Kong toys for dogs. Well, that would be fitting. Yeah, that's true. King Kong toys. Yep. When we saw the gorilla pick his nose, yes, we were streaming. I think it was down here. The gorilla was like, I'm just going to pick my nose. It is a baby. All right. Bye-bye. Now, let's go see if the males are out on the other side. Oh, I love I don't know. Me, too. What kind of scientific equipment? We can't tell you. It's the best equipment ever. But it's just scientific. You wouldn't understand, right? Exactly. Hi Lori, how are you? I don't know. Mega Brian, that's a great question. They probably have soundproof housing that they put them in in the evening time. So, I bet they don't hear the fireworks cuz they'd probably be pretty sensitive to it, just like dogs are, but I could be wrong. I can hear the fireworks from my house, but I don't have a soundproof house. So, Yep. There must be a gorilla up ahead. Yeah. Oh, yeah. There are several. Holy moly. Look at all these gorillas. Do you ever watch all Disney Plus? No, but I should start. Uhhuh. It really is. They're just a chilling. They're resting. Look right here. Look at there on that rock. You see them over there? They look a little bored. I feel bored, too. I just went out there. I know. Oh, play the sand. That one's like, "What you doing over there, people?" Oh, that one's pulling on the tree. Oh, yeah. He is. He decided he was going to break that off. He's like, "May I help you?" I know. What are you guys doing? Oh, that one just crossed his arm. Oh, I thought he did. Maybe he didn't. Yes. Oh, cleaning his armpits. Okay. Well, you know, got to do that somehow. I guess that's not really my chosen wave. No, same. Same. No, no judgment. Uhuh. Oh, there's the big papa. I think that's the biggest one. The leader of the group. Yes, Magical Night of Hope is this weekend. For Give Kids a World. Yep. And we'll be streaming it right here on our channel. It'll be on Corey's channel as well. I think Steve's from Steve World. See all. So, join us for magical night of hope. Oh my goodness gracious. Good. Good eye, Julian. Oh my goodness. He's so cute. Does your leg taste good, buddy? Make sure those legs are clean. Mhm. Like a little Kit Kat cleaning. clean his little leg off. So bouncy. Look at Look at his little feet. Oh, his little toes. That's so cute. Sometimes I'm that hungry, too. Yeah. Can you eat an arm and leg? A so cute. Trying to take a picture. I know. It's too bouncy. Now he's doing some stretches and Dale and I So Josh will be performing with Corey. Um, and Corey will be singing. Josh will be playing a saxophone. Yee-ha Bob will be there. Um, a lot of other performers as well. Oh, he's got a boo boo. Do you see that? Oh, he's pointing to it like somebody help. Do you have a boo boo, little buddy? Oh my goodness. That's so cute. Do you have an ouchie? Oh, he's really concerned about it. I didn't bring any. I know. I didn't bring any neosporin. I'm sorry. Either that or he chews it too much. The hair came off like Chloe does with her paw sometimes. Didn't look like it was an injury or anything. Yeah. Just looks like lost some fur. Hi, Gail. I am an animal lover. I love all the animals. They're so cute. But yes, Josh and Corey will be performing. Dale and I will be at the um the desk telling you about all the auction items that are going to be auctioned off. Again, all the proceeds go to give kids a world. You can just donate if you want to give kids a world. You can buy some auction items or bid bid on them or uh buy a ticket to go as well. Lot of lot of different ways that you can support Give Kids a World. But yes, that will be on Saturday. Yeah, she can get very um Oh, that's awesome, Katie. A thanks, Lucky fan. Um the big worry right now with purpose, especially that they need a male already. A Lori. Yep. All the animals do that sometimes, don't they? Comfortable putting a male in with that makes that suction level smaller. Um, and then that's where both moms and then the oldest of the kids technically belong to others. Um, so they also get what happens. I'm glad you spotted the baby. Good. Good eye. The baby was so cute. Here's another one. Is this the baby still? Oh, this is the baby. Just a better spot. No. Hi little guy. Oh, there's one right here too. Actually think it's a girl. Same one, isn't it? Yeahoo. Yep. The one with the boo boo. And there's one right there, too. But you get a little better view here without a bouncy bridge. Fingert I think they're I think it's a girl. I could be wrong. Oh, still concerned about that little foot or lake, I guess. I'm like, man, it got chilly. Well, there's a fan behind us. Yeah. Oh, that way. Uhhuh. You're ready for New Year's Eve? Yeah, New Year's Eve is always so much fun. We'll be live on New Year's Eve Eve and New Year's Eve. So, join in for all the festivities and all the fun. Oh, did you see him? He went he like he went It was so cute. Oh my gosh. Yes, you got it. Oh, look at Julian's picture. Can I show it as I fall over? Oh, hang on. Let me unzoom. That is so cute. Good catch. Oh, I got him. Y got yawning, too. So cute. I wonder too t-ird. I mean they keep good eye Oh leave. She's like mama's leaving. I better go. It was cute how she was like pointing at it though. It was almost like look I got a boo boo. And she tilt her head back like somebody. Yeah, I know. It was almost like come see it. Got a boo boo here. A, she's so cute. I just want to hold her and hug her. Give her big hugs. All right, guys. We will head out of here. On to the next spot. He was so funny. The one? Yeah, the one where she Yeah. Are you serious? And she moved her head back like a I got it on video, too. Yeah. It was really cute. Of course. When I stopped taking video, I know you moved on to the other one. Yep. Oh, 100%. Yeah. She's like, "Wow, this thing hurts." Yeah, I did kind of look like that. A poor little baby. All right, let's head into Harambe. Man, it's quiet back here. It was a gorilla baby. Yep. The females are one side, the the males are on the other, except for the one male who just passed away. He used to be in with the the females cuz he was the dad. But he recently passed away. What was it? His name Gino, I think. Sounds familiar. I don't know. Help me out, guys. What was the gorilla's name? The dad Oh, of the group. Hey, Plymouth Rock. How are you? Yeah, we're checking out the animals in Animal Kingdom today. Thanks for joining in. I was right, Gino. I thought that sounded right. At least that's what somebody Yeah, they're saying in the chat. Gino. Gino. Awesome. I got it. Yay. Gino the gorilla. Yeah, I was so sad. He lived a nice long life. Hi, Patrick. How are you today? Almost have 1,200 in the chat. Welcome in. Hit that subscribe button if you're new, everybody. Join the resort hopper family. Bop the like button as well. So, I know there's a restroom up here by the shop. Do we want to take turns? I'll go in the shop, wait on you guys, and we can flip-flop. Sound like a plan. Hello, DVC Scott. They have some good treats in this shop, too. We'll have to see what kind they have. We're almost to 500 likes. Keep bopping bopping the like button. It's almost sweatshirt time. It's like right on the verge. I'm like, "Okay, I'm chilly and then I'm fine." And then I'm chilly. It's one of those days. Yeah. Start walking away from those fans. Yeah. They were very cold. All right. It's just around the corner that way. Just around. Just around the river. Exactly. The corner bend. It's a busy day here at Animal Kingdom, even though the safari was a walk on. I bet it's not now, though. No, still says 10 minutes. Okay. I thought maybe it would get a lot longer after the um after our hold up in there. It's just right over there. Which store are you going to? Uh right here. Okay. Yep. All right, guys. We're going to do some shopping and then take turns in the restroom after that long safari. He's so cute. Look at him. All the little baby animals in their little blankets. We've got Kora here and a baby giraffe and a a rhino. Uh, the tiger. I've seen some video of the tiger. He looks good. He's growing up so big. So much bigger than the elephant right now, which is kind of crazy. These are $49.99. Handmade. Um, but I would love to go see him. However, I we'll go, but I don't think he's going to be out anymore. Usually they take him back inside. Such a cute dress. But we'll go over and check. Do like this shirt, too. And this one. 34.99. Not bad. See what else we can find. A matana mug. $16.99. And then you've got your thermos here. $34.99. know about a hog and a bear cat for the names. Like that would be like I didn't even know what to do. Sorry, D's texting me. Look at the elephant backpack. This little giraffe. Oh my goodness. Look at her. So cute. Got your Animal Kingdom backpacks. This is a cute tank top. What's a motto with you? That is really cute. I might need that. I need I always need more Animal Kingdom tank tops. $31.99 for that. Hey, Noah, how are you? Thank you for adding more like. Appreciate that. Got all the Simbas over here. Simba ones. This is a nice long sleeve. One true king, it says. And then um the safari guide was telling us about these bracelets. You can uh buy a bracelet and then track an animal. And I've got a dolphin. It's really fun. It shows you exactly where the animal is. It names the animal. The animal has a tracker on it. So we've got penguins, polar bears, sharks, turtles. Here's the dolphins. and manatees. Kind of want a giraffe, but I don't see a giraffe. Oh, maybe on this side we've got gorilla. Here's a giraffe. Yeah. Oh, fun, elephant, sloth, tiger, and a wolf. That is so cool. They're $19.99 and you can use your annual pass discount which is really fun. Oh, look at this little turtle necklace. That's pretty. We're showing them the bracelets that the safari guy was talking about. Do you have one of these, right? I was I did not get one yet, but that's the one I want. I I have a dolphin and I'm like the next one would be that one if I got another one. But they're so fun. They also have sloth, which I don't think would move very much, but um and the manatee would be fun to get. They have more on this side. Shark, turtle. Yep. And they're only $19.99 and you can use your discount. Super fun. All right, guys. Get to shop with Jesse and Julian. I'll be right back. I pretty much showed them everything in here. If you want to go to the next room, that would be great. Okay. All right, guys. The amateur is back. Are the bracelets available online? You got a draft? Probably. Let me see. I think there's a QR code on the back that you could scan or something. There's an app, I think. Is there a website? I think there is. It's an app or a website. Um, uh, we're checking. They have them kind of They have the little safety. It looks like it's Is it a QR code? It says tear to meet your animal. So yeah, I think there's a QR code like inside of the Oh, gotcha. When you open it. So I mean I guess you can try to maybe look at see if there's a follow.com. I think they have a few options. There might again like I said there might be an app. I'm not sure. Yeah. Uh, I think if you just do follow.com, it should come up. It's hard cuz they have the security um tabs on it, so we can't pull them off. Oh, there is. All right. What do we got over here? This is cute. Hello. I'm doing well, Catalina. How are you? Oh, get some uh karate karate kid 2 vibes. There's an app for tracking my daughter. Oh, which one does your uh does your daughter have? Uh GP or GB? Sorry, words are hard. What do we got? Look at these. You got your wild Crocs. Those are kind of cool. It's been a while since I've been here, so this merch may not be new to a lot of you, but it is definitely new to me. Kind of cool with the Let's see. That be cheetah print, I believe. How's everybody's day going? I hope going well so far now that we're well into the afternoon. It's 3:30. That's cute. Great circle of life. We are connected. Hello, Caitlyn. Hi, Lori. This is Jessie Mouse with the stream right now while Jenna is taking a little bit of a restroom break. All right. With the animal menagerie towards the tree of life, do any of you have like a favorite animal that they that they walk around? They're all really cute. I like the penguins. Hello. Oo, this is fancy. Look at that. Hi Kevin S. How are you? Definitely a lot of people here today. I assume it's all holiday. Ooh, they have treats over there. I'd go over there, but there are some long lines and I don't want Jenna to lose us. Let's see. The chat isn't updating. There we go. A money tree. Yes, I like money tree. I've been searching for money trees to support my Disney habit. Hi, Edwin. I'm doing fine, thanks. How are you? Penguins. We like the penguins. two. Oh, she is back. Moon wanting mooning. Mooning. Walking. Oh, it's rubbed off on Jesse. Thank you very much. There's no moon mooning. It's a new moonwalking. What is that little instrument? Like a kimba. Oh, fun. It's not in tune. It's not in tune. Did you see any um moon waning? Moon waning. Did you see any um yummy treats? I did. There was a like over there. I got you. I got you. I know. They've got some new stuff. Mhm. That's cute. I showed none of these. So, you know what else? I want to get this. Cuz here, here you can get runs and different things. But you know what? At Disney Springs, you can get jelly bellies. Love jelly bellies. I like jelly bellies. They also have gummies. Do you have this one? I do not. Me neither. Main Street. I wish I would have got Main Street. I'm so mad I didn't. If they ever come out with a Tomorrowland one, I am all over that one. But they have crazy bananas. Those are crazy bananas and banana. Like Fantasy Land, I think. So, yeah. Yeah, because there's Tinkerbell and an F and an F. There's our sign. Oh, what's this? What is that? Cinderella enchanted sour jelly pumpkins. Orange flavored. These are cute. I just want the carriage. Hi, Felina. How are you doing? Well, how are you guys today? Can't open it. You're not Oh, okay. Well, either way, it's cool. Oh, look. You can buy your own pixie dust. Maybe at midnight. At midnight. It twists. Oh, it twists. Look at Julian. Of course, it twists. Good job. I just wanted to see if you knew. It was a Well done. It was a challenge. Oh, here we go. They've got some yummy stuff in here, you guys. But the treat we're going to get is in Starbucks. Shall we go see the tigers before they go? If they're already out or already put away, I don't know. But and then we can go get our treat. I think it'll be a great plan. It'll be trito clock. Wow, it's empty over here. All right, guys. Let's chat about one of our awesome sponsors as we head around this way. We have uh mickeyras.com. mickeyras.com. They will help you book your trip right here to Walt Disney World. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself. They help you plan it for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com. Hi, Lori. She says, "Yes, please." No worries. No worries. Oh, Before we go this way, let's check out the pins. I'm always curious if they get some new ones in. You're going like that. I also brought some to trade today. So, yeah. I put them on a a fancy little like foam thing so I can see them better than in a plastic bag. It's not fancy I got at Walmart. It's fine. But I'm going to call it fancy. Let's see what new ones. Oh, here's the ones in the case. I always like to look at these. Oh, look at the genie. That's fun. The avatar one's cool. That is cool. There's a little racist mystery. Like the race ones. Oh yeah, like the metals. Those are fun, man. That popcorn smells amazing. Oh my word. You never see this from uh Elemental. Such a good movie. Very underrated. Did you see from Elemental? You guys, you never see them. Isn't that fun? Yeah, they don't really have a lot of helicopters. Not at all. All right, let's go see what's on the trading board over here. Okay. Looks like there's a little line. We'll go get in line. This is where the popcorn smells coming from. Uh, there were Zootopia 2 pens. Yeah, right over there. We saw them. Oh, how cool is that? I love that. Oh, we got to go see that one day. One day. It's been out over a month. We'll go see it soon. Yeah, one of these days. I need to make my own opinion about it cuz I keep hearing stuff. Me, too. I should have collected pens. They take up a lot less room than coffee mugs. It's true. All right. Problem is is they get expensive cuz the mystery pack ones now are over $50, which is crazy. But you do get five pins. Yes, this is true. It was that much for one pen. I think Yeah, agreed. All right, I'm not going to wait anymore, but I didn't see any I needed. Let's head on to the tigers before they go away. We're gonna see tigers. They don't have I know. I am very shocked they don't have just one bear or a certain kind of bear, you know, like either a polar bear or a regular bear. Maybe I have a moon bear in Asia. Oh, that'd be cute. I said maybe they're harder to take care of, but I can't imagine taking care of lions and things. Yeah. I I can't imagine any I mean, we have bears here in Florida, so maybe maybe that's why Yeah. out in the wild. We had one in our neighborhood the other week or a couple weeks ago, I guess. Hey, Stefan, how are you this afternoon? Welcome in. Let's see guys, let's chat about another awesome sponsor we had this way. We've got um resort tv1homes.com brokered by expy resortv1homes.com. If you guys are wanting to uh move here to be close to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resort tv1homes.com. Go over there, fill out the information form. We'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Check it out, guys. Even if you're not ready now, go ahead and get the process started. Sell zoo. Zootopia. Zootopia. Zootopia. Zootopia, too. That's why you put those together. Zootopia. That is the Yeah, man. And they missed that opportunity right there. Guys, just hang along a little longer and I'll come up with all the cool names by accident. Zootopia yesterday was really good. Disney's been killing it with the sequels. Okay, I'm excited to check that out. I can't wait. Hello. There are bears walking around your neighborhood in New Jersey. Yeah, polar bears would be very difficult because they got to keep the the temp pretty low for them for sure. I would think um SeaWorld would be able to have them cuz you know they have the Antarctic area over there. It's already cold in that building. So maybe they'll get some in SeaWorld sometime. Oh, so pretty. Hi Mike Wazowski. How are you? Oh, you're going to be at Good Kids the World. Awesome. No, I've never noticed those either. Right. They're not They're No, they're for Christmas. Yeah, I know. I realize they decorated. Kaye, hello. Ninja watching in Zootopia. That made me laugh. A thanks Kaylee. I hope you're having a good day as well. Naen, thank you so much. much. I'm so glad you love the channel. Guys, we should do a rapid fire bop. We haven't done one yet today. We have 544 likes and,00 people in the chat. So, let's go ahead and rapid fire bop. So, all you have to do if you've not already hit that like button, close out of the chat, find the thumbs up, and bop it. I don't know if I But you can only bop it once. You bop it twice, it goes away. All right, you guys ready, set, dude? Yeah, you have to bop it three times if you're going to bop it more than once. Guys, ready, set, the like button. And subscribe if you're new. Are you special? Yay, Jesse did it. Julian bought it, too. Yay, Julian. Woohoo. See, it's so easy. You can do it walking around Animal Kingdom. It's a one that speaking of Mike Wazowski, did you see the Monsters Inc. funday football on Disney Plus? I did not. That sounds fun, though. Hello, IB Rebecca. Thank you, Sandy Pandy. See if the monkeys are out. Oh, yep. I see one hanging around. What they do best? It's right over there. Just hanging around. These monkeys can be really loud sometimes. Hey, Justin. Um, I'm not sure. Maybe. Not sure. I know Josh did it on opening night candle light, but I'm not sure if we'll be back, but we might. We might. We might. It's always a long line. It's hard. Oh, he's coming this way. Hello, Mr. Monkey. All right, let's get over to the Tigers before they close it. Oh, watch out for those random rocks. That's a really high. I almost fell on Monday. We were at the Contemporary Shop and they had, you know, like a platform thing with merch and mannequins and stuff on it and I it was low and I was looking at the stream and I almost bit it, but I got I got my composure back. Sharon said I was very graceful about it. I was like, "Thanks." It didn't feel graceful. But I didn't fall. That's all that matters. If it was me, I would have eaten pavement, you know. I had a good laugh. Uh-huh. I mean, I was close to it, but I caught myself. So, Justin, I don't know if Brett will be able to show Disneyland at Christmas just because he doesn't have a ticket anymore. So, um, if he can get one and he can get there, I'm sure he would. Just not sure if he'll be able to. So, We shall see. We would love to go out there and show it to you guys. We just cannot right now. I can't leave Chloe and uh Josh has got school, of course. And then we've got family things. So, lots going on in the resort TV one life. Hello, Kit. And she's about twice as big as you. Oh, would be cool, but no. No. This is good. They only have one fire prison dragon. True. And it's in a parade. I have never stayed in the Grandino Tower, but I've been in it. It's beautiful. It's warm fire one. We have great views from up there. I've been in the restaurant, too, which is super fun. All right, let's see if we can find the dragon. Should probably easy to spot. Oh, yep. There she is. Yeah. moving. Probably chilly. Why is he moving? He's looking around. Oh my goodness. Yeah, look at those claws. Why? Why? No, let's go this way. Just to chilling. A He's like, "Why are you all staring at me?" Yeah, there's no gingerbread house at the Grand Fian, but they have a gingerbread castle at the Contemporary. We showed it on Monday. It was beautiful. They eat. They're carnivorous, too, aren't they? Yeah, they eat. Pretty delicious, actually. Yeah. be awesome. But if they're bigger, I've heard they can eat small. Support your plants. People have to crazy. Yep. We're going to keep going. We might see lions and tigers and bears. Oh my. Can't resist it. Elephants. Oh, lions, tigers, tigers, and bears and elephants. Oh, there you go. No, he said elephant. Okay, we might see elephants, elephants, and elephants. They love that rock. Every time I go see them, they are on the rock. Maybe it is a heated rock. I bet you it is cuz it's kind of chilly for any type of lizard right now. Those are called bamboo. We'll go ahead through the bat house and we have to walk right through it cuz it lags. Pretty bag. Pretty pretty bag. It lags bag. It lags bag. It's a lag bag. Does it lag potato? Yeah. Yep. Sure does. We will we'll potato it just in case. But yeah. Oh, here. I'll help. Yeah. Sorry guys. It's cool in there, but the lag is real. Sometimes we can see them from this window if it doesn't lag. Yeah. Oh, wow. There's one right there. Oh my goodness. That's cool. Yeah. Huge bat. He just went away. Here, I'll let you get up here. Oh, no worries. Yeah. Thank you. Oh, no. I've seen enough. You've seen enough. I got you. Enough bats for you. Oh, wow. Got the thing on high blast. Look at him go. Oh my goodness. Have you not? No. Have you been on the tiger trail? Um, I don't think so. Really? Yeah. We can go over and show you the um dino land and what's left of it. There's They're all kind of climbing around like that. There's one, two, three, four. They're cooler inside. Like if you guys want to go see them, they're really cool in there. I just can't. where um if you go back in and then go Yeah, go. Yeah, you can see them better if you want. Yeah, go. They're really cool. Not focusing. Sorry about that. You can you can handle seven. Okay. I don't know. How to get it better through the seven years ago through the fence here. I know it won't focus. I think that's papa. I think the baby's already asleep. Oh, getting up. Yeah, I think that's papa. Papa tiger. Could be mom. I don't know. Our favorite streamer. Oh, hello. How are you? How you doing? Great. How are you? Awesome. Now excited that you are. Yeah. Very cool. You do a great job all of them. Thank you. That's so kind. From Rhode Island. Okay. Awesome. Did you want to say hi? We can say hi. You want to say hi? Okay. Sure. Yeah, why not? Hello. Cast members at one time. No way. I love that. Oh, that's so cool. Where'd you guys work? I worked at uh Hollywood Studios Light Action. Oh, that was so cool. I missed that. Amazing. Oh, that's so cool. Uh, no. I have my friends. They're coming. They went to see the bats, but the stream lags so bad in there. I was like, I'll just meet you up here. So, you were at the Christmas party the other night. Oh, fun. Were you weren't there in the rain, right? No, we got we got messed up the other day. Sunday was okay. They Sunday was bad. were down. The sky was down beach. Really? Everything was down. Soaking wet. Oh, that's awful. Took us 2 hours to get to what that pot. That's so bad. And then it broke. Yeah. Well, glad. I'm glad. Yeah. Sometimes the weather, you know, one of the days we uh we did some resort hopping. Oh, fun. That's what we did yesterday. That's awesome. So, we're staying at the Caribbean Beach, so use the tram. Yeah. Enjoy the tram and hop around. We went to the Montreal. Awesome. It's so fun, isn't it? It's something different and like you're like a living broom bomb book. Oh, thank you. I love that. I know what you're talking about. Thank you. Watching you for a long history. He is very good into the history. Oh, he such a unique way. Thank you. I appreciate that. Thank you so much. Enjoy watching it each time. A like always magical Monday if we get a jump. Thank you. I get Sunday and Monday's off. So it's like Monday I need my Disney. I come home and I see the big TV tuned in to you. I pull it into the drive. I love that. That's awesome. Well, I really appreciate it. Of course. Yeah. Let's grab a pick. No, no, no. Somebody take a picture of us. Yeah, I will take it. Sounds good. Thank you. Yeah, you girls. You girls. If we live here, we would be your best friend. Awesome. I'll take a picture for you guys. Yeah. Come on in. Love the stitch. Thank you. My main dude. Me, too. Awesome. Say hello to your brother. I will. so much, you know, unintrusive to people. You do a good job. Thank you. I really appreciate it. She likes to watch when you girls are on. Jesse Mo. Oh, yeah. That's who's here today. Jesse. Yeah. I feel like I'm having a girl day. I love that. I'm so glad you're part of the girls show. Chicken tasting. That was funny. Oh, thank you. Yeah, the doughnut tasting was equally as Yeah, it was a lot of sugar. Yes, it was a lot of sugar. That girl going to eat all that sugar? Oh, we did not like this. We did not. We gave half of them to mom and dad. Good. They didn't go to waste. Thank you. Merry Christmas everybody. Thank you so much. You guys are so sweet. Thank you. Have a good one. Bye. You can check out my Disney artwork atree by Steve.com. Okay, perfect. Disney stuff. I love that. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Bye, guys. Very sweet family. Love that. I'm not sure if that's the mama or the dad. We're going to ask. Is this the mom or the dad? Oh, so it's mom and the cub. Oh, I didn't see the cub. Where's the cub? Oh, right there. Oh my goodness. That's awesome. I didn't see both of them. Hey, you want to follow me? Yes. I can't imagine that. Yeah, usually during the summer. Uhoh, Jesse lost us. A so hard to see through this fence, but they're so pretty. Oh, we're here. See if I can go downstairs and find them. Jesse. Jesse, I took a page out of your mom's book and stopped dying. My hair went all white and it's so freeing. Oh, I'm so glad. That's amazing. Yeah, it definitely I'm sure is. You don't have to dye your hair anymore. I'm not quite at that point, but I got you. Which I don't have to dye mine too much. Just every once in a while. There's a tiger right here. I don't know. I can't tell which one's mom and which one's baby. You can see him a little bit better here. Marco Polo, Jesse. Oh, there they are. I found them. Oh, they're chatting with the hoppers. Hello. The baby tiger's up here. We walked right by him. He's out. We walked right past you. Oh, so I went right by the window. I went up the steps cuz there's a there's a tiger viewing area right there. But you can kind of see one of them right here, too. Oh, right here. Hoppers that you were just talking. Oh, yeah. They stopped you. Fun. Uh, there they are. There's one. And then the other's back a little ways, but you can see them better up top. Up top. Which one's the baby? I don't know. She's like They're very close in size now, which is crazy cuz he's only 2 years old. But he's out. Yeah, he's out. He's right there. Here, let's go back up. Sorry. Where's the tigers? The tigers. You're seeing all the babies today. I love this gorillas and tigers. Bats. So am I. Yeah, we needed a bee one. We got Let's see. These stairs right here. But I wonder if we can here. Let's see if we can see them here. Yeah, you can. Yep. This is actually better. So, I don't know. I think the baby's on the left. He does look a little smaller. I always I see that one here. I'll I'll Can you see him? I see one right there. There's I think mom's on the right and baby's on the left. I think a Hi, baby. Yeah, that baby's on the left. Do you see him? He's so cute. Oh my goodness. So stinking cute. Here he comes. And I went up there. You can see him a little bit better. The baby. Oh my goodness. Hi, baby. She going for a drink. What a good view. Oh, he moved right before you took the picture. Yeah, of course. Oh, he's coming. Oh my word. How cool. See a American. Okay. Get your face really close to the glass. Give him something to appetize on. There you go. That's a fancy selfie stick. Yeah, it's a stabilizer. Got to keep him like I want some water. Stormy going to the water bowl. She's always in the bathroom with us. What's this? Don't fall. Wow. When do you ever get to see a cat that close? Every day at home. No. I mean, there are cats and mini versions of that. Well, a cat. And he's gone. He wants to go up on Yeah, he wants to get up on top of the ledge there. That is so cool. Such a pretty view. That was the baby. That was It was He's He's gone now. He doesn't look like a baby anymore, but he he's a baby. I don't know. It went, but yeah, I was afraid he was going to fall in. Did you see? Hi, Sean. Hi, Tracy. That was awesome. Here he is. Oh my goodness. How cool. He wanted to get up there. Good job, buddy. Let's see. Like, I'm determined. Uh-huh. He did it. Wow. He is so big. Wow. Sorry. You're good. He really wants to Oh, there must Oh, there's a ball or something in there. Oh my goodness. That is adorable. And you also That's true. Good point. That is really cool. I haven't ever seen one. He's got a great view of him today. Oh, he's going to go get the toy. Go get it, buddy. Go get it. Yeah, I feel a tiger. I know he does look Oh, is he? Oh, he just growled. He's first. He is a persistent tiger. Adorable. I could watch him all day. The thirstiest baby. Jump in. Jump in. That's pretty cool. Look in there. You seen him? Oh. Oh, you almost fell in. Oh my goodness. Adorable. All right. Good. A little more. But that's somebody else. again. Did you like seeing the tiger? All right. So, out moves. He's trying to He's trying to figure out a way. I know how to get it without getting wet. Adorable. I loved that. Okay. Yeah, you got two babies. Yeah. Two baby animals checked off the list. You got to see him before he was giant. He's pretty giant, but not quite as giant as mama. Sorry, guys. There was a little little lag there, but hopefully it wasn't too bad. This is a very laggy area back here. Usually they're in by now, so I'm really shocked they're still out. Oh, he's still up there. Look. Oh, I think he saw me. He's like lunch. I know. Maybe she'll get my toy. I'm just getting all these shots of them with their tongues out today. Hi, Miss Disney fan. Have a good day. Oh, wow. Look at him. Oh, that's great, Julian. Hi. Hi, Baxo. That's cute. Come this way. Come on, little buddy. Big buddy. See? Yeah. Here, kitty. Kitty kitty. Oh, he Oh. Oh, he might be coming this way. Hi, dude. Oh my word. Please come over here. This is amazing. Wait, this might be crazy. Come on over. Oh my word. Oh my word. Oh my goodness. Wow. That was amazing. Where'd he go? Did he go in? I know. He's over on the corner. Yeah, he's going to come back. Hi, little guy. Hi, big guy. that he ignores us. He stopped. He chewed on a barrel. Oh my word, that is adorable. I can see him. I don't Oh, right there. Right there. Look, he's pulling a barrel or something. Can you see it? I think he's trying to come. That is so cute. He's going to get the baby is two, I think. That's so cute. All right, guys. I'm going to head out this way. Adorable. Okay, that was super cool. Yeah, you got it. I thought he saw me standing up there. He might not have. He probably saw his toy. He's like, "Oh, there's another toy." There's lunch and a toy. Yeah, lunch and a toy. Perfect. He came to size you up. He's like, "Maybe she's a little too big. Let me get this. Let me get this barrel." Tigers raised in captivity usually don't attack. That's true. Good point. Good point. Super fun day everyone. Thanks you too. That was amazing. He was born Oh, he was born September 26, 2024. Oh, so he's only a year old, right? Is this 2025? Yeah. I'm like, hang on, what year is it? I'm already on to the next year. No, I'm kidding. This is usually where the papa goes, but I don't see him today. Hi. Don't see the dad. Oh, he's camouflaged. I thought you were going to say he's camera shy and then you said camouflage and then it sounded like camouflage. Camouflage. Camouflage. Camouflage. That's That's a fancy term for being camera shy. Camouflage. Camouflage. I hide from cameras. Uh-huh. New word. We're adding it. Camouflage. Leslie says, "If not friend, why friend shake?" No. So cute. Wonder if little tiger ever gets frustrated with the barrel and pounces on it. It looked like he was about to. He had his teeth in it. Okay, so this is the bird area. It lags horribly in there, but if you guys want to go check them out, I'm going to go this way. But if you want to go see them, they got some cool birds. It just horrible lag in there. Camouflage is an awesome new word. Trademark it. When you're camera shy, you're camouflaged. It's like I have a shirt that I made that says introverted but friend shaped. I love that. I am 100% that. Yes, same. That is amazing. I need one of those. Yes. Keep on boopping. Bop bop that like button, guys. We got 640 likes. It's 1,200 friends here today. What a fun day we're having so far. I think we're going to head over to Starbucks and get our treat. And then you should stay tuned because we have some shopping to do. We have not been in Oh, we've been in one. I'm sorry. We have been in one shop so far today, but not the main shops. Got to camouflage your lag bag. I did say lag bag, didn't I? Lag bag. So funny. Well, thanks for joining us. It's been a fun day. The animals haven't been super active, I think, because of the weather. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's why they kept the tigers out longer than they normally do because normally they're not out. Well, at least the baby. He is getting older though, so maybe they're trying to extend the time he's out. It's all right. You've been on it before. Oh, bye, Chelsea. You got to head out. Goodbye. We're going to do a uh treat treat snack and chat. We also need to chat about some more awesome sponsors. We've got um David's Vacation Club rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. dbcrequest.com/tv. If you guys want to book a stay again at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out. dbcrequest.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. They have a nice pin board over here. See if they have any good ones. battery check. Yes, thank you. 26%. We'll come back. We'll go to another one. It's going to take a minute. I forgot my charger. Oh. Oh, no. I have mine. Soon as we get our treat, I'll plug in. Don't let me forget, guys. We'll get our treat. We'll find a table. Plug it in. That smells amazing, doesn't it? Don't know what it is, but it smells so good. I wonder if it's yak and yeti. So, we're going to head towards Starbucks cuz that's where our treat is today. Don't need coffee, just the treat. They do have good food here. Have you ever eaten here before? Ooh, it's good. They have um honey chicken and orange chicken and yummy yummy chicken. I love yummy chicken. Yeah, me too. Sean says new te's on their way. Awesome. Um trying to think. We could go that way, but we could also Let's go this way. We haven't been this way yet. And then cut back around to Starbucks. If the food we're talking about is up here, then it's up here. Okay. It's a great explanation, wasn't it? Oh, yeah. You're on your way to Epcot. Amazing. Hello, little guy. He's like, "Oh, I'm ready to run." Wow. Sounds like a party up here. We're in Nolan. Yeah, it does. It's Marty girl. I can't believe that's going to be here in February. Oh jeez. For uh Universal. How are we already? I know. Seriously, I know. But that means we're that much closer to HHN again. That's true. That is very true. We'll take it. Before we know it. Uh-huh. 5 minutes. That looks more than five minutes. This is the place, but I don't know if this is it or not. Oh, no. They change they changed their menu. They do have family churros. Uhhuh. The place with the food. That's why I'm trying to see if I can find any particular merch I'm looking for? Uh, I don't know. I'm always looking for something something. See what we can find. We got some Zootopia stuff over here. Animal Kingdom specific merch is always fun. I need some more Animal Kingdom stuff. I haven't even seen the new sign. Look, guys. the Zootopia sign. We got Lightning Lane with the sloth. That is adorable. We are alive. Hey, Matt. Animal Kingdom is underrated. I love it here. 20 minutes. Oh, I have an idea. Let's take the back path over to Starbucks if it's still open. Let's go check. We'll take the tree trail. Oh, the lemurs are out. Oh, fun. Oh my goodness. They're so cute. You want to see if we can find it? Yeah. All right. So, fun fact, this is their habitat and that's why they're sitting there. They want to go back in. He's like, "Open the door." Hello. Hello. Hi, John. So cute. And there's one in the tree over there, too. A there's brown ones over here. All right, let's go this way. Actually, this is great. Hi, friends. Huh? The what? Lemurs. Oh, it's closed. Sad. I was going to go that path. All right. No, I don't even know what this is. was like Oh, okay. PBS. PBS, right? On PBS. Yeah. A and their main character was a lemur, but it was not this bad lemur. Was it the brown lemur? That one? They were lucky. white tummy. This is King Julian. It is. It's me. There's you. Sorry, guys. Yeah, we're not going to do Zootopia today, but yeah, it's a um 3D show. It's not a ride, but it's a 3D show. Let's go see if the same animals are out. They have any new Oh, they have a new loungefly. Look. Cute. I haven't seen this. Oh, how fun. Oh. Oh, I think I know what you're talking about. I never watched it, but I think I know what you're talking about. I love that he has a Gazelle shirt. They are $90. Super cool. So, this must be where they get like the Judy and Nick ears. Ears. Yeah. We'll go in after our treat. They have shirts, too. This is so cute. Party animal. That's cute. Have you listened to the new Shakira song? That's the song I was talking about. It's stuck in your head. I Yeah, it's Shakira. I forgot who sang it. Shakira. Shakira. Hi Jonathan. See, do we see if the animals are out if they're different or if they're the same one? Oh, it's a polar bear. The polar bear is out. Cute. All right, let's chat about another awesome sponsor as we're heading this way. We've got um see our next one is Weight Times Signs. Weightsigns.com. Use our code resort 15 for 15% off. Weightsigns.com. So you can check out the actual weight times in the park on this device and it'll update throughout the day as you know as the weight times do you know they go up they go down they will show you that on weight signs. Um and also they show you live nightly fireworks. Um you can also watch more than one YouTube live stream at the same time. Um what else? You can watch um live piano shows request piano shows and what else? What else? There's a lot of things on this awesome amazing Oh, you can watch resort TV on it. Not just resort TV on us, but resort TV like in your hotel room, in your resort room. You can watch that on weightsigns.com. Again, use our code resort 15 for 15% off. Not really. This place isn't exactly crowded. And usually, fun fact, the Starbucks here is one of the least busiest of any park. Usually, you don't have to wait. It doesn't say Starbucks on it. Yeah, it does have the little sign, but yeah, it's kind of hidden. So, it's very nice. Hi, Julia. How are you? I smell the coffee already. Okay, if I give you my phone to buy the treat, I could save that table for us. Unless they're taking it in and get it, Jenna. I'll get it. Well, I have the app here. Look. Monies. Monies. Just try not to let it go away cuz then you can't find it. I got money dollars. Yeah, it does. It really does. All right, guys. Here we go. We are going to take a little snack and chat break. try these amazing uh peppermint brownies. I'm excited. Yeah, anything pre peppermint. Peppermint. Add that to the mix, too. What is happening today? Peppermint. Peppermint. What's your favorite kind of mint, honestly? Right. Think of a better one. It's the one that's prepared. It's prepared for You better prepare for mint because that's what this chair won't preer mint. Holy moly, these chairs are heavy. All right, I'll plug you guys in. Oh, yeah. What is your favorite treat to have here at Animal Kingdom? Um, any time of the year. My actual favorite treat anytime. You have to actually go to You can't just walk up and get it. You have to go to a lounge to get it here at Animal Kingdom are the churros at Nomad Lounge. They literally melt in your mouth if you like churros. And fun fact, they're gluten-free if you need gluten-free. I don't, but you can't tell that they're gluten-free. And they're amazing. Hey, Tatown Mary Ellen. Teresa's excited for snack and chat. I'll be donating some fun things to a donation center to help out with struggling families. A that's so nice. Yeah, peppermint. There's a lot of peppermint things during the holidays, that's for sure. And don't go anywhere, guys. After the snack and chat, we're going to go shopping. Shopping. Shopping. All right. Best thing to do. Mhm. Is there any new merch you're looking for, Julian? Always. Right. Nothing I can think of. Can't think of any right now. I am actually really looking forward to the Festival of the Arts merch though, right? That looks really cool. And I like that they're doing some stuff with Lana finally. They said that they're going to do like a Lana trailer or whatever and they're going to have some exclusive cards and stuff. Yeah, cuz you were collecting those for a while and then um Yeah, I felt like it kind of died down a little bit and then Yeah. So, cuz I still collect trading cards, but like once I found out that there was an Oswald one and I got that one, I was like, "Okay, well, you're good to go. I'm good to go." Yep. Yep. as soon as you get the one you want. It's kind of like with the little buddy, like the little um Pop Mart. There is a Steamboat Willy one though, and I love Steamboat Willy. So, I got Wait, for PopMart? No, for uh There should be a PopMart one, though. That would be cool, wouldn't it? People Oswald. Oh, how fun. Nice and safe here. Let's see. Be nice. Whoopsies. Actually, we'll just selfie. That'll be easy. So, uh that didn't work. Nope. Uh, that's the button I wanted. There we go. A little Oswald Lurana. Yeah, that is so cute. He's your fave, right? He is. I love Oswald. So, tell us about Lurana cuz I don't even really know which other I know that it's so I'm mostly like into the the Pokemon trading cards, but uh Lurana is basically the same thing as like the Pokemon card game, but it's just with Disney instead. I don't know how to play it. Okay. But I love the the artwork that they have on there and collecting them and stuff. So I know there is a uh a following of people that play those. So yeah, I know I saw they were doing some stuff with it on the Disney cruises, too. Like you could go to like Lana meetups. Yeah. Like trade calls. There's definitely there is definitely an audience for them. That's for sure. Yeah, that's cool. Very very cool. Hello Yoohoo. So guys, if you haven't already, go check out Dale's relaxing video for Christmas. He made it last year. It's amazing. He took all the pictures himself. He added snow. He added Christmas music. So, it's a great one to put on in the background, like if you're just, you know, wrapping presents or opening Christmas presents on Christmas morning or Christmas Eve. Um, if you're cleaning your house, doing the dishes, whatever. Um, it's just great to have on in the background. You get Christmas music, you get Disney Christmas ambiance with snowfall. One of the moppers wants to post the link. Dale did a great job. I think it's like a It says 10hour Disney ambiance video. It's from last year. I know Josh posted a new one this year, too. Yeah, exactly. I feel most people that collect Pokemon cards don't know how to play them. They find collectibles purely for the bar. Exactly. I did actually play the game for a short time. I do know how to play for Pokemon. I know how to play that one, but I haven't played it in many years. But they're fun. If you know how to play it, it's fun. But yeah, the artwork is the is the fun thing to to collect. Yeah. See what I did there? The main draw. God, it's the main draw. Also, I was looking for my phone. Jesse has it. Ah, yeah. That'll I almost panicked. I was like, where did I put my phone? Oh my goodness. I'm like, it's not in my pocket. It's not in the pockets of my book of my bag. Uh-oh. Somebody fell down. What did you see last night? Mega Byron Zootopia. Zootopia. The ambiance video. Maybe. Oh, maybe the ambiance video. Okay, cool. There we go. And Mara just posted the link. Thanks, Mara. You are awesome. Oh, I didn't show you guys my ears I was wearing today. Here, I can do an outfit check. Fit check. So, I've got my um gingerbread Nikki ears. These are from several years ago. I think they are the cutest. I mean, they got the build your own and those are cute, too. I wore those the other day. I've got my stitch earrings on from one of my awesome friends. And Uh, let's see. My Stitchy sweatshirt, which I got at Target, actually. It's nice and soft, and he's adorable. So, there you go. Fit check. Oh, good. Mega Byron, I love that. Thanks for watching Dale's Christmas video. Yes. Awesome. Awesomeness. Says, "Understandable panic. Your phone has money dollars." It does have money dollars and everything else. Like, it it's literally your whole life where you forget it. I know. Oh, and he's like, "Wait, I can't function." Which is really sad. There's a Yorkie in a backpack. Oh my word. Look at him. No, it's always like if I don't have my wallet, my phone, and my keys, I feel like I'm missing something. Uh-huh. Same. Hey, shadow dragon. There's two cookies on my head. Yes, there is. Two cookies. Uh, let's see. We do need to chat about any other sponsor. Who do we have? Um, Dreamtable, I think. Yeah, dreamtable.co. Um, it's an app that you can download and it helps you find your um hard to get dining reservations at Disney. So, sorry, Jesse. Oh. Oh. Oh, here. You did good. It shot off on me, so I owe you money. I owe you many dollars. I also freaked out cuz I couldn't find my phone. I got all that. Okay. I got you ice water cuz I didn't know if you have one. Thank you. No, that's awesome. Do you need it though? Cuz I have No, I have mine. Okay. Thank you. You wanted cold water? Yeah. Thank you so much. Yeah. I literally was looking all over for my phone. I was like, "Oh, Jesse's got it. I got it. I got it. Thank you very much." Text me how much I owe you. $20. $9. The line was longer inside. Oh, so I was like, "Oh, okay." Whoopsie. All right, guys. Let's show you the treat you're missing. Yeah. Open this up. It's the communal napkins. Napkins. Um Oh, there we go. Okay, this looks amazing. I cannot wait to try it. You can hang out. I can also share. I do not need a whole lot. So, look guys. So, it is peppermint brownies. So, I don't know if it's just the peppermint on top or if there's pepper. Oh, no. It looks like there might be some throughout. Here, take some off of mine, too, cuz I don't need it all. Seriously. I also had this. Take a picture. Take a picture. Take a picture. No touchy until you get pictures. Have you seen Have you seen the videos of people like messing up the food? Like when people are in the middle of taking pictures? It's so funny. So sad. You said so funny. I said it is funny. Taking parries of the dessert. Perries. Yes. Taking many parries. Many pries of the dessert. Perries of the Jerry's. All right. Let me let me cut some off of here so you guys can have some of mine cuz I literally don't eat it all. But I got one for the two of us to share. I know. But I don't need like I'll eat it. It's fine. I knew you would. Jillian's like here. What is this? I I don't need a whole one. I think so. White chocolate. What? The candy cane. Mhm. Whoops. Here. Julian, take that part. That's very white chocolate. It looks like Pop Rocks, but I don't think it is Pop Rocks. No, I think they're the um these crushed peppermint or the or these the pearl stuff that they pearl like to decorate. dense. Yeah. Really good though. It's peppermint white chocolate. Or am I just like weird? It's in my head. Subtle peppermint. Peppermint. It was in my head. I think it's I'm getting peppermint off of stuff. Could be. The frosting. What is this peppermint? Oh, that's right. It's No, it's peppermint. Peppermint. Yeah. Peppermint. Mhm. It's the new peppermint. That preps you for the actual Exactly. I forgot all about somebody said. Good job, Megie. All right. How is it? It tastes like Rice Krispies. Yeah. I think those look like the little pearl things like they put on the Aurora cone at Magic Kingdom. Crisp pearls. Yeah. Wonder what kind of frosting we got here. A lot of frosting. Pepper. M. Mhm. Are those like That is good. Peppermint chocolate chips in there. Oh, there are chocolate chips. I don't know if I'm getting peppermint from that or if I'm getting peppermint like if it's chocolate mint or if that's the frosted. I'm not sure, but the icing is amazing. That's a great question. We can't answer it, but I would get this again for sure. Why does this stuff have to be like seasoned? Like I know this year round. I love peppermint. You weren't prepared. You You got to go back. Michael says, "The first time I try a treat, I do a little a little sugar dance." Mhm. That's how you know it's good. It's good. It's true. It's danceworthy. Yep. I think the peppermint's in the icing. It definitely is. Can I just tear into it or Yeah. Go ahead. Say wasn't sure if we were trying to Yep. This is a winner winner. It's good. I don't want to eat too much of it cuz I want to actually have some food. Same. Me, too. What? They're my favorite birds. Same. I love dogs. Love doves. There was We always had doves on our um deck when we lived in Indiana when I was a kid. And I named one Honey. And she came back every day. Like every day I'd see her. It was so cute. We used to feed them when we moved down here. We had some morning doves that would come and Oh, really? Um, dove food outside. I never seen them at my house. Huh? Maybe you have to put food out. We have a lot of crows. I don't like them. Jenna, you're killing me. Pass me some. You guys can have some. Come on over. It's definitely sharable for sure. Really good. How do I drop it? You can tell it's thinning out. Mhm. It's 4:30. Mhm. So, to um the parks that stay open a little longer. Yep. Some place that has a evening show or fireworks. Mhm. I miss the show they used to have here. The Rivers of No, whatever was out in the river. The kite one? No, it was at night. Oh, it wasn't. There no fireworks, but they had um projections and boats that came out and music and Oh, they were that when we river light, is that what it was called, guys? Help me out. Sounds right. But Right. It was pretty, you know, um that section that has all the benches and stuff. That's what it was for. Got before the kites. You know what would make this even better? If it had a peppermint filling in the middle. Like a peppermint patty filling or something. Yeah. It might be too much peppermint. I don't know. But you can never have too much peppermint. That's true. Hot chocolate. Mhm. Yeah. River light. Okay. Oh, cool. Sunny eclipse. Yep. Don't go anywhere. Shopping. Okay. Yep. I approve this brownie. I'm Jen and I approve this. I approve this brownie. I'm going to save it for after dinner. Mhm. Yummy. Yeah. Snack and chat was a success. I think this Mhm. All right. Let's see. We'll put it in here. Yep. Sameies. I love it. They keep them in these nice little containers. Yeah. When I asked her, I was like, "Oh, can I have two of the peppermint?" She goes, "Oh, yeah. They're right there in the freezer." I was like, "Oh, oh, oh, cool. That's cool. Beans." It sure is. It was preermented. That is cold water. Mega Byron says, "Save cake. Not this household. You eat it just right away." Well, we haven't had dinner yet. Mhm. And I think cake for dinner. What do you mean? I think No, but because I had the lemon. Oh, yeah. Fair. Earlier. Oh, too much sugar. My My body's like, "Um, I'm on salty now." And you're uh You're still doing still hanging around sweet? Yep. I get that when you had too much sugar. You got to have the salt. Cut the balance. Mhm. All right. Oh, I was talking about Dreamtable, wasn't I? Dreamtable.co. If you guys want to make those really hard to get dining reservations, dreamtable.co will help you. It's an app, so all you have to do is download it, um, and put in the reservation that you're looking for, number of people, the, you know, the day and the time of course, and then it'll notify you when it comes available. Wait, I don't know if this happened. You didn't? dreamtable.com, one of our awesome uh sponsors, and it I think it's on all the, you know, the downloadable app, Apple, and Samsung. What Samsung's called? The Play Store. That's it. Uh, so go check them out, guys. And they will not make the reservation for you. They will just notify you, which I like. So that way you don't have all these reservations you don't even know about. Um, they just let you know. They're like, "Hey, the reservation is available. Go in the app now and and get it." So again, dreamtable.co. Might as well get a trash can of some crazy bananas while you're getting sweets. That's true. A trash can of crazy bananas. That sounds funny. I I think there is a subscription with it. So again, go check out green table.co. But that's how they're able to like notify you and all the things, but maybe not. I could be wrong. I It's a super cool app. I I was using it for my birthday cuz my birthday was Thanksgiving, so like nothing was available. That's insane. That is insane. Holy moly. All right, everybody. You ready to go shopping? I'm ready. I don't know why, but I have Hall out the holly. Oh, in my head right now. Lorana is taught on YouTube. Okay, nice. We were chatting about that earlier. That's going to be pretty cool that they're going to do the Lana at at festival. So, how are they doing it? So, the lounge in Morocco is going to have like they were saying like you can go open packs in there with people and stuff and then they were saying like there's going to be like scavenger hunts and when you complete the scavenger hunt you get whatever the promo card is. So, there's going to be two different scavenger hunts. That's cool. I like that. Um, so two different promo cards. You can go open packs and stuff. I don't know if they're going to start selling the packs in the lounge or if they're going to be selling them in the shops in the shops or whatever, but we don't know what the car and there's also going to be um giant locana card spread for well for the for photo ops. So like you know you can like go into the case they have ones like that but for the merch is really cute. It is cute. I know. Oh, I think it's only for Apple right now, but you can go to dreamtable.co maybe. That's what I'm That's do it through that instead of But it's saying if you want the Yeah, the Google. Okay. It's only on um Android. I remember Josh saying that now. Thank you. Apple on the Apples. Where you see the merch, but your wallet says no. Ah, same. Same. Same. Oh. Can you watch the phone? Yeah. All right. See, now it's in your head. It's because they were doing it when we started the stream. That's what Oh, yeah. That's it. Need a little Christmas right this very moment. Candles in the window. Carol, is that the spirit? I had to remember. I was like, wait, what's the next word? Oh, yeah. Right before they came out. Uh-huh. But guardians. Guardians. Yeah. The mirror that you walk by at the end is supposed to be like a reference to that. Oh, fun. Okay. I didn't know that. That's cool. They make sure they look ready to come on stage. All right, we're going to go in Island Merkin Tile first and then we'll go to the next one across the way. Got a squeaky cart over there. Oh no, it's already closed. There's only a few restaurants open late. I think the one in Pandora is open later. The flame barbecue is open later. All right. Dancing Zootopia Pandora. Hello Chunks. How are you? It is a good Christmas song, isn't it? Okay, I bought these ears and now I can't find them. You bought them, you can't find them. Maybe they're in the linen closet. They might be. You never know. I'm sure they're somewhere. I just really have to look. Right. I know. Isn't that cool? How much? Money dollars. Money dollars. 60. Okay. For two plushies. It's not horrible, right? I do love this size one mug. Yeah, that's true. Cardosaurus. It's a squeaky carnosaurus. Well, if you want me. I still want these. I have not bought these yet. The dinosaur and dinosaur. The carnotaurus. So, carnotaurus. It works. I know. I need this. And I need these. You have these. I remember this. They're really cute. And I love this, but not I don't like the price, but so soft. I like the jacket. Leather jacket. Yeah, the jacket's more worth the price, but still. These are so cute as well. But you know who has very similar bags and they're amazing is So Magico. Go check her out. So Magico third row. What' you find? Carl and Carl and Ellie in the first one in the third row. First one. Third row. Yeah, there's the house right there and then next to it. Oh, I see him. Oh, I have the house. I don't have that. I know. He's so cute. I legit want to like get the Oslo and just put it on a as like a pendant. You see the gold stitching? Yes. He's holding a heart. I love the Santa one, too. I know. Pascal is cute. There's so many I want right now. And there's some new rings as well. Like, I love the Frozen rings. Aren't those pretty? How do you decide which Mickey ears to wear for the day? Um, you know, it depends on what park I'm going to and, you know, what outfit I'm feeling for the day. Look over here. So many cute Oh, they have the Walt Disney World spacer back. I kind of want that. And it's cheaper cuz you know it's a spacer. Spacer. That's pretty. The spacer back there that's like rainbowy. It's like pink and blue and yellow. Oh, that is pretty. Love that. These are fun. We got all the characters. They have the old versions at the outlet right now for 25 bucks. Hey, Noel. Look at Piglet. He's like, "Hooray. I'm Piglet." How much? 60. That's not horrible for a thick sweatshirt. Oh my goodness. Look at this. So cute. They've got the magical I don't know how to say it. Mina manager. The magical creatures. Isn't that the cutest thing ever? That's new. It is new. Oh, this is cute, too. Oh my goodness. One of each. Wrap them up. And they have all of the Zootopia things over here. Got the ears, the shirts. Here's um tree hops. Oh, these are cute. I didn't know I had these little like pass holder bags. $34.99. Isn't that cute? Oh, yeah. And there's Nick. Those are cute. This is so cute. The snake. Yeah, that's convenient. It's where you put your hamster. Is it like put pouchy? Not as cool as pouchy. No, pouchie is pretty cool. That is adorable. Judy's Judy and Nick's tails, too. Oh, that's so cute. Wait, where? Oh, right here. Amazing. A $1.99 from Teresa. A thank you, Teresa. Look, he has a fanny pack on his neck. That's so funny. Well, now we know how snakes wear fanny packs. Uh-huh. On their necks. Thank you, Teresa. That's so sweet of you. I really appreciate it. Oh, look. They have some the blind boxes that they had in the one in uh Disney Springs. Oh, I like the I like the hamster. So cute. I think they're 9. Yeah, $9.99. Oh, this is cute, too. Magical Night of Hope. Um, it starts, I believe, at 6:00 p.m. the show. You have to be there earlier, of course, if you're coming, but that's when it will start on YouTube. A I wish this was on the front. These are cute. All right, Noel, sounds good. Look at him. So cute. I have the puppet one from several years ago. If you've been to Disney World, it's so so cool. Oh, they have ornaments, too. And spear. Oh, this is so cute. $84.99. Wait till it goes to the outlet. It is adorable, though. And look at those ornaments. How much are you? $39.99. The shirt, the t-shirt is $34.99. So soft and so fluffy. Good job, Julian. All right. Oh, they have the build your own ears over here. If you're wanting those, they have them. They have gingerbread and the snowman. They've got all the Zootopia characters, cars, Chipale. It is cold in this shop. It is freezing in here. Yes, they do. AC is pumping. Oh, these are so cute. You can be like the musketeers. Do they have Jay? Look, we got three Jay's here. And there's no J. No J's? Are you kidding me right now? There must be. That's probably why cuz there's so many of us. A look at the Tinker Bell. This is cute. Okay, I'm going to look at the necklaces. Oh, these are cute. The little pearls. These are pretty. So many pretty. Oh, look at the Tinker Ball up here, too. And the pink one. A look at them. Minnesota. Yeah, that is adorable. I have the stitchy one. Yep. The Eeyore one. A you are in Ticker. Is that who the other one is? Oh, poo. That makes sense. Oh, that's cool. Oh, they got mood bracelets. Do they really? Yeah. See what I'm Is it Mickey? Oh, it is Mickey. Did it change though? You're looking forward to Saturday. Oh, it should be fun. I can't wait as well. Uh oh. I've been looking for earrings like Jesse's forever cuz she's got the cutest earrings. Look, Jesse, they've got something similar. Apparently, I'm calm. Oh, not quite the same, but Oh, I'm not wearing those. Oh, no. They do. similar, but the ones the ones that I got I got in the Did they give me in the gift shop um out of pirates? I'm assuming they are gone because Yeah, you would think they'd be with all this stuff, you know. They're the cutest. Turn blue. The cutest. You have all the feelings today. You're the emotions. Calm. You're calm. Okay. See, every time you stay I Exactly. I'm good. I'm Same. Will they let us spend the night here? I guess if you buy a room, they will. Oh, look. The penguins are back out. Yeah, you do. Oh, magnets. All right, we'll go. We'll go right after we end the stream. We can get our magnets. Passholder magnets. They got them all back. If you missed one, they got them. Unless you guys want to go now. I don't want you to miss them. If you want to go now and get them, that's fine. Oh, right here. You could fit three Chloe's in there. And a whole Jessie. going to hold it. Oh no, Mickey's lost his nose. Oh, did you see this new sweatshirt? It's so cute. Isn't that cute? They were sold out of the small sizes at um Magic the other day. And it's I know. Isn't that pretty? I love all the Christmas pinks. And then they have a skirt uh somewhere. Oh, there's a little puffer. Yeah. Oh, and there's the skirt. Sharon thought this would be fun for all of us to wear for the princess race. I was like, "Oh my word, it would." Hi, Melanie. How are you? Your favorite carpet. It is a great one. Agreed. Um, I don't know if we have to go to the There's a line out there. I think that you have to go. Didn't look bad, but I love the pastel colors. Me, too. I still want these. The peppermint ones. I have a lot of the Kinder Scott ones back in stock. Wait 98. Cute, cute, cute. There's that castle ring. It's so pretty. And here's Rebecca Hook. What a good way to end. Thanks, Susan. Glad you're enjoying the stream today. Yeah, I still want those peppermint ones. They're really cute. Who's this? Oh, Tiana. A, these are cute. Oh, do they have the cruise loop here? or girls crew. I'm sorry, not cruise. I get those. I don't know that. We'll have to come back. They have personalizations right here. Well, we got to get our ears personalized sometime. One day we'll remember them and then also it won't be busy. Yeah, right now is going to be nuts. Good call. All right, let's see. Crocs. These are fun. Oh, and the Mickey pumpkins. Oh, would be on sale. Are you serious? I feel like cuz it came out so late. Maybe. No. Aren't those cute? Maybe cuz it came out so late. I don't know. That's a lot of monies. Snackles. No. Aren't those cute? What's this one? I like it. Looks like a crown. I want to either do this one or somebody's crown. Yeah, that's pretty. Sorry guys, it was lagging, but we fixed it. I know. Those are really cute. They look heavy. They are cute. Feel heavy. No. Okay. Here's way you poo in and that's pretty. That's so pretty. All pretty. Yeah. All the pretties. All right, let's continue this away. I do still want this. I'm assuming this is going to go to the outlet, so I'm going to wait. They have so many of them. The holidays roar. Wow, giant mugs. Oh, corksicle. Okay, I need a new corksicle. $54.99. I like this one. It's more like yours with the You know the mine mine has seen better days. Handle, that's the word. Mine has been very well. Oh, it sure has. We got dings and bruises from poor cork sickle. Back for three years. Oh, there you go. It's Hi. How are you? Oh, doing well. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate it. You guys enjoying your day? Awesome. Good deal. Thank you for watching. We appreciate it. Repeat. A thank you. We're not here and back at home. We're watching a I love that. Where's home? South Carolina. Okay. Not too far away then. Do you want to say hi or no? Okay. All right. No worries. All good. Yeah. Have a good one. Bye. All right, guys. Here we go. Through the store. It's a busy one in the store today. See if they have any new Oh, here we go. Oh, look. They have a 2026. Almost said mug. That's a pen. Uhhuh. Oh, they have some magical creatures. I can't say that word. I always forget it. Magical. Menagerie. Here we go. I did it. I said it right. Right. Yeah. Wow. It's packed in here. Holy moly. Okay, we'll go this way. Fantastic Beasts. Fantastic Beasts. Fantastic Beasts. I want to go back to Epic so bad. Oh, look. All the 2026 merch. We saw this at um Magic the other day. Oh, yeah. There's no line. Yeah, go for it. Hey, Daniel. See if they've got the ears here. They have the hat. They have the Skyliner. The bus. Maybe it's on this side. Oh, they have the light up ears. Light up necklace. Can I just look at the merch right here? I'm not popping in line. Okay, thank you. Got the 2026 ears. These are so cute. And then there's a hat. Take a picture real quick. Oh, yeah, of course. I was trying to sneak one. Sorry. No, you're all good. No worries. Thanks for watching. Yeah. Have a good day. Here's the bag. 2026. Do like the ears though. Those are very cute. Oh, and they have the irresistibles and a little Mickey plushy. I love the little kids hoodie. All righty then. Oh, there's Jesse. I don't want to go too far. They have the ornament, too. They'll be epic in 10 months. That is awesome. I want to go so bad. I miss it. Yay. I know. Did you see them? Aren't they cute? Oh. It's packed in here. Yes. Please bop the like. Bop bop. Let's get 800 more likes. Let's get to a thousand. Did you get them? All right. Which one? Let's go out here and then show us what you got. Do I got to start from the beginning? Yep. Ready? Hang on. Wait. Wait for it. All right, Julian. Which one did you get? So, we got Stitchy. Love him. We got Heihei. Love him, too. And we've got Simon Pumba. Hey, you got to love them. Got them. Awesome. Woohoo. I got to go get mine later. Don't let me forget. All right, everybody. Well, I think we're going to go over here and wrap it up so we can go get some dinner. Let's go over by the tree. Want to get some dinner before they close up. We got an hour before park closed. But I hope you enjoyed the stream today. We had a great time hanging out with you here at Animal Kingdom. If you missed it, we did show you uh we went on an awesome safari ride and it was longer than normal. A longer safari ride, but it was great. I also want to thank our awesome platinum members of the channel. They donate um $50 a month and we like to thank them and read their names out every single stream. Let me pull those up so we can thank them. Hey Jeff, how are you? Hi, Tracy. And if you guys missed my birthday vlog over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale, go over there and check that out. I'm also going to have a Dapper Day video over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale here really soon. I'm going to edit that tomorrow. Maybe even put it out tomorrow. We'll see. If not, tomorrow it'll be out on Saturday. Of course, we'll be live on uh Friday for Friday Night Live. So, don't miss that either. All right. So, we've got Amy Moore, Grey Rose Adventures, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego Many, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, William Ly, My Crazy Grownup Life, Chuck Polly, The Amazing Jayla Moxley, Scander Dani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our awesome platinum members of the channel. All of our members of the channel, all of our Patreon members, as well as hoppers, moppers, shoppers, and boppers. Shoppers. Yeah, you got to thank them all. I mean, shoppers and boppers, right? And thanks to Jesse and Julian for hanging out today. It's been fun. We had a super long safari, but it was worth it. We saw We saw a lot of our saw Kora. Yeah. And back back though, if you guys missed it, we had some great views of the baby tiger. He came right up. It came right out. It was amazing. He was playing with his little little barrel. Barrel, big barrel. But yeah, it was awesome. So, thanks for watching and we'll see you Friday for Friday Night Live. Go back and watch all the old streams, the vlogs, all the things. It all helps. And leave a comment whenever we're done. All right, we'll dance out. All right, guys. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Byebye. Oh yeah.
