---
video_id: EvGteGt519U
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Saturday Night Christmas Fun at Magic Kingdom - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 12-6-25"
published: 2025-12-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvGteGt519U
---
going. All right. Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I'm live at a very very rainy and wet Magic Kingdom. Welcome in everybody. Yeah, it's it's raining. I was kind of hoping when I had dinner it would stop, but it didn't. So, we're going to be wet. That is the deal. But it's okay because we're going to be it'll be drying out here in a little while. But let's go over here where there's not as much crowd and uh we'll see what we can do. But thank you for being here. I forgot my umbrella. So that's cool. It happens to the best of us. I know you're saying, "Josh, you live in Florida. You should know about umbrellas." I do. It's just usually this time of year is dry. We need the rain, don't get me wrong, but yeah, it was a it's a wet one. Yeah. Anyh who, big shout out to Emily too from Emily from Molly and Emily. Um she uh that's her username. Uh she gifted myself and uh John um one of our other streamer friends a um a gingerbread cake which was fun. So I was finishing that at the last minute there. Let me get over here for a second. There we go. Goodness. Okay. I can't see. Sorry, guys. Had a little bit of lag there. We'll be We'll be fine. Let me check the radar here. It looked like it was going away, but I don't know. So, I guess I just need to go find something indoors to do. Oh, it's just like sitting here. That's weird. It's must be moving in a way that I didn't expect it to move. Oh, yeah. It's kind of going northeast. It's a cold front, but it's not pushing through very fast. Let's see what it's doing here. Uh, it looks like it'll be done here in a little while. Maybe by 7:30 or so. Okay. Yeah, it is kind of moving across. I see that, Christopher. Thank you. And it was good to see you yesterday. For sure. For sure. I think what we're going to do now is go watch Spectral Magic because it's right here. Hey, there's Emily. That cake was good. Thank you. Next 5 hours of rain, I think I'll just stop and go home. No, that's not what I don't think it's going to do that. Oh, there two larger bands north of you. Oh, well, I probably should check the weather. Oh, I see that. Oh, those aren't going to be down here until later tonight, though. That'll be fine. Okay. Uh, Sam Hutton, congrats on four months of Resort Opera bronze. Love the park. Thanks, Sam. Appreciate that. All right. Well, let's go. I think I can watch Philar Magic, can't I? Yeah, surreamers do it all the time. Let's go do that. We don't usually do it and it's right here and we can do that without getting too too wet. And uh we'll see how it goes. So, let's uh let's spectro to the magic. Not spectro, sorry. Philarn magic, man. Spectro. Wouldn't that be fun? I couldn't even Okay. I was all dried off at dinner, too. Bummer. Molly and Emily, congrats on 25 months of reser bronze. Hey Josh, what was the name of the fellow YouTuber you're with? Uh John was his name uh from Fun to be free. Super nice guy. Okay. Ah. Okay. So, let's go this way. Sitting at our resort debating on heading there in the rain. Yeah, it's it's pretty wet, guys. Not going to lie. Cannot tell a lie. Okay. I hope it's not electrifying. That's the one thing we don't want. Uh, Phil Magic probably is a copyright peg, but you know, it's Christmas season. Everything gets copyright claimed in Christmas season. A lot of these companies with copyrights, they make their money in Christmas season because of all the copyrighted Christmas music that plays everywhere. So, it's all good. Who's this Phil person? What does the magic do? His name's Phil. Phil Har Magic. First name Phil, last name Har Magic. He's got that har magic. Hello everyone, it's me har. Welcome to the fantasy land at home today. Oh, by the way, we're in 1440p tonight. Mickey Mouse conducting the Bill Magic Orchestra. I just can't wait to see Mickey. He always looks so handsome. Yeah, we can do a people mover monsoon here in a little while. There is a few people though like Okay. I got to grab my Opry glasses. I love that they still have these here. Still have the old school 3D or nobody DMC has people recording candle light. Actually, they do. Uh we get tons of claims on candle light. So, oh well. I don't want to spend the whole stream focused on that. I'll just get sad. Let's just enjoy the park. Yeah. I guess we'll see if there's any copyright issues. Well, I'll just stop recording, but it'll be fine. It's not like a one and done. It's like you do get a warning, so not too worried about it. I used to kind of avoid it just because it was it did kind of mess up a stream. if you'd work really hard on the stream and then you get that one claim and then it messes up your monetization. But yeah, That's right. Don't put them on until he says so. Yes, I will abide by the rules. I should have brought a towel. Hello. Greetings from Chile. Hello. Yeah, this is a good show, Brad. For sure. time. I hope everybody's having a great night tonight. Hopefully you're drier than I am. Welcome to Spanish Township Hall. Please continue to move forward filling in all of your work space in front of you to allow as many guests to enjoy this performance as possible. For your sake, please remain behind the yellow line of the carpet. The automatic doors to the concert hall will be opening towards you. For our guests in wheelchairs, please enter through the door to the far right. When the doors open, please keep your party together and move all the way into the theater. Please finish or receal all food and drinks before entering the theater. The return can stand located at the bottom of the ramp. Thank you. Chicago is expecting snow. Someone said the George Alabama game's ugly. I heard people talking about that on the Montreal. We're actually um I'm waiting for the IU game tonight. IU Ohio State. We'll see how it goes. Also, if you missed it earlier, I had a video today uh kind of unexpectedly. I'm sure I didn't promote it or anything, but the Nine Dragons restaurant review. Uh, so go check that out if you haven't already done so. It's pretty fun. Uh, here you go. Right here. No, not that one. This one. Yeah. So, go watch. Christopher. Yeah. Pretty happy. I get that. Sorry, I'm gonna make sure the lens is dry. Oh, good. Thanks, Christopher. Merch shopping. Probably not. I don't do a lot of shopping. I save that for Jenna. She does it really well. My sister, she's the pro. Trying to dry off the screen so I can see you guys. That's better. Should have brought a towel. There we go. It's all right. Ohio State's an absolute wagon. Best of luck. Yeah, I know. I don't know why they're always so good. I I you man, it's their turn. It's our turn. Come on. Now they're both 12 and0. We'll see how it goes. Right now, Ohio State's a four-point favorite, but hey, anything can happen on the field. He's a pretty scrappy team. Just glad my alma moater is finally good at football. No, I I went to sleep last night. I didn't have any uh didn't have any issue going to sleep. Jenning your sister. Yes. Yeah. Robert, a towel is very important. I'm going to start bringing one. Here we go. All right. Off we go. It does look like the rain is starting to uh we're starting to get through it. So, it's it's going to be a little longer, but maybe after this we'll walk to uh I don't know. We'd have to get pretty wet, but maybe Carousel of Progress. That'd be fun. special offering glasses till someone tells you. Hello everyone and welcome to the Venice Land Concert Hall. As you make your way inside, please choose a row and make your way back two of the way down your row towards the back. Allow as many guests to enjoy this performance as possible. You're good. For the safety and courtesy of our guests and rabbis, please refrain from climbing over one another and simply just make your way about twothirds of the way down that row, filling in all those empty seats. Every seat in this theater does offer a great view of our show. Thank you for your cooperation and enjoy the show. Yes, thousands of hours. Yes, that's true. If you're still coming in, it's great to see you. Bright line. Bright line is great and move yourself all the way across. Bright line is a great experience. You show them how it's done. Okay. Yeah, I did a whole vlog about the Bright Line. I did. It was awesome. All right, let me put on the uh 3D lens here. Give me just a second, guys. Clean off the lens. Okay, I got it. That's better. Put your glasses on. Hello everyone. We ask that you please refrain from eating, drinking, or using flash photography during today's performance. All right, put on your opera glasses because it's time to present Maestro Mickey Mouse and the Bill Magic Orchestra. Mickey, the orchestra's missing. It's showtime. Showtime. Well, I got to open the curtains. You're not ready. I can't hear you, Mickey. Don't wake up. It's show time. Don't forget the orchestra. And don't touch my A final point on I'll show you those. Heat. Heat. It is with deepest pride and greatest pleasure that we welcome you tonight. And now the dining room proudly presents your dinner. Be our guest. Be our guest. Put our service to the test. Tie your napkin around your neck. Sherry and we provide the rest. Soup to jeul. Why? We only live to serve. Try the gray stuff. It's delicious. Don't believe me? Ask the dishes. horse one by one till you shouting love and we'll sing you off to sleep as the rock your feet are Heat. Heat. Heat. Cool. Look at this stuff. Isn't it neat? Wouldn't you think my collection's complete? Wouldn't you think I'm the girl, the girl who has everything? I've got gadgets and gizmos of plenty. I've got Who's it and what's it gal for? You want thing of I got 20, but who cares? No big deal. I want more. I want to be where the people are. I want to see want to see them dancing walking around on those what do you call them? Oh my feet. When's it my turn? Would I love to explore that above? Watch and you'll see. Someday I'll be part of your like the king was before. I'm brushing up or looking down. I'm working on my the robber and inspiring people. Oh, I just can't wait to be Everybody look left. Everybody look right. Everywhere you look in the burn to be just can't wait to be just can't wait to be. Wow, that happened. What color is the sky? I'm You tell me that it's red. I'm Where should I put my shoes? You say I'm You make me the way you keep me guessing. the law that you make me. It is just a  crazy in the sense that you're not making a shaking. You're just Angel to touch it. Here we go. When there's a smile in your heart, there's no better time to start. We do leave the world behind. Goodbye. Goodbye. I can show you the world. Take you wonder by wonder. Over, sideways, and under on a magic carpet ride. A whole new world, a new fantastic point of view. No one to tell us so of where to go or see. We're only dreaming. A whole new world. A whole world. That's where we'll be. A thrilling chase. Wondous place for you and me. Heat. Heat. Time. Wow. Thank you. I sure hope you like the show, everybody. Oh, and on your way out, please put your hungry glasses in the special containers near the exit. Thanks, and have a So fun. It's been a while since I've seen that. It's a great show. I love it. I love all the inclusion of all the uh classic Disney songs in there. Whole new whole new world, part of your world, loco, all the great songs. Have a magical night. And of course, you can fly. Good stuff. Good stuff. I hope it looked okay on the stream. It was hard for me to see, but had the screen turned down so it didn't bother people too much. Hope that it looked all right. Hey, Benjamin. Yeah, it's really cute. Let's see how we're doing. Oh, hi everybody. Now that you're here, ending in 24 minutes. Wow, that's like Back to the Future level accuracy. Rain ending in 24 minutes. Please don't go on your special. Good. I'm glad it looked good. Excellent. Sorry. Oh, I'm glad, Matt. I'm glad it's one of your favorites. It's a good one. Angry Donald. All the instruments. All right. Well, we're going to figure out what we need to do here. Maybe we can we can go to Tomorrowland and do carousel and people mover. We'll see. I don't know. Hopefully, it's hopefully it's calmed down a little. How do I feel about hitting live floor? I don't know. We'll see. Maybe we could do we could we could have this stream be a doing stuff we don't normally do stream, right? Oh, jeez. It's still It is relentless, guys. All right. It's not as bad as it was, though. So, let's make some let's make some waves and move on here. Make some tracks. Oh, here it comes again. I even knew I knew there was a rain chance and I just to when I left today I totally forgot about it. But it's my fault. Live and learn. Oh, we're just going to we're just going to walk cuz otherwise we're just going to stand around. Those are our two choices. Walk or stand around. I'm not going to rehat for a little bit because it is soaking wet right now. Every time I start walking outside, it just rains harder. Okay. I should have just stayed home tonight. That probably would have been a better idea. Not sure why I didn't just stay home. Oh well. This might not be a long stream. It's like pretty bad. Oh my goodness. Can Georgia beat Alabama? Oh, there you go. Congrats to all the Georgia fans out there. Except that so gross. Worst part about the rain is that you can't see. Keeps getting in my eyes and I can't see. This is how we do it. This is how we do it. 405. Heat. Heat. Oh god. Gosh, I got hit by that waterfall. Feel like I just went under the waterfall of Typhoon Lagoon, man. Practice your dodging the raindrop skill. Yeah, I didn't do very well with that. There it goes. Hi. It's wet. My uncle fault for not bringing an umbrella. standing. It's like the boss battle for raindrop dodging. You lost. Yeah, I definitely did. Very nice. Oh, here we go. Thanks, Michael. It's a lot better than the snow. I don't know about that. I don't know about that. I'd need a coat, but you know, otherwise the snowfall doesn't quite get in your eyes the same way. I don't I don't mind the cold necessarily if I if I am appropriately dressed for it. Man, I don't like the cold if I'm, you know, wearing short sleeves. Obviously, I'm not I'm not a robot, but I don't mind bundling up and being in the cold. Now, it's going to be cold in here because I'm soaked. Yeah, we may we may be out of here after the fireworks. Let's see. Let's go. I might go over here. Okay. B. That's all I have to say about that. And let's see. Let's come over here. We got a good shot right here. Welcome to Walt Disney Carousel in Progress. The show is about 20 minutes and the theater rotates several times. Since we cannot save the entire show, we ask that you please exit now through the doors at the back of the theater because once the show starts, you will not be able to enter safely. Thank you. Once again, welcome to Walt Disney Par. This will be your last chance to exit if you cannot save the entire show. If not, please remain seated at all times. Supervise all children and enjoy the show. Welcome to Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. Oh, you're in for a real treat. The Carousel of Progress was Walt's own idea from beginning to end. He loved it. He introduced the show at the World's Fair in New York City in 1964, and it was an immediate smash hit. Millions of people came to see it and since then the Carousel of Progress has had more performances than any other stage show in the history of American theater. You know, Walt loved the idea of progress and he loved the American family and he himself was probably as American as anyone could possibly be. He thought it would be fun to watch the American family go through the 20th century experiencing all the new wonders as they came. and he put them together in a show called Carousel of Progress, which we are now about to see. Although our Carousel family has experienced a few changes over the years, our show still revolves around the same theme, and that's progress. May the century begin. Oh, man. He follows his dream. And when it becomes a reality, it's a dream come true for you and me. So there's a great big beautiful tomorrow. Shining at the end of every day. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow. It looks like the robins are getting ready to celebrate Valentine's Day today. What year is it? Oh, right around the turn of the century. And believe me, things couldn't be any better than they are today. Yes, sir. Buildings are towering now as high as 20 stories. and moving pictures flicker up on a big screen. We have almost 8,000 automobiles in this country and we can travel by train from New York to California in less than 7 days. And I even hear tell about two brothers from North Carolina who are working on some kind of flying contraption. It'll never work. Closer to home, we've now got gas lamps, a telephone, and the latest design in cast iron stove. And that reservoir keep five gallons of water hot in just three buckets of coal. Oh. Oh, that sure beats chopping wood. And isn't our new ice box a beauty? Look at that. Holds 50 lb of ice. Milk doesn't sour as quick as it used to. And our dog Rover here keeps the water in the drip pan from overflowing. It wasn't too long ago we had to carry water from a well. And thanks to Progress, we've got a pump right here in the kitchen. Of course, we keep a bucket of water handy to prime it with. Yes, sir. We've got everything we need to make life easier. Say, mother, I was reading about a fellow named Tom Edison who's working on an idea for Snap on electric lights. Electric lights? No more kerosene. No more gas. Sarah sure gets to the core of the apple. But we do have this new wash day marble. Now it takes me only 5 hours to do the wash. Imagine it used to take two days. Oh, that's right, folks. Now Sarah has time for other things like and cleaning the oven. Yes, dear. I know, dear. And they probably never will. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get the laundry off the line before it starts raining cats and dogs. Don't worry, Rover. She didn't mean real dogs. Besides, it's not going to rain today. My Lombago isn't acting up. I say I told you so. Boy, you got to come down. All you have to do is put your wash on the line, right? Oh, well, the sistern was low anyway. Wow. We look at that. Now, James, I thought I told you to ask my permission before using my new stereoscope. That's not a toy, you know. Ooh la la. So, that's little Egypt doing the hoochie coochie. Hey, Dad. Isn't she a knockout? She's the star of the new World's Fair in St. Louis. And you put that away before your mother finds her. Come on, Dad. You heard me. Well, we have one of those new talking machines. Now, that is something. It plays music right here in our home. There's a great big beautiful. She keeps that thing going all day. Progress. Oh, Papa. Yes, Patricia. Papa. All these people. I'm I'm indeent. Don't worry, Patricia. They're friends. That's our teenage daughter. She's getting ready to go to a Valentine's dance across town on one of those new horseless trolleys. I think it's very romantic you're taking mother out for Valentine's dinner this evening. Well, you know what kind of sport I am? I only hope I have an evening as romantic as yours and my Now you be home by 9:00, daughter. You hear me? Yes, Papa. Oh, well, with all this talking, I've worked up quite a thirst. I think I'll take one of those new fangle trolleys down to the drugstore soda fountain and meet the boys for a cold sasparella. Oh, uh, I'm sorry. I forgot. We're drinking root beer now. Same kind of thing, different name. Well, that's progress for you. And, uh, speaking of progress, there's a great big beautiful tomorrow shining at the end of every day. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow. Tomorrow is just a week away. Man has a dream and that's the start. He follows his dream with mind and heart. And when it becomes a reality, it's a dream come true for you and me. So there's a great big beautiful tomorrow shining at the end of every day. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow just a dream away. Boy, hottest Fourth of July we've had in years. We've come a long way though since the turn of the century over 20 some odd years ago. You know that pilot fell Charles Lindberg? He's about to fly a single wing airplane all the way across the Atlantic. He's never going to make it. And sports stadiums are springing up all over. And boy, nobody hits that old horsehide like that new fella, Babe Ruth. Jazz music is the cat's meow. And there's been ads in the paper for months for a movie starring Al Jolson. And he's going to talk and sing. Boy, I've got to see that. There goes Schwarz in his Huffmobile. He sure loves that horn. You know, in my new Essex, I've got an electric starter. Now I don't have to crank. We can travel from New York to Los Angeles by train in only 3 days. And we've got a house full of new electrical servants. Mr. Edison sure added life to our home. Go there, you'll blow a fuse. That's the third one this week. I buy fuses by the case. Uhoh. And I blown the whole neighborhood again. Easy, Rover. Jimmy, hurry up with that fuse. Shucks. Every time he has company, he blows a fuse. And guess who always has to change it? I heard that, young man. I heard that. Oh, well, that's more like it. John, yours is the last costume I've got to finish before the parade starts. Sarah's Ladies Club is responsible for our town's Fourth of July celebration tonight. She's got us all roped into performing in their program. I decided we're going as George and Martha Washington, dear. Oh, the father of our country. That's a role that really fits me. You know, I'm so glad we installed an electric light fixture here on the porch because it's just too darn hot to be sewing inside. Yes, Sarah. You know, next year I'd like to go as Benedict Arnold. Wait until you see what I've got planned for the fireworks show tonight. Grover, don't interrupt while Sarah's interrupting. And guess who volunteered to choose the music for the program? I didn't pop. Listen to this. Oh, that's a nice tune, Jimmy. You know, with our new Crossley radio set, we can get news and big time entertainment from all over the country, even Pittsburgh. starting to spectacular. Oh, Patricia. Yes, father. Better get a move on. The radio says folks are arriving downtown. Do I really have to go? If my new boyfriend Theodore sees me in this, it'll scare him away. Well, dear, if that happens, you'll always have that torch you can carry for him. Oh, father. Calm down, Rover. I was only kidding. By the way, we have indoor plumbing now. Oh, boy. That's really great on cold nights, especially for our perennial house guest, old Uncle Orville. Uncle Orville's taken over the coolest spot in the house, of course. And he's rigged up a real clever contraption. He calls it air cooling. Too bad he's not reading the help wanted. No privacy at all around this place. Sorry, Orville. You know, considering all the Oh, coming Martha, as I was saying, considering all the conveniences we now have, I'll say that we're really on easy street these days. It just can't get any better. Just goes to show that there's a great big beautiful tomorrow shining at the end of every day. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow. And tomorrow is just a dream away. Man has a dream and that's the start. He follows his dream with mind and heart and when it becomes a reality, it's a dream come true for you and me. So there's a great big beautiful tomorrow shining at the end of every day. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow. just a dream away. Well, it's another Halloween here in the fabulous 40s. Everything is better than ever now, and we've got some amazing new wonders around the house to prove it. For instance, our refrigerator holds more food and ice cubes. And thanks to our automatic dishwasher, oh, I don't have to dry the dishes anymore after supper. gives Rover and me more time to enjoy our evening stroll together. Later, boy. Oh, and here's something else that's new. I just heard a new term today on the radio. Fella says, "We've got something now called the rat race." Did you ever hear that one? It sure describes my life. I'm involved in something now called commuting. I drive into the city for work all day and then turn right around and drive all the way back. And the highway is crowded with fellow rats doing the same thing. That's what they call progress, dear. Yeah, I guess she's right. But we do have television when it works. Gives you something to do after you come home. I kind of like it, you know. Guy named John Cameron Sees gives us all the news and then they have all this singing and dancing. A lot of fluff, but it's fun. You know, I predict the day when millions of people will learn Latin and Greek sitting in front of their TV sets. Are you awake, dear? Give him a lift, you big love. Ah, yes. A new age of electronic civilization is upon us. Hey, Dad. What do you think of my jackalantern? Wo! Boy, that's scary. That's cuz I'm using my beautiful sister Patty's picture for a model. Down, Rover. Jim, Rover appreciates your joke. Now you're always kidding. Poor Patty. She's certainly prettier than either of you. You hear that? My daughter Patty is using that old exercise machine. she rescued from the attic was all the rage in the 20s. Grandma, of course, had to have one. Didn't work then, doesn't work now. Consistent at least. Makes a lot of noise and blows fuses. As I was saying, I think college is really swell. You should give it a try. Oh, Patty, are you going to the Halloween party than I? Oh, yeah. And I'm probably going to lose a few more inches by then, but going with that girlfriend. Well, what a clutch. She's coming as a headless horseman. Come on, Ben. That claw Howard you're going with is no rather jacket ride. Oh, poor Howard. I wonder what they said about me when I was dating Sarah. You're lucky, Rover. You don't have to date. Well, we're caught up in the do-it-yourself craze these days. We're remodeling our basement of something called a a rumpus room. And we're looking forward to a few rumpuses, I'll tell you. As long as they don't get out of hand. John, this papering is getting out of hand. I could use a little help. Now, Sarah, didn't I set up that clever automatic paint stirring machine for you? Yes, John. You're a genius. Of course, this will ruin my food mixer. Not that you'd care. Oh, good old Sarah. Always the last laugh. What happened, Sarah? You in your progress. That paint next to yours just slashed paint across my room. A rumus a room. How do you like that? I always say if you're going to be married, marry a girl with a sense of humor. Well, it's time to move on. Let's cheer up Sarah by singing our song. Come on, everybody. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow shining at the end of every day. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow and tomorrow's just a dream. He follows his dream with my heart. It's a dream come true for you and me. So there's a great big beautiful tomorrow shining at the end of every day. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow. Isn't it a pleasant holiday? Oh, turkeys on the oven. It's peaceful and quiet. Yes. 300 points. My best score yet. Well, it was peaceful until Santa brought that new virtual reality space pilot game. Your turn, Grandma. Let's switch the image over to the TV so the resident flying ace can show you how it works. Now, it's a little tricky. Just use your game glove to fly behind the other guy and blast him with your laser blaster. Laser blaster? Well, I'll give it a try. Take a look around, Grandma. You're in the ship. Feels like I'm really there. Okay, get ready. You're about to blast off. Here goes nothing. Whoa. All right, here it comes. Oh, you missed him. Hey, everybody. I'm done programming our new voice activation system. Now, all our household items will do anything we tell them to do. You're right. Tell a refrigerator to bring me a roof here. Well, it can't quite do that. But I'll show you something it can do. Tree lights 30% brighter. Oh, that's no big deal. Anybody can do that. Voice activated stuff. Watch this. Roll it. Speak. John, the oven should respond to your voice commands now. Give it a try. Oh, okay. Here goes. Temperature to 375. Temperature increased to 375. Look at that. It even talks back. Reminds me of certain people I know. Yeah, right. Dad, you got a losing, Grandma. Bank to the right. Remember Dad's turkey last year? Yeah, that thing really smoked up the place when it burned, didn't it? We ended up microwaving frozen pizzas. Well, no need to worry about the turkey this year. Not with an oven that will do anything your father tells it to do. Oh, good shot. Did you see that, Dad? Grandma's up to 550 points. Did you say 550? Hey, she's getting the hang of that thing. I can't believe all the new gadgets they've got now. You know, in my day. Oh, no. You're not going to tell us about the old days when you didn't even have a car phone. For a while we didn't even have a house phone. Not to mention laser disc TV. Everything's automated. No privacy. It's all around this place. Sorry. Anyway, you guys know how good you got it now. You know, my grandpa told me the very same thing when I was a kid. Take that, you napoo. Hey, check it out, Dad. Grandma's up to 975 points. Wow. 975 mode overload. Jack, what's wrong with the oven? What? Uh uh. Complete. Enjoy your meal. Anyone for pizza? Oh, another Christmas turkey ruined. Man, what a game. I really smoked those guys. Looks like I'm resident flying ace now. Oh, best two out of three, Grandma. Later, kid. Boy, that was fun. What will they think of next? Who knows? We've got a whole new century waiting for us out there. Yeah. And maybe sometime in the new century, your father will learn how to talk to our oven. Well, maybe by then ovens will read our minds. But hey, as long as we're all here and happy and together for the holidays, who cares if I burned our Christmas turkey? I do. I'm starving. Don't worry, Dad. Someday everything's going to be so automated, you won't ever have to cook another Christmas turkey again. There's a great beautiful tomorrow at the end of every day. There's a great beautiful. Please remain seated until the door is open. You are more than welcome to reride and watch the entire show again if you would like to stay under the rain for a little bit more time. If you choose to stay, you left the safety for a 20-minut show. You cannot exit through in the middle of the show. But if you are not choosing to stay, please exit and cross that yellow line on the ground and do not stop in the middle of and block the doorway. Thank you. Thank you for joining us on Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. We hope you've enjoyed this tribute to the 1964 carousel project from the New York World's Fair. Please gather all of your personal belongings and exit through the doors located at the back of the day. All right, there you go. Yeah, somebody was standing up. Not good. All right. Well, that's a thing. That's a thing we do. All right. I guess we're going to go right people mover. I was just getting dried off, but it's going to be raining for a lot longer. It sounds like supposed to be done in 24 minutes, but it's not going anywhere right now. So, uh I don't know. Hold on. Let's just All right. Well, rain ending in 35. See, it's not not moving enough. What do we got? What's the radar? It's not moving south enough. It's just like basically just Yeah, it's trolling us right now. Yep. How many people we got in chat there? 1,400. Love that. Thank you. Now I got to decide whether to get soaked or just stand here. Get soaked. Yeah, exactly. Right. Got to go through the waterfall. Yep. I mean, I've got all the stuff. I've got the umbrellas. I've got the ponchos. I just I just don't bring it in the winter a lot of times. And I did not think to bring it today, so it's all good. Uh, we may wait just a minute longer. Matt Thompson says Autotopia Speedway is a walk-on. Yeah. Yeah, I think it is. I've ridden it when it's raining before when I have my poncho. I'm kind of stubborn about buying one cuz I have like four at home, but you know, it is what it is. I just kept thinking it was going to be done soon. So, anyway, whatever. It's fine. And please don't send don't send anybody to buy a poncho. I I can do that if I want to do it. I just I'm kind of choosing not to right now out of sheer stubbornness. That's a carousel progress. That's what we had before. It was lighter. I mean, we're not going that far, I guess, but still. There's like a big dance party for nobody. It's a nobody dance party. It's not even a DJ. We've had no rain for like two months and then tonight. Crazy. It will stop raining the second you buy a pono umbrella. Maybe I should go buy one now then. I know you're right. All right. Whatever. We're all in this together. You heard the song. Except for nobody's there to be in this together. There's nobody there. Oh, look. It's a lake. Cuz that's what we need. That's amazing. I'm so happy about that. I'm going to wait for these people to go by and then I'm going to go around. Ah, that was better. That was better. What is this? Okay, it's rain. That's what it is. Rain past 900 p.m. Okay, I'll keep watching it. If that's the case, I'll probably just head home. I love you guys, but I'm kind of done at this point. It's my It's my fault. I'm not mad. I'm just It's just one of those things that happens. over here. But yeah, if it's only 30 minutes or something, I can probably deal with it. But we'll see. I just didn't come prepared and that's is on me but we'll remember next time. Jumpro masters in occupational therapy this evening. Wow. Congratulations. That's awesome. Everybody congratulate Jumpiro. That's a very big deal. I know you worked hard for that. Good job. Give us updates if you see anybody floating down the street. I will. I'm going to have to get my canoe out here pretty soon. I wonder if they got those Tom Sawyer Island rafts. Oh, too soon. I don't know. Grab a Tom Sawyer Island raft to get around the park. Dark humor. I'm actually surprised there's still so many people here. James Han 25 for Platinum. Thanks for all the great streams, both dry and wet. I have to turn in now working early tomorrow. Uh, tomorrow morning. Cheers. Thanks, James. One. Thanks, James. How many? Yeah. R America refilled. It's actually There's no river there anymore at all. It's just a dirt. Please keep moving through the queue. Everyone as far as you can. Watch your steps. Right here. Watch your steps. At least the rain's not blowing, so it shouldn't it shouldn't be too bad. H well, you can really see it there. Oh, we'll do some sponsors before I forget if this is a short stream. We got mickeyras.com if you want to book your next trip to Walt Disney World. Maybe it'll be drier. Um, just go to mickeytras.com. That's mickeytravels.com and mickeyblog.com for the latest Disney news. Remain seated at all times keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors, which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. This is the TTA blue line non-stop service around Tomorrowland. Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the people presented by Enterprise. I'm or your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow. And my stars, is there ever lots to see? Spacecraft to monster. There's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders. Transfer to Green and Red Line. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future. I find two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny borak. Sorry, I was trying to wipe off the lens. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except actual stars. Those are the owners. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron White Cycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Oh, they shut down the speedway. It's not even operating. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. This is Starboard 75 or as we call it space. Our high speed rocket fuel to distant deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The cold moons of Pisces 7. You H2 owe it to yourself today. Please continue. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. paging Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so is the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Take the time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people journey has nearly come full. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're conclude, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow today. See you in the future. This is the GTA blue tomorrow. to step on the moving platform. Look like the rain's almost done. Let's ride it one more time. We'll do a little double people mover. I think if I can get dried off. I'm a little drier now after riding it. Even though it's cold, I'm like soaked and cold. So, I have to take all my vitamin C when I get home. I'll teach me not to be prepared. I usually just want my backpack to be lighter so I don't carry like umbrellas every time and I don't carry sweatshirts every time because it just gets heavy with the umbrella. It's a security thing because you got to have it out or it it sets off the security, you know, metal detector things. So, oh, let's try it one more time. My phone says 12 minutes, but we'll see. Step onto the platform with stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and Timmy and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. All right. Working for Disney. No, I haven't thought about that. I like just enjoying the parks. I love that the cast members all here do, you know, do a great job and we're thankful for them. But no, I haven't I don't personally want to work here. I think I just enjoy doing what I do. So, That's awesome, Benjamin. Like your family likes those two rides. They're great. Carousel and beep mover are great rides. Here, I can probably put the wind screens on now so you're not getting that wind noise. Stay clear of the doors, which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. Please step carefully onto the moving platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times. Yeah, the park's pretty empty. Look at the way still 35 for jingle cruise though. Pirates for haunted open. The crazy one is only 24 um mountain. This is the TTA blue line non-stop service around Tomorrowland. Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. 54 act 5. Your guide aboard this highway in sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow. And my stars, is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today. For your safety, if you have wheels, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. They need it. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Trader. Attention travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. And my shorts are still soaked. See the line between wet and dry here? Yeah. Tiana. Oh my goodness. It's a walk-on for good reason. Because who wants that? Attention travelers. Your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Yeah, I think if I had found a way to stay dry, it wouldn't be as cold right now. I'm still pretty u pretty wet. Oh, thanks, Susan. Yeah, I probably will. I'm probably I've only got about an hour till fireworks. So, I'll probably stay till fireworks and then then I'll go I'll just go early tonight just so I can get dried off. Totally my fault. But, you know, we still have fun. So, I think let's make sure Happily Ever After is at 9:00. We we we can do Pirates and Haunted and stuff and then we'll call it a night after fireworks. Well, at least I'm dry. Evac, evac. Yeah, I mean, I'm fine with that. I just remain seated. Oh, something's on the track. My cast members going to get it. I mean, that's just what I'm assuming. Yeah, it says nine. Okay, cool. I was going to stay and film a relaxing stroll at night, but I want to keep putting stuff in. Um, the uh relaxing stroll channel. By the way, subscribe to Resort TV 24/7. Um, I've got new streams on there, new new relaxing strolls on there all the time. I filmed one this afternoon. So, lots of stuff. So, just check it out. It's a lot of fun. Attention travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. Flashback to a great movie ride and go singing in the rain. There you go. Why not? Water, rain, outdoor rides, the grounding, electric has to be insane. Oh, I'm sure it is. Hello from South Carolina. Can you believe all the announcements this past Wednesday for the parks next year? Yeah. Yeah, it's going to be pretty cool. You know, nothing super major, but there's a there's a few cool things. But yeah, the ambient 24-hour stream. Thank you, uh, Classy Disney Mom, for putting that in there. We've got the relaxing stroll stream and then we've got the, um, Christmas stream, so they're all good. Oh, and Jenna, by the way, has a, um, Disney Character Warehouse shopping vlog tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. So, uh, even if you're not available to watch the vlog, whether you're whether you're sleeping or whether you're at church tomorrow, whether you're at at 9:00, if you can't watch it tomorrow at 9:00, uh, watch it later. But yeah, there's going to be Jenna's going to have right on this channel, Resort TV1, Jenna's going to have a character warehouse vlog. So, go check that out. That's funny. Christopher, forgot your infect. Yeah, looks like we're about to go. Oh, maybe not. Okay. Anyway, go check that out tomorrow at 9:00. Jenna's Character Warehouse vlog where there's um Character Warehouse is the outlet store for Disney. Um and it's it's not on Disney property. It's at the premium outlets or uh there's one I don't know Vineland outlets or something. I don't know. But there's a couple of them actually. Either way, she's going to go to there and she's going to show you what kind of cool stuff they have. It's super discounted, too. Anything Disney can't sell in the parks, they send to the outlet. It's a win-win because, you know, stuff doesn't go to waste and people can get stuff for a good price. So, it works out well. Um, so anyway, um, a couple other couple other things we can talk about some of our other awesome sponsors as we sit here and wait. We have, um, we already talked about mickeyras.com. We also have resorttv1homes.com. That is resorttv1homes.com. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, just go to resort tv1homes.com. Your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. Oh, that's so glad. Warrior family, you like Resort TV 24/7. Anyway, for Resort TV1 Homes, just go to resortv1homes.com. resortv1homes.com. Click on contact us and uh one of our amazing realtors will get back to you. Uh we are brokered by EXP Realy and uh we would love to uh have you contact us if you're moving to Central Florida. Just go check out resortv1homes.com. Again, that's resorttv1homes.com. What else do we have? Oh, Davis DVC rentals. If you want to find your dream home, no, I'm sorry. If you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, just check out davdc rentalals at DVCrequest.com/tv. That's dvcreest.com/tv. If you want to find a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, even if you're not a member, check out Davis DVC Rentals at dvcrequest.com/tv. Might as well get them done. Uh, congrats on 23 months of resort oper. How's it going tonight, Josh? Looking a little soggy. Hoping the rain in soon for you. Thanks for streaming. Thanks, Scott. Yeah, I think we're actually um I think it's done. Just got to get off the ride here. Oh, yeah. Christopher, the the new tricks with the hitchhiking ghost. Yeah, the head swapping. I always love that. They've been doing that one for a little while, but sometimes it's intermittent. It depends on what day it is or it's kind of random. Please remain seated at any moment now. Once again, This one, the people stopper. Um, also, let's do a couple more. We just talked about Davis DVC rentals. Let's talk about Behind the Ride on Amazon and Disney Demystified on Amazon. If you want to find out more about how your favorite attractions were created here at Walt Disney World, just check out Behind the Ride on Amazon or Disney Demystified on Amazon. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. So, yeah, that's Behind the Ride on Amazon and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Go check them out. great books you can download or buy even you can buy a hard copy of them. We also have Dream Table. Uh Dream Table's an amazing app that helps you find reservations, the hardest to find reservations at the Disney parks, any Disney park. Um and it definitely is amazing. You can set your times for what you want and then you're able to actually u have it search for you and instead of you continuing to search for what you're looking for, it searches for you and here. So here like here's how here's like it shows you some things. So like say here, let's see if I want to do Cinderella's royal table. Okay, here we go. So if I want to do let's do a party of two. Uh let's do a date. Uh, attention travelers, for your safety, please remain seated right motion at any moment now. Once again, please remain seated right motion at any moment now. Uh, let's just do lunch create alert. Okay, so now it's going to tell me. Good news is it doesn't book the table for you. Uh, it just tells you if it's there. So, it's searching. So, we'll see if it comes up with anything. But, it keeps searching for you over and over again. It may not find anything, but it does all the hard work. So that's uh just go to the app store and search for dreamtable or go to their website dreamtable.co. That's dreamtable.co. Really cool stuff. Okay. Well, I'm starting to dry off and warm up. My t-shirt's still kind of wet. If I brought an extra one, that would have been good. But any moment now. Yeah. Okay. Oh, well, it's a nice view, I guess. At least the rain stopped. So, no, it's not on Google Play, unfortunately. It's just on iOS for right now. Attention travelers. Your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. If the is the new pirate lounge open, can you go warm up the hot rum? I know, right? That hot chocolate would come in handy tonight, too. I mean, I'm sure I could go buy some somewhere. I'm okay for now. Attention travelers for your safety please remain seated at any moment now. Sure. That's what they all say. My phone shows super hard rain at 9:30. Yeah. So, I'd probably get out of dodge pretty quick after fireworks then. We'll see. I enjoyed the gear talk earlier when you were on the live stream of fun to be free. Oh, cool. Yeah, you know, it's fun to uh talk about that kind of stuff. Yeah, Indiana just getting ready to start. I saw that. Well, we have a couple more sponsors. We might as well get them done. We have um wait time displays and wait time TVs. They're incredible, incredible um devices that allow you to live the parks when you're here at home. So that's kind of fun. So go check that out. Uh if I can find it. There we go. So yeah, wait time signs, wait time displays, wait time TVs. All you have to do is go to weightsigns.com. Again, that's weightsigns.com, use code resort 15 for 15% off. Weightsigns.com, use code resort 15. Check this out. You can get your own private fireworks and stay dry. So, that's kind of fun. Sorry about the reflection reflections of Josh. Yeah, there's no way around it. Okay. Oh, there you go. All right. And then Oh, the Jollywood. Yeah, Jollywood would be rough tonight. You can make it look like you got your own balcony on Main Street. Isn't that fun? So, that'll play on the TV device. the waittime TV or the tablet. There's a little tablet, the weight time display and it does resort TV and it even had your name on it. That's what's so cool. Put your name on it and it'll be like welcome Nelson family and it'll just do it. And then it also shows the wait times for all the different rides and they're up to date. They come through a server. So there's a subscription fee because all that stuff's updated through a server and there's a countdown and there's also the stream multi- view. You can you can watch several streams at the same time. up to four, I think. So, that's super fun. Anyway, go check it out. Weightsigns.com. Use code resort 15 for 15% off. Again, that's weightsigns.com. Weightsigns.com. Use code resort 15 for 15% off. Thanks for hanging with me, guys. I don't know what to do other than just wait. Space Mountains 15 minutes. Keep our flag speed inside the vehicle in freezer. Your arrival will begin. All right, we going pirates is 10 minutes. Let's head over there. Tiana's only 10. I'll take a pass on that. Lisa, I'll take a rain check. Ha. See what I did there? All right. First up, Park Rest City, Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny OAC. On your right is Traers, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except actual stars, those are no longer sold. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Ric Cycle run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks in the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. This is Starboard 75 or as locals call it space, our highspeed rocket for distant deep space destinations. relaxation wash your wings and the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. of icy 7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Book today. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Paging Mr. Marorrow, Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. space. Attention all visitors from Galaxy 831. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. attention all visitors from galaxy M31. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel Progress. As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so is the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Take a show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come full orbit. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're concluding, this is always my favorite part. Cuz now is the time, now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. Today. See you in the future. Heat. Heat. Step inside and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and other attendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and be stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and titty and otherages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step all the car. We made it. Thank you. Please keep arms enter. Okay, it's a little windy, a little blustery. Let's go do Pirates and Haunted and we'll find a fireworks spot. Sounds like a plan to me. Just wish my shirt was dry. It's getting better. Now, we were cleaning up the house all day today, which was really awesome. We did everybody worked really hard and got a lot of things clean, but uh I didn't think to like prepare for the stream very well, so that wasn't good. But that's all right. All right. So, let's go see some pirates about some rum and maybe they'll share. My phone says rain starting in 30 minutes, so that might not be good for fireworks, but we'll see. If that's the case, I'll probably just go. But they'll be back. Even if this stream ends up being a wash out, we'll try again another day. Usually the winter doesn't have too much rain, so that's good. Okay, my shoes not coming untied. Okay, a little breezy. Yeah. Did Mickey's fill her magic, RJ? Yep, I sure did. So, at least it didn't shut the stream down, so that's good. Probably get copyrights afterwards, but that's fine. We'll deal with them. Would assume they didn't do the Frozen Holiday Wish tonight. Wait, do they do that on regular nights? I thought they did. Frozen holiday surprise, whatever it's called. Really enjoyed meeting you last night, Chip. Oh, it's nice to meet you, too. Hope you and your family have a merry Christmas. You, too. Nice cool weather. Yeah. It's been pretty nice, actually. Last night was perfect, which is good. I'd rather Listen, if I had to choose between the two nights being one being wet and one being dry, like, I'd choose the Christmas party to be the better night for sure cuz then I got to enjoy everything except the, you know, except the stage show. But that was my own fault for going to the trying to go to the last show. So anyh who, let's go. Uh, let's go over to Adventure Land and ride pirates. Go IU. See what happens. I'm going to do 43. Well, what whatever happens, IU's had an amazing season, so we'll uh be proud of them no matter what. Like, everybody expects Ohio State to be good. Yahoo! Ohio State's good. What else is new, right? But Indiana, man, they did a they did a turnaround that was historic. Uh, the Christmas vaults. What the hell? Excuse me. Should have brought my uh sweatshirt. He was making Yes. No matter who wins, they'll both be in the playoff. Yeah. Exactly. So they're one of them's going to end the season undefeated and the other one's going to end the season with one loss. So they may get to play again actually. So it may not even matter. May have may have another shot at it. Like say they beat him this time. I you may have another crack at it. We'll see. All right, I'm going to stop and use the restroom real quick while we're here. Give me just a second. Then we'll head over to Pirates. Stay tuned, friends. Be right back. Don't worry, I'll put the regular BRB on. I might after I come back out of it play the weight signs video real quick but once. We'll see. I always tell them I'll play it. They sponsor us so I appreciate it. But either way, I'll play the regular BRB for right now. Be right back. Oh, heat, heat. Heat up here. Oh, I'm Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Oh, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. the extended leave of absence there. I just had to use the restroom and then I had to fix my shoes because uh they got really loose with the I don't know with the rain or something. They were like falling off. Anyway, um yeah, but if I want to play those two little sponsor spots for weight signs, so yeah, just go to weightsigns.com if you're interested in checking those out and use code resort 15 for 15% off. Don't forget the code resort 15 for 15% off. All right, let's go ride some stuff. Looks like we should have fireworks. But question is how much more rain are we going to get? I didn't know the answer and many more questions will be discovered up next. Okay. So then and then I'll go get this. Oopsie. All right. Indiana just got an interception. Nice. Go, go, go, go. I know. It's early. It's early. That's right. back to our regularly scheduled programming after these messages. We'll be right back. Remember that? It's like Saturday morning cartoons or whatever. I think that's what that was from. How many steps do you walk? You're invincible. I'm not invincible, actually. Yes, the ads again. That's part of how we pay for our time to do this. We spend a lot of time doing this and we have to uh be able to support our families with that time that we use. So, thanks for understanding. First down. Awesome. Okay. It was really Wait for us. Nicole, thank you. Let him Let him go ahead. Go ahead. Right this way, please. Right this way for me, folks. All the way this way. Excuse me. That's unclear. How would Disney decide whether to issue a refund? So, they don't by They don't I don't know. That's a good question. I think there's a certain threshold of events canceled that they'll automatically um issue a refund. It's pretty rare, but like if you go to guest services, they will also um issue one probably. So, hi. How are you? Oh, you're fine. It's a live stream on YouTube. Okay. I thought maybe it was. Yeah. Uh, no, we're not streaming the candle light processional. Our friend Brit could not get in. But yeah, um, definitely um, so then if it's if you feel like you didn't get enough out of the party, you can actually ask for a refund too at guest services. So that's another way to do that. But I think Jenna and mom and dad went to one that was rained out one time and it automatically credited I think it credited a park hopper day though for them instead of like a party cuz the parties were all sold out. So then I think they got a free park hopper day which actually mom and dad ended up using during Thanksgiving um because um their tickets were blocked out but they ended up using the park hopper pass which you can use of course on any day. A regular one day park hopper doesn't have a blackout usually. Three to OU. Nice. They scored first. All right. Oh, they took a field goal out of it. That's fine. I suspect that in a game like this, every every point is going to count. Nice. Go. I love it. One. Sure. If LSU doesn't score, IU wins. Can you imagine three to zero, the final score, three to zero? That'd be funny. Yeah, we love the candle light at Disneyland. But don't go anywhere. We'll we'll go see the um happily ever after at some point after this. And watch your children and no flashes. Prepare to make sail. They credit the ticket to a one day ticket for a year. Yeah, that I think that's what they did to mom and dad in Jenna. They don't usually credit another party unless you specifically ask and they have them available cuz usually parties are sold out for special events, but uh yeah, they will credit you with a one-day hopper pass, which is nice, you know, cuz they do say explicitly in the terms and conditions that they won't be responsible for rain or anything beyond their control. Obviously, weather would be one of those things that they can't control. So, yeah, I'm glad that they do that. It's just a a it's a uh an act of goodwill. Keep in your hands, arms, feet, and legs and watches. Pete McDavid. Everybody, the man, the myth, the legend. 2 Heat. Heat. What heat? I know there Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Surrender, Captain Jack, for my thunder will burn the city to the ground. They need fire. Let me turn now. you're talking about the room, don't you? Now you scurvy scout. Do I hear 10? A hand for a 10. Hey, I give you the wrong lover to see the rooftop only. Oh, it's the treasure map for sure. No mistake thunder will never You can't kitty kitty kitty. Heat. Heat. I love you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Lost in black man. They are just watching. Let me gather your treasure. All right, off we go. So, let's um we're going to head over to fireworks. We got about 15 minutes. Should have plenty of time. Tell the world they had the punt. Nice. Good job, IU defense. Still early. Still early. I will say Ohio IU just by a little bit. IU has a little bit of a not a home field advantage, but they're they're definitely closer to home than Ohio State is. The game is played in Indiana, which normally didn't matter because usually it wasn't an Indiana team in the finals, but in this case it is. And so, yeah, Indiana, you know, they're in Indianapolis. They're playing at Lucas Oil Stadium, which is is uh again not a home field, but certainly much closer. All right, here we go. And Let's crank the quality back up here now that we're outside. And there we go. And thank you for the kind words about the lag. Yeah, candle light can be rough. I think is doing it uh tonight. So hopefully he has good luck with the signal. I'll have to go back and watch it later. Oh, it's such a great show. Disneyland Candlelight. I want to go see it in person one of these days. thing is certainly not flying. No, I wouldn't think so. I was lucky enough to meet Pete in MK in October. Nice. Or November, I should say. Can't read. Yeah, Lucas Oil is pretty nice. Of course, I used to go see IU games when it was um when it was uh the RCA Dome. Of course, the RCA dome is gone. They took it down. Lucas Oil built right next to it. And then they took down the they took down the dome. I actually performed a couple times and had bands march in state finals in the RCA dome. Never in Lucas Oil though. I already had left by the time it was finished. I came down here. So, how's your night Tracy? A little wet, but overall not bad. I just I didn't I pulled a knucklehead move and didn't didn't come prepared. Hey everybody. Hey Felix. There's Roxan. Yeah. Asking Pete about how to get the how to get the picture. Yeah. I don't know. Uh I think Pete's got an Instagram. You could probably message him on there. Instagram or Facebook? We did this last night, too. Last minute trying to get over the fireworks, but we're we're just going to go back on the main street tonight. I I don't I If it rains again, they probably won't do either one of the Starlight parades. And it looks like it is going to, but I'm hoping we can get through the fireworks without rain. And then I didn't get to go on Haunted Mansion yet. So, if it if it still if it still hasn't rained or isn't raining, I'll go do uh Haunted Mansion. If it's raining, I'll probably go ahead and call it a night after fireworks because I uh I want to just get home and get dried off. We'll try again next time, you know. Hope here's the 10-minute warning. Is it title? Good evening, trailers of all ages. In just 10 minutes, the Magic Kingdom invites you to enjoy our nighttime spectacular Happily Ever After, presented by our journey begins in just 10 minutes. Oh, Ohio State got an interception. out there trading him back and forth. Quarterback's under pressure probably throwing throwing some things up for grabs. I don't know. I can't I haven't seen it. So, maybe it was just a good throw and a defender stepped in the way. Who knows? But either way, I know both teams have good quarterbacks. That's why or they wouldn't be they wouldn't have made it this far. To the right. So, well, you can tell it's not as crowded because it's actually not as crazy in here as it normally would be. There's plenty more room in here. So, well, thanks for keeping me updated with the game. And of course, Lucas Oil is covered, so weather doesn't matter. It's like 70° in there. It's a balmy 70° and no precipitation. Let's see if I can get through here. Uh, excuse me. Hey Josh, how are you? Good. How are you? Good. Having a good night. I am. I um I'm a special ed teacher in North Carolina. Oh, nice. And I um had a lot of paperwork this week that was just kind of getting to me cuz I'm only a second year teacher. Yeah. And I had a friend who was coming in to Florida this weekend and I called her and I was like, I'm going to come see you this weekend and I planned it yesterday. Nice. Good for you. Yes. Yeah. The paperwork will get you for sure. Paperwork and mandates. And it was so funny. I used to uh you'll appreciate this. I used to work before this in Florida at two two different title one schools. And so there was stuff that you had to do for that to uh I don't remember just all this training and paperwork and things. And so I'd had a percussion teacher who would teach the percussion class for me sometimes. And so like, hey, you get him started. I got to do some stuff for Title One. And every time I said that, he thought I was saying for Todd Owens. And he finally goes, "Who's Todd Owens?" I was like, he's like, "I don't think anybody works here with that name." I was like, "No, Title One." But it was so funny. So now that was the running joke was anytime I had to do something, I was like, "Yeah, Todd Owens." I love it. There's nothing else that I would rather do. And so that part is just like I was like I'm just going to go to business. Oh, trust me. I after being in education for 23 years, I uh I have all kinds of I have all kinds of things that I think about when I And I did band in high school, too. Drum major. Oh, that's cool. Drum major. Nice. Very cool. No, it's um it's a great job for sure. I wouldn't and I wouldn't I wouldn't go back. I wouldn't change it. Um but there are definitely um things that things that will burn you out pretty quickly. I'm 23, so I got to get I got to make sure I get that balance down. Well, you do. You do. And and you have to find the other thing is my best advice would be find make sure you're in a school where you're respected and appreciated and if you're not, go somewhere else. There are lots of other places. I finally have found a place where I think I'm going to retire. So, you know, but it's a private school, so we don't deal with um standardized testing and all that, which is really nice. I do. I definitely had a good team. Yeah, we're good. I'm glad. All right, fingers crossed, guys. Let's see if we get lack of rain. I was actually going to stand here anyway cuz you can see the castle a little better. All right, let's see what we're looking at here. I retired from work in 2008. Nice. Congrats. Well, all the rain. I'm surprised people still there. Yeah, you know, people hanging on. Rain starting in 12 minutes, man. Start the fireworks, guys. Oh, I see it. It's coming. All right. Well, I don't have an umbrella, guys. So, good luck, everybody. Hold on. There it is. Yeah, it's coming. Cool. That's awesome. Mary Can you see around me? Okay. Okay. Oh, nice. Did you want to say hi to him? Sure. Hi, Hi, Dad. Hi, Lindsay. Good to see you. Nice. Good evening of all ages. In just a few minutes invites you to enjoy our nighttime spectacularly ever. There's my mother. Yeah. Four minutes. Always constantly shifting around to try and find the best spot. This is not a bad day, though, because there's there's, you know, people left. I They might, but if it rains at 9:30, that's going to make it rough. I know. I'm sorry. I hope it Yeah, I hope it does. I know in this time of year they don't play, you know, they like even if you're here tomorrow, they won't play it, but I'm sure you got to go back. And then I walk, where's my phone? I'm like, whoa. Hands covered. Come on, Disney. Start the show. Start the show. Start the show. Jeez. It's just going to rain, rain, rain, rain, rain. I do that. Yeah, I'm probably out of here after this, guys. Sorry. I usually stay late, but I'm not not going to get soaked again. Oh no, Ohio State got a touchdown. No, this is like the castle. Three minutes. No, I was just saying they should start the show early so maybe they can finish it before the rain. else. Sometimes they do actually. I'm doing great. Pony o got a peach. Oh my god. Yes, the cl the castle is kind of in the cloud there at the top and the fireworks because of the rain and the the wet weather. It is going to um it is going to definitely be a hazy smoky show. 2 minutes. Yeah. Sorry. I don't usually cut these short, but I'm kind of I'm kind of over it with the rain. I know it's my fault. As as Judy would say, not Judy, sorry. As Ellen would say, uh you think about I'll I'll think about that next time. Thanks, Noah. Thanks, everybody. Yep. I will think about that next time. We live and we learn. Hey, Isaac. Just in time, buddy. One minute. I've This makes me want to hear. Oh, yeah. and may all be living happily ever after. Each of us has a dream, a heart's desire. It calls to us. And when we're brave enough to listen and bold enough to pursue, that dream will lead us on a journey to discover who we're meant to be. All we have to do is look inside our hearts and unlock the magic within. It's ready to begin. Let the wonder take hold you in the moment. It's setting up for a new story. Every step we take a new home. Every choice we make in You will see me. I find I go in Make a wish and hold on. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. be there. My Lord man walk there just one day and then I swear I'll be content with my share. You're destiny lies within you. You just have to be brave enough to see it and then your journey begins to support you. I love you. My only She's coming. I make I know where I can go. But I want you to find me. Let me know what's beyond that. I tell you best friend. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. That's why I That's what friends Is he making every every Everybody's milking for We don't feel that is with my heart. No matter what, you'll be here in my life. Heat. Heat. I see the light of all see if I real and the world is somehow Everything is different. Now crystal rare and beautiful. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I start to push. Look inside yourself. You are more than what you have become. Remember who you are. I have a dream of where the hero will be waiting for me. Where the crowds will cheer when they see my face and the voice keeps saying, "This is where I'm Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. And so our journey comes to an end, but yours continues on. Grab hold of your dreams and make them come true. For you are the key to unlocking your own magic. Now go. Let your dreams guide you. Reach out and find your happiness. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. All right. It's nice to meet you. Oh, it's our pleasure. All right. I'm going to run to Haunted Mansion. I think we'll see you later. Yeah, I think I'm going to do haunted because it's going to be crazy getting out of here and when it starts raining it's going to be even worse. So, at least I'll ride haunted maybe and then hang out for a little bit and then I'll go because I feel like when it starts raining the exit crowd is going to be bad. So, it's going to start raining. Sorry. In a couple minutes. So, so I'll stay on for a little bit longer. I was just thinking during the show, I was like, "This is not good. in a runaway scooter. Things are dangerous, man. Some guy just grabbed a hold of her and got it stopped. Oh, there we go. Thanks everybody. Here, let me turn the brightness up so you can see. That's better. All right, let's go ride haunted real quick. Hopefully we can get there before the rain. We'll give it a chance to clear out a little bit and we'll go home. But I am not staying so close. So far away down this road we chosen. There's no limit. It's a little warmer now. At least feels warmer. All right, there we go. Oh, look at this. Oh, the trees are really pretty there, huh? That's cool. Your happily ever after. Sing it everybody. some of the projectors. No, no, I'm not going to stay to close. No, I'm going to write I'm writing this just to let the uh crazy Montreal lines go down a little bit. I'll probably grab a cookie and a Coke and go home. At least I'm a little warmer now now that I've dried off. Oh, we did pretty good getting through the crowd. We almost made it by the end of the song. Most people are going to leave. It's It's cold and rainy. So, I think the park is going to clear pretty much. Not clear, but it's going to like the number of people here is going to drop drastically. All right. Well, let's see if we can get to the mansion. So, thanks for watching everybody. Yeah. They still gotten a lot done tonight even though it's been a little rough. We keep going. Hey, there's your Hi. There we go. Made it to the line. Now, if it starts raining, at least I'm not that far away from the cover. Yeah, those trees are sparkling. Look really good. And I'm undercover. Yay. Can't see anything over there because of the uh walls. So, this will give this will give the uh Montreal and ferryboat a chance to calm down and get most of the people out. Can you wish my daughter Bailey a happy birthday watching from Philadelphia? Happy birthday, Bailey. I did not get to sing Jordan see Jordan Fischer sing Happily Ever After on the Destiny cruise. I wasn't on that cruise. I was on a different one. I believe he was on the maiden voyage of it which I was on a media cruise. So yeah, it was a little different but it was super cool for anybody that got to see it. That is super super awesome. Please keep moving all the way forward. All the way down. All the way down. Thank you. Thank you friends. That's called a walk. Oh. Oh, let me turn this down. There we go. Have they ever cancelled fireworks midstream? Yes. I think I've even been here when it happens. If there's any kind of a like lightning or safety issue or issue with the electronics or the system, yes, they have for sure. Not often, but they have. All right, here we go. It's very rare. Obviously, the show, you know, as long as we have safety, the show goes on. Mortals to the Haunted Mansion. I am your host, your ghost host. Our tour begins here in this gall here where you see paintings of some of our guests as they appeared in their corruptible mortal state. Kindly step all the way in, please, and make room for everyone. There's no turning back now. Mortals, at this time, please step away from the walls and towards the dead center of the room. Your cadaavverous power betrays an aura of foroding, almost as though you sense a disquing metamorphosis. Is this haunted room actually stretching or is it your imagination? And consider this dismaying observation. This chamber has no windows and no doors, which offers you this chilling challenge to find a way out. Of course, there's always my way. Oh, I didn't mean to frighten you prematurely. The real chills come later. Now, as they say, alive and all together. Where'd he go? All the way out there. I made it. Yeah, as predicted, no Tinker Bell tonight, but that's okay. Hey, Carbo Box. How are you? Welcome to our rainy day Disney World parade. Yeah. Yeah. How fun is that? Little little car thing where the dune buggy would normally be. Enjoy, guys. Do not pull down on the safety bar, please. I will lower it for you. And heed this warning. The spirits will materialize only if you remain quietly seated at all times. Oh yes, and no flash pictures, please. We spirits are frightfully sensitive to brightness. Our library is well stocked with priceless first editions, only ghost stories and poor and marvel busts of the greatest ghost writers the literary world has ever known. They have all retire here to the haunted mansion. Actually, we have 999 happy here, but there's room for a thousand. Any volunteers? If you should decide to join us, final arrangements may be made at the end of the tour. life unlivable here in this country. Every room has warm to me and hot and cold running. Listen. Heat. Give us a gift by ringing the bell. Serpents and spiders. Tail of a rat. Call in the spirits wherever they're at. Rat quality. It's time to respond. Send us a message from somewhere beyond. Goblins and ghoulies from last Halloween happy horns have received your sympathetic vibration to materialize their assembly. Swing and wake and be expecting me. I see Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. This looks so precise. Heat. Heat. There you are. And just in time, there's a little I could do. Beware of hiking ghosts. They have selected you to fill our order and you will continue to return. back. Be sure to bring death certificate if you decide to join us. Make final choice. Now I will raise the safety bar and a ghost will follow you home. All right, that was awesome. Somebody said the Montreal line was crazy long. Yeah. So, I guess I made the right call. I hope it I hope it starts to move soon. I probably head out and uh maybe get a cookie and a Coke for a little bit and maybe just find a place to chill if I need to. But yeah, I think I'm going to I think I'm going to say good night for now. Let's see how the radar looks. It's going to start to get colder, too, with that cold front. Uh but let's just see. Rain starting in 2 minutes. It's weird. Yep. Sure is. Wow. It keep Yeah, it keeps kind of like moving, so that's good. It's kind of falling apart as it gets later, so that's good. All right. Well, I'm going to head down to Main Street. That way, at least I can be close to the exit. Um, so that when the rain stops, I can just go home and get warmed up. But no, it's been a pretty good night. Even though, like I said, I didn't didn't do my homework and didn't get prepared. But it's all good. Hi. How are you? Good. Wanted to drop by and say a quick hello. Yeah. I'm Dave Ber in the chat and uh we're always watching you guys up in Canada. Oh, nice. Good to see you. Saw you on the ride. We wanted to say a quick hello. Absolutely. Hi. Have we met before? We haven't. We Okay. We have just seen you in the chat then. That's it. Okay. Very cool. Did you want to say hi on the stream, you guys? It's up to you. Sure, why not? Yeah. David and what did you say? Catherine. Catherine. David and Catherine from Canada. Yeah. From Canada. Nice. Isaac's in chat. Hello. Thanks for the lyrics. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He's a man. He's a man. Would you mind if we took a photo? Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Here, I can come over there. The baby? Yes. Yes, absolutely. No, I'm with you. I saw you moving that way. I was like, "Nope, we can do that." Thank you so much. And I'll take one more just for safety. And thank you everybody for your patience in the chat there. Cheers. Thanks for everything. Always. Absolutely. We always have you on. I mean, it keeps our dog quiet when we're not in the bathroom. So, we're always replaying your videos. What's his name? Maxwell. Maxwell. How old are you? 13 months. 13 months. Okay. He's been a a day one of Resort TV 1. So, love it. That is so cool. And all the best to your family. Nice to meet you guys. Rain's starting soon, so try and stay dry. All right. See you guys. Hi, Josh. Hi. How are you? I'm Claire. Nice to meet you. Hi. Nice to meet you. Here you go. Get yourself a Coke. I will. Say hi to my son, Ben. He's at home watching. Yes. Hi, Bened. I found him. He moves fast. Yes, I do. I do indeed. Well, thanks for coming out. We watch you every Tuesday night together. Thank you. It's just a blast. Thank you to you and Jenna and everything you do. My pleasure. Where did you say you're from? Um Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Milwaukee. Okay. Yeah. All right. I hope you're enjoying the snow up there. Yeah. All right. See you. See you Monday. Thanks for the gift card and thank you for uh Yeah. watching. Appreciate it. All right, guys. Let's see if we can avoid the rain. It says two minutes, but you never know. See what the lines look like. Just I don't know. You know me. I'm just I can't stop. I can't stop. All right. Okay. No. Peter Pan's 30. That's a That's a no. That's a no. Sound like a Stormtrooper. That's a no. Tron's 80. Put this on. 15 for 15 for uh Space Mountain. That's crazy. If anybody wants to get on Space Mountain, now is the time. As they say, now is the best time. Ah, so nice. The park is so much nicer after some of the crowds start to go home. It's like my literally my favorite other than the fact that it's a little, you know, wet and wet and cold tonight. like cold being relative of course to where people have snow, but because I got wet, I'm feeling cold. Whatever. I'm cold. It doesn't matter. I don't have to justify it. But anyway, um your my point is um it's just nice when the park empties out and you just kind of don't have to, you know, watch out and not have to run into people all the time. And it's just a little more peaceful. I enjoy it. The reefs look nice. Yeah, thank you for watching everybody. Been awesome. Remember, Jenna's got a vlog tomorrow from the Character Warehouse that's going to be up tomorrow at uh 9:00 a.m. Eastern time. I put up a Nine Dragons uh restaurant from Epcot, Epcot's Nine Dragons restaurant review with the Candlelight Package. So, I'll show you what's on the candlelight package and all the things if you're thinking about doing Nine Dragon if you like Chinese, which I know a lot of people do. I did. I enjoyed it quite a bit. Oh, here. Let's get a castle shot. Anyway, really, really, really enjoyed that. It was great. It wasn't announced, so it didn't get a lot of views, but maybe it'll get views later. Or maybe not. Who knows? It is the season for low views. Actually, it's the year for low views. I think YouTube doesn't YouTube very well anymore. Or maybe we just need to do something else. I don't know. Either way, um, if you could watch the video, watch Jenna's video or not, but I appreciate the ones who do. All right. We're going to go I'll walk you down Main Street and then we'll call it a night. I very rarely end before the park closes, but cuz I knew that I wouldn't want to. I think I'm just kind of done, which is just fine. I'm sure I'd be freezing. 64 is cold to me. Lol. It's 30 here. Yeah, 30 is definitely cold, but when you're wet, yes, then a lot of temperatures can be cold when you're wet. It's all relative perception and perspiration. All right, we'll say good night to Castle. Also send you guys over to the uh 247 stream. Please subscribe to Resort TV 24/7. It's my uh one of my one of my other channels. I guess it's my third channel technically, but um technically or go over there and subscribe over at Resort TV 24/7. We have uh relaxing strolls going all day. There's also a Christmas channel there if you want to watch Christmas magic. That'll be fun as well. Hey, Anita. So definitely go check that out. I don't know where Jenna will be Monday. I'm sorry. And there a little higher quality for you guys. We are in 1440 tonight if anybody was able to. All right. Yeah, I should have bought a sweatshirt. I mean, it's it's just not been necessary the last few days, but you know how it is. They might do Starlight. I don't know. I'm not going to hang around to find out. Actually, if it rains again, they probably won't. So, I'm tapping out. I'm calling uncle. take your splitter off. Uh, Berett. Oh, there we go. Uh, congrats on 18 months of Resort Hopper Silver. Thanks for just taking the time to say hello, Josh, Dave, and Catherine from Toronto and Little Max. Yes, it was great to meet you guys. Appreciate you guys saying hello. Canadian hoppers there. That's fun. Uh, have fun, Mr. faster. Oh, yeah. Uh, Classy Disney Mom just posted the 24/7 channel there, uh, the link to the streams. So, and those links don't change as long as the stream doesn't die. So, yeah, you can go watch that and watch Jenny's video tomorrow. My regular videos have just been dying lately. My the my Disney Destiny vlog barely got like what 2500 views or something. Oops. Sorry. So, yeah. Anyway, yeah, that Destiny vlog didn't do very well and this dining review didn't do well, but that's the season. I may, like I said, I may just stop doing stuff for a while and then we'll let it come back on its own. Or or maybe not. I don't know. Definitely need a break. It's just frustrating to work so hard on stuff and then it doesn't get doesn't get watched. So, it's like, well, I'm just going to stop working so hard. But I'll see you guys Tuesday. Hopefully, all goes well. Oh, you know what? I don't know about Tuesday, actually. Um, we got some um I need to help out with a a family member. Somebody's got one of our family members has a doctor appointment. I need to help out with that. So, I don't know about Tuesday. We'll see. If I do go on Tuesday, it'll be late. So stay tuned for that. Thanks, Sandy. I appreciate it. Can you send it set it up to send directly to the Destiny video? No. And I wish I could actually. You can't. Uh YouTube doesn't allow us to send to an existing video. The only things we can send to are a current live stream like the 24/7 that I'm sending you to now. It allows that to a live stream that's currently live or a premiere that is premiering or is about to premiere. So, it has to be quote unquote live uh for you to send people to it. Yeah. I wish they'd let you just send people to another video, you know, if like you like, you know, it makes sense. I I should suggest that to YouTube. Like, if you want to send people to a video you've been talking about on your live stream, you should be able to send people to a regular video even if it's already done. We'll say good night to the Christmas Carol. So, yeah. So, I don't know about Tuesday. We'll see. Maybe not. But I'll be live Friday and Saturday is magical night of hope. magical night of hope.com if you want to find out tickets and things. Thanks Joshua. Dropped it a bad time. No, no, I get it. Everybody's really busy this time of year and there was a lot of Destiny content. So, it's my fault for taking so long to get it out. I was just wasn't very motivated to like edit it cuz I knew it was going to take forever and probably not do that well. So, I was just less I was just not motivated. There's the giant. Sorry to be negative. I'm just kind of just kind of frustrated with stuff, but I'm I'm tired of or I'm uh I don't know. Just guess uh just need a Christmas break. So, but we'll get there. All right. Well, have a good night, everybody. I'm going to uh thank our members here. Feels weird to stop early, but I'm glad it hasn't started raining yet. All right, so we have platinum members. These are people that support us with $50 a month on YouTube. We appreciate it so much. Amy Moore, Grey Rose Adventures, Big Guy One, Stephanie Mertz, Go Many, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer, Mickey, William, Lily, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jaylen Moxy, Cicander Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Dismo, and Alan J. Welcome. Thank you, everybody. Thanks, Jess. I appreciate it. It was a fun video for sure. I had fun. I had fun uh had fun filming the Destiny video. It was a really cool day. So, but so maybe people will see it eventually, but either way, we will see you guys. I don't know, maybe Friday. We'll see. Um, if something happens, if I'm able to do something Tuesday, uh, I'll I'll post something about it, but it would probably be like later, like 7:00 or something. So, or I might just choose to stay home. So, we'll see. But either way, uh, we'll see you soon. There was something else I was going to tell you. Oh, thank you, Mers, for moderating. Thank you, Hoppers, for being awesome. Uh, thank you everybody for all the support. We'll see you over on the 247 channel if you want to go over there. And uh, if not, no worries. We'll see you next time. So, all right everybody. Good night. All right. So, there we go. My hair's all messed up cuz I got all wet. And thanks everybody for saying yeah, you're going to catch up on the vlog. I appreciate it. I know everybody's busy. I get it. I get it. But yeah, so they just mentioned it when you talk about your sponsors. Yeah, that's a good idea. Um, so and YouTube is not doing a good job of recommending stuff. So that's another thing. So it's harder for people to remember. So um because YouTube they really did a good job of recommending videos to people who are subscribed, but they're not doing that much anymore. It's all the channels are having trouble with it. So I we just have to keep reminding people. But uh also if you see a video you like and you want to watch it later, there's a little button you can add it to your watch later list and that actually helps a lot. So then you then you'll remember later. I do that when I see a video and I'm scrolling. I'm like, "Oo, I don't have time for that, but I want to watch it later." I'll I'll actually put it on the watch later list. So, what what a good name, right? All right, everybody. We will see you over on the 247 channel. Thanks for watching. And um I'll be more prepared next time. I promise. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Right here. Go. Go. Sorry.
