---
video_id: mx6IzOY02ks
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Christmas Muppets Special - Kermit & Miss Piggy Sing - It Feels Like Christmas! "
published: 2025-12-25
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mx6IzOY02ks
---
And sometimes we need the Muppets in And sometimes we need the Muppets in And sometimes we need the Muppets in their collective sweetness to remind us their collective sweetness to remind us their collective sweetness to remind us of the power of goodwill towards one of the power of goodwill towards one of the power of goodwill towards one another. Um there's no box seats, so another. Um there's no box seats, so another. Um there's no box seats, so there's no Statler and Waldorf here there's no Statler and Waldorf here there's no Statler and Waldorf here tonight to uh that's a deep Muppets cut tonight to uh that's a deep Muppets cut tonight to uh that's a deep Muppets cut right there for you. Um so without right there for you. Um so without right there for you. Um so without further ado, are we ready? Oh gosh, this further ado, are we ready? Oh gosh, this further ado, are we ready? Oh gosh, this is a big moment. Bring them on. Ladies is a big moment. Bring them on. Ladies is a big moment. Bring them on. Ladies and gentlemen, the Muppets. Hi everybody. &gt;&gt; Kissy kissy everybody. &gt;&gt; Kissy kissy everybody. &gt;&gt; Kissy kissy everybody. &gt;&gt; Hi everyone. How's it going? &gt;&gt; Hi everyone. How's it going? &gt;&gt; Hi everyone. How's it going? &gt;&gt; Oh, merry Christmas. &gt;&gt; Oh, merry Christmas. &gt;&gt; Oh, merry Christmas. &gt;&gt; Can you all hear me? &gt;&gt; Can you all hear me? &gt;&gt; Can you all hear me? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, you know, there's &gt;&gt; All right. Well, you know, there's &gt;&gt; All right. Well, you know, there's nothing better than a song from the nothing better than a song from the nothing better than a song from the Muppet Christmas Carol to get y'all on Muppet Christmas Carol to get y'all on Muppet Christmas Carol to get y'all on the holiday. Yeah. the holiday. Yeah. the holiday. Yeah. Sounds like a song cue to me. Sounds like a song cue to me. Sounds like a song cue to me. &gt;&gt; Well, that's because it is, Miss Piggy. &gt;&gt; Well, that's because it is, Miss Piggy. &gt;&gt; Well, that's because it is, Miss Piggy. Hit it. &gt;&gt; It's in the singing of the street corner &gt;&gt; It's in the singing of the street corner &gt;&gt; It's in the singing of the street corner choir. It's going home and getting warm choir. It's going home and getting warm choir. It's going home and getting warm by the fire. It's true. Wherever you by the fire. It's true. Wherever you by the fire. It's true. Wherever you find love, it feels like Christmas. A find love, it feels like Christmas. A find love, it feels like Christmas. A cup of kindness that we share with cup of kindness that we share with cup of kindness that we share with another. A sweet reunion with a friend another. A sweet reunion with a friend another. A sweet reunion with a friend or a brother. In all the places you find or a brother. In all the places you find or a brother. In all the places you find love, it feels like Christmas. love, it feels like Christmas. love, it feels like Christmas. It is the season of the heart, a special It is the season of the heart, a special It is the season of the heart, a special time of caring, the ways of love made time of caring, the ways of love made time of caring, the ways of love made clear. clear. clear. And it is the season of the spirit. The And it is the season of the spirit. The And it is the season of the spirit. The message if we hear it is make it last message if we hear it is make it last message if we hear it is make it last all year. It's in the giving of a gift to another. It's in the giving of a gift to another. It's in the giving of a gift to another. A pair of mittens that were made by your A pair of mittens that were made by your A pair of mittens that were made by your mother. It's all the ways that we show mother. It's all the ways that we show mother. It's all the ways that we show love that feel like Christmas. love that feel like Christmas. love that feel like Christmas. It's true. Wherever It's true. Wherever It's true. Wherever you find love, it feels like Christmas. It feels like Christmas. It feels like Christmas. It feels like Christmas.
