---
video_id: BkRWC0OCcx8
channel: ResortTV1
title: "NEW Disney Springs Blind Box Store Opens! - Shopping, Unboxing & More! - Walt Disney World 2025"
published: 2025-11-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BkRWC0OCcx8
---
Hey guys, this is Jenna with Resort TV1. Today we're going to go check out an amazing brand new store at Disney Springs. Um, it's called the Disney Drop Shop and it's in the Co-op uh store in Disney Springs. So, come with us. Let's go. Welcome. Going in. Oh, look how cute this is. Oh my goodness. It's right over here. Y. Everybody's excited. Thank you. Oh, here we go. Oh my goodness. This is so cute. Oh my word. Look at me. I'm the pig. Okay. I don't even know where to go to look. Oh, I'm going to need one of these. I'm going to need one of these. 100%. I want him and him. A Look at the plant ones. Okay, I'm going to need one of these. Look at Baymax. $16.99 add to cart. So, they also have Disney trash cans. And yeah, I'm going to need one of these. They are How much are these? $14.99. Oh, that's not bad at all. Okay, add to cart. They also have these little guys. You You fuffy. You fufi. There we go. I don't know how you say, but they're so cute. They're $14.99 for a box. That's actually not bad. You cannot use your discount in here, by the way. Everything is full price as is. We have Star Wars. Look at Boba Fett. My word, Chewy. These are Are these bobbleheads? They kind of look like bobbleheads. These are 1999. These are $16.99. And a lot of people were super excited for these guys. They're $16.99. Look how stinking cute they are. Oh my goodness. And then they've got some more over here. Adorable. There's some more. Oh my word. They have balloons. Look how cute these are. Look, Baby Yoda has a frog. Mando has his ship. This is called again the Disney drop shop. Wait a second. Okay, these have balloons as well. Okay, I've got to find these. Where are these at? And then they've got the Stitch ones. I already added one of these to cart. They're all adorable. $19.99. And they're they're um they're soft. Like they've got a little plushy to them. Softness. So, the Stitch are $19.99. Get one of these guys. And then here's more Stitch. These are Stitch's different characters. $7.99 for those. And they've got these guys, like the whole gang. These are only $7.99 as well. So that's not bad. Mickey and Friends, $7.99. And Marvel again, $7.99 for these. So, they have Toy Story, $16.99 for these guys. I love Hay the Pig. That is so cute. And then Pixar, $12.99 for Pixar. All of the uh they're aliens dressed as different characters. Oh my word, look at him dressed as Wall-E. So cute. Here's some more Star Wars guys for $7.99. Okay, here's the Star Wars characters with um the balloons. These are $16.99. And then the Winnie the Poo ones with their balloons. Oh my goodness, I love these so much. Why do I love blind boxes so much? $16.99 and these are $50.99. They look like precious moments to me. I don't know what they are. I mean, they're they're this um but they're dressed like Disney characters. Look at Pluto one. Chip Dale. And then over here, we've got some more that look just like these. These are $20.99. $20.99. So cute. We also have some Zootopia characters and they're $9.99 for those. and Lasso at 1999. Here's another better look at some of these guys without the glare. Look at the ones dressed like Luda with his little house, Chip and Dale, Nikki, Donald and Daisy. Okay, these are the cutest things ever. We love this so much. I got my purchases. We'll do an unboxing. Love Disney Springs. That's so cute. Um, but yeah, there's still a really long line of people to get in, but here is the shop right here. This is where the vault was. These are so cute. I don't know if you're supposed to put your little like blind box things that you get in here and you get pictures with them. I don't know. But these are all adorable. So cute. I love the Christmas castle and the balloons. So yeah, the drop the Disney drop shop. Look at that. I love it. The neon Mickey piece sign. And then Oh, okay. So drop in your vote. Drop in your empty mystery box packaging to vote for your favorite character. So once you open, they will recycle your boxes. So which one's your favorite? Either Pain or Panic. Okay, that's fun. Well, we are out and there is still a line, but it's not horrible. Um, people are buying and heading out. I mean, it's not a huge shop, so it doesn't take that long, you know, to look and things. And I even got this video and hope you guys enjoyed checking out some of the cool little boxes that you can get. And I'm going to open a couple of them on this vlog. We're going to go find a table. You can open them inside. They had some tables, but they were being used. So, we'll find a different table out here. Well, here's what I picked up. I did have a gift card for my birthday and um you know different things for my birthday, but I did go a little crazy. So, I got two of these guys. I already have one, so I'm hoping I get something different. I got the trash can one. So excited for that. Of course, I had to get a little stitchy one. I hope I don't get the sad one, but they're all cute. They're all really cute, even if I get the sad one. And then we've got the planter. I could not pass this one up either. Um, I think I'm going to open maybe two of these now and then I'm going to save one or two for Adventures um of Jenna and Dale Instagram because we've been doing a lot of unboxings over there and I think that might be fun. So, all right, let's unbox a couple. All right, I came with Sharon today. We were so excited for this. We were first in line for security, by the way. And look what Sharon got. She got the entire tray. So, it is an option. Yes. And um you will actually get all of them if you buy the tray. Get all of them. So you will not be disappointed in what you get. So yay. Plus possibly one secret. Oh, possibly. Oh, so you might not get one and you get you get all of these plus possibly a secret. A secret. Okay. You may have a secret. All right. That's what they said. So for sure the eight plus maybe a chaser. All right. At least that's how they described it. Okay. And I just liked all of them. I know it's hard to pick. So, and then she got the Ewok one because they're so cute. They're the same size as these guys, uh, but cheaper. These were $16.99, I believe. Something like that. And for individuals of these, they're $27.99. All right. Do you want to do the honors? All right. We're going to do an unboxing. You can also get these in a full set if it's really important to you to get all of them. All of them you could get, I believe. Well, I don't know. I guess I should have most of them. Yeah, these they had in a set in a tray as well that you could purchase. So, let's see what Sharon gets. All right, a bag. A bag. I love bags. All right. She really wanted Oh, here. Let's show what options you can get before we do this. So, they have these guys. I like all of them. They're all cute. I do like that one with pink on it. The pink one is really cute. Um, the original one is cute. I like that this one is holding a baby Ewok. Okay. Is it hard to get out? There we go. There's a little tab. All right, let's see what she gets. She's closing her eyes. A, he's so cute. I actually really like this one, too. Me, too. The gray ones. I love how his is a little bow and arrow. And I love his green little hat. I love him because he's to me a little bit of a nod to Merida. I know it's not supposed to be 100%, but but it's sort of like the Merida version of the bow and arrow. Okay. And then you have to run with me in the princess race, which is Merida theme. Totally. And I love how all of them have these nice little hooks. They attach to your bag really nicely. You will not lose it. Yay. Yay. He's so cute. I love it. I love him. And now I'm going to do one of my little boxes. Not sure yet. We'll see. All right, guys. I think we're going to do one of these guys cuz I'm just so excited. I really want Dale or Pluto. I'll be happy with any of them but Goofy cuz I already got Goofy. So, all right. They have these handy dandy little tabs. All right. What I get the table over here were uh so excited. They were doing the same thing, the unboxing. All right. I got a bag. Got a bag. Oh man. I hope it's not I hope it's Mickey. Oh, yay. Oh, he's so cute. Oh my word. Look at him. He's so cute. I mean, you got to go for the classic. I love how squishy he is. Doesn't he look That is adorable. Hi, Mickey. He's so cute. He's really cute. Okay. All right. That's a good one. That's a good one. Yep. All right. So, there's that one. And I think I'm going to do just Let's do Stitch. And I'll leave the others for something else. U maybe the adventures video. All right. So, here's all the stitches that you can get. They're all cute. They're so cute. And they're like flocked, so they're soft. All right. Again, this is from PopMart. And I'm assuming that's why we're not able to use our discounts at the store, but yes, no discounts and no exchanges. Oh, yeah. They stamp your receipt. No returns. No returns. Okay. What do we have? Oh, here we go. Oh, he's in another bag. Oh, he's yellow. Did I get Oh, is that the special one? That's the It's not Oh, it maybe No. Was that one of the chasers? I got a case of the Mondays. Oh my goodness. Oh, look at him. I was just wondering that was one of the chasers. I I wonder too, but no, it's not the secret one. Does he have a little key ring also? No, he's just for like your desk. Got it. So cute. So, I I thought this was like Leroy, but it's not. It's just a yellow stitch. A Okay. I'm excited. And I have a couple more to unbox, but I'm like I said, I'm going to do this Mhm. on Adventures of Jenna and Dale on our Instagram. So, if you're not following us on Instagram, follow. All right. Thanks for watching the unboxing. All right, guys. Well, I hope you enjoyed the video. Going to check out the new shop in the co-op, the Disney drop shop. So many cool things, so many blind boxes that I wanted to get, but you know, you have to you just have to rain yourself in. It's hard though. They were so cute. Um, but yeah, I have a couple more to unbox, which I'll be doing and posting over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale on our um Instagram, so go follow us over there. And I also posted one on Resort TV1 Instagram as a real. Those will be both as reals. So um yeah, let me know if you guys are excited to check this out. It's very similar to, you know, a PopMart or a Mini. So, where they've got all these blind boxes and things, but it's Disney themed. Now, you cannot use any discounts. No AP, no DVC, no discounts at all. Um, and let's see what else. There was a limit, of course. I think it was like two per item. Um, but you could buy, like we showed you, Sharon bought you can buy a whole case. So, if you want more, you can buy the case, but I don't think you can buy more than two. And uh for now they were if the line was too long, they were taking your number and then um calling you back to the store or like us, we just waited in line cuz it wasn't that long and I was the fourth in line and Sharon was a fifth. So it was awesome. It was a fun morning. Hope you guys enjoyed coming along and checking out the new shop. Leave a comment down below if you are going to be coming soon and if you're excited to check it out. Check out all of our awesome sponsors. The links are down below in the description of the video. As you can tell, I've I've changed. I um am ready for the Christmas party tonight. So, from one thing to the next. I can't wait for that as well. But we'll see you guys soon. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Go check out our sponsors, mikblog.com and mickeytras.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning advice. Mickeyas.com to book your next trip to Disney. Also, resorthomes.com. If you're wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resortv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy, go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. And our last sponsor, David Club Rentals at dbcrequests.com/tv. If you're wanting to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out again at dbcrequest.com/tv. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. [Music]
