---
video_id: sIZz89_JEys
channel: ResortTV1
title: "What's New at the Disney Character Warehouse - Vineland Premium Outlet Mall - December 2025"
published: 2025-12-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIZz89_JEys
---
Hey guys, it's Jenna with Resort TV1. Today we're here at the Vinand Premium Outlets. We're going to the Disney Character Warehouse to see what's new. Let's go. Oh my goodness, there is a line. Longer than I've seen it, but it is almost noon. Earlier than I've come in a while, so see how long it takes. It took about 30 minutes. So, yeah, took a while. But guys, they have some ornaments first thing when you walk in the door. These are so pretty. They're on sale for $14.99. They were $34.99. And they have two different colors. They also have this Mickey vampire tote for $7.99. That is a really good deal. It was $50. Holy moly. Oh my goodness. The light up Mickey pumpkin wreath is now $39.99. These were $100, I think. And they've got quite a few. Now would be the time to get it. They also have some of the uh shirts from Mickey's Not So Scary. See how much they are. $7.99. They were $34.99. They have this one, too. They have these fun little kits. So, they have the um space mountain. I almost said Spatial Earth. The castle looks like um $12.99 or both of them. $12.99. That's a really good deal. If so, it was $29.99. There's a couple more ornaments. This one is so pretty with all four park icons in there. It's $14.99. It was $34.99. And then this one is gorgeous as well. $14.99. Um, again, it was $34.99. They have some of the build your own headband. The headband is $11.99. I don't think that's on sale, but these are $3.99. These are definitely on sale. And they've got Jack. They've got um Lzo and Hannah the pig. Oh my goodness. They have my sweatshirt that sold out and I bought it's here for $19.99. Originally $50. It's a really cute sweatshirt. They have a Disney Cruise Line pillow. I remember seeing this on the Wish or the Treasure. I can't remember which one, but they're 1999 now. I don't know the original price on them. They have the Orange Bird bag. I don't feel like this was out very long, but got the corduroy look to it for $39.99. They were $90. That is a good deal on that Loungefly. Oh, and a cute princess pillow. Oh, it's a pillow and a blanket. So, it turns into a blanket. I think it was $44.99. They are now $19.99. They have some food and wine merch. Okay. Well, first of all, they've got a ton of these Figment bags for $39.99. They were 90, I believe, or 80, something like that. 90. They do have the plate for food and wine for $12.99. And then the Figment mug. He's adorable. He is $12.99 now. Forget how much he was. He was a little pricey. $24.99. Cute though. And then the apron. $14.99. It was $39.99. They have some fun home stuff here as well. They have um well, it's this propagation station. I don't know what this is for, but it's cute. And it's on sale for $29.99. Man, how much were these? That's the sale price. $44.99. Not a big sale. These are $14.99. Oh, and the candles are $14.99. What do they smell like? Teakwood and willow. They're okay. $29.99 originally. $34.99 originally. The pillow is $14.99. The Mickey pillow originally $39.99. Oh, these home signs. You know, Dale has some too on Etsy. Years by Jenna. Check that out. They were 19 or they are 1999. Originally $50. They've got quite a few of these, but again, Dale has some and you can switch them out throughout the year. These are like little place mats for $5.99. They were 15. Some more food and wine merch. We have the shirt for $14.99. The original price, $34.99. And is this a corksicle? Yeah. Big corksicle for $30. It was $55. The spirit jersey $24.99. Love that. Oh, they have the lug bag. Okay, that's exciting. Um the lug bag is $30. They're usually around Yeah. 65. And it's the beaker and honeydew ones. These are really fun. Then they have this. I think it's like a a lunch box. Um 1999, originally $34.99. More food and wine stuff. It's $14.99 when it was $35. And look, they even have the Remy mug for $12.99. Look at the pump. I loved this when this was in the pumpkin mug. Uh, like a bronze color. $24.99. It is $4.99. How do you pass that up? Oh, I liked these, too. Say home. They're $7.99. They were $20, but oh my goodness, look at this. The Loungefly from uh Not So Scary is here. $29.99. They were $90. If you want to carry it, you need to carry. We have the cute little Mickey pumpkins for $4.99. I'm loving all of this Halloween stuff. They have the mug from Mickey's Not So Scary. Uh, how much was the mug? It was 25. Is it $4.99 now? These are $4.99. I don't even remember seeing these mugs. These are cute. Oh, it's from the cruise line. $4.99. They have the Her Universe um pumpkin sweater for $19.99. It was 84. That's a really good deal. And they've got several sizes. They have several Mickey snowman mugs here for $7.99. They had these the last time we were here. I did think about getting one. They are really cute. They have a ton of Ursula ears. Oh my goodness. They're $9.99. Um, originally probably what, $34.99 or $36.99, whatever the price of ears are now. That's a great deal. I'm not sure what this sweater is, but it's on sale for $34.99. It was 80. Oh, here we go. Poison apple on the back. Evil Queen. There's some more Villains merch. $14.99. It was $40. And then the hoodie. It was 80 $25 now. That's a cool hoodie. I like that. More cruise line merch. Oh my goodness. I like I said, I remember showing this on one of the cruises that we were on. Um, okay. We have a set of two bowls for $14.99. Originally 30. Four plates for 20. They were 40. This is cool. And I love that it comes with a little light inside of there. It's pretty. The mosaic. Well, it was 30. I'm not seeing a price on it now. Oh, they're down here. $9.99. Okay, that's a good deal. They got the coasters for $14.99 and then the apron. I love that. That's cute. How much are you? Oh, here we go. $14.99. It was $35. We also have this throw for $29.99. These are usually pretty pricey. So, yeah, it was $70. That's amazing. Good deal. They have a lot of pins right now. They have the Park Pal outfits. This one is Chip. If this was Dale, I would probably get it. They are $8.99 originally. $30. What a good deal. They also have Donald. Oh, they do have Dale. Do I need him? $8.99. That's a good deal. Dale. And then they have Mickey, too. Cute, cute, cute. These are fun. These are little ornament charms for $1.99. What a great stocking stuffer this would be. They have um a pair of earrings as well. Oh, they're little shoes. Oh, how cute. And then there's a necklace. Oh, it's a Cinderella necklace. $7.99. The earrings are also $7.99. Don't know the original prices, though. Okay, we've got some Princess Pens. We've got Snow White, Moana, Jasmine. Oh my god, we've got Belle. They don't have Ariel. They do have Rapunzel, though. And they're all $6.99. That is a great deal. I don't know how much they originally were, but wow. Might have to get some of these. I just found a random Chipadale pen. There are so many pens right now. They have these cute little sanitizer holders with Stitch and Angel. They're only $5.99. Add to cart. Oh my goodness. Fluon Point. That is so cute. There are so many pens right now. I wonder what's on this side. Looks like Oh, more princesses. They've got a ton of princess pens right now. They have the Halloween uh hand sanitizers as well. $1.99. More pens. Oh, we've got a food and wine pin for $6.99. Oh, there's Chip andale. Okay, they're down here. And then what else? We have a Star Wars one. Okay, these are good deals. Oh, these are $5.99. These would be great for trading. Good pin traders. If you don't want one, if you don't like Darth Vader, or if you already have it. Oh, they have some uh jewelry here for $9.99. These are pretty. I remember seeing these in the park. That's all they have right now. But those are cute. They also have some sunglasses. It's like Star Wars ones and some kiddo ones. Oh, look at Squishy Star. Okay, guys. They have the Figment Plushy hats here for $9.99. I remember when people went crazy for these. They are uh originally $34.99. If you can see up top, these are all of the Figment Lounge Flies that they have and other Lounge Flies, but there are so many Figment ones. Holy moly. They have Monsters, Inc. uh Spirit jerseys for $29.99. And oh my goodness, they have some more Lug stuff and run Disney stuff. Okay, I'm excited. Uh these are $79.99 originally though. $175. This is a nice big bag. Wow. Oh, they have the shoes. No way. They have the wine and dine shoes for $3.99. Okay, that's a good deal. These were originally $30. They have run Disney spirit jerseys. Okay, these are cute. How much are they? $24.99. Okay, you cannot beat that. That's a great price. They have the um Piglet and Eeyore and Tigers over there. These are amazing. These sweatshirts are so cute. I wanted the Piglet. Um they're on sale for $24.99. They were $60. What a great deal. I don't know if I need it though, but I love it. They have a ton of these sweatshirts like we saw earlier. So many so many sizes. They also have the ghosty one on sale right now. Um $14.99. It was $60. Oh man, they even have this one that I bought for full price. How much are they now? Let's look. $7.99. Oh well, at least I got to wear it. They have this too. Hey, Mickey sweatshirt. Do you like this? $14.99. It was 40. We don't have very many sizes left, though. And then we also have Tiger and Winnie. And they're all I think what I say $25. Yeah, that is an amazing deal. Great sweatshirts. They have some DVC um Doneyi and Burks for $159.99. They were $2.98. It's still expensive, but for a Doney that is a great deal. And again, these are DVC ones. We also have some DVC shirts. Vacation Club. Um, let's see. They're $12.99. They were $34.99. Oh, and this nice polo here. These are the ones Dale likes. We're not DVC, though. They're $20. They were 50. This is a nice DVC shirt, too. It's a button up. Nice material. Um, $30. It was $64.99. Loving the Minnie Mouse zip up hoodies. How much are these? Um, they're $20. They were 65. All they have are the extra large or 3X's. And they have the Mickey jacket. I loved this red jacket for $24.99. It was 70. This is such a nice jacket. More Figment Lounge Flies. They've got the Yeti ones from Everest for $39.99. What a good deal. And of course, the Orange Bird are back here as well. So many. They're all like organized by characters. Look, they have some more um Everest stuff. That is a fun sweatshirt. It's $20. It was 45. And then there's this long sleeve one, too. Oh my goodness. This is cute. Yeti Sky School for $20. It was 40. Animal Kingdom merch. So, they've got some more over here. I like the shirt. It was $64.99. It's a nice buttonup and they're on sale for $25. They have a Lily Pulitzer for $80. Still expensive, but it was $1 138. I do love this print though. Oh my goodness. They have the Wilderness Explorer shirt. Looks like you're a wilderness explorer. I think Dale needs this. $14.99. It was 40. Oh my goodness. They have a Hely Pinson jacket. Deal would like this. Oh, it's still $75 though. But it was $130. That's a nice jacket. All they have are smalls though. I don't think that would fit them. It might. They have some nice Henson stuff here. They always sell these in Norway. These are 25. They were 50. They have a rocking roller coaster shirt here for, let's see, $20. It was $36.99. Very random things in here. Oh, the these tank tops are cute. I remember these. Very random things in here. Captain America. A okay. They have the uh mini mixits and uh most of them don't have their hats on anymore, which I think is very weird, but they do have an Eeyore. They have a lady. They're all 909.99. They have the White Rabbit, Alice, and Triumph. He still has his hat on. Oh, and Alice does, too. There's a few pirate things here. I'm loving this pirate bag for $14.99. Let's see. Um, it was $34.99. And then they have this cute little uh dig kit for $14.99. That's awesome. And a little kids Starlight shirt already at the outlet for $12.99. Check it out. They have um an Orange Bird long sleeve. $19.99. It was $70. And then another um thing from well this is from Flower and Garden actually. It's $12.99. I think it's one of those gardening cushy things that you use when you're gardening. So they have some Crocs here. Well, I think these are Crocs. These are not. These are Disney themed. Uh these are $12.99. These are now $19.99. I remember seeing these at Animal Kingdom. Um but I don't see an original price. They have the spirit jersey bucket hats for $7.99. These were usually pricey. Let's see if we can find what they originally were. Oh, yeah. $40 originally. Oh, and they have this one from Flower and Garden. Peel and happy. I get it for dad, but I don't think he likes this color. $7.99. It was 30. A look, they have the Yeti. And these are the um the weighted plushies. He is $19.99. Originally they are $40, $39.99. He's so cute. Wow. They have some pin trading stuff. So this is the jersey from the pen trading. Um originally 70. Let's see. They are $34.99. That is an amazing deal. These are really fun. Cute jerseys. They have the pin trading hat for $7.99. Originally 30. They have the bags. Oh, I kind of want this. It was $14.99. I might get this. $14.9 or sorry, it is $14.99. Originally, it was $35. It's half off. I do like those though. I don't know what to do. Check out the Mickey t-shirt. Adorable. Um, how much are you? Mickey shirt. Well, um, it's $14.99. Originally $40. What great deals. Oh, and they have this little Mickey fan. Actually, decent size Mickey fan for $12.99. They were 2816. That's very random number, but that's what they were. Oh, they're misting fans. Okay, that's a great deal. What a good gift. Oh my goodness. Is this a Scarlet Witch magic band? I'm like, what's this magic band? It's Scarlet Witch. Okay. How much are you? I might need this. We're going to take it up and see. So, I'm not seeing it here. Unless it's on another one. Nope. I just asked somebody. They are $19.99. Really good deal, but I guess I don't need it. I don't know. The pumpkin spice pretzels are $1.99. What an amazing deal. I might have to get some. I don't need them, but I need them. They have a villain's otter box for $34.99. It was 60. I also spotted the ornament from Mickey's Nots So Scary for $7.99. The dancing ghosties. It was $26.99. That's an amazing deal. Well, I was wrong with the pretzels. They're $2.99. And the popcorn was $1.99. They do have some Rice Krispies for $5.99. Here's the popcorn. That's $2.99. Caramel apple flavored. Ooh, that sounds good. All right, guys. Well, that is it for the Character Warehouse today. They had so many new things. It was a little chaotic in there, but um saw lots of you guys as well. So, thanks for stopping and saying hello. So, never mind saying hi. Definitely say hi when you whenever you see us. We love it. So, um but hope you enjoyed the video. Make sure you buff the like button. Um I did buy a couple things um gifts as well. But yeah, great time to buy some gifts. There's some good stocking stuffers in there. But yeah, you never know with the outlet. It's hit or miss. So, hope you guys enjoyed it. Leave a comment down below what you would need if you were shopping with us today. Um it did take about 30 minutes, almost 30 minutes to get in there today, but it was worth it cuz they had some good things. Um, but yeah, check out all of our awesome sponsors and again, thanks guys for watching. We really appreciate it. We'll see you soon. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Go check out our sponsors, mikblog.com and miktras.com for the best and free Disney vacation planning advice. Mickeyas.com to book your next trip to Disney. Also, resorthomes.com. If you're wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resorttv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy, go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. And our last sponsor, David Vacation Club Rentals at dbcrequests.com/tv. If you're wanting to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out again at dbcrequest.com/tv. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
