---
video_id: -XEOKkJotTA
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Friday Night Live Holiday Hopping from Hollywood Studios to Epcot - Walt Disney World 2025"
published: 2025-12-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XEOKkJotTA
---
Where you going? Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I am live here at Disney's Hollywood Studios for some Christmas fun and holiday park hopping. Welcome in everybody. And before we get too far into the stream, just to let you know what kind of stream this is going to be and where Jenna is. Um, Jenna is over at Epcot. So, we're going to be doing some stream hopping. We haven't done that for a while, but basically what that means is that you're going to be hopping from one park to another on the stream. So, all you have to do is sit back, relax, and enjoy. And Jen and I are going to take you back and forth between Epcot and Hollywood Studios. So, it'll be super fun. The only thing is we don't get to hang out together, but that's okay for just this stream. So, we get to uh we get to show you multiple parks. I love this ornament thing here. Isn't that fun? So, this is going to be a fun one tonight. Yeah. Stream hopping. So, the cool thing is you guys are going to get to watch both Luminous and Fantasmic tonight. So, that'll be fun. So, stay tuned for all of that. Fantasmic. It's at 7:30. Actually, Jenna is currently in line for Living with the Land to show you all of the awesome Christmas lights there. Let's go check out the tree over here at Hollywood Studios. Really, really great stuff. So, that going to be fun. It's going to be super fun. And then tomorrow we have Magical Night of Hope and Jen and I will both be involved in that. And it's on this channel, too, as well as Cory's channel and Steve's channel. So, all the channels. So, you can watch it right here. So definitely go check that out as the stream is already up so the moppers can post it. Uh but yeah, the stream for Magical Night of Hope. I put it up earlier today. It's ready to go. Michelle's in line for Tower of Terror. Nice. All right. Well, let's go see the tree. They did the tree lighting a little while ago. I wasn't able to get the stream started in time. So, I just enjoyed it, which is fine, but it was fun to see. Very short. It was like 1 minute literally. So, but at least they do something there. Emara posted it. Thank you, Emara, for posting the link. And so we're going to be raising money for Give Kids the World to send um families and their critically ill children and family members to Disney um and to Give Kids of Wage. So super super important and can be life-changing even. So that's uh it's an amazing amazing place. Here's Gertie. Hi, Pittsburgh. Rocco, hello. It's a beautiful evening here tonight. What is it about 60 63 now? So, feels nice. Hey, Carbox. RIP Dale's credit card. I know. Well, he's right there, though. So, you know, Jenna can't sneak it. Not that she would. I'm just kidding. But anyway, it's uh it's so fun. And by the way, I have some stuff that I put in the auction, too. So, some things I've collected over the years um that I haven't used, and I thought they might be really nice for the auction. They're all brand new, so I was happy to share those. That's going to be awesome. But, I'm going to be playing saxophone. Um Cory will be singing and um several others will be performing as well. Neil and Yeha Bob and several other friends will be performing at the show and you can watch it right here. And watch it right here on this channel for the very first time. Usually it's on Cory's channel cuz he's the one in charge and he's the one that does most of the work for it. Steve helps a lot as well. But anyway, it's going to be super awesome. So, I want to I want to circle back around here and then um I think sunset season's greetings is starting soon. But also, there's some cool stuff in the One Man's Dream building there. So, I want to show uh for any Swifties in the crowd, any Taylor Swift fans or even just people who are, you know, curious about it. I do love they have the garlands over the street here, I believe. Yes, I believe Nate will be reading another story. Yes, I believe that's the plan. I actually haven't seen the program. Uh I have I mean I have access to it. I just haven't really studied it. So I've been kind of taking this one day at a time here. It's been a very busy season, but we're managing. Today was my last day of regular classes at school. Finals are next week. So that's going to be kind. That's awesome. Oh, they're doing all right. Cool. So, next week is exams and that's it. So, technically my last day with kids is Thursday and my last day of school as a teacher is Friday, but we don't usually even have to stay the whole day. All right, I'll be quiet so you can enjoy. Hi, Josh. I'm showing my grandmother my first ever stream. Do you mind saying hi to us? Hi, Band and Grandma. Bring back the Beverly challenge. Yeah, that was fun. I will agree with you on that. That was fun. Except for the part where my stomach hurt, but other than that, it was fun. It was stomach hurt for a good cause, though. Christmas spirit week and all the dress up days. Yeah. Yeah, we do. We do some of that, too. We do some of that, too. It's glo. It's like snow with uh glowing lasers. So, Jenna called it glopee. I think it's a very appropriate name. So, I don't want to stay. We'll stay for one more show. I don't want to stay too long because uh Jenna might get into um Jenna might get into the uh living with the lamb pretty soon. Let's see. Hold on. Hold on. The land is 75. Holy cow. What I really Yeah. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. All right, we'll come back. This is so much fun. I always love this. We shall return. And we do have Fantasmic at 7:30. So, I'll need to get a spot for that probably around 6:30. So, not I don't have long. It's very, very busy. So, it's going to take a little extra time to um get in. Let's go up here. It might be a little maybe possibly less crowded. Okay, so I'm going to show you uh some cool Taylor Swift stuff. If you don't like her, that's fine. But, you know, it's kind of cool to see as she is fairly popular. Ilo said I'm kind of, you know, I think what she's done is super cool. I just don't pay a lot of attention. So, I'm kind of a a neutral person, but also can appreciate what's going on for sure. Give me just a second. Sorry, I'm trying to navigate here. Not looking at the chat too much. Okay. I'm not going to worry about it. Getting towards the theater here. Catalina says, "I love Taylor Swift." Awesome. Excuse me. Sorry. I just feel like this. My wife and I, my wife and girls are watching the new TES documentary where they grill hamburgers. Nice. Well, tell them to come on in. They're going to want to see this. Somebody asked if it was warmer here than it is where they are. Yeah, I'm sure it is. It's about 62 or 63 right now, so feels pretty good. So this morning it was 47 46 46 when I drove to school. So you know colder than normal for Orlando for sure, but it didn't feel too bad actually. But the um tonight is a little bit better. I think 50 something is the low. So we do get variations here, just not as much as up north. We've got the water to insulate us from the extreme changes. All right, head over to One Man's Dream. Yeah, if you got a Swifty in the family, tell them to come on in. They're going to want to see this or go want to see it. I think it just came out today cuz I just saw a lot of people post about it today. We're not usually on the cutting edge with this stuff because we're not usually in the right park at the right time, but today we are snowing in Indie. Oh my goodness. Coming down soon. Hope to see you in Jenna. Nice. And Jen and I will be live together next weekend somewhere. Friday Night Live. Josh and Jen, I'm pretty sure it's below freezing here just outside Raleigh. Yep, probably. So, heat wave in Los Angeles. I know Brett was saying it's super warm over there. He was showing me like the high was 90 the other day where where he lives just outside of uh well, in the Orange County area, outside of Disneyland. So, that's kind of cool. But he said it's hard to get excited about. Hard to get excited about uh Christmas when it's so warm. And again, if you know, that's the uh I believe last photograph of Walt taken from what I understand. Or maybe in the park. I'm not sure. Something about it's the last something. Rock and roll coaster. Last day, March 1st. Nice. I think this may be where we're going here. Okay, we're going to have to show it from far back cuz we're obviously not going to get pictures with it. There is a line. Let's see this thing. Yes, there is a link set up. The magical night of hope.com is how you how you donate. Holy cow. Gosh. Okay, we're not going to be waiting in that, but do my best to show it to you from the back here. Holy cow. If you did not wait in line, you need to take those quick pics and keep moving for me, please. There it is. I didn't wait in line, so we'll just keep moving. I'll go back. I promise. Oh, that's cool. How fun. Sorry. Hold on. I'll go back to the Taylor Swift. Hold on. That was Taylor Swift. Iris era's costume. I always say Iris Era's costume stuff. How fun. I like the Santa Claus. That is awesome. Would love that. I don't know if she's watching or not, but that's pretty cool. I'll be back. Hold on. Oh, yeah. That's her Christmas tree, too. That's her snow. That's her. Yeah, that's super. How fun. All right, I'll go back. Hold on. Yes. Uh because of Disney Plus, I believe. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. So, this is this is the um Hi, how are you? I'm good. How are you? Can I say hi to my husband who's watching at home? Hi, honey. I miss you. I wish you were here, but 43 days he'll be down here with me. So, we're on a high school chorus choir trip. Oh, nice. So, yeah, it was fun. Today we did the workshops over at Saratoga Springs. Have you Have you done the workshops over there? Yeah. Well, I haven't done them, but I know about it. So, yeah. But anyways, I just want to say hi. We watch you all the time. Well, thank you for watching. I appreciate it. I'll see you Tuesday night. Yep. We'll see you there. Well, there you go. Can't see too much, but we'll come back later. I bet it'll be less busy later. All right. So, there you go. You can kind of see it. Oh, wow. You can go back and pause it. I didn't want to. Hi. How are you? Good. You good? How long have you guys been waiting? Probably about 5 minutes. Oh, not too bad. Okay. Yeah, you're almost there. That's cool. Not too bad. See, I guess when they put it out this morning, like literally nobody was here. Yeah. So, I'll probably I'll probably come check it again later. I did a I did a walk by. Well, good to see you. Good to see you as well. Have fun. See you. Bye. Hi, Josh. Hi. How are you? Good. How are you? Good. Waiting in line there. How long have you been in line? Like 10 minutes. 10 minutes. Okay. Like not bad. Not too bad. Cool. I'm going to check back later. This is moving faster than the original popcorn bucket line. Well, yeah, that was like eight hours or something. I waited 4 hours and 25 minutes. Yeah, I'm glad they do. They got mobile order now. That's way way way better. Have a good one. less reflection from a distance. Yeah, probably from a distance. Oh, it's like back here. I think I got much longer. So, that's the thing that happened. I know. All right. So, we'll see what happens. But at least you could see it. Come here, baby. Kind of fun, huh? All right. Sorry. Uh you didn't get to show it. Great. Hi. Hi. Bye. I was just so um they um anyway because I like I said I had to do a quick walkthrough cuz they're obviously trying to keep the uh walkway clear and you know people who waited in line for it should have the longer time. I just did a quick one. Where's Mary Clooney? Oh yeah. M Ellen Bing Crosby and Danny K lifted me a few days ago while watching White Christmas. Yeah, white Christmas is great. Hi, how are you? Thank you. Lots of good people tonight. I heard of people that waited six hours for that popcorn bucket. I I actually am kind of surprised. It was cool. But man, they also didn't really run out of them. It was just that first day that people did that. Please do not go up next. Get a lot of ads in the chat. Yeah, can't we can't really control that one, unfortunately. We purposely don't show ads during the stream. Uh that is a setting that we have had to turn off. YouTube wants to show ads in the stream. So like you'd get the video, I'd be talking and or the fireworks would be on or something and we'd get interrupted and you'd have to watch the ad or at least skip it. Well, um, so we turn that off, but we can't turn off the chat ones. That's not even an option. So, sorry. It does support the channel, but I know it's frustrating, but yeah, that's a YouTube thing, but it's their platform, and I know it cost them a lot to run this thing. So, I'm glad they have this. Honestly, I was thinking about this the other day. Like, I can't even imagine. There is no other company that could like, you know, make something like this now. It's just too big. you know, the thousands of hours that are uploaded to YouTube every minute, such a scale that nobody else could do it at this point. So, I'm thankful for it. It it kind of has become this, you know, obviously there's there's not so good stuff here, too. But there's also um it's this huge library of amazing stuff. And, you know, part of the ads part of the ad revenue goes to Google and part of it goes to us. So, if we have to we have to uh you know have some ads on to help them keep it going, then I think it's well worth it. Hey, Christopher. Good to see you. I saw him last week. There's the Glisten. Is it Glisten or Glitter Glisten and Snow? I can't remember the name of this. It's something that something like that. If you set your VPN to Albania, I mean, at that point, you could just use an ad blocker. You just added another couple days. Anyway, I love the little snowflake decorations down there. Let's go watch uh let's go watch sunset seasons greetings. But before we do, we'll check the tree one more time. What battery pack charger do you recommend? You know, I used to use Samsung ones because I thought they went well with the Samsung phones and they do, but I just had some issues with them. So, I went ahead and switched them out. Um, and I found a a smaller one. I just try and find the highest wattage I can that's compatible with my phone. So, right now I have kind of just an off brandand from Amazon, 45 watts, that's really small. But, I think bottom line is just look at the reviews. Obviously, the the you know, standard brands, Ankor and um you know, Samsung does make a good one and uh MPHI, you know, some of those are are pretty good, but there's honestly a ton of great ones out there. I did buy another Samsung battery, a bigger one that that's actually um that's actually um fast charging, so that's good. Or faster charging. But yeah, anyway, all that to say, long rambling answer to say basically I don't have a brand loyalty anymore. Hey, Grey Rose. So, Jenna's going to watch Luminous for you. This week, I've been to a high school band in a choir concert with my grandkids. Nice. I hope that was fun. It's a nice nice spot here. Let's go say hi to Gertie. Hey, blessed be fantasy sports boss. I I call them finals. Uh I think our school does actually call them midterms. I just I call everything finals. So I'm not too particular about the terminology sometimes. But yeah, I think technically they're midterms. Actually, fine arts doesn't even do them. We do uh projects at the end because mostly we have concerts and stuff and reflections that go with it. So, I actually don't even give any. But that's basically what they are. It's midterm. And yes, obviously if it's the year-long class, it would be midterm and not a final. You know, for me it's like finalizing the semester. All right, let's go say hi to Gertie and we'll go find our find our spot. Get over. I love this music here. Poor Jenna. Poor swatch luminous. I know. No, we love Lumis. I know you're kidding, too. We love it. Let's see what Jenna's texting me now. Nope. Come on. Is it moving at all? Question mark. There she is. Gertie got her Santa hat on and her smoke music reminds me of my parents. Oh, that's nice. The tree with tower illuminated in the background is a fantastic shot. Yeah, I actually didn't even notice it. Thank you for pointing it out. I was probably circum circumnavigating the crowd here. But that's pretty cool. An accidental good shot. Or maybe maybe I saw it and didn't register it. Okay. All right, let's head back over to Sunset Boulevard. Decorations are great here. I just can't help but be missing the Osborne lights this time of year. I mean, it's been 10 years, but still still one of the most amazing things Disney ever did. And they didn't even start it. They just, you know, kind of enhanced it. Admittedly, they enhanced it a lot, but still pretty cool. It's the Walketeer. There we go. All right, we better go. toy. Make cookies today for tomorrow's church Christmas party. I should not have a Christmas party till after the SEC championship game. That's hilarious. That is funny. Let me know if you want to come on and say hi for a bit in a minute. Okay, Jenna's in a long line. I think it won't be as long as Right now it's showing 90 minutes, but she's been in the line for a while. So, I think it's 90 minutes if you get in it now, not necessarily um for when she was there. All right. Creator Rocketeer inspired me to be a publisher. That's fun. Hey, Rich. Mr. Master, hello from Disney Springs. Welcome in. Hope you're having fun. Fun, fun, fun. Oh, did they stop sunset? Looks like they did. Yeah, we may want to go ahead and get in line. It's going to be a line stream. Cuz this is a this is a busy busy busy night here in studios. So, if we don't get in line now, we may not get in at all. I just have to find what looks like a line here. I don't think I've made it. I don't think I've found it yet. Weird that they turned it off. Uh JL $5 I think in Kingdom Hearts 2 there's a Christmas world. Nice. Thanks JL with the with the super chat. We appreciate it. Be there in February. That's awesome. Blair Frosty indeed. The holidays are crazy time, especially at at uh at the parks. You know, there's only two parks open right now that you know, for regular guests. So, you got Hollywood or sorry, you got Yeah. Hollywood Studios in Epcot. Animal Kingdom not open right now for regular guests. So, or sorry, Animal Kingdom closed, I believe, right now, or at least it's closing soon. And then, um, you know, Magic Kingdom has a Christmas party, so they already let people in. Yeah, it looks like they did. So, we're going for it. We're going for it. Let's go get a spot. And don't worry, we'll we'll find a decent seat, I'm sure. Yeah. Remember the days when this was a slow period? I also remember that. Also remember that. Okay. Might be controversial, but in my humble opinion, Hollywood is the most beautiful park at nighttime. I don't disagree with that. I think I think there's some beauty in the other parks, too, but this one certainly has a flare, especially with all the Christmas decorations. It's great to see you guys doing a back and forth stream tonight. Nice. Yeah, I'm glad glad we get to do it. All right. We don't have a specific gift shop, but in the gift of people now. I don't think I'm going to even get a seat. Yeah, we're going to be bopping back and forth. That's right. So, that'll be good. See if we can do handicap seating, especially since he doesn't. So, we got 7:30 show tonight and then uh I think there's also a 9:00, but since we want Jenna to watch Luminous, we will actually be able to do this one and then show you Luminous at 9:00. That's the plan. Stan, Luminous is 9:30. Sorry. Well, we could have done both, but this is fun anyway. I forgot Luminous was at 9:30. All good in the neighborhood. For your convenience, restrooms are located in the courtyard just outside the amphitheater. Oh, Tiger Gal. Wow. Let me get into a better spot to read that here. But it's very kind $50 super chat from Tiger Gal. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's dark here, so I don't want to fall, but we super appreciate it. I love that the uh walk-in music is Christmas. Take your g $50. Happy Friday. My birthday is this coming Sunday. Happy birthday. I'll be entering into a new decade. I am turning 50. A possible one request. Josh Hollywood Studios. Could you go over to Galaxy's Edge and do one of the rides? Yeah. Yeah, I can probably do that after this. I actually had thought about that anyway. Welcome my fans this way too. Fantasy. You're going to push it this way. It says eight. Come here. Everyone else will stay to our right, please. This will be fun. We'll watch Fantasmic Early. Why not? We don't usually get to watch a show this early. So, we'll do that and then we'll um we'll enjoy Luminous at 9:00. And before that, I'll do some rides. So, right after this, I'll just go run run and do some rides and maybe jump back in there and see if we can see the Taylor Swift stuff. I'm just walking into Fantasmic, so no rush. So y'all, I hope you have an amazing birthday and congrats on 50. I mean upcoming, not yet, but upcoming 50. Yes, absolutely, Mr. Master. Thank you. You were very kind. Welcome in. That was very kind. Friends with strollers. We're going to eating and drinking are permitted inside the Hollywood Hills Amphitheater. You are welcome to bring refreshments in with you or purchase. But this place is going to draw crowds. Yeah, the Taylor Swift stuff. Isn't that cool? I'll try and go back later and show it again. The line probably will go down at some point. And then again, it may not. If it stays on the whole time, they'll probably I may just do another walk by. That's good, JL. I'm glad you graduated. Yep. I'm a teacher, so I have to worry about school all the time. I don't really worry about it. I just, you know, teach it. Pay big money to be 50 again. Yeah. Stop by to the left side. If you have the dining package, please go to the right side. Oh, there's like plenty of room. Okay. So, it doesn't even matter. Where are we going to see it? We're just going to sit and have a good time. Josh, not a Swifty. Then let's do more Taylor Swift stuff. No, I mean, I think it's cool that it's here. And I think, you know, I just figured people would want to see it. But I am uh I think I'd probably enjoy the show if I had seen it. I wouldn't like $500 enjoy it, I don't think. But there's not a lot of shows I'd pay $500 to see. Good evening and welcome to the Hollywood Hills Amphitheater. Please select a row and move all the way across to make room for guests entering behind you. For your safety, we ask our box is asking all the philosophy questions here or climbing over the benches or even child psychology. What um the question is what if babies, you know, don't know words yet, don't know a language yet, what are their thoughts? I think the answer to that is their thoughts are probably more generalized ideas at this point. hungry, thirsty, belly hurts, snuggles, like I think it's it's all but there's no words to that. It's just feelings that go along with those things. So, I think that's probably obviously we can't ask, you know, none of us remember and we can't ask a baby. So, that's my guess. I'm going to send you to Jenna here in just a bit cuz you won't have to wait here with me the whole time and Jenna will probably um Jenna will probably Jenna will probably take it for a little bit after this so that I can wait here. on the left hand side all the way across for me. Let's go down a little bit cuz I want to be out of out from around that pole. I think that's the move. Oh, I think this will work fine. We go too far, it won't be as good. So, this will be perfect. Okay. Even better. All right. There we go. So good. The pole is not a factor. All right. Enjoy, Mr. Master. Was it inspired by Greek theater or by Los Angeles Hollywood Bowl? Probably the Hollywood Bowl. Even though obviously it's much smaller, but it's still pretty big. I say 9,000 something people. I think 7 or 8,000. I never remember quite, but yeah, the capacity it's a lot. It's less than 10, but it's a lot. I'm sitting down now, so whatever you want to take it is fine. Looks like both minus the water. That's true. That's true. Obviously, the lights will be off during the show, so we won't we won't uh we won't have any light shining in our eyes during the show. Good evening and welcome to Fantasmic. For the safety of our performers, the use of laser pointers during the performance is strictly prohibited. If you are just entering the amphitheater, please do not walk across or climb over the benches. Thank you for your cooperation and enjoy the show. The sun in the face of sun or spotlights. Let me show you while we're waiting. Let me show you the stream for Magical Night of Hope. It's right on here. So, here uh let's see. You kind of have to scroll down to our live streams, but there you go. Magical Night of Oak. Look, there I am. Going to play this saxophone. There's no laser point. There's no I'll try. I'll try. They have fantasmic background music, but this sounds different. This is a Christmas Christmas loop, I think. So, the Taylor Swift exhibit is in One Man's Dream. Uh, I showed it earlier. I should have gotten a picture of it, too, but um I did show it earlier. You can rewind a little bit. I went by it twice just to see it. So, you can you can do that if you want. Rewind. Hey, don't forget when we get back home. Yeah, Susan, it's for a great cause and it'll be fun for sure. It'll be super fun. Practice tomorrow starting at 10:30. We'll be there all day. It's a long day, but it's always a really good day. Zoom gal. Hello. Thanks for joining. What a tradition. What a tradition this has to come. I've watched all four years live and the fifth will be no different. Nice. Yes, it's going to be awesome. This is the fifth. That is right. Thank you for watching. Yeah, we started in Donna's living room and ended up at Give Kids the World itself. Fore channel aloneer decide to use at names or screen names. I know. Oh my goodness. like that would be a nobrainer, but nope, they will not allow it. Good evening and welcome to Fantasmic. For the safety of our performers, the use of laser pointers during the show is strictly prohibited. Thank you for your cooperation and enjoy the show. Candy canes and silver lanes of glow. It's like Christmas toys. Gold star flies for Gary Cine. So that's fun. Yeah, it's going to be a great show tomorrow and um we'll do our best. Corona is the purpose. Yeah, I love this song, too. So, what was I going to talk about? Oh, uh, let's talk about a few awesome sponsors while we're waiting. Uh, we have mickeyras.com. If you want to book your next trip to Walt Disney World right here, just go to mickeytras.com. Again, that's mickeyras.com. And um definitely um fill out all the information. One of their agents will get in contact with you. Hope you book your next trip to Walt Disney World. Doesn't cost any more than if you book the trip yourself. Again, that's mickeyras.com. mickeytras.com. They're amazing. We also got mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. mickeyblog.com and mickeyras.com. We also have resort tv1homes.com. That's resort tv1homes.com. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, just go to resort tv1homes.com. Again, that's resorttv1homes.com. We're brokered by EXP Realy and uh one of our expert realtors brokered by EXP Realy will help you find that dream home here in Central Florida. Go check it out. resort tv1homes.com. Jenna is going to say hi in a minute. She's trying to get to a place where she doesn't have just a wall or something to show. Crazy, crazy, crazy. I hope everybody's having a great night so far. Oh, she's going to take it. All right, we're going to send you over to Jenna. We're going to hop you over to Epcot. So, the whole point of this stream is to hop you back and forth between Hollywood Studios and Epcot. I will see you back here after Jenna is done with Living with the Land. Uh, the show starts here fantasmic at 7:30. So, don't go anywhere. Enjoy talking to Jenna and we'll see you in just a bit. All right, everybody. sending you to Epcot in three, two, and one. Good evening and welcome to the Hollywood Hills Amphitheater. Please select a row. Hey everybody, welcome to Epcot. We are about to get on the land. We're waiting for the front row, so give us a moment. Hi guys, welcome in. It's insane. So, we got in line about about an hour ago. Not quite. Almost. Not quite. Hi, Edwin. New phone. Same stream. That's right. Hi, Bryce. Hey, Cargo Box. So, we thought we'd wait for the front row. Give you guys a really good view. Hope you don't mind. Hi, Kelly. Hi, Amara. Hey, Brad. Yeah, it was a very long wait. Yes. Hey, Travis. Hey, Mr. Car. Hi, Ariel. Hey, Grey Rose. Surf Bum. Hello. Welcome to Holiday Hopping. Hope you enjoyed a little bit of Hollywood Studios with Josh. And now it is Epcot time. We're about to get on the Oh, hi. How are you? Hello. Thought I heard my name, but I didn't know where it was coming from. I have not been able to watch any of Taylor's docu series yet, but hopefully this weekend. We'll see. All right. We'll be the next ones in the front row. Wait for the next one. Hi Ally. Hey Reena. Hi Carol. Oh yeah Mickey. How do we get to Epcot so quick? It's you know stream hopping. Thank you. Okay. Hey Catalina. Hey Kevin. Hi Debbie. Sorry guys. Getting a little bit of lag already. I agree. Ricky, Rosie. Welcome to the land as you board the boat. Please lower your head and watch your step for your safety. Remain seated with your hands. All right, guys. Enjoy the ride. Here we go. until we reach. Thank you. Now sit back, relax, and enjoy living. instructed to us to nature in the summer. He The surface of the land respecting nutrients and minerals develop systems. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. In the desert, nature has created a very different, no less beautiful living system. And while this landscape may seem lifeless but very much alive. The plants and animals that have learned to survive in these harsh conditions make heaps of what little water they can find and avoid the scorching rays of the relentless sun. The American prairie once appeared as desolate as the desert, but over time rainwater and nutrients gradually penetrated the hard surface of this land. Even the hooves of the mighty buffalo helped create the rich soil that would one day become home to the American farm. Of all the forces at work on the land, humans have had one of the most profound effects. The need to produce food for a growing world led to the enormous use and sometimes overuse of the land. In our search for more efficient ways to grow food, we often failed to realize the impact of our methods. Today we're learning to live with the land, discovering better ways to grow food that will assure both human and environmental wellbeing. In Japan, other materials, we can make farmland. chemicals. Here at Epcot, we're learning to reduce the need for pesticides by breeding and using natural predators like ladybugs and wasps to control pests. In the farmlands across America, we're learning that by plowing under vegetation containing natural fertilizers, we can enrich the soil without the use of chemicals. In arid regions, we're learning to produce food on desert sea coasts by developing and planting crops that thrive on salt water. In Japan, we're learning that by mixing leaves and other living materials into our soil, we can make farmland more fertile without the need for chemicals. Here at Epcot, we're learning to reduce the need for chemical pesticides by using How will we meet tomorrow's growing needs for food production yet still respect the needs of the land? Some of the answers are being discovered just ahead. To help us maintain these carefully controlled ecosystems and for your safety, please remain seated in your boat at all times. Welcome to our glimmering green houses where scientists from Epcot and the US Department of agriculture illuminate the wondrous gifts we receive from the land. Join us as we bring in the most bountiful time of the year. For some, it's difficult to imagine the holidays without winter and snow. But one of the most important holiday crops actually grows in the tropics. For centuries, farmers in Central America have cultivated cacao to make chocolate. In fact, cacao is chocolate's main ingredient. Today, people around the world are able to enjoy a variety of sweets and keep warm with a cup of hot cocoa thanks to this tropical plant. Hello. Heat. might not be as is important. He Heat. Heat. So heat. Citrus like the oranges grown here are common in Florida, but in Northern Europe where fresh fruit is greater in winter, they're much harder to find, making them an extra special stocking stuffer. During Chinese New Year, these vibrant fruits are given as gifts of good fortune. They say it's better to give than to receive. And in this greenhouse, we're celebrating the holidays by giving back to the land using innovative farming techniques. By recycling water, we can give plants rich nutrients. By giving plants lady pots, we're able to control pests and reduce the need for pesticides. And by growing ground plants vertically, we give them better protection from disease. Never. very Many of the plants you see spice up the holidays. The bark of cinnamon trees, like the one growing beside you, is used to make cinnamon sticks. Do you like eggnog? You can thank nutmeg for its signature taste. Other spices like ginger and vanilla add flavor to a variety of holiday cookies and other delights. by cultivating best science. These green houses represent just a fraction of the work being done worldwide to produce valuable harvests for our growing population. Scientists, farmers, and even backyard gardeners are doing their part to improve the quantity and quality of foods that we all rely upon. Together, we can continue to find more ways to increase food production and protect our precious natural environment. Only then will we truly be living with the land. On behalf of Walt Disney World Group, we hope you've enjoyed this unique journey through our living laboratory. If you'd like a closer look, then check out the behind the scenes walking tour with a chance for the whole family to get close and personal with the plants and growing techniques in our laboratory. Please keep your hands up inside the boat. Stop. Heat. Heat. Happy birthday. Please keep your hands inside the Uh, thank you. For your safety, please remain until the boat and watch your step. For your safety, all right, guys. Sorry there was a little lag on there. kind of weird they're in the greenhouse, but you know, hopefully we can get it fixed here as soon as we get out. Thank you. All right, welcome in. If you guys are just joining, Josh and I are doing some park hopping virtually. Josh is at Hollywood Studios. I'm here at Epcot. And uh let's get out of this craziness and I'll show you our festive friends we have tonight. festive friends. And then don't go anywhere cuz just a little bit we're going to be sending you back to Josh for uh fantastic. It's going to be fantastic. All right, guys. Oops. Sorry. Uh oh. Wait. Watch where I'm going. I'm going to fall. No falling allowed tonight. No falling alone. All right. All right. Here we go. Here we go. Not sure where we're going to go next. Maybe we'll try um Nemo. We could go over to do Mexico. Oh, I mean both of them are great. Can't go wrong with either. I'm thinking maybe some Mimo since it's right here. Um, but let me see. Josh Message. Yep. Oh, yeah. Let's go in the festival center. I forgot about that. Um, it's got the pretty spaces of birth in there. It's all gingerbreaded up. All right, guys. As we're walking, I'll show you our friends. We have Sharon and Andy, or as I like to call them, Chandandy. Chandandy here. They're here and they're festive and they're ready for some fun. So, uh, we're the Epcot crew and Josh is at Hollywood. I heard he got to show you the Taylor Swift stuff. That is pretty cool. We were a little jealous. We were a little jealous. We almost changed plans and said, "Ah, let's not do the back and forth. Let's just go to Hollywood." But I figured I can go another day. So, all right. Let's go show you the festival center. And then if we Oh, look at Peppermint Spaceship Earth. So pretty. And then if we have time, we'll go ride another ride. If not, we have Fantasmic in less than 30 minutes. So, don't go anywhere. So, yes, Josh will show you that 7:30 and then we're going to show you Luminous at 9:30. That's right. It's at 9:30 um because of candle light tonight. So, the park gets a extra half hour during the holidays, which is very rare for Epcot. Usually 9:00 that's it. Yep. So, during the holidays and of course New Year's Eve, it's open even later. Uh, let's see. Cut back over. Yeah. And if you're wondering, it's crowded. It is a very busy night. We got in line for the land and it said, what did it say when we first got in? 50. I think it said 50. And then it went it said 50 and then it went to 75 and then it went to 90. It took us about 50, I think. I think it was about right. Almost an hour. Not quite. So, uh, yeah, the lightning lane was insane. It was over in the seating area and then out the side. Yeah. By the escalator. Lightning lane. Not quite as long as our standby line, but it was very long. It was very long. So, I I'm curious how long they actually waited. If we waited 50, I bet they waited 25, maybe 30. Yeah, it was slow lightning to me. Yes, it was a very slow lightning. Love that. Hey, Mega Byron. Everybody saying hi to you guys in the chat. It's easier to say hi in in person than in the chat, right? I think it's worth the wait for Living with Land. Well, maybe not 90 minutes, but because at night time those lights look amazing. Oh my goodness. And they have more lights, I feel like, and more decorations. And yeah, it's it's awesome. They did a great job. All right, here we go into the festival center. See, it does lag in here a little bit. So, just uh stay tuned and I'll fix it if I need to. They do have the cookies. They do have tables in here, but it's packed. But here we go. And this does a show. Looks like it won't do it again in for another seven minutes. But look how pretty. So pretty. Hi, Candy. Hi, Kevin. Hi, Rita. Tim is here, but he's not here. Happy Christmas from Epic. Hello, Tim in Epic. We're at the other E Park. Uhoh. Says it's going in 7 minutes. 7 minutes. Okay. 7 minutes. Oh, yeah. Citizen watches. Sponsored, I'm sure. A Catalina, I'm so sorry you're not feeling well. I hope you feel better. Hey, classy dizzy moms. Over here, the line is pretty long. It sure is. I love gingerbread caught me too. Hey, thanks for bopping the like. Yeah, if you haven't already, please bop it. Oh, cool. Carver Box. Hey, Katie. Hey, Christopher Black. How are you tonight? Happy Friday. So, we have a little bit. I guess let's go check out the merch while we're waiting on this little show to go. Over here is where Santa meets and greets when he's here. Oh, Tim has his gimbal. We can pass him the stream. All right, Tim. You ready? Here we go. We're sending you to Tim and No, just kidding. Guys, look at him in his little sweater. Wait, here. Hold him. You guys match. You need him. Twinsies. I do need you. Right. She does. She does. He's so cute. He is soft. I'm like, I don't need any more plushies, but I need him. Same. Hi, crazy cat lady. And then we've got the ornament, which I also love. So cute. And then the ears, which I had to have. Sharon has them on tonight. Sure do. And um the throw blanket, which is also amazing. So soft. A throw blanket. They're usually a little pricey. How much are you? 70. $ 69.99 I think. Yeah. Yep. Wow. It is big though. Hey DVC or not DVC. DV Tiger Tail John is saying hi to DVC Sharon. Sorry and Andy and family. And family. Yes. Tiger gal is here. All the tigers. Hi. Sorry. We do have the um spirit jersey. Super cute. But I think it would be cuter if it were white. White like the long sleeve shirt for passholders or at least Yeah. I agree. Yes. I agree. And then we've got the bag which I kind of want but I don't need so cute. I'm watching Frozen 2 remembering you guys were live. Oh, thanks for popping over Casey. And then uh here's the sweater that Sharon has on. It's really cute. I love it. It's so soft. It's I believe it's softer this year than last. It's a little bit different material. Yeah, it's This is more like a sweater and last year was more like a sweatshirt. Yeah, like a sweatshirt. And they're both nice. Yeah, they're both great. Um and you know, of course, he's got his little sweater on there, too. Oh, and let me show you the passholder shirt right here. Also very cute. Nice and lightweight. I almost bought this. This is really fun. Hi, Carol. Love the light blue. Me, too. And the mug. This reminds me of the mug on Santa Claus that he drinks with the hot cocoa. Like the shape of it. Oh, yeah. You know, with Tim Allen. That movie. Me, too. This is really cute. However, it's not dishwasher or microwave safe cuz it's got gold on it. Yeah. Unfortunately, but it's cute. All right, let's head back over and see what our time is on the clock. 2 minutes. All right, we got time. Hi, Thomas. That would be a great photo op with Santa right there. Oh, look. You can put your letters in there to Santa. They already collected them. Tim Tim can't tag from the Ministry of Magic line. Have fun, Tim. Yeah, I agree. It's fun to see different styles of mugs for sure. All right, guys. Everybody's getting ready, so we better hang out. We don't have much longer. Somebody's trying to It's okay. No worries. You're fine. You're good. I'm just doing a video, so I'm I'm good. Thank you. All right. So, we That was very sweet. You haven't written your letter yet. Robert, you better get on it. Tell Santa what you want. We got what? Christmas in 12 days, I believe, right? Oh my goodness. Christmas Eve in 12 days, I guess. Well, today's the 12th. So, yeah. Unreal. Crazy, right? Crazy. Crazy. Hi, Elizabeth. So, don't go anywhere, guys. We're going to watch this and then we'll probably do some walking around and send you back to Josh. Fax it. Fax it to Santa. Okay. Or you could do like the Muppets and, you know, get on a plane with your letter to make sure it gets to the and then jump off the plane. No, don't do that. Don't do that. But that's what the Muppets did. Do you ever see that one? Letters to Santa with the Muppets. No, it's cute. It's on Disney Plus. Okay. So, it's not part of the other one that you Christmas Carol. No, that is a classic from my childhood. I have a lot of watching to do. You need to watch all the Muppets and um you have to watch the holiday with Cameron. Uh yeah, I'm having a hard time finding that one on um you know on demand. Is it not on that? Hi. How are you? How are you? Yeah. Yeah. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. 17. Hi Daryl. You send them to Stitchy Claws. I love that. They're counting down. 6 5 4 3 2 1 I wouldn't say or there would be There's another way. No, it's actually electric. I love my birthday. actually that makes the ride computer did something. And then Yeah. And then the computer wouldn't turn on. And then when the computer says instead, how did that work? All right, there we go, guys. How cool was that? Love it. Love it. I love that they light that they lit up a gingerbread space. Hi, how are you? Good to see you. What's that? Just got here today. Oh, nice. I'm a little drained. I bet you are. Travel days are never fun. Do you want to say hi? Yeah, sure. Taggy, right? Yes, it's Taggy. How's it going? It's been a couple months. Awesome. How long are you here this time? I will be here till Tuesday morning. Okay, nice. Got Jollywood tomorrow. Awesome. Got Christmas party on Sunday. Fun. Back here on Monday to do candling. Cool. Well, we'll be at the Christmas party on Sunday or I will and Sharon. Josh will not. But yeah, it'll be fun. Excited. You guys Yeah, definitely. It'll be a fun night. Hopefully not as cold, right? It's actually today's pretty pretty nice. Good so far. Good so far. Layers. It's all about the weather. It is. That's what everybody always asks and we're like layer layer. Bring all the things. Bring your shorts. Bring your t-shirts. Bring your sweaters. We got a bag. You can if you get hot, you can stuff it. Exactly. You can always get a locker if you need to. But yeah, but no rain. Hey, we are good. Yes. Last Sunday. Oh, I saw poured. So, I'm glad glad we didn't go to that one. I am thankful for that. And back home, we're supposed to get snow this weekend, but I live in this funky little area, Virginia, where the snow just skips us all the time. I bet you're okay. Nice and not so nice. Sometimes we do want snow. That's true. Like Christmas time and you know. Yeah, it's there's this little area that's just historically snow like you'll see a mold. Yeah. That's so weird. Interesting. Well, hopefully you'll get a little bit this year. We had a little bit so a couple weeks ago, so maybe maybe we'll get some. Good deal. Cool. Well, Christmas is always fun. It is. I agree. You don't down here, but you get snow. We get snow. And I I've lived in Northern Indiana, so I'm good. I've had my share. I grew up in Ohio, so you know, too. Mhm. Yep. Lake effect snow. It was bad. I don't miss it. I don't miss shoveling snow. Yeah. Although we we can get snow where I live. We have had 2 ft of snow. Wow. Okay. Through that and I don't really want to do Yeah, I'm good. Yeah. No, cool. Well, I'm glad you're here to enjoy all the festivities. Have a rest of your evening. Thank you. You too. Walk around and Sounds good. Awesome. All right. See you later. You, too. Oh, they're the snow. Norway. China. Oh, fun. Germany. Italy, US. Yep. Japan, Morocco, France, England, Canada. Good job. Oh my goodness. That's really what we're looking at on here. Uh-huh. You're right. Now we know which pavilion cuz they're all there's several on here and they're hidden and they're hard to tell what they are. Like here's one right here. Yeah. So that's purple fanatic. Yeah, that's America. And uh here's one down here. That is Norway. Norway. Good job. And it looks like it could be Japan or Yeah, that's China, right? Right here. Yes, correct. Cool. We're getting it. Hi, JC Travels. So, guys, if you are just joining us, we are doing a holiday hopping stream. Josh is in Hollywood Studios. We're here in Epcot and we're going to be sending the stream back and forth all night long. So, uh we have in about 9 minutes. Fantastic. Josh is going to be showing that to you, so stay tuned. I'll see when he wants to take the stream back. Probably right before Fantasmic. Make sure he hasn't messaged. Well, why don't we head out to the middle here and get a good view of Spaceship Earth before we pass it back to Josh? Some are pretty hard to find. And yes, China is twice. Oh, okay. Cool. Josh, nice. After being in the hot inside, this feels good. I'm sure it won't end here in a minute, but right now it feels good. Mhm. Supposed to get down in the 50s tonight. Last night you got in the 40s or this morning, I guess. I mean, it feels kind of nice, you know, like this cool morning. Yeah, I don't mind as long as I don't have to like, you know, sit out in it for a while or it the worst was our princess run. That was So cold. Standing forever. For hours. Yeah. I'm hoping cuz Dale and I have the marathon weekend. We're doing the 10K. I hope the weather's not as cold. We'll see. The worst is standing in your corral just waiting to go. But I mean, you should be warm by the end of the 10K. True. Good point. And the worst part was the wind that day. Remember? Oh, it was awful. Oh, guys, look. It's a green peppermint. A mint. Another mint. Hi, Britney. Can you say hi to Lexi from Cincinnati? Hi, Lexi. Happy birthday soon. All right, we got the DJ going over here getting us ready for New Year's Eve coming up. He'll be here before we know it. All right, let's do a pivot and we'll get a good view of the the peppermint right here. How pretty is that? Oh my goodness. Isn't it pretty? Let me turn down the sun so you guys can see it a little bit better. Let's see. I'm going to go this. There we go. Maybe that's better. Spend more money for pens. Oh, Mr. Master, it's easy to do. 100%. Let me turn down the brightness level just a little more. See if Yeah, now you can see the peppermint even better. So Josh is going to be showing you Fantasmic and then at 9:30, like I said, we're going to show you Luminous. Pretty view of Gio 82. Oh, how fun is that? Yeah, you can see it right there in the window. That is amazing. Yeah, make sure you bop the like button. We have almost 2,000 in the chat. And if you've not already bopped the like button, go ahead and do so. We're close to 700 likes. We'd love And also, if you've not subscribed, we'd love to add you to the resort hopper family. Hit that subscribe button. Winter mint. There you go. Winter mint. Is it like double mint? Double mint gum. That was green, right? Or is green. I guess it's still available. You can still buy it. I think so. Like that gun. Me too. I did too. Did you enjoy my present? I beamed to Josh. Um I don't know what you're talking about. Sorry, Mr. Master. You'll have to fill me in. It is cold. Yeah, DJ. It is cold for Florida for sure. Like number 700. Thanks, Justin. Hi, Annette. And guys, tomorrow night is magical night of hope. So, um, you don't want to miss it. Tomorrow night, 600 p.m., we're going to be showing Magical Night of Hope right here on Resort TV 1. We'll also be showing it on Cory Eats World's channel as well as Ste's World. So, um, yeah, tomorrow night for Give Kids a World. You don't want to miss that as well. All right, looks like Josh is ready. So, we're going to send you over to Hollywood Studios for Fantasmic. Enjoy Fantasmic and then we'll see you back here in just a little bit. I was going to buy one. Welcome back everybody. We're just four minutes away from Fantasmic. We got a great seat and we're ready to go. All right, welcome in. just a couple minutes away. Oh yeah, it's full. It sure is, Robert. Yes, we did the wave just a minute ago. We only did it once for some reason. At least that I could see. I love the Christmas soundtrack. It's fun. Hey, Dave. Just 3 minutes. All the Christmas jazz, man. Jazz is king at Christmas for sure. I miss our dragon so much. Yeah, Lori. I've heard I've heard some not so great news about the dragon. I don't I don't know if she is coming back at all. We'll see. Hopefully they do, but I've just heard it's not looking great. You're a WW Pro. You got there way in advance to have a wonderful view. Thanks, Blair. Yeah, once this light goes off, it'll be perfect. I got a light right on me, but it's okay for now. No. Fantasmic doesn't add any holiday music or overlay. We got people with lights on. Uh JL $5. I forgot to mention Hey Arnold's Christmas episode. Yeah, nice. Always fun. Thanks, JL. Turn down the brightness a little bit. Wave the phones. All right. Hey, Isaac. Just in time to do the lyrics, as he does so well. Less than one minute away from the showtime. Here we go. Merry Christmas everybody. About 15 seconds. Welcome to Fantastical for all to enjoy. Nothing is more wonderful than the imagination. For in a moment, you can experience a beautiful fantasy or an exciting adventure. But beware, nothing is more powerful than the imagination. For it can also expand your greatest fears into an overwhelming nightmare. Are the powers of Mickey's incredible imagination strong enough and bright enough to withstand the evil forces that invade Mickey's dream? You are about to find out. For we now invite you to join Mickey and experience Fantasmic, a journey beyond your wildest imagination. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. mind and you can find in your imagination mysteries and magic visions fantastic leading to strange wonderous dreams. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. again. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. over there. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, what's going on? I could use a little help. Hello. What I love most about is you can't stop being the same twice. The water's always changing, always flowing. Good people, I guess, can't live like that. We all must pay a price to be safe. We lose our chance. Never knowing what's around to waiting just around the river. Heat. Heat. Great with all the strength of fire. We must be asing with the voice of a great fire as the dark side. One jump ahead of the hitman. One hit ahead of the clock. I think I'll take a stroll around the block. Hey, he's over there. Come on. This way. Let's go. They find out there's so much more to me. I'm no longer on my show. Let me see you. Oh my darling home world. I show you. You've come so far. Oh, I love this. I am the daughter of the village team. We are descended from the voyagers on their way across the world. Make me calling nothing at all. It's like the night falling walking and I will tell you my heart you me I know the way I Heat. Heat. See in your mind and you can find in your imagination tales of enchantment beauty and romance happily ever You're after you all this time. True as it can be. Barely even friends unexpectedly. as the sun rising in the east. Tail is all this time. Song is old as beauty and beast. What if I will be more to spend the day on the real they understand that they don't reprimand your ride your I said swimming ready to stay. Someday my friends will come. Someday we'll find true love. Hail is all this time. Hail flame in the magic mirror. Come from the farthest space. Through wind and darkness I summon thee. Speak. Let me be seen not in fame is thy beauty majesty but hold three lovely maids I see and here in Mickey's imagination beauty and love will always survive snow A magic spell in the black of night with a scream of fright and a b of light. Turn my hair to fight. Now I'll turn that little mouse's dream into a nightmare fantasmic. Imagine this magic mirror on the wall. All the forces of evil I call. You have the power to control his mind. Keep the uniting under tonight. Let's do a good job and take his spirit tonight. Yes. Perfect. It's too late. Power is time to say goodbye to Mickey and the game of wonder. Look out. Look out. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, look. A magic lamp. Maybe if I just rub it and wish. Oh no. I'm cool. Mickey starts a roll. Oh, you'll love this. One more thing. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Now you will deal with me and all the powers of my imagination. Oh no. Heat. Heat. Imagine dangerous. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You may think you're so powerful. Well, this is my dream. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. in your mind forces to blind you with bright. You use your mind to brighten the light creating a light. Heat. Heat. Solomon, huh? All right. Hope you guys enjoyed Fantasmic. Sorry about the lag in there. Who knows? Who knows why it happens, but sometimes it does. Please exit at the rear of the theater. I hope you enjoyed it anyway. Do not walk on. All right, let me see if Jenna wants to take it for a minute. for your cooperation. As I get out of here, you want to take it while I get out of the theater. Good stuff. you enjoyed the island at the rear of the interview and for your cooperation and have a wonderful evening. He's still having some lag. I don't know what the deal is. I must have chose the wrong connection. We're back. Hey, RJ. Yeah. So fun. Good show. Good show. Loving it. It's going to take us a minute to get out, but that's all right. Yeah. Heat. Sing it, guys. Heat. Heat. All right, guys. We're going to send you I'm going to step over here for a minute. We're going to send you over to Jenna. Send you over to Epcot while I figure out how to get out of here. So, thank you so much for joining me tonight. really enjoyed it. Each showing a fantasmic cost 25,000. Wow, that's amazing. All it takes is about 150 paying guests to pay for it. Wow, that's crazy. All right, guys. We'll see you over in Epcot with Jenna. I think she's going to ride a ride. So, we'll see you over there. Send you over Epcot in three, two, and one. Well, hey guys. Welcome back to Epcot. Hope you enjoyed Fantasmic with Josh. Always a great show. And while he's getting out of out of the theater, we'll show you a little bit of Epcot. Um, I don't know if we have time to do Mexico or not, but we can at least walk over there, see what it looks like, and then uh we could take you on there. Let me ask Josh. All right. Hello, Isaac. Welcome in. All right. We're going to go do Mexico. As long as the line is short, I'm sure it's not too bad. Most people are uh in line at the land. Yes, we are. Or at the food booth. Candlelight. There's a lot of things going on tonight. Yeah. Hello, Anna. How are you? Hey, R.J., did you know Mickey imagined the whole thing? No way. I did not know that. You gave it away. I'm just kidding. That's cool. Hey, Matt. Before anyone asks, Resort TV1's transportation time portals are not for sale. Oh, that's funny. Cara box. I love it. Hey, Francis. It's going to take a while for him to get out of the theater. He said it was busy, so I'm sure it'll take a little bit. That theater is packed. It does get really tough to get out of Yeah. Especially I don't know where he was at. So, depending on where you're at, it can take several minutes. Exactly. But let's go ride the Mexico ride. It' be fun if they put lights. I mean, there's already lights in there, so it's kind of festive anyways, but but yeah, it would be cool if they made it even more festive. Sorry, that's okay. The temperature is really nice. It is. It's not windy, so that helps. When it's windy at Epcot, it is cold. Like the day we came from to celebrate my birthday after Thanksgiving, that wind was cold that day. We were going to get a margarita and then it was too cold for margaritas. Sad day. Next time. All right, guys. Here we go. What's the line like for Margs? Well, we'll see. We're heading in. It might be longer than the ride. Yeah, sometimes it is. It usually is, especially on Cinco de Mayo. All right. Looks like they've got the margs to the right. I like that. Me, too. And the ride people to the left. Yep. Ride to the left. All right. And shopping. Derl and Victoria Craig sending. There we go. Sending $10 says, "Hi, Jenna. We're looking forward to seeing you, Josh and Dale, tomorrow night at Give Kids the World." Oh, we can't wait to see you too, Darl and Victoria. Thank you so much for the $10 super chat and thanks for coming to support Give Cuts the World. Can't wait to see you guys. Feliz Na'vi. That's right. Uhhuh. That is a long line. Oh, they do have some pretty decorations up around the shops. Oh, this line's kind of busy, too, actually. They just don't have it queued up right here so bad in there. Oh, you're right. Just trying to get in the line. Confusing. Hi guys. The rest of the parties, please keep moving all the way down. Trying. Okay, we made it. There we go. All right. It was just a little Hi, guys. We take one step to the right. A cherry is coming right. I think everybody was trying to finish a beverage or food or something. Hi guys. Right this way. Hi guys. You're going to follow my There's a line for the line. I know, right? So funny. All right. So, this is where we were originally going to eat on my birthday and then we decided to pivot and go to Margaritavville at CityWalk. I love the food there. Yeah, it was a good pivot. Still Still getting margaritas, so I was happy about that. Chips and guac. Love me some chips and guac. They have some good ones. Yeah, they should. Margaritas and a hat. Wouldn't that be pretty? Me, too. My favorite dish at the restaurant to the right is mole koblano. I That sounds good. I don't know what it is, but it sounds good. So guys, I don't know if Josh has done any sponsors yet or not, but while we're walking through the line here, let's chat about um mickeytras.com. mickeyras.com. They will help you book your trip right here to Walt Disney World. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book the trip yourself. We help you plan for free with our expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com. Also, go to mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. Hi, Georgie. Yeah, this won't be very long. Yeah. I don't know why we're lagging in here. This is normally lag. How many are we? How many are we? Two. Can I do the back row whenever we number five? Yeah. Oh, okay. Okay, we're waiting for the Okay. All right, guys. Please keep moving all the way forward. Sorry about the lag, guys. I do not know what's happening here. Nice watch. Oh my god. I am and this is not They got something this way. This way. without security going Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Excuse me. You will see the ducks. Hey. Hey. Goodbye. destructive. Die. It's okay. It's so Yeah. We have no matter where he goes. They want you to go together. Every harvest to guide us to play as we go. We think that we that means I cannot I don't drink here. See you next time. Mexico. Thanks for coming to Mexico and come again soon. waiting for you. Amigos, thanks for coming to the show. magic for you. Mexico. See you again. Hey, catch us on your terrific audience. See you next time. Ask for Hey, amigos. Come again soon. Waiting for you. Come again. See you next time. See you next time. And next time please stay on the okay for coming to Mexico and come again soon waiting for you amigos. Sorry guys it's a little laggy here. We got a little hold up. Thanks for coming to the show. It's like bunker. really bad right here. But see you again. We'll get our potato out here in a second. See you next time. Remember to stay safe. That's right. Traveling back from Mexico in a few is not bad. It's true. It's true. Yes. Please pop the light. We're getting close to 900. Oh, they added new handrails. I feel like those are new or they came here. Either way. I think they're yellow. You can see them. Yes. I feel like No, I feel like they're new, but maybe not. See guys, they're yellow. Happy birthday, Noel. When's your birthday? Oh, I think I saw you said 20th. Happy early birthday. All right, here we go. Oops. Sorry. Hi. How are you? Awesome. Nice to meet you. You, too. Do you want to say hi on the on the stream? Yeah. What's your name? Steve. Steve. Nice to meet you, Steve. Here, let me uh let me get out of potato mode here. They'll see you a little better. Hello, everybody. Yeah, we can do that. That's fine. Yeah, you guys are famous. Awesome. Oh, yeah. Of course. Of course. Nice to meet you. It's so nice to see you back all the time. Yeah. Merry Christmas. Hoping to be here. It's nice of you. Awesome. Of course. Thanks for watching. Thank you so much. Where are you guys from? Massachusetts. Massachusetts. Okay. Nice. Yeah, I bet. I bet it's really cold. You're probably loving this weather. It's been great today for sure. Yeah. Yeah. No worries. Yeah. You guys have a fun night, too. All right. Awesome. Here we go, guys. Always love saying hello. Oh, that's really cold. Oh my goodness. 8° sounds yucky. Um Oh, Josh is going to take the stream. So, uh, he is live now. So, guys, we're going to send you right back over to Hollywood Studios. So, uh, we'll see you back here in a little bit. We have Luminous at 9:30, so you don't want to miss it. Do not leave the stream. stay until after Luminous and uh you know until we end the stream. So enjoy some more Hollywood Studios with Josh here. We'll do a little little picture right here. See you guys in a little bit. They were taking a picture. Yeah. Do you see? Welcome back everybody. Uh, let's see. Walk off 9. Jen and Josh, can I send you guys some gourmet peanut butter to your PO box making silver 20 flavors? And after my last show on 20 1220, I'll have a surprise. Thanks, Marty. That's very kind. Um, I don't eat anything peanut butter, but Jenna does, so I'm sure she'd love to try it. Thank you. That's very kind. Appreciate that. And thanks for the super job. That time of year. Where do we go? Let's watch Olaf. Then we'll go ride some wondering what your family does at that time of year. Love and joy and peace on earth and tidings of good cheer. Do you have tradition things for that time of year? Thanks for caring what you do. Good boy. Happy lids. All right, let's see if we can get Excuse me. Sorry. See if we can get out of here. It's been crazy crowds. Oh, welcome back everybody. It's uh it's snowing. It's snowing. Oh, there you go. That's a good one. Cool, huh? Sorry. Tell your tell us what your favorite tradition is and we'll decide if it's special enough. I love that part. All right, we're going to go up here. Boy, I'll tell you what, the releasing of one Fantasmic and the loading of the other is kind of crazy. Getting some serious mystery science 3000 theater vibes from that balloon. Oh, really? I didn't know. Hi. Why did you invite 10 million people here? I tried not to, but they all showed up anyway. It's It's pretty Merry Christmas. Pretty busy. Well, there's only two parks you can go to, so Yeah, I know. That's the way it is. Halloween and Christmas. I know, man. I'm just like We came out for a couple hours on a Friday night. Yeah, I know. It's crazy. I think we're seeing you, too. Really? Christmas bells. Ring those Christmas bells. All right. Well, friends. Hey, Nikki. Yes, thanks to Isaac for all the lyrics, the festive lyrics and and fantasmic and all the things in between. You can't really see it from here, but yeah. All right. Well, let's go. First of all, we have time. Uh, I'm going to keep it until um Luminous and Jenna's going to show Luminous at 9. We don't have very long actually before this park closes and the last Fantasmic loads. So, um I'm going to keep it for a little while. Um but we're going to go over and try and see that Taylor Swift thing really quick again just in case anyone missed it. Maybe we'll get a better view of it. Maybe. Hey Josh. Hi. But then again, hi. Maybe not. We'll see. I am like almost getting run over several times here. Anyway, um but yeah, maybe we can get a better view of that and then we'll go. The plan is uh maybe go ride uh the Smuggler's Run or something cuz it's not a very long wait right now. No, I do not have shorts on today. No shorts. I've got a sweater and some jeans. You probably won't be able to see, so I won't selfie here cuz it's too dark. But yeah, have to trust me. I'm the biggest down here. I hope everybody's having an awesome night tonight, hanging out here at both Hollywood Studios and Epcot. We're trying to give you the best of both worlds. And uh you don't even have to wait in line. You just get to do all the fun stuff and let Jen and I wait in line. Jenna's waiting for Luminous right now while I walk you guys around. And it's just kind of nice way to uh we love the stream hopping cuz it's a nice way to enjoy a stream without um without waiting as much, without all the dead time. So, kind of nice. Either way, we'll see what's going on here. It might be pretty busy, but Oh, did they close it? Oh, they closed it. Just kidding. I forgot it closed. It closed at 8, I think. Cool. Oh, let's go through Toy Story Land then. All right. Uh let's see. What are we doing on How are we doing on sponsors? Let's talk about our next one. Davis DBC Rentals. DBCrequest.com/tv. It's dbcrequest.com/tv. If you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, that's kind of cool. The lighting over there, just check out David's DVC rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. Again, dbcrequest.com/tvc rentalals also. Oh, yeah. Right, right, right. I saw this the other night. The little kaleidoscope things were very similar. I'm sure there's another name for it, but Whatever. When you're doing all the rides video, please include the parking lot tram. It's a good one, Jay. I love it. I love it. I mean, Montreal, too, right? All the transportation, buses, you name it. All right. The holidays are here. Anyway, yeah, Davis DVC rentals, dbcrequest.com/tv. Let's see where else are we going here. Or what else? Uh, man, it is like crowded. What other sponsors do we need to talk about? Uh, how about DreamTable? Dream Table is an amazing app for iPhone or iPad, iOS, that will help you get the hardest to find reservations here at Walt Disney World. Uh, it basically searches and searches and searches and tries to find a reservation for you. I love Woody's Woody's uh scarf there. Isn't that nice? So yeah, anyway, Dream Table is such a cool thing. Um, you can set search this for whatever restaurant you want at any of the parks. It actually works at any of the parks as far as I understand. Um, and then you can also even use experiences. Um, so you can book like a Bibbid Bobby Boutique or like a tour or something else. Um, and you tell it what day you want to do it. It'll tell you if there's anything available. And then um if it's not if there's nothing available, it will keep searching and searching and searching and searching until it finds something for you. It's really cool. Just go check it out at dreamtable.co. The membership is really really reasonable. It's like $9.99 a month, so you can just do it a little bit before you go on your trip and it'll it'll be great. Or you can I think it's like 35 a year or something. I can't remember. But either way, very reasonable. So go check it out at dreamtable.co or um this is a cool Toy Story shirt. dreamtable.co or dreamtable on the app store. Just search for Dreamtable on the App Store. Check that out. I like that. That's just a standard Toy Story Land shirt. And then Hollywood Studios Christmas. How fun. Good stuff. All right, moving on. Let's go see if we can ride something. Obviously, these lights are always up. Uh, I hope everybody's having an awesome day today. Played a game of Disney Jeopardy on Inside the Magic YouTube channel. It's a lot like a regular Jeopardy. Oh, yeah. I saw that they did that. I guess I'm still subscribed to them. They've gone through some ownership changes, so I I haven't really paid much attention, but that's cool. Okay. Disney's thrown a few 24-hour days. Yeah, for sure. for sure. Yeah, we're not going to make it to uh Spaceship Earth, unfortunately, because Jenna is finding a spot for Luminous right now. That's the plan. So, not a ton of decorations here. Although, this uh this ham ham cookie is fun. The color wheel is for the Everglain fall foil trees from the 60s. Is that what they were talking about on Charlie Brown Christmas when they had they talked about aluminum Christmas trees? Cuz it's so funny cuz that show is old enough when they say aluminum Christmas trees. And I'm always like, what? I've never seen an aluminum Christmas tree. They have Christmas music on here or not? Doesn't seem like it. Maybe it did. It's hard to tell. Oh well, we don't have much time, so I need to get moving if I want to ride something. So, Santa Ham every third ride. Okay, thanks Amara. I was wondering I think I kind of remember that from last year. I thank you for the reminder. Like now that you said that I'm like, "Yeah, that sounds right. Something going on over here." I will like they're going to put in another stand over here. It's got giant toothpicks coming out of it. Popcorn. It appears to be go on the saucers. Oh. Popcorn and snacks. How fun. That looks like a flipped over uh popcorn bucket. That's cute. I like that. Okay, come on. That's cool. We still need They still need like more indoor locations here. Wonder if Charlie Brown's attempting to predict the future of aluminum Christmas trees. Yeah, I remember the old tinsel trees. I just didn't know about it. Aluminum Christmas trees were definitely thing in the ' 50s and60s. Interesting. Everything is aluminum now. They weren't that far off. I guess apparently it was a thing. It must have been. I wonder if though artificial trees weren't a thing yet, right? Cuz plastic maybe hadn't come that far yet. Is that true? My great aunt had one of those aluminum Christmas trees from the 60s when I was a kid. Not my taste, but the whole thing was silver. Reflect the changing colors of the light wheel. Hold. Okay, hold on. I got to see this now. Okay, I got to see this. What does an aluminum Christmas tree look like? Aha. And there's the color wheel. Yep. Kind of cool, but not my taste. You can buy it right now for Okay. a lot of money. $1,300. Yeah. Rabbit. could spear a wild boar with those toothpicks. Yeah, it is said that the Charlie Brown Christmas special killed the fat overnight because of its criticism of those type of trees. That's interesting. The power of the of the uh power of TV. I guess fake trees in the 70s look fake. Yeah. But I wonder if in the 50s and 60s they couldn't do fake needle trees. Anyway, I don't know. I guess we can do a history of Christmas trees later. I'm glad we all get to hang out tonight. That's true. Plastic artificial trees were not a thing yet. My grandmother had an aluminum Christmas tree with a spotlight that had the rotating color wheel. That's so fun. Okay. I just learned about the rotating color wheel. How fun. I mean, to me it was like a kaleidoscope, but I know that's not the same thing. So, I don't know. Oh, we got storm troopers over here chilling like a villain cuz they are turn off the flash traveler. Yeah. All right. Fun. Fun. Okay. Looks like her uh microphone's not working. Yeah, that's right. Move along. It was weird seeing everybody so quiet. The storm troopers weren't talking either. Let's go see if we can get some coaxium for Hondo. Basova and you cannot safely hang strings of lights on them because the danger of an electrical short and fire. Oh, because of the metal. Yeah, makes sense. That's why they had the color wheels on them. Wow. The more you know. The more you know. How they just All right. I've never noticed this over here before. Has this always been a thing? These like fans over here. Is that new? I think that's new. If not, I have been missing out. That looks like a projection. That's definitely new. weird. Okay, have fun. All right. Hello. Thank you. All right, I'm going to switch connection really quick. Bear with me for like 3 seconds. Hey Dave, good to see you. Be right back. Welcome back. Uh, I told you be fast. You remember the fans? I've never seen those before. What am I? Something's caught on. There we go. Hey, Thomas. C9 bulbs. I know those are so good. They're the I call them the nightlight size bulbs, but yes, those are so good. Single rider. Clap clap clap clap clap. See what position. I usually get engineer, but it's fine. I'm fine either way. I literally did it last. Am I single? Gun is an engineer. Head all the way down. Have fun. All right. Your girls are gunners. They're not new. There's just difficulty in the daylight. Okay, cool. I've never noticed that before. And this place has been open since 2019. Crazy. Weird cuz I've been here at night, but maybe they weren't working when I was here. Joshua Steel, nine months of resort bronze. Love this channel so much. Y'all bring the Disney parks to me. I love Jenna and Josh so much. This channel is awesome. Merry Christmas to all of you. Thank you so much. Merry Christmas to you, too, Joshua. Exactly. Everybody's favorite activities. All right, I'm going to have you make a really cool U-turn right behind that group. Have a great time. They're right this way. Awesome. Those droids. That's pretty cool. Pretty crazy stuff. What kind of droids did you make? That's right, Brad. Brad run solo is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're going to get. I love the hub cap. Look at the hub cap. All right. You have silence licenses here. Yes, I believe you. That makes sense. Oh, if you're making your turn right here, have a great answer. Great. All right. You're left and right. Up and down. Yeah. Yeah. Don't crash the Honda guys. Have you ever done? Yeah. I mean the problem is with chewing is that like I can't understand a word that he says. So like I can't tell I don't so he's just yabing in my ear all like you might as well drop a hug. I don't I don't speak the you know it's not it's not my prerogative. I just he terrifies me. I'm only 5'5. He's way bigger than I am and he's like I'm scared of him. Talking about Chewy. Have a good time. All right. Dapper Kuck. That sounds very cold. Sounds very cold. It's got to be expensive to heat your house. What What What temperature do you keep your house? Out of curiosity. Excellent. You will be intercepting a first order train shipment of coaxial. Gunners, you clear the bath. Pilots, line up behind the train. And engineers, you are boo that precious cargo. All right, into the cockpit. I hope you are ready, my friends, but to be sure, I will be coming along. Seat belts on. Let's go. Let's go. For your safety, remain seated and supervised, young ladies. All right, buckle up and place all bags at your feet. Seat belts go from the wall to the aisle. All right, my pilots, go ahead and pull those yellow tabs for me, please. Thank you. Gunners, your turn. Pull the yellow, princess. Princess as far as you can. Thank you. Pull the yellow. Pull the yellow. All right, press those flashing. Flight engineer repair next. Hit your flashing button. You better be faster when we get into trouble. Right, pilot, push the flashing button to take off. Pilot on the left, move your stick to fly right and left. I was just about to say that. Pilot on the right. Pull back on the stick to fly up and push forward to fly down. Julie makes flying this big room easy. Eh, weapons are online. Left pilot, hit the boosters. Now, let's go get that. Right pilot, the jump to light speed. Papa. Yes. Keep shooting. They've locked on to us. Take native action. There it is. After that flight engineers, fire the gun. Shoot the cargo. The pilot bridge. Well, that could have been much worse. Okay, it's much worse. Yes, you got one. Excellent. My friends, the power of the ship. Well, I grab the Gaxium. You see, just as I promised, my friend. Come on, let's get another container of Roaxium. Pilot line up behind the crate so we can har that last cars the yes he's passing those controls that car yes yes I will you keep gunship. Things are getting too hard. We got to get out of here. A distraction. Fire the missiles in the tree. Hurry. Watch out. Star destroyer is collapsing. You got it. Hit the boosters. Who's moving? I don't believe it, but we made it. Now, let's get out of Great job, my friends. You retrieve two containers of Coaxia. This will greatly help the resistance. You have heard the first order and made Chewy proud. True. Now, after my modest profit, your cut minus what you owe me for damaging the Falcon is Hey, not bad. All right. I am making an executive decision. Everybody out. Go on. Go on. Get out. All available text. We have a Corellian freighter that needs immediate transport. This thing has seen better days. Better fix all that before the Wookie season. Well, we did pretty well. That's one of the higher scores we've gotten. Everybody was locked in, man. Everybody had ridden it before, so everybody knew what to do. Yep, that was a good score. You can't meet 100%. No, you can't. That just means I hit all the buttons in time. Uh, exit this way. Hey, it's your fail John. Greetings from Orlando. Yes, greetings to you, too. Uh, let's see. Yeah, weather's pretty good. I need water. Definitely beats negative whatever. My gosh. Sorry. Dapper Kentucky said he kept it at 22° 22.5. So that's like 70 something 70 71 something like that. My math is math incorrectly. All right. So I'm not going to be able to go on any more rides cuz Jenna's got a fireworks show for you at um 9:00. And so even if I get to a ride, I won't be able to go on it cuz she's got Luminous. So no worries. It was fun to go on one and you did uh two with Jenna. So 3 hours. We got a lot done. But we're going to send you to Jenna send you to Jenna for Luminous in just a few minutes. So let's go back up to uh let's go back up by the Christmas tree. Galaxy's Edge is awesome at night. Hey, Franco. Yeah. And u Mr. Master, we did pretty well. We had a pretty good run. I see the the max was like 13,000. Like I guess you can't get three coaxiums cuz it didn't even give us we we got that coaxium really fast and it didn't give us a chance. Unless I'm Maybe somebody's gotten it sometime. Definitely beats the 20s in Michigan. Yeah, for sure. For sure. No, it just feels nice like right now. Like like you could you can tell like it's a cooler season, but it's not enough to, you know, make it uncomfortable at this point. So, that's good. Oh, no. Luminous is 9:30. That's right. We do have time to do another ride. I'm sorry. Uh, yeah. So, what should we do? Hold on. Please hold. What should we do? Runway railways 35. Let's just see for a second what it is. Uh tower's 40. Everything's really long though. Let's walk a little bit. They have axelottles here. That's not really an axelottle, is it? What is this? It looks like an axelottle. Name my doll. Type man. Hello. Have fun. All right. So, we have a few minutes have seven minutes. Build a droid. Yeah, we could I could do swirling saucers, but I don't know if that would even be really that great, would it? Uh, let's do Can we make it there? Yikes. Uh, Runaway Railway dropped. Let's see Runway Railway. That would be fun. I think that ride sounds like fun tonight. Although, what is Rise? Single for Rise. There's no way Single for Rise is open. Let's just see what Rise is when we get over here cuz uh, Runaway Railway just dropped to 20, which means it's probably getting close to walk on time. So, you're right. Fireworks Luminous is at 9:30. I keep thinking it's 9. Literally Epcot Luminous always 9. It looks like single is down over here. Yeah, they don't do single all the time. 35. Yeah, let's go do runaway. Never mind. I'll Okay, see you. See you. I thought about Star Tours, but it's actually kind of a hard ride to to do because sometimes they don't let you and also sometimes it is hard to film with all the bouncing. So, I think we'll we'll forego that. We should be able to make it to run away in 7 minutes. We just have to Josh a little bit. 6 minutes now. We're almost out of batu. Turn that off. It's a channel one setting. Come on, Manny. When we're running late for school, I tell all the kids to do Josh and Jenna hustle jog. Josh hustle and Jenna jog to get out the door. I love that. That's a fun little jazzy sleigh ride. Hey, Ken. No worries, ex. I figured someone would notice, but it's good to have a reminder. Awesome. Yes, we got the Magical Night of Hope stream up right now. So, definitely go check that out. It's ready for tomorrow night. And of course, as we always do, we turn off monetization and we turn off super chats and all that. Um, it's not off right now because uh we still have this stream going on tonight. It's a regular stream, but um once this stream is over, I'll turn off super chats and all that stuff. So, it's a channelwide setting. But yeah, it's going to be awesome. It's going to be a fun fun magical night. I hope Shaggy Freak, congrats on 24 months of Resort Silver. Two years. Wish I could be at your show tomorrow, Josh. Break a leg. Thanks, Shaggy. It's going to be awesome. All right, at 3 minutes, I think we're right here. We should be fine. Of course, they have a show at 9:00, but you know what? I'd rather ride the ride. Okay. And at 9:00, all the lightning lanes will stop. Amar just posted the link to the stream. Go check it out. Okay, here we go. Is the ride close? We are temporarily unavailable. We are having some technical issues. We're not sure when we will come back up. Okay. So, our lightning lane and our standby will be down. Oh, I guess we'll watch the show then. Okay. I guess we're not riding Runaway. Oh, well, we'll do it another time. And there's no way I'll make it to anywhere else in two minutes. And I'm not running. So, we'll watch the show, I guess. Star Wars. Emily, stay with mom. Ouch, that hurt. Oh, there's no way I'd make this slinky in a minute and a half. Oh, well, no way. There was no way of knowing that. So, the app still shows it open. Let's see. Let's go back here so we can see a little better and go back here around this area. Like right here maybe. Yeah, sure is going to be great. MLA. I know, right? And now, please join us as Disney's Hollywood Studios proudly presents The Wonderful World of Animation. Tonight's the night right here at the Chinese Theater for Mickey's premiere. This gala is sure to be the talk of the town as every star in Hollywood has gathered to see Mickey's latest sensational picture. Just hear those people, kid. And look, there he is, the star himself, Mickey Mouse. And there's his sweetheart, Minnie Mouse. Are the two of them just the cat's meow? Just don't tell Pluto. Let's take a look inside the theater. Heat. Heat. Let's make some This is amazing. Tonight is about family. Okana means family. Heat. Heat. We may have our differences, but unless nothing was more important than family. Behold the under. Where's my super suit? Girls, come on. We presenting the world to the men. I don't think so. Don't let it cover up. I'm ready to beat it, read it, and defeat it. I feel good. But they say if you dream a thing more than once, it should become true. She's in love with me. First we got to breathe. I've never felt this way about anyone. It's me. It is. I just love happy endings. What have we here? It's a sparkly shiny Oh, it's a human. Heat. Heat. Look around. Oh, you can't. You keep surprising me. I got 24 hours to get rid of this booz. And you are wearing Heat. Heat. Did you like this song? I'm already happy. Got the coolest friend in the world. She's not from Grand River anymore. We most certainly are not friendo. We are in the internet. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I asked my brother for help. He sent me here. Heat. Heat. I only hope that we never lose sight of one today. But it was all started by a mouse. T Thanks everybody. It sure has been a whole lot of fun. But trust me, it's only the beginning. See you real soon. Okay. Well, there you go. So far, two fireworks type shows in one night and you're about to see a third one. So, don't go anywhere because at um at 9:30 I'm going to well probably a little before that I'll send you over to Jenna so you can see the awesome awesome um Luminous over at Epcot. We'd never make it over there if we tried to go now. But because Jenna's already there, you're already there. Pretty cool. Let's go check out the tree real quick and then we'll say good night and pass it over to Jenna. And I probably will be saying good night at this point cuz I need to go home and get ready for a magical night of hope tomorrow and all that. But I hope you guys have enjoyed the stream. Different kind of stream. Mostly uh showing stuff. You know, we didn't get to talk very much, but I think maybe that's okay sometimes. So, I hope you enjoyed it. And of course, we're not done yet. Jenna will Thanks, girl. Uh Jenna will of course uh take you shopping, I'm sure, after fireworks and all that kind of stuff. But um I mean, my part of the stream will be done. We won't come back over here cuz this park is now closed. The only thing happening right now is Fantasmic. So cute. Okay. It's a fun store or fun store. Fun show though because you get you get uh you get so many great franchises in there. Somebody said Disney movie magic. That still happens at like 8:40 I think. So that does still happen. It's it's not even on the times guide anymore, I don't think. Thanks everybody. It was a It was an okay stream. I did my best. Wasn't all perfect, but it was fine. Always hard on myself. Oh, thanks, Noel. Hey, get that out of your mouth. Let's get over the walls. Come on. Gotta love the vibe solo. vibe a percussion instrument also a feeling. Thanks Rita. I'll do my best. I haven't had a lot of practice this year cuz I've been so busy, but um I will give it my 100% tomorrow as I always do. I'm not playing any new music really, so um I just didn't have time. I actually had a song picked out and we just couldn't get it all together in time with all the the parts and pieces that go with it. So, but we'll have it for next year, but I think it's still going to be a super fun stream. And at the end of the day, it's not about me or anybody else in the show. It's about raising money for those kids. Oh, here's You don't have to go home, but you can't stay here. You can join us for a day full of action, adventure, and fun here at Disney Studios. We are so glad you played role in today's production and sharing your magic. Please join us for the sequel. Nice. Oh, Tiger Gal, thank you so much. Yeah, me too, center girl. I love the classic decorations. But yes, uh best of luck. Thank you, Tiger Gal. And by the way, that uh that uh Star Wars Millennium Falcon ride was for you. You'd asked for a uh Galaxy's Edge type ride, and uh that was that was a great one because the line was short, so it worked out. All the things. Yeah. Hi, how are you? Hi. Are you streaming Tik Tok or YouTube? YouTube. Same here. Oh, nice. What's your name? Uh, Resort TV1. Josh, nice to meet you. Wait, Resort TV1. Yeah, I watch your channel. That's awesome. What's your channel? Luke's Theme Park Vlog. Luke's theme park vlog. Okay, very cool. So, have you been doing it for a while or just started or? Yeah, we got to get a selfie. Okay, we can do that. Absolutely. Are you good at taking selfies? Well, sure. You want to take? Oh, sure. I can do it. Here. I just want to drop your phone. Okay. Here we go. We got this. We got this. All right. Here we go. I think that worked. Check it out real quick. Make sure it looked good. Yeah. Good to meet you, Luke. Good. Have a good I might see you around sometime. We sure will. All right. Have fun. You too. This reminds me of uh reminds me of Osborne 2. All these all these shows, songs, not shows, all these songs that I equate with Osborne now just cuz it was there at the show. I know they've been around way before blah blah blah, but you know, like it's just so they're just so fun. Oh, I almost forgot. Um, yeah, if when you find my channel, make sure you subscribe to all notifications and put a like on my videos. Sounds good. What's your name again? Josh. Luke. So, it's Luke's Disney vlog. Luke's theme park vlog. Luke's theme park vlog. I got it. Okay. All right. Thanks. Thank you, Josh. Sure. Oh, Nicholas, I'm sorry. We're going to send it to Jenna here in a little bit. Saw Gary Burton twice with Chick Korea and Pat Mini. He played chords on the vibrophone mallets. We have our kids doing that on the MIMA uh for mallets a lot of times uh when we have marching band. That's a good shot right there. Yeah, this is a cool place for the tree. The man Good night, Pepper Purple fanatic. And guys, we're not done yet, though. We're going over to Epcot here in just a minute to show you Luminous, the Symphony of Us. Good luck with the performance. Thank you, Mary. Appreciate it. That's awesome, Susan. Yes, Echol Lake does have a great music loop. even you know at Christmas or during the regular part of the year it's all great just tied up with strings now why is this a Christmas song it is kind of considered that though isn't it I guess because of just because of gifts I guess it is such a great song though it's such a great melody Yeah, this park is beautiful at night and it's nice. It's nice when everybody starts to leave and it calms down a little bit. Silver white winners that melt into spring. I forgot the words for a second. I got it now. Spartan drummers Macy's Thanksgiving parade. Nice. Good luck tomorrow night. We'll be cheering you and the whole night. My nephew was at Gift Gives World many years ago and we got to come along. It was a great place for celebrating. Oh, Wendy, that's amazing. I'm glad you got to go and experience the place firsthand. And I know somebody earlier, I didn't get to read it because I think it was like during a ride or something, but somebody else was saying they used to volunteer there, which is super awesome. I am. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you. Merry Christmas. Uh, okay. So, they do mention Christmas. It's not in the lyrics of the song. Okay, got it. Oh, thanks, Cindy. Anyway, tomorrow's going to be awesome. Tomorrow's going to be awesome. Um, because number one, we get to raise money for a great cause, and number two, we get to have fun playing music. That's really what it's all about. Now we get to bring the community together and I'm so excited about the possibility to raise more money for Give Kids the World because we will have it on all of the channels. U well not all the channels but some of the channels. So that's going to be super cool. I'm excited because like we've never had it on um we we've always just had it on Cory's which was fine because it was again it was his idea and his all his hard work but he was like hey you want to put it on your yours and Jenna's channel too? I was like, "Yes, yes I do." Because that'll give us more opportunities to reach more people. So, that's super cool. I love these. Let's see if Jenna's ready for it. Just let me know when you're ready. There are a lot of lyrics that has a feel of Christmas and winter up. I mean, technically, Jingle Bells isn't really Christmasy other than the sleigh ride part of it. I love the decorations here on the street. They're so nice. Yes, you can end it. Period. Give me a minute and I'll just finish the sponsors. All right. So, before I send it to Jenn, we're going to finish the sponsors. As you probably just heard me tell her, it's easier for me to voice text. Either way, uh we do have a couple more that we didn't talk about. Sur shark. Uh everybody go check out surark.deals/ deals/ resorttv1 if you want to get a VPN service um for a very very reasonable rate. They're the best. I use them all the time. Oh, there goes the helicopter. Very low. Surark.deals/ resorttv1. Again, that's surark.deals/ resorttv1. Uh and you can get four months free if you use our link and use code resortv1. So surf shark I don't know if there's a place to put in the code anymore. They kind of changed it, but just go to surf shark.deal/ resorttv1. Again, you can get a VPN service. You can change your location. You can uh check out um how the location affects uh pricing. By the way, I' I've found out recently, you know, that they they change pricing based on uh location sometimes. And so, you can actually check the pricing in a different location if you're buying plane tickets or something. So, that's kind of cool. Anyway, go check it out. Shark.deals/resorttv1. Again, surark.deals/resorttv1. Go check it out. Uh what who do we also have? We also have wait time signs. They've got some amazing stuff where you can feel like you're at the parks at home uh or in the resorts. Really cool resort TV that's personalized with your name on it. A streamer multi- view private fireworks view, all that stuff. So, I'm going to show you really quick uh about the wait time signs. Please don't go anywhere though because my friends, I will um I'm going to show you maybe something not working. Hold on. I'm gonna show you the wait time signs thing. Okay. No, I guess I can't right now. Yeah, that's not working. Okay, I'm going to show you the video of it. Wait time signs. Super cool. So, just go to weightsigns.com and use code resort 15. Again, weightsigns.com. Use code resort 15. They're an awesome sponsor and we appreciate them supporting us. So, we have here's the fireworks view. You can watch Epcot and Magic Kingdom fireworks at the same time. And they cut they go on at this at the at the appropriate fireworks time, which is cool. So, there's that. Uh there's your own private Main Street balcony. There's your private your private personalized Resort TV 1 or not Resort TV1, sorry, Resort TV. And then wait times are actually updated. And yeah, there is a subscription, but it keeps all that stuff updated. They update the weight times once every few minutes. So, they're super current and up to date pretty much as much as they are on the app. They have countdowns. They have a welcome screen just like you would have if you're in your hotel room. So, even like if you're in the resort and you have the screen, this is pretty cool. You can also get you can get the little tablet like I'm showing here. You can get the TV box to just put it on your TV. You can watch multiple streams at the same time with it. So, that's super cool. Streamer, multi- view, that's live streams, all kinds of things, piano, bar, all kinds of stuff. So, go check it out at weightscience.com. Use code resort 15. Weightscience.com. Use code resort 15. I'm going to send it over to Jenna. It's luminous time. We'll see you over there, everybody. Thanks for watching. Okay, go ahead and go live. So, I'll let Jenna say the goodbyes, but I'll just say I'll see you on the stream tomorrow. Magical Night of Hope is on there. It's on the stream. It's ready to go. You definitely don't want to miss it. It's going to be awesome. And even if you can't support, you know, we give kids the world with the donation, that's okay. Like times are tough for for a lot of us, right? But don't worry about that. Just watch the stream anyway. Share us out, hit the like, and just be a viewer on there. And you're going to help us out. Even if you can't send gifts kids give kids the world anything, you're going to help us out even just by watching the stream. Or if you can, if you can send $5, that's fantastic. If you can send $10, that's fantastic. Or more. It's great. Every little bit helps. So Jenna is live. So, I'm going to see you guys tomorrow right here on this channel, but not here actually at Get Kids the World. It's going to be incredible. Uh, I'm going to send you over to Jenna. I hope you enjoy Luminous, the Symphony of Us. All right, everybody. We'll see you soon. Sending you over to Jenna in 3, two, and one. Tonight, we invite you to join us for Luminous, the Symphony of Us. Due to lower light levels during the show, we ask that you please watch your step and be sure to take Small Children by the hand. Tonight's performance of Luminous, the Symphony of Us, will begin in just a few minutes. Hey everybody, welcome to Epcot. Luminous will be starting in about 2 minutes. Can't wait to show you Luminous and then we'll do a little walk out. We'll go do some shopping. So don't go anywhere after Luminous. Can't wait. Hope you guys enjoy some Hollywood Studios time with Josh. Now we get more Epcot. Hey, Noel. Hey, Britney. Hi, Austin. Austin, you're ready. Awesome. I can't wait. Got a view of the tree over here as well. Oh, I'm so glad you guys are enjoying the back and forth stream. All right, guys. Enjoy the fireworks. They're about to start. Welcome to the great gathering. Welcome. Beyond Avenue, welcome. Get ready. Everyone on this earth is part of the great symphony of us. Each of us a unique instrument playing harmony to one another. And even though we are all playing different parts, it's our unified heartbeat that connects us, reminding us that we are more alike than we are different. A rap city of rhythms that unites us and connects us through commonalities of the heart. Come find your place in the great symphony of us. Can you hear the sound of world in motion? The wind through the trees and stars of the ocean. You will be a million far all the time in the sun. I moment in I remember you are a part of me and I am a part of you. Just like the symphony, different meies in harmony. So go ahead and sing your song. I'll be there to sing together. Oh, I love you. Heat. Heat. When we are born, we come into this world a raw noise cradled in tenderness. We tune ourselves to the world around us. Don't stop your crying. It'll be all right. Just take my hand. Hold it tight. will be my heart. This will be my sh You see so strong between I will be here in my heart. It's my heart. We begin to understand what our instrument can do. We find our voice and add it to the ensemble of our ancestors, our family. Werestra familia. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. We begin to recognize the music in others. Trading notes and improvising. Music becomes play. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Can you feel the love tonight? Sometimes we find another and our melodies blend and suddenly with the hum of our heartstrings our world becomes a duet. You're in my arms and all the world is calm. The music playing for only two. So close to you. So close to the heat. Oh, this one. So close. So close, but still so far. Inevitably in life, the accompaniment drops out and we experience great loss. We find that the melodies we cherish are gone. And for a moment we are playing alone. When loved me, everything was beautiful. And when she was happy, so was I. When she me everything was beautiful together. My heart just when she loved But we are never truly alone. Sing out so others can hear you. The music we make echoes back at us in chorus, in concert, in symphony. Heat. Heat. together. As we all listen closely for the sounds of each other. Heat. Heat. Heat. All it was everything is different now that I found you. How miraculous that we exist on this planet at the same time. Now that I found you. And yet it's the human connection that unifies us. A pulse, a beat, a grand. The river of reverse is all around. A bond, a pledge, a common friend connect the unifying sound. But the founding of the truth is spinning on the sun. The beating of our hearts straight up to the stars for all the world. Can you feel it? Here it come. Come together as one like a wave. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. in the great symphony of us. We hope you enjoyed Luminous, the symphony of us. From all of us here at Epcot, we wish you a wonderful evening and a safe journey home. Thank you and good night. Good night, Mr. Epcot man. Such a good show. Oh my goodness. Hope you guys enjoyed it. Oh, it looks like you did. Good deal. And then we get the exit music as we walk out. So good. It's been It's been a minute since I've streamed that. It's been a minute since since you've seen it. You too? Yeah. I know. We were just talking before we got the stream that you know if we're not if I'm not streaming, we don't usually stay cuz Dale always wants to get out before the firework crowd. So sometimes happens when you live close. Yeah. You're like, "I'll be back." You know? Yeah. So, but unfortunately sometimes you do say, "I'll see you next time." Oh, yeah. I'll see you next time. Exactly. And then sometimes you don't. So, hope you guys enjoyed it. Hello, Candace Orlando. Hey, Alberto. Thanks for uh staying up with us tonight. And I hope you guys have enjoyed the enjoyed the uh back and forth stream. It's been fun having Josh at Hollywood and uh us here at Epcot to enjoy two parks in one night without actually having to go there back and forth. So, super fun. Magic. It is magic. Disney magic. So, we're going to walk this way. Hopefully, you guys join us. And then we're going to go shopping. We haven't done any shopping tonight. Can you guys believe it? Unless Josh took you guys shopping, but we've not shopped tonight. So, I don't know. Oh, did Josh take you shopping? Let me know. You're welcome. Thanks, Noel. You loved it. Just what you needed. Oh, I'm glad. Michelle, David, you're so late to the party. Welcome in, David. Hi, Lorie Pops. Hi, L. Ella. It's been fun. Disney fanatic says, "Oh, good night, Miss Disney fan. Have a good one." You are. You're in time for the best part, David. Shopping. favorite part. No shopping has happened. What? All right. Well, I'm glad we're going. Uh, thank you, Jenna. Beautiful. I miss my mom. A Cindy, I'm so sorry. You miss your mom. A so so sorry. I know. This is This one is the one. This one and happily ever after. Definitely tearjerkers for sure. Hi, Stu. I know. I was I was gonna say if Josh took you shopping, but you never know. Thanks, Brownie Brown. Hey, Rachel. How are you? Rachel says, "Watching with my mama and Christmas baking. Wish I was shopping with you." Oh, we miss you, Rachel. Rachel. Yeah. Save some cookies for us. Hi, Kaylee. Kayleie's in the chat. Hey, get your ears on. David says, "I don't need to shop. I'm wearing my Figment Crocs. I don't need to shop for a new physics tutor for Issa, though. Oh, okay. A new physics uh teacher. Merry Christmas, L. Ella. Good night, Aaron. My favorite song. Yep. It's a good one. Harpy. Padawan harpy. So good. So good. Oh, there Isaac's telling us the the real words, our heartbeats, which is great. I know he's good at the lyrics. I know. Cuz you know it just instantly. Yes. Padawan heartbeat. Um, let's see. Kaylee says, "Happy Friday. Was just ninja watching for a little after a night out with friends. Always great to catch you. Love the show as always." A thanks, Kaylee. Hope you had a fun night out. Oh, you're welcome Cindy. For sure. Hey, Jessica. Hi, DJ Andrew. Thanks for thousand likes. The golf cart stream is coming up, guys. It's the week of Christmas, so stay tuned. It's a good week to do it. Yeah, we thought closer to Christmas, maybe more decorations will be up. So heartbeat one heartbeat. Thank you so much Noel. Hi Mega Byron. Did the dog recognize my voice? He's really cute. Or he or she? I don't know. I know. Dashes says, "Sorry we missed you, Jenna. Will you be doing magical Monday?" I will be doing m Well, I Monday. Stay tuned. Sorry guys, I don't know what's happening with the lag. We hardly ever lag in Epcot. But yes, tune in for the Christmas party Sunday evening. I'll go live around 6:30, 7:00. So stay tuned for that. Sorry for the lag. That was weird. Are we back? One heartbe such a dramatic song. We're back. Okay, good. Sorry about that, everybody. Searching for part of one heartbeat of a one heartbeat. See everybody's dancing. So good. Perfect song. heartbeat. That's a good speaker right there. Holy moly. Wow, that's loud. Well, hope you guys are having a good Friday night. Hope you have some fun things planned this weekend. And remember to join us tomorrow for the magical night of hope uh at Kids World. It's going to be awesome. It's a really great place to uh um you know, we're going to be raising money for Give Kids the World and um just having a great time while we do it. So, you don't want to miss it. I think it starts at 6:00 p.m. Eastern time. We're going to be having um hosting on our channel as well as Corey Meets World's channel as well as Steve's World. So, it's going to be a fun fun night. There's going to be auction items for sale as well, so stay tuned for that. Dale and I are going to be in charge of the auction desk. So, you'll get to see Dale and I tomorrow. Uh Josh will be playing his saxophone. Cory will be singing. It's going to be awesome. Sounds good. David, a mouse trap car. Okay, sounds good. How many heartbeats? Well, there was quite a few they were thinking about. Yeah. Thank you, Purple Fanatic. I appreciate that. Hey, Chihuahua. Good to see Oh, it's great to see you, too. We were at Epcot earlier and it was packed. Yeah, it is packed today. Crowded. Crazy. Crazy. Oh, Tiger Gal. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Wait, what am I asking Andy? David says, "Ask Andy." Ask Andy about something. I'm not sure. I'm going to need all of my devices tomorrow. Yes, Michelle, you will. Oh, look. He's even dancing. You need exactly. Oh, got you David. 83.4 heartbeats. Okay. Were you counting them? Oh, I thought there was just part of one. I was just counting part. It was just the one. It's Yeah, it's like It's like a point8. Yeah, exactly. That's it. That's all we get. Yeah. Oh, gotcha, Mr. Master. I guess let's walk this way and we can show them the Christmas tree on our way up to the shop. So pretty. Really pretty. Thanks, Rita. Oh, this is my nighttime lullaby. I love this version of you. Yeah. So good. Hey, Richard. Someone said we saw a new bling spacer birth. Wait, what? What new bling? Oh, is it the um gingerbread one? We did show you that. the gingerbread spaceship birth. So fun. Uh $2 from cardboard box. He was saying remember Christmas tree. Remember instead of remember me, remember Christmas tree. That's cute. Thanks cardboard box. It's a sing along. We're just a spark. I recorded a cover of this version, but I was not wearing my Figment Crocs. Well, David, you need to re-record. Re-record that. Put on all your Figment things. You're a Figment household. I love it. My birthday is Monday the 15th. Oh, well, happy early birthday. That's really soon. Thank you. Monday. Monday. I still can't believe we're halfway through almost halfway through December. Not quite. Almost a new year. Yeah. Crazy. All right, I'll turn down the lights a little bit. Then you can see the Christmas lights. Oh, gotcha. David. Hey, Arnell. Happy Friday. Found this version of the song on one of Josh's streams and it's one of my favorites. Oh, it's so good, isn't it? So, so good. Hey, sweetheart. Got home with Wednesday and missing Disney. A I understand that. That's why we had to move here. I get it. But I'm glad we're able to bring you through the stream and you get to enjoy Disney with us through the stream. Oh. Oh, that's awesome, David. Oops, I clicked the wrong button. Hang on. I got to click the right button. There we go. Hi. How are you? How's it going? Good. Do you want to say hi? Yeah. Hello. Where are you guys from? Merit Island. Oh, awesome. Oh, very cool. Awesome. I'm lagging or no lag in the chat. I love that name so much. That is amazing. Well, it's great to meet you guys. Merry Christmas. Thanks for watching. Bye, guys. I love all the festivity. I love it. Bye. You too. A That's awesome. Um Josh is not singing tomorrow. Josh is playing a saxophone tomorrow. You just have to stay tuned throughout the night. I don't know who's playing first or singing first. I'm sure Corey will probably sing first. That's usually what happens. But after that, I'm not sure. I need to try the cookie in Germany. Oh, we did. Um Sharon and I came Monday. Were we here Monday? No, two a week ago. Monday and we tried and we and we tried all the things in Germany. I think it was a week ago Monday. Yeah. So, go back and check out that stream. I think it was a week ago. Me, too. It was all delish. But the Lindsor cookie is definitely two thumbs up. And I really love Andy and I came back and we did that cheese bowl. Oh, yeah. That looks good. cheese ground. Yeah. Delicious. Okay. I'll have to try that. The live stream is set to debut at 6:00 p.m. Yeah. 600 p.m. Eastern time tomorrow. Tomorrow. Hopefully all these people aren't going in creations or we're not going to be shopping very well. We're going to find out. Well, these we'll show a few things and then we'll see how it goes. Yeah, it'll be awesome. Yeah, keep on walking. Yeah, this is not the shop you're looking for. This is not the shop you want to do. Exactly. Oh, yeah. Britney, if you could recreate it and make it gluten-free for you, that Lindsor cookie is amazing. I bet you could. You could just use almond flour or, you know, um, whatever. Hey, how are you? I didn't know you were that literally makes me want to shed a tear. What's that? The what? Fireworks like that literally make me so happy. They're really good, aren't they? So good. Yeah. You want to say hi? Sure. Got Mr. Master here. Hey, were you watching? You said from outside the park. Is that what your message said? Yes. And then I had to cut through to get to the front to access the monor. Well, that makes sense. Good. Good deal. Cool. Well, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Springs was nice. Good. And also a scooter almost tipped. Oh no. Yeah, you got to be careful for those sometimes. Everyone's nuts. Yeah. Have a good night. Yeah, it is a great way to end the night. Shopping. Shopping. Shopping. It's a little warmer in here. They have Figman. See? Okay. He's got a dark blue one here, too. Okay. I think we're being set up for next year's sweaters. It's going to be darker. darker with the light blue band and you know cuz I need another one. Well, of course. So, it looks different. Yeah. This is the one. Well, Sharon's got it on. This is the one from this year. Yeah. Josh has it, too. Same color last year, right? Yeah. Yes. Same color, just different material. Kind of sweatshirt material. 2026 passholder shirt. Oh my goodness. I've not seen this yet. That's cute. I like it. Me, too. Got the start on 2026. It's not like overly like bam 2026, you know? It's like subtle. It's a subtle 2026. Hi. How are you? I'm good. Good. We've been trying to find you all day. Do you want to say hello? Absolutely. Yeah. What are your names? Hi, I'm Cy. Cy. Tom. Tom. Awesome. Where you from? Jersey. Okay, cool. Yeah. Okay. Good to see you guys again. Hope you've had fun today. Good. Oh, good. It's getting a bit chilly, but not not too bad. I'll take it organic. Totally. I get it. Yeah. 100%. Well, cool. Thanks for watching. We were next to Mexican restaurant. Uhhuh. We walked in there. Yeah. Oh, no. It is a little behind. Yeah. You got to like be one step ahead. And then we were switching it back and forth. So then that's kind of hard to time at all. Yeah. Yep. Sorry about that. But I'm glad though. Yeah. Glad you got to come say hi. Awesome. Thank you. Thanks for watching. Merry Christmas. Have a good night. Bye, guys. I know, Tom. At least I think I do. He looks super familiar. Wait, what? What? David, this one is awesome. Sharon has that one. Super soft. Super cute. It's long sleeers are nice this time of year. I like his face. It's just the most adorable thing ever. He's like, "Hooray, I'm a passholder." So far, it's washed really nicely, too. Okay, good. And gentle. Even better. I wonder if um Sad Figment got sold. Do you remember Sad Figment? That was so funny. His So, most of their like little horns are, you know, normal. They're up or they're back. This ones were like down like a sad puppy. Yeah. And he looked sad. He did look sad. Even the cast member thought he looked a good He's from Jersey. Oh, so you knew him. Okay. Oh, that would make him sad if he lost his imagination. A This one is a little sad. Yeah. Oh, his head's a little neck's a little His head's a little sad. He's about to lose his head. Oh, no. He'll be nearly headless. Figment. Your brother's birthday's tomorrow. Awesome. Happy birthday to your brother. Wait, is this him? No. Somebody must have bought him. He does look a little sad though. I forgot to mention I beamed 50 on the Super Tuesday night to Josh. Oh, to give you for more pens. Oh, that's so nice. Thank you, Mr. Master. That's really sweet of you. Very, very kind. Oh, they've got more 2026 stuff over here. Let's go check it. that. Oh, they've got ton of that sweatshirt over here now. Tons of it. Oh, yeah. That's really true. And I've seen a lot of people wearing this and it looks really cute. Yeah. And they've got all the sizes. Mhm. We haven't found all the sizes yet tonight. Supply right now. Yep. I'm I'm tempted as well. I'm also tempted for these ears. I love the sparkly silver bow on it is subtle also like the other shape. Yes, it's a 2026. So, you know what I'm thinking? Disney actually heard us when we said we wanted we liked the 2025 but the the remember it was so big right in the middle. Oh, something just broke. Sad. Sad. Um that's a cute shirt, too. The um Yeah, don't step in it. Thanks. Sounded sounded out. Oh, yeah. It's right here. I like the um the subtle ear. So, really wear this in the future. And I love Mickey and Minnie. It has all of the like park. Yeah, I might need these. These might be a need. Okay, this is all New Year's. Oh, yeah. Oh, that looks nice and warm, doesn't it? That's cute. I like the color. Me, too. Super dark gray. $ 69.99. It is super dark. Really thick. It's a bowl. There's a bowl. I know. I said bowl instead of bow. I said the bow is silver, but I said bowl. The bowl is silver. There's also a backpack that goes with the whole line right here. Nice big backpack. In case you forget what year you're in, it's all over. And this shirt. This is not subtle. 2026. Where is that? Nope. 2026. Not there. What do these look? These will be nice and warm right now. All right. What else we got? Let's go somewhere this way. What's that? Yeah. Oh, you have it? That's really nice. Over there. And it's also up on Josh bought it. He loved it so much. I know. I kind of want it. It's awesome. It's hot day and cold at night. Yep. That's why I like to do the long sleeves under the t-shirts. And then this is really cute. I'm having coffee. What year is it? I don't remember. Oh, it's 2026. The nice thing is if you do get, say you just visit once, you know, every once in a while, then you'll remember what year you got your model. Yes, we actually did buy We bought a 2025 ornament this year because it's the year we moved here. So, it's kind of a fun like a Disney ornament. It's a fun way to celebrate. So, remember Yeah. the year you moved. Oh, gotcha, Mr. Master. No worries. Thank you. Blame the tongue twister on me. Yeah, I I always have the tongue twisters. Well, thank you, Petra. We've got the 2025 Mickey. Apparently, Mickey's getting married this year. Good job, Mickey. Um, that would be pretty funny. Pretty, right? They need to have like a, you know, a little ceremony. Uh-huh. I agree. It's about time, Mickey. It is about time. Put a ring on it, dude. Yeah. How long has it been? I mean, pretty soon Minnie is just going to go find a different Mickey. She's gonna move on. Yeah. Yeah. A different Mickey. There's only one Mickey. Guys, this is why you have to stay tuned in. You never know what's going to happen. Yeah. After we get tired. This is cute. It's for kids. But that's cute. That's really cute. It's got space mountains, small world, castle, and it's um like fleecy. Oh, it is fleecy. Very nice. David said Mickey isn't getting married. He's a player. Oh my word. That's Mickey. Mickey Mickey too funny. They're laughing at us. Did you get your Daisy Donald yet? Nope. Okay. I still need this. I did get that. I know. I love it. I kind of need it. Yep. Mhm. Classy. I think that's kind of cool. You don't see a lot of Emperor's New Group. I love the Emperor New Group. It's one of my favorites. That's nice. Are they coming up on an anniversary, like a milestone anno? Yeah. '9s and early 2000 um like movies. That's one. Um the other shirt I really like here's here's more Epcot shirts. And then um this one's kind of cool, isn't it? It's very I would This is cool for anytime, but I think New Year's Eve would be really cute. Someone that I bumped into yesterday had just bought this fun and he said, "I just got this shirt and Iought not seen it before and I really like it." I do too. And that one I got that one and I love it a lot. Import new groove is like 25 years. Okay. Really? Wow. I would not have guessed that. I haven't aged a day since that lady came out. Same. Same. Same. It's busy in here. Still can't find these. I bought them. I was with you when I bought them. Still can't find them. No. Hey, how are you? Doing well. How's it going? Good. Enjoying the night? Yes. Are you going to be at the pizza meet up tomorrow? Probably not because we got to do the whole we got to get to the Give Kids a World early to That's right. Yeah. Otherwise, probably would. But yeah. Yeah, we got we're helping out with that. But Oh, thank you so much. Good to see you. for as long as I still love this. And the ears. You got the ears, right? I did. Yeah. I might I got the ears. But I love this. I know. So cute. It is cute. Oh, got you, Mr. Master. Awesome. Glad you got the Montreal. They've got a ton of these. If this goes to the outlet, I might have to buy it. It's been out for a while. I love it. Did I see the exclusive Disney Springs Stitch Vera Bradley? Yes. Yes. And I might need it. I saw that yesterday, too. I wondered if you had seen that. I I saw a picture today on Instagram. I've not seen it in person. Did you see it in person? Oh, no. I might need it. And they have some good sizes. They have like one of the the smaller ones like the backpacks. Yes. Cuz I don't like the hu like this one's big. You need big bags sometimes, but some Yeah. Yeah. If sometimes you need a big bag, but for just a Bradley. Um they do have that nice size. It's a little smaller. Two pockets and you know, two water bottle pockets. All right. I might need to get there. I mean, Christmas is coming up, Dale. Eggs, a throw. I saw they had a shirt. Yeah. And the shirt technically is pajamas, but it's really like it's thick enough you could wear it as a pajama. She said you could wear this and the shorts as like an outfit because it's really nice and thick, but they called them pajamas. He's so cute. Yeah, they have to go to a little bag charm that's different. Oh, it's like a stitch. Yeah, it's almost like a, you know, like those Coach bag charms that are like leather and they're they're kind of just almost like rectangle. That's what it looks like with a stitch. So, it's not a big Okay. like fluff like a stuffed stitch. It's more of like a It looks like it's leather. I don't know leather, but cute. All the stuff. All the stitchy things. All right. Well, I might need to go there. We were just walking by and we were like, "Is that Stitch?" I'll be a top supporter. What am I a top supporter of? I missed it. Technically, it's pajamas. That's funny. They do. So, Oh, no. Wait. Oh, there he is. There's Stitchy. So glad they finally got one. What outlet? I usually go to the one on Vineland. It's just easier for me to get to and I I know it better. So, that's usually where I go. Mickey. I've not seen any of the winter hats. I'm sure they have them somewhere. I just haven't seen them. I wonder if they're over by the regular hat. Oh, but here's David's Crocs he got. Here they are. I need these for the festival of the uh art. For the festival of the arts. That's it. I almost said holidays. But I I'm curious. Did David really get these or is he just telling us? David, did you really I need a picture. I need evidence. Yep. Send a picture, please. To um Josh or Dale. Feels like a beignet and jazz music kind of night. Ooh, that would be nice with an afterdinner drink. Sounds good. That's a great shirt for the Festival of the Arts. We need all the things. Oh, yeah. That's cute. Isn't that fun? Mhm. It's thicker than I thought it would be. Very nice. Very nice. All right, guys. I think we're going to head out. It is get in here. It is popular. Popular. I still love this. I just love anything with Pluto. Me, too. So cute. He said, "I really have them. I sent a picture to Josh." Okay. Oh, okay. Oh, Britney says she's seen proof. Okay. What's this? Well, I'm impressed. Me, too. This looks nice and warm. This looks really Oh my goodness. I love it. It's so fluffy. Mhm. All right. Add to cart. All right. I want to look in one more spot, then we can head out. I want to look in the t-shirt section over here. Right here. I'm loving all the pink that they have right now. I love this shirt, but again, it's that boxy cut. But I don't know. That's just what they're doing right now. Nice and warm isn't something Flidians approve of normally. Yes. Right now we approve. I do like the bling bling shoes. I do too. I like it. They make me think of Ivone cuz she loves bling bling. Yep. She loves the bling bling. All right. And here. Oh my. They have tons. They're ready for the cold. Look at this. All the hoodies. All the sweatshirts out. Yeah, I love this one. Me, too. Me, too. Wow, it's quiet over here compared to up there. This is new. Sorry. Oh, yeah. Jesse and I were looking at that yesterday. I love it. We like this. And we like this. Dang. I've never seen this before. If they had my smile, my smile. I just choked on my own saliva. If they had my size, I said if they had my smile. Oh my goodness. Okay, it's time to say good night. How about size? If they had my size, I wonder if that's If they had my smile, I'd be really worried. Popular. Oh, and also this is one of the limit, too. So, it's very popular. If they have your smile, I'd be worried. Say, David. Oh, boy. Everybody's I've lost it. It's fine. # all the trouble. Oh my goodness. If they have Jenna's smile, they're going to sell so many shirts. I was gonna say the world would just be a better place if if everyone had joined me. A Oh my goodness. Be world peace. Did you already have your dinner drink? David said, "No, David. Coffee. That's all I've had." All right, we better get out of here before I say other weird things. Oh my goodness. If Jenna could buy things with her smile, it would be worth 1 million bucks. That would be fantastic. Yay. That would be super cool. Can I pay for this with a smile, please? Yeah, sure. A smile and a thumbs up. That would be awesome. I would. Oh, you ladies are making me laugh. Oh my goodness. Disney Adventures with Craig. Hello. What was in the coffee? Just coffee. So funny. I don't know, guys. I really don't. The Jenna ism dictionary is overloaded. Oh, we got to send that to Jesse. Yeah. For her list. Mhm. If they did I say if they had this in my smile or just if they had if they had my smile. You said if they had my smile. Oh my word. Let's just go out here in the middle. Oh my goodness. That is hilarious. So funny. Okay. Hilarious. Wasn't that in the movie Couples Retreat where Stanley says you can pay him in smiles? Really? I'm not sure. I don't know that movie, but sure. David, I've seen that movie. I'll believe you. I don't remember that. Couples retreat. I don't think I've seen it. Vince. Oh, yes, I have. I just didn't remember the name. I don't remember who else. Oh, Kristen Reese Witherspoon. No, wasn't Kristen um you know Anna? Yeah. Chris and Bell. I think so. I might be wrong about that. No, I think you're right. Was a blonde. All right, guys. Well, I think we are going to wrap it up right here. Did Josh thank the platinum members of the channel? I know he did the sponsors, but I I bet he didn't do the platinum, so I'll I'll read and thank the awesome platinum members of the channel. Got to pull them up here. Wow, you bought 15 more pens. Wow, Mr. Master, that is awesome. Um, members, members, members, and platinum. There we go. So, we've got Amy Moore, Grey Rose Adventures, Big Guy 1, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego Mini, uh Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, William Ly, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, The Amazing Jayla Moxley, Skiander Danni, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our amazing platinum members of the channel. Thank you to all of our members of the channel, all of our uh Patreon members, as well as hoppers, moppers, shoppers, boppers, and everybody with smiles. And thanks to Sharon and Andy for hanging out with me tonight. And Josh over at Hollywood. He already said goodbye, but we're going to wrap it up here from Epcot. Oh, maybe that's better. Perfect. All right, everybody. Thanks again for joining us for our holiday hopping. Hope you guys enjoyed it. Remember, tomorrow is Give Kids the World, a magical night of hope. So, tune in at 600 p.m. Eastern right here on Resort TV 1. And then Sunday evening, I will be with Sharon and some more festive friends for uh the Christmas party. So, you don't want to miss that. That'll be Sunday around 6:30 uh 7:00 p.m. So, all the fun this weekend. Don't miss it. And uh we'll see you soon. All right, guys. Thanks again. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. I'm like
