---
video_id: DKdmhB3Ysow
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Saturday Evening at Magic Kingdom - Rides, Parades, & Fireworks - Walt Disney World - 1-17-26"
published: 2026-01-18
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKdmhB3Ysow
---
being crazy. You guys stay from my track. I know. Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I'm live here for Saturday evening at the Magic Kingdom. Welcome in everybody. Thanks for joining me. Before we get started, be sure to subscribe if you're new, hit the like button, hit the notification bell, all the things. Follow us on social media. You know the drill. But let's get started. We are here at a very much undecorated Magic Kingdom. Well, it's a decorated normal way, but it's very much a Christmas is down. As of last night, it was still up, but today it's down. And so if we turn around this way, we will see that the tree is gone for the season. It'll be back in November and be here before we know it. But it is back in its home for the remainder of the year. So I almost thought I was like, "Wow, I did saying goodbye to Christmas last Saturday and it's still here." But they they took it down. They took a lot down. They took all the greenery down. They took the tree. Um, they took the um the wreaths, they took everything off of the lamp post, everything. The only thing that's still here, let me see if I can if I can uh get over here around all the all the people. But we um we still have to soldiers up here in town square. So, that's the only thing that I can see. Plus, the uh the bench with Minnie and Roy Disney on it uh is not back yet, but you can see where the tree was before. Yeah, the Disney elves work fast. Now, the the emporium windows um were down since, you know, last before last Saturday even. But yeah, they do. They really worked fast this time. So, the only thing left of Christmas is this. I can see all the decorations are gone six years ago today. They were all gone on my last day. Yeah, there you go. Hey, Sorcerer Mickey. So yeah, but you have uh so I imagine these guys will be gone tomorrow and then it'll be all back to normal here at the Magic Kingdom. And music of course is back to normal. I don't know if they played if they had the music on last night. I'm not sure if the Christmas music was on. Hey Sean. Hey Matt. So anyway, that was pretty interesting actually. Uh that how long it was up last year. here. I don't or this year. I don't know how long it was on for last how long they were up for last year. I do not know. But what I do know is it's very cool to see Magic Kingdom back to normal. Even though I love Christmas, of course, but it is kind of interesting to see the toy soldiers with no Christmas tree behind them. How you doing? I'm still getting over this cold. Yeah, I'm fine. I didn't get as much sleep last night as I probably wanted to, but I did okay overall. So, so yeah, I would have liked to have had a little more sleep, but that was on me. I just stayed up working on some things. Yes, we'll have the parade today. Yep, Starlight. I got to check double check my times here. I started a little early. I wasn't supposed to start till 6:00. We, you know, 5 minutes early. No big deal. Uh, let's see. So we have tonight 7:45 and 10:00 for Starlight and of course Happily Ever After at 9:00. So we'll do parades and of course Happily Ever After Fireworks at 9:00. Everything's at 9:00. Well, not everything. Happily Ever After Luminous, Wonderful World of Animation at Hollywood Studios, but Fantasmic is at um Fantasmic is actually at 9:30. Nice to have the music back. Yeah. Yeah. I just I like the Christmas music, but you know, I think after a while, like it it if you had it on all year, you know, it would lose its festiveness and the specialness of it. Specialty, that's not the right word, but you know what I mean. It loses its uh Yeah. Just loses its magic just a little bit when you play it all year. So, it's nice that they have the different seasons we go through. And this is first time almost besides that the toy soldiers are here. This is the first time since uh sometime in early August when we've had a completely non-decorated Magic Kingdom almost completely tomorrow. I'm sure it'll be completely non-decorated. But you see, even though like I said, all the greenery is down. So, on all the buildings, I really thought maybe they'd do the tree and wreaths and stuff and then maybe get the greenery another night, but they they really worked. And you can see u well family sitting on it now, so I don't want to get too close, but you can see um the Roy and Minnie bench is still over there. They always move it because of the tree, of course, but it will be back in its rightful place there at Photo Pass. It actually usually goes in the photo pass area there. So, that'll be good. Tab that back. But in the meantime, let's go strolling around Main Street. Maybe go do some people mover. Maybe see what other rides we can do. It's, you know, it's moderate today. It's not super crowded, but it's not also not a slow day. Yeah, soldiers definitely be gone by tomorrow. I mean, barring anything strange or any other plans they have, I would say they'll be gone because it is the last decorations that I can see that are up cuz again, the wreaths that hang over are gone and everything else. Anyway, cool stuff. Always fun to watch the change over and how they do it. It's such a big process and I'm sure, you know, you have to store it properly so it's ready for next year. And then sometimes, you know, you might have to replace some of it if it's damaged somehow. So, yeah, really fun. Hey, Noel. Getting carried away. Hello. Hey, Kim. Yeah. Hello from Tennessee. Hello. Welcome. Good to see you. It's a pretty nice evening here in Florida. A lot warmer today. We are at 68° right now. It was I think it got up to 74 75 today. So, like I said, when it's when it's cold here in Florida, it doesn't stay cold very long. Um, so, um, I think is it going to get chilly again next week? Maybe. I don't know. I think next week might be the last little cold front. We don't usually get too many cold fronts into February. They don't make it all the way down here. They'll make it down to Georgia or North Florida, but it takes, like I said, it takes a lot for a cold front to make it all the way here into Central Florida. So, yeah. Takes a lot. All right. Here, let's go this way and we can see sunset. I hope you like the thumbnail. That was a picture I took a few months ago. I just I realized I hadn't used it yet. You can see the difference of the view with no tree. And uh it's definitely different. Tomorrow night supposed to be 36. Oh wow. Yeah. I don't mind getting a taste of the cold every once in a while. Okay. Monday. Yes. So Monday 36 is the low. Tuesday 38 is the low. So yeah, it's going to drop again, but then after that it looks like it's back in the 70s. So again, you get a couple days here or there. Nothing to worry about too much. So you'll notice lots of less people in coats tonight. Wonder if they were done filming or need the toy soldiers in the hub. I wouldn't think so because all the Christmas specials and things are done. They tape those early. They tape lots of those in November and things. So, I wouldn't think they need any type of filming, especially with the tree down. So, no, I think probably they just, you know, there's only so many hours in a night and only so many people. So, I think they probably I think they did an incredible job just getting done what they did get done. Um, I've never seen them do it that fast. Usually, it is, like I said, they'll they'll do maybe the tree and the wreaths and then the next day they'll get the garland. So, we got snow today. Wow. Yeah. No, no more no more Christmas filming. I mean, they do filming here all the time for different commercials and stuff, you know, from time to time that nothing, you know, special event or holiday related. Enjoyed Jenna's Epcot video. Nice. Yeah, I was on I was on the stream in the evening, too. So, you guys want to uh check that out? She had the morning stream and then we did the the evening one together. Hey, Leaf, how are you? Welcome in. Happy Saturday. Hope you're having a great day. A Hallmark movie filming. Ah, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, Lacy Shabar, that movie. That's going to be cool. Are they still doing that? Yeah, maybe that could be. Maybe they were doing just a tight shot where they didn't show the tree and just had her and maybe her and um you know some of her co-acctors in front of the choice soldiers there cuz obviously it is a Christmas movie. So yeah, maybe they had a few more things and that might have also been why everything stayed up an extra week. Who knows? But yeah, either way that's going to be fun to see. When you said filming, I was like filming for what? But that makes sense. Uh Liz, thank you. That makes a lot of sense. Ducks. Ducks. Ducks. Hey, it's Joe from WNBC in New York. Looking forward to your stream tonight after covering a mini snowstorm. Oh wow. Oh yeah. Hopefully it wasn't too bad for you guys up there. We are heading up to New York. Um end of the month we're going to go up for a festival. Actually, we're going to talk a little bit about it. Uh I might I may even do a video there. Not a stream, but a video there. It's called Singstrong and it's um they're raising money for uh Alzheimer's research and hopefully finding a cure. It's obviously something near and dear to our heart with mom having that. So, we're excited to support that. And uh Liam and I are going up. Some of our dear friends are um in charge of the event. So, we're excited to be there. We'll be flying into uh JFK heading out to Long Island for the festival. So you New Yorkers, I'll be in your be in your neighborhood. Liam will get to feel what what real winter cold feels like. I don't know how cold it's going to be that, but I'm sure it'll be it's, you know, it's New York in January. I'm sure it'll be chilly. Which festival is your favorite? Talking about Epcot festivals, I assume. Uh, you know, usually Flower and Garden just cuz I love the flowers. Um, but I do like Festival of the Arts a lot. It is very pretty. Oh, wow. I wonder if they're finishing at Buzz Lightyear with some facade work. That's funny. That was not here last week. So, they've got They must I bet they're redoing the uh the entrance. Jeff said on his stream they kept it up for Hallmark. Okay, cool. Well, Jeff must have found that out from somebody. Makes a lot of sense. I mean, that is entirely possible. All right. Well, people never were lined up here in the last few minutes, but that's okay. We'll get a little sunset ride on there. We got this. This isn't bad. You can just tell that even though it's like um even though it's like the uh Martin Luther King weekend, um it's still definitely holiday crowds are mostly gone even though Pirates is 30 still. So, we'll see as the night goes on. It's open till 11:00, so we'll see how it goes. I am pretty tired tonight, though, since I didn't get a lot of sleep. So, I may leave pretty close to closing time. I don't know. I'm not going to stay any extra tonight. She went to walk back towards this is the arrow blue Watching Aladdin while watching the live stream. Nice. Always good to watch Aladdin. It's a great movie. Of course, I've been away for a long time, Mr. Rainbow, from this channel, but I'm back now watching. Awesome, Mr. Rainbow. Well, I'm glad you're back. I do know one of the things about having a channel with as many awesome people watching is what we are blessed to have is that people do come and go and a lot of times it's just they get busy or maybe they lose interest in Disney or whatever it is. But um we're always glad when people come back. Sometimes life gets in the way. Sometimes they working on other projects again. Sometimes there's a loss of interest in Disney. Sometimes there's a loss of interest in us. Either way it's it's uh good to have you back. Do I want some ideas for uh things to do on Long Island? I appreciate that, but actually um we got a full weekend with this festival, so it won't be it won't be an um it won't be a uh just a sightseeing trip, but I appreciate it. We have to do that one of these days. I'm hoping our friend um David B&M David can can join us at the festival. He's in New Jersey, so not super far away. So, we're hoping he and uh his family or whoever is available can join us because uh always love spending time with him. Let's do a Long Island meet up. I know, right? It's awesome, Ethan. You got to watch Happily Ever After. Hello, Cost. Hello. Hey, Edwin. Hello, Micro. Hi Josh. Hey. How are you? I'm a big fan. Oh, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Dana, my dad's watching. You want to say hi to him? Big fan. Hi, Dad. Very cool. That's awesome. You all the time. I appreciate that. You having a good night? Yeah, it's beautiful. Yeah, it's nice and warm. Yesterday, it's really a beautiful night now. We get a uh a little break from the cold, so that's good. I mean, it never lasts that long down here. So, yeah. Very cool. Well, thank you for watching. Yes. And what are you celebrating? My uh brother is getting married. Florette. Yeah, that's cool. It was such a nice job meeting you. Get a picture. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Thank you so much. Nice to meet you. Of course. Nice to meet you. Have a good night. You too. Oh, Frank said, "That's my daughter." That's awesome. Glad you got to see it. I'm glad you got to see our meet up. Very cool. And there she goes. Off to the next ride, probably. How fun. Well, thanks for watching, Frank. Always good when we can link up families virtually through the YouTubes. That's always fun. My favorite is when we if we have a family member who's a cast member, you know, as a as a parent myself, obviously as a parent myself, I understand it's always a delight to see your kids, of course. Right. Totally get that. But it is cool, too. Sometimes we've been able to like say, "Oh, my son's working at so and so." And we actually or my daughter, whoever, we're actually able to find them there. That's always fun, too. So, all kinds of cool stuff. It's like, the old Spaceship Earth with AT&T connecting people. That's what it's all about. This is the GTA blue line. Yeah, fantasy sports bus. Sorry about Yeah, I'm not staying longer. It's a It's a quick weekend trip just for the festival. We'll be at Adelfi. Uh, is it Adelfia? Adelfi uh University is where we'll be at. So, staying at a hotel somewhere around there. I don't know. Probably probably shouldn't give out the hotel, but the festivals at Adelfi. Grey Rose Adventures became a member. Thank you, Grey Rose. Oh, for sure, Frank. My pleasure. Gay Rose Adventures. Welcome to Opera Bronze. Thanks, guys. Appreciate you. Yeah. So, that's if you saw the thumbnail, that's a real picture of the castle if you guys were on the stream. No AI. The real castle pick. So fun. Had to update the building. Oh, no worries. Totally get it. I'm assuming we'll have a lot of people watching the all the all the sports ball tonight. What is this? This is the divisional round, right, for NFL divisional weekend cuz last week was wild card. So, this is divisional, I believe, then conference. Hey, Ginger. Hey, Tony. Live from an undisclosed location. That's right. Somewhere really close to the People Mover. No, just kidding. Somewhere in Long Island. Sure. Yeah, David. I love it when the park lights up for night. That's always fun. when the lights come on and the uh sun goes down. So, I'm guessing Buzz Lightyear will be open sometime in March. That's my guess. March or April, probably. So, they're finishing it up right now, it seems like. Do you think Indiana will win the national championship Monday? I mean, I hope so. I think they've got a great chance. They've got a great team, but you know, anything's possible. You never want to count your wins before they happen. So, I would just say I really hope so. I think they've got the team to do it and the coach, of course. So, thank you. Yeah, I think uh it's been a really good year for Indiana. So, no matter what happens, I'm super happy. Like, there's no no question about it. Best season Indiana football's ever had by a long shot. So the championship would be icing on the cake for sure. You missed the pre209 people when we were in Space Mountain. Um I like the narration and stuff and then they changed it again in um they changed it again in like 2015 16 somewhere around there or no 2019 I don't know whatever it was they changed it at some point. I can't remember all the narration changes. But yeah, the one in the 90s in early 2000s was the now approaching Rocket Tower Plaza Station. Like that was fun. I did like that. Please carefully platform. Then step into the car while your safety. It's been dark here for easily an hour. Sean. Yeah. Yeah. We are much further west than you guys. So we get the benefit of the curvature of the earth. On our side. We're kind of in the middle of the Eastern time zone as opposed to on the eastern side of it. Just one. All right, it's people mover time. Keep your hands in arms inside the stream at all times. How are the crowds into February? I'd say moderate. There's It's not, you know, you can have your days, but it's moderate. There's nothing really huge other than President's weekend, so Please supervise young. Yeah, it was Mr. His. Stay clear of the doors which will open and close. I will be quiet so you can enjoy your journey. carefully onto the moving platform, then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car and supervised energy. This is the TTA blue line, non-stop service around Greetings intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the people movement presented by Enterprise. I'm Laura 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow land and my stars. Is there ever lots to see? From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in tomorrow. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Landing and Star Traders. Transfer to Green and Red Line. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling for the future. right by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny or On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except actual stars. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Attention. Please keep forwards clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. This is Starboard 75 or as we locals call it a space. Our highspeed rocket for distant deep space destinations. Oh, let relaxation wash over you like the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral moves of 7. You HQ owe it to yourself. Book today. Darkness. Oh my god. Heat. Heat. paging Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy 31. Please keep all clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Warrior, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. to Heat. Heat. Hong Kong. Hello. Woohoo! Take your time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms our people journey has nearly come full. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you on board. And even though we're concluding, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. Today. See you in the future. This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around Norway. Please keep all and other individuals away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and timies and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms, antennage away from the doors. Nice people move around. Beautiful skies. Step on the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. So, see what we're looking at here for weight times. Teacups are 15. Speedway is 20. Cinderella carousel or Prince Charming carousel is 15. Small world's 20. Pirates is 25. I might Oh, a while since I've done Small World. I don't know. I might do that. Maybe Speedway a couple times the last stream. What do you guys think? Should we Should we Should we brave Small World? Should we Should we brave it? What What are your What are your thoughts, teammates? I forgot to look down into the the Buzz Lightyear thing. I could have looked down into it for sure. Yes, the parade is at 7:45. We have lots of time. No worries. Don't stress. This is supposed to be relaxing. And you need steak. Both Texas roadouses are so busy. Yeah. I love love Texas steak. Teacups. Very good. I would do Peter Pan. Somebody said Peter Pan. I did it at the end of the night last time because it's just, you know, kind of busy and it it takes up, you got to think about with the live stream, you know, it's not like a vlog where you could just turn off the vlog while you're waiting in line and then just show the the interesting part, the ride. Um, it's more, you know, obviously we we don't pause the stream. So, um, try and keep it as moving as we can. And we try not to do too many super long lines, so it's more fun to watch. But sometimes we have to do a little bit of line here and there. But yeah, I love love love Texas Roadhouse. The rolls are so good. Even the steak, everything like, you know, it is a chain restaurant, but they they do their food really well. Those steak fries are so good. As long as you don't get them soggy. It's my least favorite thing. I'm not the kind of person who likes soggy steak fries. I like I like my steak fries to be crisp. I like my steak to be juicy, not the other way around. Did it by the skin of my teeth. That is true. No, I really did. It was like I technically was late and luckily they were being nice and let still letting a couple people in. Usually if again cast members are good. Usually if they see you hustling, you know, they'll they'll even tell you don't run. They'll run. We'll let you in. Don't run, you know, don't hurt yourself. Just like we see you coming. You know, it's kind of like at McDonald's whenever we were closing when I was younger was in high school and we would um we would see somebody coming if we were about to close. Like, you know, we're not going to shut the door in anybody's face. That's just rude. So, here, let's go this way. Of course, you'd always have somebody who would come up. I always try not to be this person. You always have somebody who comes in super late and then they order a ton of stuff and you got to fire up everything again. I don't know. We don't have to do small world. It's up to you guys. I just thought we hadn't done it for a while. And it is kind of lower. Uh let's see. We could do Somebody mentioned Carousel Progress. We could do that too. resort buzzing said his lambgo was acting up. Um I definitely I do like that we just we did do it last time too. So I was just trying to switch it up a bit. Sorry, we didn't do it last time. I did it with Jenna on Friday. That's what it was. I don't know. Oh boy. Seven horses. Busy busy. You think you saw me at the pop century shop? Nice. Oh, it's so dark in here. I remember with the older phones we had, you could not see anything on the screen. It was just black here. People used to complain like, "Why do you have a live stream if we can't see anything?" And I'm like, "I because I work during the day." It's so funny. When we first started, people just did not understand. Somebody would come in sometimes be like, "What is the point of this?" And I was like, "Uh, yeah, it's it's always interesting to be first." That's something. Yeah, I saw that too. Sean, are you Josh TV? Yes. I'm a huge fan. Can I get a selfie with you? Of course. Hopefully it's not too dark here. That's okay. I might get the flash on. You got this. Go for it. We will have to watch you guys. Oh, I love that. What's your name? I'm Josh as well. Oh, good name. Let's see. Perfect. Oh, no. That didn't work at all. There we go. Take two. Make sure it worked. That good. Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. Hey, nice to meet you, Josh. Nice to meet you as well. You guys have a good night. Everyone, everything else is 30 plus. Yeah, that is accurate. Uh, Jungle Cruise is like 45 or something, though. Usually in the evenings, we we, you know, we tend to just kind of chill. I I would almost I would rather walk I would rather stroll you around the park than make you stand in a long long line with me. I think it's it's more interesting on the stream and you get to see more of the park. So, yeah. Uh, Jungle Cruise is uh 55. Haunted is 55. It's a holiday weekend for sure. For sure. So, all the decorations are down. Even all the all the extra decorations they put around Fantasy Land here, which are were really nice. That's always good. Snack time. Yeah. No, I'm good. Hey, you fault as well. Good to see you. Yeah, if I was just hanging out by myself that much, going to get a snack probably would be a thing. I would probably do it. I would probably do it. I did the Run Disney 5K. I loved it a lot. Nice. Yeah, we're doing the 10K in April. So, I'll get my first taste of Run Disney. That'll be fun. Yeah, this doesn't look too bad. Just a couple a couple rows in here as all We'll do it. We'll do it. We'll do a little singing in different languages. Why not? Why not? See for olderness Ricky and Nick picks in here. Welcome in guys. Mega Byron in Janice Disney. Treehouse. Yeah, tree house is absolutely an option. We get over there for sure. Luckily, there's no weight, so we can do that anytime. But yes, it's totally an option. And as people start to get parade spots, the lines will drop. But where I like to watch the parade from works cuz you don't have to stand there for too long. And there also is a curb you can sit on so I don't trash my ankles too badly. I I just I stream enough I can't stand still in the same spot for too long anymore. I know I'm getting old. It's not really even that. It's just most people just don't abuse their bodies as much as we do. Just came back from Disney World. Sorry we miss you. Yeah, sorry we miss you, too. It's such a big place. It's easy to do. I do hope. Oh, do you're the new Richard Sherman verse that he wrote before he died. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Watching on the bike trainer mile 15. Oh, nice. Hey, take her tail. She was going to cut it down because after this we'll probably stroll a little bit and then go um get ready for parade. Okay, this has now gone down to 15. So, it's uh Pirates is down to 20. So, see everybody's starting to get parade spots. We'll get there. Hey, is it Doug? How are you? something scary. Yeah. He wants to know if you're live. Oh, yes. Yeah. Are you on Tik Tok? Uh YouTube. YouTube. What's your What's your name? It's Resort TV1 on YouTube. Just type in resort. It'll come up. Oh, that's fun. Yeah. I know. Yes, that's the one. You got it. Got a new subscriber. Thank you. Nice to meet you guys. Yes. That's magical when I hope raised $70,000. That's right. Uh Jennifer $5. Just wanted to say happy Saturday and I hope you are having a great night. Thank you for bringing the Disney Magic Josh. Yes, thank you. Thank you, Jennifer. Appreciate that. I'm glad you're enjoying it. Oh, Sean, I didn't No, I didn't see it. Sorry. I can only see about three messages at a time. So, it's likely that I missed some messages here and there just to show you guys here. I'll show you guys what I see. Ken and I are going to work to make it easier, but this is this is what I see. So on your screen, you guys see like 15 or 20 at a time. I only see that. So I need to uh we need to tighten up the spacing a little bit, which we're going to do. But either way, it's a thing. But yeah, Sean, um I'm I might have a Coke and a cookie later. Yeah, for sure. Not now, but yes, later. For sure. Thank you. Almost there. We could have waited for pirates, too. But hey, it's kind of fun to do rides we don't always do. Hi, how are you? Hi. There they are. Hey. I got like 16. Uhoh. I need AR glasses. Chaffy. That would be actually super cool. That would be a great application of that type of technology. But we'd have to find the right glasses and find an app that would do it. But hey, I mean, technologically, it's definitely possible. That would be amazing. Actually, there'd have to be some kind of gesture control to like scroll up or down, but you know, I'm sure all of that's possible. Yeah. Unfortunately, we had them we had uh we had Ken increase the font so we can see it easier. But I think uh we're going to have to decrease the font a little bit and tighten up the spacing. We get more than three messages at a time cuz if the screen updates, I might see um I might miss out on a lot of stuff. standing there. I don't know if there's an app for viewing uh YouTube live chat on AR. Don't forget to hit Don't forget to hit the like. Oh, as you um as you come in, as you watch and enjoy. Yeah, everything's busy. This is one of the less busy things. Do you hope to go on the adventure one day? Yes, it looks amazing. The Disney Adventure down in Port Canaveral right now. Looks amazing. I wish we'd had time to go over and see it, but or see her, I should say. Ships are her, right? Isn't that how we do that? Either way, it would have been fun, but didn't have time. Too busy. But yeah, she looks beautiful. It would be a lot of fun, I think, to be on Disney's biggest ship. Yeah, it's a holiday weekend. That's why it's crowded. But again, everything else is as long or longer. So, Tron is 120 right now. Oh, no, it's down. It was 120. Now it's down. Pirates is back up to 30. Good call. We didn't do that. This is one of the lowest weight times. Check this out. 15 55 55 for Haunted, 40 for Tiana, 30 for um for Pirates. Crazy. Oh, there you go, Mr. Master. You're going to sit at the bar. That works. Enjoy those rolls for me. I wish I was wish I was there to have some. on the count. I don't mind people going up to join their party, but maybe if you wouldn't like just push me out of the way, that'd be cool. Like say excuse me. Not hard to be not hard to be polite. Oh, wow. Sky goes 14. Yep. That's pretty cold. Our Glover, you're welcome. Oh, Sean. Um I usually get a coke and a cook a chocolate chip cookie, but I I probably won't get it till later. Um cuz I want to, you know, we got parades, fireworks, rides, all that kind of stuff. So, I'll probably do it sometime after the fireworks. So, you don't have to worry about it. I appreciate it, though. But, you know, when it's time, I'll let you know if you want, but I'm happy to buy my own, too. So, thanks, buddy. I don't think there's any mobile order at the Starbucks where my favorite cookies are. How many here? Here inside please. Thank you. Gracias. Welcome to It's a Small World. For your safety, please remain. That's right. Man is crossing. Yep. Keeping your hands cuz you know if you're sitting in, if you're standing in line just facing forward, you're not looking behind you. So you don't see that somebody's coming behind you. And so then you're, you know, you're not going to see that you need to move. So that's why if you hear somebody say, "Excuse me," or, you know, a tap, gentle tap on the shoulder, like that's fine, too. Don't mind that. But just don't like, you know, barrel into me. It happens way more than it should. How hard is it to get a table at Pinocchio's uh to watch the boats go by? Uh not hard. It just depends on the time of day. You just have to be lucky. It's like anything else. During lunch, it's pretty hard, but in the evening, it it calms down a little. Hey, Mark. Thank you so much. Oh, no worries, Sean. Yep. I appreciate it. Comment courtesy is quickly becoming a thing of the past. Yeah. And I think sometimes maybe it's a language barrier thing like people, you know, saying maybe they don't feel like they speak English well enough or whatever cuz I heard people saying, you know, excuse me in Spanish, which still works. I I still understand what you're saying, but either way, I just needs to say it. Uh just one. So yeah. Anyway, but like I said, if I was going, you know, somewhere I would say I'm in Germany, I would learn to say excuse me in German. You know, I don't remember anymore, but I did at one point or in French or wherever you're at. There's certain phrases you should know to be polite. Oh yeah, that's that's all good, Sean. But yes, thank you. Oh, wow. Here's the adventure. That is a big ship. Look at that bridge. Golly, be cool if they had dolls at Jen and I. Yeah, that would be cool. Yeah, it's a very very big ship accord according to what I've heard. I think Jenna is the one that told me this or somebody a couple people I think but either way, you know, just that apparently that they u another company started it but didn't finish it and then or couldn't finish it. Money issues. Disney was like, "Hey, we got that. We'll buy that from you." That's pretty cool. Okay. Well, here we go. That didn't take long. out on the voyage keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat and please watch your children. Thank you. We're 67ing. I don't have two hands or I do it back. For your safety, please remain seated throughout your voyage. Keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the watch your children. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, heat. Hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You know we Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. It's a small world after all. It's a small world after all. It's a small. It's a small world. Please remain seated until that's it. Please remain seated until you look. All right. Come on. All right, we're almost there. It was a good ride. We didn't have too much uh flag either. So fun. And definitely uh it is an earworm, but it's a nice message. Especially the new verse. It's something that uh I think we need to hear lately with all the crazy stuff going on. It's nice to hear messages of unity and hope as opposed to all the other nonsense. And as Forest Gump said, that's all I have to say about that. Yes, Isaac did a great job on the lyrics in several different languages. It's so fun. Yeah, it's a very special important. It really ties it together, I think, very nicely. I always love the perspective of the astronauts when they go out to space and they kind of see like, you know, we we grew up seeing maps with all these borders and stuff on them. And I get like I I get it. I'm not saying there shouldn't be countries or bord like whatever. But the idea is when you go up in space and none of all that matters at all. We're just like one Earth. And that's really cool to remember. Starlight is at 7:45, so we need to hustle up, get over there. We should be fine. Even if we have to stand behind somebody, we should be okay. But yeah. Yeah. So, Starlight up next, the Starlight Parade. Let's go do it. All right. Here we go. All right. So, Wonder if we can still get through this way. It'll be faster if we can just go straight. Maybe not through the castle, but at least around the castle. We'll see. Maybe even through. I know, right? Hey, Canadian Disney family. Welcome in. All right. Starlight Parade coming up. Oh, we cannot. Oh, maybe we can. Hold on. Hold on. They haven't closed it off yet. They haven't closed it off yet. like a Okay, we can go right through the castle. Nice. Hi, Anthony. Steve and I were in Fort Lauderdale last week and the Disney Dream and I think the Disney Treasure were both uh parked in port. I was so excited to see them. Yeah, they're beautiful ships. Beautiful ships. Both of them. We were lucky enough to see some ship, you know, several ships out when we were at sea cuz they they do travel a lot of the same water. So you if you know they get close enough to each other you can see them which is super fun. Uh and my students had their solo and ensemble today straight ones on all class A solos. Hey proud teacher moment. That is awesome. Good for you. You're teaching those kids solid solid technique and musicianship. Excellent. Well, as we say here, superior. Either way, it's great. Great job. That's no small task. I've done that a few times, too. and had everybody get what we call a superior or division one or level one, whatever you want to call it. It's great. Um, and uh, you know, then all your state people go to state and get a superior division one, whatever thing. I mean, it's it's very cool. It's a validating for what you do. And, you know, it's it's it's a combination. It's not just good instruction. It also requires kids to work hard, too. the students have to work um and and follow the instructions of the teacher as well. So, it's it's both. That's why it's such a cool thing whenever it comes together to uh to uh create a good result like that. Okay, I'm going to go somewhere here. It is crowded. All right. Again, beautiful night of Magic Kingdom. If you're curious about the temperature, it's 64°. Speaking of temperature, we have our resort TV 24/7 channel that uh tells you the temperature in Orlando all the time and also all the wait times for the rides. If you're like, "Hey, wonder what the wait time for so and so is." Yeah, you can get out the Disney app, but you can also just watch our 24/7 channel, which is so fun. You can see relaxing strolls from all over the place. And I will be adding to that eventually. I've been pretty busy getting the beginning of the semester started here, second semester at school. But once I uh once I start once that starts getting back into place, then I'll have more time at home to uh to work on things. Um but I've also been working on a media server for our house um a little bit. So that's been good. Hopefully we'll be able to watch anything we want whenever we want. So either way, um Resort TV 24/7. Go subscribe. We also have RetroTV1 Tech, which is our tech channel, my tech channel. Um, and uh I just covered uh my first ever computer that I use. So, that was fun. So, definitely check that out. Retro TV1 Tech. And um Jenna has a another channel, too. She and Dale have a Adventures of Jenna and Dale. So, you definitely want to go check out all the extra channels we have. We also, of course, have Resort TV1 Homes. We haven't posted on that for a while, but we do have it. Speaking of which, let's talk about some of our awesome sponsors. We do have resort tv1homes.com if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida. Just go check out resorttv1homes.com. And one of our expert realtors brokered by EXPY will help you find your dream home here in Central Florida. That is resortv1homes.com. Again, resorttv1homes.com. Go check them out. They are awesome. They're brokered by EXP Realy and if you want to move down here, they got you covered. They'll talk to you about location, budget, you know, ins and outs of the area. So, if you're like, "Oh, I don't know which neighborhood is best or where's the traffic." They can tell you all that stuff. The only thing they can't talk to you about is schools. There's some laws about that, but you can do your if you're if you have kids, do your own research on schools because the realtors can't really um talk too much about that, but they can talk about, you know, hi, how are you? Good. Don't want to interrupt. Oh, you're fine. Yeah. Nice to meet you guys. Nice to meet you. Have fun. Thank you. Yeah, they can talk to you about uh traffic and you know house prices and stuff like that, but they they can't talk about schools and things. But um lots of information out there on the internet about that. So anyway, resortbomes.com. All right. So, I always love my Saturday nights at Magic Kingdom, which is super fun. Now, Jenna won't be with me this Friday, so I got to decide where I will go. I don't know where I will go. Excuse me. We shall see. I don't know where I will go. I don't know where I will go. You guys got room for one more here? Yeah. Okay, cool. I saw I saw the blanket, but I I wanted to make sure there was enough room. Resort. Oh, how fun. How fun. I was like, Dela, it's Josh Resort TV. Oh, cool. I was hoping like, oh, no, he's taking our spot. No. Okay, you're good. Okay, awesome. Played it out. You're That's awesome. You guys good here. Oh, I love it. Yep. There. It's a great spot. You're going to love it. We've never seen the parade, so we were hoping that Oh, yeah. This was where we should sit. We were like, I hope this is okay. A lot of the special effects things happen just like in this area. Great. And then you get this speaker here, which is super good sound. This parade is one of those where you kind of really do need to hear the music kind of loud. So, it's good. You're going to love it. Yay. You guys want to say hi on the live stream? Yes. Do you want to say hi? Okay. We got our family here from where where you guys from? Chattanooga, Tennessee. Chattanooga. I love it. Chattanooga is beautiful. We drive through there. Well, when we lived in Indiana, we drove through there every time on the way down. We love it there. It's a cool little city. My friend Naomi then if I ever saw you, I would say Naomi back in Chattanooga. She's my best friend. A Well, shout out to Naomi. That's nice meeting you. And you guys as well. Well, thank you for watching. I appreciate you guys. Enjoy the show. It's a It's called Resort TV One on YouTube. Just go to YouTube and search for Resort TV and then the number one. Yeah, we do live streams a couple times a week. Yeah. My uh my little son who's on his way up this way um has a podcast as well. Okay. Um he's based out of Colorado, so that's a little trickier. Yes, that's always hard. Yeah, we do uh usually live streams. also do some edited vlogs and stuff too. But we really like the live cuz it's interactive. We get to talk to people while it's happening and people ask questions or you know what's the best way to do this and we try and help them out. So one more time resort TV and then the number one all one word Yep. Awesome. Yeah, for sure. All right. Hi. How are you? Good. How are you? Say hi to my husband. He's actually walking me. Of course. Hi, honey. I wish you were here. A that's awesome. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Know, Chattanooga is beautiful. Beautiful city. They got hoppers all over the place. I love it. So cool. Yeah. Bop the like, everybody. Bop the like, not the rap. So, we have some PayPal. Uh Sean sent one earlier. Uh thank you, Sean. I believe it was right before we got on to Small World. Uh Sean sent $25. Little pixie dust to show how much we love and appreciate you and your family have done to bring us the Disney magic. Oh, for sure. Sean, thank you. It's our pleasure. And then um oh no no no need to mention okay fine we we I won't say it but we did get a $10 PayPal from another anonymous hopper. So thank you anonymous. Okay. Good. How are you? You have a you have a a channel as well, she said, or sort some type of social media. Yeah, we do a podcast and we uh also make videos every super cool. Yeah, we uh we just mostly on YouTube, but we've got Instagram, Tik Tok, all the things, you know. But yeah. Yeah. Oh, you I'll get out of your way so you guys can have the picture. What's your podcast called? Oh, it's called Noah Parker's World of Wonder. Oh, I like that. That's cool. Amazon, Spotify, Apple, and iHeart podcast and YouTube, of course. Nice. The easy place. Yeah. Yeah, you got to put it on YouTube. That's always helpful. People, all six of them listen. Hey, that's all right. You got to start. I remember I always tell people this. We've got over 200,000 subscribers now, but I remember when we had 22. Okay. Yeah. You know, I remember when we had none. Like, you know, I had just originally put stuff up like to have it on the Apple TV. Okay. I used to put the resort that's why the channel's called Resort TV. I used to put the Stacy Must Disney and then the the blue scrolling channel, you know, with all the parks on it. I used to put that up and if when we lived up north, I would record it. I'd bring my laptop and record the TV and then I would uh put it up and I'd be able to like play it and pretend like I was still at Disney. I love that. I I've used that. Yeah. So, if you've watched one of those, it's it may it may or may not be ours. cuz I know a lot of people have done it since then. I think it was um I remember Resort TV 1. Yeah. Sounds familiar. We've been doing that for a while and then live streaming kind of became a thing so we started doing that. Heck yeah. So yeah, I'm into it. Yeah. So it's been fun. But my name is Noah, by the way. Nice to meet you, Noah. Yeah. Yeah. You guys, you want to say hi on the live stream? Sure. So Noah Noah Parker, I'm assuming, cuz you that's your your podcast. So go check that out, guys. Yeah, we got we do videos on Saturdays usually, just random. Like we'll be filming a couple stuff this week. Um We'll we'll maybe get you a few more followers there. That'd be awesome. Appreciate that a lot. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Right on. Noah Parker's World of Wonder. YouTube channel is you is Noah Parker channel. Noah Parker channel. So, do you do yourself or you have like partners that come on sometimes or I do it mostly with my wife, Adriana. Sometimes my mom um will will film some stuff like um I live in Colorado so I'm not here very often. So when like Zootopia Betters Together opened up, I sent them down and I was like, "Tell me what you think of it. We'll put put a video up." That's good. You You got a team on the ground. No, that's eventually we'll get down here. But for now, they're my impark reporters. That's great. Where in Colorado? Uh near Denver. It's a little town called Longmont. Okay. No, I've heard of that. I My wife's family is from Col. Yeah. No, my wife's family's from uh Colorado. Okay. Uh, in fact, we were just up there in uh Golden, I believe, for a um for a um family reunion a couple years ago. Awesome. Um and then um is it Lakewood maybe too? Is Lakewood I think? Okay, so Lakewood I can't remember all the places but um and then they have some family in Colorado Springs of course and then they also have some people on the west side or Western Slope or whatever you call it. Western Slope. Western Slope. So I even I even believe it or not I used to do some off-roading. I have driven Engineer Pass. Okay. which is out there by Uray and all that in the on the western slope. So beautiful country, no guardrails, so got to be careful. Very careful. I asked my father-in-law cuz he's from out there. I was like, "Why no guardrails?" And he's like, "That's a false sense of security. If you're coming down off the mountain, that guardrail is not going to stop you." I was like, "That's fair." But it still makes me feel better. I would think the guardrail would kind of let you think you can take that corner faster than you can. Without it, you're going to be very careful. That's what we said, my wife and I. We were like, "Respect the edge. Respect the edge." Yeah. We made it. But my knuckles were white at the end. For sure. I bet. Four and a half years ago because Colorado doesn't have any That That is true. There. Yeah. A little too much snow for Disney probably. Exactly. And Florida doesn't have snow. No. Well, sometimes. We got 10 We got 10 inches of snow in Pensacola last year, which was very, very weird. Um, my favorite part of that was seeing videos on Facebook of the road crews out there with Morton salt from the grocery store. I mean, yeah, it works the same, but that's probably not like enough salt to be effective. Like, I'm from Indiana, so I know how salt works, right? You know, you got a giant dump truck full and you just go for it, right? Like you're a little salt canister. You can do the sidewalk, maybe, I guess. But that cracked me up. I was like, "This is how you know that the road crew is from Florida. We don't know how to use salt." Yeah. In Orlando, we had flurries. We have had flurries a few times and stuff that would stick to the car windshield, but, you know, not not anything more than that. Gainesville, but we occasionally we get blurries, too. Yeah. But when that sort of thing happens here, I don't know what to do. Nobody comes out or they get their big jackets and stuff and we're like, I know there's plenty of when I lived in Indiana, there's plenty of people up north that couldn't drive in the snow either. You know, I got um I was lucky one time I had a I'd had a trailer hitch and luckily I still had the ball in it and somebody rear ended me and it put a giant hole in their bumper and my my car was fine and I was like I was at the stoplight so I was like this means you should slow down earlier when it's it's icy. This is a big problem in Colorado is people driving Subarus and going I have four-wheel drive. I'm like but you don't have four-wheel stop. Exactly. They don't understand the four-wheel drive is only helpful when you're trying to get moving. Yes. It does not help you stop whatsoever. It does not get you stopped. Yeah. It also doesn't work if it's not engaged. My I used to have one of the old school Jeeps where you had to pull it in and out. And so it was one of those where they said don't go over a certain speed with it on. So you get on the highway and like the it kind of clears off and you're like, "Okay, I can take it out. I can go like 50 or 55." And then we got out on the highway and we hit a patch and I I lost it. We spun off and luckily we didn't flip but went off the road. Well, we were still in two wheel drive. So that four-wheel drive, you got to roll a couple times for it to go in. So I had to be I had to be pulled out. Oh jeez. And they're like, "Don't you have four-wheel drive?" I'm like, "Yep, it's not engaged." So we are we are just out of luck. Yeah. That's always funny to me. No, four-wheel drive was a nice thing to have, but it definitely is. You still have to know how to drive. Absolutely. Always fun. People always laugh at me though when I get cold down here. I'm like, I live almost 30 years in Indiana. I know what real cold is, but like Yeah. You're like, I've experienced it. I It is a different cold. It's humid and there's a lot more wind here because we're by the ocean. Yes. So, we get when it's a windy, humid, cold, it hits harder. It does. It does. And up north sometimes if it'd be 30° and sunny, I'd be like warm, you know, 30 35 and you're like, it's sunny? I'm I'm good. Nope. I don't even need like a light jacket, maybe. Yeah. Right before I came down, actually, it was 50° in Colorado. It was sunny. I was in shorts. Yeah. Yeah. 50° in sun. Yeah. You're You're fine. 50° down here without the sun. Not so much. No, not it was actually in fact uh Thursday it was the cold front was coming in and we had 20 30 mph winds and even though it was 50 I mean you would have thought it was 20 something. I mean it was just that wind was just frigid coming straight out of the I told the people from Canada I said hey stop sending your air down here like sharing is cool but like you know stealing our Yeah exactly got one good snow this year really last year I guess yeah there was one day somebody said when we had a cold snap that it was warmer or Sorry. It was colder here than in Colorado Springs one day. Yes. Which is just insane. Yeah. That was relatively recently. She She was like, "What temperature is it there, guys?" And I'm like, "Uh, it's 57, 58." She's like, "It's 40 down here." Yeah. It was so crazy to be colder down here. What day was that? Last week. I think it was just last week or so. Yeah, it wasn't long. Wasn't long ago. It's 19 here. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah, when we were up north, people always say how cold it is there, but when I was we were up north, you know, we didn't hang around outside when it was 8°. We you you run in the house, you run back out, you get your coat, you know, you don't you don't just stand around outside, right? That's right, Sean. That's right. Just cuz you can go doesn't mean you can stop. Very true. It's a bitter cold that goes to your bone, chills all the things. Yeah, it does. It really does. There are a lot of skyin. Do you have a good birthday? That's birthday. You guys like the conversations? Yeah. Always fun. Always fun for sure. Hi Josh. Hey, how are you? Yeah, you too. We met you in 2018 when you when you were first starting out and this first time back since then. So, welcome back. Yeah, we brought the cold weather as well. You did. Thank you for that. UK to this. Yes. I told our It's not too bad today, but I told our our Canadian viewers, too. I'm like, "Stop sharing your air." Sharing is cool, but maybe not the cold. We go back. Bring it back. Okay, that's good. We'll take it back. We usually get a couple cold snaps in January and then by February they kind of fizzle out and we're back to warm. So, it's good for me without the humidity because that's always sort of really hot, isn't it, in September when we normally Nice to get a break from it. But yeah, it must be cold for you when you live here. It's a little bit. I was also grew up in Indiana where it was very cold and we got snow all the time and so yeah we had snow before we left so yes in the north of England yeah it's nice to see you again you as well you guys want to say hi on the live stream we should say hi to mom and dad before we got to bed tell us where you were so come find you find you and say hi where um where in the UK are you from in Sunland okay in the northeast the northeast one of these days I'm going to get over there I've been to Germany and Austria but not yet to uh the UK near Durham. So they filmed Harry Potter Durham Cathedral. The first film I've watched a lot of there's a travel um I don't know if you've heard of Rick Steves. He's like an American travel guy and he has a really cool episode about Durham and the Lake District and everything that's in that area. So beautiful. It looks gorgeous. I want to go. Maybe maybe find a maybe find a warmer day cuz it looks like it can be quite chilly up there. Not in the winter. Maybe when it's green. Yeah. Definitely. Summer time. Yeah. Or spring. Spring's nice. Spring is nice. It rains a lot in the summer. So, yeah. Just Well, that's why it's green, right? We saw this parade on YouTube, the first live one of that, and we thought we have to come back to see it in person. The music's so good as well. It's so good. And I was nervous about that cuz I'm a musician. I was like, "Okay, Spectro Magic Major Light. They were so good. It's a high bar and you've got to you got to live up to it." And I think they did a great job. We listen to this soundtrack as well. It's just so good. There's so many details to it. Oh, yeah. and seeing it in person. Will this be your first time or you've already seen it once? We saw it on Thursday. So that was the first night. We got in the park just as it was starting about an hour in the park. It's so nice to have a parade again. So nice. But no, it is it's good on the stream, but it's better in person. So you have to see it and just enjoy it. And yeah, we watch the second one tonight. Might be a bit quiet there. It is. And especially if you go back into Liberty Square Frontier Land. Yeah. Here is always kind of quiet too. Yeah. But back in Liberty Square Frontier Land, second parade, you can walk up like 15 minutes before and get a spot. We had a lot of stress. We had cancelled flights getting here and all sorts of things. So, it was nice to finally get in and watch. Oh, good. I'm glad you made it eventually. Yes. Excellent as well. Oh, yeah. Tron is wonderful. Short but nice. Exactly. And we did Guardians yesterday which was that's a longer ride and it's Yeah. So, it's 2018. There's a lot of new rides here. Haven't done the studios yet. Yeah, that's nice. Okay. Excellent. Nice to see you guys. Yes. Enjoy the rest of your trip. Yes. Thank you. Of course. Enjoy the parade. Bye, guys. Dream the night away begins in just 10 minutes. See, Train's excited. He's excited. He's very excited. Yeah, I got to bring my son back to this. He's only seen it once. We haven't gotten to see it yet. So, you're going to love it. And we were doing the Christmas party and so we didn't get to see this. And so, we were like, what if we just went down for the weekend and did the art festival for her? Why not? We were like, you know what? We we've just modded all over from ECO to see the Why not? Yeah, why not? So, here we are. We used to do that. It's so funny. We used to drive down here, too. And um you know, because if you don't have flights, I remember a couple days when mom and dad were like, "You guys want to stay an extra day?" We're like, "Yeah." Well, we check with the hotel and they have another night. Yes, please. Like, oh, no. Oh, no. Not don't make me stay another day. That's always fun. Yeah. That's the best. Yeah. No. Um, we had and that for a while we had I mean we have annual passes now cuz we live here but like you know we were we had annual passes. We come down if you came down twice a year it was worth it. Well we have annual passes but we've got some family that live here but it's about an 8hour drive for us. Yeah. It's not bad. It's worth the drive. We can fly direct here but it's faster to drive. It's faster to drive because by the time we like get all the stuff we get to the airport 2 hours early, you know. I feel like I I feel like Yeah, it's the same thing like in that area between Chattanooga, Atlanta, anywhere south of there, you might as well drive because you're going to spend two hours see the airport and the security. It's going to get delayed. It's going to get delayed. Then you're going to have to get a car and you have to wait for your luggage and Yeah. Have to rent a car. You can't bring the big stroller. We're like, you know what? Yeah. We're like, well, we'll just drive. Yep. It's worth it. It is close enough that it like slightly like, oh, you know what? We could just go for this 3-day weekend. Yeah, why not? No, that's a great that's a great thing. Yeah, but we're very excited. Yeah, it's awesome. Tomorrow. Oh, awesome. Oh, you got your you got your ears on. I see that. Oh, yeah. He's a big star. One of my my son's best friend made an R2-D2 costume from scratch. Wow. And he brought it to the park and um his sister was dressed like Princess Leia, so that was fun. So they did a whole they did a whole thing a whole family costume every year. So um we do like a whole family costume. You were Lord Vader. That's what you call Lord Vader. Oh nice. Yeah. Is that your favorite Star Wars character? That's true. I heard um they're changing the time frame of um Galaxy's Edge, at least at Disneyland. parts of it are going to be the old trilogy, which will be fun. That'll be really cool. I think that's what people really want. Anyway, I was like, we're we're OG Star Wars. Yeah. I was like, oh, I wasn't old enough, of course, to see um I think I was probably still too young to see Empire, but I know I saw Return of the Jedi in the theater. We We're a little We're not quite old enough, but we're 86. So, we were born 86. Okay. But Return Return was in ' 86. I think, right? Or is it 84? So, I know. Let's see. Empire Strikes Back was 83, I think. I think you're right. Yeah. So, I could be wrong. It was just a touch before. Yeah. Yeah. Um I I did um I can't remember. My parents can't either. If I I was born in 79, but if I saw Back to the Future in the theater, cuz it was I would have been six. Oh, man. That's wild. But then they had it in the theater just, you know, a couple months ago, and we went and saw it, and I was like, was that the first time I saw it in a theater? I don't know. that. Wow. I s I know I saw number two and three in the theater. Yeah. Oh yeah. I don't think I did see the original in the theater. I think mom and dad maybe at that time thought maybe it was a little bit too mature. There is a lot of language in it. But I know uh you watch Stranger Things at all. They made the joke about Back to the Future where they're like this watch like this. Yeah. It was the time. It was a different time. Yep. Oh yeah. Yeah. Every time something weird about the '8s comes on, what was it? The Earth, Wind, and Fire song, Let's Groove Tonight, came on. And you know, they start that little robot voice and my son goes, "What is that?" I was like, "It's a robot voice." Like, he's like, "That's weird." I was like, "No, it's the '8s. It's Earth, Wind, and Fire. It's iconic." Hello, Stargazers. It's almost time to wish upon a star. In just a few minutes, Disney Starlight Dream the Night Away will begin to fully immerse you in the experience. The lighting around the Magic Kingdom will be reduced. For your safety and the safety of those around you, we ask that you remain in the same location until the lighting returns to normal. Thank you. Oh, okay. I was wrong. 77, 80, and 83. I knew the original Star Wars was 77, two years before me. 83. So, I still don't think I would have been probably too young to see that. Yeah. So, okay. So, this is what I remember then. This is why my timeline is messed up because I remember we had this silly little like McDonald's plastic cup from Empire Strikes Back. Yeah. But I think I I just remember it cuz we just kept it for several years. Yeah. But I would have been one when that came out. So, we were trying to explain to the kids, we were like, you know, we had a lot of like McDonald's like the Oh, yeah. that had like Batman and like Disney. We had so many collector. We didn't keep a lot of that, but we had it for a while. My My parents had a stuff. We had like the classic Hercules plates. Oh, yeah. And they were like, they had Disney park stuff, too. They have like a a blast like Epcot and like all these different things. I was like, "Oh man." Like we all Yeah. Sorry Star Wars fans. They're they're mad that I got the dates wrong. Sorry guys. Sorry. I didn't want to offend anybody. I knew somebody in there would be like No, they were like, "I thought you were a real fan." I was like, "Yeah, I don't know anything." None of the teams. Even when I said it, it felt wrong when I said it even. I was like, "Surely it wasn't six years between them. It's almost like Oh, yeah. You need to get that right. Somebody somewhere is going to correct you. That's like saying Jar Jar Binks is a great character, right? I know. Oh my god. You know what's what's funny? And I think a lot of people agree with me. Here's here's my hot take for the night. I actually I actually mind the the the second trilogy, the the prequel trilogy, 1 through three. I mind that less than I mind the new trilogy. Maybe that's not a hot take, but but I actually because when I saw seven and I was like, "Wait, isn't that just four again?" Yeah, it was the same story. Let's We're going to There's a thing that's going to blow up a planet and we got to destroy it. I'm like, and then there wasn't a lot of continuity. I know. I wish they'd have really taken a little more time to flesh out the stories a little more. I you know we rewatched like and this will be our we rewatched one two and three. Yeah. And we were doing like a whole rewatch of it and while one was questionable. Yeah. Uh you know two as bad as I remember. No. And three is actually pretty good. There's a lot of drama in three. I mean as as it should be. I was it was one of those. It's kind of like Empire. It definitely doesn't have a happy ending, just like Empire doesn't either, but it it kind of grew on me. Somebody said not a hot take at this point. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and I we totally geeked out. We Yeah. When you see Hing, we totally geeked out. I was like, "This is great. I I love it." Yeah, I thought it was awesome. And Obi-Wan, Sure. I thought it was great. Yeah. Yeah. You know, some of it's some of it's fine. Yeah. I was like, could have been good. Yeah. But it seems like even eight when I watch eight and I'm like where are we? What is happening right now in eight? Like like we're just like we went to this place and there's a casino and what's happening right now? And I don't know. It's just there's like wandering a little bit. Characters from 8 to 9. They just were like write those characters. It was Somebody said something about Rogue One. I actually didn't mind Rogue One even though you knew what was going to happen. I thought Rogue One was okay. I loved Angela. I love Rogue One. It is sad, but actually that's one of my favorites. Rogue One. Yeah. I don't I don't know if it's just cuz I like the Again, not a happy ending, but still. All right, guys. We have Oh, here we go. 5 seconds. Enjoy the show. Heat. Heat. Good evening everyone. Welcome to this wonderful night. Did you know that when a star is born, they possess a gift or two? One of them is this. They have the power to make a dream come true. So come with us now as we go on a magical journey through the stars and dream the night away. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Dreams come true. Do as dreamers do. And wish Welcome on this journey through the star where anything is possible and your most cherished dreams come true. My hello there. Come with me and bring the night away. It grows true to selfish and all your wishes may come true. We all deserve to have our wishes. They belong to us and they are unity. We are stars. Nighttime is the best time to dream. Don't you think? It feels like we can touch the stars. Do you think it was my wish right now? Are you going to make a wish? Heat. Heat. Starlight, you see it, too. I see a family and they're here. A, isn't that nice? Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. That's right. Oh, it's true. It's just off the land. Here we go. You will find us. So many stars. Look at all they just like us. It's a dream to be up here among the stars. Yep. It's a wish come true. Oh my. Have you ever seen anything so wonderful? The magic of starlight is all around us. Gosh, me. Have you ever seen a star sparkle like this before? Oh, it's so magical. All right, let's go. I think we're going to head to Pirates. Oh, thank you. There's so many stars to wish upon today. For more power just like us. It's a dream to be up here among the stars. It's a wish. Heat. Heat. Can I slide in right next to you? Awesome. Gosh, have you ever seen a star sparkle like this before? Always so magically. Come on everybody, wish. I wish that this night would never end. with all my friends. It's like all the shitty stuff. star just like us. It's a dream to be up here among the stars. It's a wish. Heat. Heat. is all around us. Have you ever seen a star like this before? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. It's like we're on a shooting star. There's a monster just like us. It's a dream to be up here among the stars. Yep. It's a wish come true. Okay, I made it. Oh, that was hard. There we go. That was hard to get across. That was awesome. Love that parade. It's so good. Yeah. Heat. Here's the ending. We got to hear the ending. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. I'm going to do this. Good stuff. Got to love it. Okay. Well, let's go ride Pirates. I'm hoping I I I'm assuming the weight time's not too bad yet. We shall see. So cool to just see the parade going too when you're just kind of like behind it. It's just so festive to have it running through the Magic Kingdom once again. Yeah, it really is a great It's just It really is a great Yeah, it looks like Coco is missing. You know, it happens even in the electrical, you know, they'd have they'd have floats that are missing for one reason or another. So the fireworks um start at 9:00. You said where uh winds. Yeah. So the fireworks start at 9:00. So we got time time to do this and probably head back for fireworks. All right, let's talk through some of our sponsors. Um, we got mickeyras.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning advice. If you want to book your next trip, just go check out mickeytras.com. Again, that's mickeyras.com. They also have mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. So, mickeytras.com and mickeyblog.com. Go check them out for all the latest Disney news. Also, uh, go check out resorttv1homes.com. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, just go check out resorttv1homes.com. We're brokered by EXP Realy. Resorttv1homes.com. Go check us out. We also have um, David's DVC Rentals, DVCrequest.com/tv. That is dbcrequest.com/tv. go check them out. Um, they will help you find a DVC room for a fraction of the cost. Even if you're not a member, it's a great way to check things out. If you're just like, "Hey, I don't know about DVC. I want to check it out." You can do it through Davis DVC. If you just need a DVC room for one trip, but you maybe don't want to buy the whole the whole contract and all that, yeah, go for it. Davis DVC rentals. DVCrequest.com/tv. All right. Well, let's uh I need to uh I need to switch over connections real quick for my my pirate connection. A pirated connection. Just kidding. Okay. Y. All right. We will be right back. Are you all real good? 93. Thank you. Hello. No pirate connection. I know. No pirated connections. Yeah, Spectro Magic was a parade years ago on Main Street. It was a great parade. Oo, they got the air conditioning on in here. I don't know that we need that, but it's on. Yeah. And I don't even know that it'll be actually 15. So, we'll just have kind of see. I think it'll be probably more like 10:00. But after fireworks, it should get much less busy. People leave and things. You know the drill. This is the way it goes. Yo ho yo ho up by life. Yeah. Our beloved I don't think you can get Hope everybody's having a good evening so far. Anybody watching the football games, too? If so, who are you uh who you rooting for? Who's your team? Mine actually is the Hooers, but that's a that's college. We don't play till Monday. Hi, how are you? Tron is still food in five minutes. Buffalo just gave the game to Denver. Well, there you go. That's a thing that happens. Rooting for San Francisco 49ers at the Seahawks. Okay. D Bears. Bears play too or do they play tomorrow? Bills, huh? Okay. Denver just won. Okay. It occurs to me a Main Street Electrical Pray first appeared at Disneyland 72, 53 years ago. You're not born yet. Nope, that's true. I was not. It was 7 years before me. Oh, I thought he treat because there's been training. Wonderful. I say Oh, there's a freeze watch. Okay, I didn't know that. Luckily, we don't have any sensitive plants outside. Yes. Oh my god. You can buy already got something to That was a big trust me. There's one story. That's right. getting close. Oh, hold on. Let me turn down the the bits. I had the bits too high. There we go. All right. Rob Fox. Josh will be watching the Hooers on Monday. Will I be? Yes, I will be. I won't be there, but I'll be watching it on TV. Unfortunately, not worth the amount of money they want for it, but it it is super cool and super historic. Yeah, I'm excited for people that do get to go. We'll have these up the top of that ramp for you guys. Hey WB, you love retro computer, too? Yeah. Good to see you. You were the one that gave me the Atari cartridges, right? Where did you So where is it? seen crazy prices like $3,000 for tickets on Monday and those were high up. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's what I'm saying. While it would be really cool, um, unless you just, you know, unless you're just fortunate enough to have that kind of money to throw around, which some people do, great. You know, that's good. Good for them. Um, but I just feel like that's a irresponsible amount of money to spend on one event for us, you know. Hey, Blueos. Last the ask for the back row so I don't get anybody behind me. Sometimes that helps it to be quieter. And after this we'll go watch Happily Ever After. Yeah, it didn't take long at all. two and three. How many here? One. Row six on the second boat, please. Second boat. Second boat. Perfect. You read my mind. Right behind those cannons is where we hit um 100,000 subscribers. Just coming around that corner there. It was very memorable. remember when computers had 12 in disc? I don't actually remember that personally. I only remember the 5 and 1/4 in. I don't know. Did they ever have 12 or they 8 in? Maybe they had 12. I don't know. I remember 8 in. Uh Josh, can you say hi to my dad? He's watching upstairs in his room. His name is Pat. Hi Pat. Enjoy the stream. All right, here we go. Time for the ride. Oh yeah, crew. For your safety, remain seated, but keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat and watch your children and no crash chains. Prepare to make sail. Be an evil soul. Fox down. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Your color. Surrender, Captain Jack Sparrow, or my thunder will burn the city to the ground. Jack SWa. I am no chicken. I will not offer everyone. Oh, quit your clock. The gentleman wants the rum, don't you, boy? Now you scurvy skunk. Do I hear 10? A hand for a 10 to see the look of his face when ears treasure my pursuit. You're trying to redo your life. around the animal right Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. running Heat. Heat. It's true. some misbeh. I Jack with a divine singing voice do have yourself a trigger small treasure indeed. I try to know this song. Feel free to join in anytime. station. Watch your step as you walk. Awesome ride. Nice to get to sit there in front of Jack and his parrot friend. of danger by stranger time we see onward to the bitter end You can tell what you're Oh, for sure. Yeah. How are you? What's your name? Ganon. What is it? Yeah. Ganon. Ganon. Nice to meet you. Yeah. Remember when we ran into you at the movie watch? You know, I don't you like to refresh my memory. How long ago was it? I run into a lot of people. Yeah. So, no, sorry. It's it's like it's been a long time. It's hundreds of months, so I'm I can't keep up anymore. But, but actually, that's a that's a super cool name, though. It's my grandmother's main, her last name. That's fun. We got it as a first name. I love that. And so, we checked this morning cuz we knew we were just here one day. We saw you were going to be here. He said, "Can we" and I said, "It's better if we don't try to force anything." And that's fine. Everyone, do you want to say hi on the live stream? Say hi. Uh, and what was your name? Hi everyone. I'm Jill, but you might know me as Big Noodle tomorrow in the stream. Every once in a while, mostly a Ninja Watcher, but every once in a while I get to chat. So, that's great. No, you guys uh so you have the one day here at Magic Kingdom then. One day actually Monday morning. Oh, what's the season? Oh, yeah. I think my my sister's done that one maybe. I don't know. Yeah, she did the icon too, I think. Oh, yeah. Okay. So, I think it's in the same class, but we haven't He was really, really small when we went on the fantasy, so it's been a long time. Okay. Looking forward to it. Nice. It's going to be fun. Yeah. Have fun for sure. Picture. Yeah. Let's do it. Absolutely. Absolutely. All right. One, two, three. Perfect. Thank you so much. Yeah. Nice to meet you guys. Appreciate it. Have a great evening. Bye. Thanks for watching. I think I'm okay. All right. Okay. Pirate Life Scally Wagon Trading Company. How fun is that? And again, I love the Jungle Cruise Golden Book there. It's fun. Was the Magic Kingdom last night. Got to see Christmas before they took it down. Yeah, they had it up late. Uh, somebody was telling us that I guess it was because of the filming for the Hallmark uh specials. I guess maybe that was the deal. Either way, um, normally they would take it down after the marathon, but if not, you know, Sunday or Monday after the marathon. This is Red Skull mug. How fun is that? Beacon Barrel merch. Of course, we got Rummy the Parrot. Good old Rummy. And you can go right over here next door and and go to Beacon Barrel. It's worth it. It's a good uh it's a neat place. Uh I totally totally encourage you to go to Beacon Barrel if you can. Totally encourage it. Lightning. Yeah, we have lightning. We'll just go after you guys. 7 years ago, today we left Columbus, Ohio to take our daughter to the Disney College Program. We stayed ahead of Winter Storm Harper. Oh, wow. I forgot they named winter storms now. You know, like they've named hurricanes and tropical storms for years. And they did start naming winter storms, didn't they? That's probably, you know, if it's a big one, it's probably good to have a name so we can remember it when you talk about it. But I guess it made sense you don't want to remember it. But yeah, Discover Resort TV one a few weeks later. Nice. Purchased the Dead Man Tell No Tale Spirit. Nice. Those were there yesterday. Was there yesterday and told the same thing Christmas stuff was up for filming. Okay. Oh, so maybe the cast members were telling everybody because they they were, you know, people were like, "Hey, it's like halfway through the month. What are we doing?" So, it's not that we don't like Christmas. It's just uh it's just uh strange, irregular, if you will. Almost time for Halloween decorations. Yeah, guys, Halloween parties start next week. I'm just kidding. Nah, they'll wait till February. Yeah, the Halloween parties do start early compared to the Christmas parties. Cuz Halloween goes so late that by the time, you know, nobody really feels like the Christmas parties are early cuz it's like November 8th or 9th usually. So, by that point, everybody's kind of getting in the swing of things with Christmas and really excited for it. But, yeah. Hi from Chicago. Hello. Welcome in. Okay. Well, let's see. I think I'm going to take a quick restroom break and then I willh find a fireworks spot. So, if you guys will hang out with the BRB for a minute, I would appreciate it. And then we're going to do Happily Ever After. So, don't go anywhere cuz you don't want to miss happily ever after cuz Happily Ever After is awesome. So, yeah, we'll be right back. I'm going to use the restroom and then uh we're going to watch Happily Ever After. So, stay tuned. See you in a bit. Wait, did I not? Yeah, I did. Sorry. Hold on. I'm just making sure that the connection's working. That's weird. Uh, having a little bit of trouble. Hold on. There it goes. Okay. All right. We will be right back. Sorry about that. This is your heat. Oh my god. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. over there. Welcome back. We are ready to rock and roll down to the fireworks. Here we go. Watch that movie 200 times and you can't figure out. All right. MLE Network, congrats on 8 months Opera Silver. Hi guys. Wow, another milestone has been made. Yeah, thanks for being Resort Hopper Silver members. We appreciate you guys very, very much. Thank you. We're ready for some fireworks. We are ready to begin, as they say. I still can't believe kind of mind-blowing. You know, there were some really good things happened in 2025. And the fact that we got to hear Happily Ever After live and in person sung by the, you know, the same two artists that sing it in the park here on the on the recording, Jordan Fischer and Angie K. That was amazing. A bucket list experience to see the real Muppet performers perform was incredible. Like that's that's just that whole night was surreal. And I just happened to have been happen to have been in the right place at the right time. Exit. You can head straight down. any other shortcut, but that's for you. All right, let's go this way, though, so we don't have to turn off the stream cuz you can't film back there behind backstage. Can't film back there. All right, tell you what smells good. Hot dogs smell good. I didn't really have dinner. Had a late lunch. As soon as I'm have a late lunch, it's hard for me to eat dinner like at 5. Thought you'd be ready for the organize. All right, $5 from Mama. Mommy Diva Memes here. Let me turn the brightness back up here or the connection back up. Mommy Diva Memes. It says, "Hi." Oh, I'm going to get through the crowd here so I don't run into anybody. Sorry. Uh, hold on just a second. All right, so just a little little traffic jam back there. Uh, $5 from Mommy Diva memes. Hi Josh and everybody. Shout out from Emily and Brendan in North Abor, Massachusetts. Thank you, Mommy Diva. Appreciate you being here and appreciate that. Um, definitely appreciate that super chat. Thank you so much. Hey, David. Snowy. Yes. I'm wondering if it'd be snowing when we come up there. That'll be Liam's first time seeing real snow. So, I was telling everybody about it. I hope you guys can join us. It's going to be it would be really awesome to see you guys. And again, I am going to come see the arcade very soon, too. Let's see. I want to want to find the best. That's not too bad. I think that's pretty good, actually. Oh, you know what I need to do? I need to turn off the pirates connection so I have more battery power. Hold on real quick. Pause. Hello Hilton family. Be right back. How are you? a little BPM. I'm just amazed how you like switch between things and everything. It's just stuff we figured out over the years. So, we were here yesterday in the Christmas decorations. Yes. And uh for Walmart or something like that. That's what people were saying in the chat. Yeah. Really surprised to see the decorations. Was shocking. I saw it on Ron's stream last night and I was like, "Oh, wow." And then I but I thought, "Okay, well, maybe today." And yeah, sure enough, other than the toy soldiers, it's mostly gone, right? toy soldiers are still there. Pretty remarkable that they got everything down in one night almost. We were thinking we were wondering the late nights this weekend everything. So they last night they closed at 10, so that probably helped a little bit. Take it down. Oh, I'm sure they've done time lapse of it before, but yeah, you never really get to see the whole thing. Like I'm sure there's trucks thundering up and down the street and everything. It probably looks kind of weird to see, you know, trucks and and uh heavy equipment going up and down Main Street. Oh, I'm sure they had to probably have a bunch of people. Yeah, you can use machines for some of them. Pretty much you just have to have a bunch of people to, you know, take the stuff down. So, so we we did two I did two things today we've never done before. What's that? Um because you come to Disney this park in almost 2 years. So, Starlight and then we went to Beacon Burger. Oh, yeah. So, uh which was fun fun to see. Yes. two really good things. Starite is good. I think I think that parade still needs a little bit more to it when you compare it to Spectro Magic or the Electric Light. I mean, but I would still rather have that. Yeah. Um I like I mean I think Spectro Magic has the uh you know the tearjerker and kind of like the the fond memories. I think this one um does a really good job of kind of balancing out the two. And I don't think they want I think they were purposely like not having the parades as long just because you know you think about when Spectro Magic happened the crowds were a lot less. So I think I think shutting down the park for 20 minutes is probably not doable anymore. It's about the same parade during the afternoon. But I wouldn't mind another float or two, but it's about everything. Yeah, she's okay. I know. We're hoping to be hoping for a hoping for a cure one of these days. If not for mom, for everybody else eventually. So, your parents, for sure. Thank you so much. Yes. Have a good night. Nice to see you. All right, there you go. 10-minute countdown. My cousins would say, "Quit catching flies when I yawn." Yeah, that is a thing. All right. Joshua. Do you want to me to make some snowballs and put them in the freezer for Liam? Oh, let me see. Hold on. Sorry, I missed all that. Um, yeah. I don't Uh, there should be snow at least on the ground. There's been two There's only been 2 years and 50 plus that there wasn't snow on the ground for my birthday. Oh yeah, that's right. Well, we'll see. Yeah, I don't think we'll be able to um trying to think. I don't want you to have to bring him to the the conference. I don't know if we'll have I don't think we'll have time to make it down to your house this time cuz it's a quick weekend. But um but yeah, I'm hoping it's on the ground. Remind me, David, what day is your birthday? Is it It's in It's in January, right? ice cream. Music's so fun. Hope you guys are ready for some awesome fireworks. We have about seven minutes. That was good. Josh, did you know when they first opened Disneyland, they use real human rain skeletons and pirate? I heard. Yes, I did hear that actually. You sitting here watching a movie? You two look like babies. You two watching a movie. Oh, that would Oh, that'd be fun, David. Yeah, for sure. I'm hoping the snow stays, too. The 20th. Okay, so yeah, so it's this week. I think I have it on my calendar. I just hadn't looked. I'm not sure. Look at you. Music's so warm and fuzzy, man. 30 minutes. Well, you going you're going to national pep man high school competition. I didn't even know about that. That's cool. Dreamers of all ages in just a few minutes. The Magic Kingdom invites you to enjoy our nighttime spectacular, Happily Ever After, presented by Pandora. In order for you to fully experience tonight's performance, the lighting around the Magic Kingdom will be reduced. For your own safety and for that of others, we ask that you remain in the same location until the lighting returns to normal. Our journey will begin in just a few minutes. Thank you. I think of your mom. It's tough. I know from my own experience, but you have each other in all things Disney. Yes. Yeah, it is. It's tough, but we'll we'll keep going. Enjoy all the time we have. My hometown marching band performed on Main Street tonight. Upper Dolphin Area marching band from Elizabethville. Nice. Have fun. Bye for now. other Indiana. You know what I so appreciate about this? I love being on to chat and watching the stream because it prevents me from doom scrolling. Yes. Yes. Don't doom scroll. Don't do it. The doom scrolling is really bad today. Don't do it. estimated that MK makes 10 to 15,000 a day or 15 million a day. Wow. I Yeah, I don't know how accurate that is, but that is pretty cool. I'm sure Disney would probably never release those numbers, but it would be interesting to find out for sure. A whole new world and two minutes to go until magic time and we will we got here we got a projectors over here warming up still the projectors um on the back part of Main Street still aren't working. Don't know why. Oh jeez. Yeah, it's just so magical. Sorry, hold on. Kid is way too tall to be up there. I will never understand people who do that. an automated park. You think you saw a bunch a couple bats? It does happen. Pretty sure. All right. One minute or less. Adjust the brightness and off we go. Oh, that's new. Where is this going to heat? and they all live happily ever after. Each of us has a dream, a heart's desire. It calls to us. And when we're brave enough to listen and bold enough to pursue, that dream will lead us on a journey to discover who we're meant to be. All we have to do is look inside our hearts and unlock the magic within ready to begin. Let the wonder take hold you in the moment on me. I can hear everything setting out for a new soul. Every step we take brings a new home, a new day. Every choice we make by every wish into motion with our hearts. It's just even star shine bright. So make a wish and hold on tight. There's magic in the air tonight and anything can happen. Heat. Heat. There it tastes the morning there like ordinary man who freely walk there just one day and then I swear I'll be content with my share of reason. Your days within you. You just have to be brave enough to see it. A native journey begins. story. My only strong are I touch. I'm taking a trip. I track and I make me back to place I know where I cannot go where I see the light shine for me and Jesus is calling finally let me know what's beyond that line. Will I cross that? He calls me and no one knowing the way I keep behind me. Trust me, having our best friend by your side opens up all new world possibilities. That's right. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. That's what friends to friend. Every friend, some People are worth melting for. Say goodbye. Goodbye to the pain of the past. We don't have to feel anymore. God. In my heart You are Heat. Heat. I see every single All everything is different and this is Nobody has enough sword is the most rare and beautiful of all. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Nothing. Okay. Now, now you're going to do this. Look inside yourself. You are more than what you have become. Remember who you are. I have a dream of a far where heroes would be waiting for me. Where the crowds would cheer when they see my face and the voice keeps saying this is where I must be. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. And so our journey comes to an end, but yours continues on. Grab hold of your dreams and make them come true. For you are the key to unlocking your own magic. Now go, let your dreams guide you. Reach up and find your happily ever after. We live every day. Just look up every Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Where's dad? Okay, here we go. So, that was Happily Ever After amazing nightly fireworks show here at Magic Kingdom. Incredible show. If you enjoyed that and if you enjoyed the awesome view we had and um the uh mostly okay zooming that I did, then definitely be sure to subscribe if you're new right here on Resort TV1. It's free to subscribe and u we do these streams all the time. In fact, my sister Jenna, if you don't know her, she will be live, excuse me, she will be live on um Monday again and I'll be back Tuesday for Tranquil Tuesday. So, we have streams all the time. Join us. It is free and uh we bring you Disney a lot and uh it's a lot of fun to hang out. Not just Disney though, we have also have an awesome community and people get to know each other and they get to be friends on the stream virtually with people who also love Disney. So, it's great and I would encourage you to subscribe and get to be a part of things. And you can also turn on notifications so you get notified every time we go live or have a new video. So, definitely join us. A Jin Llin, I know it's so sad. So, I kept thinking when I said join us, I kept thinking shall you, but I'm not going to use Adam's phrase for sure. At least not on purpose, but I kept thinking it anyway. Oh, look. We got the nutcrackers back here. You're amazing at streaming happily ever after. Thank you. Oh, you're very welcome. I try and hold myself to a high standard on that one. I'm still working on the focus thing a little bit. Our infinity focus is nice because it does lock the focus, but it locks it at the wrong level. So, Ken and I got to work on that. He's in the process, I believe, of moving down here. So, once once he gets settled, we'll get back to work on it. But right now, when I lock the focus, it locks at the wrong spot. So, I I don't like to leave it there very long. Still can't believe I heard this song live. By the way, if you want to see that, there is a video of it on this channel. You can watch Happily Ever After sung live by the original artist Jordan Fischer and Angie K. So cool. Change by the way. Just look up and reach to the sky. Yeah. Generally, the easiest thing to get to right after uh fireworks is people mover. So, that's kind of why we do it. Yeah, thanks you moppers. Our moderators, we call them moppers. They keep the stream family friendly at all times. And that is super nice, too. Happily ever after. Okay. Ever thought of programming an icon lock button? I don't usually have trouble with that too much. So, I mean, yeah, that is possible, but we're we're generally good on that. I wish you could have a hot dog while riding TTA. I know, David. That is such a cool idea. I actually would definitely would definitely be all over that. You see like tray tables and stuff. You could totally like just have your meal while you're riding GTA. Main Street is a people move. Yeah, it is. It is indeed. We'll see what the wait times are. We'll see how many people leave. Seems like more people are staying than ever before. I mean, I get it. If you, you know, you pay to be here, you definitely, uh, want to stay most of the day, but a lot of people do leave after fireworks. So, we'll just kind of see how the wait times go as we after we get off People Mover. We'll see. I like to do People Mover first cuz we know it's going to be basically a walk-on right now. And then we end up um, looking at weight times. things start to stabilize as the crowd starts to go where they're going to go. Most people run to Toronto or Space Mountain. Let's see. We have a couple other sponsors to talk about. Um, we talked about David CBC Rentals. Let's also talk about Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified, both on Amazon. You can check out if you want to learn more about the history of Walt Disney World and how things were built. That's Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Just go to Amazon and search for either of those two things. Uh, there's even an um audio book for Disney Demystified. So, go check that out by author David Lumper. Hey, Jody. How are you? You did so fast. Oh, I'm glad you had fun in San Diego, Brendan. See, what else do we have? We have a Dream Table if you want to find out um you want to find reservations for all the hardest to find restaurants and things in Walt Disney. We'll definitely go check out Dreamtable on the app store. Just go search for it. dreamtable.co. Having a good night. Good. Yes. So, just go to Dreamtable um on the app store. Again, dreamtable.co is their website, but the app is just dreamtable. So, don't search for it with the co on the on the um app store. That won't work. But anyway, um they have a great service. They'll what what it does is it searches it constantly searches for reservations for you for whatever you choose, the date and time and all that, and then it actually is able to um notify you when those reservations are open. So, that's pretty cool. inside your car and please there for the game on Monday. I haven't seen as much IU stuff as I thought. We'll see. IU's been traveling for sure. Please stop the car. For your safety, maintain just one. Please step carefully onto the moving platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other Oh, greetings from Mexico. Hello. Younger beings. Stay clear of the doors which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. Remain seated at all times. This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around Tomorrowland. Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Ora 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see Tomorrowland. And my stars, is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to Monster Labs, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traers. Transfer to Green and Red Line. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future. right by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny borax. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except action stars. Those are the motors. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Rock. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. This is Starboard 75 or as locals call it space. Our high-speed rocket port to distant deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The four moons of Pisces 7. You H2 owe it to yourself today. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Paging Mr. tomorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson at the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep all clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol within our planetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so is the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hello. Exactly. Take the time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come full orbit. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're concluding, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. It's the day. See you in the future. Caution by stepping away from the car. Thank you. This is the GTA blue line non-stop service. Please keep arms, antenna, and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Inside your car. Please keep arms, antenny, and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the bar. Thank you. Thank you for watching. Thank you. All right, let's check some weight times. See what we got here. Well, Tiana's is low. Let's go do that. I don't mind getting a little wet. It's not that cold. What is it right now? 59. Yeah, it's not bad. Let's go do Tiana. All right. This ride come with beignets. I wish they should hand them out in the queue. That'd be messy, but hey, it'd be enjoyable. and we get across here before the um parade comes through, then we'll be fine. I don't know about the second parade. We'll see. I might catch it like on the end or something. I always enjoy the first one, though. Oh, somebody's got some smoking the wacky weed. Yikes. At the Magic Kingdom of all places. Interesting. Oh, found him. Wow, that's crazy. I hadn't seen that before. I was the best. Thanks, Canadian Disney family. You guys are awesome. And big thank you to everybody for watching. Uh let's um let's um thank let's thank our moderators for mopping. Really enjoy that. And then thank our hoppers for hopping. Thank our uh our YouTube channel members. Um thank our Patreon members. All you guys, you guys are you guys are great. It was definitely somebody smoking marijuana back there. Like 100%. Wasn't even like it wasn't even a question. Then I turned around and I was like I actually saw them. I was like well that is what it is. No, they don't allow vapes either. I'm pretty sure. Either way, sorry. I was just really shocked. I was like, what is this? Do I smell what I think I smell? Yes, I do. Yikes. All right. It's a different type of magical wheel. We don't need that. We don't need that here. All right. Jamie, are you US Open? Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure. I'm telling you. Yes. Oh, yeah. You I would I would assume you'd be banned if you got caught. I would I don't know the rules, but I would assume. So, hi. Hi. See, we're Me and my husband He lost it cuz I was trailing you from Oh, yeah. I was I was moving. I'm sorry. My husband TJ, we watch you guys all the time and we're big fans. We're from southern Indiana. So, we wanted to say hi and I was like, I'm going to catch him before he goes. You did. You caught me. We're where at? From southern Indiana. Jeffersonville. Okay. So, he just got a job with us, you know. He just moved back down here. Wow. 200. So, awesome. He went to Purdue. He's an engineer. Nice. So, he loves your dad. He's his favorite. That is so fun. Yeah. My dad worked for Purdue for years. Hold on, guys. Just a second. I'm going to pause. I'm going to mute it for just a second. No, you're all right. We're unmuting, guys. Sorry. I just wanted to tell them something that was not necessarily stream public. He We love your dad, though. And he's a big fan of your dad. Every time your dad comes out, he's like, "Oh, it's my Purdue guy." Oh, I love that. Your whole channel you guys for years. We really love it. And we moved down uh last month. We moved to Winter Garden. So, it's been a nice welcome back to Florida. So, we love it. Oh, yeah. Winter Garden's great. Can we take a picture of the child? Hi. That's Charlotte. That's our little one. Hi, Scarlet. Mommy, please do it. She's taking a picture with our friend. Okay, get in there. There we go. Here we go. Thank you so much. Send our love to your family and Jenna and Dale, too. We will. Thank you so much. You guys enjoy. Welcome to Florida. There we go. No, the sound is fine. I just muted it for a second because there was something based on something they said. I wanted to tell them something that's not necessarily something I share on the stream. So about 6:30. Anyh who, off we go. Yeah, sound is fine. I just I had muted it. If your sound is not fine, uh refresh, close, and reopen the video. It should fix itself. All right, let's check our weight times again. See if anything shifted as we were walking. Nope. Tiana's still 15. Haunt is still 30. Pirates is still five. Stars and stripes forever. We got to love it. So much more chill before the It's like 15 minutes before parade time or I guess it doesn't get here for a few minutes after, but there's so much room to watch the parade from here. So definitely definitely definitely watch the second parade if you don't want to wait around and then stand here. This is a wonderful pl. Look at this. Look at this. There's room for 100 people right here. Like almost. I don't know. Maybe. But seriously, maybe more. Point is, you don't have to wait hardly at all. It is so so chill down here for the second parade. I'm on boogie fast walk speed. Yeah. I don't know. I just I get excited and I'm ready to walk. It's good exercise, too. Man, I miss seeing the uh I miss seeing the Rivers of America over there. I know that the Rivers of America is is dirt now, but we'll see how it goes. I guess it'll be interesting as they start to build structures and our our friends with the helicopters, Bio Reconstruct and all those people. Uh, anybody who's able to photograph from the air, it'll be interesting as things start to take shape. Six or seven. Josh is on level 6.5 out of 10. Oh, I don't know. I don't know if I have that many more levels. We might be able to do haunted after this when everybody's laying up for the parade. usually goes down a little bit and we'll be on the correct side, too. We won't have to we won't have to cross the parade route to get to get there. We'll see. All right. I do need to switch connections. So, David said, "Well, we sprint walked backstage. It was level 12." I was pretty close to that level just now. I was I was pretty much was very close to my max walking speed. Uh I was probably eight out of 10 if 10 is my max walking speed. So, hard to tell on the stream though, too. All right. All right, I'll be right back. Heat. Heat. There we go. All right, we're back. The conucks. Oh, vest camera. I don't I don't know those as well, I guess. Not seeing those as much. And we should be getting our Thunder Mountain back here in a month or two. That'll be nice to have some life on this side of the park. There's just not a lot of life over here. I I don't know. I I Never mind. I don't want to I'm just kind of still dis depressed about the Rivers of America when I come over here. Sorry. I know I said it. That's going to be a whole discussion now. It's my fault. I did it. I did it. But either way, I don't know. Usually I'm pretty flexible with stuff. Sort of. But that that one, man, that this that one hit hard. Love this music. They say spring. Yeah. So, a couple more months then couple two, three, four. You sure? Definitely not six or seven. You may get wet. I love this Splash Mountain used to have a sign there just like that. There's your beignet right there, David. Just can't eat those. So, I was thinking there's a chance we were going to meet up and I didn't want to. Sorry, I'm g Yeah, Jennifer, it really isn't. Hi. Wow, we're walking on here. All right, there may be a little bit of lag going through here. We'll see. That AC is on. I don't know that we need that. I don't know that I'm going to do the front row today. I think I'm just going to take whatever row they give me. I don't know that I really really want it right in the face as much. All right. 15 minutes just arms and legs inside and supervis. Yeah, it's a good ride. It's It's a fun one. And see, again, I miss Splash, but this is a good ride. So, you know, I'm I'm okay with it. But yeah, with the rivers, it's just hard hard to see the reasoning. DJ says same thing. I know how I feel. Every time I walk by there, I get depressed. Yep. It's a thing. I'm telling you. I love it. I agree, Kathleen. Yeah, there could have been other spots. I'm glad there's still water in it, but we'll see. Now I should be able to turn up the turn the quality back up a little bit. I know. Really? Wow. I see Axeman likes Tiana or likes Splash better than Roa. I Yeah, I I don't personally, but everybody's different. Personally, I feel like this one's pretty good. But we all are different. Again, I like Splash. Nothing against it at all. I was I was um I would have been fine with it staying, but um this is like a pretty good rethe. The animatronics are really really good. The Tiana, you know, that's the thing that I really liked about it. They didn't just put um they didn't just put a bunch of screens in here. They really put a ton of animatronics. So, I feel like that part of it I I really like the story. Yeah, the story's a little weak, but it's a it's a cruise to find some musicians. Like, it's it's easy to understand. really cool. A little shrinking you down to go underground like with all the all the little tiny creatures. I like that. Yeah, I that's a great movie ride, too. And again, I you know, somebody said earlier, yeah, nothing lasts forever. It's so true. So, I just I guess Rivers of America, I'm glad they still have it at Disneyland, but man, right now it is 59 according to my watch. But we do still have strolls around Tomoy Island and all kinds of different things. I still have a ton of footage to release of that. I just kind of got sidetracked with other projects. So, rest assured I have several gigabytes of Tomoy Island footage. Oh, wow. That's crazy, Kathleen, about SeaWorld there. Yes, David remembers the maiden voyage. Yes, I I do too. Liam goes, "That was a tragedy." He didn't like getting wet. At least it was warm. One. One. I don't think I like both. I like throw rides and I like relaxing towards wild ride closing. Yeah. No, that was that was a rough one too. That was one as a kid was the first time a beloved ride had closed, you know, for me. I know others had closed, but that was for me the first one that really hit. That was the best. Did you like it, Liam? Nope. The nice thing here is I think my way also really stressful all the way down. Come on. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. What happened? Hey, they are Louis is up ahead. Let's join and find for our celebration. Ow. Caught in our musicians. Man, it's hard to find a plan in the dark. I'm going my way. Just doing what I do. Look out, boys. I'm coming through and I'm going to come here from everywhere, but I'm almost there. I want you to look in all these legends. You don't have far to go. Tell the people I'm told you so. Woo! Heat! Diana was y'all. This man she found can play. Hallelujah. No, we'll ask them to join the band. We'll dig up down service. Please cast your word. This is really we got to keep searching high and low. How long can I go? My mom's dying and I want more time to me and where are they going? Where is We have to find them. What's wrong? You said that one. I need another Bring the heat. You say it's time I get you back. But invite your friends. very bad. No, honestly. Okay. Is that in my mouth? You guys are wireless. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. No Oh yeah. I see you. Yeah, we had a little lag, but luckily in that little spot. You didn't miss anything. We got to see Mama Odie. So, and Juju. So, no problem. I didn't get too wet. There was a couple waves that come over the side that got me pretty good, but not bad. It's just that little corner back there that's really bad signal. Actually, usually stream it on AT&T, so that worked well in that one little spot. It was a perfect stream besides that. So, that's good. All right. Okay. Thank you. Okay, here we go. You're a liar. Yeah, looks worse than it is. I'm not too bad. My arm they can't see it now cuz it's gone. My arm got hit pretty good. Yeah, I got it on the arm pretty good. But not bad. Not bad overall. closer behind you. All right, let me turn this up just a little bit. There were several spots I have never seen before on any stream, so it was good. Nice. Nice. Nice. First time I've seen this ride. I think it's authentically authenticity is perfect. Maybe right maybe feel is right in the bayou. Has a sudden draw like Louise. Yeah, for sure. Sorry, I can't read. Thank you for streaming the ride. I only hope they fix some of the right elements. Yeah, for sure. Actually, they finally fixed the Mama OD projector at the end. That's been down for like I don't know 6 months or more. Congrats on 12 months of Resort Opera Platinum a year ago. We were down the premier lightning lane doing the premier lightning ring run. That was a fun night. Yeah, that's awesome. Thank you so much, Sorcerer Mickey. Yeah, that was super super fun doing some premier lightning lane. That was awesome. I digged it. I dug it. All right. All right, let's see what we got here with weight times. Well, Haunted's still showing 30. It is not letting up at all. Everybody wants their haunting. Nope, there's a That's funny. Peter Pan's down to 35, but Haunted is hanging at 30. It might not be. It might might just not be updated. So, we'll see. We'll head over that way and just see what happens. We might just watch might just watch uh Starlight from Liberty Square. We shall see. All right. Yeah. Thanks for joining me tonight, guys. I'm not done yet, but Uh probably in pretty close to right at 11:00 and get out of here pretty quick so I can get home and really get some rest tonight. I'm a little tired, but it's been a great night. I'm glad I came out and glad uh glad you guys joined me tonight. Trying to think if there's any other sponsors we need to cover. I think we got them. Uh we we talk about um oh um layer 1 technology. So if you want to Oh, wow. You can almost see from up here. So if you want to find um if you want to get some support for your smaller IT support for your small and mediumsiz business, definitely check out here. Let's go this way. Definitely check out Layer 1 Technology. It's support at layer onetone technology.com. Check them out. All right, let me switch my uh connection here real quick back to normal so we can save some battery. Not that we need it, but I need to unplug my battery anyway. But all right, be right back. Two seconds. And back. David says, "Allegedly, I have 1 gig fiber now." Hey, good for you. I love my fiber. Like I they they they tend to do maintenance a lot more than like I would think. But I do love my fiber. I don't understand the constant maintenance, but maybe it's cuz the company's growing so much. Maybe they just have to keep adding capacity. Uh it's a it's a company that covers several neighborhoods and they they basically just work with HOAs. So anyway, where's Chris? You can reach over the fence. Yeah, for sure. This is interesting here. I didn't I I had been down this way before very for a while. Uh it's uh just like totally dry. Wow. Well, there'll be water back in here eventually. I wonder when uh the cars land. Yep. Fiber to the modem. Yeah. And actually um our old house uh we had fiber at our old house and it was fiber to the uh and which was the little modem which was outside um like kind of in the garage and then we had Ethernet they they ran Ethernet or actually they ran coax but I think we eventually ran Ethernet. No, we ran Ethernet from the all the way up to the um to the router. But now um now they they actually ran fiber all the way there's a box out on the wall outside the house. They ran fiber all the way to the uh to my office which was awesome. Then we have Ethernet running up to the other side of the house so we can have we have two two hotspots or two access points. I love this intro. So magical. Might as well watch it, right? Yeah, we'll watch it. Why not? 77. Heat. Heat. Good evening. Welcome to this wonderful night. Did you know in my stories to this? They have the power to make the dream come true. As we roll through the stars and Green heat. Good evening, dear friends. Come on, kissed by starlight. My virtual starlight and all that is good. May each and every one of your dreams come true. Do as dreamers do and wish upon a star. I'm real. I'm a real boy. I'm a real boy. This for celebration father on this journey where anything is possible and you must cherish dreams come true. This is more than I could have ever dreamed of possible. In fact, the stars are so inspiring. My father always said that we're connected to the stars. And we are. From way up here, it's almost like we're part of the sky. Wait, what is happening? Star. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Nothing standing together and they're staring at me. The camera is getting brighter. The magic. The magic. It's made of starlight. You see, too. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. I guess we can do anything. Tonight is all about them. Hey, you scared me. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I can fly. You can fly. Thanks for the pixie dust cake. Oh, Peter, I can't believe we're above the rooftops. How wonderful. From up here, the street lamps look like stars. Payton, do you think all those people can hear us? Only one way to find out. Hello. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. It's a dream to be up in the stars. It's a wish. Oh my. Have you ever seen anything so wonderful? A magical starlight is all around us. Gosh, have you ever seen a star sparkle like this before? Oh, it's so magical. Come on everybody, wish our star. I wish that this night would never end. Oh boy. A train ride through the stars with all our friends. It's like we're on a sharing style. We'll stay and listen to the end and then we'll go do Haunted Mansion. Got to wait till this zone is done. Let's cross some Frontier Land, so we should be good here. Here we go. Heat. Heat. So so good. That speaker though, that but this uh bird house here is a really really good speaker. I hope I hope no birds live in there. They'd be I know there aren't there aren't actually any holes for birds, but I'm saying they would be deaf, but no. Wow, what a great outro there. That's so good. Yep. It's a very well-ritten show. I think if we, you know, if we keep comparing stuff to other stuff we had before, like we're going to continue to be disappointed, I think, because it's just hard to compare. Oh, we also look at stuff through rosecolored glass a little bit. Now granted, Spectre Magic was was incredible and one of the best shows Disney's ever done. And I think it'd be it's hard to capture, you know, Lightning in a Bottle twice or I don't what what's the thing? Like it's hard to it's hard to Man, it would be hard to hit that again. But they sure did a great job with that show. Yeah, the closing music. I don't know about Best Parade ever. I think some people might think so, and that's totally valid. Um I still say Spectro, but this one's very, very good. No doubt about it. It's It is a very very worthy successor. Uh Jared, hold on. Let me make sure I don't not run into a a chain here. Jared $4.99. Thank you for bringing the magic. You're very welcome, Jared. I will compare this ride this parade to cotton candy. And it's no comparison. Cotton candy wins. Interesting. David, you don't like it? I think it's really really good. Music is so so good. You can still hear it. It just gets stuck in your head. It's very classy. That's what I love about the whole thing. It's just sheer class, the whole thing. All right, we'll be right back. Love that little melodic flourish there. I may or may not have already downloaded the praise score on iTunes. Nice. All right, let me switch connections real quick. It took me a second. I was like, just pass passed you by momento my mory. Nice. We are learning to find hidden treasures that aren't usual stuff at the parks, too. Tried an amazing Italian restaurant and cool cocktail bar. Boardwalk. Nice. Dapper Canuck says it's mesmerizing. It really is. Oh, this isn't bad. We're not even going through the whole queue here. I mean, it's cotton candy that seldom loses to anything else. Oh, got it. Got it, David. Okay. No, it's really, really good. It's all good, guys. Bring it on, guys. Bring it on. No time to kill. No time to kill. Yep. It's just a classy parade, man. There isn't any other way about it. I can read it. You want to see a skeleton at the same time? But I can't. Don't mess this up. To rank the nighttime parades, including the special ticketed ones. Here's my order. OG, Once Upon a Christmas Time, Boo, Starlight, Pray and Princess, Ma MP, and 3P. Wait, what about Oh, Spectro. I say Spectro is first. Yeah, Spectro. Yeah. Yeah, that's a good ranking, David. My next party. There's also the Enchanted Adventures parade. Or was that the pirate princess party? All right. Oh, let me turn the I got to turn the bits down. I am your host, your ghost host. Our tour begins here in this gallery. Here you see paintings of some of our guests as they appeared in their corruptible mort. Kindly step all the way in, please, and make room for everyone. There's no turning back now. Please drag your bodies away from those walls and gather around the dead center. Your cadaavverous power betrays an aura of formula, almost as though you sense a disquing metamorphosis. Is this haunted room actually stretching or is it your imagination? And consider this dismaying observation. This chamber has no windows and no doors, which offers you this chilling challenge to find a way out. Of course, there's always my way. Oh, I didn't mean to fight you. Surely the real chills come later and we'll continue our left. All the way up. All the way out. All right. Well, here we go. Okay, this is annoying. We might try Peter Bar after this and I might just go. We'll see. This may be the last ride. Remember last week when I did this, it was definitely um less crowded in here. I think it was also cold. No, it was marathon. That's right. Everybody was getting ready for the marathon. It was warm, actually. So stay with us guys. Enjoy Haunted Mansion. I know it's bedtime for a lot of people. So got to go to bed. I get it. But we'll see you see you soon. We're no longer liking the heat of cookie. I don't mind it. I just it's sometimes messy to eat when you don't have a uh when you don't have a napkin handy. But it's not bad. I like it. I like the way it tastes. Which of your streams you go back and watch the most? I don't really watch just recent ones. I'll check spots and make sure everything looks good, but I'm trying to think. Um, probably the one that I've watched the most is the reopening stream when I tumbled over the bench. Nope, not that one. Not that one. the Collie River. Yeah. Oh, and the other one I watch sometimes is the the one where I tried to ride all the rides. That was a fun one, especially the last few minutes of that one. But yeah, the reopening the cast member preview stream. That was probably one of my favorites after co all your loved ones. Yeah, David, we got to do it for sure. My feet hurt afterwards, but it was fun. Oh, yeah. The the cast member preview of Haunted Mansion was awesome. Yes, David. We're We're going to conquer it. I think we need premium fast pass or premium lightning lane for it. But I think you can do it if you have premium lightning lane. The Beverly challenge. Oh, we did it. And it's still should be still up. I was looking through my old pics and videos of Ex's baby and found one of him watching a replay of one of your streams. Oh, that's fun. How fun. Yeah, we've done so many streams. What is it like? 1,600 and something now. And the one where we hit 100,000 was a good one. 200,000. That was a good one, too. But yeah, lots of good stuff. And now a cat approaches to take you into the boundless realm of the super remain safely seated in your children. According to my recap, I watched 500 of your videos. Wow, that's awesome. Thank you. All right. Do not cool down on the safety of our wings. I will lower it for you and heed this warning. The spirits will materialize only if you remain quietly seated at all times. Oh yes, and no flashes, please. Spirits are frightfully sensitive to bright lights. Our library is well stocked with priceless first editions only and marble busts of the greatest ghost writers the literary world has ever known. They have all retired here in the long mansion. Actually, we have 999 here, but there's room for a thousand. Any volunteers? If you should decide to join us, final arrangements may be made at the end of the group. Find unlivable here in this. Every room has wall to wall and running. This sound Somewhere beyond darks and ghoulies from last Halloween. Awaken the spirits with your tambourine. Creepies and crawlies, toads in a pond. Let there be music from regions beyond. Wizards and witches wherever you dwell. Playful spooks have interrupted our remain seated in your doom. But we will proceed in just a moment. That spiders tail of a rat. There you go. Call in the spirits wherever they're at. Rat quality. We have been unavoidably detained by Frank. Us a message. Kindly remain seated in your doom. Buggy. We will continue our doom in just from last Halloween. Awaken the spirits with your tambourine knees and cry. Yeah. So they definitely do seven for train when there's no weight. Let there be music from regions beyond. Wizard, I can try it. I don't know if I make it or not. Wherever you dwell. This ride stops a lot by ringing the bell. Serpents and spiders. Tail of a rat. The call in the spirit. Wrap on a table. It's time to respond. Send us a message from somewhere beyond. Goblins and ghoulies from last Halloween. Awaken the spirits with your tambourine. The happy horns have received sympathetic vibrations and are beginning to materialize. The assembling flame swing wers expecting me. I'll see you all later. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. There she was. Beware of you know. They have selected you to fill our corner and they'll haunt you until you return. Oh, of course. Playful spooks have interrupted our tour. Well, never mind. Please remain seated in your doom budget. We will proceed in just a moment. Yeah, that's all right. Next time. It's cool that I've never seen it. 37. Yeah, we have been unavoided. It's going to be tight already. And now we're just going to going to stop again. Seated in your tomb, Bucky. We will continue our tour in just a moment. Be sure to certificate if you decide to join. Make final arrangements. We've been dying here to help you. Be sure to bring your death certificate. If you decide to touch now, we will dying to have you in mind. Be sure to stay here for a long time. We've been dying to have playful spooks have interrupted our tour. Please remain seated in your doom body. We will proceed in just a moment. I don't think we're going to have time for Peter Pan at this point. We have been unavoidably detained by pranky spirits. Kindly remain seated in your doom, buggy. We will continue our tour in just a moment. I got to stop riding this ride right at the end. Foolish mortals, please remain seated to go in motion immediately. So loud dying to have you. Now I will raise the safety bar and a ghost will follow you home. Watch your step. Watch your step. Watch your step. Excuse me. We can try it. I guess we'll see. I don't think we'll make it. That was I don't I don't know why it stops for so long. I know they're letting people on and off sometimes, but man, it seems like a lot. It can't be It can't be that every time. It just seems like way more than what what would be normal. So, I don't know. Yeah, we may. No, it's too late. We'll see. We might get late. We might get lucky again, but I doubt it. Might just be time to go home. It was a sign. I think it's closed. It's 11. Oh my god. I love I love Yay! We made it. How nice. Two weeks in a row. I think I'm the last one. We had no way we would have made it to mine train. It was very nice of him to let us on. Again, didn't have to and it would have been totally fair if they didn't, but it was nice. I appreciate that. Kind of cool to walk through here by myself. Yeah, we had a lightning earlier today. Oh, wow. They let more people in. Surprising. That's pretty cool. But again, very nice. waiting for somebody. My wife. Okay. Yeah. Very great night. Well, right after this, we'll say good night. I hope you guys have enjoyed it. Japanese. Let me tell you how you do. Hold on. Come on. There's a decent number of people behind me. You wonder if they still sell the giant Pixie Sticks in Confectionary. I don't know. That's a good question. I really don't know. I don't remember seeing them, but that doesn't mean they're not there. It might be just that I didn't like notice. It's been a really great stream. I'm glad you guys are here. been kind of quiet for part of it just to kind of let you guys enjoy the ambiance a little bit. So, I hope you hope you uh do enjoy it. Oh, I remember. Yeah, I remember them. Deborra. No, I think they're just being nice, which is cool. You know, they know people are here at the end of the night. They want to get a one more ride in. They're they're willing to let them do it. So, that's cool. No, Mary. Not definitely not going to make it to the mine train. The park is now closed. So, uh and I wouldn't have either. I actually didn't even really make it to this ride technically on time. I mean, they just were nice to let us in a little bit behind. Sometimes they will let you in one or two minutes late, but it is totally up to the discretion of the cast member. I've also seen them like literally close it right out like you know right at the time. So it depends on who's there. The funny thing is too I noticed right at the last minute the uh mine train line went up to 20. So you very rarely see it at 7:00 because it's usually at least like yeah 20 or 30 at the end. Usually it ends the night at 30. Oh yeah, David, those that's a lot of sugar. One All right, let's go to Neverland. Sounds like a good idea. Oh, yeah. There's the last group. Cool. Hello. Enjoy your flight. Thank you. Off to Neverland and off we go. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Fire in your flame. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. there. Now I'm going to Help me. Help me. Excuse me. Help me. Help me. Help me. Please do not lift up on your safety bar. It will lift automatically. Then exit to the right on the wooden belt and watch your step. Please do not lift up on your safety bar. Then exit to the right. All right. So cool. Bye, Tik Tok. Good night. All right. Well, it's time to go home. It's been a great night and we are off to homeland. So, I hope you guys have enjoyed joining us for a bit of magic tonight. Yeah, the dark rides are the best. I agree. I agree 100%. All right. Yeah. Thanks for watching everybody. Thanks for staying late for us. Absolutely. It's hard to leave sometimes when there's so much more to do, but we're done now. And uh it's been glorious. Hey, James. Hey, Shaggy. Hey, everybody. Thank you for being here. Again, thank you moppers, our moderators, for keeping the stream familyfriendly all the time and keeping everybody informed. Thank you hoppers, that's everybody here for being here and for being part of the stream all the time, every time. We appreciate you guys a lot. And thank you to of course our um Patreon members for supporting us. We appreciate Patreon very very much. Thank you to our um our YouTube channel members. We appreciate you guys as well supporting us every month. It is very much appreciated. And thank you to our um well, thank you to our sponsors as well, everybody. We appreciate it. Thanks everybody. Yeah, thanks David. Thanks Denise. Thanks awesome Austin. Diana Noel. Love that music in there. You look down Main Street and you just see regular Main Street, which is pretty awesome. No, I'm okay. All right. Oh, always got to look back at the castle. It's going to be painted soon. Good. Very beautiful. All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, that as they say is a wrap. Again, check out all the awesome sponsors. links are in the description down below. Let's talk about our platinum members. These are people that support us with um $50 a month on YouTube memberships. We appreciate that very much. It's obviously not ever required or requested or anything. It's just a nice thing that people do if they're able to do and we do appreciate it very very much. But another way you can support us for free is just to watch all the videos. That's literally the best way to support us. Watch all the videos. So we have our platinum members Bayubo TX, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Stephanie Mertz, Go Mini, Dian 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer, Mickey, William Lley, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, The Amazing, Jayla, Moxy, Cicander, Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan J. Thanks everybody. But yeah, we'll see you next time. I'll be live tranquil Tuesday somewhere. We'll see. Maybe back to Epcot. Do some Festival of the Arts fun. We'll see. And Friday, Liam might be joining me because Steph's going to be with some friends and she she gets a friend night out. So Liam and I may get a dad um dad and son stream. So that'll be fun cuz uh Jenna won't be here Friday for um because that's Dale birthday. So that'll be it'll be good. I am going to send you guys over to the 247 channel. So stay tuned. Head on over there. Enjoy the 247 magic over there. It's a great place to go chat with everybody and watch some Disney magic. Yes, Martin Luther King Day on Monday. Thank you for dealing with the crowds and not perfect weather. Oh, for sure, Jen Lyn. Yeah, hasn't been too bad. Uh what is it right now? 57. So yeah, I mean, you know, I'm glad I I'm glad I brought my sweater, but it's a light sweater. Light little thing. So, but otherwise it's perfectly fine. But yeah, the crowds are, you know, the crowds are the crowds. So, thank you. But anyway, yeah, so we'll see you guys over on 24/7 channel and uh I'm going to go get my cookie and my Coke. Thanks, Sean, for uh sending a little a little something to help out with that. I appreciate it. And uh we'll see you on the next stream. And anytime you want, you can watch replays and get yourself caught up on all the things that we're doing. So, if you miss a stream, go back and watch a replay. A shout out to all the replay watchers. If you're watching and you got all the way this far to the end, shout out to you. You guys are the real MVPs. All the people watching right now late at night and all the people that are watching the replays all the way to the end. We love it. All right, everybody. I'm going to say good night and then jump into the bakery here. So, thank you for joining me. Uh thank you for all the kind words, all the support. um you know just for making us part of your day. We really appreciate it and we'll see you uh in the future very very soon. And uh so yeah, definitely uh I don't know, just uh have a good weekend. Enjoy time with your family and friends. If you're off on Monday, that's certainly nice. And uh so we hope that you get some fun time and get some rest. So all right guys, we will see you soon. I will see you on the 24/7 channel. All right, everybody. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. You feel nervous.
