---
video_id: 5Itdm90R--o
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Saturday Afternoon at Magic Kingdom - Walt Disney World Live Stream  2-21-26"
published: 2026-02-21
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Itdm90R--o
---
Okay. Good afternoon everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I'm live here at the Transportation and Ticket Center getting ready to head over to the Magic Kingdom on the Admiral Joe Fowler Ferryboat. So, welcome to the stream. We're glad you're here. If you're here on the replay, don't forget to hit the like, subscribe, all those things. And in fact, everybody can do that. Go ahead and hit the like, subscribe, follow us on all of your social media, all of our social media, all the social media. We are Resort TV1 on all of the things. So, here in just a minute, we're going to get on this beautiful ferry boat, head across gorgeous Seven Seas Lagoon here, and we will be right over there. So, I'm excited for a uh fun-filled afternoon at Magic Kingdom. I hope you are as well. We will be watching Festival of Fantasy Parade a little later, a little less than an hour from now, riding some rides and just enjoying the afternoon. Then we can see the band, see some of the piano players, obviously ride some rides, walk around. It's going to be a great day. So definitely stay tuned. They don't usually do afternoons, so it's nice to be able to do that sometimes. And sorry, I know I had said noon earlier, but I just had some things I needed to finish up at home. So I thought, well, 2:00 will still be in plenty of time for the parade, and it worked out well, and I got to rest a little bit, so that was nice. So I'm not staying for Starlight. Um, I'm just going to stay mostly in the afternoon till dinner time. So, we did the all day stream last week and did Starlight. We even did Starlight last night, which I love. But, uh, I think tonight I'm going to I'm going to just do the, um, afternoon and enjoy that part of the day. So, I think that'll be nice. Wait till everybody disembarks and then we will embark. got really really lucky on parking. Um was they were filling up the very last row in the second section and um they waved us to go forward and then uh I got up to the uh got up to the place where preferred parking starts. I was like, "Oh, I I can't go in there." And then all of a sudden, right as I was about to uh turn and it looked like there was no room where all the other cars were going and I saw a cast member was was kind of running up there to help us out cuz like we didn't know where to go and they just waved us into the preferred parking. So, uh we got I got to park in preferred which was nice for free. So, thanks Disney. It was like a magical moment. I definitely wouldn't have done it if the guy hadn't waved me up there but he was like I think they could see like by the time we got up to where they had told us to go there was no other parking up there and the only place we could go was preferred. So, I think it would just happened to where the the cars came in faster than they thought and we got a little lucky break. So, that was a little uh I don't know if you can call a parking space pixie dust, I'll I'll take it. I don't think I've ever got free Premiere before. So, that was fun. >> So, I didn't have to walk very far. You guys ever done that before? Get to the parking lot and they wave you up into Premiere. That's fun. >> I don't pay for it, of course, you know, usually because I don't mind walking. But hey, >> if they're going to be like, "Come on up." I will definitely come on up. >> You are more than welcome to just use those handrails for your safety. If you don't want to join us upstairs, that's totally okay. If you guys want to join us on the lower, >> go upstairs. It's a little bit less engine noise up there. All right. >> It's cool. I've ended up in that area during a MV NCP. Yeah. Magical Christmas party years ago. Nice short walk for sure. Yeah, sometimes they park you there during the um parties, the after hours parties and stuff, too, because they're just trying to clear out the rest of the lot. So, either way, always nice. I went to the game and charge student price. There you go. See those nice uh little bonuses you get sometimes. I lost I need to stream right now. I lost another pet last night. It's like a horror movie in my life. Oh my gosh, I am so sorry. That is uh always so hard. There's no really words to explain how hard that is. That is a something that I have definitely experienced a couple times, more than a couple times. And there we go. Sorry, was a little bit of a glitch in the matrix there. But yes, I I definitely have experienced that. And it is always hard. Thanks, Sue. I'm so sorry. You deserve the parking. Well, I don't know about that, but I was happy to be gifted it. Can I pray the ride for your 24hour channel? I am working on that right now. I'm just I want to have a um I've got about 30 rides that I have now edited into separate little videos. I had to take off all of the hi, this is Josh and have a great big and all that stuff because it just it seems weird if you're just watching it 24 hours. You're not going to want to hear that over and over again. I certainly wouldn't want to. It's one thing on an individual video, but now I kind of kick myself for doing those intros and not just recording the videos plain. So, anytime I record a ride through now, I'm just recording it with no narration. And if I want to add it later, I always can add it later. But I've learned through my time doing YouTube that having clean source video is better. Then you can just use it for whatever you want. Nice on the parking bonus. Yeah, I thought so. Yeah, it's truly the worst. I know. I know. >> Nothing anybody can say that can help either, >> but we're here for you. At least to distract you. That's about all we can do. But we will we will do that to the best of our ability. >> Hey, Adventure Le. >> Classy Disney mom. >> Oh, Tiger Delo, you like to park further back. You're like uh like uh Chvy Chase on uh or Clark Griswald on uh Christmas vac or family vacation where they uh he parks in the very back and they're all like um the lot's empty like what are you doing? And then they realize of course the place is closed. When you plan to do another red I don't know. We'll see. >> Hey Rob. >> I know right bud. Fabulous looking afternoon. What's the temp? Uh 87. It is super super super warm here. He did like a little water donut. I love that. Those things are pretty fast. Little Sun Trackers. He's got that thing maxed out. I didn't know they could Didn't know they could cruise like that. This thing's pretty fast. It's a beautiful day in Central Florida. >> First one's here. That's right, Leslie. Yeah. only once here. >> It's like, wait a minute. >> Yeah. Know, somebody asked what which pets I've lost. I mean, we lost our our dog, you know, our first dog when I was younger and then our second one. I mean, you know, it's just that it it's it happens, right? They don't they don't live as long as we do. Um, even though we would we would love that if they did. Um, and then uh And then we have um >> and then we had our cat passed away in 2017 2018 I think it was uh 17 and then uh our dog passed away in 2022 and he we'd had him for 15 years. The cat was 17. So those were t those were tough. Uh the dog was hard hard because I found him. So the cat we decided to uh to uh you know put to sleep because she was not able to walk anymore and was uh one day we found her not to pull the stream down but one day we found her almost like she'd felt she'd tried to get a drink of water and had fallen the water bowl was off the ground because it helped her not to like it had a little like a 3-in rise on it and she'd kind of fallen into the water bowl and couldn't get back out and like literally maybe would have like drowned in the water bowl and we're like okay this is not not had a good uh life. So, we talked to the vet and they're like, "Yeah, she's, you know, pretty close." And so, anyway, it was the humane thing to do. >> Everyone, our last, >> but yeah. Anyway, losing a pet's never easy, but we love you guys and we're here for you. >> Go to Magic Kingdom. >> All right, let's go. Happy thoughts. Here we go. >> But before we cast off, there is a few safety reminders, please. No sitting or standing on the stairs. There is no smoking or vaping on the vessels. Not very six, seven of you. and no off. Did she just 67 us? >> Once again, we're going to head out to the Magic Kingdom. So, sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride. >> Oh, yes, Michael. That is so true. Yes. Such a great a great advice. It's it's it's hard, >> but it is something you can do. >> Can't be ready. >> And the waves come. You know, when you're when you're grieving something, the waves come and sometimes it is a little easier to think about a funny moment or a fun memory. All right, here we go. >> I was actually going to take the Montreal and it probably would have been faster, but it's such a beautiful day. I just couldn't turn down the um All right, you got two games up and you're clear out. >> Two game ways up. Clear off your hot DVD. >> Anyway, >> got a ferry boat and a Montreal on that shot. just on our way across the seven seat which stairs remain clear while the boat is in motion. Once again, welcome aboard. Yeah. Thank you. I'm so happy. Keep it up. Yeah. and they always tell me the bottom. All right. >> We are now approaching our destination and we'll be docking momentarily. For your safety, please stay where you are until we are safely done and the captain is given the all clear. Because this is a free floating vessel, we do have a tendency to bounce around a bit during docking. If you are standing or sitting on the stairs, we ask that you please clear the stairway. Everyone else, please remain where you are until we've completed our docking. Once again, please clear the stairways. You'll be given an all clear when it is safe to travel the stairs and go ashore. foreign. What is that? dessert. I like it. So, we'll just I like feel like a lot. At this time we have given the all clear to go ashore. Please gather all your personal belongings, take small children by the hand, and watch your step as you disembark. Those on the upper deck, please use the handrails when descending to the lower deck. On behalf of the crew, thank you for sailing with us. >> Yes, thank you so much for sailing with us here on the Admiral Joe. Please use caution as you exit the boat across the family. We'll be on a magical evening here at the Magic Kingdom. Magic Kingdom will be open until 11:00 p.m. this evening with Happily Ever After High in the Sky of Cinderella's Castle beginning at 9:00 p.m. We also have the new Starlight Treat the Night Away parade beginning at 7:00 p.m. 7:45 and 10 p.m. respectively. One down on Main Street and then the other down over in Frontier Land. Going to be very warm afternoon. Wow, that was awesome. Definitely a separate video there. They had that. Yeah, people were saying it was the BRB music. It really was. And they were they were uh they were using it. It's actually So, if you're wondering, um it's actually the castle um background music from the inside the inside the Cinderella Castle. >> You're going to carry on. >> So, that is where that comes from. So you go along way too much. >> I'm glad. >> That was really neat to have that song playing while we were while we were coming in. >> It's pretty awesome. >> So, welcome in everybody. I know I didn't announce the time very well, but thanks for finding us. And that's why it's always good to have us followed or follow us, I should say, on a a better way to say it, on social media because then you never miss anything. You're always going to be here when it happens. Hey, Pixieus. Yep. Back for some afternoon magic. Yeah, and like I said before, it's about 87° right now. Very, very warm. Not complaining. Apparently, we are going to get a cold front next week, which will not make it as cold here as it is up north, but it will significantly decrease. Probably it will probably This is what jars us so much here. Not that it gets us cold, but that it drops so much. It's such a change from this that's actually like you feel like you want to go stand in the shade kind of thing to um actually needing a jacket and being a little cold uh when it's in the 30s. Uh so we're supposed to drop into the 30s next week in the mornings and it'll be 50° difference from right now. So up north it seems to change a little more gradually, but for here it's different because you get these >> seab breezes and uh the seab breeze tends to blow the ocean air onto the >> onto the mainland and the water is warmer than the air when it's 39°. So once that cold front stops blowing, it warms up pretty quickly. Just got to find a Let's see. Find one that's not as busy. This isn't too bad. Yeah, I heard a lot of people are getting a bunch of snow. I'm sorry about that. I I know in in late February that's not what you want to that's not the news you want to hear. So, I totally understand. Did you guys already? Happy birthday. >> Thank you. >> Have a good one. >> Thank you. Look at that beautiful blue sky. Gorgeous weather. So awesome. >> Sometimes it's fun just to see the contrast between the uh buildings and the the beautiful blue sky. It's actually more lime than what you might think. >> A lot of times this time of day, it kind of like it kind of calms down a little bit. So, it's kind of a kind of crazy that it has lined or it's stayed lined up as much as it has. >> So, anyway, the little birds dancing. I love that so much. All right, let's go inside. >> Wish I could jump through the screen like Mary Poppins. I know. I wish you could, too. >> Although Disney might get mad at me for all the uh >> Oh, wow. That was loud. Disney might get mad at me for all the uh non-paying guests. Not might. They definitely would. Like, you got to turn that off. We can't have people coming in without paying. No, actually, most of you most of you would, but not most all of you would probably be happy to pay if you could just jump through the screen and jump back, right? It's the traveling that's the problem. Be a great reason to buy an annual pass, wouldn't it? So, we could just teleport. Right. But then at that point it would be be not much. >> You could put parks anywhere. >> It was always the thing I saw on like um like Star Trek and stuff when they did the teleportation and I'm like that will never be a thing. Like like you know basically just molecular molecularly that's hard. Molecularly deconstructing. I I had the word in my head and then my my mouth wouldn't say it. Deconstructing somebody and then like reconstructing them somewhere else is definitely uh one of the harder science fiction things. >> Yeah. David, are you guys getting the you guys getting the snow already? Got Lady in the here. I was here last night for the uh Starlight Parade. I want to look at some uh wait times maybe. And oh, it's funny. There's a cloud over the castle right now. So, it's like dark compared to the rest of the uh the area. I don't see huge changes to the castle, but maybe it's in the back. Always good to time that out perfectly. You'll be there tonight. So cool. Just 294 days sliding there. Hey, that's less than a year. That is cool. Got Roy and Minnie looking uh relaxed and a little lonely. No, just kidding. There's the dedication. Okay. >> So, usually they have to move these guys over here by the restrooms and by city hall during the uh >> Christmas season whenever the tree is in that particular location. >> Oh, of course. Yeah. >> So, the dedication was what Roy said on opening day, or at least the dedication day. I think there was like a soft opening. I want to say there was a type of soft opening. Flowers look nice, don't they? Just kind of taking my time. It's nice because this entry area is so much more relaxed sometimes >> during the middle part of the day because most people are in the park riding rides or leaving one of the two. So, that's kind of fun. All right, let me check some weight times here. 225 days. Nice. We definitely need to ride the train at some point, too. Is it? If it was here, I'd just run up there and do it. I don't think it is. No, it's not. >> Yeah, some of the plants are reviving. Some of them uh unfortunately will not be rejoining us. So uh they'll have to replant those. It'll be a a plant replacement palooa around here in central Florida. All right. Well, let's head let's head down Main Street here. Hopefully the quality looks good. I turned it up all the way. people waiting for the parade here. It's a pretty good spot, although you will have to wait a little bit because uh the parade doesn't start until 3:00 and it starts in Frontier Land. So, it is a really good spot, but it also means a long, long time waiting in the sun. So, what are we here now? >> Hello everyone. The Magic Kingdom and Disney Imagination Campus are proud to present from Coriopouloolis, Pennsylvania, the Moon Area High School Marching Band. Please welcome the Moon Area High School Marching Band. >> Come over here and check them out. See if we can go down here and check them out. I don't know where they are. >> Find a clear spot here in just a second. >> Here they come up. Sorry. All right, let's go right here so we can see them maybe. >> I don't see any bands coming. Oh, we'll keep going a little bit then. Now, see, this is a wide open parade spot because it's in the sun. Always the last parade. >> Hello, everyone. The Magic Kingdom and Disney Imagination Campus are proud to present from Coriopouloolis, Pennsylvania, the Moon Area High School Marching Band. Please welcome the Moon Area High School Marching Band. >> Hello there. Sweet. These guys are from the moon. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. There's that roll off. You know when you hear that if you're a band member, it's time to play. Isn't that pretty good? >> I would encourage my band director friends to smile in a Disney parade a little bit, but hey, that's the only note that I had. I always love parades cuz I was always the one smiling and waving and whatever cuz you know during a parade your job as a band director is just to basically make sure nobody gets hurt. The kids already know what to do, right? So, and also if anything weird happens like you know controlling stopping and starting and oh the parade stopped. All right, let's all let's all relax for a second. We don't have to stand at detention for 20 minutes at the parade. That's the band director's job during a parade. Also to smile and wave and shake hands and uh not kiss babies. That's not a thing anymore. But at least smile and wave and shake hands, man down. Balloon down. Anyway, all right. Well, let's head down and ride some stuff. >> I mean, it's hot, don't get me wrong, but hey, you kind of like you kind of prepare for this, right? You're like ready for it. you you uh keep yourself, you know, hydrated and you keep yourself cooled down the whole day and then you finally you jump out and and do the thing. We had a couple local hometown parades that really kind of like made strange uh stops and things and so we had to uh we had to like >> we had to uh keep the kids, you know, from passing out. that we had to let them, you know, obviously we have water bottles. Parents would be like the bottle water bottle brigade and we'd we'd run around the band and get them going. And then we'd we'd uh we'd also um >> we have you know parents walking around to check on people and see if there's any problems. So yeah, it was uh it was serious business for sure. All right. Well, we're going to I think we're going to head Let me check the weight times for a second. I think we're going to head to the uh let's see. Hold on just a second. Check some weight times. I think we're going to head to the people mover. Maybe. We'll see. Actually, we may want to just go ahead to parade. Let's go ahead to parade. Do people mover after. I took my time coming in. So, we'll we'll do uh we'll do parade now. Go find a parade spot. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> I wonder if we can not follow. They had us up on the sidewalks, but I wonder if we can or maybe they're coming back. >> Are they coming back? >> Sometimes they do the bands around the hub and make them come back. That certainly is a thing. Well, we'll see where we end up. Yeah, let's go find a parade spot. Sorry, I'm a little random today. Oh, they're still playing. Yeah. Nice. Hold on. Look at those yellow flowers. Here they come. Sweet. You get to see him twice. >> Have to be a walking shot here. >> Hold on. >> There we go. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah, that's a good that's a good parade tune. You don't Let me see if I can get out in the street now. You don't actually want your parade tune to be that long. So, that's a good that's a good length of parade tune. >> You want to come with me? >> Cuz then you can play it more times and the kids don't get as tired. So, that's a it's a very smart choice. >> All right, let's go find a spot. It's >> a good cadence. Come on, Cadence. Sounds good. Let's go this way. Going to go towards Frontier Land like we usually do. We'll see if there's anything available. go see the parade again. >> Sorry if I didn't read any chat. I was trying to weave my way through the crowd >> and see the parade again or the band at least again. >> All right, that actually works really well. That's a really smart thing that they did there, having the band march uh up and back because then they don't have to worry about the clash between um the parade floats because I'm sure the parade floats are all lined up at Frontier Land Gate and so they don't want to have to uh take the shortcut here. They don't want to have to uh have the band members clashing with the parade floats. Hey, Dapper Canuck. Hey, Christopher. Sounds like the band was Josh. Awesome. Yeah. Oh, they did a good job. Oh, by the way, I've got my uh Yeah, I actually broke broke out the hats again. I got my dinosaur hat on. I don't know if you guys can see that or not, but uh I uh it's like, okay, it's going to be warm. Sun's going to be out. I'm be watching a parade. I need a hat. And so, I've got my Now, maybe you can see. I've got my dinosaur hat on. Coke shirt, dinosaur hat. The perfect Disney combo. There's the dam. >> No. Um, we have not performed at Disney just because it's harder for local groups to do it. You can. It's kind of cost prohibited because then you end up a lot of times they want you to, not always, but a lot of times they want you to stay in a hotel. Um, which, you know, it's hard for parents to justify that when we live minutes from the uh from the place and my current school doesn't have a marching band. Um but uh just because of the smaller size of the program. It's harder to do marching band when you've got smaller numbers. We could probably do it now because we've grown, but it's something we haven't done and so it would be hard to integrate it now. But uh anyway, and then when I was at Hane City, it was a really really big band. Uh we did look into it and we actually sent in an audition tape and got approved to go because the, you know, the band sounded good. like that wasn't the problem, but it was just then, you know, figuring out how much it was going to cost to do it. And uh we decided to use that money for other things. Equipment. It's hard to It's hard to use your equipment budget on a trip sometimes. And we talked to the kids about it and the kids thought the same way. The kids were like, "No, I'd rather have new, you know, we'd rather have better instruments, new instruments, stuff." I mean, they're the thing about one thing a lot of people don't get about dealing with teenagers and dealing with students and and, you know, parents and everybody. If you just explain the situation, most of the time students and parents are going to come to the right conclusion and then you know they feel like they had to say some buy in is important like hey rather than me just saying no we're not going and then they're like oh come on like you know it's that kind of thing and you're like okay well here's the situation and uh here's what happens and here's how much it would cost and here's what it would mean if we did that instead of getting the new equipment and they're always like no we should totally get the equipment. Hey, Jack. >> How's it going, Jack? >> Hey there. You and Josh, how you doing? >> Yeah, good. Just enjoying the unseasonably warm day. >> Yes, sir. >> We're doing it as well. >> Have a good one. >> But yeah, so getting that buy in is really, really important. And uh and then you know and then it's not like you know it's not like I was the bad guy in that situation. I was just telling them hey here's how here's how it is and here's what we could do and here's what we could not do. So yeah anyway all right got to get some water. Yeah, Disney does have to make some money in it. 120 kids in a hotel. Yep. Tech Talk. Just learned that Wi-Fi is way faster than Ethernet for a smart TV. Really? It depends, I guess. So, here's the difference. Tech Talk quickly. Um, Wi-Fi can be faster in some circumstances. Ethernet's usually preferred in some ways, not usually for smart TVs because usually they don't need that much like bandwidth. uh mostly for smart TVs it's convenience and placement but Ethernet is generally favored in like uh operations that have to be stable and so um you want your Ethernet because you know it's not going to randomly cut out Wi-Fi sometimes there's interference and it cuts out Ethernet unless the unless the wire fails or the the Ethernet adapter fails you're you're good. So yeah anyway so yeah generally Ethernet's the choice but yeah I could see for a smart TV how it might not be. All right. >> I can't see the chat at all. >> What's warm? What's the strange word? I know, right? Port is 10100. Yeah. So then, oh, definitely if the port's 10100, then you're going to get faster Wi-Fi. That's an important uh piece of information there. If the port was gigabit, then you would probably get faster speed on the Wi-Fi. Oh, look. You can see the Haunted Mansion uh wrap there. Hi, how are you? >> Warm days. >> Yes, I just got here and I'm already warm and I'm like, this is a good parade spot, but I can see why nobody's standing there. >> We just went on piano and that cooled us off. >> That's a good plan. That's a very good plan. >> By herself, not with your sister, huh? Yeah, she's still on a cruise. >> That gets in tomorrow. >> So, so it's just me today, but uh >> yeah, and then apparently next week we're going to drop into the 30s again. I was telling people, not that it gets as cold as up north, but the the temperature whiplash can definitely get you after a while. You're like, >> get that, too, though. >> Do you get that? Yeah. >> From Minnesota from Yeah. >> It's It's like it'll drop 50° in a week or something. It's like, oh, >> we'll do that in a couple days. >> In a couple days. Yeah. >> Yeah. It's 50. You know, 50s aren't too bad when you're here. No, no, no. I Yeah. I actually when I was up in uh New Jersey um and it was minus 19 windchill or something and one was the air temperature and I got back here and we got here and it was like 35 and I like this isn't too bad. It only took me two days to get used to it. >> You get accustomed to me either way. >> Yeah, exactly. And that's what people ask. How do you deal with the heat? And you you do kind of get used to it. >> Heat is a little bit more dangerous in some ways because you have to like really watch. You could get overheated much more quickly I think than the cold. Like you don't notice sometimes how how hot you're getting and you're like, "Oh, I'm about to pass out now." >> It's cold. >> Yeah, that's true. That's true. Yeah. In in the hot it's a you're pretty much stuck. Well, that's awesome. Well, you guys having a good trip? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Well, that's cool. >> Well, you're seeing the whole gamut of uh nice weather in the 70s and now up into the 80s then. >> So, you guys want to say >> that's next weekend, too? >> Oh, okay. Nice. You guys want to say hi on the live stream? >> I'm fine. We'll find our voices later. >> Okay. >> Nice meeting you. >> Nice to meet you as well. You guys have a good day. Oh, my pleasure. Stay cool. >> It is 12. No, 14 minutes. Sorry. 14 minutes. Okay. I get my water out. >> Speaking of staying hydrated. >> Hey, Bryce. Yeah, there's very little shade. And of course, the shade is all full full full. So, that's all right. Oopsie. I'm sorry I can't read the chat very well. Let me pick up I can't see the screen. Let me pick up my other phone and see if I can read it. >> But I do appreciate you guys on the right. >> Here we go. literally looks like, bro, I literally >> Actually, let me just go down here real quick. There's plenty of room there. Let me just go down here and see what else is open just for funies. Hold on. We have a really, really generous super chat from Sapphire Sooner. Sapphire and Sooner. $20. Treat yourself to some food. The Columbia Harbor House is my favorite. I love the Columbia Harbor House. Let me go. That's awesome. I might do that after the stream. >> We'll check that out. But let's go down here and just see what else is available. Thank you so much, Sapphire, sooner. I certainly appreciate that very, very much. >> Well, I I don't know. Uh Yeah, it looks like it's all pretty full over there. People are smart sometimes. >> Yeah, but thank you for the super chat. I don't know. >> Is this wheelchair? No. I guess I could be here and not have to wait as long. >> I don't know. Is this a better spot? >> Might be. >> Yeah, we'll see it. We'll see it quicker. Let's do that. Less waiting. Okay. See why you can't stand up in the shade there? But that's too close to the parade drop. Oh, here we go. >> Magic Kingdom. In just a few minutes, we will proudly present an enchanting celebration in the streets, our Disney Festival of Fantasy Parade. And now, please welcome our honorary grand marshals celebrating family, Melissa and Antia from Bluefield, West Virginia. >> Other side of the reps, guys. We do have our grand marshal coming in. guys. Yeah. Perfect. >> You're getting married. I don't know. You put the room up higher in front. All right, we have 8 minutes and it'll come right out there and we'll get out of the sun faster and that'll be good. You can fly. You can fly. >> We got Tiana's up here. People getting cooled off. I'm sure that's popular today. >> I'll get a couple things. >> Oh, the Grand Marshall would be fun for sure. I still think it's >> really cool how they have their the hidden Mickeys and the tires on the car. Yep. It really is. >> No, you're good. You think you're getting pretty good? >> Good. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah, we're good. Everybody's good. >> Thank you. >> Yeah. Don't forget to subscribe if you're new. Enjoy. >> You want my hat? >> I hear weight times for you guys. Uh Tiana's 60. I'm surprised it's not more actually, but Pirates 35. All the air conditioning stuff of course. Uh mine train's down. Mermaid's 30. Tron 65. Space Mountain 55. At least to be inside. People's 15. That's the move. I think that's the move next for sure. The train is 20. >> You want me to me to put the shade over it? >> This is why I have the S24. Hopefully, it it does good heat management like I know it's capable of. Got a super chat from MLP Maverick. $10. Enjoy a snack. Wish I was there. Thank you so much. >> Really appreciate that super chat. MLP Maverick, you're the best. Thank you. Love it. Yeah. Tiana's behind Oh my gosh, it's so good. >> 87. Wow. >> Yep, that's what it is. 5 minutes. I should have the announcement here pretty soon. >> Yes, it does have good microphones. That is true. Loving the all day stream. I know, right? Well, don't go anywhere. We got parade time coming up. - 25. Oh my goodness. No bueno. That Celsius or Fahrenheit? >> It's cold either way. Like that. >> I'm just curious. Probably I mean, you're in Canada, right? So, probably uh probably Celsius. It's so funny. I remember back in uh elementary school, our teachers talked about how a lot of the scientists wanted to switch to the metric system and and a lot of the other countries that used English had switched, but we never we never switched here. And I thought, you know, I could probably we could probably actually do it. like I don't think it would be that bad but um it just take a little practice but I think the worst part would be converting all the signs. I think that's the biggest thing Celsius. Yeah, the worst thing would be converting all this, you know, it's just too much stuff now. I think the more commercialized our society got the harder it was to switch probably just cuz of all the devices that are Fahrenheit first and also all the signs that are in miles instead of kilometers. 1,700 people in the chat watching the or about to watch the parade. >> 3 minutes for the festival. Good. Can't get over how crowded it is. Yeah, it's pretty, >> you know, it's Saturday. Usually crowded on Saturday. >> Hello Friday today. So the only thing you need to remember for the festival fancy parade, make sure you're not touching with the rope. And also if you're ex after the parade is done, you're going around the ropes and stansions. Please not go on the road from here because it's so 15 or 20 minutes. So yeah, that's pretty much it. >> You guys have any questions? >> No questions. The music change folks have a great day. two minutes. >> You're going to hear the fan fair here in just a minute. Of course, I'll be quiet during the parade. Oh, wow. Very, very generous PayPal here um from Al $75 from Al. Hey Josh, thanks for the magic. It was my pleasure to meet you and Jenna the day after Thanksgiving at the beach club. Sure. You've been asked a million times. Please share the ID Resort TV1 where you in WW and thought I can stream this. Thank you. Yes, I'll do that right after the parade. Thank you so much, Al. I appreciate that so much. $75. Very generous. I'll do that right after the parade. Remind me. I just wanted to acknowledge it though because I want to make sure you knew that I got it. Thank you so much. All right, here we go. on the left. >> Where's the lid? >> Are you here? No, it's okay. >> Can I do this? I'm sorry. Thank you. Thank you very much. A magical celebration in the streets. Dreams will come true. Hearts will become magic for the dream and prepare to welcome the wondous and wonderful Disney. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Peter's taking off. Heat. Heat. yellow. I didn't think so. I am heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Let's go. I got a dream. I wish as I see the freaking favor. You can kill me with the like everybody else. I've got a dream. Can't you see me with that special growing down the street? No, I'm disgusting. Cuz right now Heat. Heat. You got your us celebration. Yeah. See? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Wow. 24 years. Heat. Heat. Wow. Wow. Fire. Fire. Nobody. That's nobody else. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh wow. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You are seeest. Happy. Oh boy. Oh boy. I know that's celebration ever. I like Never told I don't know. Don't pull in the rope. Oh my god. This is my last ever. Oh my god. Woo! What a great parade. That was awesome. >> All right. All right. So, where shall we go? Let's see. We shall probably go to the zoover. Let's see. We probably need to go. Let's Let's just go down to this little cut through here. Breezeway. >> I can't believe how warm it is right now. It's crazy. Closeup would make a great thumbnail. It really would. I have to go back through and screenshot it. I should have got my phone out. Always a still a still shot is always better than a video shot, but for a thumbnail, but thumbnails are not that big in size, so you can kind of get away with it because you're not you're not framing it as a poster, so it kind of works. All right. Anyway, I am glad you enjoyed that. I certainly did. We're going to wait for a second. Chance to go this way. All right, we did it. And now it's time for a drink of water. Woo! Give me a second. I'm not going to reach out for a second. I got pretty warm doing that. Where are we going? How's that? >> No. No. Um I movement on Big Thunder. Sure. I'm sure they're doing stuff like, you know, to it on a regular basis. I haven't really watched it that closely, but yeah, there's been no announcement for sure. Nothing official has happened. So, nothing official has been announced, but yeah, we're waiting. We're waiting. I'm excited to see what they, you know, the the new scene and everything. I can't wait. Plus, it's all new track. So, you know, the most major reverb Thunder has had since it opened. So, pretty cool. Now, somebody remind me, did did Big Thunder open when Magic Kingdom opened in ' 71, or was it a year or two later? And it was pretty close to the beginning, but I don't know if it was like exactly on opening day or not. It's the only part that I was unsure of. All right. So, here we go. >> Oh, yeah. It opened later. I remember it. No sweat Sunday. Yeah, except it's Saturday. Other than that, yes. What are you doing, Stream Find? You're trying to You're trying to shorten our weekend. I'm just kidding. Just kidding. Oh, I guess we're going to get to watch it again. >> One of my favorite shots is this one that's about to happen and I'm not running to get it is um I could have gone around the backside, but that's okay. One of my favorite shots is uh Melissa breathing fire in front of the castle. So, here's a little here's a little known secret, too. You can get a pretty good spot to watch the parade here in this area. The parade doesn't go through here. So, it's more wide open because not everybody's crowded right up to the rope here. Oh, 1980. Okay. They found her in 1980. How cool. I did not know that. We missed it. Um, listen. Will breathe fire right in front of the castle, but we were a little late. It should she should do it again here in just a second. We'll get a good shot. out. Wow. Thank you. I don't know. Sometimes when she's turning a corner, she won't do it because it's not as safe when you're turning obviously for if the if the fire blows or something. Here comes Manny and Mickey. Heat. Heat. Hey, Drew. Heat. Heat. You can see you see you see Heat. Heat. That's good. This is my last celebration. You got it. Heat. Heat. Let's go down to um Tomorrow Land. I remember um thinking about this when I was younger. You know, random random intrusive thoughts like this a space balls kind of a thing. When does tomorrow land become today land in some ways it has make sure I'm zoomed out all the way. Kept zooming in to see our our friends on the floats. Yeah. When does Tomorrowland become today land? >> Yeah, the sun is >> doing its thing today. >> The sun is definitely sunny. >> A paint update. Yes, I will. I need to cool off for a second, but yes, I will. It looks from a quick glance, it looks like not much has changed. But we definitely will look at that for sure. Maybe it's hard to see unless you get really close. The front is still mostly pink on the top from what I can tell. Yeah. Let's go do a little People Mover and get a little People Mover chill going. Look, shade. I found it. That's right. When will them be now? Or when does Tomorrowland become Frontier Land? There you go. These are the questions we need the answers to. >> We must know. >> Should I answer that? >> Okay. Okay. You don't have to do this. even the water in my water bottle is warm. >> Okay. But that's actually from what I understand that's better for you because then your body not not hot water but like you know just room temperature because then your body doesn't have to warm it up. Buzz that you're supposed to open sometime this spring. No uh no official >> no official date just like um Big Thunder. >> Mary says, "Last time I was at Magic Kingdom, I didn't get to ride people. My trip felt incomplete." I get that for sure. This is right inside. position. Absolutely. Absolutely. Room temperature is gently on your vocal cords. Yep. That too. that too. Obviously, cold water feels good, but also uh you know, helpful when you have a sore throat, stuff like that, just for pain relief. But yeah, overall the room temperature is better. Let's go back in the shade. >> Okay. temperature is pretty warm today. It is now 80. Yeah, still 87. So, we have crossed over from warm into hot. Uh but there feels like Oh, 88 now. Sorry. 88 feels like 90. >> Oh, thank you. Appreciate that. That's so cool. Where you guys from? >> Westchester, Pennsylvania. >> Okay, nice. >> Going to get 18 in of snow. >> I heard that's those I always hated those late February and March snowstorms. When I lived in Indiana, we woke up one spring break, first morning, and it was like, "Oh, there's snow on the car. It's spring break. That's not supposed to happen." But yeah, no, it it does. They can happen up there as long as I'm here, >> right? >> Yeah, we're we're still pretty rare on that. Um, you know, last year Pensacola got 10 inches, which was crazy. >> We noticed a lot of the trees from the last one. Yeah. >> Yeah. And um, so there's a lot of stuff dead. We hit 24 for several hours. And so anything that was pretty sensitive died. >> So it's that's we didn't even get below freezing last year. So it's pretty uncommon. It's like, well, on Tuesday, I think. Really cold. >> Going to be down in the 30s. Yeah. So, we we usually will get down in the 30s, but not actually hit 32 long enough to freeze the plants. It's usually like for even like an hour, a few minutes, you know, whatever. But, um yeah, it was um it killed like at the school I work at, it killed whole rows of bushes. >> That's a shame. >> Yeah. So, it's going to be a a long process getting all that repplanted, >> but at least it's not a common thing. Otherwise, we'd have to plant stuff like they do in the north that survives the the winter. >> Or just my mom and dad would do, you know, you plant stuff and you know, you'd have to plant it again next year. >> Well, it's nice to meet you guys. >> Finally starting to cool down a little bit. Just finished shoveling snow from the end of my lane after the plow went through. I'd rather >> Thank you. >> rather be at Walt Disney World. Yes. I mean, clearly I've done that before, too. you know, several times when snowplow comes through. The nice thing about having four-wheel drive was a lot of times we ended up having two four-wheel drive vehicles. And so, yeah, it was better if you shoveled the front of the driveway cuz there's a giant mound, but like you could get over it with the four-wheel drive >> seated at all times. Keep your hands, arms, feet, legs, and other bandages inside your car. Please be clear. >> Don't your bushes grow back? Um, they might >> The ones that >> the ones that got hit don't look like they're coming back. They're pretty dead. >> So, maybe I'm just not remembering correctly from up north. I guess only time will tell. My grass is already coming back, though, so that's good. But we knew we knew that one. >> Step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other >> being overheated and climbing a ramp. Not a good combination. >> Lightheaded I am. >> Okay, we're good. It's like a little dizzy. >> Uh, just one. Watch your step here, please. >> Yeah, I'll let you know if they come back. Maybe I'm just not remembering right. You could you could be you could be on to something there. >> I remember that at North the grass always came back, but there are certain flowers and things obviously that you know you have to replant. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. Dapper. Yeah, lawns coming back along with the weeds. Yeah, the weeds. The weeds don't ever stay gone. >> It could be absolute zero and the weeds would still come back. >> I'm not sure about that, but it feels that way. >> Stay clear of the doors. >> Yeah, I just drank a whole bottle of water, so I'm I'm hydrating your journey. >> Just not used to it. This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around Tomorrowland. Greetings intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Ora 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see Tomorrowland and my stars is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. >> For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders. Transfer to green and red lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future right by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot? And a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World. Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny Lorac. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except actual stars. Those are no longer sold. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Ricycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. >> Attention all visitors from Galaxy F31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. Heat. Heat. This is Starboard 75 or as we locals call it space. Our highspeed rocket core to distant deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The cold room of Pisces 7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Vote today. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Paging Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson at the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep all remaining tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Okay. Down. You're so down. Yeah. time to see this show. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come full. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. I don't even know where to conclude. This is always my favorite part cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow today. See you in the future. You know what I think? >> I think it's a double it's a double GTA ride kind of day. Let's Let's do one more lap. >> What do you say? Get any more cooled off? You guys can see some better views and we can chat a little bit the second time. I do want to um I forgot earlier. I do want to mention uh Al Al H's message. He sent a very generous PayPal earlier and his question was >> sure you get asked a million times please share the idea of resort TV1 >> were you in Walt Disney World and thought I can stream so you know it's a good question and certainly um it's something that was just kind of by >> a little bit good idea and a little bit happen stance >> away and remain seated until they open automatically step onto the moving platform with caution. Give me just a second. Oh, we stopped in the sun. Fun. >> Can I stay on? >> All right. So, we got to wait a second, but bye. >> Thank you. >> But anyway, so story of Resort TV 1. Uh it was originally just the uh Disney resort TV from the hotels and random videos that I taken, Space Mountain with the lights on, Everest, you know, just posting stuff just to share. There was a site called Mouse Bits and I used to uh we used to I used to share stuff on there was like a bit tour site where you could, you know, you could share Disney media music and videos and whatever. And I would take videos when I would come down here. I was still living in Indiana and I would post them up on Mouse Bits and eventually on YouTube. And then we moved down here not too long after YouTube opened, a couple years after YouTube became a thing. And um I was going to post more, but there's a there's a 10 10 or 15 in I think it's 15 minute time limit. And a lot of the videos I wanted to do were longer than that. So I just kind of lost interest. I wish I had not lost interest. But either way, look, this is moving. That's weird. That's moving, but the vehicle's not. All right, here we go. Anyway, so I kind of lost interest, but then um I got more interested in recording the resort TV >> and the hotel. >> Thank you. >> So, I got more interested uh in close it in recording resort TV >> and um started posting that so I can play it on my Apple TV at the time. >> And then um I was going to record resort TV at one of the hotels. My wife and I were there and she wanted a nap and I wanted to go, you know, back to the park and she was like, why don't you wait for me and you can go like do a recording of the uh hotel like a tour of the resort and I was like oh really why she's like I think people might like to see that. I was like you know she was right. So I tried it. It got decent views. And then Jenna started following some vloggers like Adam you know the woo of course and uh Tim and um Justin and some of the old OG vloggers and she's like we should do that. You've got a channel now. I had, you know, a thousand or more followers at that point. And I saw an article on a tech blog I was reading about how YouTube just enabled live streaming for mobile devices. They'd had live streaming for a little while before that. This was 2017, but they enabled it for mobile if you had an u certain number of subscribers. It used to be like 20,000. I didn't have that many, but then they lowered it down to 1,000 and I was able to do it. And um so I live streamed a couple hotels and just tried some things out. I live streamed Disney Springs and but I was like, "Oh, it's kind of fun." You know, it was kind of fun talking to people, the chat and everything. It was a little bit frustrating, you know, trying to figure out how to make the signal work. I figured out pretty quickly Wi-Fi by itself was not the way to go. >> Anyway, finally, >> travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. >> So, fast forward to now. Fast forward to the first big stream was Happily Ever After's opening. >> So, at the opening of Happily Ever After, I wanted to go stream, but I didn't want to stream the fireworks. I had a hunch that the signal would be bad. So, I didn't stream Happily Ever After. I recorded it, which was a good move. >> But, I did record myself walking around. No gimbal, just the phone, just bare-handed. And so, that was probably the first major stream we got over a thousand people watching. Maybe the only ride we did was People Mover. >> It lagged a little bit in the the tunnel by Buzz Lightyear, but other than that, it was great. So, after that, I kind of realized that it could be a thing. And uh Jenna moved down and we got her involved and I started doing more streams. We we settled on Friday being a good night for our family for us to do it. and we noticed that the views were really low on Fridays. And I thought, well, what if we just do live streams? That'll help our views. Anyway, the rest is history. Iterated and changed things along the way. But we've even thought at one point about making we thought, oh, the future is 360, so let's make all the streams 360. >> But we found out a lot of people didn't like that cuz it was a lot of work to try and figure out where to point the camera. >> Totally makes sense. >> So 360 live is cool. I've done it several times, but >> for your safety. Anyway, we've just tried a lot of stuff. >> Keeping hands, arms, feet, legs. >> Good old days of watching in 360p. Yeah. >> 480 and 360. >> Super younger beings. Stay clear of the doors, which will open and close. >> Yeah, YouTube would do a little speed test every time you'd go live. >> The TTA blue line non-stop service around Tomorrowland. >> They do a little speed test to see what your connection could handle. And a couple of my streams when I downloaded in there, max of 360, so low quality, 360p. I mean, resolution. So, that's pretty crazy. >> Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Ora 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see Tomorrowland. And my stars, is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to Monster Labs, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. Thank you. >> Canadian curling just won the gold. >> CH has been here since the mid 4,500. >> Next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders. Transfer to Green and Red Line. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future. right by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny Orac. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods of the galaxy, except actual stars. Those are the owners. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron White Cycle run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. >> Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing intervals clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. This is Starboard 75 or as we locally call it space. Our highspeed rocket for distant deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral rooms of 57. You H2 owe it to yourself. Book today. Hey, that's a recycle. >> Oh, yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Mr. Marorrow, Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Tomorrow, tomorrow, please keep all clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary article fellowship orbit and launch high above tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. >> Chip and Dale space outfit. Hold on. There we go. Look at that. Sorry, they went by fast. Wow, how cool. Walk around characters at Disney World. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. That's something. Please get her here. There it is for life. Take the time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come full orbit. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're concluding, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow today. See you in the future. This is the TTA non-stop service around tomorrow. away from the doors. >> Oh, that was nice. >> Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> Please keep arms and Timmy and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and tennies and others away from the doors and remain seated until step by step. >> All right. Huh. I feel better. That was nice. Apparently the uh ramps are not both the ramps are not working. I got to rest a little bit before I before I get to come up the ramp here. >> All right, let's see. Let's head back towards the castle here. Ah, very nice. Probably. Yeah, I'll probably grab a snack at some point. Keep me going, but I feel much better. So, they don't want my antenna get caught in the door. I know. I know. It's my It's the worst. And then I'm always like, where did these antenna come from? >> Monsters Inc. just let out. That's why it was suddenly crowded. Sorry, I was getting a drink. Harder to do on the uh moving people over. There we go. All right. I'm going have to buy some more water. I did not have to start bringing more bottles. You can always bring it up or I can always fill it up. I guess >> sometimes I get weird about water fountains cuz Steph uh thinks that she caught mono from a water fountain at some point. So before we met she wasn't wasn't time. So she's like I don't know where else I could have gotten at the doctor said maybe a water fountain. All right, let's go do our uh update. >> Castle update. >> Oh, there's the the dry moat. mostly dry. And here it is on the other side. Probably won't post this as a separate video cuz there's not a big update, but I'll show you on the stream. Water fountain's a good place to get stretch. Usually full of water. >> Oh, they're doing the show. They're showing the show. >> All right. Here. Let's Let's check uh check around this side of the castle. Sorry. Maybe they removed the rocks. I don't think they're going to change the rocks. >> The original entrance was cool, but it it did make it harder to see, >> especially like for fireworks and stuff like that. So, I feel like people do stand over there on that bridge. So, I feel like they'll probably it would cost extra to do that, and I don't think there'd be a benefit. Even though, yes, I agree. The older uh the older entryway was cool. It was a different time. There was a lot more. It's so funny. The evergreen trees and then the deciduous tree there that still didn't have any leaves back yet. It'll be fine. Tree those trees like that, they all they come back unless they had some kind of disease. Anyway, but yeah. Um, what I was trying to say was back in the day when that was a thing when that was when that entrance was there, they had plenty of places to watch in front of the castle. It wasn't nearly as crowded most of the time. All right, let me let me take a look from this side here. I got to cut across the the way here. Okay, so first of all, here's our dry retention pond. I have monto when I was a young kid. Darker side caught it off the water fountains. Yeah. I wonder if you can catch it just from like filling up your water bottle. I don't know. That's why I don't do it. Okay. So, it's about the same. I feel like maybe a little more that's been painted, but yeah. >> So, not sure. But >> yeah, there is kind of a little seam in there where the uh where the uh pink changes to gold. Let's go this way. Go around back side of castle. Free water cups of quick service. That is a better plan. Yeah, I'd say that's that's the way to go. I always forget that cuz I always just bring my water. It's like I said, it's not as good on your body. It does feel good. >> Okay. Sorry. >> That was so sad. >> Do you think they'll remove the trees >> along the walkway in Adventure Land where Piston Peak will be? But well, uh, Piston Peak is not going anywhere near Adventureland, so I don't think so on that. As far as Frontier Land trees, any anybody's guess on Frontier Land trees, but I think Adventureland trees are probably safe. >> The Adventure Land is over by pirates and jungle crews and all that and they're not doing any construction over there. >> Where do you go when they throw the beads? Uh or when where do you go? That's um Marty Gro at uh Universal. I actually don't have my Universal ticket anymore. We're trying to save a little money. So, we'll get it back eventually, but it's not like we're going anywhere. Get out of this people's picture. >> That's a Insta 3601 or something. I can't remember. It's like the really expensive camera that they do those 360 photos with. >> They do a tiny plan. They do the tiny planet pictures with the castle behind it, which looks really cool. But if people get too close, then those other people are in the photo as well. All right. So, most So, yeah. So, they've got this still this primer color. It's kind of hard to see, but this primer color on the back, um, that's not the color it's going to be. It's very white. You can see see the Okay, that's a great shot. See the color difference there? >> Yeah. >> Between the gray on the bottom and the top, it's going to be closer to that the kind of gray on the right there on the turret, not on the top tower there. That is definitely primer. So yeah, they're taking their time for sure and that's fine. There's no rush and they're doing such a great job with the only thing you can see during the day is the dry moat. Like the fact that there's not a crane in here like just sitting here ready for them to go at night. That's pretty cool and honestly very very cool at Disney. I I I I guarantee it costs more to do it that way. 100% guarantee. And if you're wondering why um first of all why they would do it that way, well it's great because people don't complain about having a crane in their picture all the time when they come on their, you know, once in a lifetime trip here. I get that as somebody who lives here obviously it's harder for me to understand the once in a lifetime but that is what it is for a lot of people or at least once in a long time once in 10 years once in five years once in 20 years even you know or more. Um, and so with that being said, uh, when they have to pull the crane in and out, obviously it takes time. And so it takes, you know, it's not, and it also is the gas and the, you know, for the crane, you know, I'm assuming they're they're gas powered probably. uh whatever power the crane, it costs that. But it also cost the the um the cast member or the uh not cast member but the uh the construction worker, the contractor, the painter hours, you know, basically manpower hours that um that they have to pay to get the crane in and out cuz they would be able to probably be more efficient with the money if they just said, "Okay, the crane's going to sit right here basically where I'm standing." It's where uh they used to have like a crane when they put the lights on the castle for for lights of winter. put it back in this area where I'm standing right behind the castle. And I think they have one on the other side sometimes, too. But uh either way, um again, that's pretty cool of Disney to spend the extra money to make sure that uh people don't have cranes in the picture. So, I know that's something a lot of people might not have thought of, but I will give them 100% of the credit for that. Now, look, this is where the uh this is where the How are you? >> Good. Just showing everybody what it looks like when the wall is up. Very cool. So, you guys you guys remember Javier? He's one of our cast member friends. And you've been working at Disney for how long? For a while. >> Um, I reached my 10 years. So, >> 10 years. Did you get the uh award a couple weeks ago when you with the cast member party? >> I went I had an awesome time. Brought my friend brought my friend from Peru. She enjoyed it as well. >> Oh, great. Yeah. You get to bring a guest, which is super cool. >> Yeah. We kept ourselves warm cuz it was chilly weather, but we had a good time. >> Yeah. It was a chilly night and now it's hot. So, you know, never know in Florida, right? >> Exactly. I'm hoping for good weather. I think it should be good next week because uh it's the Princess Marathon weekend and I'm running it. So >> Oh, wow. Good luck. Which which race are you doing? The marathon. >> 5K. >> 5K. Okay. Okay. If you're doing the marathon, you're like training up right now. >> No, no, no. For January 5k. Yeah, I can do it. It's because it's Merida and we >> Makes sense. >> Well, Javier, congrats on 10 years. >> Thanks. >> Good to see you, too. >> See you. I'm so excited. >> He's so nice. >> He actually took us in Toy Story Land uh with Prince Charming. Dev, our friend. We haven't seen Dev for a while either. Um I think he does more stuff outside Disney now. We're just not in the same place. Last time we saw Dev was at Epic Universe. But always enjoy seeing friends when we when we do. A lot of times it's just with vloggers. It's not, you know, it's not that it's not that anybody I mean, you know, there are times when it happens, but it's not that anybody's mad at each other. It's just that we don't we all have different schedules and we don't, you know, have time to always do meetups and stuff like that, especially those of us that have regular jobs. And a lot of vloggers do still have regular day jobs. So anyway, but yeah, he he and Dev and I went to see the Toy Story Land preview, which was awesome. I super appreciated him taking us in for that. He used to be a roommate with with Deb, so that's how. And Deb called me. I was like, "Hey, I got we got one more. You want to go?" And I was like, "Dude, that's super nice." We couldn't film or anything. And we just we had to in fact we we didn't do they didn't give us the ziplockc bags but we had to put the phones in our had to put the phones in keep in our pocket basically. Um I think we couldn't even really I mean like you could do a quick text if you wanted but they they said we better not see anybody with their phone up like they're taking a picture or it would be basically the cast member that would be in trouble. So we definitely did not want to get Javier in trouble at all and we didn't. So we kept our phones put away like they asked us to. It was nice. We were actually sitting there in line talking about this. Same thing at Epic Universe when we had Justin take us and we had to keep the phones put away for the most part. Like, yeah, again, you could get him out to send a quick text to tell everybody you were okay or you're coming home or, you know, whatever. But you needed to pretty much have it put away. And um we said it was nice cuz in the line we were actually talking to each other instead of just looking at our phones. It was like it's like the old days. We were like, you know, talking to each other and looking at each other. What a concept. You >> guys remember that? Oh, Mary, you're following somebody named Elena Myers tail. I don't know her. Speed skating. That's fun. There's a lot of Olympic stuff going on. Congrats to Canada on the curling win. That's fun. Curling's so fun to watch. Apparently, there was a curling fight. I That's a That's a not a sport you usually think about as having fights. Usually, that's hockey. >> So, You can talk to people without a phone, Christopher. >> Yeah, apparently. I don't know. I don't I haven't heard Haven't had much experience with it. No, I'm just kidding. But yeah, that's what I heard, Christopher. But we It was interesting, you know, when you're basically kind of forced, for lack of a better word, you know, you're voluntarily coming in there and knowing that you can't have your phone out, but you know, basically if you come in here, you have to have your phone. So, I hate to say forced, but basically like if you're in here, no phones, right? And it's like nice because you don't have to police yourself cuz you're like the rule is I can't have my phone out, so I will not get it out. And you just kind of like have to kill those impulses to reach for it. And then you're like, I should do this more often. Like I noticed in the theme park I saw a lot more. You know what I mean? I mean, it makes sense, but like I saw the details more. I saw a lot of things more. >> I'm not planning on doing Winnie the Poo. just so so busy all the times. I don't really want to stand there and wait for 45 minutes on a stream. It just for a vlog it's great, but for a stream it makes it not as fun. It's more fun to walk around. The phone was the payo. Yeah, the one in the booth or the one on the hanging on the wall. I have one friend. We still talk on the phone. That's awesome. Well, you have lots of resort hopper friends. You can chat with us here, too. Yeah. Okay. So, it is a little bit different here in the back. It's it's it's all painted in the back here. And those stained glass windows right there, that is the Cinderella suite. And of course going down is the um the uh royal table restaurant. >> So the only things in the castle that guests can get to uh obviously the suite if you get invited, but that's like once in a lifetime, you know, maybe maybe never, you know, kind of thing. By the way, I would I would totally pay for a tour of that. I know everybody would. So that's why they don't do it. It would be so busy. Like I imagine that's why they don't do it because it would even even for a even for a 30-minute tour or something, it would be so busy. It would people would be mad they couldn't get it. And there's a limited amount of people they can put in there. And they also probably don't want people chasing through there and possibly breaking things. And anyway, I digress. But anyway, the things that you can get to the uh public areas in the castle, obviously the walkthrough here, the walkthrough, and then the royal table restaurant here, which goes kind of all the way across. And then the uh and then, of course, the suite at the top. And at the bottom, there's the Bibbidity Bobby Boutique. And there's also the entry area for the restaurant there, plus like little uh photo spots with Cinderella and little waiting areas and stuff before you go upstairs. It has been a very long time since I've been upstairs in the castle. And then anything beyond that, you've got of course the you know place where Tinker Bell flies from the Oh, the calling cards with,200 minutes. Yeah, Rob Sam's Club had those. It was great because it it usually worked out to be 5 or 10 cents a minute, which was way cheaper than what the cell phones or even long distance a lot of times was 20 or 30 cents a minute, which again was a lot more then than it is now with the inflation and everything. Uh so anyway, yeah, the color of the castle is not that. It's not going to stay like that from my understanding. Um, it's going to be, I believe, uh, a little darker, but I could be wrong. I don't know. But anyway, that's that's kind of my thought because it is pretty light compared to the gray below. Been to CRT with the window table. Oh, nice. There's more than one, right? I guess that Well, oh, you mean the one in the back in the middle like the Yeah, the this this window that sticks out here. Yeah, that would be probably the best one. I was I'm sure that's the most coveted spot in the in the place. But no, if we ever get lucky enough, excuse me, if we ever did lucky enough to do a media event, um there in the you know that we get to go up in there, I would be it would be a bucket list event. I I can't think of a reason why, but excuse me. >> Yeah. Yeah. I can't think of a reason why. It's just would just be really cool. Yeah, I'd love a walk through the castle, but I guess there's not room. >> Okay, you can see a little more over here now. >> Huh? So, the pink is right here on the front and then it's gray the rest of the way. There you go. Funny thing is if you're really not looking for it, you don't see it. It's very, you know, you can see it, but if you're really not like paying attention, it would be very easy to just be like, "Yep, castle looks great." I think it's very smart that they're kind of doing it one side at a time. So, the front is pretty much unpainted right now. There's a little there's a few spots, but again, if you're not really looking for it, you don't see it. There's a better shot right there. >> Hey, Tracy. Let's go watch the end of the castle show. Huh? >> Got to ride the carousel with Cinderella's stepsisters. Oh, that is cool. They are so fun. The um cast members that do that, they're so fun. >> They're so good. Wow, a lot of people in the chat now. Thank you for being here. Let's go watch the end of this castle show and then maybe we'll see we can ride the train. Everything's pretty busy. It's Saturday afternoon, but it's still really awesome to be here on such a beautiful day. So, thanks for joining me. The magic feels like home. I'm about to have fireworks. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. All friends and family will celebrate with us today. See y'all real soon. >> We invite you to >> We made it. >> I had to turn. >> I got my ankle. I had to turn the hustle on for a second, but we made it. >> Do the hustle. It's a different kind of hustle. What a fun little song though, right? I mean, totally unrelated. Squirrel moment. Isn't >> that nice? I mean, it's not totally unrelated. It's the same name. >> Mostly unrelated. All righty then, as Jim Carrey would say. Oh my god. If you don't play the actual >> Oh, there's Mickey Minnie. >> There they are. Yeah, we love the castle show. We love it. It is starting to cool down a little bit, which is nice. I get out of the People are taking pictures, so we get out of the way. That always good to see Mickey Mini. A popular photo spot. All right, how is the signal holding up? Are we good? Let me know if the signal is fine. If I need to engage auxiliary power. Do >> you want me to >> A lot of people leave after the parade of course, >> but uh some people leave after these shows, too, which is nice cuz it's a good it's a good breaking point in the day. A good Okay, awesome. It's funny. Sometimes when the numbers go up and down like that, it's that's a indicative of signal issues. then YouTube can't figure out how many people are online because it's signals unstable. But if you are joining us, welcome. And if you're new, we are Resort TV1. We do this several times a week and uh we have a great time at Disney. And uh you can join us anytime we go live and all you have to do is subscribe. And the best part about subscribing is it's free and you can uh you can be notified if you turn on the notification bell every time we do go live. So it's free to subscribe and also it is uh a way to uh get notified when we do go live so you can do great views like this all the time. Yeah, the weather's pretty good. It's very warm, but it looks amazing. >> Not used to the warm, but it's nice. What is it now? 88 still. Feels like 90. Same as it was before. So, interesting little fun fact. Usually in the summer it's warmer here in Central Florida than it is out by the beach because you get the seab breeze which actually cools things off. Here there's enough things, buildings and hills and things in the way to block some of the breeze. Not all of it, of course, but some of it. So you don't get the full effect of the seab breeze here in the uh interior area. So if you want to see the crazy hot temperatures, they're always most crazy and hot here. So you might say, "Well, why didn't they build it on the coast?" But I think there's a pretty obvious reason for that. They totally would have if hurricanes weren't a thing. Uh, and hurricanes of course have hit here before, but it's much much better if you're not right on the coast for a direct hit. So, it's much much more of a chance of a total loss at that point. So, anyway, yeah, I was going to go Hey, Spider-Man, where are we headed? I was going to go ride the train. Uh, let's see. I'm gonna first I'm going to take a quick little restroom break. Keep moving. Keep moving. You can set up a um >> All right. Give me a second. >> Yep. I hope your Saturday is going well and it's a nice and relaxing day. Certainly glad to uh enjoy it with you guys. I'm almost happy. >> All right, let me turn on the BRB here real quick. >> This time I'll remember to actually turn it on. >> Maybe there it goes. Okay, >> you can do it. Okay, it's on. >> The counter is counting. >> All right, be right back. >> I'll give a shout out to Louise, James, and Jane watching in Ireland. Hello. >> Be right back. Thank you. Thank you. Wow. Hi. Welcome. I'm going to Breaking. You guys want to come? Okay. I'm first of paper now. First boat. >> Welcome back. >> Excuse me. I heard the train bell. >> I was like, "Oh, no. Okay, here we go. Nice. I had to kind of like make a mad dash for it. Okay. So, we made it. >> Welcome back. My friends are going to be doing the Special Olympics Polar Plunge. There any polar plunges in Florida? I don't think so. >> Give Andrew a shout out. Watch him from Ireland. Hello. >> I don't I don't know who the um >> I don't know who the um >> or which which locomotive it is. >> But it's going to feel like you're going forward. >> If you want to switch your seat, come back and you'll feel like you're going forward. It's a little different than >> Yeah. Shout out to Andrew watching from Ireland. I think I just said that. All right, here we go. Welcome aboard, folks. Thanks for joining our trip to Fantasy Land. Throughout our journey, please make sure your hands, arms, feet, legs, parasols, and bowler hats. Stay inside the train. And please keep an eye on our junior riders. By now, you've probably noticed I'm not just conducting the train today. I'm also conducting a bit of an experiment. You know the old saying, sometimes you have to go backward to go forwards. Well, today we're putting that to the test by heading to Storybook Circus Caboose first. And Tomorrowland is the perfect place for experimentation. That's why I invited my favorite little experiment to ride along with us today. Folks, say hello to experiment 626. Although you might know him as >> Stitch. Mr. Conductor, can Stitch drive the train? I can do it. >> Well, Stitch, I was thinking you could be my conductor for a spell and help me tell our passengers about all the wonderful sights and sounds in Tomorrowland. >> Tomorrow more too good. >> You're a natural stitch. >> Thanks. I'm stitch blow the whistle. >> Not just yet, my friend. There are so many more exciting things to talk about in Tomorrowland. >> More exciting vessel? >> You bet. You see that Astroorbiter Stitch? From up there in those rockets, you can see everything in Tomorrowland, including the Tomorrowland Speedway. >> You don't need a license to drive in Tomorrowland. >> Hi, brother. Make sure all hands, arms, feet, and legs stay fully inside the train at all times. Again, for everybody's safety, keep those feet and legs inside those red bars at all times. >> Cycle team blue stitch is blue. >> Stitch, I think you make >> again you guys. Friend, keep those legs and feet inside the train. Otherwise, I will have to stop the train. So again, a friend reminder for everybody, especially my friends in car one. Keep those legs and feet inside the train. >> Thank you. Burrito sauce. Thank you. >> Well done, Stitch. Say, you want to stick around and help me introduce these fine folks to Story Book Circus. I think you'll love it, Stitch. You'll see great features of all shapes and sizes. Are the chro? >> You bet your bottom dollar. There are even elephants who appear so large they can fly as high as the rocket we just left behind. I will >> at the story book circus and in tomorrow anything is possible. >> Let's join the circus. Well, folks, thanks for riding along with me. I mean, as we arrive, please stay seated until we come to a complete stop. Gather your belongings and little ones before exiting the train. And be sure to wait until you're safely on the platform to unfold those strollers. >> And now, friends, travelers, children of all ages, welcome to the stupendous, the sensational, the spectacular Fantasy Land Story Book Circus. Next stop, Main Street USA. As we roll into Panaceia, make sure to stay fully seated and fully aboard the train until we come to a full and complete stop. I will let you know when it is safe to stand and exit by saying the two words of all fear until you hear those words and those words only will it be safe to stand and exit the train. So, as we roll slowly back into the station, please stay seated. For everybody creepy, including you, stayed until you hear those. >> We are allelcome. >> All right, Zig Zagman sent a $5 super chat. Enjoyed the backwards train ride. Thank you, Zig Zagman. Yeah, I'm going to go ahead and stay on, I think. Thank you, Zig Zagman. Yeah, I'm going to stay on. I think I think this is going to be a pretty full train. >> That's okay. We'll ride We'll ride uh we're facing the back of the train now, but we'll ride actually backwards this time. We go back to Main Street. >> Just a friendly reminder for anybody staying on board just joining us. Make sure you stay back here to Main Street USA between those two locations. I don't usually go full circle on it. Let's do that. >> Once again, if you're just joining us, this train is a back and forth shuttle from Fantasy Land Story Book Circus to Main Street, USA. This train only travels between those two locations. I do miss the >> the Frontier Land ride. know that right now. Here's the situation on weight times. >> Pirates is still 45. Splash is 65. Jungle Cruise 45. Treehouse is zero. >> A lot of the shows aren't too bad. >> I don't think I'm going to do any shows today, though. We'll see. I could do Speedway. Speedway or Tea Party. Tron is 80. Sorry about the glare. Space Mountain 50. Astro only 25. >> There you go. Okay. Hey Jos, loved the stream from Contemporary last night. Thanks for streaming today. We're getting snowstormed today in New Jersey. Wow. Yeah, live vicariously. It's It's very very warm here. >> It's a a little too warm, but I'm not complaining. It'll cool down. It'll be a beautiful evening as the sun goes down a little bit. Here we go. >> Uh, I haven't talked to mom and dad today. I was letting him rest, but yeah, we'll see. >> I'm sure she's starting to feel better, but we'll see. Enjoy. Here we go. >> So glad to have you with us. This train's headed straight from Main Street, USA. We'll head on back to Fantasy Land after that. Stay seated and keep your hands and arms, feet, and legs inside the train at all times. And please keep an eye on your children. Next up is a place that's always ahead of the curve. And not just because we're on a straightaway. Our metropolis of mechanical marbles, tomorrow land. As you know, I love this red about as much as a songird. And I still competition. That's the secret that intergalactic travel possible. So simple once you hear it right in this place of boundless optimism the possibilities are endless. You might say the sky's the limit but even that is no obstacle in tomorrow. I didn't even know I was Our trip is almost complete and it was great. I can't thank you enough for spending part of your day with me and I hope you've enjoyed your journey as much as I've appreciated being a part of. >> We're now approaching our most charming destination, Main Street, USA. The place where the only thing sweeter than the town is the drinks. After this, we'll circle back to Fantasy Land. So, unless you're yearning for more of my This will be your stop. For now, stay seated until our train comes to a complete stop. Then, pick up your belongings and carefully disin. If you have strollers to unfold, please take them over platform so new passengers can safely hop in and be honest. And while we're being neighbor, what say we give our fellow travelers a friendly wave hello. This is Main Street Station after all. Welcome to Main Street, USA. >> Hello everyone. As we arrive into the station, please remain fully seated and fully aboard the train until we come to a complete stop. I will then give you the words all clear indicating it is safe to exit. Once again, for your safety, please remain fully seated and slowly aboard the train and we are still in motion at this time. Thank you. Remain seated, please. We're almost there. Remain seated, please. Remain seated. Remain seated. >> We are now all clear. You may disembark. Welcome to Main Street, USA. >> All right, that was awesome. >> It's as close to round trip as we can get right now. >> Go this way. >> All right, thank you. All right, >> walking through the important I might. It's air conditioned. See if we can see what the engine is from here. Hard to see it actually. Oh, it's a Walter E. Disney. >> Yep, that's what it is. Be able to see it from down there, but I don't want to get in the way. They're trying to They're trying to get wheelchairs for people, so stay out of the way. But, um, yeah, it's the Walter E. Disney. Okay. Is this right? Oh, you can't really see it from here either, but it is. Just trust me. >> Yes, there are four engines, but they're only using two right now. The Lily Bell and the Walter E Disney. So, >> those are the ones that are being used right now. Yeah. >> So, there you go. All right. Let's see. We had a request for Emporium. I know that the area between uh Main Street and Frontier Land is great, but it will be coming back. There's no no doubt about that. They're not they're not doing away with the train. They're not uh they're not that mean. No, they they actually know how important the train is at Disney. So, they are keeping the train fully intact, but they just have to get all the construction done first. All right, let's go check take a Main Street look real quick. >> Oh, yeah. We almost got a thousand likes. So, we also have the flag retreat coming up in about 8 minutes. So, we will definitely show that to you here just a bit. It's always our pleasure to show that, especially for our armed service members and those that have family that served. It's especially especially um poignant and uh memorable and important. And actually, they're uh so they're uh they're doing practice. They're doing a walkthrough. That's cool. I'd never seen that before. So beforehand they do a they do a rehearsal. So there you go. Our armed for armed services honored member. So he'll be introduced during the ceremony here in just a couple minutes. The flag retreat is something that started with Walt Disney himself at Disneyland. He was very patriotic and he really thought it would be important to make, you know, not just the flag is required to be taken down unless it has a light on it. We know that, right? That's the law. But instead of just doing the bare minimum and just taking it down, Walt decided to have a ceremony and make a show of it. And I think that's really nice. So, and it's such a simple thing, too. >> Run and get snacks like the lion. >> All right. Oh, here. Let's Let's go inside the store for just a minute. Sorry. >> All right, let's go inside the store really quick. And uh take a look at what's new. These seem to be big right now. the cup with the little mini pouch on it. >> Hello, spring. They've had those before, but it is getting close to spring. I mean, it's 88 right now, so it feels like summer, but hey, sometimes we skip seasons around here. It's fine. We're fine. All right. Sometimes we do tend to skip the seasons. I'm sorry if I I my my shopping consists of walking around and randomly pointing at things. I don't show as much stuff up close as what Jenna does. I'm sorry. I just look at what's interesting to me that looks different or unique in some way. Disney fans are the best kind of people. How fun. Yes, it certainly can be. And I think the people in our community are the best the best kind of Disney fans >> because I feel like the people that watch us are the ones that get it. You know, they're the ones that are polite in the parks and, you know, try to do, you know, all the things and follow the rule, you know, all that kind of stuff. There's pins over here. I am not going in there. There's a whole a whole crowd over there in the pin section. Wonder if that's there's something new over there or if it's just a busy time. I always wonder that. I'm like, "Oo, is there something new I should show?" But yeah, I don't I don't know. Shop in a tech shop. Oh, yeah. I'd be I'd be all over that one of these days. It's It's sad because all the pricing's gone up because of all the AI stuff taking over. So all the, you know, giant data centers are taking up all the parts that used to go into somebody's computer. It's not the same parts, but it's like the factory the the fab capacity. Anyway, I don't want to get too far into it, but basically the fabs, chip fabs that make the chips that go in the things and the factories that put it all together, they are learning that they can charge more to businesses cuz businesses have deeper pockets than regular people like us. So that's pretty pretty obvious, right? But when in the past there was a nice balance where okay the business demand and the consumer demand was kind of imbalanced and so they could make some of each and it was all fine and the pricing was was fine but uh they uh the chip shortage is like the AI ordering is just off the charts right now and uh unfortunately it's been hard. So I'm glad I have a computer that's going to last a little while. I would love another I would love a newer graphics card, but um just to do faster rendering and now that I'm doing a little bit of AI work and just trying to like add some just to see if you know just to see if I can use it to maybe you know generate some cool transitions or something. >> Good afternoon. >> I'd love to have a little faster card. We invite you to join us in town for our flag retreat ceremony. Once again, this Magic Kingdom prediction will begin in just a few moments. >> So, yeah. Anyway, but it's it's the flux of passive I know, but yeah, I'd like I I' I have a 3060. It's if you know your graphics card, it's a 3060 Ti. Um, and it the thing that slows it down from it's actually pretty fast, but the thing that slows it down from both video editing and um and AI generation is that the the memory is lower than a lot of the other cards. So, I'm looking for something, but not for a while. So, we'll get there. Right now, this is fine for what I need. And if I it does tend to render videos pretty fast. >> But I have made some cool little transitions and little shows and everything. So that's fun. You created a PowerPoint with AI. Oh my goodness. That's crazy. It's crazy what you can do. I don't I'm hesitant to It's fun to play around with. I'm hesitant to share much of it cuz I've taken like the coolest thing I did the other day with it on my local machine was I took some scenes of some older attractions and stuff and just use AI to upscale and make them move a little more. And that was kind of cool. It's like a horizon scene and I turned it into like something moving. I haven't gotten in this far yet, but you can even I could even like get a picture of myself and like put myself in the scene and stuff. It's really cool what you can do. Like look, there I am. There I am riding Horizons as an adult, which would have been cool, >> but like I said, I I'm hesitant to post anything. I was just I just it's fun to play around with. Hello everyone. We are the Dapper Dans and on behalf of our Magic Kingdom security color guard and Main Street operations, we are pleased and proud to welcome you to today's flag retreat ceremony here in Town Square. Our Town Square flag collagic kingdom traditions. We are honored that you have taken time from your day to become part of this tradition with us. And now, please join us in saying the pledge of allegiance. I pledge algiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands. One nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. And now our national anthem. Oh, say can you see by the dawn's earthly light, what so proudly we at the twilight last stripes and bright stars SP we watch together and the rock through the Oh my go and And now, please join us in singing God Bless America. America that I love and desire and her life from the to the ocean. I see God. Today we have the privilege of being joined by a very special armed forces honored representative. Please join us in welcoming US Navy Airman Christian Lukan from Hemet, California. Thank you for your service. How about a great big round of applause? Heat. Heat. Thank you for joining us. sweet ceremony. Please enjoy the rest of your day here in the Magic Kingdom. Here we go. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. If you're curious what happens afterwards, this is what happens. and then they do pictures. He's gets a certificate. Sorry about the uh lag over there. I have no idea why it just randomly lags now sometimes. Oh well. Yeah, they like Well, they they don't want people, you know, it's very special. They don't want people right behind him. They want to have a a nice clear path for the march. So, he's reading out what the thing says. You can't see it. You can't hear it from here, but he's reading it out. May I have your attention please KENDALL PRONTERS CHRISTIAN Lugoff as our honorary all forces representative of the day the 21st day February 2026 This Thank you. >> Just listen. How how awesome. >> Hey guys. >> Hey. How are you? >> Hi. >> We're big fans. >> We're big fans. >> Oh, thank you. >> We came all the way from over there to try to catch you. >> Oh, thanks guys. I was talking last time we did this last about what happens afterwards and I thought I hadn't gone to show. It's pretty cool. If you don't come back here, they they have an announcement. They give them certificates. People are asking, "Do they get to keep the flag?" Goes, "No, that's a it's a pretty expensive flag, you know, for them to hand out every Okay. But uh so then they they get a certificate that >> which is cool. And then they have the professional photos and everything there which is pretty cool. >> Yeah, I know. I never seen that before. >> And they bring all the parade and crowd control cast members, you know, just in case there's not enough people back here. So they get a nice applause when they call their name, which is cool. >> Well, it's so nice to meet you, too. What are your names? >> You all the time, Caitlyn. >> And I'm David. >> You guys want to say hi on the live stream? Caitlyn and David. >> Where are you guys from? >> Or you guys I don't know. >> TV one from New Orleans. We love you guys. >> Oh man, we love it. >> Y'all are the best. >> That's awesome. We were just talking about New Orleans the other day with the big Marty Gro on Tuesday. >> Come on down. >> I know. >> Were you guys there for that or were you here? >> Yeah, we did the big weekend. We came here Tuesday night. >> Okay. >> So, >> very cool. So, the weekend is when the big festivities are. >> It's called deep gro Wednesday to Tuesday. >> Got it. Okay. So, it's like a whole week of festivities. >> It starts It's a whole season, but that's the big weekend. >> That's the big Okay. Yeah. I mean, I would assume obviously the businesses want to capitalize on it as much as they can, right? >> Saw you did the the Port Orleans. >> Yes. It was so fun. Well, I have my I have my Mickey beignet in honor of the day. So, >> yeah. >> Can I get a selfie? >> Of course. Of course. >> Can you take a picture? >> I'll take a picture. >> Okay. >> All right. Here we go. Say Resort TV 1. >> Woo! Resort TV. >> There we go. >> Thank you. >> Oh, so nice to meet you guys. Yeah, for sure. You guys enjoy your trip. All right. So, yeah, what a cool what a cool uh moment for the that family and that that uh service member. And they do that every single day, weather permitting, every single day. And like I said, you know what's cool about that? Not only is it a small way to thank the veterans, you know, that get to do that for their service. coming down, coming in hot, but but it also is an amazing memory that not very many people get to do. And so it's it's a very elite thing. It's not only just, you know, being a representative, but you also have to have, you know, the good luck for them to call on you. You know, obviously, I'm sure there's hundreds of veterans here every day. So, it's nice. It's that moment that that very few people have gotten to do still, uh, compared to the millions and millions and millions of you, hundreds of millions of people that have been here. Um, so it is one of those really super cool things and I'm glad that they do it. Christopher, did you say resort TV2? Thanks. We appreciate your uh help with that. But yeah, um, so again, like talking about last time, you know, do they get to keep the flag? No, of course. But uh, they do have the the really awesome pictures back there. Plus, they have the photo pass photographers taking pictures of them during the ceremony itself. And so there's a lot of pictures. That's great to say thank you. Yeah, for sure. I do too. If I see somebody who's like obviously in uniform, but like, you know, that's an obvious thing, but if they have a hat on that you can tell, you know, that has like a division or infantry or airborne or, you know, whichever service they're in that you can tell that they're, you know, obviously family members sometimes will get a hat that says Navy or Army or whatever. So, that's not a that on its own is not a dead giveaway, but a lot of times they have th those hats or shirts that you can only get if you served. And those are, you know, the times when I see those that I know, you know, to say thank you. Yeah. So, I wish they wish they'd let more do it. I know. I wish they would, too. But I don't know any other way, you know, obviously. I think they just feel like if if they uh if they had a group, it would just be more, you know, I don't know. It's like where would you where would even though it'd be wonderful, where would you stop it? And so I think that's part of the part of the deal. But either way, it's uh >> super awesome. >> Mickey Mouse. >> Yes, the family sacrifices should be thanked as well. And I think it's cool that the family gets to uh come in there in the town square there and really get to be a part of it. You know, that they're right in there with them and then they get to walk down the street in the parade right behind the right behind the flag. So that's pretty cool. I want a hot dog. I know. You know, it sounds actually good. Although, I was debating on Casey's after this. So, or not, that's that is the hot dog. My brain is melting. Um, Harbor House after this. So, we'll see. All right. A bucket list. I would have the retreat ceremony on it. Absolutely. For sure. And I bet a lot of the people that get to uh do it, the service members, but a lot of them, you know, probably are maybe more, you know, casual fans that probably don't even know that it's that it's a thing. >> So, I think I'm going to go We saw a little bit of the show earlier. Rather than stand in the sun, um my my my skin is melting. I think I'm going to go ride something. Welcome to the magical ship repair. >> Check some weight times here real quick. >> Here's a speedway. >> This is wonderful. >> Although this is such a fun song. See if I can get around her. We'll watch the first song and then we'll go ride. Come on, take my hand. better wish. And on to the place we all >> so cute little guy up there. together. We Magul is my Looks like everybody's ready. >> Oh, Mickey. I just love the friendship. >> So fun. >> A day of joy and having fun. >> It's a great great great show. >> Very magical. >> New friends to today's celebration. with a long journey. >> We cross rivers >> to bring all sorts of friends together in celebration of >> a lot of people were talking about or somebody was talking about saying welcome home to Vietnam veterans. I think that's nice. You know that obviously a lot of people know if you were around. I wasn't around during that time but I have read and studied they were not always welcome home welcomed home in the same way that maybe they should have been. So because of the you people that were not in favor of the war and everything forgetting that the veterans were just doing their you know doing their duty literally. So it is nice to certainly nice to have some a couple friends whose dad served in Vietnam and uh yeah for sure it's good to good to thank them and welcome them home. It's very nice. Anyway, super cool. I'm glad I get to show the retreat sometimes cuz usually I don't start until 6:00 so I miss it. I understand why they do it at 5:00 because obviously during the winter months it gets dark at like 5:30 so they need to have it down by then and probably easier just not to change the time because in the summer the sun doesn't set until >> you know 8 8:30 sometimes so they technically could do this retreat at like 8:00 and they'd be fine but probably easier just to keep it the same. Okay. >> So, this has been super fun. I'm glad you guys are here. >> I didn't end up starting as early as I thought, but it worked out perfectly. Anyway, hi. your Huh? Ah, gorgeous day in the parks. Indeed, it is. >> All right. So, do the tea party here. >> Yeah, we'll probably go ahead and do the speedway. I think that's probably going to be a better option. And I apologize for today if I haven't. Oh, the burger smoking over here at Cosmic Race. I apologize if I haven't read all the chat. It's It's harder when it's very bright because it's bright on the screen. So that's why I haven't read as much as I might when it's a little less sunny. All right, it says 10 minutes. Let's Let's do it. I am speed. That's right. Or at least 5 miles an hour speed. Over that you're you're on your own, but we can do 5 miles an hour for you. Stop. Take your foot off the road. Track police require that you keep at least one car length between you and the in front of you. Please do not stop on the track or pump any other cars. >> All right. Says Disney has the best food and drinks, rides, and hotels, fridge, resorts, all the things, right? Hey, Mr. faster. Yeah, I can see the uh the exhaust from the cosmic ray blowing across the street and I'm like, "Yeah, that's why it smells so good right now. Gracias. >> 5 miles per hour. Six or seven. Yeah. He just doesn't like us. You know that's not true. Attention. >> Hey, Max. >> Oh, wow. Amy's got some cool ancestors. I've done some of that, too. My grandfather traced us back to Charlemagne, which is kind of cool. That's a That's a weird flex, right? Some of those weird weird flex, bro. But yeah, it is fun, but it is cool to see family history. And then I I use some of those other genealogy apps and who knows how reliable they are, but it's kind of cool to see. At least according to one of those apps, we were um related to a few kings. But it's easier. I mean, you know, it's like distantly, but it's easier to uh trace your lineage back if you can find royalty somewhere. And then once you can find the royalty, then you can go all the way back because they really they work hard to trace the genealogy of the royal families. And of course, who knows how accurate it was, but >> we did a family tree. It went back to the 1600s. Nice. >> My mom's side's the one that goes back so far. >> That side goes back into the 1700s and then it then you lose it. See your seat belt. Keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the car. Just take your >> I'm related to a god named Log. >> Wow. What does that make you a demigod? Francis Scott Key. Whoa, Amy, that is cool. I missed that part. Super cool. Liam Liam learned about that at school the other day and he was telling me the story of it and I had forgotten some of it. So, it's cool to hear his uh much more detailed version than I could remember. He's so smart. My last name is well to do in my country of origin. I'm a big deal. Your last name of budgeting. Sorry, I had to. Yes, I can see why budgeting would be uh wellto-d do people. If you budget well, then you um you know have more money. Yes, the budgeting family has gone back for years. They are some of the wealthiest in town. I know that's not your actual last name. I'm just being silly. Oh, wow. Plymouth Rocket. I'm so sorry. >> But it's the middle name. Nice. Danger is my middle name. So one Oh, that is super cool that you know that, Amy. How how fun. This is where it gets dubious though because some of those apps I can't remember the name of it, but you can just keep going back and some of the connections are a little dubious because I looked up online. Um Oh, ouch. And I also asked TBT, you know, to see if that would be a a logical line. And they said, "Yeah, you're you're tracing back to the uh the monarchs is is pretty reliable because records were kept pretty well in a royal bloodline, but beyond the royal bloodline, there's some dubious work that somehow gets some of these royal bloodlines all the way back to Adam and Eve." And it's like a little Yeah. a little questionable. So they don't know, you know, obviously nobody I don't think anybody really can prove that. But technically, if you get on the right website, you can and you find the right bloodline, you can go all the way back to the beginning. But kind of a uh probably some missing pieces in there somewhere. Was it magic looking for you? But I had to leave. It's way too crowded. Oh, sorry. We missed you. All right. Name the car color. Related to a lot of lords and ladies. Yeah. If you can find a lord or lady in your past, you can usually link up to a king somewhere. And again, those were pretty pretty reliable, at least back through the 1600s or so. Even a little further than that. Way back to the 1200s, I think it was pretty pretty accurate. Wow. cuz he's going flat. You have records on your mom's side? Yeah, my grandfather did a lot of it, too. So, actually, I think my my uncle has it. the work that he did way before, you know, apps and websites. He did a lot of libraries and things like that. He did find some dead ends where um a courthouse burned down or something like that, which is unfortunate. The 1200s it gets sketchy. Yeah, exactly. Cuz people didn't really weren't that worried about riding stuff down. They were more worried about, you know, surviving to the next day. Even in the royal families yellow car you're related to Thor and Loki. Nice that Loki I'm telling you. Number five. A lot of people guessing. I'm going to see who's right. Yeah, the cars have been refurbished at some point. Refurbished, repainted, you know. There we go. Next one is ours. Oh, no. Not not the next one. This one. And the answer is red and white. IU colors. Nice. Red and white. Yes, this part of the screen is sponsored by Brakes and Stratton. You can hear that, can't you? I mean, you can really hear that's the motor. Reminds you of a lawn. Like that. Sounds like an old snapper. You know those old snapper lawnmowers? They all have bricks on Stratton. And they all um they all sounded exactly like this. All right, let me put my backpack down. Buckle up. The one-handed buckle is something that all streamers have to figure out. You guys guess red. Nice bumping down and go. Find your gun. Oh, this is a nice one. It got a nice sound to it. There's something satisfying about those old motors. There's the bricks or you know, these are not old, but old style. They just they sound like they sound very confident. You know, it's like you know it's going to work. It's just they're so simple mechanically. They just work. I mean, obviously they have to be fixed from time to time, but pretty reliable, which is why they've kept the same design over the years or similar. Yep, I got it on the floor. I can't now. I got to slow down a little bit. That's slower traffic ahead. This is a selfie going wrong over here like back and forth. You got to hit the gas when you're in the tunnel. That's the fun part. Yeah, the brakes are now to Indie for sure. I believe it used to be called the uh the Indie Speedway. I walked on those bricks. I took a tour cuz it was fun. They take you in a little van and they let you ride around the track and then they let you get out at the, you know, at the bricks. You get to do one lap and then they tell you how many how many seconds it takes for the cars on the I don't know is it a minute or less seconds I don't for the cars on the Indie to make a lap. I think it's 2 and 1/2 miles or like maybe 1 minute or something to make a lap. Little over a minute maybe if they're going 200 and something. That noise is reminds me of throttling up the lawn mower and you're like, "Yeah, here we go." You know, cuz you got the lawn mower on the, you know, you kind of got it at idle. You're driving it out and you're like, "Okay, I'm going to kick the blade on. Let me throttle up." And it's like, you're like, "Yeah, here we go." It's just exciting. I don't know why. I'm going to start making Tim the Toolman Taylor noises pretty soon. Yeah, the Disneyland Disneyland ones are really cool. These are fine and they're nice and they're still fun. I do wish we had more like track to drive around. >> Yeah, we have four lanes here. They have four lanes there, too. They just weave around more. Yeah, they're 100% lawn mower motors or at least very similar. I don't know. They might have been somewhat custom made for these cars. I have no idea, but I doubt they changed very much. Kevin's got it. Oh, bye, Adventure Le. Have a great weekend. I've seen people get out here and like, "No, no, no, no. You can't get out right here. You got to wait till you get to the unloading area. I can work on those. I've repaired a few mowers. My dad can, too. Small engine repair. He used to do some auto mechanics and small engine repair. No, not staying for the fireworks tonight. I'm going to probably wrap it up here pretty soon. Let's go get some food. I'm going to head over I think to Disney Springs to get some uh video legs are not as strong as they used to be. Best way to get out of there is to grab the handlebar and pull yourself out. >> Oh, thanks, U Susan. And I'm glad we were able to do that for you guys and with you guys. Yeah, we did the we did the um fireworks last night. >> It's fine. No worries. My friend had a homemade go-kart. Had an old 60s lawn mower engine. That's how you do it. That's how you do it. Yeah. You get a old lawn mower motor and put it in there and go for it. Now, I wonder, here's my question. If you had a car like that and you you remove obviously these have governors on them. You remove the governor. I wonder how fast it would actually go. They probably get it up to 15 or 20 easily. Maybe 25 depending. A lot of those little one or two cylinder engines like they have on mopeds, they top out around those mopeds used to top around around 25 30. You guys remember the spree? I was one of one. My mom and dad were like no. Number one, they were expensive, but number two, obviously dangerous. So, they were like, why would we pay a lot of money for the thing that's dangerous that you know, not a good plan? People mover once more before you go. I guess I could twist my arm. Excuse me. Excuse me, buddy. >> You think 18 miles an hour? 88. They're going to break the 88 mph barrier, but 18. Yeah, it could be. I think you could probably get them to at least 20, maybe 25 down the hill. It probably would depend on the, you know, horsepower, of course, of the motor and uh obviously and the the gearing, but you could probably gear it up to get it to go a little faster. Obviously, if it had any kind of a transmission like a like a motorcycle or like a four-wheeler, it would go faster with the transmission. >> Like if it had transmission with multiple gears, I don't know. It just would be fun to see how fast one of those could go. Obviously, they have go-karts that people race. One of my friends race go-karts in Indiana, I used to go to his race and I was the one race I went to. I two races. One of them I went to, he won and it was so exciting. like he came from behind and we were my his dad and I were standing there were like yelling like go go go cuz he's like passing everybody. He was kind of behind. We're like ah it's too bad you know he didn't get a good start such and such you know but his cart was just really running well and he was he was also we were watching he was driving like making really smart moves you know he was really maximizing every opportunity he had and he was taking the corners almost you know wheels in the air you know and he was really really hitting it and he he passed and he got all the way to first and he won. I was like, "Man, that's awesome." He's like, "Awesome. Let's, you know, his dad was like, "Cool. Let's go home. Let's get out of here. That's awesome. We're going to go celebrate. We're going to go out to dinner, you know, and have a good time." And, you know, all that kind of We got pictures and stuff. We actually had did have a camera. Got pictures of of him and I and his dad and with the cart and everything. It was fun. But then at the end, he um we were about to leave. He would get it loaded up in the car and some guy comes up and says, "Wait a minute." Like, "What?" And it was like, um, we've had accusations that you guys are cheating, so we got to tear your cart down and check the um check the engine and make sure there's no illegal modifications inside the engine or any of the rest of the cart. And um, we were there for I it was I think it was an hour and a half, 2 hours, and then I think they made them put it back together. I think they only took it apart, and I think it was maybe 45 minutes for them to tear it down or maybe an hour. And then we had the reason the rest of it was we had to stay and put it back together. And it was like, man, somebody was the one who got second place was mad. And I thought, boy, they got some kind of rule about that. That was crazy. It's like a beautiful afternoon living vicariously through here from Ontario, Canada. Nice. But yeah, it was it was really not good. And luckily they they they tore him down. He was fine. There were no problems. They said, "Yep, you're clear." But then they just left it there. And turned around and looked at his dad. I was like, "Wait, they're just going to leave it?" He goes, "Yep, that's what they do." And his dad, you know, looked at me. He's like, "You hand me the will you hand me the socket wrench?" I'm like, "Yes, sir. All right, here we go." >> So, we all three helped, you know, as much as we could. His dad, of course, was the one who really knew how to put it together, but we helped as much as we could. We might as well. Why not? and then we'll go eat. $10 from Shannon. I started watching this channel in uh 2019. I met you and Jenna the same year. It was the first channel I ever subscribed to and still my most watched channel. Love what you both do. Thank you. And yes, this is the third Pepe River ride, but thank you Shannon. Um so it was you guys's idea in my defense. >> Your lighting is fantastic. Thanks. I think it'll be a nice ride. You see the water? My older brother bought a moped from a neighbor that turned out to be hot at the high school football game. It came out and it was gone. The real owner reclaimed it. Wow. That's Yeah. You know, you don't ever underestimate. That's why I never buy anything from Facebook Marketplace cuz you look like I looked at a couple like graphics cards on there and I was like, "Oh, I could get a such and such and I'm like wonder why it's half the price of the other ones." Yeah, there's a reason for that. Either it doesn't work, not real, or like it's stolen cuz otherwise it's going to be market price just like everything else. As the old saying, man, if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. >> That happens a lot. And you were right. That's how it works. Isn't that crazy? So, you could just cuz you're mad that you didn't win, you could just accuse cheating and then that basically is you're able to spite maybe your rival or something by making them stay late at the race and put their take their card apart. I guess in the indie car circuit, you know, it's a little more professional. They they I think they inspect all the cars before the race. So then there's no like nobody can make an accusation because there's a from what I understand isn't it right on the the NASCAR and Indie Car they they professionally or you know they have a third party inspector for all those make sure they all follow the rules. Hello from Australia. Hello. Welcome in. So glad to have you guys along for the ride today. Everything. pretty much Okay, guys. Oh, wow. How cool. >> Somebody sent me this service around. >> Oh, cool. Let me save that for later. Heat. Heat. Oh, it's morning. Yeah, that's right. It would be morning in Australia. I always forget that. Good morning. The sun comes up for you guys. It's going down for us. Totally makes sense. I was thinking of Epcot as ' 80s, but it must been designed in the 70s. Yeah. But there's a lot of similarity between the 70s and ' 80s. >> You know, in some ways, of course. Are you okay? We're about to go. >> Oh, you're you're good. Motorized don't allow video and stream. Um, here you just have to have special equipment to video them. Yeah. No, and I don't mean that the 70s and ' 80s were the same in in music or anything else with style, but just in the design and architecture, there was a lot of bleed over from the late '7s, early ' 80s. It's just like uh I talk about with music history, like there's not a moment where everybody wakes up and says it's the '8s, everything's different now. There's a, you know, it's a gradual shift for the most part. So, >> so here there's not any you just have to have like a GoPro to stream Tron or Space Mountain or stuff like that. But there it's >> at Universal you can't stream anything. >> Hello Oh dear. >> No, I'm not staying for fireworks tonight. which will open and close on your journey. Attention travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. Hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. and please supervise you on your stay clear of the doors which will open and come over. We'll give you inside behind. My friend, let's ride backwards. We're in the back. We're going to ride backwards. Here we go. >> I know the babies are cute. >> Remain seated at all times. Keeping hands, arms, feet. >> You enjoyed the Tuesday stream? Me, too. It was fun. >> Inside your car, and please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors, which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. Please step carefully onto the moving platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. >> This is the TTA blue line stop service around Tomorrowland. Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover. Track 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see Tomorrowland. My stars, is there ever lots to see? Spacecraft to monster labs. There's really nothing like today and tomorrow. >> For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders. Transfer to Green and Red Lines. Attention travelers. Your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. We'll >> stop. Make sure that the castle's right on the line there. We can't see. Nope. Why in the world is there lag? Weird. >> There should be no lag. Attention to all people passengers. For your safety, please remain seated to keep your hands, arms, feet and legs inside the vehicle at all times. Regular show will begin immediately. Vehicle won't be very clear. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny Orac. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except actual stars, those are no longer. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Life Cycle Run. Attention travelers. Your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. >> Maybe this wasn't a good idea. Sorry. It's still beautiful. Maybe I can order my food while I'm waiting. Stay away. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Attention all visitors from Galaxy. This is Starport 75 or as we locals call it space, our high rocket port to distant deep space destinations. and the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral rooms of Pisces 7. New H2 owe it to yourself. Do it today. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Aging Mr. Marorrow, Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all restoration clear vehicles. Thank you. >> To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. As usual, we'll keep moving ahead. And so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. I can hear you. Hallelujah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. this show. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has here to come full orbit. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. Any Attention travelers. So close. >> Your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. Heat. Heat. The sun on Space Mountain is nice. Attention all over passengers. For your safety, please remain seated. You begin to lend the right angle at all times. Beautiful man. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Please keep arms, antenny, and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and titty and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the guard. Thank you. Please keep arms and interior and other away from the doors. Oh, so fun. What a great day. All right. Well, we do need to thank our sponsors and we also need to uh send you guys over to the 24/7 channel so you can keep the magic going. So again, if you're not familiar, I have a 24-hour channel that plays relaxing strolls from all around the parks, all the parks, and some of the resorts. So if you want to check that out, we would appreciate it. And I'll send you over there. And you can, not only that, you can uh go subscribe over there. It's totally free, free, free, free. So go check it out. All right. >> So, definitely check out um mickeyras.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning. That's mickeytras.com to book your next trip right here at Walt Disney World. It's mickeyras.com. We also have um mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. So mickeyras.com and mickeyblog.com. Go check them out. And we also have resort tv1homes.com. Again, that's resorttv1homes.com. Um where we've got uh you can find your dream home here in Central Florida right here on resorts.com. We also have a YouTube channel you can check out. There's not as many new videos on it, but there are still videos on it, so you can check those out if you want to. So, resort tv1homes.com, brokered by EXP Realy. So, resort tv1homes.com. We also have David's DBC Rentals. DBCrequest.com/tv. That's dbcrequest.com/tv. If you want to rent a DBC room for a fraction of the cost, check out David's DVC rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. Hey, so I'm ordering dinner, so I'm not even paying attention. >> Oh, no. You're not. >> All right. Yeah, good. >> It's a warm one today. >> So, after the parade, I I went and I I went and washed it again in front of the castle and I was like pretty hot and um then I came up here and I hooked it all the way up the ramp. I was like, "Okay, wait a minute. Little lightheaded." It was like, you know, >> it's crazy cuz like tomorrow we're 75 and then we're back to 60 and it's like >> 30 something one morning or whatnot. That's Florida, man. So, I got weather whiplash. >> I know. I think people are like, "What's it like during Christmas? It's either 90 or 40." >> Yeah. Yeah. No, it's like I tell everybody, "Bring everything. Bring the whole suitcase." >> We don't know until summer. Then we It's hot >> and it's going to rain. >> We promise it'll be hot in the summer and it'll rain a lot. That's definitely a definite >> The only weather we know. >> It's like we used to say, that's a >> down on the way down. >> Both Both ramps are down. >> Yeah. I don't know why the down usually the up one is is not working, but >> No. >> I used to say that's a definite possibility. Sorry. Temporarily my favorite. >> Yeah, >> but that's escalator. >> What's that? >> When you ever walk up to an escalator that's not operating. Yes. >> Sorry. Temporarily stairs. >> Oh, right. >> This is just temporarily ramp like ready here or >> No, I'm doing Harbor House, but I was just I was like reading the sponsors and like like doing all the things and trying not to pass out. No, I'm actually fine. I just didn't have lunch, so I'm like a little hungry. But everybody say hi to Ron here. I know. I logged out. >> He's not He's He's not going. He's stay He's staying still right now. >> Stationary Ron. >> No, it's good. So, >> it's already dropped almost 10°. >> Yeah. What is it now? 83. Yeah. >> Yeah. It feels amazing right now. That's why I'm going to >> I actually I want to do an afternoon cuz I have like I don't have enough uh um nighttime footage. I'm always streaming at night >> and I realized on my 24/7 thing that it's like it's like like the same nighttime stuff over and over. I'm like, "Let me get some more nighttime stuff tonight. I'm going to film some of that fun stuff." >> Yeah, cuz if you Yeah. No, I get like all my photos. I go through them like I can't use that on daytime or like animals the worst for me. Oh, yeah. >> No, we none of us go there as much because it's >> hours. >> Hours. Yeah. Not as much to do. No nighttime entertainment. >> It's like >> Yeah. when they close at 6:00. Uh we actually one of these days we were going to go there and like just start the stream at 6:00 and then like like well park's closed. Have a great day everybody >> staring at the tree and let's go. >> Yeah, we go shop for a little bit and then we're done. >> All right. Well, hey, it's good to see you on the mover. >> Enjoy the people mover. It's stopping a lot. Fair warning. >> Enjoy your channel. >> Oh, thank you. I appreciate that. >> Thank you. What's your name? >> Bruce. Nice to meet you, Bruce. Okay. >> We watch We watch your uh you and your sister. >> Oh, I appreciate that. >> Y'all do a really good job. >> Thank you. >> I just brought my whole family out. >> This your family. >> Thank you for joining. >> Of course. It's our pleasure. I'm glad you got to bring everybody down. >> Well, I appreciate what you do. >> Of course. You have a good vacation. >> All right. Well, I think that's about all she wrote. Thanks for joining us. This was super fun. Hi. Hello. >> I love it. It was a great day. And now now it's like Ron said, it's beautiful. Literally, just that sun going down does all the makes all the difference. It's not summer humid yet, so you get a little bit of that. All right. Anyh who, um there won't be any stream tomorrow. Jenna's going to be getting back. I'm not streaming. I'm uh you know, family time. Liam and I are building a a recctor set tomorrow. So, that's going to be fun. and also um couple odds and ends, family stuff, clean up, all you know how it is. Sunday's the day to get ready for the week. But also Monday, Jenna will probably be live as long as she, you know, feels good. Hopefully she does. Uh not saying she's under the weather. I'm just saying sometimes you come back from a vacation and you're um as long as she feels up to it, she'll be streaming. Tuesday, I'll be live for Tranquil Tuesday. Got to figure out where we're going to go. Uh here's a nighttime view of the dry moat. I don't know. >> Tuesday, >> might do Epcot. >> Might do uh >> Hollywood Studios maybe. I don't know. We'll see. Either way, thanks everybody. We will see you on Tuesday. >> Go over and check out the 247 channel. All right. >> Yeah. Go check out 24/7. We're going to send you guys over there. The party doesn't stop. You can keep chatting with all of your friends all the time >> all night long. There's not usually like people in there overnight, but you never know. There might be somebody else awake, so it's always worth coming in the chat and saying, "Hey, anybody awake?" because sometimes somebody is. So, I'm going to say goodbye to you in front of the castle here because I'm heading to Harbor House. So, have a great night everybody. I'm going push my button for my food is ready. Uh let's see what other what other sponsors do we have? Uh Davis DVC Rentals, dbcrequest.com/tv. Go check them out. If you want to uh book a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, check them out. We also have um we also have let's see oh uh Behind the Ride on uh on Amazon. Behind the Ride on Amazon. It's a great book all about how um how your favorite rides were created. So go check it out. Behind the Ride on Amazon. Also, Disney Demystified on Amazon that has an audio book now. So, go check that out as well. What else do we have? Dream Table. If you want to get all of the best and uh hardest to get reservations here at Walt Disney World, you can check out the Dream Table app on the app store. Go to the app store and search for Dreamtable. Go check it out. Again, Dreamtable. So, everybody go check out Dream Table. And Dreamtable, their website is dreamtable.co. And then dreamtable.co. Where's the other one? Uh We've got um oh uh layer 1 technology. Our friend Robert is here somewhere. So layer 1 technology, he's the guy that's in charge of that. And uh if you have IT needs for your small ormed medium business. Uh definitely talk to Robert and his team at layer 1 technology. Go to support layer onetone technology.com. That's support onetone techchnology.com. Thanks for staying with me everybody. Also, yeah, it's a thumbnail. I know. Isn't that nice? Let me get a picture. Thank you for the the reminder. It's a great shop. All right. Also, we have um thank you moppers for mopping and keeping the family keeping the stream family friendly. And then we also have all hoppers and resort hoppers. Everybody, thank you so much for being here. Uh we have platinum members. These are people that support us on YouTube with um $50 a month. So, they get a shout out every time. So, we appreciate platinum members. We appreciate all of our members, all of our Patreons. You know the drill. Our platinum members. There's Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Stephanie Mertz, Love Go Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, my crazy grown-up life, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jayla Moxy, Cicander Dani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you everybody. We'll see you on the 24-hour stream. Need a selfie here. Here we go. All right, got my dinosaur hat on if you missed that earlier. That's super fun. So, anyway, from a beautiful Magic Kingdom, it is now like 80 82 degrees or something. Uh, we'll see you on Tuesday. So, thanks everybody. Y'all are the best. Go watch some extra videos. Go uh have some more Disney magic. There's thousands of videos on our channel you can pick from. Go check them out or go to the 24-hour channel. Either way, we appreciate you. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. potato. Thank you. I miss everything.
