---
video_id: rZ5BTU8Smp0
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Tranquil Tuesday at Epcot - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 2-10-26"
published: 2026-02-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZ5BTU8Smp0
---
I know. I think I'm Look at you. Thank you. Thank you. I think I >> Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I am live for Tranquil Tuesday here at Epcot. Welcome in everybody. It's a beautiful night here in Central Florida and we're glad you can join us for Tranquil Tuesday. I see some people have some warm temperatures up north or warm and after what I experienced up north, close to zero. I understand how you feel. So, I'm glad you guys are warming up and we certainly are too. It was 80 when I drove over here, 79 on the way over. Right now, it is 71. So, really, really nice. Beautiful, beautiful evening. We're glad to see everybody here. And uh before it gets dark, let's check out some of the chalk art. It's really, really cool. >> That's a really nice one. >> I made major moves today for my move to Florida. That's awesome. Jenlin, good for you. Hello, awesomeness. Hello, Jim. Daryl, Miss Disney fan, Emara, especially Lesie, Plymouth Rock, Rita, Noel. Wow. BDF Johnny 30 in my part of mass. Oh gee, it was a little warmer, right? Hey Nia. Hey, if the sun comes out 30°, it can melt the snow a little bit. Doesn't take much when the sun comes out. >> Hey, bearded EPA. I'm glad it's warming up for you guys a little bit. I mean, warm being relative, but you know, hey, another 30° never hurt anybody. Well, depending on where it is, I guess. Resort TV1's an Alexa database. Wow, that's nice. Now, check this out over here real quick. The flowers for the Flower and Garden Festival are here. So, there you go. Amongst all the amazing artwork here, you also have Oh, you're fine. Also have flowers. Let me zoom in a little bit so y'all can see. >> Look at that. >> Oh yeah. From the >> We'll come back through here and see the see the uh chalk art. But look at that. Isn't that fun? So yeah, they've planted. They haven't got them all done yet. There's a little triangular spot that's not planted yet, but flower and garden festival is in bloom. So how fun is that? So cool. There you go. And Edwin Diaz just became a member. Thank you, Edwin. NYC just hit 30. Nice. I'm going to go back around here real quick. Yeah. Here, let me flip back around. So, they're they're over here as well, actually. Yeah. Flower and Garden Festival is in bloom. In progress, in bloom, however you want to say it, but it's there. So, that's nice. There. Let's come over here and see the flowers before it gets dark. Yes. And welcome, as Amara said, welcome to our Ninja watchers on team and those on team replay as well. Ninja watcher is somebody who doesn't pop in the chat, but they always watch. We appreciate you. But also, we encourage you to pick up a device and join the chat. You can make any username you want. If you want to, you know, make sure your name's not on the stream, um, that's fine. Or if you're not worried about it, that's fine, too. But yeah, come on, grab a device and say hi. I'm not guaranteeing I read every message because I obviously I can't, but I will guarantee that uh you can definitely talk to some awesome people in the chat here. But either way, check this out. The flowers are here. >> The flowers are here. Looking good. Let's get a real tight zoom here. >> Is indeed a beautiful night for a stroll. This is what it looks like in February. And I I'm sure what they realized was the freezes are over, so they can go ahead and plant these and not worry about having to replace them all cuz it got down in the 40s last night. But not bad at all. Our air conditioning was running most of the day today. So, let's head back over here and we can see one more look at the flowers as well as the artwork. >> Oh, yeah. You didn't see it. We got all these picture spots here. >> If you watched, I posted a relaxing stroll on the uh 24/7 channel. I didn't post it on here cuz I've had a lot of stuff going on with the Resort TV1 channel, but uh go over there, Resort TV 24/7, and check out the stroll. It was a really cool stroll. I got to see the penguins and Mary Poppin and all kinds of things. And I got to see um the Dapper Dans and I got to see um Grayson play and all kinds of stuff. Here's some still life. Warmed up to 55 in playing field. Not bad. Not bad. There you go, Seth. Yeah, you can you can come down to the festival if you're able to save up the money. That's for sure. New jobs are good as long as they >> as long as it's something that you feel like you want to do. >> Oh, that's really nice. >> That's really nice with the Na'vi there. How fun. >> I love the color. >> A lot of shading. Different. >> Wow. >> It just looks very uh >> looks almost like it was printed there. How fun. or both. >> You're loving all the shorts. Good, Pixie Dust Singers. I'm glad. Thank you. Well, I've been trying. The YouTube algorithm still doesn't like us very much, but hey, there's one way to one way to figure it out. That looks like a a Gustaf Climpmp. Look at me being cultured. It is. It's a Gustaf Climpmp painting. That is I learned that from watching Rick Steves. There you go. Here. Wait. Here. I'll show you the original. >> That's fun. >> Oh, man. >> Let's see. You can buy it at Target here. So, there's the painting. >> Wow, that's really good. Check that out. Except for with the Mickey's around it. How cool. >> See, I know stuff. >> I mean, it's Target, but like it was just the best picture. Either way, there it is. >> I mean, it's on eBay, but you get the point. It's a print. That's fun. All right. There's another Na'vi. And here's Lord Vader. Darth Vader. >> A medic. There's another channel out there using your name. Yeah, it's Resort TV12. That's That's my channel. You posted that in the chat there, too. And uh some one of the moppers already told you it was my channel, but thank you for looking out for me. That is my channel. That's why I was just talking about it just now. Beautiful day in Indiana. Nice. Yeah, that Resort TV 24/7 is mine. I made that. So, I'm allowed to use my own videos on that. And Mara just posted the link to it. Isn't that cool? >> He's about to force choke somebody. Resort TV wants the original. Yes. >> But yeah, I've been posting more relaxing strolls on the 24/7 channel >> just cuz it fits with that really well, I think. Thanks, Cardboard Box. Oh, I love Stitch in a football helmet. That's fun. >> How fun. >> I am a multitasker. You told me that Mickey football renamed his ch his company Resort TV consulting. How funny. Second one, right? >> It tells like what what artist they're um showing or imitating there on that. I like to play 24/7 channels. I get ready for work in the morning. Nice. Well, good news for everybody. Hold on. Let me get done with this first. I don't want to step on anything. There we go. Good news. Oh, wow. Look at the Hercules art here. >> That's fun. So, good news is that I will be uh posting the ride, the 24-hour ride stream pretty soon. I've actually been working on it and I'm almost done with it. Well, not almost done, but I've got a good start on it. There's another look at the uh flowers. That is very cool. >> So, Flower and Garden Festival is in full bloom. >> Hi. How are you? >> Good. True. >> Nice to meet you. >> Got something to give you. >> Oh, yeah. Here, let me zoom out here so I can I'm not making everybody sick. What What have you got? >> This is a reward for you for doing what you do for us. >> Okay. as a cast member from 1989. >> Want you to have this. >> Thank you. >> It's only given to the cast members. >> Wow. This is something that they gave you personally. >> Yeah. >> Wow. Well, you don't have to do to give that to me. Are you sure? >> That is so cool. Well, first of all, can you want to say hi on the stream? >> This is Troy. He actually had emailed me about having something really special to give me, and I'm going to show you guys on the stream what he gave me. But first of all, thank you. >> Thank you for what you do. A well, can you tell everybody about a little bit about when when did you work here? >> I started here in about 1987. >> Okay. >> And uh started in buses. And you don't know where you're going to work when you came back then, >> right? >> It was changed a lot since then, but uh you came in the work your your training was just jump riding the bus and they started training right away. >> Wow. >> The old RTS's buses. >> Yes, I remember those. I even had the old twin coaches back then. >> Oh yeah. >> Yeah. >> How fun. And so then you worked mostly bus or did you do some other things too? >> Well, I crossed over to transportation, you know, Montreal. >> Montreals. Oh, >> so did you you pilot a Montreal? >> How fun. Yeah. >> These were probably new things, >> actually. I was going to say, yeah, they they did they they got these out in the early '9s. So, >> they had to raise they had to raise the platforms just to accommodate. >> Did they high? >> I actually didn't know that. Okay. Yeah, >> I always wonder why the platforms are not even with the with the floor so that they wouldn't have to do the ramps for the wheelchairs. But I don't know, maybe you know >> why they don't do them with but because they raised probably. >> Oh, so it raised it to the point where they still needed to um have a little bit more for the Montreal. >> I What were they Mark sevens or Mark 5? >> I think these are Mark 6 maybe. I don't know. You guys in the chat probably know. That was really cool. We're trying to bump Montreal and one just came right by. >> Well, I was busy. We had he had about 200 drivers back then and about >> bus or so. >> It changed a lot since >> Oh, for sure. >> 30 years. >> Did he really? >> Started out in Magic Kingdom animatronics house. >> How cool. >> Over there in that area and pirates started in ' 82 over 30 years. >> I bet he could tell some stories about some of the cool stuff. They used to talk about some of the stuff the presidents had in their pockets that was like authentic to what they might have actually had. Like somebody said, I don't know, one of the one of the presidents had a stop had a pocket watch very similar to what the real president would have had back in the day or something. So, it's pretty cool. So, here, let me show this coin that that Troy gave me here. This is a special edition. Let me do this so I don't drop it here. Uh, this is for MZM Studios. Now, were you working there at the time when you got it? >> Yeah. Well, no, I worked in buses and we worked all over at the time. We worked for TDC. Oh, but they gave they gave different ones for different parts >> only for the cast members. Yeah, that's only cast members got there. There's a few maybe out there on eBay, but only the cast members of that time got them. >> So, and this is May 1989, which is the year that the Hollywood or the what do you call MGM Studios opened? >> That's right. >> That is so cool. Well, I really appreciate that. I almost feel bad taking it from you because it seems like a one of a kind thing. My mom worked there, my dad worked here, my my wife, I met her here, transportation to us back in 1989. >> That is so cool. >> So, somebody said the original ones were Mark 4. So, what are the ones we have now? Maybe they're Mark Five, I think, then. >> Yeah, the originals were four because the first three were at Disneyland. I believe one, two, and three were at Disneyland. >> That's right. >> And the original ones you probably remember, they all had they had all the doors the cast members had to close. >> Yes. >> I remember when I was uh younger. >> Yeah. Here, the ones they had first ones had here. And then it was just uh bench seats on them. Hey, how are you? >> That is so cool. Well, thank you again so much. Let me let me uh I'm going to put this in a safe place and I'm going to shake your hand. I really appreciate it. >> Here, get some. >> Oh, no. Come on. Cheers. >> Oh my gosh. Something to drink or snack or something. >> Oh, thank you so much. Wow. I really appreciate that. I'll put that to good use. Maybe grab a cookie or something later. Thank you, sir. You You uh really It means a lot. Seriously. Anytime somebody gives me something like that as one of a kind, it just I don't know. It's very humbling. So, thank you >> until >> I will tell everybody. >> Thanks, Troy. >> Yeah. Do you remember the doors? The the doors like that they would close and they would um the doors would close or the cast members would need to close the doors and then they also had to close and open the gates. There was like the cattle gates to get people on and off, which they still have those same gates at Epcot, but they don't have them in um they don't have them in uh >> they actually don't have them uh in Magic or anywhere else. So Oh, I see. They're uh >> Oh, that's fun. >> So, apparently you can look it looks like you're arm wrestling. >> I don't know here. I don't want to I don't want to wait in the line, but but yeah, that's that's cool. >> So, this basically the idea is you're you're arm wrestling with um with Hercules there. >> And I lost the uh I lost the Pegasus. Is this just name Pegasus? I can't remember his name. Yeah, I can't remember his name. I don't know. >> Pegasus. >> All right. Well, we're going to go ride some stuff. I just wanted before it got dark, I wanted to show all the cool stuff outside. All right. Well, let's see. I am just so happy that it's like so incredibly incredibly warm and wonderful out here tonight. Why are we We're kind of Hold on. We're a little bit We're a little tilty on the stream here. Let me find a good spot over here to pull off and not be in front of somebody and then I'm going to uh There we go. I'm going to reorient the gimbal. Pegasus. Okay, it's just Pegasus. Thank you. I was wondering. Let's see. How do I >> Yeah, we are decidedly tilty today. That is frustrating. Let me see. Hold on just a second. I'm going to fix you guys. Let's do it this way. There we go. Oops. Hold on. I got this maybe uh right there. Okay, these gimbals are so temperamental sometimes. Although we are pretty hard on them. I don't think they meant for them to be used as many hours as these are. But I've got two extra ones of this same kind. So >> I know tilt, right? All right. So >> there we go. Pegasus is super unique name. Yeah. Well, you know, same call the unicorns unicorns called the bear bear. >> It's like Splash Mountain Bear. Brar Fox is basically mean brother Bear. Brother Fox. We're going to go ride Spaceship Earth. I always have to say it carefully cuz I end up saying Space Mountain a lot of times. Yeah, definitely the gimbal's going to need to be um calibrated here pretty soon. >> No, it's so nice when people I don't know just make a gift like that. Like it's very humbling for sure. Let me fix it one more time. Uh this way. There we go. All right, we got this. >> That's better. >> Is had the gimbal's having a tough day. It's fine. We all have We all have hard days. Cheer up, buddy. It's It's warm outside. Spaceship birth. Every time David did it, too. Every time you say that spaceship earth into Siri, it literally or into like voice. Hey, how are you? Good. How are you? >> Good. The it always thinks it's a spaceship birth because uh voice dictation is is bad. Have you guys noticed the voice dictation just gets worse? It's so bad. >> Okay. No, it's getting Okay, we're tilty again. I'm going to have to I need to find a spot and uh a flat spot and uh calibrate the gimbal. It's literally getting worse as we walk. Oh, thanks, Mega Byron. I appreciate it. He says, "People appreciate what you do." Well, I appreciate people appreciating what I do. No, seriously, I do. It's very, very kind. I really appreciate it. Let me grab a I need a tripod to calibrate this thing. If I had a little like BRB that said, "Technical difficulties, please stand by." I would do that while we did all this calibration. And we could do all the elevator music. Like we do exactly like that. See? That's what we would do. Yeah. I know. I notice when it starts tilting just when I like point it in different directions, I notice that that it needs help. All right. Here we go. Give me a second. I got to pull up uh the MOSA app. All right. So, I'm going to calibrate it from my iPhone. Okay. It's connected. All right. Calibrate. Yes. Calibrating. Calibrated. Please restart the gimbal. Don't mind if I do. There we go. All right. Looks like we're about to get a show. >> All right, let's just enjoy the show. I don't know. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. All right. One is two. away. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. All right. Well, yeah, the bass was really good right here. That's why I just kept standing here. I think actually I think one of these like in one of these little rocks or something is one of the subwoofers there. So, that's cool. >> All right. So, um Jane says she's new to the chat. So, welcome Jane to the chat for the first time. said, "You usually watch some tape." Now I'm chatting. YouTube's been bad for the last couple days. Sucky. Yes, sometimes it is with the algorithms and all that kind of stuff. Who knows? >> Who knows? But uh we're trying some things. Said, "I've been trying to post some clips." Um because uh one of the things I read was like if you do long live streams, a lot of times a firsttime viewer might not click on it cuz they don't know what is an Epcot live stream, what is a Tranquil Tuesday, what is this, what is that? And a lot of people just might not click on it because they don't know what it is. So having a clip might pull people in. Like the one I posted today, I posted a castle painting update. Well, pretty obvious what that is. And a lot of people might be interested in seeing castle painting, which isn't going hasn't gone that far yet, but yeah, that's right. Corbox. Very inspiring. All right. It is kind of hard to see. Uh oh, it's lagging. No. Um, we're not lagging here. So that might be your connection there. Are you excited to see Luminous? Yeah, it's a good one. It's a good one. Hey, Ben. Hey, Phil Collins. >> Hey, Charger Principal. Yeah, happy Tranquil Tuesday. But anyway, that's something I was I was thinking about, too. It's like a lot of people might not know what a Tranquil Tuesday is. So, maybe we we we got to figure out a way to uh make it more accessible for new viewers. Tranquility base here. The eagle has landed. All right, let's see. Are we ready? Let's go on spaceship earth. Now, next week, my uh AT&amp;T connection's going to be done. So, this will be a little harder for sure, >> but that's okay. My friend, it's >> all right. Bye friends. >> Thank you. I don't like your >> Just saw you filming the light. We were resting. Nice. >> That's right. He could have said hi. >> Uh Kevin Kevin just sent $5 on PayPal. Thank the Phoenicians for me, please. Yeah, thanks Kevin. >> Well, PayPal is a very good way to support us if you ever want to because uh we get 90% of the PayPal to keep for making the stream better and helping out our family. So, it's paypal.me/resorttv1. Again, paypal.me/resorttv1. me/ resort TV1. >> I think it just must be stopped. That's why it's not moving right now. It didn't look like that bad of a wait and then it like all of a sudden just went right outside. So, >> no basement at the Alamo. Hello, Big Orange. >> Dr. Jesus PhD. Nice. About time to make a cup of coffee. Sure. Russell gifted one membership. Thanks to Phil Collins. Thanks, Russell. Thanks, Phil Collins. Appreciate that. All right. Thanks, Russell. >> It's a little reflecty. It's a reflection reflecty. Not a lot of green space seems to be having a stopping problem. >> It must be David. >> That was funny cuz the line was >> the line is uh was fine just a second ago and then it got much longer. >> Looks like it's moving now. That's the problem with the rides when they need to stop for whatever reason. It um kind of kills the efficiency of it. >> Yeah. >> So for sometimes you just have to stop for whatever reason where whether it's a mechanical issue or whether it's like a unloading and unloading things or people or wheelchairs or who knows. So but yeah, that was a longer stop than what would normally be. So, >> hey, Elizabeth. Still says 5 minutes. Yeah, it still says 5 minutes here at the gate, but the cast member just said it was more like 10 if you're getting in line now cuz it's a little further out the out the uh gate there. >> Oh, you're having Culver's customer. Yeah. It's my wife's favorite. >> I like it, too. Hi, how are you? >> Good. >> Thank you. Appreciate that. I had like >> guys having fun. >> Excellent. Have fun. >> David, I remember seeing the rolls of film across the way and having mom and dad, you know, rightfully so, tell us we're not buying rolls of film here because it's like twice as expensive as just buying it at Walmart. But I obviously they got you, you know, kind of captive audience there because uh people might have not brought enough film along or whatever. Well, and sometimes too, um, you know, you can't take it through the airline security thing. It would, uh, it would mess up the film as far as I know. So, that was another thing to think about. >> Oh, wow. Brad, somebody got out. Oh, no. You can't do that. That is extremely unsafe for everybody. It ends up being unsafe for the cast members, too. Hi. >> Be sitt. >> Oh, this is the imagination one. >> How fun to see it from underneath. I love hearing that imagination music. >> That's from the uh work of art room. Turn this down just a little bit brightness- wise. or whatever the history of Yeah, the Walt from the work of art. It's one of my favorite pieces of uh Disney music. Watch your one of those places. Are you about to ask how I got that angle? Yeah. >> Yep. >> It's pretty cool. >> Sorry, we had a little lag. Hey, Kelly. Doors on your machine will close automatically. For your safety, remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the vehicle. And please watch The slide door machine for your safety. Remain seated with your hands or feet inside the vehicle and please watch your children. doors of your time. Please watch your children slowly and stop at all during your slow moving journey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. picture. Like a grand and miraculous, our plan to save time. And for a brief moment, we have been among its passengers. But where are we going? And what kind of future will we discover? Surprisingly, the answers lie in our past. Since the dawn of recorded history, we've been inventing the future one step at a time. So, let's travel back in time together. I'll show you how our ancestors created the world we know today. And then it will be your turn to create the world of tomorrow. Here in this hostile world of we are alone, struggling to survive until we learn to communicate with one another. Now we can hunt as a team and survive together. It takes 15,000 years to come up with the next bright idea. Recording our knowledge on cave walls. There was only one small problem. When we moved, the recorded knowledge stayed behind. Now, let's move ahead to ancient Egypt because something is about to happen here that will change the scripture forever. This unknown Egyptian pounding reads flag is inventing papyrus, a sort of paper. Papyrus in turn creates better record keeping of plans, designs and unfortunately taxes. But it also brings with it the dawn of great nations who trade with all of them have a solution. They create a simple common app adaptable to most languages. Remember how easy it was to learn your ABCs? I was like children and technology and high Thank you. With lessons learned from the Greeks, the Romans created power to meet their army around they all over the world. Rome built the first blood light and it's not our future. But then when it Rome, Rome falls and the great library of Alexandria in Egypt is burned. Much of our learning is destroyed, lost forever. Or so we think. It turns out there were copies of such books in the libraries of the Middle East. been watched over by Arab and Jewish soldiers. The first knockout system. The books are saved and with them are dreams of the future. >> In the meantime, here in Europe, you are geniusly recording books by hand. But that is about to change. the biggest. >> In 1450, Gutenberg invents the movable type printing press. Now knowledge can travel as fast as these new books. And travel they do. groups make it easier to invent the future in every team and the result is an incredible explosion of innovation called Heat. Hey, Heat. books. It seems just the beginning. Now, communication technology races headlong into the future. And soon, people all over the world are sharing life's most important moments faster than ever before. Heat. Heat. from the Atlantic to the Pacific. I believe in today we received word that nature in 1969. to somewhere else. To send a man to the moon, we had to invent a new language spoken not by hand, but by computers. At first, very large, very expensive computers, but we see the potential. What if everyone could have one of these amazing machines in their own house? But just some problem, they're as big as a house. The solution coming a garage in California. Young people with a passion for shaping the future put the power of the computer in everyone's hands. Together we form a super network that grows billions. Once again we stand upon the brink of a new renaissance. After 30,000 years of time travel, Here we are, a truly global community, poised to shape the future of this, our space. Earth, please remain seated. Time travelers, attention travelers, please remain seated. Your time machine is rotating backward for your return to Earth. In preparation for your return to Earth, your time machine is now rotating backward. Please remain seated. Attention, you are now rotating your return to Earth. Please remain seated on travel. Attention travelers, please remain seated. Attention. For the first time in history, all of us can ever say about the kind of world we want to live in. The choices we have made for the past 30,000 years have been inventing the future one day at a time. And now it's your turn. Let's have some fun. Let's have some fun creating the future, shall we? >> On your computer screen, answer a few questions for us. Then we'll show you a new world custom made just for you. Ready. I like the best driver. Well done. Well done. Now along with our let's add in some amazing new technology that we happen to know about. And now I just >> And now I believe your future is just about ready. Let's take a look, shall we? >> Welcome to the future. or should I say your future. >> Here in your future begin vacation. >> Here in the future, your home in the city will be a smart home that automatically knows what you want as soon as you do. >> Your closet will be like a personal stylist, making outfits based on your preferences and what's on your calendar for the day. >> Now that's a smart ultra power family. Smart Home has everything organized to help you start your day. The world will literally be at your fingertips because your home's information network lets you view your daily planner almost anywhere. And since you don't enjoy cleaning, robotic housekeeping will help you with your daily chores. Your smart home will know when it's time for you to leave, and it'll know what you need to take with you. >> Sometimes even before you do. Of course, your smart home is already booked a ticket on the magnetic cover train while you relax and enjoy a beautiful view of the future. The end, or should I say the beginning of your future. >> So, here's to the next 30,000 years on space rebirth. While no one knows for sure what he'll see or do, I do know it will be quite an adventure. An adventure that you will take and make together. See you in the future. Welcome back, time travelers. Now, we invite you to visit Project Tomorrow, where new ideas and innovation are being developed to make the world a better place. Your vehicle doors will open automatically. Please keep your hands away from the doors and step carefully onto the moving platform. All right, we'll back out of that. There's a wall with a little bit of lag in there, but we're all good now. >> Take you guys up. Okay, >> hope you guys enjoyed that. Yeah, I don't think the questions changed much, but it is cool. It is good to see um it is good. I just try and pick like different options each time if I can. So, it is it is kind of fun to do that sometimes. So, yeah. Anyway, >> super cool. Oh yeah, we'll get the we'll get the potatoes fixed. >> I got the the the potato mode switched back over. All right, so let's see. What are we going to do now? >> Oh, this is a basically bird show. Look at that. play. >> Yeah, there we go. >> Let's go this way. >> Sorry. Oh, that's interesting. again. Sandy. You don't have to know what you want to do. You like the same color. Everyone So cool. >> September his first time. >> Okay. >> Like his first day. >> This uh our resort hopper friend gave me a a snack coupon which was cool. Let me just see what it actually uh says. Let's see what what can we get here. Wow. Hold on. This is cool. Snack coupon. You can get one complimentary item from the popcorn pretzel churro drink. Fruit bar. Piece of whole fruit. Nice. I love that. >> Wow. So, I can get a snack later if I want. That's cool. It gets me a free Coke or a cookie or Well, not cookies, but but it does get me a free Coke. So, that's fun. All right, let's see what else we can uh see what else we can ride. I just I want to see I actually want to see the uh let's go out here to the front cuz I want to see the Imagination Show and that should be next. So, I think that'll be that'll be actually super fun. >> And let's check our weight times here and see how that's going. >> Oh, everything's a walk on. Everything's a walk on except for, >> you know, Guardians and all that. Test tracks down. >> All right, cool. We'll just see what else we can ride. That'll be fun. >> Not cookies. Manager. Yeah, why not? We have about five minutes. I'm going to go check watch this Imagination show because it actually won't be around after the Festival of the Arts. So, how old is the Epcot Ball? Well, it it was they started building it in uh the early 1980, I think. I'm not sure exactly when construction started, but it opened in 1982. October 1982. Technically October 1st, 1982. I think there might have been some previews before that, but yeah. So 1982 was when it opened construction probably 1980, maybe even 79. Yes, it's a cast member family coupon. That was very nice. We have about four minutes and we should be able to see. >> Oh, here we go. You don't think Mailstream's too tranquil? Well, luckily we're not We can't do Maestrom. We'd have to go back in time. That probably wouldn't be very tranquil either. Let's be honest. That'd be cool. Retro Walt Disney World Week. They'd make an absolute ton of money off of the gate and uh things for the old park merch. Wouldn't that be fun? All the street performances. Yeah, that'd be cool. I mean, even just the merch would be great. It's on my be right there. So about 3 minutes we'll watch the imagination show. What? It >> is glorious and miraculous. I agree. >> You could even say it was grand and miraculous. Okay, here. Let me show you real quick. Well, we only have one minute left, but I I did post some new stuff um on the 247 channel. Definitely go subscribe to 24/7. I'm eventually going to have a 24-hour ride stream there. So, that's going to be pretty cool. So, here I posted this this thing right here. It was a perfect day. You could see the show uh the castle show, the friendship fair, the dapper dance, um and also the um um Grayson the piano player and Mary Poppins and all kinds of things. It was a perfect day. It's a nice long 45minut stroll. Uh, it hasn't got a ton of views yet because not as many people are subscribed to the 247 channel, but here, go subscribe to the 24/7 channel. That's it's our channel. It's my channel. Go check that out. There we go. Resort TV 24/7 here. Hold on. Yeah. Resort TV 24/7. There you go. All right. Let's enjoy >> from flowers and blue from twilight hour. Green summer hills and rainbows play a part and a princess blush in a work of art. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Happy dancing with the hood. A brand new Some happy songs. I can't imagine. Of course, to lock me in. Imagination. We all have imagination. Imagination. That's fun. Uh, there we go. Okay. Uh, Anubis wanted to know if there's any way I could post what park I'm going to be at. Um, we don't usually do that just because there's times when I have to change last minute for some reason. So, I just don't plan that far ahead. I'm really sorry. And if I do, I mean, you a lot of times I'm at Epcot on Tuesdays, but not always. So, I just don't want to be The other thing is if I pick something and then I do it and then somebody like picks that, too. So, then I feel like then a lot of times I might feel like I have to Oh, wow. I just noticed these palm trees are completely cut back. Wow. Oh my gosh. What? That's interesting. I I have not seen that for a long time. So, I feel like I'd have to do that park because then people, you know, would be upset if I didn't. So, anyway, it's just it's hard for me to always know where I'm going to be or Jenna as well. So, uh, generally, you know, Tuesdays at Epcot and Saturdays at Magic Kingdom, but it just depends. So, sorry. My life is with with being a teacher as well and having a son and having a family, my life is too unpredictable to plan that far ahead. Uh, so I'm really sorry. Do you ever see yourself being a full-time content creator? Eventually, but I I um I want to work at least until Liam's out of school. >> So, that's my big uh kind of big plan is that once Liam graduates, I probably will do that. I mean, I'll probably be I'll be older at that point, but hey, they are content creators of all ages. So anyway, Figma movie if done right would be a blockbuster. Yeah, I am sad as people were saying in the chat like that the the current version of Imagination is of course inferior to what was there before, but it's it's been there this current version has been there way longer. It would have been easier if they just kept the original version. Oh well, it probably wouldn't have been easier. I think the turntable was warping where dream paper would the dream finder was on. It was too big, I think, or something. A lot of the stuff that was here, they never do. They never they'd never done before. So, they just weren't sure how it would work. Josh is going to keep working cuz he loves his job. Also, Golden Oaks Home. Yeah, I wish. No Golden Oaks home here. Be watching Resort TV 5 band and touring. Haha. >> Proud of you. Thank you. That's my goal. And with YouTube doing such weird things with the algorithm, um, yeah, I wouldn't be able to trust it really. Anyway, so apparently, did I tell you guys this? I did some research and apparently YouTube intentionally, quietly, but intentionally downplayed live stream replay views, which basically cut our views and our revenue in half. From 2024 into 2025, January 2025, they cut they told the algorithm basically don't recommend live stream replays because what was happening was YouTube rewards watch time and click rate. Well, you were getting people clicking on live stream replays and then just turn leaving it on. So, the watch time for a live stream replay was astronomical, meaning that the algorithm would would always um would always basically push that replay out. There's horizons. So, the live stream would or the the algorithm would always push that replay out. Um, and they figured that was happening. The uh advertisers didn't like that because people were not actively engaged. cuz a lot of times they put a live stream on in the background, a replay. So, they didn't like that. They thought the viewers weren't engaged and the live stream replays were getting tons and tons of ads. And so, anyway, bottom line was basically the advertisers were going to have a revolt and YouTube very quietly downplayed live stream replays. So, it took me that long. It took me over a year to figure that out, but I had to start looking in the right place. So, that's why our views went down. It was nothing that we did wrong. It just so happened that we were the biggest live stream channel. So we were benefiting the most the biggest Disney live streaming channel. So we were benefiting the most from the streams. Also our streams were kind of tailor made for rewatch um just because we you know we think of our streams as like not a not just a like throwaway. We we always thought of them like a finished product. So I tried to make it as professional as possible and everything. And so anyway, the point is that's what happened and I was just really shocked to learn that. So, one of the things is posting these clips um might help, but we'll see. But it isn't yet. Extra ads means extra revenue for YouTube. That's what I thought. But here's why. The advertisers didn't like that. Because they were they were paying for ads where people were not directly engaged with the video. People were people were just leaving it on and not watching it. So, yeah, YouTube liked the extra revenue. Yes, you're right. YouTube gets 45% of the ads. So obviously, you know, when we make more, they make more. So you'd think, "Oh, that's a good thing for everybody. It's a win-win-win, right?" But the advertisers were mad because they were paying for a bunch of ads where people weren't actively watching. So that's what I read. And I think that that makes that makes all the sense in the world. Nice to see people in t-shirts and not winter coats. Yeah. >> Tell it to come here. >> I have it in my phone. >> I'm back to watching the stream. I'm glad the Seattle Seahawks won the Super Bowl. Yeah, it was good. They played really well. biggest disappointment replacement was Runaway Railway replacing the Great Movie Ride. Yeah, I can see that. >> Can you recategorize a live stream as a regular video? Yes. Um I could re-upload them, but I don't know. That's a great question. I wonder if that would work. I mean, yes, technically if you just edit it a little bit and re-upload it, it would technically be a different video and it would technically be a regular video. Not bad. Although, the problem is I don't think a lot of the problem is that video wouldn't do well on our channel because most people wouldn't watch it because they say, "Oh, we saw that already." And then that tells the algorithm, "Oh, this video isn't any good." And they don't push it to anybody. So, it really takes the push from the live stream where there's a lot of people watching to get it working. So, yeah, that's a good idea, though. No, you're right, Carbo Box. You're right. Thanks, Jerry. Uh, Jenna's able to do it full-time. Well, Jenna um she um well, first of all, she doesn't have a kid. Um so, that makes it a little bit, you know, she doesn't have as many expenses and things. And Dale also works, so the stuff's not able to, but she does help out with all the finances and stuff. >> It was the advertisers. Yep. Thanks, guys. We We actually got really good live stream replay views on my uh on my Saturday stream. It seems like what happens is if I do an earlier daytime stream, then what ends up happening is um people will watch it later in the day and the replay views are better. But either way, like I said, whatever. Um, subscribe to Resort TV 24/7. You should do it. It's awesome. All right. Anyway, that's enough of that. I know that's probably boring. Um, I do need to run to the restroom really quick. Sorry. I don't usually have to stop on a trinkle Tuesday, but I guess too much soda. All >> right, so I'll be right back. >> Oh, hold on. I've got my I don't have my BRB on. This is not my night. I feel like I've been chasing my own tail all day. Sorry, I I got to turn the BRB on my computer at home. >> There it goes. All right, be right back. Sorry about that. Okay. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. There's a a watch. Watch your step. What are you doing? Hi. >> I'm glad Dapper Dave, I'm glad I was able to be helpful. Hopefully you guys can Yep, you guys can see us. Okay. Yeah, glad to be helpful. Hope it is at least somewhat helpful with as far as the YouTube stuff. Yeah, I Yeah, I don't know. It's not working for us yet, but we'll see. Like all the extra videos, none of them are doing that well, but I've only done three, so I'll keep going. The problem with posting the streams as clips is that a lot of people that have already seen the stream don't watch the clip. understandably so because it's they've already seen it. Um, so then YouTube's like, "Oh, your subscribers aren't watching this." It actually says, "Your subscribers aren't watching this video." And so it's lower down. So then I don't know. It's like It's like uh the advice that I got wasn't as good as I thought it was. Oh well. I don't know where I see YouTube in the future. I have no idea. >> What's that? >> Sure. >> Oh, thanks. Thank you. Yeah, it's going to be interesting to see if it's even viable long term to keep doing this if they keep really downplaying live streams. I don't know. I hope it is, but yeah, it's like they're kind of shooting themselves in the foot. It's frustrating, especially to know that they did it on purpose. Some silly advertisers, but we'll see. one. Could I ask for the back? Would that be okay? >> Yeah, that's fine. >> Go in the back and then maybe somebody won't be talking behind me. >> Welcome to Living with Demand. As you board the boat, please gaze lower your hands and watch your step. Lower your head. For your safety, remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat at all time. >> This is the uh >> parents wheelchair scooter area >> and refrain from photography or using the wheelchair scooter right here and then you uh sit right next to them. >> Now sit back, relax and enjoy living with the land. Flash Anthony. Welcome to a voyage of discovery and awareness of the richness, the diversity, and the often surprising nature of living with the land. Our journey begins as dramatic and sudden changes are sweeping over the land. The approaching storm may seem violent and destructive to us, but to nature, it's a new beginning in the cycle of life. Beneath the surface of the and reach trap water from the flowing mud extracting precious nutrients and minerals. These elements when combined with sunlight create systems of mother One of those living systems is the rainforest. Home to the most amazing concentration of life on our planet. These dense and beautiful forests cover only a tiny portion of the Earth's surface. But they contain more than half of its plant and animal system. Rainforests are also extremely rich and productive living systems providing us with oxygen, food, medicines and other elements essential to our lives. In the desert, nature has created a very different but no less beautiful living system. And while this aid landscape may seem lifeless, it is very much alive. The plants and animals that have learned to survive in these harsh conditions make use of what little water they can find and avoid the scorching rays of the relentless sun. The American prairie once appeared as desolate as the desert. But over time, rainwater and nutrients gradually penetrated the hard surface of this land. Even the hooves of the mighty buffalo helped create the rich soil that would one day become home to the American farm. Yeah, we were in the restaurant. >> Of all the forces at work on the land, humans have had one of the most profound effects. The need to produce food for a growing world led to the enormous use and sometimes overuse of the land. In our search for more efficient ways to grow food, we often failed to realize the impact of our methods. >> Today, we're learning to live with the land, discovering better ways to grow food that will assure both human and environmental well-being. vegetation regions of sea plant and planted rocks that thrive on salt water. In Japan, we're learning that by mixing leaves and other living materials into our soil, we can make farmland more fruit without the need for chemicals. Here at Epcot, we're learning to reduce the need for chemical pesticides by breeding and using natural predators like ladybugs and wasps to control pest. In the farmlands across America, we're learning that by plowing under vegetation containing natural fertilizers, we can enrich the soil without the use of chemicals. How will we meet tomorrow's growing needs for food production yet still respect the needs of the land? Some of the answers are being discovered just ahead. >> To help us maintain these carefully controlled ecosystems and for your safety, please remain seated in your boat at all times. Welcome to our living laboratories where scientists from Epcot and the US Department of Agriculture are exploring innovative ways to produce bountiful harvests now and into the future. The tropics are home to the greatest diversity of plants on the planet. Many of these like papaya, bananas, cacao, coffee, and rice are well known around the world. These are just a few of the edible plants that have been an important source of nutrition for people living in the tropics. Many are rich in vitamins and minerals, while others are well adapted to growing in less than ideal conditions. Some, like the water lily, thrive in wet, swampy areas and waterways. All parts of this plant, even the flower petals, are edible. The starchy root of the plant has long been used to make flour for baking. One day, many of these lesserknown tropical plants may be as important as the bananas growing on both sides of the boat. More than 28 million tons of bananas are eaten annually, making it the most popular fruit in the world. video. When we mention farming, you probably don't think of fish. But fish farming or aquaculture accounts for nearly half of all the seafood consumed globally. Tilapia, bass, and catfish, like the ones you see here, are three of the more popular crops raised by fish farmers. The sustainable system we're using here recycles the water in the tanks. As a result, we're able to save millions of gallons each year. Our small fish farm produces nearly 5,000 pounds of fish each year to serve in restaurants around Walt Disney World. Innovations like this one can play an important role in our efforts to produce valuable harvests and still protect natural resources. Heat. Heat. While there are more than 50,000 edible plant species in the world, most of us are only familiar with the handful that make up our everyday diet. The common grains growing here, wheat, maize, sorghum, and millie, plus rice, account for nearly 2/3 of our global food consumption. Learning how to increase yields of these staples is an important goal of research around the world. These plants are definitely on their way up. Innovative growing techniques like these increase yields while more efficiently using resources like water, fertilizer, and pesticides. Another innovation at work here is our integrated pest management program. By populating our green houses with beneficial insects that prey on harmful pests like aphids and flies, we are significantly reducing our reliance on conventional pesticides. We're growing these crops using our nutrient film system. This technique precisely controls and recycles water and nutrients. With it, we can produce over 27,000 heads of lettuce a year in this one small area. One more efficient. Some of our best ideas have been inspired by nature like these fruit and vegetable trees. By growing these ground plants vertically, we can increase yields and better control diseases. These crops taste as good as they look. In fact, we serve more than 15 tons of produce from our green houses in restaurants here at the land every year. Some of our best ideas have been inspired by nature like these investment by growing these ground. >> The future of agriculture may include innovative ideas like this vertical growing system. Plants grown in this way use a fraction of the space required by traditional growing methods that saves water and increases production. The aquaponic system on your left combines hydroponics with aquaculture. The fish provide a natural source of fertilizer for the plants and the plants help keep the water clean for the fish. It's another great way to produce more while using less. In our lab, Epcot scientists are working with the US Department of Agriculture on a number of innovative projects. The goal of these efforts is to produce higher yielding and better quality plants. by this vertical system. The apple system These green houses represent just a fraction of the work being done worldwide to produce bountiful harvests for our growing population. Scientists, farmers, and even backyard gardeners are doing their part to improve the quantity and quality of foods that we all rely upon. Together, we can continue to find more ways to increase food production and protect our precious natural environment. Only then will we truly be living with the land. On behalf of Walt Disney World, we hope you've enjoyed this unique journey through our living laboratories. If you'd like a closer look, then check out the behind the scenes walking tour. It's a chance for the whole family to get up close and personal with the plants and growing techniques in our laboratory. Please keep your hands and feet inside the book and remain seated until the boat comes to a complete stop. Heat. Heat. Please gather all your personal belongings. Lower your head and watch your step as you exit. Toronto. >> Hi How does your stream not glitch on that ride? Um, we've just been working on it for a long time and I'm able to adjust my bit rate dynamically, meaning I can control the quality a little bit and that allows me to not lag in a lot of places. Glad it worked. Yeah, good news. Our app developer, Ken, he's here in Florida now. So, he and I are going to get together soon and work on some stuff to keep the app going even better. One of the things is to fix the infinity focus because it it it locks, but it locks at the wrong spot. And he's like, "Oh, yeah. I think I can fix that." So, yay. All right. Smoothest stream I've seen and great audio. Nice. Now, we've got really good audio on this thing cuz we use the natural audio from the phone um and in stereo and high bit rate and all that kind of stuff. And so it's way better than using a wireless mic. Wireless mics actually aren't good for streams, except for it's good when you're more than one person, which Jen and I have done before, but the overall quality a lot of times is better from the phone mics. Anyway, $9.99 from Mickey Mom Jen. Josh, have a cookie for me to celebrate my 1-year anniversary of watching Resort TV. I'm so happy to have found you and be a part of this wonderful group of people. Thanks, Mickey mom Jen. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Josh, disconnect the internet cable. Yeah, I know. The sword across America is going to be fun. I love that. I also love this background music here. It's very fun. It's very triumphant. We love the triumphant nature. Those are settled. Yes. >> Oh, Brett, you don't have that one in your queue. That's cool. Yeah, your Q loop is actually uh shorter than ours. >> How's your night going? pretty good. >> That's funny. Cardboard box. >> They were doing like a mirrorless or something. >> Yeah. Not until >> Okay. It's coming up pretty soon. >> Yeah. We're going to do testing soon. So, we get to testing. >> All right. Just give me a call. Let me know. Try out business. >> Oh, nice. There's got to be some tricks. >> What is this one? That's a fun one, too. >> Shazam doesn't know. >> Nope. It's very triumphant. >> Nope. Shazam doesn't YouTube YouTube Music will though. Good to see you, Brit. >> Yeah, so over America is going to be fun. Now you guys are getting that in California, too. Uh, right, Brit. >> Oh, Explorers is a good one, too. >> One. >> How many in my next party? >> One. >> We never get one. >> Yeah, we're not easy. >> Oh, three ones going down. >> Three. Okay. >> All right. Well, that'll save us a little time, so that's good. >> Have fun, guys. Keep going down. >> Okay. Uh there there three ones. We're not together, but they sent us down together. >> How many in my room? >> All right. My six. You're going to be in my row three. I'm just here in my row three. >> One of my ones is also in row three. >> And of course, >> everybody row two. >> Everybody row two. >> Next, fasten your seat belts, inserting them into the buckle on your right. Hey, where does aviators don't miss the beginning of Patrick here? >> Just put the belt through the loop in the center strap before bucking. >> Nice work. >> Soon you will be airborne. >> So if you or your little aviators have a fear of flying or of heights, you might want to wait for your party at the arrival gate. Okay, let's review. That is seat. Seat belt carry strap. Fear of heights. Keep your hands and arms inside at all times. Anything else? >> Have a nice start with my row two. >> It's been a while since I've been in three. Usually I'm in one or two. So, let's see. Oh, we're kind of in the middle. So, we're fine. >> You're soft. It feels good. >> All the way down. My friends fly all the way down. Feel free. >> You really wish he had said bogus. It's funny. >> Oh, I was zoomed in. I'm not either. >> Jerry Goldmith's composed horn the original. So, a lot of scores are in the line. Yeah, for sure. Brett, this new score is mostly based on that, but it's not like 100%. It's a little bit >> little bit different. >> Like a few liberties here and there. Final systems check. Please store all carry-on items in the underseat compartment. For your safety, remain seated with your seat belt fastened during your flight and watch your children. Can I pass you? Please yell stra on your right hand side. Perfect. Thank you. Thank you. >> Put your trade cables upright and lock position. >> All right. Have a nice >> Yeah, Michael. They do after hour parties here. I actually need to do a Magic Kingdom one though because they have enchantment there and I need I need to see that. >> I always try and see it once a year if possible. >> I prefer the original version just cuz there's less CGI and it's just really good photography. >> I hope in the sor and around America or over America what it's called. I hope that they do more just natural >> photography. I was 28. unical, too. >> Wait, I don't think mine's gonna come off. >> Oh god, it smells >> smells so good. >> I love it, y'all. >> Yeah, for sure. Oh, here we go. So, we're in the town. We are ready for takeoff. >> I'm going to be freezing. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Smell like grass. I like how >> I find the grand I like you're running. I like it. Oh yeah. scary or ready. I love you. Moana. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. On behalf of our entire flight crew, thanks for soaring with us. >> To unfasten your seat belt, just push down on the red button on your right. Be sure to gather all your carry-on items from the underseat compartment and exit to your left. Have a great day or wherever your final destination may take you. >> This way. >> All right, here we go. Yeah, the Eiffel Tower isn't bad though because they zoomed it out, but the uh Taj Mahal was curved a little bit as was the uh the rock formation in the the desert there. Can't remember what's called out west is it Utah or something where they have the little monuments that they flew through. You sure? You sure? the new pro drone tech. Disney could make some incredible sort for sure. >> Yeah, they wouldn't even have to. It'd be cheaper, too, because they wouldn't have to fly helicopters everywhere like they used to. That's what they used to do is strap a giant camera to a helicopter. The drones are so much smoother and you can put your 8K, you know, crazy cameras on them now. Monument Valley. Yeah, that's probably what it is. The RQ music loop this like this music is um I don't know what this one is as well. You guys know all these really well. Um but the Q music loop for this one is like an hour and the one for California is like >> 25 or 30 minutes. So there's some overlap, but they put more in ours for some reason. Monument Valley. That makes sense. doesn't use drones like the Olympics have. They're on top of those skiers. That's crazy that they can do that. How did they do it before? Like before drones, how did they film the skiers? Did they have helicopters? Was that how they did it? I can't think of any other way except for like super zoom from a platform. Just curious. Anyho, >> all right. Well, welcome in everybody. Thanks for being here. >> Let's see. What should we go ride next? Maybe Mexico. I don't know. You guys want to ride Figment? Let me know. Oh, Frozen's down, isn't it? >> Or we could do Imagination if you guys want to, but we could also just go do Mexico. Totally up to you guys. could also do Nemo. I saw a video of them flying with the rig below a helicopter. That's probably what it was then. Camera towers or helicopters or zoom cranes. They could probably correct the distortion with projector oper fortune with lenses. Well, they have a fortune. So, there you go. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. That the distortion could be corrected. Like how does it because otherwise how does an IMAX do it? Like would and would you really need would would you really need a um the screen to be curved or that that just makes it more immersive? I guess that's the thing because I guess an IMAX isn't curved like that. So that's what makes it look like it does. Maybe that's the deal. All right. Here, let me turn the uh quality back up. If you ever see a camera guy get wiped out at sports, think of 50K. Oh, for sure. At least those cameras are crazy. What's crazy is I saw a video where they did a comparison between like one of the top end red cameras um and an iPhone, like the most recent like iPhone 17. And except for at the most basiest fringe quality, you couldn't tell the difference honestly between the Red camera and the iPhone. See, what they did was they they ran both of them. if you know much about like filming and professional, you know, workflows, which I don't know how to do, but what they would do is they would end up um they would end up um doing a uh oh, they'd end up doing it raw. So they they'd shoot raw footage from the Red camera and raw footage from the iPhone. And so RAW basically just means it just captures whatever the sensor sees. there's no processing at all and it just captures all the information about light that the sensor on the camera sees and then it allows the editor to choose the lighting levels, exposure and all that stuff. >> And so that's what professionals do because then they have everything to work with. They don't have to worry about whether the camera over or underexposes something. Um, so they shot the iPhone can shoot raw and so can the Red camera of course and so they shot both raw and you couldn't tell the difference in a lot of cases which is crazy. It is a big thing that >> Disney World and Minecraft. Yeah, it is crazy. >> All right. Well, let's go do Mexico then. I didn't see anybody super excited about imagination. So, More people going on as the night goes. More people watching as the night goes on. It's always nice. >> We appreciate you guys. Oh, you didn't hear the imagination offer. Sorry. >> Finally, Finley and I love Figment. Well, maybe we can come back to it. We should go Let's go through here one more time. I think it's just in a week or so that the uh >> just in a week or so that the festival of the arts ends. Maybe a week like maybe 10 days week or 10 days 12 days something like that. >> Yeah. TTA me for sure. I wish they opinion too. Are you a live YouTuber? >> What's that? >> Are you a live YouTuber? >> Yeah. >> What's your handle? >> Uh, Resort TV one. >> Oh, okay. We watch it. >> Oh, thanks. Appreciate it. >> Watch your watch. >> That's awesome. Appreciate it. >> Nice to meet you. >> You as well. >> Thanks for watching. >> Oh, it's my pleasure. >> Check this out. These dresses are crazy. February 23rd. Okay, so 13 days from now. back looking in the way. And then this is like being backstage here. Look at all the the props and stuff out here. This is this is curtain call. How fun. Am I going to stream all day Monday? Definitely not. Monday's Dennis day. And then this is the uh stage manager. I would always think that like it wouldn't necessarily be it wouldn't be necessary for the stage manager to call everything. I wouldn't think. But maybe I'm maybe I'm wrong on that. I don't know if anybody knows that. Let me know. I just wouldn't think that you'd have to call everything. I think a lot of the stuff would run on its own, but who knows? Miss theater. Yeah, theater's fun. >> A lot of people saying they miss their theater days. Yeah, it gets in your blood a little bit, doesn't it? I never was really on the stage. I was always in the pit. Well, except for this couple weeks ago. I need to still post my Sing Strong video, but you know, I never can't seem to get anything done. It's that whole full-time job thing. >> The Lion King stuff is so cool. The union rules usually require the managers to call the changes. Interesting. Former stage manager actually call everything. Interesting. So there's literally just somebody reading out a book telling people to do stuff they already know to do. That's interesting. Like if you My point is if you have like if you've run lights for the show for several years, do you need somebody to tell you when to do it? I don't know. I I'm sure there's a reason for it. It just seems like it'd be like me as a band director. I guess it's like me queuing somebody to come in when they they can see in the music when to come in. I guess maybe it's just the timing of it then. So if I cue somebody's entrance, I don't tell them what note to play. They see they see the note. I just tell them when to play it. So maybe that's what it is. >> Standby. Go. Stand by. Go. Yeah. I'm just curious. I've never been a stage manager, obviously, so wasn't sure. Oh, live theater can change. Yeah. So, maybe that's what it is. >> What they've been doing lately. >> Yeah. Maybe it is more like conducting a show than like with a with a with a, you know, band director or something. It's not always the same crew talent musicians. You have understudies and fillins. Well, that makes sense. Okay. Well, there you go. I learned something. No, I'm not saying I don't agree either. I just didn't understand why. But that makes sense now. >> Yes, because you can get caught this caught watching the show and such. Also, actors are not typically in the wings. They're typically in the green room. Well, that makes sense. Yeah. I don't think in the high school shows that they call everything the same way. Maybe they do. So, when I was conducting the uh the pit for Little Mermaid, as I have referred to numerous times, I'm sure, um I I had a headset and I didn't I didn't get a call for everything. So, maybe there was a different channel that I wasn't on. I don't know. That's interesting. Or maybe we just really weren't calling everything. It's a dance party with Justin Bieber >> because why not? >> Oh my gosh. >> Um, there's like 12 people. >> Hey, Felipe. Thank you. I appreciate that. No, I didn't conduct on Broadway. Not that good. That would be fun though. I think I could do it. I did pretty well conducting Little Mermaid. I just need to practice a little bit. actually not a bad conductor but that's you know I would hope after 20 some years of practice I could do it I have conducted professionals before it's a different thing conducting professionals don't need as much as students do professionals you expect a professional to keep their own time so you don't need to conduct the whole beat for a professional whereas like for a for a student you know you might give them the whole one two three four you might give them the whole thing but but with a professional you you you would a lot of times conduct less beats if that makes sense. You'd give them a big, you know, here's the queue and then you might give them it's hard for me to get the camera far enough away from my hand to give a good cue. But you you might give them that and then you might do like a smaller kind of a pattern here just to kind of keep the time and then give them the next big cue. Um, and they don't need everything. So with the students, you know, you really keep them locked in. Make sure they're watching you. But no, I would love to do that sometime. Conducting the musical is actually too I did Sound of Music too one time. It's a lot of fun. It's way more work than just conducting a concert cuz on a concert I start the song whenever I want and I stop the song whenever I want and that's the way it is. Like there's no there's nothing else to it. Uh because nobody else is involved. But when you're dealing with a whole production, um I don't get That's funny. Actually, a cue by the stage manager would have been awesome because then I wouldn't have had to guess because I I actually had to watch the show on the monitor that I had and listen to the dialogue and there were certain dialogue cues that would start a song. Like one character would say, "Yeah, I don't know how we're going to find that again." And then it's one, two, ready, go, boom, next song. You know, and there'd be a and sometimes there'd be like a vamp or something. So you'd hear like a bump bump, you know, something like that and then this and then the um the dialogue would would continue with with the vamp or with the the underscore um and then eventually the singers would take it. Now, the problem was too when you're conducting with people doing dialogue, high school kids tend to run their dialogue way faster than what a pro does and so they would end up a lot of times with extra music because we would they'd be done with their dialogue and we still have four measures left and I can't just tell my players to like jump, right? Every once in a while if it was really bad, I might like and I had everybody's attention. I might say I might call out a measure number and go, but then if I call it out too loud, I'm hurt on the mics. So, you know, but it So, yeah. So, anyway, there's so many little moving pieces. >> I'm on break. Stage manager shouldn't be giving Joshua. I'm on break. Yeah. >> My grandfather went to conservatory in Germany and it was a professional conductor. I had the baton he used. That's amazing. John Williams is known by all for a reason. There's also assistant stage manager helping the main stage manager. I figured cuz that's a lot. If you're calling everything, you'd need somebody there. And also the assistant, you know, if in the rare event that the stage manager started feeling ill or like had to go to the restroom, like probably doesn't happen much, but you know, if there was an emergency, the hopefully the assistant could take over. Oh, there's some cool paintings over here. Hold on. I mean, I got to cross the street here. Oh, that makes sense. David stage manager literally needs to get the green light. The set pieces are locked, unlocked, and ready to move or fix. That makes sense. Yeah, that's a safety issue. >> Yeah, I'm not going to be doing test track tonight. Sorry. >> Oh, there's Dreamfinder. No, >> the >> assistant stage manager helps wrangle the crew. That makes sense, too. >> Oh, there's Max. >> Usually an assistant for both wings. Makes sense. >> As they say, it's a whole thing. >> It's a whole thing. Uh the rides that are short weight are the ones that I've done. Uh, so like Mexico, uh, is the one that I'm going to do next. It's a short wait. Um, so yeah. Um, Imagination Nemo, they're both short waits as well. So, let's just see what time it is once we get out of Mexico and then we'll figure out what we want to do next. >> Sort of like calling the parade at MK. Oh, makes sense. Have a good night. >> Oh, good night. I know. >> Oh, it's blowing. >> I don't know what artist that was. I'm sorry. >> Yep. But we will definitely be showing Luminous tonight. Usually we do. Every once in a while I'm Well, after the national championship, I had been up all night, so I was too tired. But every once in a while, I'll have to leave early cuz I got to I'm just tired and I got to get to school the next day. But I'm feeling okay tonight. I got almost 8 hours of sleep last night. 7 and 1 half, 7:45, something like that. I got good sleep last night. Okay, guys. And I'll let you know when I get back. >> I'm definitely >> I can go back that direction here in a little bit. If you guys need to know who the artist was, I'm sorry. You might also be able to rewind and see the name on the tent that I walked into. The name would be on the tent. Uh, unless unless it was just one of the Disney booths, but I'll have to see. Plan to travel to Florida with my mom to visit Walt Disney World in December 27th. Nice. Who does you want to win the Super Bowl? Uh, yeah. I thought Seahawks would be nice. Patriots have won it several times. The Patriots didn't really even show up. They really had trouble. They couldn't get anything done offensively. Their defense was was decent, but they their offense couldn't do anything. The Seahawks were definitely the best team. That was for sure. But hey, my my Super Bowl was the national championship and IU won for the first time ever. I got my I got my shirt, too. I got my locker room national championship shirt, which I probably should just frame. I'm kind of scared. I don't think I'll wear that one, actually. I need to figure out a way to display it. That shirt I I was gonna I was going to actually wear it and then I looked at it and Steph and I both looked I was like I can't wear that. It's so nice. >> It's got even stickers on it. One of the stickers says official locker room gear, you know, blah blah like Nike and all that stuff. And I'm like, "No, can't wear that." But I did get a couple other ones. Go ahead. >> Thank you. >> Huh? >> Hello. Patriots and Steelers are currently tied for a total of six. Wow, that's crazy. Who has the most wins in college? Is it Alabama or is it Ohio State or Michigan? One of those. Okay. So, who has the most wins in college? SM can keep conductor and pit aware if something happens during a scene change the orchestra can vamp. That is nice because usually I was just watching to see if they were ready. >> One. Can I have the front row? Is that okay? >> Thank you. >> Yeah. A lot of times I would just watch and see if the lights were about to come up and also I could see backstage pretty well. So that was good. But so I was waiting I would wait until I saw that the set was officially changed and then I would I would make sure and stop the vamp. A lot of times the vamp had uh multiple repeats. So you just keep repeating it. Hi. >> Oh, thank you. >> Appreciate it. >> No, you're fine. You're totally fine. Not at all. >> Thank you so much. appreciate that. >> That's cool. >> No, don't be sorry. the feet and legs inside the body. And if you have children with you, please relax before. Yeah. Let's go. What the holy I am. I am. And this is I don't know. So many feet. Yes. Where are you? Heat. Heat. rest of your life. Your team destroyed. Son. It's okay. Now we got to record. together. We think that we don't answer. >> That means I can I don't drink. They say we are the amigos. No matter where he goes, the one, two, and three goes, we always together. See you again. See you next time. Goodbye. Hey, thanks for coming to Mexico. Come again soon. Waiting for you. Adios amigos. Come again. See you next time. We'll be waiting for you. Catch us on tour. Viva Mexico. >> Goodbye. >> See you next time. Next time on the Okay. If you may come again soon, keep waiting for you, amigos. >> Remember to stay seated until the boat reaches the dock. Then gather your belongings and exit to the right. >> Remember to stay seated until the boat reaches the dock. Then gather your belongings and exit to the right. >> Remember to stay seated reaches the top and exit to the right. >> Have a nice day. >> Remember to stay safe until the boat reaches the dock. Then gather your belongings. It's my turn. Nice to meet you guys. >> Oh, no. Don't worry. I >> Oh, yeah. Don't worry about it. I I talked so much you had to interrupt at some point. Seriously, don't worry about it. you guys. It's nice to meet you. >> Thank you. >> Bye. Adios. >> All right. Three cabaros in a boat. In a boat music so festive. It's a festive fun type of music. >> The beer garden. Yeah. Um it's really good actually. The food's really good. Um and the atmosphere is so beautiful. And of course, the shows are cool, too. So, yeah, it's a very, very neat place. I always like it. I just haven't had time to go there for a while. So, happy Drinkle Tuesday. Thanks, Cindy. To you as well. The question is, do I need something? I could do a cookie and a Coke. We really could. I have the little snack coupon. Why not? It's a great Tuesday. >> Let's go. Let's go. I don't now I don't know if I can use Can I use the food coupon for the Coke at Starbucks or do I have to use it at Can I get the Coke with the coupon? Can I use the coupon for the Coke? That's the question. Let's see. Or do I have to use it at a food booth? I'm going to look here while it's where where it's lit. Let me see. Uh I select locations. Okay. Yeah, Troy was really nice. He gave us this awesome coin and the a coupon for the free uh the free snack. I could use it for a snack or a Coke. Well, I actually could just get a Coke at any of the little stands around the park. So, but either way, that was super nice. Again, big shout out to Troy. Um, the snack is nice, but wow. Uh, that coin, it's a one of a kind. You know, they only gave those to cast members. So, I've got a I've got a nice uh I've got a small little drawer in my desk, like one of the little tiny drawers that I've got stuff like that that's really really cool gifts that people have given me. challenge coins. I've gotten a couple challenge coins from people. Uh one one on the stream and one off. Um and then um the um Lucky Dog uh runner gave me uh the the um the Dopey Challenge medal, which was crazy that I didn't I didn't earn, but he gave it to me, which was so nice. Um so yeah, so cool. Tranquil is like the dude. It abides. I love that. Indeed. Indeed it does. >> Oh, this is neat. Kind of hard to see, but let me see if I can shed some light on the subject. There we go. Witnesses Josh. >> All right. So, let's see. This was O Disney Fine Art by Collectors. Oh, this is not the one. >> This is not the one >> somebody was asking about. Was it? Wait, which booth was it? Was it down here? It must have been down here. >> All right, let's go this way. This way. I see that. Oh, sorry. >> Tony was a bit like Sandy. He was very kind. Yeah. No, he and he had emailed me ahead of time. So, I was uh I was excited cuz he he didn't tell me exactly what it was. He just said it's something one of a kind that only cast members could get and he'd really like to gift it to me. And I he wanted to know, you know, where I was going to be and if he could meet me. And I was like, "Yeah, at Epcot is, you know, is that going to work out?" And he said, "Yeah, that would be great. We'll be there." So, that definitely the best way to get a hold of me is email. Um it's Resort TV and the word onegmail.com. I'm not always fast at answering them, but I try. >> So, this was >> Disney Fine Art. >> Okay. >> Yeah. So, this is Yes, Michelle. >> Hello. >> Yeah. >> Have a good night, guys. >> Oh, you got it already. Okay. >> Somebody watching my live stream really liked this one, but I said I guess it's not available online anywhere that anybody could buy. >> No. Yeah. Only available uh during the event with SP. Okay. >> It's going to be that case for a lot of our >> a lot of the art. Yeah. It's very exclusive. >> Yeah. Yeah. At least for the smaller pieces and especially our lithographs, the paper prints out there and a lot of the originals, but um we do offer a pretty wide selection online at disneyfine art.com that uh I do believe you get almost all of JC Richards castle and park pieces out there, at least in the large formats. >> Oh, on the disneyfine art.com. >> Yeah, Disneyart.com. Right there. >> Oh, look at that. Sweet. Oh, there it is. Perfect. Thank you. Appreciate that. >> All right. So, there you go, guys. You got it. These are so cool. There's so much cool stuff here. >> I love these. Like, you could totally make your whole wall parks. Look at this with a swan boat. How cool is that? Throwback. I actually never saw that in person. I am old, but not that old. >> Okay. Well, there you go. Yeah. So, that is the case. You could hear you heard his uh his explanation that a lot of it is exclusive to the event. So, you have to you have to be here to um enjoy it and purchase it. Unfortunately, this is cool. Look at Mickey looking sorry through the studio. That is cool. That's like Walt's studio window. old enough to remember Orange Bird. Yeah, he's cool. Cool. I said Q. >> Awesome. >> There goes my paycheck. Oh, here we go. >> Good evening and welcome to World Chocolate. In just 30 minutes, we invite you to experience a The spectacular celebration of the music we made will be lower during the show. Watch yourself for your safety and the safety of those around you. Okay. What am I doing? I was going to take a picture of Okay. >> All right. Thank you, Deep Boys. Epcot guy. Uh, let's see. Grizz, uh, Griie 24 um says, "Thanks for the return trip to the tent for me. 199. Thank you." Yeah. Hey, happy to do it. I was heading back that direction and I thought it is a pretty cool piece. So, try and help you guys out if I can. But yeah, thank you for the super chat. It was uh too bad that it wasn't good news, but at least we were able to ask. So, trying to catch up to you were waving from behind. Oh, okay. Should I stop? Well, I stopped at the tent for a minute, but I can stop for a second if you want. I'm headed down to Starbucks to get a cookie. >> Are you still following me? Avatar tomorrow and then like >> I don't see anybody back there. >> I don't see anybody. Sorry. >> I said don't do that. Are you anywhere tomorrow? No. Um I don't go out on Wednesdays. Usually it's Jenna's day, so she'll probably go somewhere. >> All right. >> Yeah, I don't usually get anything on Tuesdays, but why not? I'm sorry if I was walking away from somebody. I just I don't know. I didn't I turned around and looked. I didn't see anybody, >> but hello. >> If I missed you, I'm sorry. >> Which um what show is this? I can't even hear it. >> Doing okay. >> Okay, no worries. >> So good that they really have not put the pieces. >> Yeah, I walk fast. Sorry. It's still really nice outside. What is it right now? Uh temperature is oops uh 63. So very very nice. Hope my uh my stream is playing. I'm playing on my own stream. I don't don't need to play my own stream. That will I don't want to install iOS 26 right now. I still haven't installed iOS 26. >> I don't know. So, my I was really frustrated in class the other day. My uh we have we have Macs at school and our my MacBook restarted right while I was teaching a lesson. So, I guess I had I had deferred the install way too many times. I don't I know I understand security, but I hate updating stuff because it always it always makes it worse. I feel like every update makes it worse cuz they try and add, you know, crazy stuff or visuals or whatever the liquid glass or all that and I'm just like it always makes everything worse. I heard from a lot of people iOS 26 is super buggy so I just haven't haven't updated to it. Maybe one of these days I will. But I turned Apple intelligence off. Like it's funny cuz I'm a tech guy, but I guess all these developers are just under so much pressure to put a bunch of put a bunch of junk in the system and it doesn't get tested very well. And it's kind of embarrassing for these multi-billion dollar companies how bad these updates are. But either way, the Mac update made my computer slower for sure. And then I've got an M I've got an M3 MacBook Air, which is nice computer, but it definitely slowed it down. and brought no new features that I could you that are useful. So, that's fun. All right. I wish they had an option to just do a security update like update security only. I would I would totally do that. >> Yeah, I'll do fireworks. Sorry, I'm complaining. Yeah, I would totally do security updates. So now the new uh Mac OS I I you have to click the control panel like five times to get it to do anything. >> OS 26 really slowed my old iPad. Yeah, it's always worse. Hello from Teroot. We played Lake County Red Devils. Oh, we won our first game. That's really cool. Well, good job. So glad about that. And you're going to be here Thursday. Nice. >> All they have to do is allow selection of updates. Yeah. And for a while they did on the phone. They had like they do like little security updates and you could stay on iOS 25 or whatever. But the Mac or I think my my school it you know they they just required the update that emailed the tech guy. And I was like, "Why did it do this?" He's like, "Yeah, I'm sorry. It's a corporate thing." And I was like, "Okay." I guess it's mandated to go after so many refusals no matter what. And I'm like literally teaching. And it was like, "Your computer's restarting." I'm like, "No." Lucky for them and lucky for me. I actually used to um I actually used to work in the uh pre you know using the computer for everything times. So I was able to I'm able to um I was able to just teach it from the piano. I was like all right here I'm going to show you the chords while it's restarting. It's our President's Day break, so the kids won't miss too much. School. Nice. >> Vanilla caramel latte sounds very appetizing. I bet grabbing one an hour ago. There's always tomorrow. Yeah, they're always there for sure. They're not going anywhere. Liam's been super excited about um espresso. Um not espresso. Just kidding. That's the wrong thing. Not espresso. Let me say that again. Liam's been super excited about um McDonald's because he's not usually interested in McDonald's, but they have changeables which are super fun. And um the changeables are um like Transformers at McDonald's. So they've got little Transformers that are like food items and bags and whatever. And uh so he's got a couple of those. So, yesterday we went to McDonald's and I um I don't know if they'll let you buy a toy separately at McDonald's. Like if you can just buy when I worked there, you could just there was a button to just do toy only. So, say if somebody wanted a happy meal and an extra toy, like you could do that. I didn't ask. I just ordered two happy meals. I ate one of them, he ate the other one. So, I had a happy meal with Liam. So, he could get two of the toys. >> Actual instruments ever require rebooting. Liam loves coffee. Yes. Sorry, I got distracted by the latte discussion. But no, um Liam really did enjoy um he does enjoy the uh little Transformer changeables. Hey, Ginger. The trans the little uh Transformer changeable things. They're not official Transformers, but they're really really cool. >> Hi, how can I help you, sir? >> Um I got this. Does this um Does this >> a Coke? Does this does this coupon work for the Coke here? Does that work for the Coke? >> No, I don't think it doesn't work. A snack a snack coupon. Let me see. >> Okay. It said soft drink, but I wasn't sure. That's fine. No problem if not. >> No, sir. No, >> 586. >> Um, no. I'd like a chocolate chip cookie. >> A chocolate chip cookie. And your name, sir? >> Josh. >> Josh. >> Uh, chocolate chip cookie. Yep. will be 1096. >> Okay, I just got to find my card. There it is. There it is. Okay. by my house. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> All right. So, no, can't get the Coke there. Uh somewhere I'll just get a snack with it next time. That's all right. That coupon's good till like September or something, so we're good. I'll use it next time. I I almost just told him to I almost just told him I was going to put the Coke back, but I was like, "Ah, not worth it." I could have gone somewhere else to get a Coke, but that's just extra work. So, we will get a we'll use the snack coupon next time. David's coming down this weekend. I'll get David a snack with it. All right. So pretty. >> Thank you. Why walk twice? I know right here. Let me um let's see what uh let's see what show is about to start happening here. Oh, it's Rainbow Connection. Oh, how nice. Let's find it. I heard this song live. I loved every minute of it. The lovers, the dreamers. >> Oh, they're doing that. I call my name. I need my >> You can't really see it. Someday. Amen. Yes, they do taste the same as the ones at MK. >> This one's a little bigger. >> Yeah, >> that animal's awesome. Well, thanks for staying with me. >> I'm on a diet. I know I should be. I was and then I wasn't. Then I was and then I wasn't. >> That's why I don't usually get snacks late at night except for on Saturdays cuz I've already walked all day. >> Oh well, whatever. start walking towards the uh the viewing area. As Jenna says, walk through Epcot Park here. Yep. Always ready for cookies. Well, stay tuned for Luminous. What is this? I really he didn't. Those are cool. I like it. I love all these are concept design interns and they they have these concepts that are obviously used. Sarah Connor, huh? Straight out of Terminator. They to I mean they totally used all of that stuff. >> How cool. Oh, thanks Patriot. We're here. That's pretty neat. I like that. That's cool to see behind the scenes. And then just think about how somebody could just come up with that straight from their brain. I'm glad some people have that skill. I am not blessed with that skill. I am blessed with a lot of other skills, but not that one. Blessed with the skill of talking too much. Sometimes it even makes sense every once in a while. Sometimes I feel like I'm talking and teaching so much throughout the day like my brain like glitches halfway through and like sometimes I'll always it'll just like skip a track like some student asked me a very reasonable you know great question and I was like about a song that we were working on a piece and I was like somehow my brain skipped the track and was like oh you mean like to use it as a ringtone and that was not at all what he asked and he was like what he's like I'm sorry my brain just totally He skipped the track. I don't know what I was talking about for a second. I literally just like turned off and turned back on. I was like, "Let me try that again." And actually answer your question. He just laughed. He's like, "It's fine. >> You guys are so good today. >> Just scream at them. Stop running. >> Inspires me to draw. I may screenshot these using some watercolor pencils. Why not print them out? And skip a tra skip the best part. Excuse me while I shut down my brain and reboot. Oh, sorry. My brain just updated. The update didn't take very well. Right. Talking about updates. My brain updated to the latest version. No, if my brain updated it would be perfect. All right, because I guess that update would have to come from God and then it would be perfect, right? >> So, I don't know. Not sure. But definitely it skipped the track. >> I totally do that. I find myself answering someone's question from five minutes ago that I forgot to answer completely out of nowhere and with no context. That's the best. I love that. I can relate to that. I taught technology for 25 years. Yeah, I'm sure Jenna made it funny last time at the end of the stream. She said Amazon instead 81. Really? That's so funny. We We got bought out by Amazon. You guys just didn't know. Ah, we would we would never do that for the record. All right. >> Yeah. Hopefully all the walking counteracts the coke and the whatever. >> Yes. I need You're right, Paul. Yeah. I need to ride rock and roller coaster again. I've done a GoPro video of it, but problem is GoPro is the only thing you can record it with now. And I I don't have a way to um GoPro is really bad in the dark. So, I don't have a way to get a good video of it, unfortunately. Because GoPro is like the worst thing to record it with, but it's the only thing you can record it with because of the uh you know, restriction on holding things, which I totally get because it's a dangerous ride. Like it's the only upside down ride at Disney World, right? Yeah. Still, even with Guardians and Tron, they don't go upside down. It's only rock and roller coaster. Funky funky luminous music. Funky pre-show music playlist. It's a playlist of music. >> Hello, Jolly Jato. I asked you a favor. Well, it depends on what it is. You can always ask. It just depends on whether I'll be able to do it or not. I held him for two minutes. >> Oh, perfect. Hi. >> Let me save a little battery. I'll be right back. Oh, I'm not going to go into uh Disney Traders right now. Sorry. Cuz I I want to get a good spot for the fireworks. We only have a couple minutes left. That would be right there. I'm sorry. Oh, people are sitting on the ground because um it's I'm sure they want to rest their feet, but they'll make us stand up here in a minute anyway. So, I'm just going to stay right here. Should the resort DV1 fans have a meet up? Sure. >> We need to do it sometime. So, here real quick. Everybody go over really quick and subscribe to um Resort TV 247. It's my newest channel. Um and it's got some great videos on there and you do not want to miss any of them. I mean, subscribe to this channel, too. But >> yeah, go subscribe to Resort TV 24/7, please. We'd appreciate it. I got all this music memorized. I'll send you guys over to the 247 channel here in just a few minutes, but I will be putting a ride stream up there soon. And I can't wait. Got so many rides on it already. So, I put up this video 4K, beautiful, perfect day. Go watch that. That's on 24/7. Also, the Christmas one's on there if you want to do that. Uh, actually, it's on this channel. And then, uh, let's see. Here it is. That's the mainstream. Oh, it's in Epcot now. That's fun. So, go check it out. Uh, Resort TV 24/7. >> If you haven't subscribed, you're missing out. Also, on the ride stream, it's going to have um the ride stream is actually going to have um what do you call it? Oh, the ride stream is going to have uh fireworks on it, too. And I got to decide if I want um if I want Disneyland rides too or just keep it Disney World. I got to decide. Ian Chadwick 5bs from Ian Shabwick. Thank you so much. Uh Ian Shabwick. Thank you. Uh yeah, that was a good stream from from um it wasn't from Fort Wilderness, but um 24-hour stream from Animal Kingdom Lodge. Yeah, last year that was fun. >> Yeah. Thank you, Ian, for the $5 or5 pound uh super chat endless commentary. Free wonderful scrolls. That's right. There's no narration on any of those. Yes, I'm going to do Yes, I will do former fireworks. So, my plan is to make a playlist um of a couple different shows and just rotate shows in and out. So, like um for a few days it might be Happily Ever After and Luminous. Uh it might be illuminations, it might be all kinds of things. So I'm I'm planning on Yes. doing different uh fireworks. >> Don't let that to happen again. We watched it so many times. That would be fun. It was hard to keep hard to keep uh awake. Anyway, all right. Here we go. >> Good evening. Tonight, we invite you to join us for Lumis the Symphony. Due to low light levels during the show, we ask that you please watch yourself and be sure to take small children by your hand. Tonight's performance of the symphony of us will begin in just a few minutes. Sorry, I'm trying to plug in my battery. JG run Disney wants to take the midnight shift and run around. Nice. Yeah. I wanted to make sure I have wanted to make sure I uh have battery for the whole the whole show here. Fire off a Roman candle. Yeah, know Disney definitely wouldn't like that. All right, here we go. Enjoy luminous. Welcome to the great gathering. >> Welcome. >> Welcome. >> We are with you. Mahaba welcome you very welcome. Everyone on this earth is part of the great symphony of us. Each of us a unique instrument playing harmony to one another. And even though we are all playing different parts, it's our unified heartbeat that connects us, reminding us that we are more alike than we are different. A rap city of rhythms that unites us and connects us through commonalities of the heart. Yeah. Come find your place in the great symphony of us. through the trees. You could be a million far in you are a far away. I am a part of you. My song you Oh, you are Yeah. Heat. When we are poor, we come into this world of raw noise, cradled in tenderness. We tune ourselves to the world around us. I'm stuck in crying. It'll be all right. Just take my hand, hold it tight. You'll be my heart. You be my stay. I will be here to shine. in my heart. My heart We begin to understand what our instrument can do. We find our voice and add it to the ensemble of our ancestors, our family. Lord forever. Heat. Heat. We begin to recognize the music in others. Turning notes and improvising, music becomes delaying. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Sometimes we find another and our melodies land. As suddenly with the hum of our heartstrings, our world becomes a duet. All the world is cold. music. Oh, I need you. So close. We So close. So close. So far, >> inevitably in life, the accompaniment drops out. and we experience great loss. We find that the melodies we cherish are gone and for a moment we are playing alone. When somebody loved me, everything was beautiful. And when she was happy, so was I. When she was very moment, every hour together within my heart. Now it's all just she and I was when she me But we are never truly alone. >> Sing out so others can hear you. The music we make echoes back at us in chorus, in concert, in symphony. Heat. Heat. for the sounds of each other. Heat. Heat. All everything is different. I love you. How miraculous that we exist on this planet at the same time. And yet it's the human connection that unifies us. A pulse, a beat, a gravity. of our hearts is all about a catch a friendly sounding heart to the stars for all the world to Never steady. Can you feel it here? heart. Oh, heat, heat. Oh yeah. Heat. in the great symphony of us. We wish you a wonderful evening. >> Thank you. Oh, there you have it. >> Luminous. Hope you enjoyed it. So, we're going to head out. I'm going to get to bed on time tonight again. That'll be good. But I hope that you guys enjoy the stream tonight. We will send you over to the 247 channel. And I'd love for as many of you over there as possible, but you can continue the conversation that we started in the chat here. There's also a chat over there. So on the 24/7 channel, you can chat as well. So now, some devices don't do don't do the best job of forwarding you over. So moppers can post the link like they always do to the 247 channel. So definitely check that out. >> So there you go. So that's here. Let's see if we can see it over here. I think you have to kind of Okay. Wow, that's fun. Anyway, so yeah, come on over to the 24/7. That's a good ring or that's a good uh text tone, the Zelda secret unlocked tone. Anyway, Yeah, come on over to 247. >> Thanks, Mr. Master. Yeah, we're uh Jenna probably be live tomorrow. She's usually live in the afternoon. >> Maybe she'll be live in the evening. I don't know. >> Hey, June. Thank you. >> Yeah, Jenna does some YouTube shorts. We do more on Instagram uh shorts and things. I just posted the short of uh Mary Poppins and Bert dancing with Grayson playing piano. So that was cool. Uh so I posted that on all the things. I posted it here on YouTube and on Facebook and Instagram and all that. So go check that out. I guess I didn't post it on Tik Tok. But Tik Tok's kind of pointless most of the time. At least for us. I just I don't don't have any interest in posting there too much, but at least we have one, I guess. I don't know why. I'm just not a Tik Tok fan. But either way, um, >> we do have a bunch of stuff in a bunch of places, so go follow us on all the things. Also, if you like retro stuff, I have my retro channel, Retro TV1 Tech. That's another one you can go check out. I haven't posted there as much as I'd like to, but it's still there and there's still a lot of good videos on there. If you like retro tech, it's a lot of fun. Eventually, I'm going to add new videos to it. Maybe when I retire, I can start doing all these videos I have ideas for. Hey, the stuff will still be retro in 9 years, right? It'll still be retro. Jenna has a vlog at 9:00 a.m. She may be live in the afternoon, but not confirmed. Oh, okay. Oh, interesting. She usually doesn't stream if she has a vlog because it usually takes away views from the vlog, but who knows? All right. Well, check them all out. All the things Thanks, Emara. I appreciate that. Pretty cool seeing Mary Poppins dancing. Yes, for sure. And Grayson is a great piano player. It'll be extra extra retro. That's right, Ginger. That's the cool thing about retro. It just gets more retro as we go on. It doesn't It never gets less retro. I feel like that's something Cardboard Box would say, right? Isn't that a cardboard box saying? I feel like that's like something exactly like something he would say. >> The great thing about retro is it only gets more retro. >> It never gets less retro. >> Cuz that would be going back in time. >> Yeah. Jenna Jenna Stef will be on Resort TV 1 here. >> All right. No worries, Miss Disney fam. You can always watch the replays. Sorry, I was getting bubbled in the face there. I got to back up a little bit. But yeah, um I don't mind the bubbles unless I'm hitting them in the eyes. No, I didn't actually know till I Mara posted it. He probably messaged Jenna and she messaged him back. I could have done that, too, but I was just being lazy. Sorry. Yeah, join us on uh join us on Retro TV. No, sorry. Well, you can join us there, too. But join us on uh Resort TV 24/7 for the uh the afterparty. The 24-hour afterparty. Chest the books. It's box. It's boxish indeed. I love that. That's hard to say. Boxish. >> The door TV. >> Yes. >> How you doing? >> Good. How are you? >> I watch you guys. Awesome. You guys have a you great I mean you feed the problem when we can't be here. So >> appreciate that. >> You said I feed the problem. I love that. >> That's like sounds like that. Uh what's that? U the big uh Rocky Horror. Is it No, the not Rocky Horror. The the one where the Sema with the plant and he keeps getting fed. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> I can't ever think of it. That one. Yeah. I always get those two confused. Yeah. Little shop. That's the one feeds feeds the problem. You're addiction. So, >> well, happy to help. >> Thank you so much. You guys all >> We were stuck in 3 ft of snow up. >> Yikes. >> Yeah, this is like resort TV. >> Yeah, I know. We can do it. I heard up like not maybe not up there, but I heard it warmed up like No, somebody said in Michigan it warmed up to 40. Yeah, that's >> We're actually missing that right now. >> And I was like, "Oh, it's going to be warm. It was 40°." >> Hey, if the sun comes out, you may even melt some snow. >> Exactly. And then it all turns to mud. >> I know. >> Oh, yay. >> I remember that. >> I remember that. >> Oh, yeah. >> We were up in New York a couple weeks ago and I my friend was driving, but I was watching the driving and I was like, "Oh, yeah. I forgot how up north like randomly one lane is not plowed." It's like, "Oh, this lane went away." Exactly. >> Like if you're driving down the road and you're like, "Oh, you know, or oh, this turn lane doesn't exist anymore." Like the road's plowed, but like they didn't quite get it perfect. You know, >> they call it just the lane. >> Yeah. And you got to look real quick and like, "Yes, I can get over." Or, "Nope, now we're either going in the snow or slamming on the brakes." Like, >> good times, right? >> You guys, >> thank you so much for what you do. >> Yeah, you guys have a good night, man. >> Almost 50 in Chicago. Nice. That really is shorts weather up in Chicago this time of year. >> I mean, what is it now? 60. And I'm in short sleeves and shorts and I'm fine. Jenna would be cold. I really do think just a couple days and super cold and I'm like still cold sometimes but not like I have a new perspective. My body recalibrated slightly. Uh JL $10. Did you hear Disney is resorting Star Wars for its unaltered form? Also, would they put the 2006 bonus dicks mascer into I I don't know, J. I'm not really sure, bud. I'm not really sure. Thank you though for the $10 super chat. >> I don't know what you mean by resorting, but maybe reposting re something re redoing it. Who knows? Let me get out of the way here. All right. So, wow. It's actually I like the palm trees, but it's actually nice. Spacely birth is just totally clear right now. They cut the palm trees down and you can see so much better. Now they need to cut these trees down or move them or something because it makes the makes the picture from the back not as good. All right. Well, thank you everybody. Restoring. Okay. Remember we couldn't open the door in the parking lot and then we Yes, David. I know. I I opened the door Oh, yeah. David drove um part of the way too and I remember uh he parked and he's like, "Can you get out?" I was like, "I don't know. Let's try." And like, "Yeah, I could, but like it was uh very very difficult. I made it." Like the door the snow was up so high the door actually um the door of his car actually scraped the snow and I was like, "Oh yeah, that's all the further I can open this one. Anyway, thanks everybody. Uh check out all the awesome sponsors. Links are in the description. I did a terrible job with that today." Uh mickeys.com and mickeyblog.com if you want to book your next trip to Walt Disney World. mickeytravels.com and mickeyblog.com to book your next trip to Walt Disney World. Also, Resort TV1 Homes if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida. Resort TV1 Homes if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida. We also have um I should not do all this at the end. I'm sorry. Um we also have David's DVC Rentals, dbcrequest.com/tv dbcrequest.com/tv. Go check out David's DVC Rentals to rent your next DVC room. even if you're not a member. It's dbcrequest.com/tv. We also have Dreamtable, which is a great app on the App Store. If you want to get the hardest to find reservations here at Walt Disney World, just go check out Dreamtable on the App Store. It's on the iOS app store only, search for Dreamtable. Again, it searches up reservations for you and notifies you when it finds them. It's really cool. Dream Table on the App Store. Also, uh we have Behind the Ride on Amazon and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Go check it out. Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Both awesome books. We also have uh layer 1 technology support at layer1 technology.com. If you have uh infrastructure or IT needs for your small or mediumsiz business, just go to layer1 technology. You can go to layer1etchnology.com or support at layerontenology.com is the email to contact. And we also have platinum members. People who support the stream of $50 a month and we shout them out on every stream. We appreciate them so much. Platinum members are the following. We also appreciate all of our resort hopper members. Bronze, silver, gold, platinum. All of you. Platinum members are total care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mirth, Go Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer, and Mickey William Lily, my crazy grown-up wife, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jayla Moxy. Hi, how are you? >> Good. Cicander Dani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan J. So there you go. So, thank you Platinum members, thank you moppers, thank you hoppers, thank you Patreon members. Yeah, and we'll see you guys uh Friday. Friday Night Live. Fun times. Here we go. All right. Uh I'll see you on the 247 channel. Is this right? Yeah. Okay, there we go. Sorry, it was a little weird with the brightness. Look, there's a rainbow next to me. Anyway, yeah. So, it'd be cool. Like I like the trees, but it'd be cool if those were gone so that it would be a total view of Spaceship Earth. I think that would be pretty awesome. One of these days, maybe. All right. Ooh, JL again. Uh $5 super chat. They're restoring uh those prints for the 50th. Very cool, JL. Very cool. Thank you so much for the other super chat. We appreciate it. All right, guys. Well, we will see you very, very soon. Thank you again for all the support, all the super chats, all the things. You guys are the best. And uh yeah, Jenna might be live tomorrow, but she has a vlog or something at 9:00. We'll see. Uh and I I probably have videos now pretty much every Tuesday and Thursday morning just posting some of the clips from the streams. So if you want to help us out and watch those, that'd be pretty awesome. All right, we'll see you soon. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Happy birthday.
