---
video_id: vdVsO20LGE4
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Saturday Night Live at Magic Kingdom - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 3-14-26"
published: 2026-03-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdVsO20LGE4
---
supposed to do right Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I am live here for Saturday Night Live here at the Magic Kingdom. And as you can see, the castle is looking very finished. I'm not going to say it is finished because they may have more things to do to it, but it's looking very finished. So, if we look at this zoom here, it is pretty much complete. That lighter color seems to be what they used for the trim, and then the darker color seems to be what they painted over it more recently. Maybe I miss seeing it, but it looks like it's done. So, there you go. Hi, everybody. Hi, Ginger. Hi, Snoopy girl. Hi, Phil. That's a look at that, huh? Oh, and then maybe they're Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, they are starting the spires. Look at Okay, look, look, look. You can see right Oh, you can even see where it actually stops here. If you look at that tower right in the middle there, it looks like the the back is painted darker and the front is painted still the older lighter color. And actually, I think it was closer to that color to begin with, but they they just um ended up, you know, it ended up fading over time. >> So, yeah, that's definitely if you look at the turrets on the left and the ones on the right, it's a big difference. And especially in that main tower in the middle, it changes right in the middle. Right. Uh there changes right in the middle. >> So, that's pretty interesting. >> I like that. Looks nice. >> So, this is kind of like the finished product right here is what you can see with the back turret there. How the darker color. And remember, this is Florida sun, so it never stays like this very long. But, uh, it definitely looks nice. So, there you go. Let me zoom out just a little bit so you can see a little better. Yeah, that's nice. >> It look It does look great against the blue sky. That is true. Quite a difference indeed. I like it. I knew I was going to like it, but I do. This confirms that I like it. Let's go all the way out. There you go. Now you can get a better look at it there. >> So, let's kind of go all the way around while we're starting here. I hadn't really planned to do this at the beginning, but let's uh let's go all the way around. tomato. Tomato. Yeah, exactly. Sometimes, you know, it's like you think you may or may not like it, but then you see it and you're like, "Yeah, actually I like it." So, here here's a here's a great view here. The middle turret right there or middle tower right there. It's very light in color. And if you look up there, there's that darker blue. So, you can see both of those colors kind of together in combination. And then the very top tower here, the very top blue tower, I should say. The top tower is gold, but the very top blue tower is the dark blue color. So, yeah, you can definitely see all those colors right there. That's fun. Hey, Kurt. Hey, Jason. I might as well start it here while we got great great lighting to show us off. It is very regal. I agree. the dragon. >> John Pierro says my future house. Yeah, right. >> It was >> I will probably post this as a separate update video. So, if you're watching this as an update video and wondering who am I talking to, it's the live stream chat and you should join the live stream next time. If you find this video and not sure about the rest of the channel, most people that find these videos are watch the channel anyway, so they know I'm probably talking to the chat, but I'll post this separately so you can kind of see everything. and all the updates. >> So that looks nice. >> All right, let's get over here and see what it looks like from backside of castle. The back side of castle is very beautiful. So, give me just a second. Let's back up as far back as we can here and we'll check it out. Fantasy Sports Boss says I should put all my videos from piano playing together. I'm assuming you mean it. Grand Fidian, but yeah, that uh might be fun. It would just be hard to find them all over hundreds of live streams, but yes, it would be fun. It looks nice. Yeah. So, there's no pink anymore. The pink is gone. >> Yes, we will do a 360° tour. Wow, it looks different for sure. >> Very nice. All right, let's go around. Oh, the Disney family crest we see over the main arch. Oh. Oh, I see. Okay. So, that that's the Disney family crest right there. >> Interesting. I did not know that. That is super cool. How fun. See, you guys you guys are way better tour guides than me. All right, let's go around the left hand side of it or right hand depending on which way you're looking at it. >> It looks very nice. I just wondered if the gray would be slightly darker, but said there's no I mean, they're not done yet for sure. The uh the lifts and everything are still in the moat, so they may they didn't paint much today cuz there was rain today as you can see by the wet pavement, but they're they may still have some painting to do. So, who knows? >> My super chat doesn't work. What's your PayPal? Oh, Chuck Polly, thank you so much. It's um if you just go to um PayPal.tv1 resort TV1. Uh moppers, if you can post that, paypal.me resortv1. >> So, the castle suite uh was easier to see from the other side, but it was where those three windows were together. >> It's a little back lit here, but it looks nice still. >> Yeah. Thanks, Chuck. All right, let's go this way. is indeed a beautiful, beautiful evening. Oh, Jay, they moved the crest. That's interesting. Got back to Canada from our 17 night trip. Wow, Eden, that's amazing. My goodness, it was so great to meet you guys. You can't really see much there because of the sun, but let's go around a little further. A little further. >> Hey, Tennessee Bear. Yeah, I like the new colors, too. You can see the mode is still drained other than just any rain water that comes in. Hi, Pam. >> Hello, Age of Retro. And again, if you're watching this in the clipped out update version, I'm talking to all the people in the live stream chat and you should join next time. >> Sun is bright. Phil says, "Picture looks great." Thanks. Oh my goodness. >> Wow, that's bright. Oh, thank you, Chuck. I'll check that here in just a second. That is so kind. Let me get around to the front here and then I'll give you guys the final view of the update. It is hard at this time of day to see much from this side because of the bright suns. Oh, that's okay, Jay. Wherever you got the information about the Walt Disney crest, that's very interesting. We all get our information from, you know, variety of different sources over the years, and it's nice that we get to share all of that together on these streams and videos and things. on that other. >> There we go. Now we can see from the front definitely. Now, of course, these didn't get any updates, these little side side towers, but the front is the big update because last time we were here, the front side of castle was not complete. And now it is. My goodness. Look at this. >> Wow. There you go. Let me get a nice close view here for you guys. Yeah, that looks nice. >> Again, Chuck was very, very generous. I want to read his PayPal here in just a minute. But this is so cool. Look at this. So there you go. That is your castle update. I think it looks amazing. Chuck says it looks way better in the OG colors. Nice. >> I agree. Actually get some good pictures of it for thumbnails. Here I got some. Okay. All right, guys. So, Chuck Paulie sent $200 on PayPal, which is so so generous. Thank you so much, Chuck. Wow, that is so so kind. and Chuck. The the awesome thing about that um besides the obvious um amazing generosity is that uh um we actually get to keep um it looks like PayPal only takes about $5 as a fee. So, we get to keep $195 out of that, which is so so nice. So, thank you so much, Chuck. Um and uh on YouTube, they take about 30% uh of those. And so, it's so nice. Uh it works through PayPal very very well. And then when you guys are super generous to us like that, uh more of it goes towards towards the stream and towards us rather than than YouTube and Google. So, thank you very very much for that. That is so kind. A lot of people don't know the uh the Google take. And then if you do it on an Apple device, it's an extra 15% that Apple gets. So fun. But yeah, thanks Chuck. I appreciate that very much. And like I said, a lot of people there's, you know, they don't tell you that when you send it, so you wouldn't know. But again, we appreciate the generosity no matter what. But it is super cool that Yeah. said they only PayPal only takes like a it's not even $5 on everyone. It's it's a percentage, but on something like that it's about $5. So, that's so kind. Thanks, Chucky. He said, "I'll use that from now on." There are new walls in Frontier Lab. Well, let's go check it out. I actually didn't see any, but I probably just didn't notice. Hopefully, the other Josh will not paint the castle pink or candy cane for a long time. Well, to be fair, the castle has only been painted anything other than pink or gray and blue one time for the birthday cake castle, which was so cool. But again, thank you so much, Chuck. Oh, here. I was going to selfie. There we go. Let's see if you can see me. Wait, wait. There we go. The uh wind screen is in the way. This phone's got a little bit of a different windcreen arrangement. Let's go this way. There we go. Perfect. So, anyway, thank you, Chuck. I'm wearing my uh have my people call your people shirt. So that is so so kind. So thanks again. Hearts in the chat for Chuck. And uh yes, it is looking great this castle here. And good evening everybody. Welcome. All right, let me get out of the out of all the out of all the the pictures here. I've always appreciated the content over the years. Well, thanks Chuck. We appreciate that you appreciate it and all the support as well. Uh Ranada to go. to go. Congrats on 28 months of Bruss bronze. Hey Josh, does Magic Band golden castle still golden statues still working? Yes, they do. They sure do. If you have a Magic Band, your golden golden statues will indeed work. So that is a great question. But yes, oh yeah, happy Pi Day. That's right. 3.1415. That's as far as I go. I used to know more than that, but you know, my brain was like, "You don't need that anymore." I was like, "No, you're right." Oh, thanks, Ginger. Hey, Tiger Tail, John. No, but like I said, everybody, all the generous support helps keep all this stuff possible and also it helps um you know, upgrades like this uh awesome S26 Ultra. So, yeah, the Magic Band Plus and the golden statues do still work. I never bring my Magic Band. I need to just bring it so we can like play around with the statues and listen to them on the stream. We got a little bit of rain here, so it's it's a moat's filled back up a little bit. 3.1415926535 897923. Nice. >> Oh, that's right. The castle was decorated for Stitch. Yes. For the opening of that show, Stitch's Great Escape. He just teepeeed it. But yes, it was apparently the teepee from what I understand. We talked to uh Imagineers or somebody that worked here at the time about it. It was basically just fabric cuz obviously real toilet paper would have um just disintegrated in the rain. So they just they just put fabric strips on it. Pi day was canceled. My house due to circumference is beyond my control. Oh my goodness. Hey Mr. Master Jay, you are too funny. All right, let's go this way. Oh, excuse us. Oh, you're fine. >> All right, and then we'll probably go ride something. It's a very chill night tonight. Let's see. Check my weight times here real quick for all you guys. See where we get to official app has been struggling a little bit. It's on It's on the struggle bus. Pirates is only 20. So, we could do that. Small World is five. I did Small World earlier. I actually wanted to um just record a 4K video. I didn't have any 4K Small World videos, so I want to do some of those type of rides, but anyway. Yeah. So, I may get back I may get on Small World here in a little bit because we don't normally do that one, and I think I would do it on the stream. Oh. Oh, COP. Yeah, we'll see. We'll see if we have time. If not, I'll probably be back here on Tuesday. So, we'll try and do it Tuesday if we can. Either way, we'll see. I might do an extended Tranquil Tuesday since I don't normally get to do that since I'm on spring break this week. >> Good news is though, Carousel Progress runs uh pretty frequently on my uh 24-hour ride stream. I mean, you know, not all the time, but it is shuffled. So, every once in a while, Carousel Progress comes up. So, if you want to check that out, it's uh at our new channel, Resort TV 247. Again, that's Resort TV 247. Oh, yeah. There's the new walls. Wow. So, yeah, Resort TV 24/7. And there's a new ride stream on there that plays rides 24 hours a day. I just updated it with Guardians of the Galaxy and Rock and Roller Coaster. I'm eventually going to add, this is interesting. I'm eventually going to add on um Small World and Safari and a few other things. So, yeah. Look, it's like a tunnel here. See Big Thunder back there, which apparently Big Thunder's going to open sometime in the next couple months. Probably early summer is what it's looking like. >> Of course, the time change happened, so it stays light much longer, which means that the first Starlight Parade is at 8:15 and the fireworks are moved back to 9:30. Second Starlight Parade's at 10:00 and the park closes at 11:00. So that's the schedule. So this is just like a little wall around this for some reason. Huh. Interesting. >> I wonder if that little walkway path is eventually just going to be a uh >> this is just going to be like a little outpost or something. I don't know. >> That's actually a speaker in there. Well, the car thing like accelerated entirely. >> Speaking of high def and high def TV and laser disc. Yeah. Any chance of tech talk? I mean, you know, there's always a chance of tech talk. This is interesting. >> Looks like there used to be a stream there. Mom's doing great. They're home. She and dad are home and they were home last night. So, they're doing great. This is interesting. They must they must be adding more walls in soon. I'm sure they're going to rethe some of this. But yeah, I don't remember that canoe being there. >> Yes, they do. They have >> Has that canoe always been there? >> Have I just not seen it? >> You can do multiple safari vids. Yep, I sure can. Yeah. So, I don't know. I don't remember that. Like I said, I don't remember that canoe being here. Yeah. It's like it's like they added some stuff there. I don't remember any of that. I also don't remember that little circle path there. So, I I guess that's the only only uh new wall. Unless there's some over I got to go on the trip of Lifetime Disneyland to Disney cruise ending at Disney World. That sounds like an awesome trip. Let's go down this way and see if there's any more. That sun is killer. Canoe has always been there. Okay, I'll have to go back and look at some of my older videos. I probably saw it and just didn't notice it like I overlooked it. Yeah. So, here you go. Hi, Tracy. Hi, Sandy. Sab Bear doesn't remember the canoe and I've spent a lot of time walking through the park. Yeah. So, some people saying yes, some people saying no. Interesting. Either way, I would think they'd have to keep this path open through the refurbishment, at least mostly because otherwise you can't get around the parade at all. Here comes the uh here comes the parade stuff. >> So, you're good. >> And this is a uh loading platform. It's actually it was a a secondary unloading place for the rafts just in case there was ever an issue. Uh the temperature right now 79. Yes, Elizabeth, that is pretty much what it represents. The Mississippi River dividing continental United States from west to east. Yeah. It's always funny to me, too, cuz I mean, obviously, the Mississippi River is totally, you know, is totally um a huge very important river, but it's definitely not in the in the middle. It's definitely towards definitely justified towards the east. Yeah, the weather's very nice right now. >> There we go. >> All right, let me know in the chat in on uh Tiana's or Splash Mountain when you used to ride Splash Mountain when you ride Tiana's now. >> Poncho or no poncho? >> I'm a no poncho kind of guy. I feel like part of the fun is getting wet. So, what do you guys think? Tiana's got quite a long line right now, so we'll probably save that. >> No poncho. No poncho. Like, I'm not judging anybody that wears them, but it it is I feel like it's more fun without No poncho sitting in the back. That's fair. That's the That's the best of both worlds there. Sorry, it's hard to see anything with the sun. Okay, that's fair. >> Hi. >> Hi. Are you going back to California this year? No, not this year. Poncho for sure. I don't usually even have a poncho. So funny. I have my umbrella, though, cuz it was rainy earlier tonight. I did actually use it, too. >> It's supposed to say when it's stupid hot and cools you down. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, definitely no poncho when it's when it's really really hot. Then you don't get the cool down effect as much without that. Oh, the line for beignet is serious. No poncho, Shaggy says. Debbie says, "No poncho, girl. Depends on time of day and temperature. Depends on the weather is cool. Okay, fair. Stream looks a little dark. Yeah, just because the sun is bright. >> This should be fine now. >> What's the point of wearing a poncho on a water ride? You're supposed to get wet. I That's kind of my feeling, but again, I know everybody has their own ideas. I never even thought of wearing a poncho when I was little cuz we had ponchos. You know, they were the big Remember those big yellow ones that they used to have? Mickey on the back and now they're clear or clearish. Trans translucent would be the best thing. Best description. But yeah, they used to have those and now they uh they have the translucent. But either way, I I just never used them even when they were yellow. All right. Well, we can go on pirates here real quick. It looks like Well, let's look at what it looks like. It >> does look slightly longer than 20. >> Yeah, we'll come back. That looks longer than 20. We'll try that again here in a little bit. All right. Oh, it's not going back and forth as much, but we'll come back. All right, the amazing Jaylen Mox Lee. $20. How do you love the Samsung S26 Ultra? What are your favorite features on a new phone? Give me more than one favorite feature. My favorite is the privacy feature. And live translate. That's cool. I like the privacy feature, too. Now, I don't use the privacy feature, of course, when I'm streaming because, you know, what I'm showing is just the camera view, so obviously I don't need it to be private, but yeah, we'll come back to pirates then. Looks like it's it's longer than 20 right now. Thanks, Jaylen. Yeah, that's that's what I like. So, you got it, too. Very cool. Live translate is also very cool. I saw some ponchos up for pirates. Yeah. Now, that one I don't you don't get that well on pirates. A little bit maybe, but that's about it. Let's go do Small World. Why not? It looks like it was a pretty low weight. >> We'll come back for pirates. What What is Jungle Cruise right now? >> Let's see. I guess we're about to pass by it. That' probably be easier to see when you actually pass by it. My gosh, you guys are super generous tonight. Thank you so much. Uh, let's just check real quick. 45 for Jungle Cruise. We did Jungle Cruise last week, which was super fun. $10 from jail. Did you watch all the Spider-Man movies on Disney Plus yet? They also have We're out at HBO Max. Very cool. No, I don't have HBO Max anymore. We let that one go. Yeah, I just not super interested in watching movies, but I'm glad that you uh I'm glad that you enjoy them. And thank you for the super chat. I don't know. I'm just not much of a movie person. Movies and TV, I just I don't have the patience anymore to sit around and watch as much. I'm usually busy doing something. Every once in a while, mood strikes me, I'll watch something, but not super often. Or if I'm with friends, maybe. >> Thanks, Shale. >> No, she's ahead. Oh, >> you actually get pretty wet in Pirates at Disneyland. Has two drops. It does. Yes, it does indeed. >> Depends on It's like a lot of rides. It depends on where you sit and how the boats weighted and all those kind of things, but yes, you can for sure. be curious to see how the new phone handles the signal inside of Small World as well. Uh, let's see. How should we get over there? Uh, let's go this way. Probably be a little easier. Busy in here. >> A store in there. Island Supply Company. Oh, you can see the Haunted Mansion. You guys can't see it, but the Haunted Mansion. Uh, scrim. There it is. And also the construction. Can definitely see it. >> Interesting. >> The canoes go off in the water at the right time. Yeah. Could be >> canoes. You're talking about the boats at pirates. Yeah. >> Hey, Noel. Go a vest. That's >> last night's fireworks were great as usual. Awesome. Well, we'll watch from our more traditional Main Street spot where the music is a little louder tonight, but it's good to do a little bit different. Uh good to do a little bit different views sometimes along the way. Got lots of YouTube vids and twohour long podcast. My movies are hard now. I know. Isn't it weird? I'm like not as patient with movies anymore, but some people still really like them, which is good. There's some movies we we do want to go see pretty soon. I do want to see the Mario movie, and Liam wants to see Pop Fizz movie cuz we always watched we always read those books to him when he was a kid. So, I'll be excited to see that with him as well. I'm sure we're not expecting artistic cinema on that one. But, you know what? It should be fun. >> I don't know. Sometimes the artistic cinema is a little too much anyway. All right. Yeah. Settle in and enjoy. Oh, the canon fire. Got it. Four parts. You are correct. Yes. It depends on how it's timed. Yeah, absolutely. Now I understand. I thought you said canoe. I was like canoe. I can't see him. Canoe. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha haunted mansion was lined up all the way back here earlier. Mandu Mandu, Mando and Grou are tops on my list. Brad says, "I like Mando and Grou." Mandu and Grou go. >> Yeah, that was a plane. Oh, wow. That's low. >> Oh, lower than normal. It must have been landing somewhere close by. They don't usually get the the clearance to go through there. We were talking to pilot Eric about that. I guess they have to have a uh specific flight pan plan that needs to take them low through here. Also, probably only the trusted providers get to do that just so there's no issues. >> I'm waiting for the New Super Mario 2. Yeah, it's going to be great. That's based on Galaxy, I guess. I never played like all of Galaxy. I played some of it, but I didn't play all of it. So, we'll see how that is. Peter Pan was over here with Wendy. While I was eating dinner, I could see I had dinner at Harbor House and I sat at those at on that bridge with the windows facing Peter Pan and I was able to see Wendy and Peter Pan meeting some friends here in the Peter Pan ride. All right, so let's start with Small World. I don't know if we ever started a stream of by riding Small World first, but I did it earlier. So, this won't be 4K, but it'll be still fun. I should have put the stream quality up to like 1440. Oh, well, it's all right. Mario Galaxy games are my favorite as a kid. Yeah, depends on when you grow up. I guess >> that was a little after my era, but I see the appeal. The music's so good and the gameplay is innovative. I always wondered how aircraft were able to fly at Walt Disney World. There's a no-fly zone permit. Makes sense. Yeah, permits and just clearance. I'm sure they grant that clearance based on some amount of trust. You ever think they'll make him want to ride in the turtle ride? I have no idea. Miss you at Disneyland. Hope you're coming back soon. Not for a while. Um Oh, yeah. Robert. Yeah, not for a while. It's uh not in the budget, unfortunately. So, YouTube algorithm has definitely taken a chunk out of what we were doing before, plus a lot of health plus a lot of health issues with, you know, with uh my wife and a few other things. So, it's just been been tight. So, we've canceled our streaming and all done all that stuff just to try and slim down a little bit. Are the ride times in your 24/7 channel real time? No, not at all. There's just random shuffle. There's no way for me to do that for all the rides. It would just get really um it'd be too predictable. It' be all the same rides at the same time. So, I want it to be random so people can turn it on and see something different every time. When they were finishing up construction of Walt Disney World, uh I got to fly over in a small plane and take a bunch of black and white. How fun. Hi Josha and everyone. Our daughter went to our first Girl Scout camp sleepover. Love it. Oh, that's awesome. >> Just one. >> Oh, sorry. Thanks. Sorry, I thought he said this way. Anyway, um yeah, so Rhode Island. Love from Rhode Island. Very cool. >> I do have Disney Plus, just not anything else. There are proposals to Yankville TFRs. Yeah, I don't think that's a good idea. I think they need to keep it just for security reasons. I don't see a lot of helicopters with the privacy feature. I turned on maximum privacy protection. Okay, there we go. Only thing I don't like about the privacy thing is uh if you use it too much, it makes the screen hard to read. So that's not the best sometimes at the leaning tower of pizza. Hey Josh and all my mappers and hoppers been adulting all day. Yeah, welcome in from your adulting. I hope it went well. So um Starlight's 8:15, fireworks at 9:30 and um second Starlight's at 10:00. We'll see if we if we take a chance to watch that or not. We'll see. Now I have to go to I saw a meme one time showing the difference between the small world um dispatch and the pirates dispatch. Small world dispatch waves like crazy and the pirates dispatch. Um, the Pirates Dispatch like just pretends like you can't see them. I wonder if Jazzy PT can find that from them. Oh, Netty. Netty P sent a $10 PayPal. Happy spring break. Thank you, Netty, for the $10 PayPal. Really appreciate that. That was very kind. Thank you. Let's see if Chad GBT can find it. There was an email a long time ago showing the difference between the dispatcher and it's a small world at Magic Kingdom and Pirates of the Caribbean also at Magic Kingdom. And the meme showed the small world cast member waving And it represented that with Forest Comp. >> And the pirates one showed a different picture of Forest Gump trying to hide basically. Period. Can you find that picture? Yeah. So, this is what it is. >> You force the pirates to wave by waving frantically and never giving up. They will if you don't give up. >> Yes. Can you try and find the original piece? All right, here we go. JBT is going to recreate the thing. >> So fun. >> Yeah, YouTube. >> You sure? >> Have fun, guys. >> 1700 Resort TV 1. Resort TV1. >> Yep. Time changed last weekend. >> Oh, they can't they can't do it. >> They can't create the image. It violates copyright. >> Just one, please. >> Thank you. Yeah, we're doing the we're going to be and we're going to be in the I don't know. That meme is so funny. I should have saved it when I saw it. It was on one of the Disney passholder groups. So, it shows the smaller world one waving crazy and the uh pirates went like sinking back in the shadows. All right, enjoy the ride. >> No carp. I never did 1,700. I don't want them to look at me like I'm crazy. >> Welcome to It's a Small World. For your safety, please remain seated throughout your voyage, keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat. You got to look in front. We ask you Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. We got to go. Woo! Heat! Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Come on. Hallelujah. Oh, what? I love No. No problem. Look at the dr. Oh my god. Wow. Okay. Down. Heat. Heat. Never Yeah. Heat. Tonight you don't know so no so no so no so no so no so no so no so no so no so no That's a wild Why is that? like white. Look at this. Where is it? Okay. Wow. Think about Sweetness. Go ahead. I wish we Heat. Heat. Mother Earth in kindness. Heat. Heat. It's a small S all a small boat. Please remain seated come to a complete stop at the dock and you are asked to disembark. Thank you. Please remain seated until the road comes to a complete stop and you are toart. Thank you. Just follow. I've been ready. Oh, hi. >> All right, >> that was great. So, >> yeah, the new verse is amazing. And uh you know the song it is catchy, but the fact that it's in so many different styles and verses and whatever, it's really nice. It uh manages to not be as you know repetitive as what it could be because it changes so many times. Now, of course, you get stuck in that last room and it does get a little repetitive, but you got that new verse and that's pretty nice. Oh, the end of the castle show. So yeah, >> so cool. >> Anyway, so yeah, I think the the music is uh is nice. here. Guys, get over here. >> I enjoyed it, too. Thanks for >> Thanks for watching and enjoying. All right, let me see what the weight times are now. Four things. Little late to the party, but hi everyone. Hello. >> Only at Disney random explosions and nobody knows exactly. That is definitely a thing that happens here. >> All right. Well, maybe we'll go ride the people movers and things like that. See how we do there. We'll let some of the other rides calm down their weight times a little bit. The signal was a lot better in the final room, the new phone. Yeah, there was only one tiny little blip. I'll have to just remember to turn it down a little bit right before we get into the uh right before we get into the uh the little goodbye tunnel, I call it. It's the goodbye room. So, that's the only place where there was an issue. Sorry. I just love that little picture of of the castle and the the carousel together. Yeah. >> Come on people. Stay stay seated. >> Let's see. Sam Hutton, congrats on seven months of Resort Hover Bronze. Love your streams. Thanks, Sam. Appreciate the >> appreciate the message and appreciate you being a Resort Hopper Bronze member for so long. It's nice. >> Thank you. Oh, the breeze is nice. Yeah, I think it's time. Trey cook churros. I think it's The breeze is so nice right now. But no, definitely going to need a cookie and Coke. I didn't get one last night cuz they ran out at the hotels. But we'll see. We'll see. Either way. Calm down rides. Yes. All the calm down rides. Are you calm down rides? Yeah, I know. you think about that next time. It's another thing you can see on our 24-hour ride stream is Ellen's Energy Adventure. You know, things like that and the horizons that you can't actually see in the regular park. So, because alas, they are gone. Dearly departed. All right. Line train 60. That looks a little longer than that. Uh fourleaf clover Craig 10 months at Resort Opera Bronze. As always, thanks for taking us along. Thank you so much for Fourleaf clover Craig for being a member for 10 months. That is very kind and we appreciate it. So, thank you. All right. The Winnie the Poo ride is always such a long line. I do want to do it today though cuz I haven't tried the low light on it and there is a dark section on there. Uh it says 35. It doesn't look like 35, but we'll trust him for now. Let's see. >> Where's the line go? >> Yeah, it's probably 30 though. It It definitely doesn't go very fast. It is a slow loading ride. Okay. Spectro Magical. Oh, great one. Fill her magic. Yeah, we'll see. We will see. St. Patrick's to get a color is green. That's what I heard. >> Who else has a long line? Yeah, I think a lot of it's just cuz it does have a low capacity. It's four guests or less to each vehicle and usually less than four. Um, so I think that that's why it is always such a long line. It's not even that there are that many people in it, but something like Pirates where it has like a six row boat takes a lot more people with each vehicle, which each in the same amount of time it takes to load, >> you know, a poo vehicle with four people or less, you can load, you know, even if there's only three people in each pirate row, you can load 18 people in that same amount of time that it takes to load four or less. It could be as many as 24 people in a pirates boat. So, yeah, it's probably why it's uh such a long line. It could be David. It could be gray. I'll let you know. Poor David. You guys don't get the joke. David's color blind. Poor David. And yes, he made that joke. Not me. I'm not mean. Hey, David. It's the same color as the parking space lights at Disney Springs. He's like so gray then. >> So gray then. >> Hi. >> There people resort hoppers having a uh VIP tour there. How about that? studio. I love and these are two of the best tracks of the for speedy competition. That's right. If you don't move those people, who will? Indeed. And again, Disney just announced that Buzz Lighter will be open on April 8th. Coming up soon. Oh, looks like there's a sign up now. April 8th. Let's see if there's another a new sign on it yet. >> Marley Henderson 199. Love the stream. Just watching my mother-in-law, Kina. Thank you so much, Kina and Marley. >> No, it doesn't have anything there, but I do believe they said April 8th, so less than a month from now. >> How fun. It's a bunch of people coming out. All right, Speedway and People Mover would be more interesting in 4K 360. I have videos of both of those in 4K 360. I sure do. They're on the channel already. You can watch them right now if you want. I need to do 8K 360 though because that's a better It's a better picture. With 360, it takes an image like a regular 4K image and it stretches it around 360. So, you get a lower resolution cuz it's stretched. So, 8K is better. It looks closer to closer to the quality you're used to. It's still not quite 4K cuz you're you're not even just doubling it. You're stretching it over uh 360°. feel like a VIP on these streams. The ticket is free and I don't wait in lines. There you go. John Davis just became a member. Thank you, John. April 8th is a Thursday. Nice. Got to move with the people and live with the land. Yep. Live with that land. >> David, I missed the first part of that. Oia just shot me side eye about something. I don't know. Oh, that's right. Okay. What's a 360 penguin? >> Yeah, I don't I have a couple 360s. I actually sold one of them that I had cuz it wasn't quite as good and I bought an Insta 360 1X or something 8K. I don't know. It was good. It was good. >> It is good. I need to post all the videos I've been taking with it. Oh, Chuck says it's a Wednesday. >> Oh, you got put in the front row pirates. Yeah, it could be. >> Where is everyone? I It's not too crowded right here. You're right. I don't know. AK 360 on Oculus Quest is great when things are close by, further away. It gets blurry. >> Interesting. Yeah, it does. It doesn't I I don't know. There's like infinity focus everything, but it doesn't do well when uh when things are um far away. That is for sure. Huh? >> What am I turning around for? >> Are you here again? I doubt he's here two weekends in a row. >> Now you got me paranoid, David. I turned all the way around. No surprise this time. That's what I figured. Yeah, it's like uh you're and I down here two weekends in a row. I mean, more power to you, but yeah, Marland Speedway car engines or Honda small engines, are they? They sound like Briggs and Stratton, but yeah, you could be right. I really don't know. The Honda engines are usually quieter, but could just be the type of mufflers they put on them, I guess, or lack of muffler. See what the times are now. I'm glad we did Enchanted Tales with Belle a while ago. That was fun. >> We did that on the old day stream. Highly recommend it if you haven't taken the time to do Enchanted Tales of Bell. It's fun for the whole family. It's very, very well done, especially if you have kids. But even if you don't, it is very good. >> Petra says, "Maybe we'll see you in the fall." Nice. Maybe. San Main Street shop fronts look great, but the castle blur. Yeah, I think that's one thing about 360. It just doesn't quite know how to focus. Again, like I said, on step far away. That was kind of what I saw um when I did 360 on the river boat. Now, my newest one, the Insta, seemed to compensate pretty well for the focus. Laziness is tomorrow. Everything goes well on Wednesday. Oh, good. Good luck, David. Yeah, they accelerate project Florida. Peanut says, "Hope your mom's doing well." Yeah, she is. They've just rested most of today, I think. I always feel like somebody's watching me. >> Oh, we're getting close to 214K. Finally. >> Subscribe if you're new. Let's get to 214K. Finally. Also, the relaxing the relaxing Disney Channel has uh Resort TV 24/7 has 9,430. So, definitely um definitely subscribe to that one too. maybe coming back soon because I think she wants to take an official tour of Raw and check out UT Tampa. Tampa's cool. I I had a student or two that were considering there. They don't they didn't end up going there, but was in the in the mix for sure. >> It's got a good reputation and um Rollins has a great reputation. >> No, Jinger, that's a Josh Paranoid song. No, Shaggy was putting it in the chat. So, when he put it in there, I naturally had to sing it. Oh, thanks, Peanut. I love the relaxing channel. I want I watch it to relax all the time. Nice. Yeah, there's there's two different ones. There's a relaxing stroll channel and there's a 24-hour ride channel. And at 9:00 every night, the um 24-hour ride channel has fireworks. I may eventually start adding parades and stuff in there. just have to have time to do it. >> So, here here's the 24 seven channel. There's the ride stream. There's the relaxing stroll stream. Showing test track right now. >> Sorry. Hold on. And then the stroll channel is showing >> Magic Kingdom. >> Yeah, I can add Spectro maybe. >> That's awesome, Peanut. I hope you get to come. Yeah, come on down. As Bob Barker used to say, Oh, at the Duffy Bedtime store. Yeah, >> that one might get copyrighted, though. But yeah, I don't know. We'll see. And this you guys do four parks in one day. Yeah, we used to do four parks all together, too. I mean, you could do one could do like Jenna could do two and I could do two. We've done that before, too. But we also have done six parks with Brit and Andrew and Crystal before, too. because again Check out Out West Colleges, too, David. Yeah, for sure. >> Don't forget the insane 24-hour stream. Yeah, we did do that. I watched the 24-hour ride stream every night before bed. That's awesome, Edwin. Very cool. >> I was just there on the third one trip, one day trip from Indiana. Took the MRS down for the first time. Nice. Tomorrow starts spring break in Kansas. Ah, you guys start starts on a Sunday, huh? The 24 hours train was brought to you by coffee and flamingos. Well, mostly flamingos and Coke because I definitely didn't drink any coffee. >> But yes, definitely definitely flamingos. Definitely. Now, if you can figure out how to automatically swap parades and fireworks from different eras on different days, I can do that. I do that already with the fireworks. You saw Chicago Blackhawks, Griswald. Yeah, those are fun. They definitely have those. >> They definitely have those. No, they had a they the line was long just because of the uh >> the people the people were not moving that the people stopped. >> Yeah, it stopped several times. That's why. So, we may have a very stopy ride. Wish spring would break in Michigan. Yeah, someday. legs or your car and please David says no climbing over the vehicles. >> Yes, that's true. >> No climbing. If people stop, you must pick them up and continue moving. That's right. Keep the people moving. Very important. at the end. How many? >> One right here. Watch your step. Please step carefully onto the music and step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times. >> Yes, no bad dancing. >> That's right. Right here. >> Legs and other appendages inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. All right, here we go guys. Enjoy the people. Please carefully. >> This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around. Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Morak 5, your guide aboard this high, the absolute best way to see tomorrow. And my stars, is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in tomorrow. >> For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. >> The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Training. Transfer to green and red lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future right by two of my favorite spots. >> First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community. Did you know Progress City inspired Capcom and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny borax. >> On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest winds in the galaxy. Except actual stars. Those are no longer sold. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron White Cycle Run. >> I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks in the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. We all have our own little attention all visitors from Galaxy 31. warning. Please keep all your facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. >> This is 75 or as we call it space. Our highspeed rocket point to distant deep space destinations. station wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The full moon of Is it to yourself? Vote today. >> Attention travelers. Your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. I love the random phone on the wall back there. And then there was door number one and door number two. That was fun. >> What's behind door number one? Oh my god. Whose mama fell down, bro? Attention travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. great grandaddy. >> So, we're actually I never >> Oh my god. I got out of my bed and I changed my underwear. Yes, it's always a good idea to visit the rest here before boarding this particular attraction. Are we still traveling through time if we're not moving? I mean, technically, Earth is still moving. >> We've been stopped for a while. And all people passengers for your safety please remain keeping arms hands feet and legs inside the vehicle at all times. Vehicle bumping may occur. Motion will begin immediately. No, no, this one is going straight for my dad. Yeah, turn on your Oh my god. paging Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. This is so >> attention all visitors from Galaxy F31. Please keep all controls clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial son interplanetary fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above tomorrow for a spin amongst the planets. Oh my god. >> Okay. >> The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big future like tomorrow. Ah, yes. Second. Your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. >> So loud. Yes, there are teenagers by me. Little teenage girls. >> They have to make sure they yell every once in a while, otherwise the other ones are not sure if they're still alive. Hi. >> Yeah, there are Hey, Sean Rogers. How are you? >> There are kind of like pay phones there, but there are um they're not quite they're like house phones actually. >> Attention all people who are passengers. For your safety, please remain seated, hands, feet, and legs and touch at all times. Bopping may occur. I'll begin immediately. >> Imagine you just >> because we look twice as stupid. >> There we go. What? What? Take the time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people who journey has nearly come full. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you in. And even though we've concluded, this is always my favorite cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. >> Attention travelers. Your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. Well, this is very sloppy. >> It's the stoppple mover. >> That's interesting. >> Attention all people member passengers. For your safety, please remain seated, keeping arms, hands, feet, and legs inside the vehicle at all times. Vehicle bumping may occur and motion will begin immediately. Yeah, Bill. Spring break is an interesting time. That's for sure. >> But it's part of the year and I enjoy it because I get to be off. But yeah, it brings the crowds just like although the crowds are pretty much here all the time. It's just different crowds. Yeah, it's a people pauser. >> Definitely the people stopper. Oh no. >> What? >> Oh. Oh my goodness. away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms, antennas away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> Please keep arms and other attendants away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the platform cautiously stepping away. Thank you. Please keep arms and Timmy and other individuals away from the doors and open step. >> So no, the right operators do press a button somewhere on one of these panels. I don't think it's that one. I think it's the other panel. This one over here. They have to push a button on it. or no, actually it's this one. There's the microphone over there. They had to push a button to get it to uh get it to um to and then to do the right announcements. So, they're they're not recorded. Those aren't. Now the the load announcements are recorded but the the other ones are not. All right. >> So, that's what the sign's going to look like. Interesting. Not as big as the one before for sure, but they've kind of gone back to this minimalist signs. >> So, I I actually went to the D23 presentation about the Tomorrowland. When they redid it, when they added People Mover, they made it harder for people to see that there was something to do underneath of all these tracks. And so, they they build all these structures and different signs and stuff to bring people into the attractions. Now everybody pretty much knows what's here, what is here. They don't need it as much. But yeah, that is uh why all these big these big contraptions were built. And in fact, there used to be something right here, but they took it out to save a little space when they kind of started undoing some of the uh steampunk thing. Steampunk thing they mean. You still see some of the steampunk, but just still not quite removed. Like there with the ribbing on the um supports and then there with the the metal. And some of it's still there, but not all of it. All right, so it was a slow ride on Peek Mover, but we got through it. It was very fun still. >> All right, now let's go do Pirates. Let >> me turn the brightness back up. >> All right. All right. Sounds good. Tennessee Bear, we'll see you when you come back. >> Looks a little bit dark. Yeah, I've got it. It's that weird time of night. So, if like see if I look down here, it brightens up quite a bit. Obviously, I don't want to go around looking at people's feet, but yeah, it's just that the sky is bright and the um and the ground is dark and so you get so the lens doesn't quite know what to do. Yes. Hey, Streamfinder, how are you? Here, let me just let's put it to neutral exposure. I can brighten it up even a little more. But yeah, that's the If you look down, it gets really bright. The camera has a hard time figuring out where to set the brightness because of the bright sky compared to the rest of the the area. been enjoying the new 24/7 ride stream a lot. That's good. I'm so glad. Yeah, go check it out. >> Resort TV 247 the ride stream. >> Um it is something that I worked really really hard on multiple hours >> and I'm so glad you guys enjoy it. >> So glad you guys enjoy it. Offra dark. Yeah. so you don't blow out the sky. Basically, you almost have to point more down to get it to even up. >> All right. So, >> people getting lined up for the parade already. Let's go ride Pirates, though. Paradise at 8:15. We got some time. Um, so also while we're walking and before I forget, don't forget to check out, don't you forget to check out some of our awesome sponsors. Um, we got all the links in the description down below, but first one is mickeyras.com. That is mickeytras.com. Go check them out if you want to book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World or Disneyland. It doesn't cost any more than if you booked it yourself at mickeyras.com. And in fact, they help you find all the best deals and they um, they do all the hard work for you. They'll they'll actually book your reservations for you. They'll help you book lightning lanes. They do all kinds of things like that. So, definitely go check it out at um mickeytras.com and also mickeyblog.com for all the latest articles about Disney news. So, mickeyras.com and mickeyblog.com. Check them out. >> Looks better. Yeah, for sure. It's mostly just this time of day, though, cuz the sky is really blown out now. It's just one of those things. >> Yeah, once we get to night time, it'll look pretty good. Wait, let me >> You actually need HDR at this time of day, but you can't really do HDR very well on a live stream. high dynamic range if you're not familiar. It basically exposes the light and the dark parts of the scene equally. But yeah, anyway, now I was I was coming to that conclusion too though that Street Fighter that looked pretty dark. I was like, let me just open it up. I can actually open it up more. Uh let's see. I don't know that it would be necessary, but I can go all the way up to there. trying to figure out what's going. >> So, see, now the sky is like non-existent, >> but the the people and the the the lower parts of the stream look better. That's a plus nine exposure. Here's a zero exposure. It's probably more natural. Are there any Disneyland rides on the 24/7 stream? Right now, it's just Disney World, but I thought about adding Disneyland. I don't know. Do you think people would be upset with that? Because honestly, I have like 20 or 30 Disneyland rides on there, too. At least 20 Disneyland rides filmed, so I could put those on, too. I just hadn't done it yet. I love the great contrast of the view. Nice. I think it had as much with heading that direction. Yeah. All right. So, I am going to switch over to our pirate connection. Okay, I got it. >> All right, be right back. together. Oh. Welcome back everybody. >> Mr. Fix popping in to give out big howdy resort TV mods and chat. Somebody's going for Italian food tonight. Hey James, how are you? Yeah, hit the thumbs up everybody. That's right. And subscribe if you're new. We got 2500 people in here and we would love to have at least 1,000 likes. And again, we're getting finally getting close to 214,000 subscribers. So that'd be cool to reach that goal at some point. 85. >> I did I don't know if you noticed it or not. This morning I did post a Guardians ride through video that I've been meaning to post for a long time. Just realized I had all this footage on my phone. I'm like I need to start going through this and actually like making these videos. >> That's right. Mickey mom Jim. Yep. We got to hit it. Got to hit the like. Okay. So that's 15. I'm sure it's probably less than that. We shall see. James Paradise, congrats on 12 months of resour. Awesome. Thanks, James. Appreciate that. takes five just to walk there. Yeah. Sean says, "Can we get 1500 likes before the end of the pirate ride?" Maybe. >> Yeah. >> It smells like Well, never mind. That's not good. >> Like the idea of a live stream, so they can't afford to go. Well, we're here for you. And the 24-hour stream is here for you anytime, too. Again, don't forget to subscribe over there. I know I've said it a lot, but if you haven't checked it out, like there's only Hey, there's only 10,000 people or not quite even 10,000 people on there yet. So, um, we got a lot more than that on the channel, so go check it out. >> So, nice to meet you last night with Epcot. Your mom was glad she's feeling better. Thank you for tonight's stream. Absolutely. My pleasure. Christmas one. >> Oh yeah, Mr. Fix. I I agree. I watched all that situation and definitely the streamer in question didn't handle it super well. And you know, when Disney tells you to stop filming, you got to just stop and have a discussion calmly and try and come to an understanding. That's that's that's what we would have done for sure. I know it's hard, but yeah, you got to stop the stream first, but anyway. Yeah, not our concern. We follow the rules and if Disney ever came up to us, we would stop and we'd have discussion and do whatever they wanted us to do because it's again it's their park so they can make whatever rules they want. Hey Anora, thank you so much. You're so wonderful. I also love to watch for friends that are visiting and maybe spot them. Yeah, for sure. That's always fun. That always looks like a hienda at night. So fun. thing I noticed about this new phone is even when it's super dark, it doesn't doesn't get as noisy as the other one did. Thanks, Mr. Fix. Yeah, >> it's private property. So, you know, at the end of the day, the best thing to do, even if you maybe feel like somebody's being unfair, is to just take a breath, do whatever they ask you to do, and then, you know, and then have the discussion, and hopefully you can come to an understanding or do whatever it is that they want you to do, especially in the moment. You know, best is to do whatever they ask. Remember being terrified of the ride when you were younger? Yeah, for sure. I get that. >> Five and six. How many here? >> Just one. >> You want to wait for the bathroom? >> Oh, that'd be great. >> Sure. >> How many? Throw that away. That's really similar to being a teacher. The best thing, you know, obviously a teacher has to be in charge, but your your goal is usually not to escalate if you can. There are times you have to, but uh most of the time it's it's good not to. Thank you. That's why we don't have anybody behind us. Yep. at the queue where we found out about 100k subs. I know, seems so long ago. It was back when the algorithm was friendly. Even posting shorts and stuff is not working that much anymore. It's like everything has to be every post now has to be viral. I am meeting with my new YouTube rep. I finally got assigned a new YouTube rep. Jenna and I did. So, I'm meeting with them soon. Um later this week, I think. I got to look it on my calendar. But either way, be nice to talk to them about some of the algorithm stuff and see if they're hopefully planning on doing any type of um algorithm updates to hopefully give us a little more of a chance. I thought, well, I'll just post shorts, but even the shorts I posted, they weren't it wasn't something rage bait or viral. It's about all that they want to see anymore or AI stuff. >> No, mom's doing great. >> Daddy doing I'm not moving. Oh, they're trying to figure out how to everybody on the boat over here. Mr. Master flying home tomorrow. Nice. Have a safe trip. Probably going to need to hustle pretty quick over to Main Street to get my spot after this for Starlight. All right, enjoy the ride. Hi there crew. For your safety, remain seated keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the room and watch your children and do no flashes. Totally fine. This one must stay on the news. There heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I don't want Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Run up your white flag, you scurvy scum, and really I'll be sending you to D2. on the ground. I am on the rock. >> Strike your feathers near you. Show them your flock. Hey, send him hints at Davy Jones. It's the rumb they want. Anchor now you may be I offer these scumbag Jack. You'll never find a tri without Nice. Everything you love. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. mighty hit with a Heat. Heat. Okay, the audio is 10 for this. I love the subtle music. Yeah, it's full immersion. I agree. It's so good. All right, we're going to head down to uh Starlight. We may not get the best spot because it starts in 15 minutes, but we'll just find a spot behind somebody. >> Oh, no. Go ahead. >> Hey, handsome. >> Love you. >> A Where are you guys from? >> Texas. >> Oh, nice. >> Yeah. Having a great time. We watch all the time. >> Oh, excellent. Having a girls trip then? >> No, we're here with the high school band. >> High school band. Band trip. >> Yes. >> Well, you can pretend though, right? >> Yes. >> Yes. Thank you so much. >> Of course. I hope you guys have a great trip. >> You too. The devil who shards >> you're very respectable of you all the other guests to enjoy the ride without all the chatter and the hoppers enjoy it as well. Absolutely. One of my pet peeves is people that talk on rides. Anytime I hear a streamer do it I'm like why are you doing that? Be quiet. Nobody wants to hear you talk during the ride. Nobody watching does either. Like the ride is the ride. you can talk about it after you know and and out here in the you know in the store or in the queue or you know whatever then it's no no problem to talk obviously that's part of the attraction of the stream but yeah talking on rides man that is like my number one rule I mean you know there are times when if a ride stops or you know whatever there are certain situations where it's fine >> so good how are you >> how's it going >> good to see you Man, >> you too, Max. Yes, I remember. >> How's everything? Good. >> Yeah, all good, man. >> Good. Good. Nice weather. >> Yeah, it's perfect. >> I'm liking it. >> You want to say hi on the stream? >> Of course. Yeah. >> This is Max. He's got two of Max shirt on. That's perfect. >> Yeah, of course. We're staying at Pop Centry. >> Nice. >> Uh we just got down uh yesterday uh around like 1:00 in the morning. >> Oh, wow. >> We had a delayed Well, first we had a cancel flight. We were supposed to leave 6:00 from New York. >> Yeah. >> And then uh that they cancelled that one, delayed the next one. They put us on. Got in at like 1:00 in the morning. Dropped Animal Kingdom anyway. Hey, that's dedication right there. >> I know, right? Why not? You staying for show Starlight tonight? >> Uh, yeah. I don't know if I'm going to watch both. I'm going to stay until close. So, >> Oh, nice. Nice. I'm watching both. I love that parade. >> Nice. >> Yeah. No. So, it was great seeing you. Take care. Have a good one. >> We'll see you. >> Okay guys, Starlight, here we go. Oh, there he is. I'm >> hiding by zero. >> Yeah, >> do it. >> What is it? >> Oh, no. >> Okay. Yeah, I got to I got to kind of hurry to get to uh to get to Starlight on time. Where are you headed? >> I'm right with you. >> Okay. >> Yeah, Max is great. They've been watching us for a long time. Look at the low light there. That's great. Yeah. So, we've got 15 minutes still. Going to kind of hustle. Okay. Yeah, parade's always great. Oh, hello. There we go. Uh, do you need me to grab you off spot? Sorry. Spot for the fireworks again. >> Oh, are you here? Random person. That's awesome. I I don't know yet. Maybe. Not sure. Uh, I appreciate the offer, though. But yeah, I don't know. We'll see. >> I don't know exactly how how this is going to go as far as my scheduling, but yeah, maybe we'll see you at the fireworks. Okay. >> Yeah, it's amazing at night. >> I can't believe my AP is going to hit the bucket. >> Sorry. >> Wow. Well, >> it's a good way to end it. >> Well, we'll see what happens next March. >> Yeah. Sorry. Yep. >> Maybe I'll try again for October. We'll have to see. >> Yeah. Okay, >> I should play Madonna Starlight. Oh yeah, Starlight. Starbrite. That's funny. >> Copyright central. >> Oh, random person. You're out there now. So you you wouldn't be able to save us a fireworks spot. I must have missed your first message. Yeah, you'd have to I have to wait till June. So yeah, we'll make it we'll make it a we'll make it a plan then. Wow. It's actually like it looks so much brighter on the phone than it does in real life. I don't know. Is it too bright? Like I've actually got the exposure down minus 7 right now. But is it too bright or does it look great? Does it look good and it's actually nice cuz you can see really well. >> Like there's a lot of even on this little fence, we can see all these details. Actually, normally that would just be kind of glossed over because it's too dark. So, just got back from spending a week at Disneyland. >> Miss MK, bless you for being on. Thank you. >> No worries. >> You got to save a great spot for 3 months. Yeah. You got to start paying rent on that thing. >> Looks good to you. Okay, good. We're going to eat breakfast. >> Looks fantastic. Excellent. >> Excellent. >> Time I come down here, I always think of getting run into by that duck. Random wild duck hit me in the face. Getting hit by a random kamicazi duck was not on my list of things that might happen to me at the parks. But, you know, it's a live stream, so you don't ever know what's going to happen. Right about here. I love the lighting. If anything, I'd like to see it one notch lower. Yeah, you know, I thought about that. We'll have to see. Still playing with it, but for now, uh, let's actually go this way. Might be a little faster. Okay, the, uh, store looked a little crowded. Okay, this corner is moving pretty fast, so sometimes this corner gets backed up. Now the trick is to get out in the road can move faster. Sidewalk is always slow. All right, there we go. >> Can you call this rush hour? >> Yeah, it's always before the shows for sure. Although the street is pretty clear which is why I always use the street if I can. Yeah, Bill, it wasn't on my bingo card. Getting hit by hit by a duck. That was not not on there. Let's see. What What are we on? - 5. Let's go to - 7. I thought I was on minus 7. That's I think that's better. Not a big difference, but a slight difference, if you will. Don't try to take a quack at me. Yeah. He did indeed. >> Two hours later. >> Did the duck have insurance? He had alalfac. All ducks have alac. I heard. >> Can you afflac? >> You can take those walkways for us. All right, we shall whip. >> Uh, let's see here. >> Choices. Choices. >> Doors are open. >> Let's see. In fact, one of the stores I answer. >> We'll stand on the corner here. That'll work. >> I never get notifications when you go live at Disneyland. Oh, or Disney World. Sometimes if you uh turn on uh >> the uh >> some of if you turn off notifications and then turn it back on, you'll be >> that'll help. Subscribe and unsubscribe. Those are all things that help. >> Yeah, I have watched the parade going the other way. It's actually really cool. Actually, last Saturday we watched it coming down Main Street. This Saturday, it might be fun to do that, too. >> It is pretty fun. This is the 26 Ultra, not the 26 Plus, but yeah, it's really, really good. >> So, yeah, about six minutes. Yes, I will do that. Okay, I did that already. That was my first ride. >> Here's the announcement. >> Hello, stargazers. It's almost time to wish upon a star. In just a few minutes, Disney Starlight Dream the Night Away will begin to fully immerse you in the experience. The lighting around the Magic Kingdom will be reduced. For your safety and the safety of those around you, we ask that you remain in the same location until the lighting returns to normal. >> Thank you. All right, I will uh switch my connection to um save a little battery. I'll be right back. >> And back. I have the 25 plus. Is there a big difference? Yeah. Biggest difference is the main lens has a f1.4 aperture, which is really helpful for low light. For a lot of people that probably doesn't matter as much. But if you do any kind of night video, it's best for night video because night photography is already pretty good on all the existing phones because it just does a longer exposure. So then you know you you hit the you hit the button and u you know it gives you that please hold your phone steady is doing a longer exposure. So most modern phones can do good night pictures just by using a extremely long exposure. But it's night video where the S 26 Ultra really shines because of the uh the increased aperture which lets in more light which allows everything to look really nice. >> It's blowing out that clock a little bit, but if I zoom on it, >> there you go. >> I've been watching you for years. That's the first time you ever read what I said out loud. 25 Ultra, you're awesome. Oh, hey, thanks. Sorry if I missed your other comments. That's definitely not intentional, but I'm glad I I'm glad I finally read one. Oh, I can't wait till Big Thunder's open, Bill. Yeah, getting the fireworks on that or back in the day Splash Mountain or now um Thunder Mountain or any of those is always really good. If you have any sound problems, the best way to fix that is to close and reopen the video. Close and reopen. timing comes as a skill. Yeah. And I only see about four chat messages on the stream at a time. So that's that's something I need to work on. Buy a Galaxy Trifold. Yeah, those are super cool. $2,000. But that's more for anybody who wants an iPad in their pocket. Or not an iPad, but a Samsung Galaxy Tab. There are they are cool though. I'll give you that. They look really cool. Now, a lot of people don't know this. the cameras on those are actually on the fold phones, the cameras are not as good because there's not as much room for a good camera. Whereas on this, you know, these flagship type devices, the 20 26 Ultra and so on, iPhones and all those, they they have more room in the camera bump to have better camera hardware. So, so that's nice. Coming off the S23, what's the big bonuses of this camera? Well, first of all, it doesn't have uh it doesn't have uh that flashing strobing effect that the S23 has so badly. Uh, and then also better low light. much better. So, I love when you explain tech because I don't know how all of it works and it's fascinating is it's all selftaught. Yeah, Tenine, it's all selftaught. Yep. >> Never took a class in technology. Just trial and error. >> No, there's no firm date for Big Thunder yet, but there is Buzz Lightyear uh April 8th. That's a firm date. At least an announced date. I mean, you know, things can always change, but it looks like from the pictures I shared some of the pictures from Disney on our um on our Facebook and Twitter. Uh, if you go follow us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter, you can see the pictures I posted of the Imagineers testing the ride. So, you can see it looks pretty much done inside. They're just finishing the outside right now. So, hopefully they'll have that done pretty soon. I'm going to >> We will Twitter basically really wants to sell me premium. No thanks. I'm good. Here. >> Here's a picture of the Imagineer testing the the um ride. It might work eventually. Let's >> see if I can There we go. >> That looks very infocused. >> So, it switches lenses. Watch this. >> Yeah, I've seen that. >> So, then it just pops right over. That's a new thing in this phone. >> What's that clock next to the mic? Yeah. Heat. Good evening everyone. Welcome to this wonderful night. >> Did you know that when a star is born, they possess a gift or two. One of them is this. They have the power to make a dream come true. So come with us now as we go on a magical journey through the stars and dream the night away. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. my virtual star and all those may each and every dreams come true. Do as dreams do and wish. Heat. Heat. Welcome on this journey through the stars where anything is possible and your most cherished dreams come true. My hello. Come with me and bring the light away. We are here to embrace, prove and suffer, and all your wishes may come true. Star Wa wa. We all deserve to have our wishes. They belong to us and they are unique. We are stars. Nighttime is the best time to do the stars. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. I'm so happy. Music is my language and you will always do anything. Heat up here. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Wherever your heart goes, I will never forget you. Heat up here. That's all they need. Well, that is trust. That's right. And maybe they'll be a little while, too. Oh, it's beautiful. It's just as off the land. Here we go. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. There's so many stars to wish upon tonight. Look at all our cows already. They've been kissed a star just like us. >> It's a dream to be up here among the stars. >> Yep. It's a wish come true. Oh my. Have I ever seen anything so wonderful? The magic of starlight is all around us. Gosh, have you ever seen a star sparkle like this before? Oh, it's so magical. Wish I wish A toy ride through the stars with all our friends. It's like we're on a shooting star. There's so many stars to wish upon tonight. You should stop just like us. It's a dream to be out here among the stars this way. You want to follow wish. All right. That's such a great parade. I love that so much. Hi. How are you? >> Hi. Thank you. >> I appreciate that. >> All right. I think we're going to head this way. We'll try and listen to the ending music later. I have a thought. We got about an hour until um fireworks. We got plenty of time before fireworks. >> Love the sound effects. And then right after that, the burough coown the amazing Main Street Electrical Parade music. Also, of course, the fanfare at the beginning is so good. Yep. It's awesome. It also gets copyright claimed every time. So there you go. Commentary. Ha. Awesome. Awesome. Oh, I got to put my other uh No, it's not Spectro Magic, but I don't think it's trying to be Spectre Magic. It's trying to be Starlight. So, we have to be careful to feel to not feel like every parade has to be the same as the one before it because wouldn't we be disappointed if they did just copy Spectra Magic? Like, maybe we wouldn't because it's a good parade, but we also might think, "Oh, that's not super creative. that's just like the same. So, it's kind of nice to see new things. Even though I agree Spectrum Magic is definitely better than this in some ways, but this is really good. The music in Spectrum Magic is hard to top. Like, it might even be almost impossible to top. Boy, if you missed it last night, uh Carol Carol Stein played um pianist. She played Spectro Magic for us there at the Garana Fidian, which was amazing. everything we thought it would be. Uh, let me see here. I had a thought. Oh, Mary. Mary Mary sent $20 on PayPal. Pixie Dust Seniors, thank you for all you do. Love the parade. Looking forward to the fireworks. Thank you so much, Pixie Dust Singers. That is very kind. Thought about trying Winnie the Pooh, but the line still says 30. Let's go check it out. Normally, I'd go through Tomorrowland terrace over here, but yeah, we'll see. All right. Yeah, she was incredible. >> Look, there's just a little water and it still reflects. >> No breaking top spectrum. Yeah. So So I'd say, you know, I'd say we just be happy with for what we have. I mean, I kind of I kind of agree with you. So then I think we're going to be disappointed if we expect every parade to top it. But if we also say no parade can top it, that that that creates a uh that creates a recipe for disappointment, right? It's just kind of an attitude, you know, an attitude perception, not really attitude, but perception readjustment. We're a good one to work with. >> Oh, this might not have been the right way to go. >> Let's see. Okay, we're going to go back. That's a That's a That's a lot of people standing around to watch the parade. So, we'll go this way. >> Still a great parade. My favorite one is >> Yeah, we grew up with Spectre Magic, too. >> And again, it's totally my favorite parade. I'm just saying, let's not always be disappointed because it's not that because we know it's not going to be that. Like that's that's Jen and I's favorite Spectro Magic is Jen and I's favorite Disney memory wa of not even watching it but going in the bakery having a cookie and a Coke you know where Starbucks is now and and listening to Spectro Magic like yeah we loved watching it too but just listening to it the 11:00 show specifically they always had an 11:00 show listening to it play in the background was so fun so yeah know that's our favorite Disney memory so for sure But I think they struck a really good balance here with this show. They honored the past. They honored Main Street Electrical. They also honor Spectro, too. The vibe of Spectro and kind of the pageant-like soundtrack of the parade is there. And not just that, but the um where the floats turn white, especially where where Whimsy the Train turns white, uh that is a Spectro Magic callback. So, there's a lot of honoring of Spectro in that parade, but it's not trying to be that. It's just trying to kind of give little Easter eggs, little nods to it. Kind of like having Mr. Toad in the uh in the pet cemetery there. It's just a little nod to Mr. Toad being gone or Mr. Toad, you know, being on a painting inside of Winnie the Pooh here. today. >> No, I don't have a video of Spectre on the 24/7, but I might put it on there. >> Maybe I'll put Would that get monotonous if I had if I had parades on every Maybe different parades every night. Like maybe at 8:00 when it gets dark, I put on 8:00 I put on uh either Spectro or Starlight. What do you think? >> Yeah, I wish they bring back the kiss good night, too. I don't really know why they don't do that. More little just magical moments when the park closes. Again, just like the Spaceship Earth Beacon show, the show takes about a minute or two, so it doesn't cause people to linger that long, but it's a nice little just end of the day, and it can't cost that much. It's just electricity. There's no fireworks or anything, so I wouldn't think it would cost that much to make it work. And again, the rumor was that the announcement needed to be re-recorded just to update it to kind of modern greeting standards, but like I would think that wouldn't be too costly just to re-record the announcement. >> So, who knows? Yeah, I would really like to see the kiss good night back. >> I wanted to get that beautiful ending. >> Yeah, it's always fun. >> I like how they do it higher pitch and then again in lower pitch. >> Yeah, that's great. >> But the last time I did it, it started to do the ending when we weren't even that far away from it. >> No, >> I feel like that's a sink issue. Yeah, sometimes there's a little sync issues here and there. >> Yeah, like right after the loop and then you hear the ending. >> Let's see if I can I wanted to see about Winnie the Pooh to try the low light, but I don't know if uh the line I thought maybe the line might go down during the parade. Hey Benjamin, how are you? Okay. My wife and I loved a brownie they had at the bakery. We would eat and listen to Spectro. Great memories. Yes. So many great things in Spectro Magic. I think you're so amazing at bringing the Disney magic to us that anything you share with us would be amazing. Thanks, Sean. Appreciate that. Oh, yeah. This is a much shorter line. All right, let's just go do it. If we can get in it before it gets too busy, I think we might be in good shape. I just had to kind of take the long way around due to the uh crowd and the parade. Let's go this way. I'm excited to bring Liam back to the parks pretty soon. Okay, this is not 30 minutes. I just don't know why this ride is always so other than low capacity, I guess. But it is very Oh, it's reserved. Yeah, you can't go in there. Oh, cuz they got some uh stuff under there. It's reserved for Eeyore. Oh, mom went to the hospital um on Tuesday, but she is okay now. She spent Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and part of Friday. And she got dismissed a release Friday. Oh yeah, just me tonight. We got Mr. Master joined us for a little bit, but yeah, he's he's uh here. I guess mom and dad around somewhere or no? >> Uh they're done. So I guess I'm really on my own for my final night. >> Okay. >> I need water when this is all done. >> All right. Oh, yeah. Here's what I figure I'd wear on my last full night. Explorers the sky. >> Okay, they may know Explorers the Sky. Uh, let's see. Gwen in Rome just pulled up an old video of Spectra Magic as I had never seen it. Definitely not Josh Level quality. Probably an unpopular opinion. I like Starlight better. Okay, there you go, Gwen. I think it's more like what you grew up with really than anything else. You know, like for instance, I grew up with uh Rivers of America, so I'm probably always going to miss Rivers of America and I was very vocal about not wanting that to change. But um you know but you know so I will probably always struggle with Piston Peak just being able to you know enjoy that as much. I you know I don't haven't seen it yet but enjoy that as much cuz I miss I'll miss Tom Sawyer and Rivers American all that cuz I grew up with it. So yeah but I think Grin I think you're absolutely right. I think um I think Starlight is really great and I think if you feel like it's better than Spectre Magic I think that is absolutely valid. Hey, Cheryl. >> This ride reminded you of Mr. Toad's ride in Disneyland a little bit. >> Yes. Are we talking Pokemon? Yes. He's got Captain Pokemon there. Captain Pikachu. Sorry. They're all They're all Pikachu. It's fine. No, I'm just kidding. I don't think I'll ever completely enjoy Piston Peak. Yeah. So, it's just that, but some people might be super excited for it. So again, it's it's just it's uh it's hard for me because of my memories with stuff. And that's a difficulty that Disney has because they have to appeal to people that have never been here before and people that have been coming their whole life. It's a tough balance. >> So here's why I'm asking. >> Why is that? I want Sky remade >> and I want it so bad because I had this made. >> Oh, that's super cool. >> Shows I like the game so much. >> It's very cool. Oh, you want me to show it? Okay. >> This is from the game. If you see those stars. >> Cool. It doesn't mean anything to me, but that's super cool. >> Yeah. I had that drawn out by my brother's uh fiance's friend for a small fee. Oh, >> okay. Very nice. And then it became my background. >> So much property that could have expanded. Yeah. So I I love the idea, but I just don't like what it replaced. I think that's my main thing. But yeah, it's not really neither here nor there tonight, but it is just something I always I think about every once in a while. So we got in line for this at about 8:35 or so, so we'll see how long it takes to get through here. Sending healing prayers out to you and your mom. Thank you. Purple Fire says, "That's a lovely commission." Yes, for sure. '8s kit from SoCal. Nothing will ever beat the Main Street electrical. Well, that's a good one, too. Obviously, um I wish I when we moved down here, I wish I'd gone to Spectro and I wish I'd gone to Spectro and uh Main Street Electrical more. Was just so busy with my first job, I didn't go more. Oh, thanks, Wendy. Oh, don't forget to subscribe, hit the notification bell, all that stuff. We're at 213,944. And again, while we're waiting, this is the 24-hour ride stream. It's showing carousel progress right now. Also, I put a label on there where it shows, it's small on a phone, but it shows what what's happening. Some of the names are weird cuz it's just file names, but it took me hours to figure out how to make that work to show the names on there. And then here is uh the main relaxing stroll. And that is showing nighttime stuff. Now it is time. It's showing Epcot now. So cool. There you go. Yeah, Happily Raptor is great. I mean, I was sad when it went away the first time, but um Enchantment's great, too. I believe Enchantment's on tonight on the uh Ride channel. If you like Enchantment, it is on. There's a lot of good things about Enchantment. It's on at um 9:00 tonight, in 15 minutes. been so awesome to see rides from different years. It brings back so many memories. So cool. So glad to hear that. >> Barntormer wouldn't be not wouldn't be bad. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Barntormer is five. Dumbo's five. >> Mansion. Wow. Now I have to do it. >> Salvator Salvator this way. >> Yeah, it's been 5 minutes for a while. >> I saw I I went on it earlier. It said 10 minutes. >> Usually in the early morning, it's usually the dentist on When I get back to Jamaica the next day, I'm going to tell one of my station masters a hilarious story that happened the night before Mike walked out. >> Good. >> Actually, do you want to hear it? You may want to mute though. >> Oh, okay. No, that's all right. We'll talk about it later. >> It's very funny. >> Okay. >> It's not bad, but it's very funny. Not surprising that a ride that's hourly capacity isn't over a thousand an hour is a lot has a long line. Yeah, it's true. Just it's been longer the last few months for sure. >> Mr. Tob was always 30 to 40 minutes most time too. But this one even gets to 60 60 and more. honey. >> Yeah, it might actually be 30 minutes. >> We're in line to ride Winnie the Pooh. We just haven't done it for a while. So, we're going to try it. I know it's not as fun to stand in line, but we got Happily Ever After coming at 9:30, and I will go back to Main Street for that. So, we'll make it. should be pretty close to onto the ride there. And there's a lot of lightning lanes coming in. I think that's part of the problem is just there's so many lightning lanes. >> It makes it hard for everybody that's waiting in the regular line. >> Oh, you can jump out of line and get water if you want. >> Okay. Don't make me Don't make me uh >> because it's my final full night. I might as well do whatever I can. >> Okay. >> I thought it would be shorter during the parade, but this ride doesn't look like If >> you have a theory as to why Peter Pan's flight has an extremely long wait time, it was only two two to three people per vehicle, so that makes it much longer. >> It does constantly move, but it's it's a pretty long interval between vehicles, so that's one of the big things that makes it a long wait. Now we've got to go around this corner and then we'll be past the uh Lightning Lane merge. >> For sure, Tyler. >> Yeah, that's a Fantasy Land rides. A lot of them have low capacity, so that is why they have long lines a lot of times. Disneyland has a lot more Fantasy Land rides. So, that helps the capacity on those because Disneyland has Pinocchio, Snow White, uh Mr. Toad, Peter Pan, Alice in Wonderland. Um those are the dark rides. And then it has I mean Small World, it has um Casey Jr. Shybook canal boats, like teapotss, um the carousel, like they have so many rides there. On Mr. Toad's wild ride, it used to be here only had a a two to three person capacity for a while cuz they only have one line or one row in their um cars, one one row, one seat, whatever. And then they eventually um They eventually refurbished it and added a second row in the Mr. Tow drive vehicles. Now Disneyland still has one row. It's a very important trip this summer. So no Disney trips in 26. Just have you and Jenna deliver magic for sure. Jump. Absolutely. >> Yeah. We need a few more rides in Fantasy Land. Now we have plus seven doors mine train which does eat a lot of people capacity wise but Nobody else in here. For once I picked the right seat cover. >> Oh, good. Yes, Mr. Toad at Magic Kingdom had two alternate paths. Two completely, not completely, but two mostly different rides. It only converged in London. Uh, that was such a great ride. The Mr. Toad here was monumental. It was one of the only rides where you could literally get a whole different experience on both sides. It was a short ride, but it was really nice. Honey and different colors sort of. >> Oh, I see. It's just the the refresh rate is causing this banding effect here. Uh Lean, no, they're not keeping dinosaur. They closed it a while ago and they're already changing it into Indiana Jones. They removed the um Iguanadon out front a long time ago, like like a couple days after it closed. They didn't waste any time on that. >> See, that's weird. I didn't even see that. But the banding is must be a refresh rate mismatch. It's not how it looks in real life. Here, I'll show you. I'll take a picture of it. That's how it looks in real life. Bit >> too much of a hyperchondriac to touch the wall. I get that. We always used to do it as kids though. And we were always okay. Do you have that ride on the 24/7? No, I actually don't have Mr. Toad on the 24/7. I need to put him on there. I don't have a lot of good videos of that. It was so dark. I mean, with today's technology, it would be great, but that's why the Disneyland one, we get such good great videos of that one. But nope, not with the technology they had back then. Could probably probably take some of the ones we have now and do an AI upscale on them. But if the information or if the information is not there, it' be hard to make it work. I could probably dn noiseise it though. I love the way that Milan wrote this all this. This is where the chapter ends with Pooh and you and all his friends. But there is so much more to do when you go on to chapter two. Yeah, we um we um definitely stream Mr. Toes and we're out of Disneyland. I guess 30 minutes was right. Either way, happily ever after at 9:30, so don't go anywhere. And at 9:00, the 24-hour ride stream will have enchantment. Is Sue the T-Rex still there? I don't know. Oh, that's a good question. I was going to say, was she there? I guess there was a model, a replica of her, wasn't there out front? Maybe. I can't remember. The real one's in Chicago, I think. When we visit Disneyland again, it'll be a while. >> Give us 5 years and we'll get to chapter 3. >> We're getting close. We're almost to the merge. How many was it? >> Two. >> Uh, Linda and Dan. The front of the castle is pretty much done. If you rewind to the very beginning of the stream, I showed it. the narrator when he poo Sebastian Kabat and he is one of the birds in the preacher area. Oh, really? That's cool. I got a video of those guys doing the um Tiki Room narration at D23. Oh, no, not at D23. Retro Magic. I'm sorry. That Tomorrowland thing was at Retro Magic, too. I got them all confused. >> I remember the old live action Winnie the Poo. Yeah. Was that live action? >> I don't remember. I remember the old show, though. >> Oh, yeah. So, my cousin >> Michelle's really enjoying the 24/7 channel. I can't imagine the hours you put into Yeah, it's great. It was something that I worked really hard on. >> I'm glad it helps you wind down a little bit. >> Mine, too. You're going to come on in. >> Hi, just Oh, I said two. That would have been you and me. >> I was going to say my cousin beat me again in the video. >> That's why she looked confused cuz I'd already said two and I was by I already said two and then I walked through by myself. >> You're good. >> We actually I even looked it up on Google on the first stroke. If your ball gets close to the hole in one, but it gets hit by another ball, doesn't count as a hole in one. And actually, yes, it is. >> You mean if the other ball knocks you in? >> Yeah. >> Oh, I don't >> Well, I mean, technically it would because you only hit the ball once. >> Oh, okay. >> So, yeah, it would count cuz you didn't hit it another ball. >> Yeah. I mean, it like a hole in one with asterisk bite, right? >> Cuz technically your original stroke didn't hit it in, >> but you also only hit it one time. What are you playing? Mini golf on the phone or what? >> No, this was earlier. >> Oh, okay. tested at the resort TV open. I know, right? Here's some behind the scenes when I came down. By the way, very bad. >> Oh, fun. >> Very nice. >> That's actually >> Yeah. The old win of the poo on the Disney Channel in the 80s was good. Yeah, it was >> that was a long time ago though and I was probably in high school or younger. >> One of the girls in the bar gave me a piece of lettuce and this little one out of nowhere comes up to me and I'm like, "Can I help you?" And surely enough. >> Oh yeah. >> Oh, that's cute. >> How many hours a week park? I don't know. Like 4 hours on Friday, 3 to 4 on Tuesday. So we'll say 8. Um say six on Saturday. So probably about 12 to 14 a week is a lot. Um, yeah. By the way, I was saying Bureau Beach. I I wouldn't have done that when I was in high school. It must have been the first few years I was teaching cuz I think that place didn't open until late 90s, early 2000s. I'm not sure. But either way, it was a long time ago. >> Oh, there you go. >> What's that? >> Oh, okay. Yep. I've been on it. >> All right, guys. We're almost there. Probably a mistake cuz we lost like two or 300 people while waiting for this, but it's okay. Oh, enchantment's on though. Here, check this out. >> It will switch to enchantment here in just a second. Oh, there it already did. >> That's on the 247 channel. >> Yes. Er's tail is held on by a thumbtack. So after this, we'll go watch Happily Ever After. Yeah, Enchantment's on. Uh Jenna, yeah, is doing Wednesdays. It's not me. Uh but she didn't do this Wednesday cuz she was helping out mom and dad's mom was in the hospital. So >> yeah, it's just one she only missed one week, I think. >> Maybe some while she was cruising, too. >> Oh, it's on my on my 24-hour stream. It is. Oh, really? >> Yep. Right now. >> I was just showing him that. >> And my friends have to torture me with what I'm flying. >> Oh, yeah. >> Okay. >> Enchantment was the fireworks show for the 50th anniversary here. It was only here for a couple years. That's a really good one though. So, the fireworks show history at Magic Kingdom is F there. Fancy in the Sky, which changed over the years, I think. I don't know if there was something before that. Fancy in the Sky Wishes, then Happily Ever After, then Enchantment, and then Happily Ever After again. >> Hey, Isaac. Yeah. So, it did take almost exactly 30 minutes, but we got in line around um 8:35 or so. You can go watch Enchantment right now. Oh, w the poo and the blustery day. Yeah, I missed that one. Okay, here we go. Got to wait a second. When it starts moving, then it'll go down. >> Enjoy the ride, buddy. The East. He'll never reach that tree. >> Why me? Why me? Oh dear. Hang on tightly. My uncle Makes you feel just great, doesn't it? Sony bounce right out of the ride. Watch out for the wolves. They feel strong honey. Yeah. Heat. Oh, you're famous. A very big one. until the last rain went away and everyone gathered together to say hooray. >> Hooray for too. All right, friends. >> There you go. >> This fell off. >> Oh. $4. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. The low light looked really good on that one. It's good. I like it. It's a fun ride. A fun fun ride indeed. >> That ride makes me think of >> What's that? >> Uh Snow White >> in some ways. Yeah. That ride brings back a lot of memories. >> Okay, we have to go around this way. >> So, what? No, it's right around the corner where the fairy tale hall is. >> Oh, okay. >> Yeah. >> In the same building basically as this. >> Okay. >> All right, guys. Now, >> that's good. Well, if you want to go get a drink, I'll meet you on Main Street. >> Yeah, I'll be right back. >> Okay. >> He's wearing my ears. >> Plus, I need a pretzel and the restroom. >> Okay. All right. BRB. >> See you. >> What happened to the music near the end of the ride? I don't know. I actually wasn't even paying attention. I didn't I didn't even notice. I guess maybe it was just sometimes the speakers are off or something like that. I'd have to go back and watch it. I don't know. All right, fireworks time. Who's ready? >> Who's ready >> to find your happily ever after? Piston Peak looks pretty darn fun. I hope so. >> I think the new ride's going to be good. The problem is you got to you're going to have another ride that you have to do a Lightning Lane to ride, which of course makes Disney more money, but um you know, I get that that's the that's the business side of things, but um it is frustrating to take away two rides. Liberty's Liberty Bell River Boat and Sams Sawyer Island that both basically had zero little to no weight and put rides on it that are lower capacity and and uh are going to have a lot of weight cuz I'm sure whatever little spinny ride they put in there is going to have a long weight and I'm sure the uh Piston Peak, you know, the racers, whatever that is, it's going to have a long weight. So, I think it'll be fun. I think it'll just be crowded and you know, >> I don't know. We'll see. It will give more area for people to walk around. That's the one benefit. There's a lot of area where people will be able to walk around that will spread out the crowds a little bit. Also, the other benefit is going to be Villains Land when it opens. We don't even know what kind of rides they're going to have there. The Villains Land um will give a lot more area for people to walk around. I watch the playback stream so I can hype them. I'm hyped out until tomorrow. Thanks, Michelle. I really appreciate that. Yeah, YouTube has just decided they're not going to >> um they're not going to promote our streams on the algorithms. Uh except Oh, sorry. Except for um to people that watch them all the time. >> So, it's like those of you who watch the streams a lot, it'll promote the streams to you and then you'll watch them because you you know, YouTube knows you normally do, but if you don't normally watch, then it'll it won't promote them as much. All right, let me turn the uh quality back up. There we go. >> Bumper cars. Yeah, that makes sense. >> See, I have mixed feelings about it. Obviously, there's some things that'll be good, but I'm anticipating the lines will be long and some of that stuff. So >> felt the same way until wheelchair guest told me they would finally be able to enjoy that area of the park. Yeah, I do get that. Now the wheelchair guest could ride uh Liberty Bell. They had uh they had uh you definitely could ride the Liberty Bell on a wheelchair or a scooter. So yeah, that was one thing you definitely could do. Yeah, Tom Sawyer was was obviously not a not possible. I don't know, though. I mean, maybe you could go, but there's a lot of places in Tom Island you couldn't go. >> Could you get a scooter on the raft? I'm not sure. >> But yeah, I I do get that. >> The beautiful river is now paving. Not quite. They are going to put another river in there. And um there is going to be some pavement, but yeah, it's there is going to be more water in there. Right now, it's just dirt. roller coasters through Maleficent Castle. Yeah, I would love to see like an epic dark ride like uh like Monsters Unchained, but maybe more Disney friendly. I'd love to see a huge villain's dark ride. Like, I don't think it needs to be another coaster cuz again, then you're dealing with a lot of people that can't ride it. Like, I like coasters, don't get me wrong, but the last several rides that they've opened have been coasters. So, I think it'd be fun to not several, but the last couple I think it'd be really cool to have um >> a ride for everybody. >> So, yeah, I do get the wheelchair thing for sure. But I think that's one reason why I would rather have a dark ride cuz dark rides Disney. Nobody does dark rides like Disney. So, I I'd love to see it, man. Maybe they could have that and a throw ride. I don't know. But >> I'm sure Villain's going to have to have some type of throw ride. But I think Disney took Disney took it to heart, right? The criticism for years was that Disney didn't have enough thrill rides and Universal was a thrill ride park. I think they really took that to heart, which, you know, is good in some ways, but I think it's time for to go back to creativity and stuff. Like, I mean, Rise of the Resistance is a great example. Rise of the Resistance is a dark ride, but it's epic. How about a villain's ride, but like on the level of Rise, right? something that pretty much everybody could ride and something that is epic but not necessarily like a coaster. I think that's the move. >> Will we end that with people moving a little shopping? Maybe. >> Maybe. >> Okay. >> Let's go closer tonight. We won't see the projections, but we'll see tank better. How about that? >> Let's go all the way up. Let's go up. >> Let's go close tonight. I don't know about Tiana's. We'll see. Probably not. >> Yeah, a roller coaster through the castle does sound kind of cool. To answer your question, >> Maleficent's Castle, not Cinderella Castle. My gosh, that would be that would be rough. over here. I am back. a slow themed people mover type ride through land. That'd be fun. bell for a second. All right, about 15 minutes left >> till showtime. >> Mike says Josh back on the night shift. Yeah, I did a couple daytime ones because of family stuff going on and also just because of wanting to get some daytime streams and sometimes they just perform differently. >> I did the night stream last week too though. hear music. Yeah. >> Yeah. It keeps it pretty stable. >> Yeah. Yeah. And you can kind of you can kind of like >> super handy. >> Oh yeah. The only thing is you can't really put in your pocket like you have to take it apart, but does it charge your phone or >> um some of them can. This one doesn't. Um I just have a spare battery for that. >> So I like do like long live streams in the park and stuff. But um there is a little gizmo my sister uses for vlogging. It's about this size. It's just got a little camera on top of it. It is pocket size. It's called uh the DJI um oh, what is it? >> I can't remember. It's the DJI camera thing. And I don't know you guys in the chat tell me. I can't remember. The DJI camera thing, whatever it is. But that thing literally does fit in your pocket about the size like a phone. And you can just like get it out, do pictures, do video, walk around, whatever. >> And it stabilizes as well. So it's not your phone, but it also will like save directly to your phone and stuff like that. So, but these things though, too. This one's like $69 on Amazon. So, the gimbal's not too expensive. >> Osmo. Is it the Osmo? No, it's something else. I'll find it anyway. But yeah, it's it's super cool. Oh, it is Osmo. Osmo Pocket. That's what it is. >> Let me see if I can find it. >> That's just Okay, there it is. >> It's this thing. >> I think that's just a lens for it, but that's what it looks like. >> Yeah. Yeah, they're fun. How many people you rocking right now? >> Uh 2427. >> 2427. >> Oh wow. >> Hi. How are you? >> You got your Tinker Bell ready to go. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Maybe he's >> Oh, no. It's okay. I have a nine-year-old. How old is she? >> She's four. >> Okay. Sometimes I bring him out to come with me to do uh the fireworks and stuff, but he came with me the last day Tom Sawyer Island was open. That was like his favorite. That's cool. >> So he liked to run around the fort and >> that's the apartment up there where the lights are. >> Yes. But I think the light is apartment. >> Yes. I think the light is fake, but yeah, that's that's where that's the general area where the apartment is. >> It's actually I think the actual apartment is just below that. >> Below. So, if you go on the side over there by Liberty Square, there's a set of three windows, and that actually is windows. They're stained glass, but you can see out those in the apartment. >> Like, if you look online, there's like pictures and video of it. >> So, that's my bucket list, man. If they could even just give me a a 15minute tour of it, I'd be in heaven. >> Just saw it on YouTube today. Somebody got a privilege to >> We're on Disney's media list, but they haven't taken us in there yet. One of these days, maybe. So, About 10 minutes, guys. Yeah. What's your favorite part of Happily Ever After? Let me know. >> What I'm curious about is when they're going to get the projections in the back of Main Street fixed. >> Been out for a while. I mean, there must be some technical thing, but just wondering. >> Really? >> It's been uh months. Unless they just decided to stop doing it >> from the fireworks. >> Maybe there's an operational reason. I don't know. It just looks so cool. It was all of Main Street though with it was happily ever after and enchantment. >> Good evening of all ages. In just 10 minutes, Magic Kingdom invites you to enjoy our nighttime spectacular Happily Ever After presented by Pandora. Our journey begins in just 10 minutes. >> Thank you. >> You got to go to the side. I don't usually wash this far up, but it'll be fun to be fun to see more tank. We can see her all the way over to here. That'll be nice. I should be able to get a good zoom on her, too. Let me see if I can get a good castle zoom. last time. >> It's a pretty good 5X. >> Just watch your Enchantment video, Josh. Definitely Josh like quality. It was a good show. Happily Ever After makes me cry. Oh, yeah. For sure. Thanks. I'm glad you enjoyed it. Hey, don't go anywhere. Happily ever after. >> You don't want to miss that. >> 9 minutes. Have I been to Paris? Uh, >> no. I wish I had Hey, Dad. Wish I could be there tonight. I'll be there next week. Oh, awesome. Wait, who's your dad? >> That's definitely not Liam's account. >> Liam's got a Transformers account. Master got his water. >> Wait, >> Liam, is that you? Did you make a new account? I I doubt. Doubt that's actually Liam probably in bed. >> Hi Josh. I wanted to tell you I first got my first Ultra phone, the Galaxy S26 Ultra. Awesome. No, that's not Liam's account. I don't think >> somebody's just being weird. Hey, welcome back. Been a while. Pirate Harry says, "Been a while. Still love your quality and your assist to tell her hi." Great work, guys. Thanks, Pirate Harry. Seeing at Pop Century for the first time, only done Caribbean Beach. Any pointers? >> Oh, I I don't know. Just make sure you get on the Skyliner. It's so hard. >> Thanks, James. >> Been watching for over a month or over a year now. Nice. >> I want to show you something really cool. Good evening, dreamers of all ages. In just a few minutes, the Magic Kingdom invites you to enjoy our nighttime spectacular, Happily Ever After, presented by Pandora. In order for you to fully experience tonight's performance, the lighting around the Magic Kingdom will be reduced. For your own safety and for that of others, we ask that you remain in the same location until the lighting returns to normal. Our journey will begin in just a few minutes. Thank you. >> So, I got to sign up in to get to the schedule just like how you are. >> Good luck. All right. >> Beans. >> Yeah. Yeah, that's one thing I'll probably put on there eventually is the ability to create a stream on the app, but right now I just do it on my computer and it works fine. We always preschedule our streams, so I just do it on the computer. Four minutes, guys. Four minutes. think projections over the new silver paint. Yeah, the silver paint probably is better for the actual um projections, I would think. Welcome back in everybody. Let's come back to watch the the fireworks. We'll probably do a uh couple rides right after fireworks and then we might watch um Starlight as it comes down the road. >> Maybe we'll run into Haunted Mansion since we're not that far from it right now. Am >> I doing any special streams? I don't think any special ones, but we'll see. All right. About two minutes. >> Two minutes. I'm getting surprised right now. How's the crowd draw mid April? Pretty chill. It could be except for the the race the race weekend which we will be Jenn and I'll be running. So we got to do our fundraiser here pretty soon for that. >> That'll be fun. Oh, relax and dizzy. 1500. That's no fun. >> Hey, Ash. >> Ash and Emily. Hello. >> Welcome back. No, I first. >> Here we go into magic time. 15 seconds. Enjoy. Woo! Woo! And they all live happily ever after. Each of us has a dream, a heart's desire, a calls to us. And when we're brave enough to listen and bold enough to pursue, that dream will lead us on a journey to discover who we are meant to be. All we have to do is look inside our hearts and unlock the magic of ready to begin. Let the wonder take home you watch the moment. I can dream that we're following out for a new step we take new home. Every choice we made helps us find I wish I Heat. Heat. Holy star is shining bright. to make a wish and hold on tight. There's magic in the air tonight. Heat. Heat. There. Taste the morning there. I married every man who really walk there just one day and then I swear I'll be content with my share and Heat. Heat. Heat. Your destiny lies within you. We just have to be brave enough to see it and then your journey begins. My glory Jesus and She's on my ass. I take I track I made a place I know I cannot go to see the light shine and see it's Please find me. But beyond that, I cross that line. Call me and no one know the way I tell the secret behind me. I know I love Trust me. Having your best friend by your side opens up a whole new world of possibilities. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. That's what friends Oh sh. Everybody some people are worth melting for. Say goodbye. Say goodbye to the pain of the past. We don't have to fear anymore. Class my heart. No matter what they say, you'll be here in my heart. Heat. Heat. See the light and I see the light and the light is real and the world is somehow All I want everything is different now that I see you. Now it blows my breast. So rare and beautiful. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Look inside yourself. You are more than what you have become. Remember who you are. I have a dream of a far where the hero will be waiting for me. with a crowdf to cheer when they see my face. And a voice keeps saying, "This is where I Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. And so our journey comes to an end, but yours continues on. Grab hold of your dreams and make them come true. For you are the key to unlocking your own magic. >> Now go, let your dreams guide you. Reach out and find your happily ever after. The battles and all the changes to the sky. We all have the courage to fight. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Woo! So good. >> All right, everybody. >> I think we're going to go run and see if we can get to a haunted mansion. Okay. All right. Okay. Maybe. Let's just see. Hold on. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. See if we can make it. Yeah. towards the castle. Towards the castle inside the castle, boat. All right, stay with us. We're trying to do Haunted Mansion if we can get to the Haunted Mansion. We just have to get around the corner here. Wasn't that great? We got a good shot of tank. That's for sure. That's X music is the best. So magical, celebratory, amazing, ultra magical. See if we can cross over here. We're on our way. So far away. >> I like the uh I like the second third verses here on this one. chosen. There's no limit to where we're going when they look inside. So stay tuned. And Starlight at 10:00, which we probably watch from Main Street a little after that. Was trying to get to Haunted Mansion, but it is not easy. Let's see. I need to cut left. >> There we go. >> Change by the way. >> We all have the courage to fly. Big finish. I love the twinkie lights on the trees. Aren't those great? >> When you look inside, scary. I know. I know. Yay! >> I love the spotlights coming down. >> They do such a good job with that. >> Now we're on our way. holiday. >> Okay. Let's see. Haunted Mansion. Clap clap clap clap clap. >> That is Mr. Master. He ran ahead, huh? I guess we'll see him later. Okay. All right, I'm going to switch over to >> my Haunted Mansion connection. I'll be right back. >> Did you say will be. Welcome back. >> Okay. >> So, when you're further up on Main Street, you can get over here pretty quick. Yay! We made it. >> Found all the available space. >> Cool. >> Oh, you made it. >> It's like going left and right. >> What's that? >> It's like going left and right. >> Yeah. >> 24. Huh? >> How much longer you think it'll hold? complain. >> Oh, I don't know. Well, it's been going for 4 hours. That's pretty good. >> I'll probably I'll probably plug it in after this, but >> I kind of want to see how long it'll go. >> Let's see. You're the only teacher I know that has his configuration figures, right? My favorite side. I brag for you and your sis. Thank you. Appreciate that. >> All right, here we go. So yes, the answer is deadly. That is the time when Yeah, relaxing Disney. This is the Samsung Samsung Galaxy S26 Ultra. This is it. You are watching its abilities right now. >> Welcome foolish mortals to the haunted mansion. I am your host, your host. >> Begins here in this gallery. Here, where you see paintings of some of our guests as they appeared in their corruptible mortal state. Kindly step all the way in, please, and make room for everyone. Whereas, you know, turning back your bodies away from the walls and into the darkness of the gall. >> Your cadaavverous power betrays an aura of forodium almost as though you sense this quieting metamorphosis. Is this haunted room actually stretching or is it your imagination? And consider this dismaying observation. This chamber has no windows and no doors. Which offers you this chilling challenge to find a way out. >> Of course, there's always my way. Heat. Heat. You're automatically This is what's crazy. I could never see these portraits before. The other thing I can never see before is the bookshelves. The bookshelves and the marble marble bus. The marble bus you can see, but the bookshelves were invisible. So, it's pretty cool. of the superatch. >> Yeah, that was loud. That was unnecessarily loud. >> Like I get the screaming, but like when it hurts your ears, it's probably too much. I do have sensitive ears, but still. My son does, too. So, he wouldn't he wouldn't have liked that. I don't mind having a good time, but painful is not not necessary. I know quietly see all the time. Oh yes. Our library is well stocked with priceless first edition and marvel busts of the greatest ghost writers the living world has ever known them entire manual 999,8 volunteers Not a sign of darkness. I feel unbelievable here in this every room. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Tail all in the spirit wherever they're at. Rack quality tail. It's time to respond. Send us a message from somewhere beyond. and ghoulies from last Halloween. Awaken the spirits with your tambourine greetings and cries, toes and eyes. Let there be music from regions beyond happy wizards and witches wherever you dwell. Give us a hint by ringing the bell. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Here comes the Asat. Playful spooks have interrupted our jewel. Please remain seated in your doom, Bucky. We will precede you in just a moment. >> We have been unavoidably detained by brandy spirits. Kindly remain seated in your doom body. We will continue our tour in just We're just kind of hanging around here. Please remain seated. This door will be in motion immediately. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. My sister Beyond the tears by your side. Heat. Heat. You will not return. Be sure to bring your life down. Exit to your left. Exit to your left. Exit to your left. >> Starlight might be almost here. Maybe we could watch it right on. >> Yeah. >> All right, guys. We We could maybe see Starlight down here and then go do People Mover and call it a night. We'll see. Unless you guys would rather do rides than people than uh than Starlight. Let me know. Let me turn this up here. Yeah. Yeah. Great work, Isaac. No, but look at the You can see everything so clearly. >> I can't believe you can't even see the building anymore. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah, they've got it really >> grown over. >> Yeah, we were talking about that. >> For how long? >> All right. What building? There's no building back there. The whole ride's in the mansion. Don't break the immersion. Just finished watching fireworks from Bayake Tower and now relaxing in bed. Nice. Enjoy. Oh no, Disney's not going to take Haunted Mansion away. You know what? Um, might be fun though, was to ride um I haven't done Peter Pan with this phone yet. Let me just see what though. There's 35 minutes now. >> That wouldn't be bad. >> Yeah, it's 40 40 minutes now. >> During Friday Night Live, while I was in >> Maybe I'll do it Tuesday. I went up to the I believe it was the third floor of the Coca-Cola Tower and you could see Magic Kingdom from there. >> Nice. >> Yeah. >> Oh, Pixie streamer. Best streamer ever. Oh, thanks. I'm just doing my best. Night rides could be fun. Yeah, I you know I'm fine either way. So So Starlight started at 10:00 over here, so it should be coming down the road right now. Um I'm actually fine riding rides. Are you guys Is anybody really want to watch the parade? Let me know, guys. Let's just see where it is. It's got to be down here somewhere. I'm pretty sure it started at 10:00. I'm checking my my app. >> It would be nice if >> Oh, 10:30. 10:30 it starts at Oh, we got plenty of time. All right. So then So here's what we do. I don't really want to wait 40 minutes for pan. >> Let's just go do people mover and then we'll kind of play it by ear after that because I am thinking I mean I mean you can do whatever you want. Like you're you're you're here on your last night so if you want to do pan like go for it. Don't don't let me stop you. >> No, I'd rather just do the easy stuff and bang it out of the way. We just get here to get a spot because >> they're saying rides. Okay, cool. I just feel like watching the parade, I love it. It's a great parade. Like I said, I just feel like I don't necessarily always have to watch it twice. I think I I'm happy after once. And maybe if you know, like what we used to do, we used to watch it when we come and then the second time you might catch it from the back or catch it from the side or, you know, that's fine. But we didn't like plan to watch it. So that's another thing. >> It's easy to go like midway. >> Yeah. I'm just trying to think of what else we could do. Let me check the other way times. See if there's anything else compelling. We get our nighttime TTA ride done and then I'm just trying to think. >> Uh how about the mine train? >> Oh, it's going to be longer than that Peter Pan. >> Yeah. >> Okay. So, people mover and then we've got uh we jump pirates, we jump haunted. >> Space Mountains 20. That's hilarious. I prefer >> I'm kind of tempted to jump in pan at the end of the night, but then Okay, here's what we do. Maybe we do this. We jump on pan and then I just want to make sure I make it to uh Starbucks before 11:30. I did the Jungle Cruise last week, but I I I do love that. Yeah, the castle looks amazing. >> And they did such a great and fast work with the paint job. Yeah, I don't think it's done yet because the turrets aren't all painted yet. The turrets are going to be darker blue. The ones in the back are already dark. Oh, I need to plug in. This battery is going like crazy. The S26 Ultra great battery life. Even using the dual Wi-Fi cellular like I do, it still is holding on for a long time. So, >> Oh, that's got dual SIM capability. >> It does, but I just I'm using cellular and Wi-Fi at the same time sometimes to make it work. When I'm on Wi-Fi, I shut the data off. And then when I'm on data, I shut the Wi-Fi off because it just burns through while it's >> Well, the problem with that is sometimes it has an issue with getting a signal. So, when it when it I like having both because then when it runs out of when it runs out of Wi-Fi range, the cellular takes over. But either way, all right, I'll be right back, guys. >> There we go. I didn't even turn on BRB for that one because It was fine already. Let me turn down the exposure just a little bit so it doesn't look like otherworldly. All right, and I'm going to go ahead and plug in. We just finally hit 15%. That is pretty good. I try not to let it fall much below 10% cuz then it's like very unreliable. >> Feel like I'm in everybody's picture tonight. Sorry, my my throat is gunky. I am going Monday for my first allergy appointment. So, I'm hoping to um continue to uh get better with that so I'm not clearing my throat on the streams all the time. >> Oh, yeah. I actually had to get some tests done recently. >> Oh, that's too bad. Mr. Fix Peter Pan packed because they wanted to see if they really do have the crows to fly. Nice. Do Peter Pan, Mr. Toad? I'd have to have a time machine to do Mr. Toad or fly to California. >> I think I read they don't have Mr. Toad in Tokyo anymore either. Is that right? They have Splash Mountain in Tokyo, but not Mr. Toad, I believe. Yeah, if you want to want to ride I know if you want to ride Splash Mountain, you can go to Tokyo, which obviously is easier said than done, but >> apparently uh apparently uh reasonable price tickets can be found. Allergies are bad right now. Yeah, for sure. Especially here in Florida when all the all the plants are starting to bloom because it's warm here and it's raining and stuff. So, it's it's really really is spring here even though it's not officially spring yet. I want to make time to California, but is it really worth? >> Oh, 100%. >> The parks are smaller. My uncle out there, sorry, my aunt out there knows the park inside and out. But >> well, but there's so many different rides that aren't here. >> Like something entirely different. >> Lots of entirely different rides. cuz for the past couple of weeks that the singalong song on VHS has been stuck in my head while driving and when I used to watch that many years ago so many things that used to be there years ago is not in there anymore if you watch that. >> Oh, okay. Yeah, that shape really brings back >> cuz once I got this girl on Facebook and out of nowhere, it just comes up to my feet and I'm like, "Holy macarons, this is my sign." >> Hey, Bella. Glad to see you. Wonderful night. Yes, indeed. Oh, wow. There's a whole there's a whole band over here. Apparently, they all were meeting at Tomorrowland. All right. So, I may I don't know. We'll see how much time we have. I could do Space Mountain, but I'd have to put you guys in the backpack. I didn't bring the GoPro, and you can't see anything anyway. It's so dark. So, Space Mountain's uh fun for me, but not as fun for you guys. Yeah, I'd have to put you in the backpack. >> Hi, as well from people who were nice. Not March 20th. Okay. This coming Friday then. It's fun. at all times. >> Really good streaming quality. Did the S26 Ultra have a much better camera? Yeah, it sure does. >> Hello Please step carefully onto the meeting platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times. Keep your hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. Please supervise younger vehicles. Stay clear of the doors, which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. Please step carefully onto the moving platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors which will open and close. I know you >> This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service. Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Ror 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see Tomorrowland. Among the stars, is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not fly while on board. Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Trail. Transfer to green and red lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future, right by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny key over. I wonder if that is a tiny. >> On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except actual stars. Those are no longer safe. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. >> Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing temples clear. Attention travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral moons of Pisces 7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Vote today. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Thank you, Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson at the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my god. Heat. Heat. monsters. Whether you have one eye or nine, take the time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come full. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're concluded, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow today. See you in the future. tomorrow. Please remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms, antenna, and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and titty and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. All right. Well, there we go. >> Yeah. Of course, now Winnie the Pooh is 10 minutes. I should have done it now, but uh Peter Pan is also 25, so I'll go do that. >> Cool. >> Then I should be in plenty of time to watch maybe watch Starlight. So, we'll see. Yeah. Hello. >> Waiting patiently, but didn't want to feel like we were stalking. >> Oh, no. You're fine. >> How are you? >> Good. How are you? >> Uh, the kids met you last year. Okay. At a Halloween party. >> Okay. >> And you all took selfies and they wanted to say hello and they wanted to say hello. Long time watchers. >> Well, thank you. >> Thanks for the streams. We really appreciate them. >> It's our pleasure. Did you guys want to say hi on the live stream? >> Yes, we can. >> Okay. >> Hi, guys. Charlie, Kyle, pop. Hello to everyone. >> What are your names? >> Uh Tom and Mar from Baltimore. >> Thank you so much for everything you guys. Your whole family. You watch all the time. My dad is actually the one who introduced me to you. >> Oh, nice. >> Very cool. >> Very cool. >> 91. >> Wow. >> Was watching you before we were >> Oh my goodness. That's pretty awesome. >> Yes, it was. >> We really appreciate it. >> Thanks. Have a good night. >> Well, thank you. And tell your dad I said hi and thanks for watching. >> All right, you guys. Have a good night. You too. Bye. Can't wait to soon see this open again. >> Yep. >> Hi. How are you? >> Good. You >> guys having fun? >> Yeah. How are you? >> Oh, perfect. It's a great night. >> You beat the rain. You came later for the rain. >> Yeah, I actually was here early, but I I went on Small World and got out of the rain while it was on. So, >> yep. That's what you got to do. You got to jump in a ride. >> You guys have a good night. Here's another fond memory of people which you might remember back in ' 08 or ' 06. He used to have this voice as you would get off and he would say now approaching Final Destination and it would stretch those lines. >> Yeah. No, it did. And that was the old uh two narrations ago. There was another There was one that changed in 2020. Sorry, 20 When did it change? I don't know. 2015 16 somewhere around there it changed and then it changed again in like 22. >> When were those lines stretched until like 2006? >> No, it was later than that. Uh let me see if I can look it up. >> Yeah. >> Tomorrowland people mover narration versions. I remember the old Space Mountain uh Blue Tunnel which had such a high pitch it was definitely >> Okay, I have to look it up. I don't know. But yeah, either way, there were several. There was before, right? So before that, there was Orac One and then there was the the one that was now approaching Rocket Tower Plaza Station. >> And then there was um another one. I know this one's ORAK 5. So there must have been one before ORAK. Must have been another one in there. But this one calls himself ORAK 5. Who knows? >> I can't believe you would remember that. >> I've been around a long time. >> This is probably like what, my 22nd time down here. >> Yeah. Yeah. There's a um I have a video with an old Sony digital camera of the ride in 2006. Um and it has the old narration, but I can't remember when it changed. Let me ask uh let me ask the AI and see when it changed. Tomorrowland Transit Authority People Mover has had several different narrations throughout the years period. Can you list them and the approximate years that they were featured? >> You're using Chat TV. >> Yeah. The original webway people mover and narration. Jack Wagner Disney Park voice style. Sponsored by Edison Electric Institute. Orac won the commuter computer 1985 to 1994. A fictitional computer guide. Much more robotic and futuristic tone redirected the mid or reflected the mid80s updates to Tomorrowland. And then the Tomorrowland Transit Authority narration cuz it was People Mover before that 1994 to 2009. Okay. So it was it was here when I uh moved here. here. I moved here in '08 and the old narration was there in '09. >> Yeah. >> Major overhaul during the new Tomorrowland refurbishment when the steampunk theme came in. The blue line and the whole thing. Blue line, red line, green line. They had all these different lines you could go into. So, that was cool. Um, and then the modern TTA people mover narration. Um, 2009 to 2022. More traditional tour style narration. Again, updated references to attractions like Buzz Lightyear, Monsters, Inc. And then the current ORAK 5 narration, brand new narrator styled as ORAK 5, a call back to the original ORAC computer concept script includes references to historic Tomorrowland attractions like if you had wings timekeeper mentions Tron life cycle run. So that was 2022 to the present. Thank you. All right, cool. I'm just thanking the chat. All right, that's fine. So, sorry. There's one thing I wish that could be reverted back is the current Montreal voice. It's not enthusiastic as it used to be. >> Yeah, it's a little different. All that stuff is available online. when I came down here uh in 2014 when they implemented all the magic bands, that's when it was still I think that previous exciting run and then they changed it uh in 2016 to everything. The buses, the boat, everything. >> Yeah. I don't know. >> I didn't realize that the same voice was used on the bus. >> Let me see. I got to read some chat here, too. Uh Michelle Josh, tonight has been so much fun. Thank you for all you do. Brings happiness, laughter, and joy. also growing a wonderful community of people. Your channel um your channel stands out before all the others. Thank you, Josh. Thank you for the history update. Yeah, for sure. I was curious about what the years were on it. Oh, the XP is Yeah, that's like a that's like a game for typing in chat. You get points for typing in chat. So, after this, I'm going to send you over my 247 ride channel. I just brought that out on Tuesday for the first time. I've already added several rides to it. We're going to add more uh as we go along. We got lots more, lots more retro, lots more modern. Eventually, I may even add Disneyland in there. That'll add like 20 more. The idea is just that you're not going to see the same rides over and over again. Now, the stream does seem to really enjoy um the friendship boat ride. It seems it the the quote unquote random shuffle was playing that several times. So, that's something that definitely uh it's just random, but it it does tend to like favor certain rides sometimes. passenger. >> I may have to turn on Wi-Fi as we go into the queue here, but we'll we'll figure it out. I won't I'm not going to switch anything. All right. I missed the old Spaceship Earth Birth. Yeah, that was Jeremy Irons. Same guy that did uh Scar in the Lion King. So, that's pretty cool. Jeremy Irons down to 20 minutes. >> Yeah. Down to 20 minutes now. Not bad. Yeah. A spaceship earth changed in '07. >> No, Small World's not on there, but I filmed it today, so we'll be fine. Although, I filmed it and the little girl behind me was like telling her mom, "I want that dress and I want that dress." So, it's like, you know, you'll just have to deal with that until I can get a new recording. >> Yeah, I mean, it's it's kind of cute, but also some people may not like it. Oh, thank you. >> Wow. This is >> This is not 20 minutes. >> No. >> Has to be 10. >> This is cool. Look at the low light here. Nice. Banana, >> banana, banana, >> banana. >> I don't even need the I don't even need the uh >> I don't even need the Wi-Fi, I guess. Hopefully. >> Yeah, this clearly is 10 minutes. Watch. I'm going to eat my I have to eat my words here in a minute. Have you been to Epic recently? No, I hadn't. But Jenna was going to do it on Wednesday, but then she missed it because um mom was in the hospital. So they rescheduled their their time. This is like a walk-on. It's like a walk-on. Almost there. Wow. How cool. >> Not quite a walk on, but pretty pretty awesome. Yeah, mom's okay. Thanks. >> Oh, that'll be fun, Mary. I hope they have fun on the vacation. >> Yeah, mom's home. She went home Friday yesterday. So for my June vacation, a friend of mine and I >> want to go to New Jersey and spend the day out there. >> Okay. >> Yeah. huge. >> And there's actually this uh relaxing club that we want to go have a look at. >> Okay, cool. >> So blessed to be here. Thank you so much for this live stream. Awesome, Jilly. So glad you're here. Uh Danny, what's your new channel? It's Resort TV 247. Mppers, if you're here, can post it in the chat. Resort TV 247. I'm so exhausted. So, I want to say good night. Good night, Michelle. Thank you. I'm praying for mom. Oh, yeah. Thank you. Hey, Taylor. >> Here, I'll show you. >> Oh, that's a Montreal ride. I was like, it's construction on the Montreal. But this is the 24/7 channel. want to get it to 10,000 people eventually. But it's got two live streams on it >> and several relaxing videos, including our very popular rain video. >> Okay, Houston, we have a problem. >> My baiter pin is missing. Oh no. >> Uh, but I've got my duplicate in there so I don't have to worry. I'll attach it. >> Okay. >> So that's why it was kind of like Hi. >> Thanks, Jilly. >> I love watching the 24/7 channel during my workday. So much nicer than looking out the window at snow. There you go. It's like your own personal little window to the magic. Okay. >> Of course, Jenn and Dale have their channel, Adventures of Jenn and Dale. you can watch. They have vlogs on their channel. Uh and then also um my retro channel, which I will be eventually be uploading some more stuff to uh Retro TV1 Tech, so go check that out. I can't wait to see how the uh low light is on this one. Be awesome. Thank you, Classy Disney, for posting that. after this. We might go ahead and watch um Starlight. We'll see. We might be able to get down to Main Street by the time it goes by. This is totally worth it. This was so fast. There we go. >> See, I'd be paranoid now. I want to keep it put away so that the next one I don't lose my spare, but I don't have pins, so I don't know much about it. I mean, I have pins. I don't wear pins. Did >> you GJ Wolf, thank you for subscribing to the 247. >> Oh, we don't have time. We're about to get on the ride on these ones. Please wait right there. This is why I say >> I see. >> Makes sense. >> I recommend these. >> Okay. >> Enjoy, guys. Pixie dust and off we go. Come on everybody. Here we go. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. around. Now I'm going to take that around. Help me. Help me. to your moving and watch yourself. Please do not lift up on your safety bar. It will lift automatically. Then exit to your belt and watch your step. Please do not lift up on your safety bar. It will lift automatically. >> Oh, that was great. That look awesome, too. Super cool. Wow. Oh, this is actually a walk-on. Wow, that's so cool. There were like four people in line for it. >> All right, let's see. >> What? 2 minutes. >> 10 minutes. The parade's probably on Main Street now. Let's see if there's anything else that's really short line. >> Maybe Small World. >> Small World is, but technically, um, and you're welcome to do that if you want. Uh, I might just go down and I don't know. I'm trying to decide. I might just go down and show uh Starlight and get my cookies and be done. You could technically do Mine Train is 25, but I don't know. That's cutting it close for cookies. We'll see. >> Yeah, it's very good. Peter Pan's very good ride. >> Emily, now you consider my train. >> Well, like I said, you can always go do whatever you want. Don't let me stop you. So, I'm I'm here all the time. So, don't don't feel like you have to you have to uh be chained to me or anything. You can go if you want to do a ride anytime, you can go do it. No, >> I'm 29 years old. I'm not sponsoring the job. >> Okay. Okay. Good. >> But it is an honor and a pleasure to be with you for my final night. >> Oh, I'm glad. >> And I will say thank you. >> Oh, you're welcome. I just always feel bad because I have my, you know, I have to make decisions on the rides based on the stream, but if somebody's here for their last night, it's like, don't ever feel like that you have to follow me around. >> Ordinarily, I don't even let people do that. So, >> um, all right. So, I'm I don't know. We can look we can look and see where it's at. We can look and see where the line is and see if it's worth it or not. Cuz otherwise, we would definitely miss Starlight if we do this. Uh, but otherwise I can just come we can go around the corner and and find it. >> Um, I don't know. I can't decide. >> Ordinarily, you're a great teacher. >> Yeah. >> And a great friend. >> Well, thanks. >> I think I think I may pass it this time. I think I may take I may take a pass this time cuz it looks like all of 25 minutes, which is fine. So, your choice. If you want to go ride it, I'll meet you after on the main street. I think I'm pretty much done as well. I'll go wherever until the final hour comes. >> All right, guys. Let's go find Starlight and then I'm I'm hungry for a snack. It's been a long night. So, I'm not sure where Starlight is right now, but we'll kind of go around and see if we can find it. One of the things I didn't do because I was checking on uh Mine Train is uh Starlight is so cool when you walk through the castle and see it, but I don't want to go back around there. So, we'll see what happens. Um let's see. Sponsor-wise, we actually didn't do very many. So, let's talk about Resort TB1 Homes real quick. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, just go check on resort tb1homes.com. Again, that's resorttv1homes.com. Go check it out. Uh, if you want to move to Central Florida, find your dream home here in Central Florida. Go check out resorttv1homes.com. >> Oh, there it is. >> Oh, yeah. Uh, Carmine Valentino 199. Hi from Venenzo in New Jersey. We will be at Walt Disney World next month. Oh, thank you. And also, I think I missed a couple super chats earlier. Edwin Diaz 131 and JC99. Thanks for the channel, Josh and Jenny. You're the best. I'm so sorry I missed that earlier. All right, here we go. So, we may have to like may have to like play parade catch up here cuz there's Whimsy going in front of the Luckily the parade doesn't go as fast as we do. But that's so cool. Although they may beat us this time. Boots and cats and boots and cats. Are you having fun? >> I'll work on my cookie ahead of time. Oh, >> we're not going to see it all, but that's okay. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. You look pretty. Wow. That's so cool. I can't believe this is crazy. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. We can do anything. Tonight is all about Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, it's beautiful. It's just Heat. Heat. Sh. There's so many stars to wish just like us. It's a dream to be up here among the stars. Oh my. Have you ever seen anything so wonderful? The magic of starlight is all around us. Gosh, Minnie, have you ever seen a star sparkle like this before? >> Oh, it's so magical. >> Come on, everybody. I wish that this night would never end. Heat. Heat. A friend star. >> It's like we're all shooting star. Heat. Heat. I hope you guys enjoy Star Life. So good. We got to see just a little bit of it. Well, that was super fun, guys. >> I hope you enjoyed it, and I will uh definitely see you guys on Tuesday. Jen will be live on Monday. We're going to send you guys over to the 247 channel here in just a bit. I'm going to grab a cookie and then uh I think I'm going to head home. But it's been awesome to um have you guys join me tonight. Yeah, I can't wait to do more with the S24 or S26 Ultra, too. So, I'm so used to saying 24. That's what I have. But anyway, there's Whimsy. He's doing his blue thing. I love it when he turns blue. And right right before that, he does like uh some puffs of the of the smoke stack. So, thanks Heather. Thanks everybody. Thanks Ashley. Thanks Noel. But yeah, you'll be redirected over to the 247 channel. I do need to talk about some awesome sponsors really quick. We have uh let's see, we have the Davis DBC Rentals. Uh, it's dbcrequest.comtv. David's DVC rentals. Again, dbcrequest.comtv. Go check it out. Um, if you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, go check out David's DVC rentals. Again, they're dbcrequest.com/tv. Again, dbcrequest.com/tv. Also, uh, what else do we have? Oh, we have um Behind the Ride on Amazon. It's Behind the Ride on Amazon if you want to find out how all of your favorite rides were created. And also Disney Demystified if you want to find out the history behind all your favorite rides. It's Disney Demystified on Amazon, which now has an audio book. So, go check it out. Disney Demystified and Behind the Ride on Amazon. We also have um Dream Table, which is an app where you can get reservations for all the hardest to find restaurants at Walt Disney World and all the Disney parks and cruises. Just go to the app store and search for Dreamtable or you can go to dreamtable.co. Again, dreamtable.co or just search in the app store for Dreamtable. Really reasonable and it searches for all of your reservations and then it allows you to um make the reservation yourself. It doesn't make it for you. It's really cool. So, it notifies you. It says, "Hey, Cinderella's Royal Table is open for um you know, you know, March 25th at like 3 p.m." and you're like, "Okay, go book it." So, it does that. It's pretty cool. Uh so, go check that out. We also have uh um Layer 1 Technology. If you want to get tech support, IT support for your small or mediumsiz business. Go check out Layer 1 Technology at supportlayer onetone technology.com. Again, that's support onetone technology.com. And I think that is everything. We've got platinum members and things we'll talk about, but mostly we got it. So, thanks for being here everybody. Really appreciate you. They're still doing the music down there. Here it comes. There's the in the ending. Such a great ending. Ain't it great? My little string chloris there is so good. And then to Horizon's court here and all the lights come back on. It's so magical. >> I love it so much. All right. So, we have some platinum members. We have uh Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Go Mini, Dian 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer, Mickey, Mike Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jaylen Moxley, Cicandra Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, Alan J., thank you so much for being platinum members. Thank you Patreons. Thank you moppers. Thank you hoppers. All you guys, we're going to go over to the 247 channel. Love it. And uh Mr. Master aka Craig, thank you for joining us for today. We appreciate it. >> And Josh, >> I have one more thing for you. >> What's that? >> Walgia and Magic Kingdom anonymous. I agree. >> Oh, okay. Well, I'm I'm I'm done. So >> So yeah. So we want you guys to come over with us to the 247 channel. >> So here, I'll show you what it looks like. >> But yeah. Anyway, everybody's leaving. So, here here's our channel. We're going to send you over there. You can watch tomorrow, too. We got a ride stream and a relaxing stroll stream. So, check it out. We will uh we'll see you over there. Thanks for joining us. Thanks, Alex. Thanks, Alberto. Thank you, everybody. We appreciate you so much. >> You're the best. So, there shouldn't be any there there not shouldn't there there probably won't be any streams tomorrow. Jenna doesn't usually stream on uh on Sunday, but we'll be back. Jenna will be back on Monday. I'll be back on Tuesday and it will be all good. So, it's all right. Well, we'll see you over on the 247 channel. >> All right, everybody. We're we're signing off. >> All right. Hopefully, this will work. >> So, one more thing for you. >> Okay. Huh? Oh, thanks. Oh, $15 for Mr. Marl uh for you and your treats. You've taught me a lot and I taught you a lot. Plan to enjoy my final night with my family and you. Oh, thank you so much. I appreciate that. I thought you were going to show me a picture or something. Thank you. I appreciate it. Uh, thank you. That's awesome. I was like, he's going to show me a picture. He just can't find it. Well, I appreciate it. Thank you for joining me. >> No problem. >> We'll see you next time. All right, guys. Let's um let's say good night. So, uh thank you again. Thank you moppers for mopping all night. We appreciate you guys. And uh yeah, said we'll see you over on the 247 channel. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. I think that they got rain. This is my picture.
