---
video_id: ZxNUVZfjfpc
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Whimsical Wednesday at Animal Kingdom - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 1-28-26"
published: 2026-01-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxNUVZfjfpc
---
The other one. >> Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live today for Whimsical Wednesday here at Disney's Animal Kingdom. Welcome in guys. Before we get too far into the video, want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all of the social media for Resort TV 1 on all of the things. Welcome in, guys. It's going to be a wild time here at Disney's Animal Kingdom. And right after the stream at 4:30 p.m. Eastern, I'm going to be premiering a new vlog from the Disney Character Warehouse. So, you don't want to miss that. I'll be chatting along with you guys as you watch. I went there yesterday, so it's a brand new video. You'll get to see what's there. Um, and uh, yeah, watch along with us. Hi, Scarlet. Hi, Lisa. Hi, Amara. Hey, Benjamin. Hello. Hey, Zelina. Tinker Tail. John is here. Elizabeth, hello. Hello, Noel. Mega Byron. Hello, guys. Welcome in, Catalina. All right. And I'm not alone today. It's also very, very nice. Um, beautiful weather. Little chilly, but the sun is nice. But, um, the safari is only 10 minutes, so I think we're gonna head to the safari first. Hi, Jose. Hi, Indiana. Hi, AJ. Lisa, Nancy, Paige, and I have friends. Lots of friends today. Sharon, we have Rachel, Rebecca, and Jiren. I feel like it's a Mickey Mouse Club. >> Everybody says hi. Awesome. You guys ready for a wild time? >> Yeah. >> Let's go see some animals. >> Let's go to the safari. >> Hello, Catherine. Hi, James. How's it going? Welcome in. >> Hi, Tony. James. Catherine. Scott. Sorry if I just said your name twice. That just means, you know, you get a high twice. Oh, the sun is gorgeous. Did you guys see how cold we're going to be this weekend? >> The low on sun, it's Sunday, right? Or Saturday. Sunday night. The low on Sunday or Saturday night, one of those is 25, I believe, or 20 something. 22 cold. That is really cold. I actually cannot remember the last time it's been that cold here. It's been in the 30s, but 20s, >> that's that's going to be cold. I think I saw something just record. >> 2010. Oh my goodness. Tim says, "Uh, hello ladies and no gents." >> We do. It's girls day Tim. Where are you? >> Hi Lisa. Happy Wednesday. Hello Carp DM. We got 155 likes already. Thank you so much for boppinging that like button. Let's go see if the baby otter are out. While we're next to the otter habitat. Let's go see. >> Oh, I hear him. >> Yeah, I hear the >> Yeah, >> I don't see him though. That is >> only a 10 minute wait right now. >> I wonder if they're back by the door to go back inside. That's kind of >> Let us in. It's too cold. >> Yeah, I'm not seeing them. >> But they're squeaking. >> Make a lot of vocalizations. >> A lot. What? They make a lot of vocalizations. >> Do they? A >> that's so cute. >> They're known for all of their social communication. It's fun. >> It's fun to watch them play. >> Oh my gosh. >> Yep. I still hear them. >> We have four babies though. >> Four babies. A >> I think the baby animals are the cutest. I mean, they're all cute, of course, but >> but yeah, they have the otter. You just can't find them. Animal Planet >> at the moment. >> Hi, Seth. >> Hello, Noel. How are you today? >> So, we already stopped in uh Starbucks. Got our Starbucks for the afternoon. >> That's right, Tim. We do. Jarren is always great with all the animal facts. She works in a zoo. So, share out the stream. Let everybody know we are live. Oh, you know what? forgot to put on the uh ear cover thing so that you guys don't get one noise. And they're in my pocket. >> One second. There we go. >> Um we will be here. Well, I don't know if we'll be here. Good question. We will not be here to stream on Sunday. So, sorry about that. Um but I might be here just to ride. So, we'll see. Maybe I'll do a vlog. Stay tuned. >> I don't see the tamarinds. >> I bet they're in their nice warm tamarind warm weather. >> Okay, >> they don't like that cold. I don't blame them. I don't like it either. >> Hello Leslie. How are you? No worries at all. Midday Wednesday stream. That's right. Well, we're heading towards the safari. I think we're going to go do the safari, check that out, and then maybe do some animal trails. Got to love um Animal Kingdom cuz it's always different with, you know, all the animals and what animals you might see each day and what they're up to. So, I love Animal Kingdom, especially when it's not a million degrees outside. Even better. Let's go vlog that dino. That's right, Tim. That's right. Tim, when are you back again? Next month, right? I know you told me. >> But I don't think the girls will still be here. >> There you go. Look at that view. I wonder if the water at Cali is frozen. Probably not. It is supposed to get up to like 50 58 today, so I doubt it. >> How are the How are the crowds at Hollywood? They were at Hollywood earlier. Early morning was fine. It started picking up probably about 10:30, 11. >> Okay. >> Cuz right now this doesn't seem bad here, >> which it does close at. So that might be why people are heading out. >> We did towers rock and we did single rider ride. >> Wow. >> That's right, Tim. That's right. Okay. >> Tower and it delayed. We're like going to waste our hate when that happens. >> It's a gamble. It's always a gamble. >> Yeah, it's true. >> The ride in Slinky was delayed, too. >> Oh, man. They were all too cold. >> That's what we were wondering if Slinky were like, "What are any of these things?" >> Yeah. >> Huh. That is very interesting. Okay. >> So, guys, we're going to take a quick restroom break cuz sometimes the safari is a long ride. So, >> Sharon, did you need a restroom break before we go? >> I might. >> Okay. I might. Do you guys want to shop with the stream? Sure. Okay. >> All right, guys. We're gonna we're gonna leave you in the hands of the ladies for a second while I use a quick restroom break cuz sometimes a safari is longer. So, you know, sometimes it's a four four day safari. All right. Who? Yes. Whoever wants it. >> Sharon's got it. >> All right. Oh, he's our >> It's actually Thank you, Jiren. Oh, look at I'm No. Taran's throwing away my garbage for me. I'll be right back. >> Hello, everyone. >> Good afternoon. >> Hi, Sandy Pandy. Hello. >> Hi, Amara. >> Jumbo. Good >> job. >> How are you folks doing today? >> Good. How are you? >> Fantastic. Where are you visiting us from? >> Orlando. >> Not them. Ohio. >> Where are you folks from? >> We're from Ohio. >> Good. Got a bunch of folks from Ohio. >> Cincinnati. >> Right now. >> So, Cincinnati. >> Mhm. >> One family earlier this morning from Cincinnati. Everybody else. Well, and I had another family. >> Hello everyone. >> A couple from the Cleveland area. >> Superior. >> Great. Cincinnati. Especially >> the others. >> Hi, Virginia. What? What? Our humble. >> Yes, all the girls are here. >> My brother worked in chilop a year out. So >> binded down that way. >> Oh, these are really cute. >> What's kind of interesting with African dolls. >> Fellow Leo. >> The stuffing in them is made out of recycled. >> Hello Andy. stuffed animals. >> If you have any questions, >> thank you. >> How you all doing today? >> Paige says hello that she's from Cincinnati also. >> Go Cincinnati. Hi, Paige. >> Hope you're staying warm. >> Yeah, I really really appreciate Florida after what the rest of the country is going through. We can't complain about our chili. >> My wife just south of the bay was down in Los Angeles. >> Oo, this is pretty. 30th anniversary >> for a mere $729. You can also Oh, I'm sorry. Nope. It's 129. Much more affordable. This is what happens when I don't have my glasses on. >> Congratulations. >> And I love these bracelets that help fund their wildlife. Uh one of the wildlife conservation groups and you get assigned an animal that you can track. >> Hi, Catherine. >> Hey, Tiger Tail John. >> Jenna will be right back. She just ran for a quick break. Oh, Tim, I do have a funny story for you. After the stream on Monday, we stopped in Starbucks, of course, and the person at the, you know, the cashier actually asked me, "Is it Sharon with an I?" >> They did not understand why I was laughing so hard. >> How's the shopping? >> Oh, good. Good. >> We didn't buy anything yet. >> Not yet. >> No, we're waiting for you. >> Okay. Thank you. >> Thank you so much. All right. Ready for some >> good afternoon. >> Ready for the safari? Let's do it. You know what? >> Oh, no. I keep Oh, there's a new trash can. I got excited. >> Oh, this is new because on Monday they did not have this at >> These are new. >> Okay. >> And you can get crazy bananas here. >> That's probably right. That's a good for like candy. Yeah, I think I actually do. I actually do put candy in mine. >> That's what I'm like. I'm thinking like cuz you can open it on your nest. >> Well, that's cute. >> Or your tiny little trash. >> I was going to say to get for my niece and nephew as like something different. >> It is nice that they do open. The side still open. >> Isn't that cute? >> So, they're $14.99, but you also have to buy a half pound of candy with >> twist my arm. >> I know. Seriously. And they have some good choices here. >> They have runs with just bananas. >> Uh-huh. The crazy bananas >> and the banana. >> All right, we'll come back. >> Let's go. Let's go that way. >> I do love mom. >> We're going to go outside. >> Jono, everyone, welcome in. Hi, Amy. What did Tim say? I forgot. Or I didn't forget. I didn't see it. Hey, seriously, Jesse. >> Jesse. >> I said, what did what did Tim say? I forgot. And I said, "Wait, I didn't forget. I didn't see it." >> Andy's here, too. Hey, Andy. Welcome in your whole family. A thank you so much. I'm glad you're enjoying the stream so far. And it's going to get better cuz we're going to get on the safari. Hi, Isabelle. Wow. >> Hi. Thank you. >> I'll take that. >> We'll take 15. I know. Seriously. >> Gotta love it. Bananaama is a great band. Okay. I know. The whole fam is here in the chat. You should be here with us in Animal Kingdom. No wonder I forgot. I didn't hear it. Oh my goodness. And this is when it gets chilly again. You get in the shade and you're like, "Oh, yeah, it is cold. >> I'm just I'm comfortable. I'm a little toasty." >> You're getting toasty. >> Yeah. >> It's definitely balanced when you're in the midst of it all. >> Yeah. When you're in the sun, it's perfect. But if you have too many layers, Yeah. It's I got hot in the car cuz I layered up and then I got in the car and I was like, "Oh, it's hot in here." But you open your window and you're good to go. Hi, Nia. Hello, Jessica. girl is here. >> Hey, Veronica booked a twoight trip to Disneyland Paris. Staying at the Disneyland Hotel, your mom's first Disney trip. Oh my goodness, you are going to love Disneyland Paris. It is amazing. >> Gorgeous. Have a great time. And disturb them. >> Guys, share out the stream. Let everybody know we're live at the Animal Kingdom. >> Keep your eyes on your children. >> And for your own safety, remain in your seats at all. >> We have five people. Let's see if they put us in one row. >> Feet and legs inside the vehicle. >> Wait, wait. When are you going to Disneyland? Are you going to Disneyland without us, Tim? And and Jesse, what can >> Oh, awesome. Britney, >> we're supposed to get more snow in our area on top of the ice we got last weekend. Oh no. >> There's the cranes. Hey Louisa. >> Hey Gus. How are you? >> That was a funny noise. I'm going have to put my hat back on. >> Uh yeah. No, we just started at 2 o'clock, so you're not late. >> Not at all. >> Oh, for sure, Jack. All right. Okay, so here's where we stop. Not bad. Not bad at all. So, what animal are you guys excited to see today on the safari? Let me know. >> I'm excited to see the baby giraffe. >> That baby giraffe is my fave. The lions are always fun. >> Oh, that's right, Tim. I forgot. See, you got to remind me of these things. >> Thank you. I hope your day is going well, too. For your own safety, always remain seated during your safari as the road can be rough and rumpy. >> What animals are you guys excited to see? I want to see the baby giraffe. >> Is there a new baby? >> Newish. Yeah. I don't Do they have a name for that one? I don't remember. >> I don't think they've named a baby giraffe. I saw >> I saw him when I was here with mom and dad a week, two weeks ago. >> Okay. >> Him or her? I don't know. >> Guys in the chat. >> Oh, they're taller than you. >> Uh-huh. >> When they're born. >> Six feet tall when giraffes are born. That is crazy. >> They They almost have to be cuz they they fall really far. >> Oh, no. Tim, tell them you can't you can't do work duties. You have to hang out. No, I'm just kidding. Well, there's no back on the on the safari. >> Everyone, we are almost ready. >> Do you think they'll put us all in one? >> We'll see. Hello everyone and welcome to Safari. Before you begin your trip, you should know that >> five. Can you wait for the back row? >> Sure. Go ahead. You want two rows? Yeah. Go ahead and take nine and eight. You're on the second. >> Thank you. >> To ensure a safe could help from high blood pressure. All right. So, I want to see baby giraffe. What do you guys want to see? Elephant. >> Elephant. Uh, I want to see the baby. Yes, the baby elephant. Lion. >> I hope the lions are >> lion. All right. >> I mean, I love the baby dogs. They're so cute. >> Oh, they are cute. Okay. >> True. They might be in the sun. Might be laying in the sun. >> Okay, Jambo. Hello. I know we do. Jar's going to tell us all about him. I love it. >> Um, have you ever done the caring for giants tour here? You have, right? >> I would love to do that. That's with the um the elephants, right? >> And then there's a is there a rhino one, too? >> I only did the elephants. >> Okay. >> That was also when they were just bringing back tours after so like I don't know if it was a shortened version of that. >> Got it. It was great. >> The one where you walk over the bridge. But then we had Guardians preview the same day, >> which is the day we met you. >> Oh, no way. Oh, no way. Oh, that's so funny. Oh, when I was there, it was meant to be >> next time. Next time. >> We'll all do it. >> All right, cool. >> I was trying to see if you'll be here when Tim's here next, but he >> doing Marty Marty. Yeah. And what >> you're going to be on? >> Yes, we're going to be on a float. We We're not on together, but >> she's not on the date before us. We're We're on different. >> So, we tried to get the Saturday. Well, then they were all gone when they got >> to this plan. That's right. If you are traveling if you are traveling with someone orchair >> and not Dale >> so I couldn't get him on a float >> I tried to >> so next year I'll remember we knew his past Poor Marty. >> Yeah. Black Friday. >> Yep. He had a good day. A good weekend of golf. Literally. Is it pop golf? Mini golf. And you needed real golf. >> No, just him. And Andy. >> Safari time. >> Oh, that's awesome. We got to do the rhino um up close with the rhinos. Okay, cool. >> Nice. Here's our truck. >> Yes. Here we go. Isabelle. >> Care bunny friends. Welcome aboard. Make sure to slide all the way down in those rows, making room for your entire party. Make sure we like the seats we're choosing, cuz once we get going here, there will be no seat swapping, >> just like Jesse. Jesse was sitting on the right hand, >> but they're so good. >> They're so good. >> We're talking about the Epcot concerts, the Broadway that means thank you. Something else we like to say here in Harambe is one day. >> All right, guys. Let's go. >> Jambo friends, my name is Madison. I'm going to be your safari guide out there today on the reserve. Please be sure to remain seated, keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the vehicle at all times. I also highly recommend hanging on to those valuables cuz if they're dropped outside of the truck, we cannot stop to get them. And if you have any little ones, please do not hold them up or pass them around. We need to make sure they stay seated either in our laps or next to us at all times. This is a real truck. I am a real driver, so it can get really bumpy out here. Now, we are going to be starting off in the little Aturi Forest. The forest is home to some shy and reclusive animals. They're going to rely on their camouflage to evade their predators. Now, over to the left, there is a bongo. A couple of them laying down over there. And to the right side, there's an okopy in the back there. Oh, yeah. Now, a lot of people think that okopy are related to the zebra because they have those stripes on their legs, but they're not. They're actually closest related to the giraffe. We know this by the shape of their heads. Now, they also have really long tongues. They can clean their ears, eyes, and nose with those tongues. >> That's convenient. >> Uh-huh. >> Sure is. >> Now, coming up on top of this hill over on the right side, there is a greater kudu kind of behind the bushes. You can see its head popping up a little bit there. Now, there's also a couple saddle build storks. And there is a black rhino actually coming up right here on the left side. >> Oh, wow. There he is. Now, black rhinos are a more solitary rhino species. So, they do like to hang out by themselves and they have prehensile upper lips. So, they're going to grab their food with their upper lip and pull it into their mouths while they're eating. Now, they're going to weigh up to 3,000 lbs. That sounds like a lot, but white rhinos are going to be even bigger than that. >> Now, the greater kudu that was kind of hiding behind the bushes back there, they get their name due to their size. They're going to stand up to 5t tall at the shoulder. Male greater kudu are going to have horns. Females are not going to have horns. So, that did look like a female back there. And those saddle build storks, they get their name due to that yellow saddle shape on their bills. Males are going to have brown eyes. Females are going to have yellow eyes. That's one way that we can tell them apart. Their wingspan is going to be about the same length as the width of the canopy above you right now. So that is about 9 ft. Now once we get around this corner, we are going to be heading over into the Safy River. The Sophie River is home to some semiacquatic animals, so they like to hang out in and around the water. It looks like there's some pink back pelicans over on the right side. Now, pink back pelicans are going to get their name due to the color that comes up on their backs during mating season. So, the feathers and the skin on their backs going to turn a light pink color, kind of like they're blushing. Now, there's also a hippo in the water over there. Oh yeah. >> Now I'm hoping we're going to see some more hippos up ahead here. >> Now those pink bag pelicans are also one of the only known pelican species to nest up in trees. So let's keep our eyes on the water over on the left side. If you see any shadows or ripples, there could be some more hippos hanging out over here. >> Now a group of hippos is called a bloat. And hippos can stay underwater for several minutes without coming up for arrow. >> It actually looks like they are up ahead here. >> Oh yeah. Oh, they're up out of the water. >> Now, hippopotamus translates to river horse. So, when you see them moving under the water, they're usually not swimming, but they're going to walk along the bottom. Please remain seated. >> Sit down. Now, hippos can weigh about the same as a car. Also, looks like there's a Nile crocodile coming up on the left side as we cross this bridge. We're going to get a better view of that. Now, crocodiles are one of the largest crocodile species in Africa. So, they can actually get up to 16 feet long. Now, they look pretty scary, but they're actually very nurturing and maternal. So, whenever their eggs are getting ready to hatch, they're going to gently put them in their mouths and roll them around to make sure they hatch healthfully and on time. Going to get a back adjustment today. Now, once we get around this corner, we are going to be heading over into the savannah. So, unlike the animals back there in the forest, the animals over here in the savannah are going to rely on their speed, agility, and safety in numbers to evade their predators. Now, it's a wide open area over here, and there's not much to hide behind. So, camouflage won't help the animals much in the savannah. Now, we're just going to round a couple corners here. I can already see some animals hanging out. So, we're going to get a really closeup look at those in just a second. Right here, actually, at the bottom of this hill, there is a zebra going to be on the right side. Now, that is a Hartman's mountain zebra. One way we can tell is by looking at their stripes. So, you can see that their stripes don't go all the way down to their stomachs. Now, a group of zebras is called a dazzle. And zebras are going to have unique stripe patterns just like our fingerprints. When a baby zebra is born, they're going to memorize the pattern of their mother so they know who to return to. That's called imprinting. Now, the reason why they call a group of zebras a dazzle is cuz whenever they're in large groups, predators can't tell where one zebra starts and another one ends. So, it kind of dazzles and confuses their predators. >> I can see some sable antelope coming up ahead here. >> Were they back there? Yeah, >> stable ancelof are the emblem of our reserve cuz they're strong and they stand up themselves and they are going to be over here on the left side. >> Now, you may notice their horns are pointing backwards. So, that helps them to defend themselves. Whenever predators approach, they can just keep their heads down and use those horns to fight back >> like cheddar. Yeah. >> Now, these mounds coming up on either side of the road, these are termite mounds. Termite mounds are made from termite, saliva, dung, and dirt. They're going to sit out here in the sun and dry up. They get as hard as concrete. And sometimes the animals like to come up to them and just scratch their horns or their backs on them. It looks like there's some ankle cattle up ahead here. >> Now, ankle cattle are the only domesticated animals out here on the reserve. Now, once we get closer, you're probably going to notice their large horns. So, those can actually span up to 8 ft from tip to tip. Now, a few of the cattle over here have smaller horns, so they are younger and their horns are not fully grown yet. Now, you would think that their horns would be pretty heavy, but they're actually light. They have a honeycomb like structure on the inside of them. There's a bunch of blood vessels in there, and they're going to help to regulate their body temperature. So, whenever it's hot outside, those horns are going to help to keep the cattle cool. Now, you're also going to get a little bit of a closer look at these zebras over on the right side. >> Just enjoying the sun. And up ahead here, there's some will the bees. Now, will the bees are going to have scent glands in their hooves that helps them to know where they've been and where they're wanting to go. About 1 and a half million will the bees are going to migrate up to 1,000 miles every year. >> There's a giraffe. And it also looks like there's some spring bach hanging out up here. So, they are laying down in between these >> long grass patches on the right side. >> Maybe not. I can't tell. >> Now, spring block are one of the smallest antelope species, and they like to do this thing called proning. So, when they get excited or scared, they're going to repetitively jump. >> Oh, there's the baby. >> About 6 feet into the air, straight off the ground, and 13 ft long. >> There's the baby right now. That giraffe over to the right side, that is a baby giraffe. Giraffes are going to be about 6 feet tall when they're born. They can get up to 20 feet tall once they're fully grown. And giraffes are going to have prehensile tongues. Once again, prehensile means finger-like. So, they're going to grab the leaves off the trees with their tongues and pull them into their mouths while they're eating. So cute. Now, giraffe tongues can get up to 18 in long. So, if you're looking at an adult arm, that's about from your elbow to your fingertips. >> That must be mama hanging out. A group of giraffes is called a tower. >> And you may notice their spots have those jagged edges. They kind of look like puzzle pieces that fit perfectly together. That's how we know that those are Messiah giraffes. There's also an eand over there to the right side. That large tan antelope. Eland are one of the largest antelope species. They have this skin hanging from their neck. It's called a dlap. There's another one over here to the left. Now, that dual app's going to help to regulate their body temperature, just like the horns on the cattle back there. So, it's going to keep them cool whenever it's hot outside. And it looks like there's some mandrels over to the left side as well. >> As we go through these rocks, though, we probably are going to see them again on the left. >> And there's an elephant up ahead here, too. Now, those mandrels are the largest monkey species in the world. Males are going to have color on their face and their backside like Rafiki from the Lion King. And the males are going to be a lot larger than the females. So, those males are going to weigh up to 100 lb. Now, this does look like an African elephant over here. One way we can tell is by looking at the shape of their ears. So, their ears are going to be shaped like the continent of Africa. The elephants are going to flap their ears and use them like a fan to cool themselves off. They're also going to travel in a matriarchy. So, they're going to have a dominant female and she's going to be the leader of the herd. And then once the males reach a certain age, they're actually going to be kicked out of the herd and left to live on their own. Now, sometimes they will form bachelor herds. Now, based off the fact that that elephant was hanging out alone back there, I'm assuming that was a male. Now, we're just going to cross this bridge and round a corner. See what other animals we can spot up ahead. >> Now, we are coming up on some red clay. So, elephants actually like to eat red clay cuz there's a bunch of minerals and nutrients in there that are going to help to keep them healthy. And it looks like there's some tusk markings over here on the right side. So, that could be evidence that we may spot some more elephants up ahead. Actually, if you look over to the left, there is a baby elephant. >> There she is. >> Now, elephants are going to have about a 100,000 muscles just in their trunks. Another way that they like to cool themselves off is by using those trunks to blow water or dirt up onto their backs. >> Baby kora. Now these large trees coming up on the right side, these are baobob trees. The baobob trees are going to remain leafless for about nine months out of the year. And then during the dry seasons, they're going to store a bunch of water in their trunks. And animals can come up to them and get the bark off the tree while also getting water at the same time. That's why they're also known as the tree of life. Here he comes. Now that baby elephant is coming out over here. >> She's so cute. Oh my goodness. >> Now, these baobob trees are also sometimes called upside down trees. cuz their branches kind of look like roots and it looks like they've been planted upside down. >> I think she was looking for some hay and then realized this one is empty over here. Let me keep moving. And >> it looks like there's another elephant. Actually, there's a couple of them hanging out over here by the water. >> Oh, wow. And there's also some flamingos coming up here on the left side. So these are greater flamingos. Now that's not cuz they're better than all the other flamingos, but because they're larger. Now they're going to hatch gray, white, and they don't get their full color 2 years after color comes from the brine shrimp that they eat. So, brown shrimp has a protein in it called beta carotene, and that's where that pink color comes from. >> Now, flamingos are also social, so you're usually going to see them hanging out in a group just like this one. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Murder murder. >> Now, it looks like there's some white rhinos over here on the right side. >> Now, white rhinos are one of the largest rhino species. They're going to weigh between four and 5,000 lbs. >> Now, they do like to hang out in groups. a group of rhinos is called a crash. >> And you may notice the mud wallow over to the left side. So they like to roll around in the mud to cool themselves off. And that mud also doubles as a sunscreen. It looks like there's a cheetah coming up here on the left side laying down in the back there. >> Our cheetahs are going to purr and chirp just like house cats. They have non- retractable claws. So that means that their claws are always going to be out. They can't put them away. >> Now, there might be some more up ahead here. So, I'm going to move up a little bit. >> Now, those claws are going to help with while they're running. >> So, cheetahs can accelerate up to 60 miles an hour in just a few seconds. >> No, there are three. And we are now some kopi rock formations. So predators like to hang out on top of kopi rocks to scope out the area. So let's see if we could spot anything over here once we get around this corner. It looks like there's some lions over here right now. >> Yay. >> They're loving the sun. >> I can see a male hanging out over here. So, male lions are going to have a mane. Females are not going to have a mane. And females are going to do the majority of the hunting for the pride. But that doesn't mean that the males aren't doing anything. They're going to be stay-at-home dads. So, whenever they have some cubs around, the males are going to stay back with the cubs while the females go out hunting. >> Now, lions are going to sleep or rest up to 20 hours a day. >> So, I'm not surprised taking a nap right now. Mhm. >> Now, you can kind of tell that that's a younger male. He does have a shorter mane. >> My goodness. >> Be afraid to fall off. >> She have a rough night. >> Yeah. And it looks like there's some warthog burrows coming up on the left side. And I can actually see the warthogs hanging out over here underneath the trees. If you've ever seen the Lion King, Pumba is a wthog. Pumba actually means foolish in Swahili. But warthogs aren't foolish. They're very intelligent. >> They're going to back into their burrows, making sure to keep their tusks facing out to defend them from predators. And if they see any pre-existing that aren't in use by other animals, they're going to take those and use them as their own, so they don't have to do as much work digging out the holes. >> Now, there are some ostriches hanging out over here on the left side. >> Ostriches are the largest bird species in the world. Males are going to have black feathers with white tips. Females are going to have gray feathers. So, that does look like a couple of females hanging out over there, >> hanging out in the road, I might add. >> I'm being white. >> I can also see a water buck. It's going to be over here on the right side once we get around this corner. >> Now, water buck are going to get their excessive amount of water that they drink. Squish, scratch, scratch. >> They're also sedentary, so normally they're going to be staying still near some kind of body of water. a lot. >> Oh, he's cute. Those are two females, by the way. >> The ostrich is still in the road, so we're just going to hang out here for a second. Oh, he's going to push him. >> Or she. Well, this isn't a bad spot to get stopped. >> No, you're all good. >> We get to watch all these rides. >> This is cool. >> And the cute little water buck over here. >> I've never seen so many. >> Me neither. Like out and about active. >> They like the weather like the fans. And the water buck do not seem concerned with the rhinos. So they must get along. >> I know. They're so cute. The pumbas. >> I know. I don't think so either, Mickey. Lots and lots of animals out today enjoying the weather >> versus when it's a million degrees. They're all just laying down. >> So you see like the mom and the dad and then like three. >> Oh, he heard something. This one's just staring at us like, "What you doing?" >> The ostrich must still be in the road. Now, these ostriches can be pretty stubborn sometimes, and they are one of the main animals that stops in the road. >> The ostriches, the giraffes, and the rhinos. >> Oh my. >> Oh, this guy decided to go in front of the car. cheese. >> Dapper connect. That's funny. Oh, there goes one. Oh, there they go. >> There they go. >> They've got the red pandas going. >> Oh my goodness. >> So cute. ladies. >> Well, two of them crossed. Maybe they're not far enough away. >> So, the ostriches are out of the road, but we're just waiting for some animal programs people to come and clear us to keep on moving here. Oh. Exactly. Get your ears on. This is why I went to the restroom before the safari. >> You never know how long you'll be on here. >> On any ride really. >> Yeah, you could get stuck. >> That's true. Oh, here here comes one of those >> ostriches. Were you blocking the road? >> The ostrich is like, "Who me?" No. >> I always think it's funny on Swiss Family Robinson that they they rode those. >> Yes, they do it. >> Okay. >> Ah, gotcha. >> But it is something >> because you wouldn't think they're that nice. They probably >> They're not They're fine. Some of them are more. Some of them are sweethearts. It depends like they're all individuals. >> Yeah. >> It's just humans would be heavy. >> Very heavy. >> I mean underneath some cake. >> Oh my. >> Really? Okay. >> Wow. >> And they've got these massive talons and feet. >> Jarren said a kick from an ostrich can kill a lion. That's crazy. >> You get them in the right spot. >> Yeah. Right. And they probably know where to kick. >> Oh, okay. >> Very powerful. If she were to lift up her wings, you could see the size of her leg muscle. Massive. >> Wow. They can run very fast. >> They're here. >> So, we can move in just a second. >> Oh, yeah. Oh my word. >> She's like, >> "Yeah, look at all of them. They're like, oo food." They're all trying to bring them. >> That's true, >> Tim. >> All right, guys. Here we go. >> Hi, Florida. How are you? >> Oh, the rhyme. >> I've never been that close to him. >> Now all the rhinos are coming. >> They'll keep moving. They're just going to follow the truck. >> This is so cool. Perfect. Bye, friends. We've made it. >> Now, over to the right side, there are some ostrich eggs on the ground there. So, as I said, ostriches are the largest bird species in the world. So, those eggs are going to weigh about three lbs each. >> Amazing. Now we are heading into Matti Glenn over by the wardens outpost. And it looks like there's some Nigerian dwarf goats hanging out over here right now. >> Now you may think that these look like little baby goats, but they're not. They are good. Wolf goats are one of the smallest goat species. >> Now, you may notice their pot bellies. They actually get those cuz they have four chambered stomachs. So, they need a little bit more time digesting all of those greens that they eat. And those four chambers are going to help out with that. Now, if you'd like to check out more goats just like those, you can head over to the affection section at Rafiki's Planet Watch. You can actually pet some goats over there. They also have some sheep over there that you can pet. You're just going to hop on the Wildlife Express train and it'll take you there. The last train is going to head out at 4:30. And while you're over there, you can also check out the vet clinic. Maybe they're working on some animals today. Or you can check out the nutrition center where they have experts preparing meals for the animals. They also have an animation experience over there where you can learn to draw some Disney characters with a Disney animator. And if you'd like to do anything to help the animals out at home, you can actually create some natural habitats just in your backyard. Maybe you want to put up a bird feeder or you can plant some native trees or flowers for the birds and butterflies to enjoy. And for my guests with children, maybe you want to encourage them to explore the tiny world of insects that's just in your backyard. >> And if you're looking for some more close-up encounters with animals, I highly recommend the feathered friends in flight over in Asia. They actually have a bird over there that knows how to recycle, and that's super cool. And while you're in Asia, you can check out the Maharaja Jungle Trek. They have some sumatran tigers over there. They actually have a baby tiger named Boxo. He just turned 1 year old not too long ago. And they have some really cool bats over there as well that you can check out and an aviary that you can actually walk through and get really close up with those birds. >> Or you can just go through it. >> Yep. Or skip it. One of them. >> Now, if you're looking for your wilderness explorer badge, you're going to head over to the nearest cast member in green. Once you exit, you're going to let them know that you were on the Simba One. We are coming up to the end of our safari here today. But here in Harambe, we don't like to say goodbye. That's far too sad and far too final. So leave with guarini. Guacerini means to go well. So go well and go wild. And if you're on the right, watch your hands, arms, feet, legs. So many animals. >> Have a great rest of your day, y'all. >> That was fun. Oh my goodness. That was so good. And we got to see the rhinos for a really long time, which was also cool watching them interact and stuff. You guys enjoyed it. All right. Does lag just a little bit in here. So, if you get a little lag, just refresh. Refresh. Well, I always like doing the gorilla trail after this because, you know, it's right there. And the gorillas are so cute. I forget the the youngest one's name. I always forget, but last two times ago we were here two or three times, she was up on one of the like far rocks so we could see her and she must have had a little boo boo on her leg or something cuz she kept looking at it and kind of pointing and then looking up like, "Someone help." It was so cute. >> Like a little kid showing its boo boo. Do you want to go see the gorillas? Okay. >> To the gorillas. >> Hi tea town Mary Ellen. >> A Yeah, she does look so cute, right? The yellow Pluto outfit. Hi, Dapper Canuck. Let's go see some gorillas. Open a little. >> Oh, thank you. >> Are my dogs pulling it open? >> My doggies. A Pluto. >> All right, let's go see what animals we can see. >> Hi, Sean. How are you? >> Uh, only one that thinks when Jenna goes to AK AK, all the animals all flock and fly over to her and she I Yes, I'm Snow White. Just call me Snow White. I love that. I love the animals. Yeah, I agree. Um, oh my hair. Only the only problem with hoods is it makes my hair so tangled. >> I don't have a long hair problem, but Jar is having long hair problems. >> Yes. >> Yes. The layers and the hair don't get along. >> Aydah. Oh, Ada. Okay, gotcha, Tim. Oh, this is open. This has been closed for a while. They must have been refurbing. >> It does smell like new new something. New construction >> like fresh wood or something. >> Yes, exactly. I wonder if they redid all their >> like their little bridges and stuff. Yeah, like Home Depot. Exactly. >> Like when they're like the 2x4s. >> Uh-huh. Exactly. >> But they're not out. They are probably inside staying warm. of course. >> Oh, I bet Sean. I bet you hate when that happens to your hair, too. I know. I know. Dale hates it. >> See if the copy. >> He did. He played all the golf. >> All the golf. >> Pop stroke, mini mini stroke. >> Listen, I knew what you meant. >> Popstroke, mini golf, and real golf. >> Okay. >> Best birthday ever, right? For him. Sure. >> Yeah, right. I know. for him. A love the okopy kind of hiding back there. >> No, not mini stroke. No, he did not do the mini stroke. >> That's funny. >> Do you guys have Top Golf? >> Yes, he didn't do Top Golf. We did um Popstroke. Have you ever heard of that one? It's Tiger Woods's mini golf. Basically, there's two courses and you pay one price. You can play as much as you want. And then um they have a restaurant and a bar and >> kids playground. It's it's a whole thing. Hey Darl and Victoria, how are you? Welcome in. >> I know it wouldn't be a good stream without the funnies, right? It's true. >> He did the backstroke and the mini stroke and >> Exactly. >> He's getting ready for the summer Olympics. >> Yeah, that's true. >> You know, you have to practice. >> Don't train. You can hurt yourself. >> Exactly. Let me tell you, I didn't train for the 10K and I was hurting. >> But we made it. That's all that matters. We made it. We get to go see. Let's see what Oh, these are the naked mole rats and the snakes and stuff. >> Yes, Tim. Tim, you need to go mini golf minus the stroke part. Exactly. >> Yep. >> Okay. Thank you. We're just gonna zoom on through. Oh, it is toasty in here. To our favorite part, the birds. Here we go. Hi, love pugs. How are you today? There goes one. I saw it. >> Oh, that scared me. I thought that was a bird. Oh my goodness. >> Do you want to watch the serpents? >> Oh, there went a bird. Holy moly. >> Sure. >> Oh. Oh, yeah. I see it in his mouth. Hi, Deanna. >> Oh, I like this little yellow one. So cute. >> She's gone. >> I usually too do too, but sometimes, you know, you got to show the stream. Yeah. I do have a hat on, so maybe your mouth shut and then you're good. >> Okay. >> This is true. >> Yeah. >> Before you look up. >> Good point. Good point. >> Go see the hippos. So, fun story for Christmas. Do you know I always sing I want a hippopotamus for Christmas. So, Liam at his school they do like a little they have a where they can buy Christmas gifts for their family and nobody, you know, Josh and stuff just give him money and he goes and buys. He always picks something out for me and Josh and the whole fam. Guess what he got me? >> A little stuffed hippo. I was so He was so excited to give it to me. It was so cute. I'm like, "No way. You got me a hippo for Christmas." It was adorable. It was so sweet. Oh, look. He's out or she one of them. >> How cool. >> Hey, New Orleans Disney mom. >> That is so cool. No. No. You're okay. There she goes. >> Don't know. There goes the hippo. I guess I should say. >> So fun. All right, guys. >> To the Timone. >> So guys, if you've not already hit that like button, please go ahead and bop it. It lets YouTube know you're enjoying the stream and then helps push the stream out to more people. Also, hit that subscribe button if you are new and enjoying the stream. We'd love to add you to the Resort Hopper family. >> And don't forget at 4:30 p.m. we're going to be premiering a video right after this from the Disney Character Warehouse. So, if you want to see what's new, I went there yesterday, so it is new and fresh. and I was able to um edit last night and get it ready for you guys right after the stream today. So, it's brand new. So, don't miss it right after this at 4:30. I bet the mircats are all inside or underground. I mean, >> maybe there's one out. And uh I'm sure the moppers will post the link, but this video will take you directly there. As soon as we end the stream, it'll take you directly to the vlog, so you don't have to worry about how to find it. Also, go check out one of our awesome sponsors, mikyras.com. Mickeyas.com. They will help you book your trip. It won't cost any more money than if you were to book the trip yourself. plan for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with Mickey.com. >> So cute. Oh, there's a couple of them. Have a great day. Thank you. >> A so cute. >> This is true, Tim. This is true. All the animals. I just want them all. >> Oh, they're enjoying the sun. >> So, future cast. >> That's right. You did. >> Hi, Simon. The one against the wall is so cute. >> Oh, did he? Oh my goodness. Like a doggy. Look at him. >> He's so cute. >> He's like, I'm done. I'm going to take a nap. >> This one's watching now. That is so cute. I missed it. What happened? >> I'm laying out. It's like the pool. >> That's funny. That was Chloe. After a walk, she'd flop on the tile. So cute. >> Tim calls those the new moms. Instead of Timones, they're the Tim. Sorry, Timonss. You know what I mean? >> Emphasis on the Tim. >> Yes, exactly. I can't talk. It's fine. >> Hello. >> What's behind you? >> Well, oh, there's one way up at the top of the hill. >> Oh, yeah. Barely see Yeah, barely see her. But there's a head. I see. Oh, there's one on the right side of this bush, too. >> I see I see the fur, but that's about it. >> Hello, Jamie. >> Oh, yep. >> There is a another girl. Oh, here comes a couple of them. Wow. Okay. wants to know. >> This girl, that's Lily. She was born, >> Lily. >> Me, too. Me, too. >> Family unit. >> Mhm. We were here once when I was in high school or something and one of them had just had a baby and she was walking with a baby along here and she held him like a football and then a blanket in the other hand and she just was like he was so cute. I have a picture >> showing off her baby >> baby. Yeah. She like was just holding the baby like a football. It was it was cute. >> Hi Alison. I know. I haven't showed my outfit today. I'll have to show in a second. Hey, Princess Kristen. >> Oh my god. >> But wait, but there's there's been videos. >> Oh, I There's another female that's like really interested in her. She always tries to get close. >> Like she'll come up and want to touch the baby and mom's like, "Nope." >> So cute. >> Not touch my baby. >> It's like that Tik Tok. Can I pet that dog? >> Oh, there they go over the hill. I know. Me too, Britney. I love the animals. They're so fun. >> I guess we can go around the other side and see if we can see them better. >> All right, MDF, no worries. Sounds good. >> We had coffee before the stream, so we're set. You're probably right. >> Yep. >> The sun is nice today. >> Thank you, Ticker Tail John. Glad you're enjoying the stream today. There must be something cuz everybody's hanging out on the bridge. Oh, that one has a blankie. Oh my goodness. >> Oh my word. That is the cutest thing ever. >> That is so cute. >> So funny. I've never seen >> a big me either. That is so cute. >> Yeah, he is. Look >> at that, guys. Isn't that adorable? >> A picture. >> Oh, sorry guys. There he is. >> No, no, no, no, no, no. Don't talk about that. >> Hey, you want in your life? Okay, >> go right there to dad as finished. Leland, stop. >> It is a blankie just like had on. >> That is so cute. >> Can you see him? >> I can't stop looking at him. >> Come over here. >> That is adorable. >> Keep going. >> You're fine. Keep going. Keep going. >> Can you see him now? >> Yeah. >> With his blankie. >> That one sitting with the blanket bigger, right? Yeah. He looks massive >> and he needs his blankie. Dang. >> Everybody needs a blankie. >> That's right. >> So cute. >> Good afternoon, guys. >> Welcome in. >> See if we can see him from over here, too. >> In a well lit pasture. Nope. They're all must be over there cuz I don't see any. >> There's another blankie over here. So, they must have given them some blankies. >> I love that. That's adorable. >> No matter how you are, >> you always need your blankie. >> Oh, here's some. one right here. >> Yeah, they are. >> This is where the one was sitting the day I was streaming and she must have had a boo boo cuz she kept looking at it and then she pointed it and look up. It was so I was like a little boo boo. >> Hello TLC Disney girl. How are you? I am doing the race in April. I'm super excited. I'm doing the 10K >> with Josh. Josh's first ever. >> That's exciting. >> He's never even done. I told him he needs to cuz he's never even done a 5K. I'm like Josh. >> I said it's not just like walking in the park. Like you >> the balloon ladies will get you. >> Yeah. You can't you can't just be lazy. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Right. Agreed. And he's older than me. >> We love you, Josh. >> We just want you. >> Exactly. We want you to be okay. >> We're not young chickens. >> I know. They're so cute, aren't they? >> I'm trying trying to figure out which which one is the baby. >> Young chicken. >> Young chicken. Spring chicken. >> Spring chicken. >> I just changed it. >> The day is your oyster. >> The day is your oyster. Guys, >> what are we talking about? >> Well, because we were referencing the newies last night. Oh, sees the day. They ended with the newsies last night and it was amazing. >> I love the newsies. >> Oh, look, some more blankies. They uh it's like the race. They just shut them off. >> Hello everybody. Thanks for joining us on this Animal Kingdom day. We've seen so many animals out and about. That's why I love coming here when it's cooler because the animals are more active. I mean, we're more active when it's cooler, too. I mean, >> who am I kidding? >> I am 20. No, I'm 27. I was 26. It's true. >> I'm 27 now. >> And then every year after that, >> Tim says, "Hey, I'm Josh's age." Actually, I'm a tick older. This is true, Tim. So, you're the oldest brother and then it's Josh and then it's me. >> So, sorry. Let's go. >> You're right. Dinosaur closes this week. I cannot believe that. >> When is Sunday? That's what I thought. >> So, we should go walk over there. It doesn't stream very well, so we're not going to take you guys on it. Um Josh's signal does better than mine, >> but we we have streamed it before. It's very hard to stream and vlog because it's so dark in there. >> It would be hard to probably watch it on stream. >> Yeah. And and it's also bumpy and >> like you're probably not gonna be able to see. >> You don't see much. You hear it more than you see it. >> Um you'd have to have a really good low light camera, which Josh does, but it's huge and it's not steady. So, I don't know. >> When does he leave for New York? He leaves Friday, I think. Or Yeah, he'll be gone over the weekend. >> Just weekend, right? >> Yeah, just a little weekend getaway. >> Next month, I'm celebrating the 20th anniversary of my 21st birthday. I love that. That's amazing. >> Excellent. >> That's a good way to put it. >> Oh, Josh and Liam filmed a vlog on Dinosaur. Okay, great. Perfect. Well, there we go. So, if you guys want to see Dinosaur, you can check out their vlog. My dad said he turned 39 this year. He is now se 7 79. I love that. >> That's right, Rob. I'm telling you that dinosaur will be extinct. This is true. So sad. We should go see if the merch is back in the shop. You know, they had dinosaur t-shirts and hats and stuff. >> Yeah. >> Let's go see. >> Oh, in that shop. >> Yeah, I got one for Josh. I remember uh what the last time you and I were here. I don't remember. several week, you know, months ago. Probably it's before Christmas. >> I've seen videos on TikTok about it. It keeps getting smaller and smaller. >> Oh, the shop does. Oh, sad. Okay. Well, let's go see. >> Let's go check it out. >> We'll do a little walk around. Um, actually, let's go. Yeah, we'll head to the left and we'll go see the tigers u before that closes and then we'll head over to the dinosaur area. Hopefully they haven't put the baby tiger away yet, but they might have by now. >> We'll see. >> Maybe that's not so big. >> I know. You can barely tell him apart from his mom now. He is a big boy compared to Kora. It's funny cuz he's younger than Kora, but obviously elephants are a lot bigger than tigers. Their lifespans are much different. >> Oh, that makes sense. So, which ones live longer? >> Elephants, I figured live 60. >> Okay. >> 60 something years. >> Okay. Tigers live >> are usually in the 20s. >> Oh, wow. That is a big difference. Okay. >> And that's like old. >> That's old. Okay. >> Which is not funny, but cuz dogs live a lot less than cats. >> Mhm. >> Like domesticated. Tim says, "Let's go get that merch." That's right, Kim. >> You really do fit in with the girls, Tim. >> He does. He does. He likes to shop. >> Oh, yeah. And then they're going to be switching this restaurant over here, I think, probably cuz Restaurantosaurus is going away. And then they're going to have like burgers and chicken nuggets and stuff. So, >> not yet. >> Not yet. Well, I don't think so. Oh, there's Molly. >> Well, there's probably a preview on online. >> Yes. I think they were just telling you what was going to be on the menu. >> The menu look good. >> It did. Yeah, I agree. >> Well, thank you for almost or not 11. How about just 1,000? I mean, 11,000 would be amazing, but let's go with 1,000. Thanks, guys, for joining. Definitely bop the like. Also, go check out um let's see, we did mickeyras.com if you want to book your trip to Walt Disney World. Travels.com will help you book it. Also, go check out resorttv1homes.com. Brokered by EXP Realy. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Resorttv1homes.com. Even if you're not ready to move yet, you can go over there and get the process started. And you too can come after work to Animal Kingdom and enjoy. So, when I first moved here, it was so weird. I'm like, "Okay, I'm off work now. Let's go to Disney. >> What a wonderful thing to be able to say. >> I know. And that it's it was so surreal, too. >> Dinner in Epcot. >> Yeah. And that's normally where we'll go cuz it's the easiest. Like it's hard to get into Magic cuz the parking lot's so far away. >> He prefers Epcot. Anyways, >> he does. Yes. D likes Dio likes Epcot >> or Hollywood. He does like Hollywood. >> Do you guys have a favorite restaurant? Like sit down restaurant in Epcot? >> Um favorite sitdown? Let's see. I think we don't do a lot of the sit downs. We do a lot of the quick service, but um >> yeah. No, not really. I mean, I love um I haven't been there in forever, but the Canada one is always good if you like Yeah, if you like that, too. >> Steak. Um I enjoy the Germany. Um >> yeah, the buffet. It's good. >> It's And it's fun cuz they have a show with it, too. >> Um they're all really good. The only place I've never eaten is the um the one in Morocco. I have not been there, so that's on my list. >> Spice Road. >> Yeah, I haven't been there yet. But I like the one where the in Mexico where the boat goes by, too. A lot of people hate on that one, but I like it. Yeah. And it has a great atmosphere. >> Your favorite is uh France and Epcot. Yes, I love France, too. Great view, great food. >> Two there, aren't there? >> There is a fancy fancy Yep. They have a dress code. >> And then chefs to France is more of your normal. Oh, here you go. Wow, that's cool. Oh, that's awesome, John. Yeah, it is hard not to want to go every day. That's for sure. That's awesome, Lori. >> Let's go see if uh Baxo is out and his mama. One day we were here uh Sharon and I on the stream and they were getting ready to bring um the mom and baby in. So, they brought the mom and baby in and then there's I guess an underground tunnel. We saw him opening it to let the dad come over and then he got to hang out where the mom and baby were. And he was sniffing everywhere. Like a little doggy. It was cute. >> Oh, that's awesome, Scarlet. Yeah, >> they're super nice. >> Hi, Edwin. How are you? That smells delicious. something over there. >> Um, I don't know what the temp is right now, but I think the high was um in the 50s. Let's look. >> Let's see. 500 likes. >> I loved it. >> I appreciate that. I was trying to say incognito recognize me. >> You all jump on the river rapids. >> No, >> after you first >> I've done it. I don't even tell you the last time I was on that ride. >> I've done it, but not today. >> For a reason. >> Okay. Oh my word, that was funny. >> Quite as fast. >> Oh my word. So, it is 62. It got warmer than they thought it was going to get today. So, >> be really comfortable. >> It is comfortable. >> Perfect. I packed a couple sports. Couple better. >> I know. It's so hard to put on like >> I know. >> Like when we have our lunch, it's hard to put on a cute outfit when it's like 30°. I brought a dress and I didn't bring about it. >> I was going to ask. Okay, we'll have to figure this out after the stream what we're all going to wear. >> And dad says, "Hi, everybody." >> Hi, Dad. >> I have all the friends today. Dad, >> hope you and mom are having a good day. >> It might rain on Saturday. Did I see in the >> It was going to be like early though, right? I hope. We'll see. You never know. >> Fun fact, my cousin used to work back here. >> Your cousin? >> Oh, wow. >> He did the college program and here at Animal Kingdom. Yeah. >> Thank you. Hi, Anthony. I'm well. How are you? >> This would be a great place to do a college program. Animal Kingdom. >> My brother did the college program here, too. And he met his wife. >> Oh, >> they both Animal Kingdom. >> Yeah, they they both worked at the Lion King show before they moved it to the new theater. It was in like the old wherever. Camp Mini Mickey. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. The old >> That's where they met. >> Be able to see anything right now. >> Makes sense. Makes sense. >> Reptile. >> Oh, we're not going to a ride. We did the safari earlier, so you can go back and check that out. We're going to see the tiger trail, so all the animals we can find. Definitely. Well, we hope the tigers are out. We'll see. They might be too cold, too. I don't know. I hope you get snow this weekend, Tim. That's not nice. >> We left the snow at home. >> That's right. That's right, Tim. >> Cold. We didn't bring snow. >> No. No. No. >> That was part of the agreement. That was the only way we could escape. >> Uh-huh. Exactly. No snow allowed. That's a bad word here in Florida. Oh, good, Dad. That's awesome. Oh, he Oh, got you. He cleaned up. Yes. After the hurricane, he cleaned up Animal Kingdom Park. a giraffic jam. >> Hey, Mickey. Mom Jen, no worries. Thanks for stopping in. All right, let's just go through. I don't know what's over there, but it's a little bit busy. I can't see the box. Here we go. It's going to lag a bit. Thank you. Thank you. >> Yeah. There's Alfred. Do you hear him? >> Oh, >> that's the Wahoo Bird. >> The Woohoo Bird. >> Yeah, it's the Wahoo Bird. >> That's right. He did get to meet Michael Eisner. Yeah. After they cleaned up the park. I bet it has temp. I bet must be out cuz >> I don't see it, but there's a lot of people here. >> Oh, right there. >> Oh, yeah. >> It might be the dad. So, >> it's hard to tell. Yeah. >> When mom and dad and I were here a couple weeks ago, we heard him growl. It was so cool. I think that might be the dad, but I'm not sure. >> He's very big. >> Yeah, >> he looks bigger than >> He does. He looks bigger than the mom. I agree. >> And the way he's like roaming around almost looks more like the >> Do you hear the the woohoo birds still going? Woo! Woo! >> This is a better view. >> There you go. >> Oh my word. Here he comes. >> Oh my goodness. Okay, we came down at right the just >> right the just moment. >> No, you can't pet them. They said bigger over there. >> All right. I think he he kept on going. >> I think he went over that way. >> That way. >> He's like getting away from these people. >> I know. They're all staring at me. >> You've only heard the lion roar on the safari. Yeah, that's pretty cool when they do that on the safari. If you go back and watch my old stream from, I think two weeks ago when I was here with mom and dad, we got to hear them. Um, >> making some noises. It was really fun. >> Did you see jungle? >> All right. Well, he did say it's the dad, so we were right. Got chillier, didn't it? >> Yeah, it is the shade. You're right. >> There were birds here. >> I don't see anything out over there today. Usually the dad hangs out over here during the day. >> Yes, he's a beauty. Exactly. >> But he is not here right now. So, >> but yeah, Sharon and I were here that day whenever he came under the tunnel and up >> for the first time. That was pretty cool. >> Interesting how they switched sides >> and they were on the walkie-talkies like, "Okay, >> he's in the tunnel." Oh, hello. >> Are unique looking. >> They are. >> They're different coloring. >> Oh, that's cool. MDF. I didn't know that. The MGM lion roar is actually a tiger roar. >> Really? >> Yeah. >> Fun fact, he says. >> That is interesting. >> Yeah. >> Oh, there's a tall bird back there. >> And then that's a sandall. >> Is that a sand hill crane? >> Looks like a sand. >> Excuse me. Oh, yeah. And there's one of those cow guys. >> Cow guys. >> Official name. Just kidding. >> Yeah, that's the same thing. >> Is it? Okay. >> So, they're are they they just fly in like those are native to Florida. >> Mhm. And then they'll migrate. They will Oh, I see them in Michigan. >> Wow. Okay. >> So, it's a big deal when you're like in the Midwest during like the migration. >> Like people go out and drive to see them. >> Okay. Cool. >> They're down here for the summer. >> Oh, yeah. >> You love all the Disney tucks. A thank you Mickey mom Jen. A I'm so sorry. Oh my goodness. >> Yes, definitely got to keep sharing them, talking about them. We will never forget them. In fact, I'm going to get a tattoo of her paw print sometime. I just got to figure out a place and uh what exactly I want. So, we'll figure it out for sure. But thank you for watching that video. If you guys missed it, it's over on Adventures of Jenn and Dale. >> And um yeah, you'll get to see all the baby pictures of Chloe throughout her life on up. So, thank you. >> It was fun. >> New winery video is really good. >> Oh, thank you. Yeah. Um I guess we're going to we're going to chant it cuz I hear I hear the wahoo bird. >> Okay. >> We can meet you on the other side. Rachel if you want. >> And yes, um so Sharon was talking about the um so definitely go check if you guys missed it. Dale worked really hard on it. He edited really well. So go check that out. >> Oh, thank you, Kelsey. I appreciate that. Okay. >> Oh, I would love that. Mickey mom. Yeah, for sure. >> I will try to show you the woohoo bird. Dad, I hear him. >> Hi, friend. How are you? >> I think I got it. >> All right, let's go see if we can find him. >> I got it. Mommy. >> Yep, you got it. Um, so yeah, go to Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Go over there, hit the subscribe button, and go check out some of the videos we have. >> We have more coming. I have Dale's um birthday vlog to edit, so stay tuned for that. My goodness. Lots of birds back there. >> Sorry. Sorry guys, it lags in here really bad. Here he is. This is a woo bird right here. It's dad's bird. The woohoo bird. That's what his real name is. Woohoo bird for short. >> That is awesome. >> I thought that's what you were saying. >> Oh, sweetie. >> Hi, friend. Beautiful. Yeah, he's beautiful. >> Oh my goodness. I'm going to guess he's the male. >> I'm going to guess. Yeah. Calling for a snake. >> Mhm. He's like, "Look how pretty I am." >> I know. >> Handsome boy. >> That is amazing. >> I think his name is Malaysia. He's from Southeast Asia. >> Bye, friend. >> All right. There you go, Dad. There's your woohoo bird. Thanks. >> Oh, woo. Woo. All right, Britney, no worries. Have a good rest of your day. Hi, Bryce. That is better woohoo than I can do. Dad says you you missed Alfred. Yeah, he was right in the path and he went woo woo right in front of us. It was cute. >> We told him dad was watching. >> Yes. Yes. And dad says he does a better woohoo than he does. >> Let me show you how. >> Uhhuh. Hi, Shadow Dragon. >> No, let me show you. Yeah, exactly. And is that why dad woohoos? Yeah. To show how pretty he is, Tim said. >> I mean, I don't know, Tim. I I think he just does, you know, his excitement. He just can't control it and he just says, "Woohoo." >> Fall in love with him. >> That could be fell in love with his woohoos. That's funny. Hello, John. Welcome back. There are actually people riding Cali River Rapids. >> Yeah. No, thank you. I'm good. >> If I rode that, I'd have to bring a whole change of clothes. >> Tons of phone call. >> I know that cast member, he's like, I'll ride it with you. And then he's like, oh, just kidding. I have a phone call. It was funny. >> Um, it's 43% right now, so I think it will. Thank you, Amara. I think so. >> All right. Well, let's make our way around to Dinosaur, go see what we can see, what's left of it. We'll go in the shop, and enjoy some more Animal Kingdom. Uh, also check out David's Vacation Club rentals, dvcre request.com/tv. If you guys are wanting to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, again, go check them out at dvcrequest.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from Davis. >> Yeah, let's do a rapid fire bop. We have um almost a thousand in the chat. >> Are they over there? Mhm. The fe You see the female. She's >> Oh, yeah. Oh, she's so cute. >> So cute. >> We'll do a rapid fire bop here in a second, guys. Here she is. So, is the female the lighter color and then the darker color are the males? Oh, fun. I didn't know that. >> Once they get once they become adults, then they usually lighter color, too. >> Okay. >> Then they turn >> There she goes. Once a female has found her mate, she'll turn back to ground. >> Oh, really? Oh, that's so cute. >> At least certain species are given. >> Okay. >> Hi, Glattus. >> Like a little wedding right here. >> I'm married. Yeah. >> Taken. That's cute. >> I just don't know where they're >> probably trying to stay warm. >> Yeah, that's fun. All right. So, I think we're going to go all the way around and go to Dinosaur and see what it looks like because, you know, it closes soon. >> Go to the shop. >> Shopping. >> Shopping. >> Shopping. >> So, all right, let's do that rapid fire bop on the like button. All right, guys. Are you ready? All you have to do is close out of the chat, find the thumbs up button, and bop it. But you can only bop it once because if you bop it twice, it takes it away. All right, you guys ready? Are you set? >> The like button and subscribe if you're new. >> Oh my goodness. Shadow Dragon, that's a lot of snow and ice. Elsa came to see you. A better view of her. So cute. >> She's just a chilling. >> Sometimes they're really loud when we come in the morning. Usually in the morning they're louder. >> Just a territorial like call >> home. And then also like I'm our our group's here. Where's your group? >> Okay. Okay. back >> just talking talking to each other >> different reasons. Yeah, >> that's fun. >> Especially in the morning. >> Yep. They're wider awake and >> they're just like I'm out. I'm here. Morning everyone. This is where this is where I am. This is my home. This is my home. Exactly. >> I mean, I do that too, you know. >> Exactly. Gibbons and Jenna. >> Exactly. >> Oh, there's the mail. >> Oh, yep. He just popped out. Oh, yeah. >> Oh my gosh. Here's the male. >> He's like, "Sure, I'll hang out for a bit." >> A He's so cute. >> I know. That is weird, right? >> Maybe. Unless they're over there somewhere. >> You hit the like button. Thank you so much. We have um 600 likes now. >> Oh, yeah. There's going to be a new magnet February 5th. All right. >> He's kind of sitting right there. >> I don't see him. >> Make our way around. >> Will you guys still be here when the magnet comes out? I don't know. >> It comes out the day after. >> Darn it. >> Darn it. >> Zootopia. >> Yeah. Have you been to the new show yet? >> I haven't even seen it yet. >> The better. Yeah, I haven't seen it cuz I don't the stream, you know, doesn't >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Very copyrighted. Um >> but and usually the only time I'm here is when I'm streaming. So, >> got to come see it sometime. >> Yeah. No, it's it's definitely it's less like scary. >> Better for the kiddos. >> I appreciated the message of the other one. >> Yeah. >> From like a >> Yeah. >> ecology standpoint, >> right? Don't hurt the bugs. >> They're very important. >> They are very important. Don't want them in my house. >> If you have littles, it was harder to >> Oh, yeah. >> convince them, >> especially with the spiders and then the >> Yeah. >> the hornets. And >> the message was really important. How the message was Yes. >> was really rough, which is why it wasn't. >> Yeah. >> When my brother did the college program, he did Lion King and then Bug Light. So, we switched back and forth. He liked the Lion King show better, but they switched him to that every once in a while. Everybody's wanting ice cream today. >> I have not seen Zootopia 2 yet. Have you seen the movie yet? Yeah. Was it good? >> It is funny. >> Okay. >> And if you're an animal person that knows just animal facts or biology and how like there's a lot of nods to that that animal people laugh. >> Okay. So, I was cracking up in the movie more than other people in the theater because I was like, "Oh my gosh, it's a lizard that's named Jesus." >> But this type of lizard is known as a a Jesus Christ lizard because it runs away and walks on water. >> Oh, okay. I've seen all of these little They just take it off. >> That's a lot of different >> Oh, I love that. That's cool. >> Yeah, I got to see it. I guess I'm just going to wait till it comes out on Disney Plus now. Yep. >> Oh, there's a little line for Everest today, even though it says 20, >> huh? It looks a little crowd. >> Drop you off. >> A little more crowded than that. >> Crowded her. >> You saw it twice. That's awesome. We are two weeks away from our trip. Oh, I hope I want to turn the heat on for you. Believe me. >> Believe me, I really do. >> Friday, it's supposed to be a high of 70. >> But then Saturday and Sunday, we're in for it. >> We are in for it. >> That's when you get your hand warmers out and your winter coat and >> Yes. That's when our our winter garments come in handy, you know, a couple times a year. >> So, I I saw another sweatshirt I wanted and I'm like, "No, this is silly. You don't need that many." But this is when we need them. >> Here you go. >> So, finally. >> Yeah. Use them all. >> Oh, that feels good. I just need a chair right here. >> Amazing. Lay out >> in the sun. of the expansion. So, >> I'm good. I'm ready. >> So, don't forget guys, at 4:30 we're premiering my vlog from the Disney Character Warehouse store. I went yesterday and they had quite a few things, lots of Christmas things, they had ears, they had a couple um babble bar earrings, bunch of things. So, lounge flies. >> It was a good day at the outlet, so you don't want to miss it. >> Oh, really? >> Hello, Disney Magic. How are you? I am definitely using them, Sean. Yep. I have some in my backpack tonight just in case. >> And let me tell you, we used them at the princess race last year. That was cold. >> I think that was the coldest weekend last year. And we were out in it at like 3:30 in the morning, which is the coldest part of the morning. >> And then you add running into it and it's the wind hitting you. Oh, it was painful. We even put the hand warmers on our ears. >> Uh yeah, we are definitely getting the Indiana Jones ride. They already um announced it, so we're we're going to be getting that here at Animal Kingdom. We're not sure if it's going to be exactly the same as the one in Disneyland or a little bit different, but we'll see. >> Izzy says, "I'm coming from Michigan this weekend. I'm hoping that all of the locals hibernate. Oh, no. You're okay, >> little kid. >> You're hoping that we hibernate this weekend so that the parks are quiet. That's funny. Most of the locals will hibernate. I will tell you this. If I didn't have friends in town, I would probably be hibernating. But I'm going to come out. No, don't be sorry. It'll be fine. We'll We'll just dress warm. >> It'll be fine. >> The vlog is at 4:30 p.m. Eastern time. When we walked in, like why is the crane here? >> This This is why. >> So, we've got all the walls. Yep. >> Lots of walls. >> So, restaurantosaurus. Does it close right when the ride closes? Does anybody know? >> Oh, is it already closed? Okay. Darn it. >> Sad. Sad. Here's the crane. to my left. >> I don't know of any new snacks at Animal Kingdom that I can think of. Um, that is a great question though. >> Hi, Mercedes. >> Oh, yeah. >> This is a long road of of roads. Road of roads of walls. DCA has walls, too. I bet >> a ninja said the ride track will be the same but a different story. Okay. And who is this ninja we speak of? >> Oh, the churros at Nomad Lounge. You cannot go wrong. You guys have had those, right? I figured you had. >> They're good. Oh, good. >> Oh, Donald. >> Donald's out. >> All right, let's go to Dinosaur. We'll check that out and then we'll go. It looks like restaurantosaurus might be open. There's somebody going back there. >> We'll see. >> Yeah. Dina, >> I don't know of an estimate >> of when Animal Kingdom will all be done. That's a great question. I'm sure they probably have an estimated time. I just can't think of it right now. >> My favorite restaurant for breakfast. You like Bulma and Animal at Animal Kingdom? >> Tusker House. Yes. And if you hit it in between, you get both like we did. That was awesome. That's really good. I do like Ohana's and I love Bulas. So good. Pricey, but good. >> Yeah. Welcome in. No, not a surprise stream. I go live on a lot of Wednesdays. That's why you got to have those notification bells on. >> I I go different times on Wednesdays. Sometimes I do morning, sometimes afternoon. So again, have those notification bells on. All right, guys. Let's take it all in. We're not going to see this much longer. >> It's It is busy back here. And I know why. Cuz it's closing soon. Wow. >> Okay. >> Hi, Keith. >> Everybody getting their pictures. Oh, that is so cute. >> Oh my goodness. >> All right, let's go to the shop. >> I know. I love that. >> Adorable. >> You look awesome. >> Hot when we get up. >> Yes. Pricey, but worth it. I agree. I'm sad the shops um the big shop over here is closed already. I always love that shop. Okay. Oh, the dino shirt is gone that I bought Josh. I assume so. But >> Oh, they do have the hat. Everybody's trying the hat on. Oh, >> now I'm hot. >> Yep. It's funny. >> The dinosaur ride vehicle. That's pretty cool. >> $30. They have the hat. >> I feel like dad needs this. Dad, do you need this hat? $32.99. >> They are all out of the shirt. >> These are my favorite. Reach for the stars. His poor little hands got a big head and little arms. I love that from Meet the Robinsons. >> These from the dinosaur ride. Oh, they are. Look, guys. >> That's cool. those dinos back there. >> I was hoping they would have like a pin or something, but I'm sure it's sold out. >> Hello. Good. How are you? >> Get your rubber dinosaur over there. A rubber dinosaur. or this guy. >> All right. Well, like we said earlier, Josh is going to have a vlog here with Liam, so don't miss that. So, you guys will get to see the ride. All right. There you go. fun to see before it goes away. >> Even the picture area is cool. You want the hand puppet, Tim? I know. I kind of do, too. I'm not going to lie. Okay, there you go, John. That sounds good. >> Oh, my mom. >> Yeah. I got hot. >> Can you hold the stream? Yeah. >> Thank you. >> Usually I can do it, but this bag is so big. >> Thank you. >> You get pretty good at, you know, doing things one-handed. >> I probably will, Kenneth. Yeah. >> All right. >> Thank you. >> Long line. Can smell the hamburgers from restauranttosaurus. >> Hello Manoa J. How are you today? Welcome in. Let's see what what sponsor do we have next? We have um Dreamtable. dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to try to get a really hard to get reservation here at Walt Disney World, go check out dreamtable.co. Go over there, fill out the not the information form. go over there and download the app. There you go. Download the app or um get it on the app store and also then you can put your information in with um you know what restaurant you want, how many people, the day and the time and then uh Dream Table will notify you whenever that um reservation becomes available. So, they won't make the reservation for you, but they will uh let you know so that you can go into the app and make the reservation. So, again, dreamtable.co, guys. Go check it out either on the app store or online >> Donaldosaurus. >> So sad. >> I always like sitting in the in the trailer. It's always fun to sit in. I wonder how late this is open tonight. >> You would think, right? Till 6. >> Yeah, we might have to go. We'll see. All right. Looks like we have to go this way. So, used to be able to go that way, but not anymore. Actually, I'm going to take the stream in and show them cuz, you know, it's going away. Why not? >> Yeah. You guys want to see the restaurant? Okay, let's see. They have the, you know, you know, the typical burger, chicken nugget. They do have a Cobb salad here, or they used to. That was good. So fun. Oh, they don't have it anymore. Now it's a grilled chicken and fresh berry salad. Okay, that sounds good, too. Always loved coming here when we were kids. They did have a topping bar back in the day. Not anymore, unfortunately. But what a fun restaurant. Going to miss it. >> Got all the seating and stuff back here as well. I grew up there. >> I know, Tim. That is sad. I was just thinking about that. I think that's the last time I ate here was when we came a while ago. Oh, I know. The AC in here is always great when it's hot. Just a great little spot for sure. >> The all you can eat pickles. Yes. >> All right. Here we go. >> Let's go check out the shops now. Up front. We've got some shopping to do. I'm sure they've got some new things. >> And Donald's so cute. All the waits for the characters were pretty long today. All this closes soon. >> Another sponsor that we have is Behind the Ride. Behind the Ride by Dave Mower or um Disney Demystified by David Mum Power. Can get either one on Amazon. Um, you can get the ebook, the hardcover copy or the audio book for Disney demystified again. Bye, David Mom Power on Amazon. Go check them out. >> Um, we're 29%. Thank you so much, Tim. >> Doing good so far. >> Yes, it is. I love that. >> I'm excited to see what they do with this. >> It'll be really fun when it's all finished. And we're getting what? Two more rides besides Indiana Jones cuz there's the carousel then the casita ride and Indiana Jones. So yeah, these three. >> So yeah, three. So we have dinosaur um which is switching to Indiana Jones. So we're going to get and then the carousel we had before. So I guess one more ride for Animal Kingdom, you know, on top of the rides we already have. So that's pretty cool. I mean, >> they're new. They're all new, but one extra ride, I guess, is what I'm trying to say. >> Three at least three in this. >> Nice. That'll be good. >> Animal Kingdom always needs more rides. That way, not all of the rides are like a million minutes. >> Pandora gets a little break. >> Yeah, a little break. Exactly. That'll be nice when this opens. Then we can go ride Flight of Passage. Maybe >> without a really long wait. Curious what it is now. >> Sometimes towards the end of the night, it's not that bad or the end of the night here at Well, it closes at 6:00 tonight. All right, let's see. Oh, yeah. It's not bad. Flight of Passage is 45. 35 for River. Na'vi River. >> Do you watch triggers at all? >> Not bad. >> What's 45? Oh, dinosaur. Dinosaur is the same as Flight of Paths. When do you see that? >> That is hilarious. >> That is hilarious. Sunday is going to be even worse. It's going to be like Muppets 3D when the line was like, "Yep, hours long." No, he's >> Thanks, Amara. Yeah, 45 minutes. >> Crazy. Crazy. >> They've got some dino merch over here. >> Pins and things. >> Oh, this is closed now, too. Trilobytes. And that whole entryway is gone. And I miss that dinosaur when you go underneath. Super weird. >> The river rapids is only 5 minutes. I'm good. I'm good. >> This is going to go away, too. Thank you for visiting Dina Land USA. We're in the season. >> That's true. There were three rides. Yeah. Well, they took out Primeval Whirl a long time ago, but yes, you're you're right. >> All right. >> Oh, Kevin's out. >> Love Kevin. >> Are we on Guardians of the Galaxy? >> I know. World. >> Yeah. Hopefully this won't copyright us. I'm going to do a quick mute. >> So cute. >> Bye Kevin. Never right. So glad we almost so sad inflated. Everybody wants >> Look at Kevin. >> So cute. >> You can buy your very own cabin right here. >> $34.99. >> It is a fun version, isn't it? >> Wishable. They're going to quick up. >> Oh, they got more over there. Don't worry. >> All right, just a tip. Animal Kingdom always has the best pins for trading. Their boards are always full, which I love. But that nothing that icy, but they have a lot. >> Got Joy here. I know. He's so cute, isn't he? one. >> All right, guys. Um, I am going to switch to Wi-Fi because it does lag in here sometimes. So, there's going to be an intentional lag coming up. So, bear with me for just a second when we switch over to intentional lag. Hello, Shannon. Hope your day is going well. Give me one second, guys. Be right back. I love these ears. >> All right, guys. Are we back? >> I think we're back. >> There's your 626. >> I know. So, I tried that on. I actually bought it. I had to return it. It was just way too big. >> And I know I'm going to wear it or I'd want to wear it on 626 day and the sleeves like came down to here. So, it'll be way too hot. It'll be a million degrees on 66 day. >> It's so cute though. >> Hey, we're back. Awesome. Thanks, guys. I like that sweatshirt. I don't think I've seen that one before. >> We're back in action. Thanks for,00 people here. Appreciate you guys watching joining us. All the yummies. Watermelon lollipop. Sounds good. >> Okay. I know. I was sad it didn't work cuz it is a really cute shirt. >> Man, the shops are packed right now. Look at the Monsters Inc. ones. These are new fun. Oh, these are new, too. A for sure, Shannon. >> Yep. >> We're going to be premiering a video here shortly, so don't go anywhere. This is new. Okay, so we saw this the other day at um Epcot. No, where were we? Magic, I'm sorry. But this one is fairly new. >> How much is this? So, it doesn't have a straw. I would say maybe $44.99 >> or $34.99. I'm not sure. >> All right, we'll wait. >> But I do like that. I love this whole line. >> Thank you, Virginia. >> This one's new. That cute. >> Okay. We saw I saw this on Monday, but I didn't see that one. >> A cute t-shirt. >> So cute. >> Okay. >> See, I wasn't sure if you took the straw out. Does it become like >> Oh, I see what you're using. >> Oh, could you do it for hot drinks? You mean? Oh, it does. It says sip for hot or cold. >> You can pull it back. >> It actually says on this sign. >> I think I like that. You know what I mean? Like you can pull it back. >> That's really cool. Hot straw for cold. >> More versatile. >> It does. No, you're right. >> Two in one. I love how you think. >> If you ever see these porkles on sale, >> these pork sickles. Okay. I know. They're always so expensive. They're nice. >> I mean, 50 bucks. >> Actually, um there was a corksicle at the outlet. I don't remember. Well, you can watch my vlog. It's coming out soon. >> 4:30. Oh, good. Everybody watch. >> So, you'll get to see which cars it is. >> Oh my word. Mrs. Pots. >> Yeah. >> They have a lot of Christmas a lot of things. Guys, look. Mrs. Pots always been out. I don't know if I've ever seen her. I've always seen Chip, but I don't remember her. Tim says you should buy it for science. I'm waiting for a shirt. If they had a shirt in that print, that would be add to cart immediately. Well, these are fun. Is this corksicle? No. But look, it's got all the characters signatures all over it. >> Baymax, Blue, Winnie the Pooh, Jim Cricket. >> Do we see Stitchy? I see Ariel. >> Isn't this cute? how they have all the >> signatures. I love that. >> I thought about doing this with my white leather ears, >> but I haven't done it yet. >> I like I like that idea. I got mine done >> just cuz I know only like a certain number would fit. >> Yeah, good point. >> I don't know who I would like to have or princess. >> Oh, there are um but you know, you could buy more than one pair. >> This is true. >> And then do both. >> Did you see your sweatshirt again? You love Chip. >> Hi. How are you? Yes. A thank you. That's so sweet. >> Yeah. What's your name? >> Leah. >> Nice to meet you, Leah. >> Oh, you're local. Okay, cool. >> Awesome. Well, I hope you're staying warm. >> Yeah, very cold. At least the sun's out now. >> Yes, it is >> for sure. Cool. Thanks for Yeah. Thanks for watching. Bye. Have a good day. >> I love this one, too. So cute. >> Mickey's missing from the signature. No way. >> I mean, I didn't see him, so I could I could see that. I do like this shirt. And I have no Animal Kingdom shirts, so I might need to buy that. But this is adorable. How stinking cute is that? >> I love that. I like that one, too. Reminds me of the one you got, Tim. But not uh Animal Kingdom. You got Hollywood Studios, I think. >> Oh, that one's cute. Yeah, refresh. Refresh if you're having audio issues. Sorry, guys. Sometimes it happens when I switch to Wi-Fi and things. Ooh, this is cute. Do really like these. >> That's right, Studios. It was Go see what bags they have over here. They have so many cute ones. They have the black ones back in stock. Just the original black ones. Um they have the side bags. I have this one and I love it and use it like all the time. A hopper got it for me. Stay. Don't fall. Here we go. They have the white one which I also love. >> A Jen, no worries. Hello. Hello. Thanks for watching. >> Ah, they have the tiny little bags. Back keychains. This one. We have this one. This one's going quick. >> Did you see they have the tiny little backpacks over here? Oh, they do >> the keychain ones. >> The ones >> the ones where you already know what they look like. >> Looks like the Mickey one's going quick. >> The Mickey and Friends. >> Did Jesse Mouse say that she bought this one or she only did the mystery package? >> Mystery. >> Okay. >> I actually have that one in the new form. >> So, it doesn't have a keychain. You can just put it on your new emo. >> Still cute. What? >> Did you find your sweater? >> No, but it's another one that I >> Oh, gotcha. >> Here's this one we all love. >> This is the one. >> Oh, pretty, isn't it? >> Was talking about. >> It's adorable. >> Love this. >> Tim says, "Tiny bags for tiny money." >> You could fit a credit card. We could fit Tim's credit card in that little backpack. See Tim that's all you need is Timmy's credit card >> that are about to be extinct. >> It is true. >> Tim is on Tim. >> You can join us Tim. It's fine. >> That's >> I think everyone has said something to her about it. >> It does scream Rachel. >> I love it though. It's very today. >> I know. Yeah, that's true. >> Yeah, >> I was going to say that's what I'm afraid of is that >> they don't have the Minnie Mouse bag. Well, okay. Yes, they have the Valentine Minnie Mouse bag, but they have a mini Minnie Mouse bag that's coming out. I found the Mickey one at Magic, but I haven't found the mini one yet. Yeah, cuz these are just too big for me to carry around. But the mini ones are good size. >> They're more like reasonable. >> Yep. >> A reasonable size. >> You could like And they've got the 2026 merch here. >> They have the four park merch. Always a sucker for the four parks. I did buy these ears and I love them. Tim, are you sure? Are you sure, Tim? this back too. So, I'm not buying anymore. >> Sorry, guys. Tim says Tim needs his credit card. >> Sad. Sad. Tim. Sad. >> I know. >> Fine. >> Fine, Tim. Fine. >> We understand. We We still We still like Tim. >> No, you're good, >> I guess. I'm just kidding. >> All right. I'm going to I'm going to walk slowly to the next shop. >> We will walk slowly. You could do that. Your dad says, >> "Oh, that wind is picking up, isn't it? A lot of people are heading out for the day." >> Yeah, >> I did say poor parks. >> Mhm. Yep. There's not as much sun now. Little little areas. >> I do too. >> And this one. >> I noticed today I really have no Animal Kingdom anything. I have a couple Adventure Out there shirts, but I don't really have any >> Animal Kingdom. >> I mean, >> I have >> They're animals Stitch and Pluto. Yeah, me too. I have an UP shirt. Yep. >> Tim says, "I'm going to Arts and Disneyland." Tim definitely needs his credit card. That's right, Tim. I forgot. Forgot. >> Oh, Disneyland. Yes. >> Mhm. You're going to need it for that. That's for sure. >> Squishy. And that is worth. >> It is. It really is. >> I saw something over here when I walked through earlier. Here, an oxalottle. A little keychain. A What's this? Match. No, not match. Hatch. Hatch and grow. contains one oxalottal. Just add water. Oh my goodness, that's so cute. >> Place your egg in a container filled with water. >> It's an oxalottle. >> Well, you can hatch your own. >> It is oxal. >> Did you think they were fake? >> Well, was it from, you know, Zootopia? >> No. Um when I >> that it has a you could learn their water and these are guilts. >> When I taught school, we read a whole book book about them. But also Gatorland, they have some. >> Okay. >> I mean, I feel like this is probably a word in the spelling bee. >> Like, you know, maybe and earlier around in the spelling game. >> They're so stinking cute. Like they look fake, but >> they do look fake. That's why I thought maybe it was from >> No, I got you. I I thought the the um what's the whale with the horn? I always thought those were fake. >> Noral. >> Yeah, I always thought those were fake. No, they're real. >> They are real. >> He's never been in Avengers. >> That's what >> Oh, is Ivory? Oh, wow. Okay. Very cool. We learn things every day. I love the Animal Kingdom merch, too. I love this. They used to have a t-shirt with this. If they had a t-shirt with that again, I would 100% buy it. >> Yeah, Jared. I think she said she had something like it when she was younger. >> Yeah, they sold these. I think my brother had one. >> Not Josh. My other brother. >> We were just looking at that back there. >> Totally had I think my brother had a shirt. That's when that Jiren was saying she remembers when they had this. Yeah. >> A long time ago. >> They had it when we grew up like when we were growing up when animal came first. They brought this like thing back. >> They need this. They need a shirt again. I would buy it. Hands down. I would buy that. >> Got your Zootopia gang over here. birthday. >> Thanks for a thousand people in the chat with us today. Thanks for watching everybody. Really appreciate it. Don't go anywhere yet. >> Got Lounge Flies. They've got Stony Clover. This is adorable, >> but it also has an adorable price tag. have rings. >> There's so there's a tan one too that has Mickey on it. They're so pretty. >> And they also have a pretty price tag, too. >> Kind way. >> Yes. >> Uh-huh. >> A very pretty one. >> You just want to see it and hold it. This is a >> This is a sweatshirt I They do have smalls that I was going to buy and I'm like, I don't need another sweatshirt, >> Jessie. >> Yeah. Look at the back of it. >> We saw this yesterday at Magic. >> It is literally the Is that >> embroidered? Wow. >> So, it's $70 and I get cuz it's embroidered. But I'm like, I don't need to spend $70 >> on another sweatshirt and another, >> right? I live in Florida. I don't need these that much. >> But to be fair, I don't have a zip-up hoodie >> from Disney. >> Yeah. Or I think I have a like one or two, but they're very specific. You know, they work in like one park. This would work >> everywhere. Oh, the one with the >> the stars like with that line. >> Oh, yes. Okay. >> Oh, yeah. >> I love all of those things. >> Tim says, "Until it's 27° outside." That's true. Then I need it. This is true. See? >> Sunday. >> Like Sunday. Exactly. >> I do love this one, too, though. >> And And this you could wear other places. >> It's that one. >> You have this one or this one? Oh, that one's cute, too. I love that. >> Oh, that is nice. >> That is cute. Is it the same price as the other one? >> I do. >> Oh, no. It's more. >> Yeah. >> 89.99. >> I just have everything. >> Do you like the sorcerer Mickey? >> Sorcerer Mickey sweatshirt. >> This is true. >> I love that. That's awesome. >> I do have those. >> You do? Yeah. >> Totally. >> You have the entire collection. Yeah, totally. >> All right, guys. Well, let's um talk about our amazing platinum members of the channel. Um don't go anywhere. We're not leaving yet. Platinum members of the channel. Um they donate every month. $50 and we love to read their names and thank them every single street. I love these rings so much. They're so pretty. >> I do love these rings. >> So, let's see. Let's pull up those platinum numbers here. So we have um we have Bayou Bow, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, William Lily, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jaylen Moxley, Scander, Dani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali, Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our platinum members of the channel. all of our members of the channel, hoppers, boppers, and moppers. We appreciate all you guys. Um, let's see. It looks like there's a crowd down here. Let's go see if the otter are out. That was channel members, but we do um thank our Patreon members as well. I hear um Oh my goodness. Where are they at? >> Right there. Go straight. >> Oh, there they are. Oh, it's hard to see with the sun. >> Oh, there's three of them. They just got in the water, too. >> They going swimming. >> It's hard to see them >> because of the glare. >> Yeah, that glare is so bad right now. >> Where are they? >> Um, there's one across the way. >> Yeah, >> but that glare is horrible. And then there's some in the water, but I can't hardly see them. I'm about to take it off the Wi-Fi. Y'all can't see them because we are >> They're going They're going up there a little bit. >> They are so ready to go inside. >> Okay. >> Well, they're there. They're just hard to see. The sun. >> Yeah. >> The sun is glaring right in there. >> All righty. Shall we walk back to Pandora? >> Sure. >> And then we can wrap it up there and do the premiere vlog back there somewhere. We haven't been back there yet. Yeah, sorry about that. I forgot to take it off Wi-Fi, so it was lagging just a little bit. Thanks for over 700 likes. If you've not bpped that like button, please bop it and leave a comment after the stream. That always helps. Also, um you'll be able to bop and leave a comment on the vlog coming soon, too. >> Yep, exactly, Benjamin. There was too much glare. Reflecty. It was very reflecty. >> They have Tiffens over here. I guess I didn't realize Tiffens was connected to Pizza Farari. Like this whole building is connected. >> Yeah. And then it's connected to Nomad over here. >> Yeah. >> Interesting. >> But you cannot get the churros into >> You're right. I know. >> And it looks like there is absolutely no weight. Yay! I love that. Okay, cool. >> I love that idea. >> Perfect. >> Good job. Good job. It doesn't look busy. >> Oh, it smells so good. I wish we had smell vision for you guys. It smells amazing right now. But yeah, if you've never been to Nomad, it is a lounge. So, you can't make a reservation, but you can put your name on a wait list when you get into the park. So, you go into the app like you're going to make a reservation, but it'll say walk up and you click that and then they'll notify you when it when your table's ready or when you can come back. >> I do have a vlog on that um right on the channel if somebody wants to post the link. Mom and I went a couple years ago. >> Sounds good. Tim, drive safe. You know what? >> So, in about 4 minutes, we're going to be switching you over. A little less than four minutes. Switching you over to the vlog. Hope you guys stay to watch it. Check out what's new at the Disney Character Warehouse >> and I pay 75. So pretty back here. Looks like they redid some of the floor. It looks very bright over here. >> They were repainting it last year. >> Were they repainting it? It looks bright. I don't know why though, cuz it's not open late enough for us to see it. >> Maybe soon. I don't know. >> I wish they would say it was open a little bit later. >> Me, too. This is the best at night. So pretty at night, especially in the summer cuz you know it's hot during the day and then the sun goes down and you want to just stay and enjoy Animal Kingdom. But >> maybe once everything opens back up. >> I hope so. >> Yeah, like the new part. >> Yeah, maybe. >> All right, guys. Well, I think we're going to go ahead and wrap it up here and send you over to that premiier vlog. So, don't miss it. Um, it'll send you right over so you don't have to worry about how to find it. So, um, so yeah, let's selfie. >> Look at the lighting. >> Selfie. I know. Isn't it pretty? >> All right, let's see. >> All right, everybody in. >> I can actually see the camera this time. Here we go. Are we in? >> All right, guys. Uh, thanks for joining us today. It's been an awesome fun stream. Thank you guys for hanging out. >> And, uh, we will see you guys in the premiere vlog in just a couple minutes. So, see you there. All right. So, for now, have a great beautiful tomorrow. >> Bye. Heat. Heat. Oh, no.
