---
video_id: 5I3GK4_qhQ4
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Saturday Afternoon at Magic Kingdom - Rides, Parades, & More - Walt Disney World - 3-28-26"
published: 2026-03-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5I3GK4_qhQ4
---
Anything Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I am live here right now at the Transportation and Ticket Center on my way to the Magic Kingdom for a fun Saturday afternoon at Magic Kingdom. So, welcome in everybody. Thanks for joining me. And uh as you can see, it's a beautiful day. So, I thought we'd take the ferry boat over. And I thought, you know what? We don't usually show the transportation on the streams too much. So why don't we just uh ride the ferry boat together. So once they uh unload all the people off the boat, we will get on. But yeah, it's gorgeous day right now. Can't wait to share it with you guys. It's going to be awesome. Oh yeah. Yeah. Um it looks, you're right, it looks like uh the castle is mostly painted just except for a few in the middle of the front. Yeah. Here. Let's zoom back in on that. That's a very good point. So, you can see here that's about as far as I can zoom in. If you look at the middle, there's a lighter color blue than what the uh than what the ends are. Yeah, that's absolutely right. Super cool. All right, they're unloading and then we will be ready to go. Got a boat sitting over here. Big cast member boat. It's a nicer, newer one. Wonder what they use that for. Fair boat ride. Uh I don't know. We'll time it. I think it's only about 5 minutes, but but well, once it's like actually set sail. Obviously, the longest part of the ferry is, you know, getting the uh getting the all clear and making sure everybody is uh is ready to go and loaded up. But yeah, that's the that's the general idea. So, about 5 minutes once it sails. And of course, we'll be watching Festival of Fantasy here in a little while. Got to find a good spot for that, but we'll ride some rides first. I don't know. I thought about watching it over by the castle. Might be kind of fun since that's where my thumbnail was taken. Yeah, I think we'll do that. We just have to find a spot. We don't The cool thing about the castle is you don't even have to be in the front because uh everything is so tall. You can kind of just see over. So, we'll see. We'll see how we do. But >> either way, it's an awesome day here in Central Florida. >> All right, welcome in everybody. Good afternoon. And later on after the stream, I'm going to be doing a uh I'll be doing a premiere of my Liam and I's Megaon vlog. So, that'll be fun. I have it set for 5:30, but if I decide, you know, if we decide to go till 6:00 on the stream, then we can uh then we can uh change the premiere time. It's totally fine. Let's go upstairs. Views are better. It's a little quieter. I always love going upstairs on these. Better view from up here, too. Yes. Watch your step. Watch your step. Got the Polynesian, the bungalows, and the Grand Fian. Can even follow the Montreals around there. See that Montreal there in the distance? It's fun. From here, you can really see him go around the track. >> Hey, Timothy. Hey, Mercedes. DJ Jason, hello. >> I meant to go live earlier, but I just had a lot to going on at home. So, that's all right. This works out just fine. My main objective was parade today. So, we will definitely be able to accomplish that goal. At least I got about 55 minutes till parade time. All right, let's go over here. Nia, hello. Welcome in. I'll be back home at the Polynesian at the end of September. Can't wait. My favorite resort. Excellent. t-shirt. >> Oh, we got the way I started. Hi Timothy. Hi Alcats. Hey Edwin Noel. >> You were in a parade resort budgeting in ' 89 with a high school band. How fun. >> Ben Hos, I'm glad you're early. The Mets play at 4:10 so I can watch until then. Oh, there you go. >> The Amazing Mets. >> That was back in the 60s, right? They did that at all times. >> Also, we are in 1440p, a little higher quality. So, go ahead and make sure your resolution is set all the way at 1440p for the clearest possible picture. Westlake, Ohio is getting ready. Oh, maybe we'll see them. >> Do you know somebody from there? >> It would be a fun afternoon for me if I just rode the boats and uh went to the resorts and never in a park. Yeah. Yep. I've done that. I've done streams like that. That's a lot of fun to me, too. >> All right. The Amazon Mets in 1969. That's right. When they won their first World Series. Hey Jaylen Moxley, how are you? >> You have two ganglers up. You are clear. >> Two ganglers up there. Sorry. >> Aoy mates and welcome aboard the Joe Fer. We will be arriving at our destination in just a few moments. On our way, we will travel one mile across the man-made seven seas which took almost 3 years to excavate. We do ask that the stairs remain clear while it is. Once again, welcome aboard. >> Jaylen says his best friend, beautiful Haley Noel Leblanc, renewed her Resort TV1 platinum membership today. Well, that's awesome, Jaylen. And thank you to both you and Haley for being platinum members. So cool. >> Thanks for the 1400 reminder. Oh, you mean me seeing that? Me saying that it was 2 o'clock. Sorry, I was I was like, "Wait, what? 1400? What did I say?" >> Oh, no worries. Resort budgeting. Yeah, you can watch the stream anytime. >> Oh, if you guys want to keep track of how long it takes, I I do think it's about 5 minutes. We kind of going slower now because there's still a a boat in the dock. Normally if there was a boat clearing then they could go faster. >> A goofy grandpa. My grandson is down from Connecticut performing with this high school van. Nice. What rides am I feeling today? Um yeah. I don't know. Probably people mover but uh whatever whatever we can get on. Whatever doesn't have too long of a wait. my dad's laughter and astonishment when Mets won at 69, then the Jets next. Yeah, those are two very unlikely champions for sure. But good for them. It's I always like to see the underdogs win. Oh, the 1440p quality. Oh, got it. Got it. Yes. Thanks, Kathleen. Sorry. My brain my brain wasn't had skipped off of that. >> Yes. I hope it looks better at 1440p. the colors of the wind playing. I don't know if you guys can hear it or not, but it's kind of nice. I will say they did a really good job just keeping this kind of wild out here and not, you know, not developing it too much. Just kind of letting it be natural. I mean, obviously that's also easier, but still I appreciate it. 1440 appears more crisp. It's more pixels. >> Hey, you take your tail, John. 70. >> I want it back. 74,000. >> Your mom doesn't let me ever get >> a small one. Yeah. >> August bigger. >> Bigger. >> Oh, that's my ass. Maybe we're bigger. We are now approaching our destination and we'll be docking momentarily. For your safety, please stay where you are until we are safely docked and the captain is given the all clear. >> Because this is a free floating vessel, we do have a tendency to bounce around a bit during docking. If you are standing or sitting on the stairs, we ask that you please clear the stairway. Everyone else, please remain where you are until we've completed our dog. Once again, please clear the stairways. You'll be given an all clear when it is safe to travel the stairs and go a AJ says it's his wife Cat's birthday. Happy birthday, Cat. >> Hey, Evan. >> Surf bomb. Here we go. Coming in. streaming. >> Uh YouTube. >> What's your channel? >> Says Resort TV1. >> What is it? >> Resort TV1 on YouTube. >> Resort. >> Yeah. 214K subscribers. >> Yeah, we've been doing it for a while. >> That's dope. >> Well, I'm glad to be on here live. >> Oh, thanks. What's your name? You said >> Gio. >> Gio. >> Yeah. >> Nice to meet you. Now, they only use these in the morning, I think. These uh upper level gang ways. That's why you heard them say earlier, two gang ways up. Actually, the the second one was never down, but uh they still say that just to make sure Captain knows she can take off. That was a good That's Wendy. That was a good That was a good docking. She did a good job. >> Can't imagine like learning how to do that. That's crazy. >> Children and watch your step as you disembark. >> Those on the upper deck, please go down to the lower deck. >> On behalf of the crew, thank you for sailing. >> Oh, that was nice. I I feel more relaxed already. How about you guys? Just the Montreal is great and the Montreal will always be incredible, but there's something about riding the boat. Sometimes you're just kind of in the mood for it. You guys ever do that? And I know that the that's the one downside and you can still do it, but the one downside to staying at a Disney resort unless you're at a Montreal resort or something that you never actually like you never actually end up like taking the bus or something or taking the Montreal and the and the ferry boat. So, >> okay, I'll get to you in a minute. >> So, anyway, it is one of those things. I will give it to you. I promise. I'm just trying to go to our hotel. >> Next weekend's my favorite boat for second. Yeah, Skylander is always fun, too. No complaints there. Love it. Guess take your time in a lot of different >> You like taking the ferry the Montreal to it and the ferry when leaving that works too. Yeah, fair is kind of chill at night too. I like that. Sometimes I you have to take it cuz it's like they'll close down the Montreal and you kind of have no choice. I know when we used to come down here sometimes I'd miss being able to, you know, because the buses come up right over here. So, I I would miss the uh taking the transportation to the park thing. Although, sometimes you're like just want to get here fast and then sometimes it's kind of nice. So, it's a you know, I guess it's good. You have you have options, right? You can actually still um well, I guess technically if you had a car, you could drive to TTC if you really wanted to because that'd be the only way to do it other than go from Epcot. So, there are options. Anyway, my point was I feel all relaxed after just riding the riding the uh the boat. Not just at Disney either. There's something about riding a boat, just being out on the water and seeing all that space in the water and, you know, the beautiful scenery. It just kind of uh lets you breathe a little. >> Hey, Lesie. Looks >> like my gimbal is starting to till a little bit again. Maybe time for calibrating. I should have done it last night. >> Love you. >> Oh, the love boat. Yes. Little black thing that looks funny. Oh, no. I didn't see the train and hear it. Let's go uh find a spot to go in. So, here's a little Disney 101. Bigger lines. Shorter lines. I always look for the shorter line. I know that sounds obvious, but how many people are going over here? And there's literally no reason to do it because you don't get anything special for going over there. There's a giant group of people that are like, "Well, that's where the people are. That must be where I'm supposed to be." It it's it's kind of insane to me cuz they'll even look over here like, "Eh, this must be better cuz there's more people here." So, yeah, always go to the shorter line. I mean, obviously, you know, on the rides and stuff, if you know, light, there's lightning lane in standby, but but yeah. So, >> all right, there we go. Found my line. Would have been faster, but I got caught up in that family over there. I couldn't get I couldn't get through. >> All right. Hello. >> Awesome. >> Thank you. >> All right. >> We made it. Welcome to Magic Kingdom, everybody. Welcome, welcome, welcome to our special drive-thru open house. >> Wow. Was I quoting Was I quoting the new imagination ride? That's interesting. I don't usually do that. Oh, that looks amazing today, doesn't it? That blue sky is something else. Both Both phones are doing a good job. I'm taking a picture, too, cuz Always good to have thumbnails. You always go on the right side. You know what? I I uh >> pretty much just go I I guess I will tend towards the right, but pretty much just go into whatever side I come in on. Like if I come in and the turn styles on the or not turn styles, but you know what they are. If they come if you come into the touch points on the left, then I'll come in on the left. If I come in on the right, I'll come in on the right. So >> I don't usually c I don't usually cross over. As a cast member say, crossing over is a Haunted Mansion thing. They say that on Jungle Cruise, right? Don't cross over. Crossing over is a haunted mansion thing. Most people view waiting in line as a Disney experience. Yeah. No, I totally get that. But I'm always like, don't wait more than you need to. Of course, yes, you are going to wait in line here. That is 100% true. There is there is not a time when you would come here that you would not wait in at least a line for something. Even if that line is short, even if it's the best day, you know, say you say you lucked out, you won the Disney lottery and you ended up uh say you ended up uh here on the least busy day of the year and a lot of things were walk-on, you're still going to wait in line for something even on the least busy day of the year. So, yes, that is true. >> But you should avoid as many of them as you can. >> Let's get these folks involved. >> All right, everyone. When the Democrats say hey, all of you say what? Let's give it a big try. Hey, >> what >> where does Buzz Lightear like to shop? Where? Bed Bath and Beyond. >> Thank you. I know. Hey, what? >> What did Gaston get at the end of Beauty Beast? >> What? >> No prize. >> Wait a minute. Okay. Hey, what >> where does Eer go to get a new tail? >> Where? >> The retail store. >> All right. Thank you. >> What? >> Why is balloon so light on his feet? >> Why? >> He only carries the pair of necessities. >> Thank you. Do you really like that joke? I think we should stick to >> I think we should stick to singing. >> But we can still get everybody involved in this one. Let's see if they're ready for it. >> Can you all spell M I C K E Y? >> Oh, you're ready. That's all it takes. Let's try something. Who's the leader of the club that's made for you and me? M I Z K Y N O U S E M I C J K E Y N O U S E for sing and join the jambore E Y O U Z I just wanted jazz it up for everybody folks. Put your hands together and sing along with us. 1 2 1 2 3 for you and me. N I C E Y N O U I K I can see I see you here. See you real soon. Hey, who are you? Why? M O. >> Thanks everybody. Have a wonderful day and remember we're Very cool. I actually haven't seen them. Maybe I'm just not here at the right time, but I actually haven't seen them be in the middle of Main Street like that. That was such a cool That was such a cool shot with the castle behind them singing the Mickey Mouse Club song. Like, what? How fun. I love it. Those are the kind of fun things that you don't plan on. You just kind of find. That's kind of how I like to always do the parks. Even though, you know, yeah, I have a little bit of a light plan. But one of the most fun things about a live stream or even a vlog is uh you know the vlog you're just cutting out the you know some of the extraneous stuff but with the live stream you know you see it kind of unfold in real time which is what I like the most about it but you know there's the planned stuff like oh yeah we're going to watch the parade okay cool but there's also the unplanned stuff like that and that's what makes it so much fun. Hey there. Hi there. Hope they as welcome as can be. M I C K E Y. Love it. All right. >> Well, let's see what we can do here. >> So, the parade starts at 3 in Frontier Land, but we're going to watch it from a different spot. Today we're going to try to watch in a little bit different spot. Let me go over here real quick to see. >> This is kind of trying to see if somebody was playing. I guess not. >> Okay. >> Well, let's see. Oh, the friendship fair is on. is like we're going to take it just like real relaxed today. Just kind of like >> not not wait too long ahead of time. >> I don't want to stand around in the sun for too long. I just want to kind of relax. >> Let's do another main street. I love the balloons here. So beautiful to just yet says Tranquil Tuesday, but it's on Saturday. Why not? Why not? Indeed. >> Oh, yeah. You can actually really see >> actually really see the uh the castle colors from here. I wasn't even noticing that till just now. >> That's a fun Sorry, let me get out of the picture. That was a fun fun shot. Oh, the the balloons are moving. >> Yeah, we must have missed the marching band. Maybe >> we'll go do the par. We'll go do the TTA after the parade. >> I don't want to rush. >> Serene Saturday. I love it. Let's go walk around and look at the uh castle updates here. I guess we can see the end of the show, too. So, it's not too warm. It's not too hot today. It's warm. Uh, let's see. What is it right now? >> 85. So, yeah, it's warm enough for sure. I got my hat on, so resort TV you want to add on. >> So that uh that helps. I also have my uh Disney Destiny shirt on. I haven't worn that for a while, so that's kind of fun. There we go. All right, let's flip it back around. >> I had to take my sunglasses off so I can see the chat. Magic feels like the magic feels like Thanks to all of you, old friends and you for celebrating with us today. See y'all real soon. We invite you to enjoy the rest of your magical friendship fair day here at the Magic Kingdom. >> There you get a better look at the uh painting progress. So, you've got the middle towers are the only ones that are not painted. Everything else is dark blue. It does look like they're probably going to add uh to the top a little darker gray cuz that does look kind of like a primer still. So, I think they'll do the turrets probably. I'm just guessing. And then they'll probably paint the rest of it. >> Enjoy the beautiful day. It's 37. Somebody else said it was 40 where they were. Wow. Hey, classy Disney mom. Bryce is going to graduate in May. Nice. Nice. Mansion lover said thought it was 40. Only 40s in New York. Yeah. >> Yep. We're We were ahead of the game when it comes to getting warm for sure. >> Anyway, you get a better look at it there. >> Super high quality. >> See, I think everything else is done. Like there's nothing else really to do other than just those turrets. And then the top of the tower a little gray. Really appreciate your streams. I will never get back to Disney, but because you're a stream, I'm there. Oh, Cindy, I'm so glad that we can bring you here if you can't come yourself. I'm glad that you're able to come with us. 38 My part of Massachusetts. Wow. >> It's a good view there. Yeah, castle's looking great. It sure is. >> I think I'm already I'm almost used to the gray again because I now when I see pictures of it pink, it kind of like, you know, from, you know, just even earlier this year, it kind of throws me off. I read they started painting the rocks, too. Oh, cool. >> Yeah, I figure they'll probably paint everything that they can while it's obviously while the uh >> while the moat is drained, it's easier to just get it done now >> than to drain the moat again right now. Oh, you'll know the season's changing when you get your quarterly season change head cold. Nice. >> Well, I'm not ready for this type of this type of cold >> or cold. This type of warm. I said cold. >> This type of heat. I have to get used to it again. So funny. Everybody's talking about how cold it is. I'm like, "Oh, it's kind of warm." >> Just here. >> Yeah, it looks really good. There's all the lifts they've been using. Those must work really well for this. I mean, that way they don't have to set up scaffolding, which would take so much longer. And then they'd have to move it around and make sure there was enough scaffolding for each section. So, this is actually a way better solution. >> I was working with my students the other day to find an answer to your question. I wonder if you'll not our dino, you know, when we get it. Anybody that's gone to Disney may may get it, but yeah, it'd be a it'd be a select few for sure, especially now that it's gone, unfortunately. Granted, >> it hasn't been gone very long, but >> So, we're going to come right this way. They got the gold back on it. Was that not there last time? The gold not there? I feel like it wasn't. Feel like they've added that back. Let's go back here so we can see a little better. Give me just a second. Here we go. >> It was the gold there last time. I'll have to watch back my video. Looks great. >> All right. Well, there you go. >> Hey, Greg Robotics. Hey, Sum. Do you want them on or off? You want to keep these on or off? Off. >> Hey, Ginger. Oh, no. We never rode tower last night because it was uh too busy. Spring break crowds and all. >> Oh, we got a little uh waterfall going on here. That may be something they put out whenever they do the uh stage show and they have the fireworks. Maybe just as a precaution right here around the castle just in case a stray a stray spark happens to escape. >> So yeah, >> you want to do that. >> I love these are hearts at the bottom. I never noticed that before. The foundations. >> It's looking good. >> So, the water is gone. So, they can paint. One little spark. Nice. by yourself. >> Can't hear you. Tougher jam. Wow. Why did you steady walking in all the water? Wow. Love. >> That's a lot of water. Oh, the cloud's helpful. >> From this side, it looks like all of the the ones we can see the turrets from this side are pretty pretty much done. So, that's nice. >> The blue is really sharp. Let me turn the brightness up just so you can see a little better. >> Yeah, that looks nice. Hello the live place. How are you? >> Welcome in. >> Yeah, there you go. >> Looks like it's all blue from there. Nice view indeed. >> Of course, over here you can see how it's how it's uh dry moat. So, that's fun. You've got your uh got your nice dry moat and uh keeping it dry so they can do the painting. >> Yeah, I think it looks great too. Classy Disney mom. It's going to be awesome when it's done. >> It's good too because I mean they do have to periodically like they do have to periodically uh you know repaint it anyway, right? Why are you laughing? >> No, never mind. >> That looks nice. >> All right. Yeah. So, they have to repaint it anyway. So, they, you know, at some point because of the Florida sun, it starts a little faded. So, it's like, oh, we can just, you know, while we were doing that, we can just change the color. I'm not sure if that was how it was, if it really just if it did need a repaint or if it was really just a they did, it was a conscious just color change. I don't mind the rocks. I think that's nice. I think it adds to the, you know, you were in a kingdom kind of a feel. It kind of adds to the uh oh, you might have we might have built a castle in the mountains or something or on a big hill, which is usually what happens. Wonder if 10 years in the future they repaint with drones and robots. Uh yeah, I don't know. That's a great question. I kind of hope not. I think I think uh I think it's great when it has that human touch on it. stuff like that. Painting, creating stuff like I don't know. >> You know, I don't have a problem with robots putting cars together on assembly lines. I know that does take away jobs and that's not good. But, you know, as far as cars not really being a work of art, per se, but this castle, you know, it' be nice that it was to know it was painted by people. All right. I got some great ideas. Disney hasn't called me. >> Yeah, they don't usually. >> That's really cool. All right, I have an idea. I have an idea. >> Let's actually Let's actually head this way. Elena right here. Elena, >> it's like cooking needs human touch. Yep. >> Exactly. >> I think we're going to get into that eventually. You know, I obviously I don't want to go off on a tangent too much, but like, you know, with with things that can be done with robotics, but it's like, okay, but we don't want it. You know what I mean? So, we're going to have to decide, I think, as as as people like, okay, just because it can be done doesn't mean we want it done. So, that's a that's it's an interesting thing. But e either way, just some food for thought. It's like teaching, you know, could it be done by an AI? Probably. It could be now at some point, but again, having that human touch is always better. And plus, you know, there's a lot of times when it's just wrong. I was asking chat GPT a question about something uh related to one of my classes and just trying to find some information and then I was like it gave me one piece of information I was like well that's just flat out wrong like I already knew it I knew the information and I even corrected it was like oh yeah good catch but if I hadn't said that you know it I would somebody else that didn't know that random fact that I knew would have been so yeah I think it's just it's great I think it's some things like that that should be people either super high contrast and underexposed. Oh yeah, they're um whenever we get into the uh if you look at it now, it looks fine. Whenever we get into the where we're looking into the sun, that's a pretty common thing with all cameras, but now that the sun's behind us, it looks great. Yeah, the gold does stand out more now for sure than when it was pink. >> Yeah, you can see the contrast is fine now. All right. >> Some people just want to see the world burn. Yeah, that's unfortunate for sure. A >> hot dog. Yeah. So, I didn't change anything on the contrast. It was just pointing into the sun or not pointing into the sun. >> So, if I point back into the sun, let's see. Yeah. Now, you now you're going to get that kind of weird shadows again. It's just the way photography works. You can ac you can you can if you're doing a professional shoot, you can kind of compensate for it with filters and things, but when I'm pointing one way and the other, I can't really compensate for it cuz I'd have to change filters and settings every time I change directions. So, it's better to just keep going. I just painted rooms all the places I live, but now in apartments, so I resist. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Um, we never painted anything in any apartments either. I don't even know. Sometimes they don't even allow it or sometimes they allow it, but then you have to put it back. You have to before you leave, you have to put it back the way it was, you know? Especially, I mean, for apartments, you know, you pick a color that somebody else doesn't like. That makes it difficult. So, I'm gonna watch at the castle still, but I thought I'd walk down here real quick and just kind of like watch the parade start, maybe, and then head down to the castle. I thought that might be fun. Yeah, Tracy, the castle does look good. Uh, Veronica, a long time since I've been in here, but thank you for a lovely stream on my day off. You're very welcome. I'm glad you're here. Glad you're here. We going to see >> got parade starting in just >> I don't know 12 minutes or so. I would guess that the grand marshall will come or maybe they've already come through. I don't know. >> Of course, here's the the great wall. Okay, we'll go on this side. >> Looks like they're getting ready for the grand marshall, I think, is what she was saying. They're about to about to close off the street. So, yeah, we'll stand here in the shade for a second and wait for it to start and then I can go then I can take the back way around and show you the parade from by the castle. That'll be fun. Let's do that. I like that plan. I got the hats in here with a great wall. >> Welcome one and all to the Magic Kingdom. In just a few minutes, we'll proudly present an enchanting celebration in the streets, our Disney Festival of Fantasy Parade. And now, please welcome our honorary grand marshalss, Emily and Jennifer Mayhe from Dallas, Texas. about moving around. Thank you. Good job. I just All right, I'm going to brave the I'm going to brave the uh the sun for a minute to give you a better better shot here. Then I'm going to get out of the way. If >> you had to choose between the two American Disney castle parks, which will it be? Um, >> it's hard to ch It's hard to choose. >> You stay right here with mommy. Okay. >> Yeah, >> it's hard to choose. They're both great. >> I mean, this is the one I grew up with, but the parade That's >> you walking on another stream. How fun. >> They're going to come from this way and it's a bunch of me. >> Leslie's putting it on her uh workout playlist. Yeah, it's a very great motivational song. I love it. Very good. About 7 minutes construction at Paper Villains Land. You'd have to drive around the back side of the park to give you that. You can see it if you go back on uh Fidian. Is it Flidian way? One of those back there in the back, which is which is oddly enough the road that goes by the Grand Fian. Love the phrase. Disney World is awesome. I grew up with Walt Disney World, too. Yeah. And I And don't get me wrong, I love Disneyland, but yeah, grew up with it. So, yeah, more, you know, more special memories here for sure. But yeah, Disney uh Disneyland is a very, very special place as well. >> Absolutely. Hey, Tiger. Tiger Gal, how's it going? Yeah, I hope your headache feels better. >> Sorry, I didn't see that earlier. >> Less than five minutes to go. Then we're going to walk down to Main Street or walk down to Cinderella Castle and watch it from there. Kind of get a little intro and then we'll we'll run down and do the rest. Glam Grand I I say Grand Fian. That's why Grand Fian as opposed to Grand Marshall. Yeah, Grand Marshall. I don't know. >> All right there, friends. Great spot to start. We're just going to go over some rules to go quick. Number one, that rope you see right in front of you. Make sure we're not pushing on that rope, pulling on the rope, going over or under that rope at any point in time. Once the parade's up and this rope right here is going to be staying up for a couple minutes, but that rope to your right is going to be rolled up when the parade is passing end of the parade is passing by. If we are going to be exiting, just ask that you exit to your right or you're just going to turn around, exit out to the porch behind you. Don't try to exit under or over that wheel. All right. All right. That's going to be it for my news and don'ts. Any questions? All right. Enjoy. >> Wow. 31 in New Hampshire. Crazy. I love the song Ghost Riders in the Sky. Oh, that's awesome. Resort boat high def TV might be the ways of the future. Yep. Sorry, I'm not seeing all the comments. The sun's bright. Finish yours. >> Couple more minutes. I'm glad I'm not standing here the whole time. >> It's really warm. >> I think it's I think the parade starts in 3 minutes. She's right. It does start in 3 minutes. >> No chance of rain. That's right. Bego. Yeah. All the jokes are about doing all the jokes. Mine. It's Rapunzel and Peter Pan is close second. Nice. Goodness, >> that sun is just brutal. >> Guys, let me know what your favorite part of the parade is. Okay. Yeah. >> What is your favorite part of the parade? >> Really looks good. Josh's looking forward to possibly trying to see you and Jenna again in June or maybe Disneyland Anaheim in late April. But we just can't stay away. Nice. >> Jenny and Carl. Well, come on down. >> It's a warm one, but it's a great day. >> All right, we got about a minute. >> So, we start here in that fanfare. >> I think Oh yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. Something like that. Like this. >> You like the dragon? Yep. The dragon is a great part of the parade. >> Okay, good. >> We should be able to see her, too. Do her do her fire thing from here. A blessed cloud. You're right. >> We used to say that used to say that in band camp anytime a cloud came over marching band practice. Blessed Cloud. >> Here we go. That's like a here from near and far to the magic kingdom to join Mickey Mouse and his fantasy friends in the streets. Dreams will come true. will be called. Oh my god. I love to see you. Heat. Heat. with me. >> I'm only that don't Fire. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. This is the right our human. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Everybody in your Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Please go on. Oh, baby. We know the sea. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Sorry. All right, let's go by the castle. We almost will see the whole play twice if I can get over there fast enough. I may have waited too long, but we got this. Okay. I wanted to basically wanted to see Maleficent breathe fire and I did several times. Yay. >> Excuse me. We go this way and get out of here this way. All right. >> So fun. you guys. >> Don't worry, we're not done yet. If I have to go all the way to Main Street, I will. But we will we will get the rest of the parade. I just wanted to give you a double viewing. Sort of one and a half. Maybe one and a half views. All right, let's see if we can get through here. My name's >> How I think I might have made it. Let's see. >> Sorry, I'm not reading chat. Trying to get through. There it is right there. >> I made it. Heat. Heat. See, Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. That boy We are way a wonderful life over the sea. Give me your real life. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You and me. I see you. I see freaking freaking you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my god. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. All right. My way. Yeah. I sing a song you >> Oh, that was amazing. I think that's uh that calls for a uh ride on the people mover. Let's go do it. That was a great parade. We got some great shots of Maleficent breathing fire in front of the castle. I loved it. I hope you guys enjoyed it, too. Double parade. Yeah, almost a double parade. But I like this cuz we got to watch in front of the castle, which we don't usually do. So that's fun. Hold on, guys. Hard to get through. Everybody's going different ways. There we go. Ah, it fun. >> Yep. It's spring break. It is spring break. That's what it That's what it looks like after the parade. the madness after the parade. You get to you get to fight your way through the crowds and your epic reward is more rides. too long. Sorry. You made it, Josh. You're a master at live uh live parade capture. Thank you. I appreciate that. Well, we've been doing it for a while. But, uh, I do like to try and get good shots if I can. Ever since I was a kid, I I had an eye for framing shots. So, I did photography in 4. Of course, you know, with old photography, you couldn't see. you had no, you know, you thought you had a good shot, but then you had to wait a couple weeks to see if you really did. Had to wait till the uh pictures got developed. So nice now that you can instantly see if it was good or not. >> All right. Goodness gracious. Great balls of fire. It's hot. >> Okay. Luckily, I got my water. I'm going to need a drink. >> I was going to go watch the end of it on Main Street, but I didn't think I had another hustle in me. All right. your day full of small wins with big laughs. There you go. It's a nice wish for somebody. >> Hopefully this doesn't take long. >> I think they're right there. Okay, >> this is the TTA line service around >> Pirates is 25. We may be able to do that here in a little bit. >> Probably should have run into it after the parade, but that's all right. We'll get there. We will get there. I'll take some of the heat. It's 43. Yeah, I'll give you like I'll give you like 15 20° and then you'll be warmer and I'll be cooler. It'll be be a great deal cuz right now it is 84. Yeah. >> Oh, thanks, Rosie. Yep. I'm drinking my water. I appreciate it. I'm trying to stay hydrated. Most of this queue was in the uh >> in the sun in the afternoon. >> Oh man. At least this phone is really good at not overheating. Everything's working perfectly. 70 is a perfect sunny day. Yeah, it is. In the shade, it's perfect. It's just the direct sun that makes it feel warm. In the shade, I was watching the parade in the shade, it just wasn't as good of a view. So, I sweated for y'all to make sure you had a better view cuz I knew I knew if I stood back there in the shade that, you know, there would be people standing in front of me along the rope, which, you know, they should. It's a good view. Like, it it would be silly for them not to use it, but I was like, "Nope, I better grab my spot on the rope cuz there was one." So, I get a good view just for you guys. 32 and snowing and burn, Switzerland. It's a nice reprieve from the heat of southeast Louisiana. Wow. 7° and 4 in on the way. Yikes. So funny how different our planet is. I mean, it's a big planet, but still, you know, >> a man of the people. That's right. Hopefully they get it moving again so we can get in the shade. >> But thanks for being here. We're glad to see you this afternoon. We are uh Oh, there they go. The people are moving once again. The temp is 84 right now according to my phone. It's a warmer than we've been used to lately for sure. And I usually go at night so it's a little cooler, but I just fun to go during the day, too. You never know. There they go. The people are moving indeed. love your shirt. Oh, thanks. Yeah. Yeah. I've got the uh got the Disney Destiny inaugural sailing shirt on. I haven't really worn it much. I thought why not? Let's wear the shirt. So, it's it's not just the one that we went. It's not just for the one sailing we went on. It's also for the um for the sailing um all I believe all year or at least for the first few months. So that's cool. I'm going to park inside. Hello, Anthony. >> Like to sail on the treasure of destiny. Yeah, treasure is also good. All those wish class ship wish class ships are great. Beautiful. Beautiful. Of course, not cheap, but very beautiful. And you get you kind of, you know, you kind of get what you pay for. Like, it's great. Um, they're great ships, obviously. You know, it's it's not in the budget for everybody, including me right now. But, uh, it is something to aspire to if you're able to, uh, save up for it, for sure. If they had inaugural service for the Titanic, they should have first and last. inaugural and finale voyage. >> It's a two for one. >> Kind of a mediumsized planet. Yeah. No, I know. >> But once um when you get super Earths um the chance of life as we know it decreases because the gravitational pole gets much much stronger. So they said actually that like um on a super earth the creatures would tend to be much shorter because of uh gravity the gravity on a super earth would be stronger. Yeah. Pretty interesting stuff. Also again everybody talks about how our planet was like the Goldilocks you know planet um that all the things that formed couldn't have formed you know without it being just exactly this size or mostly or close to this size. So that's pretty interesting. But um >> pretty interesting stuff. I don't know that all of that, you know, kind of reinforces my belief in in God, of course, but we don't talk about that too much. I'm not here to preach to anybody, but it just all like, you know, kind of makes sense. So just so so many things had to go exactly right. Boy, it's really stopping a lot. People stop her. >> Yeah. And then past the certain size planets turn into gas giants because they can't I think there's something also again about gravity that doesn't allow the rocky planets to form past their certain size. Doing my first Alaska cruise this summer. Oh, that's so fun. Taylor, hey, Canadian Disney family. Ready breakfast. breeze is nice. >> Oh, thanks Canadian Disney family. >> You're a blessing to all of us. I appreciate that. You guys are a blessing to me. Just like this cloud that's making us cooler. >> We return back to Orlando Disney World. I'm going to drive there. Wouldn't be for a long time. Well, Tiger Gall, I hope you do make it back. However you get here, I hope you make it back sometime. And we'll see what we can ride. We got the Mega Vlog Premiere either at 5:30 or 6. I can change it if we want. If we end up wanting to go longer, I can always change it. I know 3 and a half hours isn't a long stream for us, but I just thought it'd be a nice little afternoon stream. You know, I can go home and spend time with the family and then tomorrow we're going out to a state park with some of our friends going horseback riding for one of our friends birthday. So, that's kind of fun. That's kind of super fun. Up we go. Oh, and it stopped. If you're not ready for that, that's quite a jolt. That wasn't was was involuntary. That was was me catching myself. Those might be a long ride on the people mover. We'll see. Tiana's 85 cuz it's warm out. >> We might go to Pirates after this. If you're a fan of literally anything, it's going to there'll be something for you in it. I promise. There's Star War, there's Star Wars, there's Star Trek, there's >> Doctor Who, there's Ghostbusters, there's Wall-E, there's Disney stuff, there's Transformers. So much in the vlog. >> Everyone in Magic Kingdom for the Artemis launch. I don't know. We'll see. been talking to Jenna about that. >> I would like I would kind of like to go to a park for that. We'll just kind of see how it goes. >> Your Saturday streams are my favorite, so I appreciate even a three-hour stream. Nice. Yeah. One thing you see sometimes is uh looking at weight times. The wait times tend to stabilize >> a little bit after the parade's been over for a while. >> So, it's nice to keep checking. >> And don't forget to subscribe if you're new. >> Over 214,000 will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. >> People that have chosen to join our community and we'd love to have you as part of that. the safety. Gracias. Please step carefully onto the fire alarm, then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times. Feet, legs, and other car. Please >> super hands, arms, feet, legs, inside. Says, "There's so much to like about CTA." Yes, for sure. Brenda and I were there for a launch last year. Yeah, launches are so fun here. And again, like I said last night, this is going to be basically the biggest launch since um Apollo Saturn before we were born. So, before I was born. because none of the rockets we have are, you know, at that size. >> So, it's going to be an incredible display. I hope it's clear enough we can see it. >> I read somewhere that we might even hear it over here like as a a low a low roar. It's like a rumble of thunder. Normally we don't hear them. >> Granted, I'm also not usually in a quiet place though, so >> hopefully Mr. Maro makes his flight to the moon. Well, John Firo, funny you should say that. I think his flight leaves on Wednesday. It's >> the first time we've been back to the moon. So, for a while, even though we're not landing, he can jump off. Yeah, Mr. Marl can catch a flight on Wednesday. >> He just has to be willing to jump off. Maybe they'll they'll give him a little landing pod, you know, like Elroy had on uh the Jetsons where they sent him to school and he just like floated down in a little pod. They didn't even have to stop. There was no car line in the future. It's just >> right down. >> Enjoy your journey. >> Floats right down. >> Saw a SpaceX launch of 2024. Yeah, that's always fun. >> Please step carefully to the moving platform. >> Will he have it together and make the flight? I don't know. Remain seated at all times keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. This is the TTA blue line stop service around Tomorrowland. Greetings intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Ora 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow land. And my stars, is there ever lots to see? From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in tomorrowland. >> For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity risers, please do not take flight while on board. Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Trail. Transfer to Green and Red Lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future right by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot? And a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World. Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny borax. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy, except actual stars. Those are no. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron White Cycle Ride. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep all facing clear of coming vehicles. Thank you. This is Starport 75 or as we locals call it Space Mountain. Our highspeed rocket float to distant deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The full moon rules of Pisces 7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Book today. Another heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Paging Mr. Marorrow, Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Don at the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward to clear on vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and function. Hop aboard and launch high above tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big, beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. show. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come full orbit. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're concluded, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. Today. See you in the future. I know you Please continue away from the doors. >> This is the GTA open automatic, please. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and titty and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the guard. Thank you. All right, >> that was awesome. By the way, welcome Timothy, I think, was somebody >> first- time viewer. That was pretty cool. Always good to welcome new people. A great one. Uh Tim Tim Mclofflin. There I scrolled back. Welcome Tim. Glad you're here. Love watching various streams. Wishing we were there firsthand. Well, hopefully you'll be back. But until then, you can watch us anytime. We've also got our 24-hour channels of Resort TV 24/7. We've got a 24-hour just stroll around channel where there's no talking at all. just put it on in the background and I mean you'll hear like crowd noise but I don't talk into it so there's no like specific dialogue it's just the roar the door roar of the crowd and sometimes there's a you know when I'm walking like at a resort or something I'm like almost by myself it's super quiet but either way there's also a ride stream so there's a 24-hour stroll stream and there's a 24-hour ride stream and uh both of them are a lot of fun so I encourage you guys to check them out Resort TV 24/7 we also have some awesome sponsors I need to talk about. We've got mickeyras.com for the best in Disney vacation planning. Go check out mickeytras.com. They also have mikblog.com for all the latest Disney news. So mickeyras.com and mickeyblog.com. Go check them out. They'll help you plan your trip and it doesn't cost any more than if you actually booked it yourself. So when you're you're booking it yourself, um you can do that and that's totally good. But then you're doing all the work and reservations and trying to figure it all out. If you call Mickey Travels, they'll do all that for you and it costs the same still. Or they might even be able to find you a discount. Maybe there's one that you didn't know about. They're like, "Oh, you know, if you do this, this, and this, you can you can get a free dining plan." You know, whatever it is. I'm not saying all the time, but sometimes there are deals that your agent might know about that might make it even cheaper stuff that you didn't know. So, yeah, that's mickeyras.com. That's their job. And if you're wondering how they make money, Disney pays them to book trips. So, you pay Disney for the trip and Disney pays them for booking the trip. Anyway, almost 2,000 people in here. Happy Saturday, everybody. H the clouds are really making it nice. It's not as good for photography, but actually it is because the lighting is more even. It just the sun of course looks nice on the TV with the blue sky. It's a little windy, but man, that feels amazing. The temperature's dropped. At least the feel of the temperatures dropped. It says 84 still, but it feels really good. That guy's got shirt on. Just says shirt. He really confused people and put pants on the front of it. Why does that guy's shirt say pants? Just because. I'm looking for a deal that they pay me to come down on property and go to the parks. I haven't had much luck. Yeah, I think a lot of people would like that deal. That's like back in the day when they would they would pay you to like, you know, certain like unicorn jobs that only a couple people could get where they paid you to test video games or paid you to uh you know, test out toys or food products or whatever else. Yeah. I mean, there's few few and far between, of course, cuz everybody would want that job. And there probably is more work to that type of thing than what you'd imagine because you'd have to like, you know, I'm sure you have to make reports and stuff. If you don't just play the games, I'm sure there's obviously they they need the feedback, right? And if if there was a bug or something in the game, they would need to know that. So, you'd have to fill out a report so the developers could try and figure out what's going on. But yeah, that's I know you're joking, but that's like those unicorn jobs we used to talk when we were kids. Man, I want somebody to pay me to to play video games. My favorite my favorite uh technically trivia thing to say too is about that is I actually have been paid to play video games. Uh and not through YouTube, not like you might think, oh yeah, on RetroTV1 Tech you, you know, had a couple live streams and probably made a little bit of money out. I think we made like $10 or $15 on those streams, which is fine. That's not the point. But yeah, technically got paid to play on those streams, too. But um but actually um our school takes a field trip, a unity day field trip every uh every year and I usually get to go to the bowling alley and I I sit around in there and play in the arcade and stuff and so I always text my you know wife and you know whoever else and be like hey I'm getting paid to play games right now. It's one day a year but hey I'm taking it. It's a win. I have a great I have a great school and we're a little crooked. Hold on. Let me fix my gimbal. There we go. We're a little off balance. That's getting better there. There we go. >> All right, we're back. Okay. >> Try not to get anybody's picture. It's hard. >> Okay. So, it still says 25 for pirates. Let's go try it. Haunt's 25 as well. That's honestly not bad for those rides. Any of the poos 25? All right. What should we do first? Pirates or haunted? What do you guys want to do? Let me know. Does pirates or haunted sound better? That's very cool. They're doing graduation pictures. >> Yes. So, you can hire, by the way, a photographer to go around and do pictures with you. I don't know how much the packages are. I'm sure it's a few hundred, but you hire a Disney photographer. You can't People got in trouble a while back for taking pictures for like getting paid to take pictures for other guests in the park. Obviously, you can always take pictures for people to be nice, but you can't uh you can't get paid to uh take pictures unless you're Disney photo pass. So, anyway, you can book a photo pass to walk around with you and take pictures for wedding. wedding usually for wedding it's usually part of the package uh that you that you sign up for but for uh for graduation for uh engagements for yeah whatever haunted pirates give my better half Kelly a shout out for sure pirates pirates haunted okay let's try haunted since we're right here and then we'll try pirates later maybe like cuz I I think that's let's just at least check let's check and see what the line looks like I reserve the right to make a different call since I'm the one who has to physically stand in the line that's my that's my I'm the driver. You know, you ever hear you ever hear somebody say that when they're in the car and like driver picks the music, streamer picks the rides. All right. Yeah, that's longer. Okay. How is that 25? They're all the way back here. I can't imagine that's true. No, there's no way that's 25. Like I said, it's back here. I think it hasn't been updated after the parade. Let me Let me check. Maybe I have to re Maybe I have to force close my app. >> Yeah. No, that's a big no. >> The capture the moment thing is 99. Oh, that's not bad at all. How many How many pictures does that take does that involve? >> It was commitment. That girl that graduated girl, she she was wearing heels in the park. That's commitment to wear heels in Magic Kingdom. Hopefully she had other shoes to like some sandals or something after the shoot. I can't imagine that feeling very good after a while. Okay. Nope. It still says 25. So, the scrim um depending on which one you're talking about is for the Piston Peak construction. And then on Haunted Mansion, they're just doing some re, you know, refurbishment, painting, and stuff like that. There's no way that's 25. Oh, haunted posted 35 and Pirates posted 40. So, my my my app is just not updating. It doesn't matter if I have you guys had this issue. It doesn't matter if you force close it. It just This Disney app is really bad now. It used to be good. I don't know who is working on it, but they got to figure it out cuz it used to be good, but now the wait times don't load and it doesn't return for Oh, yeah. 35 doesn't return from standby properly and it's kind of a mess. >> Trying to find now I just reloaded it and the weight times aren't showing up. like maybe I seem to delete it and try again. >> Yeah, the area does look kind of rough with all the construction. I agree. But that's part of the progress. I obviously am not happy about the Rivers of America going away, but we're hoping we get some type of river in its place. Give me a second. All right. Well, we'll just use the uh the other app. >> All right, >> there we go. >> My app was wrong, too. But if you click on the ride, it'll update the weight times. Interesting. Okay. Well, >> yeah, the app itself is just super buggy. It's like the resume from the resume from standby basically like having the app not visible when it resumes. They it doesn't it it just completely forgets what to do half the time. And I don't know if it's memory errors or memory leaks or whatever you want to call it, but it's not. Once you when you minimize the app and you go do something else or you just lock your phone, try and come back to it, the app does not know what to do anymore. So, that's all right. We'll stroll around a little bit. >> See if there's anything else we can do. >> I'll just use I'll just use the Disney World Mouse Times app because that's way better by our friend Roman and Alandre. Anyway, uh let's see. We could do the railroad >> or the speedway. All right, we may go do the railroad or speedway or something. Let's see. We'll just walk over there. Maybe we'll do the treehouse and stuff on our way around. The first time I went to Walt Disney World in 80 and I wore wood platform 3 in heels, we found JC Penings and bought some sneakers. Yeah. No hocus then, right? That's pretty funny. >> Yeah, I'm sure that was painful. the wooden especially wood is pretty unforgiving. >> It just, you know, it doesn't move. Anyway, sorry for the little rant. I just know that the app used to Yeah, a couple years ago it was pretty good and just recently, the last year or so, it's been pretty rough. Yep. Pirates is 40 now. 35 or 40. One of my apps said 35, so it's close to that, whatever it is. But that's funny cuz I was I kept seeing 25. I thought that seemed unlikely just because it was those were during the parade times, >> but I just kept looking at it and it wasn't changing and I was like, "Okay, my house. That's it." >> Well, let's just go this way. And there's no reason to go by pirates if it's 40 or 35 or whatever. I'm glad the Frontier Land sign is back, though. Go in the treehouse. Hey, Max. All right, we made it. Can we do a theming appreciation tour of the pirate shop and maybe the new Tiana shop? Oh, I suppose we could. We'd have to go back over there, but suppose we could. That could be Steven. That could be very well true. So, they've had some changes in the staff. You'd think they would test it though, like actually go out in the field and test it. And then, I mean, maybe every device is different, but you'd think that they would see these things. I'm disabled and I can't do that one. Oh yeah, I'm always glad to show this to anybody. Obviously, this is not a uh not a disabled handicap scooter friendly attraction in any way, shape, or form. There's no way that it could be, unfortunately. So, I'm glad that we can show it to you this way. >> They got a lot of the dead uh plants cut back. They've done a really good job. I can't imagine how much work that was to cut back a lot of the dead. And then hopefully it comes back. Like I was talking to somebody the other day from horiculture, maybe it was on the stream, just talking about how what they what they do is that, you know, they're cutting it all back. They're going to kind of see what comes back and then they'll replace what doesn't. That's a good strategy. You don't want to replace stuff that's still alive. So, I love this. I believe from what I've seen, this is totally real. There's no there is no um no motor on this. It's just run by the water. I put a camera there. There would be very very entertaining for a while. I think there's the crest. And you can see the the buckets of water going up to the top just in case you wanted a glass of water in your bedroom upstairs. That Oh, you're good. That water looks pretty pretty clean, too, cuz it's moving. I hear the organ already. Hear this. Here's a little stream. Actually, haven't noticed that for a while. Oh, it comes Okay, that's interesting. So, it actually kind of runs It is kind of a recycle circuit. It runs down this way. I'm sure there's some that comes out of somewhere else, but it goes downhill to to pick up some speed. This is so well designed. It goes downhill and it's got some momentum by the time it gets down there and hits the wheel. and then you know water takes over cuz water is pretty powerful as you know and um make sure that it it runs. So really cool design and you know obviously they've been doing that for centuries. When I was little I thought it'd be amazing to live in the treehouse. Oh, for sure. I still think it'd be pretty amazing. You see, you see the little waterfall there. Even to give it a little more speed and by the time it gets here, it's really got some speed. So, it's really giving it momentum. And I think that is why too, a lot of these types of things were put it, you know, when they were put in the real world without, you know, this kind of a artificial type design. You know, they were put at places where the water was moving pretty quickly so that it had enough power to turn the wheel. Love how the speaker is muffled like an old organ. So nice. My grandpa worked as one of the welders on the treehouse. That's amazing. Look at this. Going up, going down. Not sure what kind of organ that is. I mean, obviously it was at one point a pipe organ because they wouldn't have had electric ones. There probably would have been a bellows on that one because uh that's how original pipe organs worked. Like there wouldn't have been any electricity obviously out on out at sea. It's interesting that they took the organ with them out out to out to sea. Pretty cool. >> It does. It's kind of fashioned after a banging tree, isn't it? So many ropes and everything. This is such an intricate like labor of love for a bunch of people that help build this. I do think it gets still pretty pretty good amount of visitors, especially when it's busy and you're like, "Oh, I can just walk through this and there's no weight and it's mostly shaded and yeah, it's a pretty nice break from the park. Obviously, if you can't climb the stairs, you know, that's something makes it harder, but you can always watch our videos. It's the only downside that not everybody can do it. So cool. We are at the top as high as it gets cuz of course the boy's room would be up high where you know as boys like to be kind of at the top of the tower. King of the Mountain. >> Something smells good. >> Okay, so here's the water. Oh, I forgot to show you where it gets dumped. It gets dumped up higher somewhere, but then it comes down into the kitchen and it's got pressure for the faucet. And it goes all the way down here and all the way down and around. It's a whole big I wouldn't drink it after it's been in those pipes, but all the debris and stuff makes the water pretty dirty, but uh or makes at least the pipes pretty dirty. But it does end up here. How cool how you can just turn a corner with a hole. Let's put a hole in it and then on down it goes. How fun. It's a great crowd eater to walk through. Yeah, for sure. All right, let's head on down. This is such a niche. That water wheel was broken for so long. So, I'm glad that they got it fixed. I was worried that, you know, they wouldn't cuz it's not a I can see why it's not a high priority. Like, obviously, other things might be more more pressing, but it's nice. That's the little details that I like to see. Reminds me of when I had a treehouse when I was a kid. Yeah, for sure. Our grandfather made us one, too. But, you know, I think this is like the mega treehouse. And then the steps change to a stone here. >> And we're on ground level pretty much. >> So there's the little faucet for washing vegetables and stuff. It's the door. >> There's the waterfall. So, there is a recycling effect that happens, too, because all of this stuff that comes out of here, it all drains into here and back into here. So, the water is literally I mean, obviously, some of it evaporates, but the water is literally recycled like a fountain. I don't know where this comes from here. There might be a pump here, though. that I'm not sure about. But the good news is that after that, gravity takes over. Was this chair in the movie somewhere? I think it was. I really like the treehouse. We do it maybe every other trip. Yeah. I'm glad too, especially with the older, you know, like the Tom Sawyer and some of that gone. I'm really glad that they still have this kind of original type outdoors adventure attraction. There you go. Swiss Family Robinson Treehouse. Does anybody remember when they were little radiocrolled boats? I believe they were there right next to the Jungle Cruise. Those were super fun. That chair was in the movie. Okay. That chair was crowning ceremony for the animal race right before the pirate attack. Okay. It's been so long since I've seen that movie. I mean, like I think it was like the last time I saw it, I was actually a little, you know, younger kid. So, all right. I think we're going to go we're going to go grab the train. We might come we'll come maybe come back and do the shops. >> Yeah. I think I'd like to go do the train and maybe a speedway or something. And we'll just kind of keep an eye on the wait times and see if anything goes down. >> You won't be able to make it down for spring break. Oh, sorry to hear that. Resort budgeting. I welcome in everybody. If you are new to the channel, be sure to hit subscribe. It's totally free and helps make sure that you keep up to date with all of the cool things that are coming up here at Walt Disney World and elsewhere. Might as we do other things. And Pirates is still 40. Holland is 35. the RC boats. When my son was about 10, he's 33 now. Yeah. I remember when I was younger, too. They had them. And Lou has a wonderful video about Swiss Family Robinson Treehouse where a cast member gives him a tour. Oh, wow. Yeah, we definitely miss Adam. I know every once in a while something will remind remind me of him and I will Yeah. definitely be a little sad. >> All right. So, we do have some other sponsors um that help support the stream. We've got uh resort tv1homes.com. Again, that's resorttv1homes.com. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida or even an investment property or whatever it is you want, just go to resortv1homes.com. Again, that's resort tv1homes.com. Click on contact us and one of our expert realtors will get right back to you and help you find that dream home here in Central Florida. Resorttv1homes.com. resortv1homes.com. >> Click on contact us. Now, like I said, we're broken by expy Disney ducks. It's such a fun show. The friendship fair. I'm glad that they still do it. Those are the little, you know, nice little uh serendipity type things where you, if you're not familiar with the word, it's just finding something by luck, like a lucky break where you just kind of like find it, you know, by chance. And so, uh, you uh you end up walking around and like, "Oh, there's a show going on. We can watch it." Or maybe you see the times and you actually plan to go and watch it from the beginning. Either way, it's fun. Yeah, WD40. Their carts. They have one in Hollywood Studios. It's really bad. I was doing a relaxing stroll there and I had to like cut out a bunch of the stroll because the cart was so squeaky. I didn't want to subject people to that. I'm like, "Oh my gosh, please, please put some WD40 on your cart. The wheel is screaming. It's screaming for a little a little oil. >> All right. >> Hello, Cherry Reed. Hello, Xavier Necro. Good to see you. This is fun. Walking around Magic Kingdom is always fun. I got Oh, wow. The balloons are active today with the wind. It's a tough job. Not much you can do when the wind just takes them. Now, there are shows on Main Street, but there's also shows at the castle. >> All right. Well, let's head up the uh head up the stairs and go from there. Let's see. Is there anything anything coming soon? Oh, well, the train's here, so let's just go get on it. >> Are there any shows about to happen here? The cast members are kind of standing around like there's about to be one, but we have a train here, so let's just go. Let's >> go get on. >> Oh, the adventure friends is at 5:10. Shouldn't be anything else until then. 5:00 is the flag retreat. Maybe we will. We can watch the flag retreat if we can get back here in time. All right, let's see what we can do here. All right, I don't have time to show the view. I got to get in line here. Make sure I get on here. I've never he just >> the bomb unicorn. Hello. >> Excuse me. Which Disney future is that again? I'm sorry. I got a lot of catching up. >> Hello everyone and welcome aboard the Walt Disney World Railroad. At this time, our train is a shuttle service train with service between State Main Street USA and Fantasy Land Station. For the next leg of our journey, we will be traveling in reverse motion with our caboose leading the way back to Fantasy Land Station. Once again, our train will be traveling in reverse motion to Fantasy Land Station. We'll then travel back here to Main Street Tree USA in forward motion. Enjoy your ride. >> We stay on the train. We should get back here right around 5. Should be about perfect. We'll see. >> Yeah, bit. I'm so glad that it's back, too. The train is so nice to have, even if it's only half the trip. Oh yeah, we'll definitely celebrate when the railroad makes a full loop. 100%. >> No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Why >> just like we celebrated when it came back last time? >> At least this time we're not missing it. Super awkward. Yes. Never. out there. >> Welcome aboard, folks. Thanks for touring our trip to Fantasy Land. Throughout our journey, please make sure your hands, arms, feet, legs, parasols, and bowler hats stay inside the trick. And please keep an eye on our junior riders. Gracias. By now, you've probably noticed I'm not just conducting the train today. I'm also conducting a bit of an experiment. You know the old saying, sometimes you have to go backward to go forwards. Well, today we're putting that to the test by heading to Storybook Circus Caboose first. And Tomorrowland is the perfect place for experimentation. That's why I invited my favorite little experiment to ride along with us today. Folks, say hello to experiment 626. Although you might know him as >> Mr. Conductor, can Stitch drive the train? I can do it. All aboard. Well, Stitch, I was thinking you could be my co-conductor for a spell and help me tell our passengers about all the wonderful sights and sounds in Tomorrowland. Yeah. >> Welcome to tomorrow right more marrow stitch to go. >> You're a natural stitch >> and stitch blow the whistle. >> Not just yet my friend. There are so many more exciting things to talk about in tomorrow. >> More exciting whistle. >> You bet. You see that Astroorbiter station? From up there in those rockets, you can see everything in Tomorrowland, including the Tomorrowland Speedway. >> Oh, but still have no driver's license. >> You don't need a license to drive in Tomorrowland, Stitch. >> No license? No problem. Stitch going fast. Almost loves to blow the whistle. If you want to go fast, Stitch, why not race across the grid with team blue on Light Cycle Run? >> Stitch, I think you would make a wonderful addition to the grid. >> Well, would you look at that? It's almost whistle time. >> Scurry on down to the other end of the train on the engineer. And don't forget to use those thanks. >> Just a good reminder to folks, please make sure we keep all body parts inside the train at all times, please. Thank you. Well done, Stitch. Say, you want to stick around and help me introduce these fine folks to story book circus? >> I think you'll love it, Stitch. You'll see great feats of strength, folks. >> Such a strong animals of all shapes and sizes. >> You bet your bottom dollar. There are even elephants whose ears so large they can fly as high as the rockets we just left behind. at story book is possible. >> Let's join the circus. it up. It all >> Well, folks, thanks for riding along with me. I mean, us. As we arrive, please stay seated until we come to a complete stop. Gather your belongings and little ones before exiting the train. And be sure to wait until you're safely on the platform to unfold those strollers. And now, friends, travelers, children of all ages, welcome to the stupendous, the sensational, the spectacular fantasy land story book circus. Next stop, Main Street, USA. >> As we arrive into Majar, thank you. Stay seated everyone. >> Please stay seated. >> Oh, we're you're good to just park. This is your closest station to Fantasy Land and Tomorrowland. See you have a magical day out there, everyone. I'm sorry. >> I'm wearing the white shirt. Good afternoon and welcome aboard the Walt Disney World Railroad. At this time we are offering a shuttle service and again here at the land station we will go forward up to the main street station. Make a single stop there and we're back here at the Fantasy Land station. Once again, we're offering a shuttle service at this time. We'll begin. We'll go ahead and ride. >> Let's go and ride the other way, too. Why not? >> Would you guys rather walk back? >> I don't know if they're adding water or not. >> I can't see from up here. I did get dripped on by the water here a minute ago. So, What do you guys want to do? >> Maybe too late to get off now. >> We'll be underway here in just a few moments. Once again, welcome aboard the Walt Disney World Railroad. >> Well, let's ride it. Why not? We'll ride the train. >> Riding the train. >> So, yeah. So, there's only one train on the tracks and it just goes back and forth between these two stations. >> Uh, Leaf, I don't know. I didn't see any trash, but I I I have a very limited view from here, so I'm not sure. I know they just always tell people not to do that, but I don't know if anybody actually did or not. I would hope not, but who knows? I >> actually have to look after I get off to see which which engine we have. Somebody's not happy. body. >> Finley says, "Hello, Shash and everybody." Hello, Finley. >> I love that. My name is Shash. >> That's amazing. My favorite. It's my favorite favorite. surprised you didn't videotape the new Toy Story ride. Well, um, we weren't able to go. We didn't get invited to the previews or any of that stuff, so we didn't get to go. Um, we do have a a Muppet Coaster event coming up that hopefully we'll be able to share more about eventually, but um, yeah, no Buzz Lightyear, so I don't know. And it's not open now to film. So, um, there's only events at certain times. So, we're thankful for whatever we do get invited to. Like I said, we're just, you know, whatever they have time and whatever they have room for. >> She's trying. No, I love it. I love it. is I think it's awesome. >> Like I actually meant that. I really think it is super cute. Oh, there's Donald Monsoon train. I've I've been there before. We've done this train of the monsoon before. Here we go. I don't know. >> Looks like we're on our way and I'm so glad to have you with us. This train's head straight for M Street, USA. We'll head on back to Fantasy Land after that. Stay seated and keep your hands and arms, feet, and legs inside the train at all times. Oh, and please keep an eye on your children. Next up from a place and not just because we're on a straight away our metropolis of mechanical marbles tomorrow. >> Hi everyone and welcome aboard. At this time, everyone must be seated either in someone's lap or to the right of them on the bench, but there should be nobody sitting backwards. So, please make sure that you are sitting correctly with your both feet on the ground. Thank you. Abusers detected in contact area. Maintain trajectory. Intervention not required. And that's the statement that makes intergalactic travel possible. So simple once you hear it, right? >> Yes, sir. In this place of boundless optimism, the possibilities are endless. You might say the sky's the limit, but even that is no obstacle in Tomorrowland. Thank you. Thank you. Our trip is almost complete. And though it was brief, I can't thank you enough for spending part of your day with me. And I hope you've enjoyed your journey as much as I've appreciated being a part of it. We're now approaching our most charming destination, Main Street, USA. A place where the only thing sweeter than the town's home is the treats. After this, we'll circle back to land. So, unless you're yearning for more, this will be your stop. For now, stay seated until our train comes to a complete stop. Then, pick up your belongings and carefully disembark. If you have strollers to unfold, please take them all the way beyond the platform so new passengers can safely hop aboard. It'd be mighty kind of. And while we're being nearly what say we give our fellow travelers a friendly wave hello, this is Main Street Station after all. >> Welcome to Main Street USA. >> As we're slowly approaching the station, please remain fully seated and fully for the train until the train comes to a full and complete stop and we all have heard the two magic words of all clear. Until then, please remain fully seated and fully for the train. I will say the two magic words first. One of the things at this time remained remain seated. Remain seated. We're backing up the train. Remain seated, please. We are backing up the train. >> Thank you. >> Listening is listening is hard. Remain seated. We have to adjust the train just a little bit. So, we will be backing the train up. I will say the magic words when it is time to disembark. Remain seated at this time. We're going to be back in motion adjusting the train. Remain seated and wait for the two magic words before disappointing. >> All clear. Have a great day. >> All right, here we go. Dr. Huh. Listening is hard, huh? Okay. Feel so sorry for the cast members. They must have the patience of what's the saying the patience of Job. They have to do that all day and just like deal with people not listening. You know, it's hard. And there's also language barriers involved sometimes, too. And obviously, they can't say remain seated in every language. So, it's hard. It's hard. But yeah, um I I knew when we heard the brakes like that, I was like, "Oh, we're going to You could I could tell by how hard they hit the brakes." I was like, "Oh, yeah. We're going to overshoot. Oh, >> it's hard. I don't This would be hard to judge exactly where to where to slow down. >> I want to go back up to the top to get some views from the platform while we wait for the flags. Somebody said rain was coming. We'll see. I did not bring my umbrella, so but that's all right. We're going we'll I think we will just go ahead since everything's so busy. We'll go ahead and go to 5:30 like I said and then um we'll do the I'll do the Mega Con vlog premiere on my way out. I can get home and spend some time with the family. But um Liam was at rehearsal all morning. He's got musical rehearsal, so I didn't get to see him this morning. So be nice to hang out with him a little bit and Steph of course. But yeah, >> so if you're curious too about the whistles, um I think a lot of people know this, but back u but all clear is just one whistle and then back up. Backup or issue is three whistles. If you hear if if the train stops and you hear three whistles, that means they're going to do something like they got to they got to adjust. If you hear one whistle, you're clear. But you obviously still need to wait till the cast member says so. But that's just if you if you're wondering what's about to happen. Let's go up here and get a good view real quick before they close it off. I don't know what time they close it off, but they close it off for the Starlight Parade at some point so that the VIP can stand up here. So, we're going to go watch the flag retreat in a few minutes. You can see they're already setting up for they got our honorary veteran there sitting it looks like in the wheelchair. So, that's very cool. They're telling him what to do. There's the flag waving in the breeze. Uh, no. I don't know. Jenna would have to do the Universals. I don't have a pass there anymore. Yeah, unfortunately. I I don't like to talk about it too much, but unfortunately because of what YouTube's done with the algorithm and what just some expenses we've had with our air conditioner going out earlier this year and that was about the price of a used car and then the uh it's almost like we have three car payments now. And then um and then just other expenses with medical stuff, Steph and I both and everything else. It's just we had to cut a lot of things. We cut streaming, we cut passes. I do have to renew my Disney pass here actually right now. I think it it well it actually expires on March 30th. So anyway, yep. So I'm I'm hoping to go back to Universal eventually, but I did get a survey from Universal about the annual pass program and how they could possibly offer Epic in the past. So they are definitely um they're definitely looking into it. Mom's doing well. Yep, she's doing well. She's doing a rehab for her left arm now because of the um brain bleed caused damage that made it harder for her to use her left arm. So, she's got to do therapy to make sure she gets all the all the use of it back. So, anyway, not to complain, just to let you know why I keep worrying about, you know, like, oh, I can't do Lightning Lane. I can't do this. I just have we just have to be careful. So, we just have to be a little careful. We're hoping YouTube will figure out that they are a long form video platform eventually and stop pushing shorts so hard and hopefully the algorithm will figure some things out. I've tried different things. You've seen I've tried clips from the streams and stuff cuz that was something that um chat GPT and Jim and I both recommended that I do clips and shorts from the streams and it didn't really work. So, oh well. I can stay up here for a while and move over so these nice people next to me can take a picture when I'm not in it. Hey, Ryan. Not too bad right here. Guys are using your uh using your custom resort TV1 emojis. Nice. You have about 10 minutes till flag retreat, so I'll probably go down here in a minute, but it's kind of nice to just enjoy this view for a second. >> Okay, let's turn up the quality a little bit. Hey Ryan, it's going great buddy. >> Casmore with the balloons is struggling with the wind. Yeah, I feel bad for him when the wind comes up. I think at certain point they do allow them to go in because it is just it becomes, you know, just too difficult, which is fine. They've got plenty of time to sell balloons when it's not windy. Air conditioning is not cheap. Last year we last replaced our condenser and was not cheap. No chump change. No, we had to replace our whole system because it was put in poorly by the builder. Don't ever get a house from Dr. Horton. Terrible. Terrible. The neighborhood is really nice. The build quality was awful. Um, I like our house, right? But like they did such a terrible job building it. Like it was like they must have had their worst people because there's all these issues that shouldn't have been. And the air conditioning guy showed me where they actually didn't flush the pipes correctly and and didn't prepare. There's certain things you have to do with copper pipes to prepare them properly and to make sure they're clean and everything else. And he said there was ton of residue inside the pipes. Meaning that that residue had gone around and around and around and eventually worn holes m you know holes that you can't see but holes enough that the you know that the coolant was leaking and all this kind of stuff and it messed up the basically the whole system. So it was uh I was really skeptical at first. I was like I don't why I don't believe you. Why is it going bad in 6 years and whatever you know? And he like he like actually showed me like here it is right here. Here's a hole. Here's a hole. And I was like, "Oh, yep." So, yeah, he showed me he was the air conditioning tech was very good. He showed me exactly what he Anyway, the point was it was because of Dr. Horton's bad installation. So, yes. Yeah, mine was the same, Megan. Mine was also 14K. Like I said, a nice used car. Used to be a new car for that, but not anymore. Anyway, let's not complain about money anymore. I'm just saying air conditioning is expensive. Yes, I agree with you. All right, let's go down and find a spot for the flag retreat at 5:00. I had a bad building inspection. Yeah, I guess. I don't know. I don't the one. Yeah, I think there there was there was some of that too, but a lot of it like even like concrete problems and stuff we had and they were like, "Yeah, I don't know." I was like, "Okay." You know, I guess I could have been like really hardnosed about it and been, you know, like, "No, you have to fix it no matter how much it cost, but who knows if they would have." They probably would have just said, "Sorry, we'll sell the house to somebody else." That that doesn't m that doesn't care. Cheaper for them probably to do that. I put in the bucket. >> Can I go over here? >> Um, just go around >> around. Okay. >> Thank you so much. All right. >> So, flag retreat coming up. I see. Maybe we can get one more ride in after We'll see. One more ride in before before the end of the stream. Let's see if there's any uh updates to the wait times. Let me look at my other app. This app, the Disney app is not updating. I think there must be a problem with the wait time system. It's not >> updating. >> Yeah, the system's okay. The system the wait time system is not working. None of my apps are updating. So, it's not just the Disney app. The back end is Yeah. Can you guys do you guys see any weight times? Cuz like they might be old wait times, but if I use other apps like the Mouse Times app and stuff, they're not updating. That tells me whatever they've got is not great. The inspectors get pressured by the builders. There's a whole section of YouTube for building inspectors finding messes. I bet >> somebody's messed up with our uh AC when X was little and he came in to find me and said, "Daddy's room is raining." I thought he was joking. We had rain in our kitchen one time with a pipe. uh was a a leak from the bathroom and that was luckily not bad. We had a really good drywall guy that came and fixed the damage to the ceiling when it where it came through, but uh he just he it was pretty good. Well, the plumbers came first to make sure all the pipes and everything were fixed, but they had to cut a hole in the ceiling and then the drywall guy came and he did such a great job. Um I left him a nice really big Google review with pictures showing like challenging anybody on he was so good. like if anybody's really good, I'm happy to like, you know, promote them because you you want good people that take pride in their work. But this guy um Miguel was his name. He um I put on the picture I said I challenge anybody to find the seam in this drywall work cuz I had the picture of before and after and you could see before where there was a hole in the ceiling and after where he had it patched up and you know even though even in the picture that you could tell where the hole used to be, you couldn't see the seams at all. Oh, he did such a great job. So, yeah, my YouTube recommendations have been infuriating. Yeah, I get that. So, the the app is showing weight times, but it's not I don't think they're updated. >> Yeah, we'll just have to go find out, I guess, after this. >> Good afternoon and welcome to Main Street, USA. In just a few minutes, we invite you to join us in Town Square for our flag retreat ceremony. Once again, this Magic Kingdom tradition will begin in just a few moments. >> Ken says, "You're such a good person. I like to think that the universe will make up for these speed bumps." Usually does. It's just been kind of a tough year or two, so we're waiting for that. waiting for that to to come around. But in the meantime, I'll I appreciate the sentiment for sure. I don't want to bore everybody with complaining. So, but I mean, good grief. I get to spend Saturday afternoon at Magic Kingdom. There's not much wrong with that. >> Yeah. You use your American flag emoji. That's right. I was just checking to see if there were any of our rides that we usually ride that are that were lower like Pirates or Haunted or something like that. Or I can just go do TTA one more time. >> I might just do TTA one more time. I just thought if Pirates was, you know, a decent wait time, I could do it. We do have the premiere at 5:30. I could always move it back if I need to. Okay. No, I think you're right. I think mine's back up too now. Pirates just updated to 30. So, I guess we'll just do GTA. Still 40 at Haunted. >> It's spring break. Oh, Pyro's showing 25. Oh, mine's showing 30. Wow. Yeah, mine's not updating still. Weird. >> Maybe it's cuz of my Maybe it's cuz I need to update my phone, too. Huh. Even when I click on it, it says 30 still. Great air conditioning in the emporium. Yeah. Yeah, there can be for sure. Especially when it's hot out here. >> All right, one minute. >> You want my TTA monsoon 2.0? I think we've had 2.0 already. I think it would be I don't know. I can't remember. I'll have to look it up, but I think it would be 3.0 at this point. kind of wish I was seven minutes away from Pirates. I know that's the best, right? >> Yes. Yes. I would even say 5:00. >> It should be starting soon. >> Flowers look good. Of course, this where the Christmas tree is part of the year >> in November and December and part of January. It's always funny that Christmas kind of overlaps the years because of, you know, having Christmas a little bit after New Year's and then you can you can say that like you'll see the Christmas stuff later this year. >> Those blue blue flowers. Okay, here we go. Hello everyone. We are the Dapper Dance and on behalf of Main Street Operations and our Magic Kingdom of Security Cole Guard, we are pleased and proud to welcome you to today's flag retreat ceremony here in Town Square. Our Town Square flag retreat ceremony is one of our original Magic King traditions. We are honored that you have taken time from your day today to become part of that tradition with us. >> And now, please join us in saying the Pledge of Allegiance. I pledge algiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. And now our national anthem. We love the heart. Oh, say can you see by the dawn early night, what so proudly we and the twilight last stripes and bright stars Mira or the rampards we watch were together and the rock came through the night and I was Oh, sing for the land of the free and the heart. And now, please join us in singing God Bless America. God bless America. Send desire and guide her through the night with the light from above. From the mountain to the to the ocean I ma God. My We are privileged to have with us today a very special armed forces honored representative. Please join us in welcoming from the United States Army, Sergeant Richard Aenzo from Huntington Station, New York. Thank you for your service. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you for joining us on today's Martin ceremony. We hope you enjoy the rest of your day here at the magic. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. again. Thank you so much. Heat. Heat. around. Heat. Heat. All right. I was thinking about doing people mover. I don't know if I have time or not. I guess I could push the premiere back to like 5:40 or something. Let me do that really quick. That way we won't run out of time. Give me just a second. a premiere at 5:30, but I'd like to do one more maneuver. Everything else >> ending at 5:30 or 540 or 540. >> All right. Sorry, I was telling Steph what I was doing. Yeah. So, let me change the uh premiere so if I can get on people mover one more time because everything else is kind of busy and that's my favorite ride. So, all right. We do have Mega Con vlog coming up. So, let me just let me just switch it out for a little later. As long as I don't mess it up and like start premiering it in the middle of the stream, which I have done before. So, need to make sure I get the right >> Okay, today is the date. >> Wait, no. Oh, did I have the wrong date on it? Did I have Sunday on it? Hold on. I think I had Sunday on it anyway. Okay, let me try something. All right, we'll do 5:40. Technology is hard. 5:40 p.m. There we go. Okay, I had the wrong time on it, too. I'm glad I checked that. It was actually not set to premiere till tomorrow. Okay, so let's check that one more time. Oh, that breeze is wonderful. Okay. March 28, 5:40. Good. All right. We have time now. We got all the time we want. We got a time machine, right, Doc? >> Yeah. I had it set for Sunday. How funny. So yeah, I know we didn't get a lot of rides done today, but it is spring break and >> busy and all that kind of stuff. It's okay. But yeah, everything else is still pretty busy. That pirate's still showing 30. Okay. I can't wait to try Buzz Lightyear. Apparently, the scenery is mostly the same except for the preview pre-show being different. But other than that, >> we are >> pretty much the same, which I'm excited to see how the blasters work and where the new targets are. It'll be like, not will be like, it will be like it will be a whole new game. A whole new game. Oh, people move her down. She's not moving. Uh Ryan Dogamo99 lemon character offering a gift to baby lemon. Oh, thank you so much, Ryan. That's cute. Oh. Oh, no. It's just It's just currently stopping maybe. Or is it done? Is it down for the count? Oh, it's showing down. All right. Well, so much for that. It has been having trouble all day today. >> All right. Well, well, I'll just put the premiere back to 5:30 and we'll just whatever. It's down down. >> All right. But we'll we'll do it next time then. >> Oh, good. Oh, let's just stroll. All right. I don't want to change it again. We'll keep it 540. I don't want to mess it up. Yes. It's a people. It's just people. People stopper people. What's a people mover without moving? It's just people. Uh the ride before Oh, yeah. Bit was a dream flight. Yeah. went in I believe Buzz Lightyear went in in 94 around that time 90 something. I don't know. I'd have to look that up. But I I did really enjoy Dream Flight, but I I do like Buzz Lightyear as well. Dream Flight was one of those rides you can get on anytime. That's probably why they replaced it. But it's still it was a great great fun ride. Um and it was just I don't know. It's just a cute little dark ride, you know? It's just kind of just what they needed there. Simple, easy, and ad for Delta. at least Delta's still around. Uh, if you had wings that was there before was an ad for Eastern Airlines, which doesn't exist anymore. >> So, Astros 45, so no go on that. We'll just stroll. Let's stroll. We haven't gone this way yet. We haven't really gone through Fantasy Land very much. So, let's just stroll this way. Walk this way. Yep. If you had wings with the OG. And in fact, according to uh what mom and dad said back in the day and several other people who said the same thing too back, by the way, this used to be a ticket booth. That's the only ticket booth still left. >> Each each side of the was a window. Each place where the TV is was a little ticket window. Um and for a while they were little camera centers. Obviously, they don't need that anymore. You get film and stuff, but anyway. um if you had wings back when they had um you know ABCD and E tickets was one of the only rides you could just go on without a ticket because it was an advertisement for Eastern. You could come here, you could get in the park. Either there was no charge or the charge to get in the park was very cheap. I can't remember which one. Oh yeah. So I don't know. But yeah, there's anyway there was either no charge or a low charge. But um but yeah, they um so then they uh of course they you know when they when they did away with the tickets, it was still free to go on. But yeah, that was uh one of the OGs that was you could go on at any time with no ticket. James Han, 29 months of opera platinum. Hi Josh. So much going on today. I only passed in and out a couple times. I saw the premiere coming up. Going to try and watch. which I loved if you had wings, but you're right. It was a complete Eastern Airlines commercial. Yeah, that's why it was free. You got it. But thank you, James. Appreciate you being a platinum member for so long. That is so so super kind. So, thank you. I love me. Let's go over this way. Stroll under the canopy for Tron as a prelude to Megaon. Yeah, I guess I could says, "You like strolling like this?" I have a whole channel, Resort TV 24/7. It's got a 24-hour strolling stream and a 24-hour ride stream that has fireworks every night at 9:00. Different fireworks every night at 9:00 p.m. Now, if my if if my internet goes bad, the fireworks don't happen at 9:00 if my internet's not working. So, sorry about that. Uh because I have a backup there's a backup stream that happens and that one doesn't have the ability to do the fireworks on it. You can watch both of this. You said you can only pick one. You can watch both if you want. There's two different devices. I still play the raintorm video on 24/7 as total goto. Yeah, it's a fun one. I I hope that I get to film another one of those sometime. It's really hard to time it, you know, when you're in a really good place and there's a steady rain. I guess in the summer if I really just set out and said, "Okay, today I'm going to film stuff, but also if it rains in the afternoon, I'm going to film a, you know, rainstorm." So, and then just kind of park myself in a in a nice place and just let it go. >> That one was good, though, because there wasn't a lot of extra noise. I happened to be in a place where there's just was very quiet and I was able to cut out the small interruptions of noise, so that helped. Happy Saturday. All the hoppers and moppers. Yeah. Happy Saturday. There's Goofy and Minnie. Oh, that's fun. You don't see them together much. >> Oh, fun. Boy, there's quite the line for them >> all the way back there. How fun. >> The great Guini. He's got his Guini outfit on. >> All right, we'll go through Tron and we'll head out to Main Street. You got soaked for us. Yeah, I did. Oh, they refurbing this. Wow. So, they are. How interesting. Hey, Colin. >> The wind is almost strong enough. It's almost blowing my hat off, which is fine. I'm not on a coaster. Like, I can just go back and pick it up. But still kind of funny. >> Yeah. Stick with us. Um at 5:40 now, cuz I updated it. There's gonna be a Mega Con vlog that Liam and I did. Let me text Steph to have her put it on for Liam >> so he can see it, too. It's just a second. >> Yeah, we're gonna go on it. It's going to be a little bit more intense now. >> Be sure to put on the uh Mega Con vlog premiere at 5:40. Yeah, that's a dec that's a decent line. >> Let's go this way. >> Great place for a rain stream is under the photographer umbrella directly across the river from Rivers of Life. I was trapped there for an hour. Oh, there you go. Yeah, some place where there's just not a lot of traffic, but you wouldn't get super wet. >> I'm flexible. I'll text you in a bit. >> All right, here we go. >> Yeah, if you're just joining, we're wrapping up, but we are walking through Tron here real quick. I don't know if you guys have noticed too, I've had the quality up super high for a little while. Ever since I got to the flag retreat ceremony, I turned it up really, really high. So, you should be seeing very clear picture right now. If not, you probably aren't on 1440p. Sometimes the shadows make the picture look a little less sharp if I'm looking into the sun or something, but should in general look pretty sharp. Hey, Disney Wolf freak. >> A Tron update. Update. It's open. >> Thank you. >> Cheers. I'm a chicken line. Thanks for the update. Yeah, you're welcome. That's what I'm here for. >> Just switched to 1440. Wow. Yeah, it's a good reminder. Sometimes your device doesn't auto select the best resolution. So, go into settings and select 1440p. It's a huge difference. It's a lot more pixels than 1080p. So, should be a lot of a lot a big difference. More pixels means better picture. No, the moat is not filled up yet. They're still painting. They've got some um some turrets. I did that at the beginning of the video if you want to rewind, but they had some turrets to still paint. You have a video of trying to play while you're in the area. I could. I don't know if you guys want to do that or not. You can let me know. A lot of times people don't like riding the ride if I didn't actually go on it physically. But if you guys want to, I can. It's only 2 minutes. So, let me know if you want to or no. Obviously, I can't ride it. It's like 80 something minutes. I can, but that would mean I would be here a lot longer, but I'm not going to do that. Heat. Heat. Oh, you can select 1440, but your monitor is only 1080. Yeah. So then there would No, there wouldn't be any difference then. I've only seen a couple people say yes, so I don't know. All right, I got to I got to get going out to Main Street here pretty soon. I mean, I don't have to I don't have to end from there. Oh, the wind is trying to take my gimbal out of my hand. That was intense. I really had to grab it. All right, let's ride Tron. I'll be right back. It's only like two minutes. >> Oh, here we go. Prepare for team blue light cycle run upload sequence. Remember, hold on, keep your head up and face. Initiate in 3 2 1. First energy captured. 3. Congratulations users. A championship performance and victory for team blue. I'm not I'm not Oh, welcome back. All right, we got to head out. It's been great. Been fun. Been real fun. Hope you guys enjoyed that. Short and sweet. Is it over yet? It's hard with a roller coaster cuz you're going so fast. The track goes by fast. But yeah, I know. But it is pretty much a carbon copy of the Shanghai one, I think, with Shanghai. So, in 8 minutes, we're going to send you over to the premiere of Mega Con, and I would love to see every single person over there. It was a fun vlog. Liam and I had an amazing time, and I would love for you to watch with me. I'm going to go grab a cookie and a Coke and watch the uh watch the video. So, it's fun. The video, the Meccon video is about 30 minutes, so it does have a lot of really cool stuff in it. And uh yeah, I think you'll like it. It's very action-packed. There's a lot of things to see. So, all you have to do, it's going to redirect you over there. If you've never done this before, your device may come up with a little popup that says, "Do you want to go to this next event?" A Resort TV one sending their viewers to another video. Just hit okay or hit go now or whatever. I think it's go now. Um should pop up on your phone, your computer, your TV. Sometimes it'll auto forward you, but most of the times you have to click go now or okay or something. But yeah, uh that will happen and then there'll be a little premiere. There'll be a chat just like here after the premiere. It'll send you to my 24/7 ride channel. So stay tuned and it'll send you from the premiere to the 24/7 ride channel and then you can keep the magic going and chat over there too. It was a fun stream. I'm glad you guys enjoyed it. I'd >> love to see everybody over there. >> Megacon. >> Like Megatron, >> but it's a con. We will. You will get to see Megatron. The voice actor that is. That people move still down. >> Hope they figured it out. Always appreciate your stream. Thanks, Mike. Appreciate you, >> Streamfinder. Thanks for bringing us along, Jos. Have a good one. You too, Streamfinder. You, too. We got a couple more minutes. We're not done yet. >> Yeah, I know. People mover does does tend to say that it never stops. Allegedly, normally it doesn't stop. They should change that to most of the time it doesn't stop. >> No, I do not. Do you want me to go? >> Oh, that one's moving. Oh. Oh, that that one's moving by itself. Nothing else is moving. That's weird. H. This one's not moving. That one is moving. That one's going to hit something. It's kamicazi. Kamicazi people mover. >> Weird. >> How is Hi. How is that one going by itself? Weird. Here comes another one. Oh, there. They're all moving now. Okay, look at that. It's alive there. That one's finally moving now. That was weird. They all started moving at different times. >> I guess that's I guess that is how kind of how it works. They do there's enough space they can start moving at different times. That was just weird. It was like a long time that one was moving by itself. >> Slept all day and missed the stream. I'll go back and watch it and then I can hype the video. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. I'll definitely watch Mega Con. Yeah. And the ride stream. Thank you, Michelle. I appreciate that. I'm glad you got some rest. Appreciate you guys hyping and liking the videos. It definitely helps. So, we need all the help we can get with YouTube being silly about stuff and trying to be Tik Tok. So, we need we need help. YouTube's like, "What? We need more shorts." I'm like, "No, we don't. We don't need more. >> We don't need more of those. Oh, >> Conano, composer of Tank, is going to be performing at a con, a rare USA appearance. That's cool. I love uh I love Tank. That's a a great um that is a great show and a great uh song. We played it in jazz band. And also that's our dog's name and the joy in the stream even just three and a half hours. Yeah. three well three and a half hours is uh definitely still a great fun time at Magic Kingdom. So, I hope you enjoyed it. So, I am going to see you guys very soon. Um Jenna will see you Monday. I will see you Tranquil Tuesday. We'll see where we go. I don't know. See if we can go somewhere different maybe. So, all right. Have a great afternoon everybody. Be sure to check out all of our awesome sponsors. Let's see. We got to talk about Davis DBC Rentals, DBCrequest.com/tv. If you want to rent a DBC room for a fraction of the cost, check out davdbc rentals. We've got uh Behind the Ride on Amazon and Disney Demystified on Amazon, go check them out. Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Go check them out. We also have um let's see, we talked about Resort TV1 Homes. Um we also have uh Dream Table. Go check them out. If you want to get hard to find reservations for your favorite restaurant, just go to dreamtable.co or Dreamtable on the App Store. Dreamtable on the App Store. Go check it out. Um, and then we have um, let's see. Oh, uh, Layer 1 Technology support at layer 1 technology.com if you need it support for your small or mediumsiz business. We also have platinum members. Haley Noel LeBlanc just joined back. Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Stephanie Mertz, Love, Go Mini, Dian 515, Jack Spar, Sorcerer, Mickey, My Crazy Grunup, Life, Check, Polly, The Amazing, Jayla, Mox, Lisa, Kinder, Ronnie, Will Miller, Chris Black, James on, Ali, Verisson, Alan J. Thanks everybody. We'll see you on the premiere. Moppers can post the link and it should automatically send you over. I got to move this. There we go. All right, so my selfie cam was blocked, but anyway, thank you for joining me. Uh it's been an awesome day at Magic Kingdom and uh glad we got to see such great views of the parade and you know we rode at least we rode people mover and and the train and we had a great time. So thank you for being here and then we got to stroll and just enjoy a beautiful day. So we'll see you on the Mega Con the Mega Con vlog. Uh Dave Graphic Wolf just became a member. Thank you Dave for becoming a member. All right everybody, we will see you soon. Thank you moppers for mopping. Thank you hoppers for hopping and thank you everybody for being here. See you on the vlog. It should auto forward you. So stay on. All right everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
