---
video_id: sLde-oDTZBc
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: OPENING DAY of Epcot Flower & Garden Festival 2026 - Walt Disney World Live Stream -3-4-26"
published: 2026-03-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLde-oDTZBc
---
The heart of everything we'll be doing in Disney World will be our experimental prototype suit of the morning. We call it Epcot. >> Walt Disney believed that imagination would lead humanity to achieve the impossible. Epcot was built on that dream. a celebration of our world and its promise. Today, we invite you to share in that celebration and hope that you too will be inspired by the magic of possibility. For your safety, please walk to your destination. Thank you and enjoy the Epcot International Flower and Garden Festival. Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live here for the opening day of Flower and Garden Festival here at Epcot. We're so excited to be here. Welcome in. Before we get too far into the video, I want to make sure everybody hits that subscribe button. Make sure you're subscribed and the notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. All right, guys. Welcome in. So, we are in line for the merch. Got to go check out the merch first at the festivals. Uh so, the line that's moving now is for the um attractions and then there's two lines. One to the right of us is for pens. And we are in the regular flower and garden merch line. So, we're excited. Hi, Amy. Hi, Jay. Hey, Benjamin. Heather, Iheart, Disney, Nebraska, Mom, Amy, Moore, Max is here, David, Courtney, Ally, Jay, Jay, hello, Anthony, Nicole, Catalina, Candy, Nia, hello, Lisa, Darl, Victoria, If You Can Dream It, M. Mara is here as well. So, we are excited. As soon as this line goes, they're going to take us. >> Cannot wait. We got mom and dad here with me today. Mom, are you excited to go shopping? >> Yes. Dad, too, of course. >> Maybe. Maybe a new hat. I don't know. We'll see. Hello everybody. Hey Disney fanatic. >> Tail, Mary, Ellen, Heather. >> It is a great >> remain where you are. We'll be moving shortly. We appreciate your patience. >> All right, we're moving shortly. Good morning, Allison, Francisco, Sparkle Queen. Uh, hello everybody. Hey, Melissa. Sorry if I missed you. Hi, Lynn. DBC Andy, how are you? Just watched the 5K video. You did say there's a new stitch topiary. Yes, there's a new stitch top. >> We're going to go check it out. I'm excited. >> We saw it on the race, but it was dark, so you know. Yes. Shopping with mom and dad. That's right. Hey, Mel. >> All right, we're starting to go. Here we go, everybody. >> DVC. And Indie says, "Hello." >> All right, here we are going. >> No, it's the Flower and Garden Festival. >> Have a great day, guys. >> Yep. Here we go. to the shops. >> Hey, Tinker Tail John. Hey, Kristen. It is the best. It's my favorite festival of all. I love them all, but this one's my favorite. Hey, old Mr. Young Dude, tell me. Old Mr. Young Dude says, "Happy Wednesday." Or, sorry, not Yes. Happy Wednesday and Garden Festival. Shout out to Fudge Nuts and Popsicles. Thank you so much, old Mr. young dude for the $5 super chat. Really, really appreciate that. Thank you so much. Hey, Justenta. How are you? >> Hi, Karen. All right, we're going straight. >> All right, so we're going to go get in the line. I don't think it's going to be bad, though. I know. We're going to find out. Yeah, it's going to be good. We'll see. I love this bike the bee trash can. Oh my goodness, that's so cute. >> Look at that trash can. I love it. >> Cool. I think we're going right in. Hey, how are you? Good. Nothing like the the rush of the >> sort of a festival. I agree. Oh, >> hey. >> Almost made it. >> Disney traers. >> We are so close. I'm excited. I already see the Loungefly bag. That is cute. Hi, Alan Jay. So excited that you're here. Welcome in. >> Hi, Jonathan. >> We're so close we can smell it. >> That's a guy. >> All right. >> Hello. I see the spike the beat bag. It's really cute. >> Good morning, beauty. >> Are they easy calling it? >> Yay. Here we go. >> Thank you. All right. Oh, I see the ears. I'm just going to go right over here cuz it's going to be less squishy. So pretty. Look. All right. Well, we're grabbing a pair of ears cuz I have to. We got to find a good one, though. Oh, Dad got a Look, Dad's ready. Okay, I think I found a good pair. >> Add to cart. I know. Oh, isn't it cute? >> Yeah. >> How much is it? >> Was that a lounge fly or >> this? I think so. It's 75. Yep, it's a lounge fly. >> That's really cute though. >> Oh my goodness. >> And it's a good size. Like it holds >> it holds a pretty good amount of things. >> Yeah, that would be too >> quite a bit in the front there, couldn't it? >> And this is cute, too. Um, it's the round bag that they've been doing lately. >> It's cute, but I like this one better for sure. >> That's pretty cool. >> Hi, Disney Mama. How are you today? Happy first day of the festival, Jenna. Thank you. Hello, West Paul. This is Benjamin. Joe, cool. Nicole, love the ears. Yes, love the ears. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Thank you. >> Pick a good one. >> Of course I did. >> Of course she did. >> I brought the basket. >> He did bring the basket. Look at that. All right, there's more to see. Are we ready? Uh-oh. Dad says that was just the beginning. Good morning, Pam. Hi, Karen. Waiting for me to say Spike the Bee. Mom actually remembered the Spike the Bee song this morning. We were uh talking about Spike here. I'll show you what my outfit I have on today. I have Spike B. I got my ears from a couple years ago. The ears this year are so cute. All right, let's go in this over here. Check it out. Oh, the dress. I feel like this is from last year. Is it not? >> That is cute, isn't it? Oh, this is cute. Oh my goodness. >> It's just plain, but it's really cute. >> Yeah. >> $59.99. >> Be good for when you came in this morning. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. True. Good point, Dad. Um, looks like they've got passholder stuff over here. Oh, this is cute. Mom, look at this one. >> Oh, that's really cute. >> A little orange bird on the back. $36.99. >> Definitely shorts. >> I mean, you can get shorts, too. It's fine. >> They have the passholder shirt. Love that. The front just has that little guy on the front. Oh, look at the hat. >> Hi, Flowers. How are you? >> This is fun, too. >> 11.99 magnet. Let's see the price. >> It's for passholders. >> It's like a side backpack. >> It is, you adorable. >> Look at that. Yep. $24.99. We've also got the magnet over here. All right, Mom. Let's get out of this craziness. We'll go to the next craziness. This way. Oh, they have a tank top. Oh, that's so cute. I do love that. >> Uhhuh. Something. Oh, look at this, Mom. Oh my goodness. How cute are they? >> Oh my goodness. >> Oh my word. Okay, >> so this is for the um what's it called? The >> expert. >> It's for the uh Spike the Beast scavenger hunt. So, we're going to have to get one of those. >> Yes, we are. >> Uh-huh. I might need more than one. >> Limit two. >> Oh, well, there you go. Limit. Oh, I think it's these. >> Oh, you think so? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Hi, Diana. This is cute. >> That's cute. >> Oh, it's for your little Post-it notes. $16.99. >> Okay, let's go see what's in here. We lost Dad. There he is. It's It's a Well, they have more Spike the Bees. >> Look. >> Yeah, they're back. Spike the Bee is back, guys. He's sold out last year. He's 27.99. I already have them, so I'm good to go. >> Look at these ears, Mom. >> Oh, hello. How are you? >> I'm doing fine. These were um >> somewhere >> last year's ears and they're a little bit different. They're like lighter colored. Last year's were darker >> and they sold out so fast. >> They're cute. >> Aren't they cute? >> Yeah. >> Adorbs. >> All right. Hi, Snoopy girl. How are you? Hello, awesomeness. Jonathan, sorry if I missed your hello. >> There it is. Jen the garden with no shirts on top right here. This one right here. Oh, that's cute. >> Mhm. >> It's cute. It's a little bit cropped though, which might work for you, but you can check it. >> Yeah. Let's see. >> It might be too short for me, but for mom it might work. >> You think so? Yeah. >> Does it work for you? Yeah. Okay, cool. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> That's the extra small. >> Oh my goodness. They have a spike to be Guys, look a spike the beehon ornament. Yep, that's an add to cart cuz ours is ours is uh fading fast. $44.99. Oh my goodness, he's so cute. I love him. Oh, hi. Yeah, you're welcome. >> Thank you so much. >> Thank you. Appreciate that. Where you from? >> Um actually here. >> Perfect. That's awesome. Nice to meet you. >> It's nice to meet you, too. Keep doing what you're doing. >> Thank you so much. We will have a good day. Thank you. >> Oh my goodness. This is adorable. >> Hi. How are you? >> How you doing? >> Good. Shopping. You know, you can't go wrong. >> I love your >> Thank you. Thank you so much. >> Orange is like to be >> I love that. Well, they're both cute. You can't go wrong. >> Oh my word. I love that. Do you want to say hi on the stream or No, >> up to you. >> You don't have to. No worries. Okay, >> you can do it. >> All right. No worries. Enjoy your day today. >> Look how cute Orange Bird is. And he's got If you look at his glasses, you can see the reflection of Spaceship Earth. That is adorable. And here's the back. >> What do you think, J? That's a small extra one she's got right there. >> I think extra would be fine. The only thing is if it's too short. >> Thank you so much. live streamer. So, >> a thank you. >> Enjoy Orange Bird Day. I know it's Flower and Garden, but I >> Flower and Garden. Orange Bird, Spike the Bee, all of them, right? >> Exactly. Have fun. >> Thank you. >> I think extra small. >> Yeah, >> you can always try it on later. >> Here's the Spike the Bee one. Okay, that's adorable. Oh my goodness. Look at him in his little beehive. Hello, John. Hi Disney files. Hey Benjamin. >> I do like this one. >> That is really cute. Is it short? Trying to figure this out. >> It's a little short. >> Here. It's a lawn ornament and I kind of need him. I Well, I got one in years past and he's all faded now. >> Um Kristen sent 1999. Happy birthday to my husband Rob. Also, hope you, mom and dad, have a great time at the first day of the Flower and Garden Festival. Thanks, Kristen. That's so sweet. Thank you so much. And happy birthday to Rob. I hope you have the best day ever celebrating. >> There's this one, too, Mom. >> Okay, with Spike. >> Yeah, it is cute. >> Hey, if you can dream it. >> Very cute. Oh, there's this one, too. >> This one's cute. Whoops. As I drop it down. >> It's very cute. I love little spike there on the side. >> Yeah, that's the large. >> 36.99. Cool. >> Got to head it on. >> You got it on. >> Let's go see what's over here. >> All right. >> There's a shirt right here. Oh my goodness. Look at him. Look how cute. You might need that, Dad. >> That is really fun. >> That's really fun. I like that. It is $36.99. Good job, Mom. >> Spiked Dubby. Spiked Dubby. All right, let's go see what's over there. What an awesome spirit. >> So many things to look at. I don't know where to go. Hey, William. I think the only thing we haven't seen is this mug. It's really cute. I like it. Looks like um the orange squirrel. He's so cute being cool. Hello, Vicki. >> Yes. Spread the spring vibes. Oh, this is fun. Little stakes for your garden or in your plant. That here's the little crop top. Adorable. And then what do we have over here? What are these plant magnets? Okay. Put them on your Oh my word. You put them on your plants. Mom, look at this. Check this out. >> Plant magnets. >> You actually put them on your plant. >> 16.99. Plant magnets. >> What? Oh, wow. >> Well, they're magnets, so you just magn them magnet them to your plant. >> Oh, >> interesting, right? >> Yeah. Yeah. >> No, they might. >> Good morning, Amanda. Hi, Gail. >> Yeah, they might. >> That's really cute. >> Oh, it is >> the new hat. Oo, >> shirt. >> Oh, yeah. This is a cute shirt, too. >> Yeah, >> that's a fun one. >> Hi, Spider Bro. How are you? >> Get one. No, >> there's a Mickey one up there, too. Did you see the Mickey one? >> No. >> This one's cute, too. Little rain coat. Yep. >> Oh, it is. >> They do look like croc charms, but they're they're not crocs. They're uh >> they're magnets. >> There you go. >> This is cute. Yeah. >> Which door? >> $31.99. Um, it's the orange uh swirl. >> Oh, orange swirl. >> Yeah, that is cute. I do like that. >> And it actually Oh, okay. Yeah. No, I see it says flower and garden on the back. >> Is it? >> Oh, yeah. >> Nice. >> Cute lot of neat ones. I like the sweatshirt, you know. >> I know. Isn't that fun? >> Yeah. >> Hey, Amanda. >> Um, it's right there. That is a passholder hat. >> It's a passholder hat >> right here. Byron. >> The passholder shirt is fun, too. >> Let's see. >> Mickey. >> Mickey. >> Dad's trying to decide. >> That is plant is flowers. Yeah, plant flowers. >> Happy birthday, Gail. >> Hope you have a great day. Hey, fetching some popsicles. Shout out. >> Oh, Mr. Young Dude, the flower magnets are super cool. >> Super cool >> because I looked at it and then I held it up to the >> I do really like these ears and I am getting them. So, we're good to go. >> Okay, let me make sure I got a good pair of ears. >> Okay, >> cuz I found a really good pair right here. I don't think I need to be okay. >> Mom, which one's better? This one or this one? I think maybe that one's better. >> Looks pretty good to me. >> Looks more balanced. >> Yep. That's what I thought, too. >> All right, guys. We got this. Hi, Jen. The ears are awesome, aren't they? >> Every day. >> I can be wrong. >> I really appreciate. >> Yep. These These are the ones. These are the ones. >> All right, guys. Well, I think that's all the merch. Oh, they have this bag, too. This is from last year. Very cute. Very fun. That is a fun shirt. Dad found a a regular Epcot shirt. Hi, Karen. Hi, Emma. Happy birthday. Carfi DM loves the ears. And so they are loungefly. The bow comes off. So they are a little bit more because they are a loungefly, but these are a definite need cuz spikes on there. These maybe I know. I did that last year too and then they sold out. >> Love the orange bird ears. >> Orange bird and spike. Are you getting that one? >> I like the color. >> Yeah, it's a nice shirt. >> Mom's trying to see which needs a smaller. Okay. >> What do you think? >> Hello, Disney freak. So, I don't think the pins are in here. >> There's plenty. So, you could Yeah, I think you'd fit in a small. >> Yeah, >> I'll go. >> I was just thinking in terms of washing and drying. >> Oh, got you. >> We'll see. >> Yeah, I'll try I'll try. >> All right, guys. Um, okay. So, >> I guess that's it for flower and garden. >> That's it. >> Where's Where's your basket? >> I know that will be for later. >> Later. I I get that. I get that. >> My son would say carrying them. >> It's funny. They do have the flowers over here, >> which I I got mom. I got mom Winnie. And I got myself, of course, Stitchy. >> Yes. >> So, and then you got her the um Minnie Mouse one. >> Yeah. So, mom's got >> a little vase on the top. And then she bought some carrots the other day at somewhere. >> Fake carrots. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. >> So, I stuck them in the front and the back. >> A cute. I love that. That's awesome. >> It looks good. >> Love it. >> Very cute. >> They look really good. >> I know. They're adorable. So, I got Stitch and then I had to get Dale, which I'm glad I did cuz it looks like Dale is sold out. >> Oh, >> so good thing I got Dale. >> Okay. You want to put in there? Oh, what's Yeah, >> I can buy I can >> Is that the one? >> Those are the ones. >> Is that D? >> Oh, yeah. Look, you found two. There's two left. I already got one, so I'm good to go. >> You got this one and Minnie. >> Minnie was sold out. >> Mhm. >> There you go. >> Yeah. I bet that yours will sell out fast. Yes. Add to cart. >> Hi, Craig's Robotics. >> I have >> You have them all. That's so cool. >> I have Poo. >> Poo and Minnie. >> Poo and Minnie. >> Sorry. Hi. >> Love your videos. Oh, thank you so much. >> Yeah, they have Yeah, you have poo. >> Look, guys. They have these guys. Wishables. >> They're adorbs. >> We've got Pooh. >> Yep. >> We'll have to get a bigger vase. >> You have Poo and Minnie. >> Poo and Minnie in the vase now. Yeah. >> And I thought, well, I need a Dale. >> We have a Dale. >> We do. >> He's real. >> But yeah, if you want him, you can get him. >> Put him in with a carrot. Also, we should go check out up front. Yeah, there's no Doney this year. There's no lug this year. Um, I will show you the uh salt and pepper trash cans. So, there's an orange bird and then there's a spike the bee. So, there are two of them and they're really cute. I love this one. I mean, they're both cute, but I love my Spike. All right. So, what else, Mom? >> Are we good to go? >> Okay. >> Well, let's go this way. This one might be less crowded to check out. >> Thanks for being here, everybody. Spot the like. Share out the stream. Let everybody know we are live for the opening day of Flower and Garden Festival. >> I love this mug. >> It's like a travel mug, but it's so cute. This is so me. Park Days and Latte. >> 100% me. >> Yep. >> Is it plastic or No, it's >> ceramic. Ceramic. Okay. >> And it's travel. I wish it was just a mug. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Uhhuh. >> Then I might buy it. Yeah, it's neat. It's nice. >> Might. >> All right. So, >> yeah. Look, there's no line. >> And this reminds me some old mugs we used to have for all the >> We totally used to buy all these mugs on our trips. >> Mhm. >> Is the Orange Bird lug there from >> before? Um, yes, they do have the Orange Bird lug. That's the Spike the Bee. >> Oh, Lounge Fly last year. All the sneezes. >> Here is the orange bird lug. They do still have him. >> Right there. >> We have him. He's cute. >> Is that the year one? Is that from this year or No, >> it's just a general orange bird. Yeah, >> I have. >> We do. You do? I thought I did. >> But last year they had an orange bird and spike the bee. >> That was it. >> So, you do have spike the bee. Thank you so much. >> All right, >> deal. You guys go. I'll meet you somewhere. >> So, >> I got it. Where? >> Okay, we'll figure it out later. Okay, >> I'll find you. Just tell me. I'll text you find you if you want to go online. I'll be there. >> Okay, sounds good. Well, these are new. I just have to see what this is. >> What is it? >> Peanut butter M&amp;M cookies. >> Oh my. >> In a whole tin. >> Yeah, it wasn't $25. >> I know. It's cuz of the tin. >> That's ridiculous. >> It's the 10 you're paying for now. I'll I'll change you. >> Okay, sounds good. >> All right, Mom. >> Okay, >> where are we heading to? >> Okay. >> Okay, sounds good. Hello, Grammy. Can you tell me a little bit about the Spike the bee scavenger hunt? Oh, yeah. So, um you get the map and it gives you stickers and then you go around looking for Spike all around, I think, the World Showcase. And then um you bring it back and then they'll give you your prize or they can stamp it early and give you your prize, you know, beforehand. And I think I'm going to have to get it before we go cuz they're really cute. They're little flowers that dance. >> Oh, >> let's see if we can go show them one more time. It's over here. >> I saw it on um >> Okay, we're going to go see if we can show you guys. Hi, Chris. How are you? $11.99 each. Oh, is that what it is for the flower? Spike the beast. Gamarant. Let's go this way. >> So, it's right here. Everybody's looking at it cuz it's adorable. Maybe we should tell dad to add to cart right away. One of these flowers. >> Oh yeah. >> What do you think? Which one do you want, Mom? >> Figment. >> Orange bird. >> They are not sticky. >> Okay. Oh, they're not sticky notes. >> They're not They're not sticky notes. >> There's Figment, Orange Bird, Mickey, or Spike. >> Just hold them all together. >> Right. >> No, you can you can decide. >> My wife just like >> I'm getting Spike. However, I do like Figment cuz he's >> I like the purple flower. >> That is pretty cool. >> Orange bird's cute, too. Darn it. >> You don't know. >> No, no, you you tell them which one you want. >> They put all this on. >> Well, you go you do it at the counter. >> Yeah. Buy that card. They stamp and give you one >> and then you pick it, right? Yeah. Okay, cool. Yep. That's Yeah. Thank you. Have a good day. >> Hi, Adam. Hey, Hersshel and Margie. Hey, Marshall. >> Huh? >> Yeah, it is cute. They're all so cute. >> They know how to do it. >> As you said, many times. >> Mhm. >> All right, let's go this way. I know so many people. >> Yeah, we um we got a little booklet. So, we're going to be able to show um some of the food for sure here in a little bit. Okay, looks like dad is about done. So, that worked out. Here he comes. >> Hi, Bryce. >> Happy birthday. >> Thanks. You too. Here. There he is. Let's wait on him. I see him. >> Thank you so much. >> All right, let's go see um Stitch. His topiary is this way. >> I'm so excited to see him. >> Oh, wow. For Starbucks. >> Wow. All right. What ears do I have on today? Okay, let me show you. Do a little selfie. Hello. So, these are from I think 2023. Several years ago, I got these. I got a little Spike, which they are selling again this year. He is a shoulder pal. And then, well, I have a Flower Garden shirt on, but it was kind of chilly, so got the long sleeves for now. Hey, Tim. Spiked Duby. Spiked Dubby, where can he be? Oh, where can he be? We have Lightning McQueen and Toe Mater over here. They're so cute. So cute. Hello from Nashville. Just found your stream loving flower and garden. Thank you so much for being here. Welcome in. Hit that subscribe button if you have not already. Love to add you to the resort hopper family. That's so fun. Look at them. >> Hersel and Margie say hello. Mom and dad. >> Hersel. Margie. Hi. >> Thanks, Brownie. Y >> the weather is humid. >> It's a bit humid, but it's um hopefully we'll clear off. We'll see. >> Yeah. Oh, here comes Star-Lord. What's he doing? Just >> checking out the He's got this. You know how to >> Totally. 100%. >> I That might be a problem. >> Yeah. Bye. >> There's Groot. >> We got Groot over here. >> Oh, I know it. >> He's so cute. Look at him. >> Somebody said, "Is that a tow pi?" Get it? with a mater. >> I have a Groot Liam, I think, just gave it to >> Did he give you a >> I'm not sure. >> Cool. A group is adorable. I see. >> All right, let's go check out Stitchy. He's this way. >> Is Dale going to be at Bay Hill this week? Maybe see him on TV. Yes, he is. He's volunteering. He cannot wait. Had the honey cheesecake back in 2021. And I wonder what happened to make them remove the menu item. Oh, I don't know. Julia, great question. Not sure. >> You know, just probably wanting to do different things, I guess. My favorite YouTuber is at Disney World, too. Her name is Kayla. Wait, I'm not your favorite YouTuber? >> All right. Here's Stitchy right here. He's so cute. Oh, >> look at him. >> Oh my goodness. Isn't he adorable? >> Stitchy. >> Just seems >> Yeah, exactly. I gotcha, guys. >> All right, we're going to get a pick. >> Okay, >> and everybody in the stream, here we go. Everybody smile. >> I'll send photo soon. Okay, send the photo sum to me. He says a >> flowers, too. >> Yeah, >> he is too adorbs. >> Cannot wait till I can see him in person in 52 days. A that's awesome. >> All right, let's go see what else we can find. >> Mom, I got to maybe have some popcorn of some kind. >> Sounds good. >> Maple or >> I like either either kind >> or both. >> Or both. All the things. The Disney horicultural department is always the best. I agree. They do a fantastic job. >> So good. So good. Here he goes again. >> I'm sorry. I didn't know that machine was on. >> Too funny. Yeah. >> Hey, Dammy. >> You blinked. Uh oh. You got to take a picture again. He blinked. That's funny. >> Uhoh. >> Tim says, "Always get both, Dad. It's for science." >> What's that? >> Both popcorns. It's for science. You got to get them both. >> That's right. Got to check them out. A thank you, Hersel and Margie. Thank you, Emma. >> All righty. It's about ready to uh take off a layer already. It's kind of humid. >> Okay. >> Nicole says, "Hi, Star-Lord. Napoleon. >> Not a Napoleon. >> It's a Beverly. >> Beverly. There you go. >> A little bit. Just a little bit. >> Oh, of course they do. >> Yeah. You know, everybody loves it so much. Dad says they still got Beverly. >> They did have salt shakers. Yeah, I showed them on the on the stream just a little bit ago. Most people don't. >> Oh, look, guys. The line is a bit >> not terrible. >> Bit longer. Not terrible. >> But a little bit longer. I'm going to go see if Communicore Hall is open cuz it's supposed to be all redone for the festival. Do you want to get a locker? >> I just was thinking >> or run it to the locker would be easier probably. >> I'll go get a locker. Just uh let's see. >> Oh, it's on the other side. >> It's over here. Yeah. Uhhuh. >> I'll go do it. >> Okay. >> I'll find you. >> All right. Thank you. Just save me some food. >> Oh, we we definitely will. Don't worry. >> All right. >> Hi, Tammy. Hi, Stacy. Hi, Caleb. I wish I was there right now. It's so fun to be here. Yeah. Oh, usually they have a a little figment with some flowers here in the middle. >> They didn't put anything this year, I guess. >> Interesting. One more picture. >> One more picture. >> When you get it when you get a chance. >> Okay. >> Hi, Nia. A new spring popcorn mix. Oh, yes. I saw that, too. All right. Right here is good. >> Okay. Smile. >> Hope they smile. >> We smiled. >> Okay. >> All right. We'll see you in a sec. All right. >> So, let's go see if the Communicore Hall is open yet. Not sure if it is. Aw. Jamie says, "I just love your parents." Me, too. Thanks. The temp is supposed to get up to 83 today. We'll see if it can burn off this fog. It probably will. Figma. Oh, I bet Figma is with his ride. You're probably right. Good call. I know. You got to put in a reminder to remember to pick up your locker. I've done that. I've gone all the way out to the TTC to the parking lot and had to come all the way back to get my my locker. Hi, Eden. Eden says, "Good morning. I'm in Creations and we'll say hi later." Sounds good. All right, let's go see what's in here. I'm so excited. Amara needs some liquid merch, some coffee. That's awesome, Ember. Oh, we got the jamters over here. So, this is what they're going to have in here at the farmer's feast. Grilled asparagus, the scallop, and the berry crumble cake. That sounds so delicious. Pretty sure I got this last year. We might need to get both of those this year. Going to be there next month. So excited. David says, "Wish I was there for opening day. Thanks for the stream." Oh, you're welcome. Let's go see the jams for a second. Way again. Yeah. >> Thank you everyone. >> Yes. Uh if you don't mind a little closer if you don't mind circle that way you'll hear us a little bit better. We don't have to yell at you. >> People will walk behind you. >> Yes. Perfect. You know, around here we go by the names of Dale, Daryl, and Jason. >> However, since this is the Flower Garden Festival, we also go by the names of Patunia, Rosebud, and Cactus. >> Oh, yes. But we like to call ourselves the Epcot, Jam. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Wow. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you. >> Hey, is everybody having fun? >> I remember you, too. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. >> Okay. Put your hands together just like this. Clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap. That's it. All right. So good. All right. Well, let's head into the new Communicore Hall sunlight to star Brite in Spikes Garden. I'm so excited to check it out. Here we go. So, I will have to do some switching on the connection. Um, here. Okay. All right. It's very similar to last year. There might be something a little different, though. We're going to find out. But they did this last year. It was amazing. So cute. Oh, no. They're moving this year. What? >> That's cool. >> All right, guys. I think we're back. All right. And welcome to Spike's Garden. Hey, Drew in the moment. How are you? Thanks for 500 likes. Sorry for the lag. We just had to do a little switch over. Look how pretty it is in here. I love it. Oh, look at Spike. He's flying across the moon. Love it. Oh, I love little Spike. This is It's a little different. It's the same topiary, but the flowers, of course, are different. It's more just like whites and greens and stuff. I love that. Hello, little Spike. How are you today? Yeah, it was a a little bit laggy. Sorry about that, guys. But we should be all good now. Adorable. Well, we've got 1,400 people now in the chat. We appreciate you guys being here and bopping that like. >> So fun. They also have merch in here. So, if you didn't get what you wanted on the other side, they might have it in here. Or if you don't want to wait in that line, they got it over here. >> Flowers at all hours. says the zebra longwing. Good morning, Kathleen. >> Planting by the moon. Yeah, that's AP. Isn't that cool? >> I know. Isn't that fun? It's a little hose. >> Oh my goodness. >> Cute, cute, cute. We might need that. >> That might be a need. Well, we do have a locker now. Okay, if you guys had to choose between these two, which one would you get? I do really like this one. However, they don't have an extra small. I do really like this. >> This is cute, too. >> It is, but it seems a little short. >> Yeah, >> for me. >> Yeah. >> Love that. Love the bird noises. Oh no. >> Trying to decide if I want a shirt later. I really like the spike the bee one. But >> that one's cute, too. This one's very lightweight. >> Yeah. >> Which is good for the summer. >> It's cute. >> This is lightweight, too. Oh, >> well, you you got one. >> Oh, I do. >> Yeah. >> You got >> Oh, I got We got a We got a blue one, right? >> That's right. >> I do like this one. >> That one. >> Hi, Kelsey. That would be a nice You know, since it's white. Yeah, >> it would be cooler. >> I know. The spike one is really cool, isn't it? The blue one. >> Yep. >> That's nice. >> Mhm. >> All right. Cool beans. Well, there you go, guys. And they have the the Loungefly. >> This is the Loungefly. And he is adorable. >> So cute. They do have the um the little uh >> Did you guys >> shoulder pals? >> You didn't look inside. No, we didn't. You're right. This is just full of stuff. Oh, >> there. Oh, how cute. >> Love it. >> Oh, sorry. >> You know what else is really fun? >> This comes off. >> What? >> Oh, yeah. I see that. >> Mhm. >> That's fun. >> So, if you just want it to be a smaller bag or or something or I think you can put this as like a fanny pack, too, I think. >> Yeah. And it's got a I see that. Isn't >> that fun? >> It's a magnet or a Velcro. Oh, it's Oh, >> it's like a little box. Yeah. >> Well, that's cool. >> That's safer. >> Did you notice the back? >> A No, I did not. >> That is adorable. So, you could change it. Yeah, >> if you want. You can put the honey pad. You could put the other one. >> That's cute. >> Good. You got one. >> It is good. We got one. >> Good. We got one. Yeah. >> We have one. >> Yeah. >> Yeah, we Yeah, we got one. >> Just stowed them away. >> I can remember. >> Yep. And we got a little spike deb steak. >> Oh, that's pretty cool. >> I know. Two bags in one. Isn't that fun? >> Yeah. >> I actually don't think you can use this though as a hip pack unless you have your own >> Well, you might be able to use H. >> I know. Well, you could hook it on the C. You could on the >> Maybe. Does it come undone? >> Well, this doesn't No, probably not. >> But maybe if you had another one at home, you could hook it to that. >> That's true. >> So, there's that. And again, here's some of the flowers that are moving. How pretty. There you go, Tim. I don't know what extra money you're talking about cuz we spent it all. All right, let's head outside. A look at the little Minnie Mouse. And now that everybody's here, we are ready to play. Look how cool. >> They're the ears from this year. >> The ears I just bought. >> Isn't that cute? >> Julia says, "Love it." >> Oh, yeah. It is kind of like a wallet. That's true. Yeah, the front part of that bag is like a little wallet. >> All right. Again, that was in Communicore Hall right here. >> Denise says, "Hi, Mom and Dad. I might need a little restroom break. >> So, >> well, let's go away from that music cuz it's going to be really loud. >> Where do you want me to be? >> But um Ching, I get it. >> Oh, we got the the >> butterfly tent. I almost forgot. >> This is our one of our favorites. Yeah, we always like >> It's my fave. >> And we like flowers. >> Yeah. >> When we came down, it was always warm compared to where we were. >> Oh, for sure. Hi, Walkoff. How are you? All right, so we're going to have Dad hang out maybe right over here. >> All right, guys. Hey, Jake. The floating flowers are beautiful. So, you want to talk to them and mom and I can go use the restroom. >> You bet. All right. Is it working? >> It's working. >> Okay. All right. You're welcome. Woo. Hello, everybody. Hi. Mara, too. Hello. How are you? I always see you on there. Yay. Lisa Val. Yeah. I wish they wouldn't date the merch. Yeah. Wearing it in the following. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Well, actually, I think uh Jane's got one on uh from last year. Hey, Megan. Megan, awesomeness. Woohoo. Julia, love the butterfly. I do, too. We do, too. Hi, Jonathan. Yeah. How are you? Yeah, Corby. Is it Corbin? Corbin, Tim. Woohoo. Hey, I saw some coffee uh that you gave you you brought down when in public the other day. Yeah. Julie, Kathleen, Karen. Hey, everybody. Thanks for joining us this morning. You know what? This is fun. We really enjoy this awesomeness. Austin Louise Louise and and and Lee, is it right? Yeah. Jen, Jennim, I got to go back to that one. Yeah. Hi, Dad. Isabelle Tinkerbell. Whoa. I like that. It rhymes. Woohoo. Woohoo. From England. Hey, from England. Alex Gray, how are you? Yeah. Christina, how have you been? We've been pretty good. Yeah, we we've really been pretty good. Heather R. Uh, Miss Katrina. Hey. A Well, thank you very much. We're doing good. Yeah, hanging in there. Hey, Amara FF chef. Yay. Yep. Debbie. No, John Wayne. John Wayne. Wow. I love that one. Yeah. Woohoo. We I love the movie, right? Great movie where John Wayne on that horse. Yes. That was so cool. Walk off nine. Hi, Dad. Hey, see you. Nice to see you smile. Aha. Thank you, Allison. Woohoo. Yeah, you know, there's times, of course, I think Jenna and Josh mentioned this with with my wife having Alzheimer's, but she's doing good. We're hanging in there. So, uh, we just are thankful for all the time we can spend and enjoy outside, enjoy you all on the streams when we do go and and we enjoy the sunshine. You bet. Yeah. Julie Hadley, looks like a lovely day. It's going to be. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, Alex, yep. Yeah, we you did, too. I wish I missed that ride. I really do, you know. Um, got to go to a spring training game the other day. Dale and Josh and Liam and I and and uh Andy went with us and that was just awesome. We had a great time. Yeah, the Tigers. It was good. It was good. Ended up in the tie game, Tim. Yep. Popcorn was real good there. Hot dog was good. The whole bit. Yep. Yep. Just one of the things I always remember when my dad took us up to Cubs game in Chicago. Yep. Mom, both of them took us. Yeah. Uh Denise, oh, thank you. Yeah, we're good. We're good. Thank you. We love all the support we get and uh enjoy the kids and seeing all of you that come up to them and say hi and you say hi on the stream. We just we enjoy that and thank you so much. Yeah. Uh yeah, they're hanging in there. Thank you, Tracy. Yeah. yellow yellow bait. Yeah, it's a perfect day. Yeah. You know what? And Purdue Garden and uh just makes my day to see some of these things, you know? It's just like And especially when it was colder up there, you know, always like to have a contest with my follow- on who got the first tomato, right? One. I've always told I've told the story before, but maybe some of you are new. Went up one time. He said, "Look at that tomato out there. He was way out in the garden. He didn't get me to get close and he painted a tennis ball red and he said, "Look, that one's already ripe. How far are yours along?" Then he then he went ahead and uh network. Let's see. Are we still on? Hello. There we go. Hey, Annette. How are you? Mr. Cruise Fever. Woohoo. Yeah, there we go. Ninja working but checking in on the flowers and sunshine. Yay. >> The sun came out. >> Yes, it's getting warmer. Lot of people on. Yeah. >> Cool. >> Good to good to see everybody. >> Yeah. Well, you guys want to go see the butterfly tent? >> Let's do it. >> Perfect. >> Hey, micro adventure. >> Starting to burn. Let it burn off. >> Yeah. Beautiful day. The fog is gone. Cute. >> Love all the all the fun things that they put up. >> Tim says, "Hi, Ninja Shannon." There's a Ninja Shannon. Hi, Ninja Shannon. ninja working but checking in on the flowers and the sunshine. That's awesome. >> We got some patunas yesterday. >> Oh, cool. >> That always makes me think of Adam Looas. >> Yeah. >> Okay. So, we have um when it comes to benefits of being outside, the sky's is the limit. Spread your wings and try new outdoor experiences like hiking, guardian, gardening, or something more daring. Just be sure to perform outdoor activities with a friend. take safety seriously. So fun. Here's the butterfly tent. So, we're going to head in here. >> Butterflies. Butterfly. I love the butterflies. They're one of my f Hey, Richard. Oh, there went one. There went a butterfly right as we came in. See if we can spot any more. It is kind of wet, so they might not be Oh, yeah. There's some over here. >> Common. So, we have monarch mallet >> chit. I don't know how to say that. Common buckeye and zebra longwing. >> Mhm. >> We've seen I didn't know it was called. >> Oh, yeah. Common Buckeye. Makes sense cuz like ice and >> it sure does. >> Yeah. Sorry guys, I forgot to turn the Wi-Fi off. So, got a little bit of a skip there. >> One year one uh flew and landed on me. >> Landed on my was it on my shoulder? I don't remember where it landed, but it landed on me. Well, uh, this is a bird of paradise right here. It says the plant. >> Those get really large. >> Yeah, they're pretty though. >> Yeah, they belong in the, uh, in the rainforest. Seen them in South or in Costa Rica. Yeah, >> they're really pretty. Oh, here's an orange um butterfly back here. It's not I don't think it's a monarch. Or if it is, it's >> doesn't look like a >> growing into its colors. I don't know. But >> yeah. >> Hi, Heather. >> Battle brass. See? Yeah, we had Oh, there's one. >> Yeah. Don't know. See if it lands. Oh, it might be the >> That Buckeye one. I'm not sure. A >> be a little more active. It's warming up. >> Yes, the sun's coming out. >> See how that >> some of the crystallis about to become butterflies. >> So crazy how different all of them are. >> Like the one here on the left is green and then you go all the way to the back and it looks like some of them are already starting to come out of their shell of their cocoon I should say. >> I would say the best time to see the butterflies is when it's cooler outside. So, um, you know, first thing in the morning, in the heat of the afternoon, they probably won't be as active. >> Mhm. >> But they they might still be out and about just but I would say morning time. >> Hey. >> Hello. >> How are you, Mickey? >> Oh, nice to meet you. Hello. >> Nice to meet you. >> Nice to meet you. >> Nice to meet you. >> Do you want to say hi on the on the stream or No, up to you. >> Well, only if we'll say hi real quick. >> Okay, sounds good. Hi everyone. Hoya Mickey and Hoya Mini. We're enjoying the first day of the Flower and Garden Festival. >> Um it is so much fun. >> It's beautiful. >> Wish you all were here. >> Awesome. Cool. Thanks for you, too. Thanks for watching. And I know you've been in the chat a lot. So that's awesome since like co awesome. I'm so blessed. A nice thing you do. >> We were here in We were here in >> um like January. I was here with my son and then um Laura got sick and she couldn't come. So I have to I'm back here. I I have a meeting I have to go to. I'm like, "Well, we'll just go to the flower garden." >> There you go. >> Very cool. Well, I'm glad fun. >> Yeah. You love it. >> Thanks for everything you guys do. It's really nice to see you. >> Nice to see you, too. Enjoy your day today. >> Enjoy. >> Isn't it pretty? It's just so calm and peaceful in here. >> Is it bigger? >> It feels like maybe they've got more walkways cuz sometimes it will get squishy in here. Bigger walkways. >> But and it could be just bigger in general. I'm not sure. It's a great question. >> Oh, what kind of >> Oh, I spotted a couple. They like blend in. Look at this. They're right here. One, two, three, four. They blend in. >> Which one is that? >> I'm not sure. >> You think sweet? >> It might be the Buckeye one, just not fully grown. I'm not sure. >> Looks that way. >> But there's quite a few of them. >> Mhm. >> Oh. Oh, there's another chart. >> Yeah. >> I think it's the second one. What is that? It is white. >> Whiteac peacock butterfly. Oh, fun. >> And then painted lady butterfly. >> This one come with brown in it though. >> Yeah, it does. So, yeah, it's the white peacock one that we're seeing. And then I think the painted lady butterfly is right here. >> Oh, yeah. You're right. >> Awesome. >> Cool. >> Hey, Sabrina. Did I miss you checking out the merch? Yes, we did that first thing. We checked out the merch. So, you can rewind in and go check it out, too. We already did some shopping. >> It was fun. They had some great merch this year. Lots of it, too. Quite a bit. All right. And then they have the greenery out here and flowers and things for the escapes. So, there's plenty of places for them to go. Have a good day. >> Thank you. You too. There's some uh topiaries up here. Let's go check them out. We got Donald and uh Huey, Dewey, and Louie. >> All right, guys. So, we could go on a ride. Would you rather do Nemo and Friends, the land, or um Pigment? Let me know in the chat. >> Oh, they're so cute. >> Hi, Edwin. I'm glad they moved them. Usually they have them over on the other side, and I'm glad they put them on this side this year. Thank you, Mr. Cruise Fever. >> Got a rake, a fork, and another rake. >> Yeah, >> got long time no see. Patrick says, "I love Alice and Wonderland years." Yeah, they're very cute. This is so excited to catch the festival for the second year in a row. It's such a happy vibe. I agree. >> A lot of people are saying the land, which I mean I know I do that a lot, but it does kind of go with the whole flower and garden theme. >> They probably do. Oh, I found a spike for the um >> Yeah, for the scavenger hunt. I found a spike. >> Well, we do have about an hour until all the food booths open. So, let's go in and ride the land. What do you guys think? Yeah, we're good. >> All right. >> All right, let's do it. >> Beautiful. >> Yeah, it's gorgeous. >> Warming up really well, sweetie. >> It sure is. >> All right, the land and flower and garden, they go hand in hand, so why not? >> Yay! You can't go wrong with this ride, right? And then when this is done, we'll start heading back towards the countries. Um, check out some more topiaries and uh at 11:00 we'll try some food. And I cannot wait if you guys saw any food online that you think we should try. Let us know. >> Oh no, Patrick, I'm so sorry. That's no bueno. We have not found the Figma topiary yet. No. >> Do you know where it's at? >> All right. Down to the land we go. Sinuses and allergies are on high. It must be spring. Yeah, it is. Oh my. I don't think that's 15. Just going to throw that out there. It was I looked it said 15, but that's not 15. All right, guys. Well, sorry about that. >> I see why people wanted. >> Yeah, I mean, it makes sense, but no, that's going to be more like 20, 25, >> maybe 30. Okay, we can always try to come back later. >> We could go to Nemo. We could do Figment. Or we could just go walk around and do Mexico later. >> We could go with all the above. >> All the above. >> What do you want to do? >> Hi, Keith. >> I'm fine with whatever. >> Okay. Well, let's go see if we can find some more topiaries. >> And uh Yeah. >> Yeah. That's going to take >> that's going to take a minute. It's a little squishy. Happy Wednesday. Yeah, I don't think it was updated yet, which is fine. >> So, we'll try it later. >> You rode it with Josh last night. Awesome. Spaceship Earth is down right now. Okay. want to walk around. That's kind of what I'm feeling. Let's just go walk around and then maybe we could ride Mexico here later. >> Dad does have to Yes, he does have to name those dwarfs. That is true. That is a must. Nothing says flower and garden like spaceship birds. I agree. Want to see the topiaries. All right, cool beans. Oh, >> let's just do a little walk around. How about that? >> So, hey Jennif. >> Hi. How are you? >> Good. Mom and dad are >> Hello. >> Illinois. >> Do you want to say hi on the stream? >> What are your names? >> Hello, Sue and Sean. >> Awesome. From Illinois. >> Say hi to Patrick and Katie and Gio and Chris and Tony. >> Awesome. A. You got them all. >> You got them all. I love it. >> It is perfect. We couldn't ask for a better day. >> Oh my gosh, >> it's amazing. >> We love it when you come down from up north and come here and this. Isn't that great? >> It's unreal. Where are you guys headed next? >> Well, we were going to ride the land, but it was a little longer than we thought. So, I think we're just going to go explore and check out some topiaries and Yeah. >> Great. >> Yeah. >> Sounds like a Nemo ride. Explore. Explore. >> Yes. >> Good call. >> Here, I'm so You want a quick pick? >> Yeah. No, not at all. Let's do it. Oh, you're totally fine. We're not in a rush. >> We're not in a rush. >> Isn't it nice? >> All right. Here we go. >> I got to go. Awesome. >> Thank you. >> It was really nice meeting you. >> You too. Enjoy your day together. Enjoy watching. >> Thank you so much. >> When it's cold in Illinois, it's great to see. I'm so glad. University of Illinois masters. So, you three kids. Then I was Purdue for 30 years. Okay. I support Purdue 100%. >> There you go. >> They paid me. >> Yeah. That's all that counts, right? >> You too. Bye, guys. >> All right. Okay. So, Oh, Mr. Young Dude specifically in his secondary planter south of last year's main location. He's positioned near the bridge leading to World Showcase. Okay. Leading to World Oh, I know where he's at. He's in the second big planter. All right, let's go this way. Sounds like a plan. >> Thank you, old Mr. Young Dude. >> Happy Women History Month. Okay, thanks, Troy. 1,400 people. Almost 15 636 likes. Keep on bopping, subscribing if you're new. We'd love to add you to the Resort Hopper family. Also, go over to uh Dale and I's channel, Adventures of Jenna and Dale. I posted a new vlog there yesterday from our 5K Princess Race. So, if you missed it, it's on Adventures of Jenna and Dale if you want to see what a 5K princess race is all about. It is so much fun. And we show you the merch on Expo Day as well. Um I put them all in one video this time instead of splitting them up. So, Expo's at the beginning, races at the end. Don't miss it. We also posted uh two of our cruise vlogs over there on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. So, go check out all the vlogs and all the things. Good morning, Edwin. Yeah, we're excited to be here. There's always an excitement in the air for first days of festivals and things, which I love. Hi, Disney. How are you, Disney trucker? Looking forward to more cruise vlogs. Thanks, Lisa. I'm excited. I got to edit some more, but I will for sure. Thanks, Purple Fire. So glad you guys are enjoying the cruise vlogs. Hi. So, we're on the hunt for the Figment Topi area, and I think I know where it's at. Do you know where your vlog is on the Ticker Tales? I can never find it. Oh, it's on it. Um, it's right here on Resort TV 1. It's from a Disney Springs video. It was maybe in January actually. You know what it was? It was when I made my custom ears. It was that day. I'm pretty sure we tried them. So, look for Disney Springs making custom uh Mickey ears or mini ears, I guess. >> I know. It's almost time to sign up for the next race. Tim, I'm trying to decide if I'm going to do just the five or the five and the 10. Not sure what to do. I love them all. They're so fun. They're fun. All right, so normally Figment's here, but I think I know where he's at. So, let's head this way. Either the chicken, the waffles, or the croissant filled with the goat cheese at the France booth. They both sound good, don't they? I do want to try the chicken and waffles. That is high on my list. And so is the French toast. >> Oh, that's awesome. Megan Byron. St. Patrick's Day is coming up. >> That's right. Get your greens ready for St. Patty's Day. >> Ah, I found a flower. I bet he's right by the flower. >> Oh, I bet you're right. >> Couple pink flowers here. Mr. Figment. >> I think I knew that, too. I just forgot >> it happened. >> Well, no. I mean, cuz Yeah, when I was here on Friday for the right for the race. >> It is the most dreamy day at Epcot. There he is. Yep. >> He's so cute. Do them all, Tim. No, no, no, not all of them. Not like you. >> I want to do the five for sure cuz it's um Pluto and he's just adorable. There he is. >> We found Piggy. >> Dale did wear his green last month when we were on the cruise. So cute. Check it out. >> Hey Chris, I'm doing well. How are you? Only got through for the wine and dine 5K, but no kid Hungry had spots on their team for 10K, so I'm doing that for the first time. Oh, that's amazing. Good job to you. Yeah, we're uh Josh and I are running for a charity um in the April springtime race and I cannot wait. That means I have done um all of the races this month or this this year, this run Disney year. One of each once I finish that one. Heading to Raglin Road for St. Patty's Day. Oh, fun. Somewhere there's a new Pluto topiary. Well, there is a Pluto topiary here. I don't think it's new, but we'll go check it out. All right. So, we've got um Phineas and Ferb over here. Let's go check them out. Gotta love them. Good morning. will be mostly n mostly ninja watching. But what beautiful flowers for distraction. Yeah, I did not Mikey. No, not yet. So cute. I am not doing wine and dine. No. I did it last year, but I didn't sign up this year. >> Oh, for sure. It does. Yeah, they're expensive without the travel. with the travel. They're very uh a lot more expensive for sure, but they're fun. All right. Well, they have some of the merch here. They got the ears, some of the shirts and things. Oh, okay. Julia, there's a pet garden. No way. Oh, they have the Cincy stuff. I like the Cincy stuff. Let's go check it. I got one last year. The jars are 20. Dalia darling, they're fun cuz you you get the oil and then you get the flower and it's like closed and you put the wick in there and then as the scent goes up, the flower opens. It's really cool. >> They also have them in the um these little guys that you can put in your warmer. Blooming violet, morning sage, hydrangeanger bouquet, honeysuckle dew, and serene succulent. They're all $8. That's not bad. These are 20. Here's kind of what they look like out of the jar. They do not have a special popcorn bucket that I've seen anyway. And here is where the thumbnail was taken from the front. There's Pluto, Minnie, and Mickey. And then we've got Chip and Dale down here. Oh, I don't see them passing out free Uncrustables >> cuz usually if they do, it's over here, >> but I'm not seeing it. And then they have more merch on this side. Spike the bee and Alice in Wonderland. But we're going to go check out the flower quilts over here. I'm relying on you to try all the snacks so I know what to get in April. Okay, sounds good. Awesomeness. I love that. Look at this. Oh my goodness. It's gorgeous. Gorgeous. Spike the bees food booth features booth the honeybee stro. This booth is hosted by National Honeyboard and features food and drinks and peas with honey. Thanks, old Mr. Young dude, I got a whole collection of scents one time from the Magic Candle Company. Fun. Hi. Uh, Geo Geo Gamer. Geogamer. Isn't that amazing? I love it. And they do have um a couple booths over here. Those were new last year. Oh, look over here. They've got some uh like fruit topiaries. Let's see if I can zoom in for you guys. Look at that. Oh, we got a great shot. It's hard to do with one hand. Ah, missed it. Oh well. I was trying to get the thumbnail. Yeah. No. Yep. Exactly, John. There's no caramel. That That makes the whole ticker tail. >> So pretty. Okay. So, they've got scents. They've got blooming violet. >> Yeah. You can smell that a little bit. Smell it. Uh-huh. >> Yeah. >> Oh, and then you can So, over there then you can buy these scents. So you can like test them out here and then buy them over there. This is the serene succulent. >> So these are succulent. >> Oo, I like that one. >> What is a succulent? >> Serene succulent. That's what the scent is. >> Oh yeah. Try that one. Yeah. Don't >> get your nose too close. >> No. >> Hey buddy. >> Yeah. >> And then um there's a few. Hi. How are you? >> How are you? >> Good. >> Nice to meet you. >> I always chat with you guys. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. I met you three years ago. I met Josh last night again. >> Oh, nice. >> My sons. I was telling them that my sons, they're six and three and they're like raised watching you sometimes. They got to say hi, which was cool. >> That's so cool. >> Say hi. >> I'm glad you did. Do you want to say hi again on the scene? >> Say hi. Hi again, everybody. >> Awesome. Remind me where you're from. >> Canada. I'm from Ontario. So >> Oh, awesome. We >> leave on Saturday to drive back. A long ride. >> But hopefully you had a nice trip while you're here. >> I'm Oh, good. I'm glad. >> I just want to come say hi. >> Thank you so much. >> Yeah. Thank you for all the Disney. >> Of course. I'm so glad you enjoy it. >> Have a great day. >> You too. Enjoy the festival. >> We have a strawberry sweetie over here. >> Not a super strong smell, but look, they've got strawberry plants here. Her two boys were cute. A love that honeysuckle. Oh, I always like honeysuckle. Oh, yeah. That smells good. Morning sage. And then we have hydrangeanger. Oh, I was curious what this smelled like. >> Ooh, this one's going to be your favorite. Hydrangeanger. >> They're so pretty. The smell is nice, too. >> Take her picture. >> Very nice. >> Smile. >> Go over by the hydr. That's her favorite. >> Picture time. >> We got pink ones now. >> Oh, I love the pink ones. Yeah. Fun. >> Honey. >> Hi, Contessa loves Disney. A there's Eden. May my trip getting to chat with you. Oh, it was so good chatting with you. Thanks for saying hello. Um, okay. So, we've got about 40 minutes or so before all the booths open, but we can just kind of hang out and see what we can find. Does Mexico open at 11:00 or is it open already? I always forget when that one opens. I know Frozen opens early. Yeah, we're Mr. young dude for sure. Yep. The cold right before the festival started did not help. >> Oh yes, the hot weather is coming. It's going to be here this week. Even going to be in the high 80s, like 87. Hello, Disney mama. The water Yeah. is gorgeous. So, we've got um Moana here, which this was the one out front. And this year it's Toy Story. I didn't get to show you since we were in line, but this year it's Toy Story. And it's really cute. This one's cute, too, though. >> Elsie, come here, baby. >> Adorable. >> A dancer. Hello. It's Sharon. >> Oh my goodness. So cute. >> Thank you. They have them back. >> They sold out. Yeah, they have them back. So >> that's where I'm headed. >> Oh, good. Good. Good. Yeah, they also have it in connections. Most of it and on these two shops up front here. So >> yeah, >> we may or may not have bought a few things and had to put them in. >> They were watching at home. I was like, they were the shopping, you know, cart. Okay. Dad got a shopping cart. >> You did a good job this year. Now >> got >> $2 from Alex. Excited to be there in May. Thank you, Alex. >> You're going to love it. It's awesome. So fun. Here, I'm going to move out of the way. >> Thank you, Alex. Enjoy. >> Yeah, unless you want pens. There's still a line. >> Okay. >> There was none down there right now, was there? >> I also noticed they had a really cute Pandora uh spike to be >> Oh, no way. Okay, we're going to go check that out. >> I'll let you keep walking. >> Yeah. No way. >> I like your shirt, too, that's from a couple years ago. Yeah. Yeah. >> And this one is >> this one is just >> Well, I like it. >> And this farmer see the farm. >> Yeah. >> I had one and I don't know where it's at. >> I don't know where it's at either. >> I can't find it. I had a cap, too. >> One of us thought she wasn't going back to Disney. I didn't keep all her shirts. Yeah. I don't know who that is. >> I kept them. I kept them. >> Good job, Dad. >> I kept them. That's >> also Andy will be joining me. He had a He had a sprinkler guy come today for just like a trip up a little bit. >> Okay. Hi, Gary. >> To see how long it'll take. I'm like, "Okay, >> forget it. Go. >> Bye, Andy. >> He'll be here shortly." >> Yeah. >> All right. Have fun shopping. >> See you again. >> Yes, we'll be around. >> Bye. >> Bye. >> Oh, good. >> Love all the details. Yes. So, so good. 1,600 in the chat. We got 1626. I saw 626. So fun. I love little Heii. Last year the hook lit up which was really fun. Don't know if it'll light up this year. We'll have to wait till it's dark to find out. But I love little Heii and Poo. Pua. I almost said poo poo. That's not the right one. Heii and Pua. I was trying to remember the pig's name and I said Heihei and poo poo. remember what the >> pua pua? Well, you had the beginning. >> What about pua? >> Okay, so I I was saying heyi, which is the chicken, and I know it's pua, but my brain said poo poo. >> Hey, Isabelle. Or no, I guess it said poo poo. Yeah, not poo poo. Poo poo. >> Like, hey. Hey, poo poo. See, I don't even remember what I said. Oh, I need coffee. >> Nobody likes a poo poo. >> Oh my goodness. Yeah, we'll have to get that to Jesse. >> Mhm. >> It's amazing. Dad said calm and flowery. Oh, okay. We're going to go in here. I know. Oh, that was so funny. Oh my goodness. Get this lady some Starbucks. I know, right? Oh my goodness. Good morning, guys. Well worth ignoring uh work for. I love that. So, they do have the scavenger hunts in here. I think we're going to pick one up today. They're $11.99 before your discount. They also have a spiked the bee and orange bird. Oh my goodness, these are so cute. Hey, Rich Pimple. How are you? This is This is what you scavenger. >> Yeah, I'm going to get one today. Mom might need one, too, because the prize is amazing. >> Where do I get them? >> I think you get them right here. >> And we can also Can you get the um Oh, yeah. There they are. The little scavenger hunts. >> Yeah. >> Perfect. Can we do two? >> And can we um stamp it already and get the prize or >> Okay. You have two separate. >> We'll do the spike two spikes. The bees actually get annual pass. >> Yeah, they do annual pass. >> They do annual pass. Okay, I got it. >> And then we get to pick out which flower we want. Mom, >> they're so cute. There's a figment, orange bird, >> Farmer Mickey, and Spike the Bee. and they're because I >> think I'm going to get Spike the bee even though Figma is adorable as well. >> Thanks Amara. >> Thanks Tim. Um I know I want one spike and then which one do you want? Mom, do you see them back there? >> Spike. >> Two spikes. >> Two spikes. >> Okay. You don't want pigment. >> Well, I can do that. >> Yeah. One spike and one pigment. >> Uhhuh. >> And they dance. Look at this one back here. >> I think it's with the with the light. Is it with the light? Oh, >> they're so cute. Oh, yeah. Grab yourself a book. >> I got one. >> Oh, you got one. Nice. >> Do you want one, too, sweetie? You guys >> Oh my goodness. Look how cute. Thank you. >> Oh, they're so cute. >> Do you have a little bag for them or >> That would be great. Thank you. >> Yeah. So cute. >> Watch out. I heard that the stems >> the stems break. Oh, good. >> Do you Okay. >> Maybe maybe >> Oh, not like >> Gotcha. Oh, look. He's going to Okay, he's he's hooking us up. >> All right. Maybe one per bag. Then they won't >> hit each other. All right. I'll be right here. >> All right, guys. So cute, aren't they? >> Tiana one. And then we've got the uh >> cute Rapunzel one here. I think they're adorable. >> They are. >> Get all four, David says. I know, >> right? >> They are really cute. It's hard to pass it up. >> I know. I know. Exactly. You never know. These are pretty little pearls. They are. >> Good morning, Age of Retro. How are you today? Welcome in. I know, right, Lorraine? They're adorable. They know how to do it. >> Here's a more Rapunzel. And then they've got um Jasmine. I do really like the jasmine one. They've got Raja on the front. says Jasmine 92 on the back. Yay. I >> I can put mine in my backpack. >> You think it'll be all right there? >> I think so. >> Okay. Are you sure? >> Up to you. And we can al We can also go walk them back up to the locker. You want to do that? That might be safest. >> I'll tell you what. I will lock them. I'll walk I'll walk them. I'll walk. >> All right. >> I'll walk them. Walk them. So, you're not going to do this today, are you? >> No. >> Okay. Let me go do that. >> Okay. >> I got a big locker, too. >> Nice. >> I needed a big locker. You just I'll text you and see. >> Okay. We're We're not going to go far because I I don't want to go far from like the food booths and stuff. >> This would be my quickest way back. >> This way. >> Have a great rest. >> Thank you. >> All right, we got those. The egg hunt is a giant egg. We'll do that later. >> Center. >> I would. Yeah, it'll be less squishy. >> All right, go ahead. Just keep going. I'll find you. >> Well, we're not going to go too far. >> I'll get snacks on the way. Okay, sounds good. Thanks. Thanks, Dad. Um, let's go see what's at this booth when it opens. This is a pineapple prominade. They usually have the violet um violet lemonade, which is always delish. Tool whip spicy hot dog. Okay, it's the same as last year. What store was that? This is the port of entry. I saw they also had it in um creation shop and the one under spaceship earth as you're coming under to the left. So they had it there as well. Over here is the honey beastro which I'm excited to try the chicken and waffles. So let's go check that out. Oh, that's too bad, Julia. I used to be like that when I was younger. Luckily, it's changed a little, so I'm okay now. wearing some earrings. Okay, let's go check out the menu. 65 more days. Thanks for the video. Oh, you're welcome. Thanks for 1,700 people in the chat. Oh, here we go, Mom. Here's the chicken and waffles. Got a little waffle. The chicken. Okay. Yeah, that's an add to cart. Liquid nitro honey marshapon marsh capone cheesecake. And then we've got the honeycomb bowl. Frozen peach cobbler. It's a drink. Sounds good, too. But no, I want to try this right there. Yes, please. Minus one. >> Why not? So, you just got to wait for it to open. I think about 30 more minutes. >> There goes the mile. The Run Disney video was super helpful. We can't wait for wine tonight. Oh, I'm so glad it was helpful. Yay. Thank you. Thanks for watching it. Let's go see Goofy. He's up here. Bees by the numbers. How many bees tall are you? Oh, I am >> over 130 bees tall. One 12th the teaspoon of of a honey bee will produce over her lifetime. 75. The average number of flowers a bee will visit every time she leaves the hive. 55,000. The average number of bees in a beehive. Holy moly. Wow. >> That's a lot. >> Oh, you're not on mine. Oh, okay. >> Oh, yeah. >> All right, Owen, put your face on this side on the other side. >> We got Goofy over here. I pointed him out during our uh 5K. If you guys watched that video, you will have seen him already. Oh, sorry, Michelle. feel better. Hi, Infinity Nemo. Want to try the honeycomb bowl? He's so cute. He looks like he's out for a run. >> He does. >> Good job, Goofy. Oh man, this is gorgeous. The colors are just >> amazing. 48 more days until we're back home. Yay. All right. So, we've got yacht grub and beach uh grub. So, at the yacht grub, they have trios of dips and chips, which they had last year, and the captain's board with uh cheeses and meats and crackers and things. They also have a lemon cello basil sparkling cocktail. And the dips are um whipped feta dip, candied lemon, caramelized onion dip, and caviar. and pimento cheese and pickles. >> I remember they were good last year. And then let's walk over and check out what's at the beach grub. They got a cute little play area for the kiddos. And look at the tiny little picnic tables. Those are so cute. Are we lagging? We shouldn't be lagging. Linda, just uh refresh. Refresh. Doesn't look like we're lagging, but you never know. So, here's the beach grub. See what they got. Oh, here we go. It's turned around, but we've got seafood bake, which I think they had last year, grilled street corn on a cob, and the orange cream bar. So, this is different. This is the This is with vanilla bean orange mousse covered in chocolate shell with marshmallow meringue. Last year it was the s'mores one. And I remember it was good, but now they have it fulltime back in um uh what's it called? >> You know the one? Regal eagle. Regal eagle. Yeah, John. For sure. They're way better in Disneyland. That's for sure. So, I wanted to show the little fruit up here fruit topiaries. >> Last year, I think this was the um the inside out little garden. >> All these tables are cute. Rain or shine fruit stand. We've got grapes. Got the cute little fruit stand here. And we've got some It's like cherries. And then an orange. Frosty fruit trees. Some perennials like cherry trees can survive freezing temperatures and come back more productive year after year. Makes sense because there's a lot of cherry trees in Michigan and Indiana. In fact, they make um Yeah, these didn't make it, did they? >> They're they would if they got some water. >> Yeah, it looks like they they're wet right now. But in fact, they make really good cherry wine in Michigan. If you're into those fruit wines, not everybody is. And then we've got the orange. Did you know some fruits have a natural sunscreen? Citrus is high in vitamin C, protecting it from the sun. Nice. Been to Disney World twice. Both times happen to land during the Flower and Garden Festival. A fun. Hi, Jinger. How are you? Welcome in. All right. Well, let's go this way now and we'll head around towards the um the other way. The left the the left way the opposite direction. Got to get my sunglasses out. >> Yes, a spot near Frankmouth with great cherry wine. That's awesome. I always wanted to go to Frankmouth, but I never made it. I'll have to go sometime. We also make a lot of snow and cold. That is true, Rich. You sure do. Oh my goodness. >> That's the part I don't miss, man. I can smell the the food cooking. >> Smell the food cooking. It smells delicious. Sweet cherry wine is also a song by Tommy James in the Sundells. Okay, cool. Let's go see what's over here. Looks like we have Spike. A lot of the Spike merch and Alice merch. >> Oh, there's a bird. Got the passholder merch. Yeah, I haven't seen him. Birds with real bird calls. Oh, that's fun. That's cool. Oh, wow. >> They're $14.99. >> Do they all do the same one? >> I think so. >> Yeah, I think they're all the same. >> Murray would have too. >> Mom and dad's dog would have ripped that bird. Oh yeah. >> That's what I'm supposed to do for us, right? >> What? >> You thought that's what you're supposed to do. >> Well, yeah. We got Bambi, Thumper, and Flower over here. This is a different spot for them. >> But it's a good spot. I like it. >> I love the switching up of the topiaries. >> Michelle, I haven't seen the free Uncrustables yet. We'll see. Do they still have jellys? I have not seen any jelly cats unless they're at a different booth this year. Your cats would love that. Our dogs would freak out. >> Yeah. No, you're fine. No worries. >> All good. Um if they had a cardinal, Jinger said she would want that. Carly, she said, "Got that bird for my daughter on our last trip and she is obsessed." A adorbs. I just told Finley that you're alive and she said, "Yay, Jenna." A hi Finley. >> Good morning James. How are you? >> Hi YouTubers. >> Hi. How are you? >> I saw you on the channel, right? >> Yes. Yeah. >> Mom told you we were going to meet someone. >> I told you today. Those are my lucky shoes. >> Oh, well there you I love that. >> No, you're all good. Where you from? >> Uh Jade City, Florida. Originally, Massachusetts. >> Okay, nice. >> Very good. >> Now we came down for the festival. >> I It's gorgeous today. What a what a great day for the festival >> for lunch or whatever. But >> perfect >> pictures today. >> Yeah, I love that. You too. Nice to meet you. Have fun. >> They got the kiddo um playground set up over here. They were working on that a little bit set up now. Hi, Debbie. I looked it up and they don't start passing out the free crystals until 11:00 a.m. on Wednesdays, Thursday, and and Saturday. Okay, so we've got a little bit of time. Got a little bit of time. We're just hanging out. >> I'm ready to try some food. I don't know about you. >> Always ready for food booths. >> Look how pretty this is. Get out and play garden. It's called. >> Yeah, that's cool. >> Camp. Get out and play garden. >> So fun. We saw a cardinal when we were walking around the All-Star Resorts. Fun. Yeah, they're out and about. >> They are. >> Mhm. I found a spike for our scavenger hunt when we do later. >> I found two already. >> All right. See how bad where we're at now. Oh, he's going in the store maybe to find us. Yeah. >> Oh, I found some more topiaries, Mom. >> Monsters, Inc. That's a new spot for them. >> And they haven't had Monsters, Inc. in I don't know how long. That's cool. Oh my word. Look at that one. It's got eyeballs. So cute. Love it. >> And then here is Monsters, Inc. We got Mike and Sully. Looks like from Monsters University cuz he has a retainer in a That's so cute, man. Sully is tall. >> Yeah, he is. >> Tall and skinny. Oh, cuz I think he's from Monsters, Inc., so he's supposed to be like a younger Sully. >> They haven't been here since 2013. Wow. Okay. >> What is it? >> What is it? >> That one over there. >> Oh. Oh, across. Sorry, I couldn't Sully was in the way. I couldn't see it. So, yeah. Yeah, we have another monster here. And then, oh, there's a Montreal. Got to see the Montreal go by. And then we've got this one back here. Mom saw cute. Got to love it. >> Yeah, maybe he will, Emily. That's a good point. Sully hasn't gained his freshman 15 yet. There you go. Andy's in the chat. Are you on your way here, Andy? We saw Sharon. That's right. Spike Dubby. Where can he be? Oh, where can he be? Spike Dubby. >> Hi. How are you? >> I'm doing well. Yeah. >> Enjoying the day today? >> Yes. >> It's gorgeous. >> Yeah. It's very exciting. Yeah, >> I like things around. >> Yeah, me too. It's it's it's fun that they're not in the same spot all the time. >> Yeah, >> agreed. Cool. Well, enjoy your day. >> Bye. I >> think dad's lost us. >> Lost us. >> This is um one of the booths. This is brunch cot. This is where the French toast is going to be. You're going to Disney in April. That's exciting. Well, we'll just kind of stay put. Maybe that'll help him. Oh, there he is. Dad. Absolutely. Whatever. Just >> haven't been to Epcot since 2019. >> Yep. >> Gully or Sully. >> Sully. Hey, how are you? Good morning. Got >> it. Cleared up. It's so pretty. >> I know. It's gorgeous. >> I love it. >> Have fun. >> Yes. Battery check. We're at 39%. So, I think we're okay. That's why we stayed right here. We were waiting on you. >> Okay. Thank you. >> Yeah. I I I can I could see you, but I couldn't tell exactly where. >> Yeah, no worries. This is where we're going to get the the French toast. So, let's go check out the menu. They open in about 15 minutes. They got French toast, avocado toast here. They have chicken and waffles back at the Honey Beastro, so we might want to go back that way. There's so many things we need today. But here is the menu. They also have a fruit cereal shake. Vanilla soft serve with fruit flavored breakfast cereal. That sounds so good. Oh, this one doesn't open till 11:30. >> On Tuesdays through Thursday. Today's Wednesday, so yeah, 11:30. Hi. >> How are you? >> Oh my god, she's right there. Hi. >> A Do you want to say hi? >> I do want to say hi. Hi. This is my friend. This is my friend Sue. >> Hello. Oh, little getaway. >> Great to see you. You would be here. Oh, you got to go find >> I'm glad you did. What are your kids' names? >> Um, oh, I got Well, we got a lot of them and I have to say hi to So, Megan in England and Logan. Uh, Lindsay in Alabama and Matt and then Arty and Brianna in Pennsylvania. Wow. All the kids. >> That's awesome. >> Katie in California. She's my niece. >> So, we always have to say hi. >> A That's so sweet. That's awesome. Amazing. >> So, I've got five grandchildren, all six, but we've got Adelaide, Everett, and Henry, and then Ally and Nicholas in London. >> A cute. I love that. >> Last year, we didn't get to see you when we were >> a That's too bad. But glad it worked out today. She's awesome. >> We did track down. >> Did you? Okay. >> Over by. >> Oh, nice. >> Good deal. >> Yeah. It's great to see you, too. I knew you would be here. >> Oh, got to. You know, this is my favorite festival, too. So, >> can't miss it. >> Yeah. >> Great to see you. >> Nice to see you. Enjoy your day. >> Awesome. >> Yes, that's right, Tim. It's like cake toast kind of sort of. >> Let's see. I think there's pictures over here. Let's go see the pictures of the yummies. I always like pictures. So, this is what the avocado toast looks like. It was good last year. I'm sure it's good this year. We've got shrimp and grits. And then we have the French toast. Oh no, Kelsey, you forgot where you put it. So yeah, this doesn't open until 11:30 on different days. So there you go. Megan says, >> uh, Meg Cath Fran says, "Hello, Mom. We We are watching in England." Oh, that's awesome. I think your daughter is watching in England. And she said, "Hello, mom. We miss you. >> That's awesome. >> She's probably Well, she could be home by now. Maybe she's at school. She's a teacher. >> A That's so cool. >> Very nice. >> They do need a cake toast. Yes. >> Oh, thank you, Kiara. >> You're welcome. Hi, Leaf. Be there on Friday for your birthday. Happy early birthday. >> All right. Well, sorry. True. I'm going to head this way. Actually, this way. >> Enjoy your day. >> You created your game plan for when you're here. That's awesome. Your favorite festival. Me, too. We almost have 2,000 in the chat. Thanks, everybody. All right, we're going to go back over to get the chicken and waffles. >> Okay, >> sound good. >> Uhhuh. >> Chicken and waffles time. >> It's across the way at the Honey Beastro. >> Yes, of course. Hello. Thank you so much. >> A so adorable. >> Thank you for all that you do. >> Of course. Do you want to say hi on the stream? >> What's your name? >> I'm Natalie. I'm from Richmond, Virginia. >> Nice to meet you, Natalie. >> Can we get a quick picture? >> Of course. >> I will do that. >> Thank you. >> Yeah, of course. Nice to meet you, too. >> I think I >> Awesome. Nice to meet you. >> Nice to meet you, too. >> Enjoy your day. >> All right. You as well. >> Thank you. Bye. >> Enjoy the sunshine. >> Okay, we're going to go this way. >> Wow, look at all these. Hey, living in D. Yes, I agree. A new festival on a beautiful morning. My family is in test track hoping they find you to say hello. Oh, that would be awesome. Tell them to come say hi. We're going to head toward some booths to eat. Try out some yummies. >> Yeah, I'm glad mom and dad were able to come out today with me. Hi, Mike. Not too hot yet. It's like that perfect in between. It's getting a little, you know, a little warmer, but it's The breeze is amazing. It's not as humid, which is great. >> But trying to decide if we should go straight up the middle or around. Maybe we'll go around. We almost have uh 18. Well, you do have 18. We almost have 1,900 people in the chat. Please bop the like button and subscribe if you're new. Also, check out one of our awesome sponsors. If you want to book your trip right here to Walt Disney World, mickeyras.com will help you book your trip. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself and they um will book it all for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com. Also, mickeyblog.com. Go check them out for all of the latest Disney news. Guys ready for some food? >> All right. >> Hot dogs. >> They did have a hot dog, but it was spicy. >> Oh, some furb. >> Yeah, >> they're still planting. I love it. Getting all the details there. So cool. >> We got a thinking conto going again over here. >> Hot diggity dog. That's right. Sorry if I missed your chat. It is very bright outside. Um so I can't see very well. chat. I got to put on my sunnies. No, we can't talk about that, Bruno. He doesn't like it. All right, that would be fun to do all the flowers for the festival. That would be so fun. And the topiaries. So guys, also go check out resorttv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy. If you guys are wanting to move here to be closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, resort tv1homes.com will help you do that. Um, go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Again, resortvomes.com brokered by EXP Realy. See if we can get in this line because it's probably already started if it's opening at 11:00. Hi Isabelle. Hey Matt. How are you? >> Can smell the flowers. They smell amazing. See if there's a line for the beastro already. >> Well, >> there's a picnic table back here, Mom, if you want to save it and then I'll go get in line with dad and then help him carry it over. How about that? >> Sounds good. >> Get your get your water out. >> Um, do you want a chicken and waffle? Or maybe we'll get two and we can share the two of them. Maybe >> do that. Okay. Um, there's this one right here if you want. >> Or there's none in the shade. Sorry, Mom. >> Or if you don't want to sit. I'm fine standing, too. Whatever you want to do. If you'd rather find shade. >> Up to you. Do you want to just go find some shade? That might be better. >> Up to you. >> I was going to see if she wanted to get shade. It's pretty pretty >> sunny back there. I got you. >> Maybe we can find a table in the shade. >> All the booths don't open till 11:30. Are you serious? Okay, that's new. >> Well, never mind then. I guess we'll just start walking around. Interesting. So, they're different this year. Okay. I know. I don't like that. I'm not going to lie. That's That's weird. >> Okay. Never mind. The booths don't open till 11:30. >> Oh, >> well, >> let's go ride Mexico. >> That's disappointing. >> Oh, well, in the past they always opened at 11. A thanks Poo Bell. >> I'm not sure. >> Do it peach. >> That sounds good. >> Yeah. Well, let's go out this way. We'll go ride Mexico and then we'll see if it's getting close to 11:30. Hi, how are you? Good. Good. >> Oh, that's awesome. What part? Indianapolis. >> Oh, nice. Okay. >> Love that. >> Yeah, we've met you before. >> Very nice. That's >> having fun. >> We are despite the >> not today, but we will for sure. We will for sure. >> I think we'll just buy one. >> We did buy one just cuz the the little flower is adorable that you get. Yeah. >> Oh no. >> I just had to sh >> Oh no. >> Disney is a lot of walking. That is for sure. >> So we just been hanging out forever. Yeah, the weather's gorgeous. >> Thank you so much, Ranger Mike. >> Appreciate that. >> Could smell the flowers. Oh, very cool. That's awesome. >> Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Yeah. So, you got >> Yeah, there was a little storm coming through there. So, >> we got that from We left and it was like everyone said, "Oh, there's three." >> Oh, no. I'm glad you missed it. >> Awesome. The bottom. >> Where's a good place to get a snack? Well, we were hoping the booths opened at 11:00, but they don't open till 11:30. So, I mean, there's maple popcorn over here. You can never go wrong with Canada's maple popcorn. So, yeah. Or Norway. They have some good treats in Norway, too. >> Just have to go snack. >> Yeah. >> Well, enjoy your time. >> You, too. Nice to see you again. >> You, too. Bye. >> Tractor. >> All right, guys. We're going to head this way cuz we're not going to be eating till 11:30. Now, >> are you Resort One TV? >> I am. Yeah. >> How are you? >> Good. How are you? What's your name? >> Modern Man. >> Oh, okay. I saw you in the chat earlier. How you doing? I'm good. Do you want to say hi? >> Sure, why not? >> Awesome. Where are you from? >> Uh, I'm live here in Orlando. >> Perfect. Even better. Yeah. >> Nice. Are you enjoying the first day of the festival so far? >> Uh, absolutely. Although I just heard that the booths don't open till >> We just heard two. I'm very disappointed, but oh well, we'll figure it out. Just a half an hour different >> excuse to hang out longer. >> Exactly. 100%. I love that. We're gonna go see if we can go ride Mexico. So, >> all right. Well, have a great day. >> You, too. >> Good to see everybody. >> See you later. >> Have fun. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody's hungry, though. >> I wonder why they decided to do that. I mean, I know there's a reason. Maybe they're just not as busy at 11. People are riding rides and stuff. >> It's all good. Resort budgeting is here. Cody Bear, I am hungry. Yeah. Well, I was just hoping to show you guys some of the booths sooner than later, but that's okay. Like I said, we'll get them. It just will be a little bit longer than we thought, right? I mean, I So, correct me if I'm wrong, but I think every festival I've gone to, they open at 11:00. I could be wrong. And there might be certain booths that don't open right at 11:00. But usually most of them do. >> I don't know, maybe I'm wrong. >> Yeah, mom and dad are here. Yep. No, they've been hanging out a little bit more lately. Grand Fiesta is at a five minute wait. Awesome. Let's go. All right, Grand Fiesta's 5 minutes. That's what I thought. 11:00 a.m. Oh my word. Look at this line for pins. Wow. I'm good. I like pins, but not that much. I get it, though. >> That is the pin line. Yes. >> Is that where you get your special pins for this >> for the festival? Yeah. >> Oh my goodness. I mean, I like pins, but not that much. >> There's a lot of people that love pins, though. >> Yeah. I thought they always opened at 11, but like I said, all good. All good. >> I know. It's amazing, isn't it? Stop and get a donut. >> I mean, I'm fine with that. >> They got some good ones. >> They do have a very berry matcha latte. That sounds good. They also have tr and trellis over here. They've got pork ribs, garden vegetable flatbread, and this chocolate mousse terrarium. I got that last year. It was really good, actually. Oh, man. They're going to be waiting a while. They think it's 11:00 as well. Or maybe these open at 11:00. They're getting set up over here. Says 11:30 as well. They all say it. Uh 220. >> We have Coco and Dante over here. Always love them. Oh, there's an Orange Bird guy. I didn't hear about this. >> Pretty cool. >> Orange bird citrus blossom smoothie and a sou souvenir orange bird zipper. A He's cute. I don't need him, but he's cute. >> That's right. You'll have to go get school bread before. >> There's a new orange bird sipper. I had to show them. >> Looks cute. I work at Starbucks and they just came out with an ube coconut cream macchiato drink. Oh, fun. I saw they came out with all the um new spring drinks today. I also saw that they had a little bear barista, a Bayerista plushy keychain, and I really want it, but I'm sure it's already sold out. >> Did you guys get those at your Starbucks? Emar says you need him. >> He's cute. All right, let's head inside. Can smell the yummies already. You saw the souvenir that were on the menu. Yeah, I've heard nothing about it this year. I don't know why. My eyes got to adjust. I'm going to wait on mom and dad. Oh, I'm so sorry. You called me. I hope hope you're all right. All right. Ready? >> Hey, >> let's go. We only got two. I kind of wanted one, but they got punches before I could. Oh, no. See, I don't get why Starbucks does that. Why don't they get more than two? >> That's really odd to me. >> They know they're going to be popular. Hard to see. >> All right. Who's ready for some >> Gran fiesta tour with Donald and all the friends? Donald and friends. The three caviaros. Trace caviaros. Trace caviaros. What's good in here? I know you are three birds of a feather. >> Plant Donald will be perfect for flower and garden. I mean, they technically have a plant Donald. We saw him outside. He was topiary. But yeah, it would be fun if they had some in in the ride as well. I know, right? Purple fire makes no sense. >> Oh, that's awesome, Damon. Yeah, >> everybody's glad you guys are here. >> Feels good in here, huh? >> Starting to get a little warm. We're in trouble this summer. I put a little on my neck. >> Oh, no. >> We have three. >> Perfect. Thank you. >> Got it. >> Yep. Perfect. >> All right, guys. Enjoy the ride. We will not be chatting. It is wet right here, so I'm going to scoot towards you. Thank you. Oh, you're holding it again. Welcome. I have to say and this is I don't know Excuse me. Bye-bye. I am destructive. anymore. There you go. It's show time. Ha. Now we got you. We got you. We have the stars to guide us. What names I can? I don't know. Get us on doors. >> We'll be watching for you. Mexico. >> See you again. >> Hey, catch us some food. >> You're a terrific audience. >> See you next time. >> Goodbye. >> Hey, please wait for your food. Remember to stay after the boat reaches the dock and handle your belongings and exit to the right. >> Remember to stay seated. A poor little guy. one. >> Yep. >> All right, that was fun. Now we leave about 15 minutes before open. >> All right, guys. Let me hit that button to bump up the quality. There's a line for Lava already. the rope dropping the margaritas. >> You're welcome, Canadian Disney family. Thanks for being here. Guys, while we're walking out of Mexico, I'm going to chat about another sponsor, David's Vacation Club Rentals. Go check them out at dbcrequest.com/tv. If you're wanting to uh book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, again, check them out at dbcrequest.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from Davis. dbcrequest.com/tv. That's right, Byron. I would need food before that margarita. Just saying. At least today. Maybe not every day, but today. All right, let's see. >> Can I get something for you, Dad? >> Well, I'll let you hold the stream for a second. >> Okay. >> Oh, they're heavy. >> Heavy. >> There's a lot on there, I think. Yeah. >> I forgot I have sunglasses that I can >> stream. And still, you know, helps a little. It doesn't help as much. >> Oh my good. Aren't they cute? >> They're really cute. >> Oh my goodness. >> So, they >> Well, they do. I just bought these because >> Can I show them? >> Yeah. Oh, well that makes sense. >> There you are. That's so cool. Take the glare down a little. >> It helps just a little, you know, the edge off. The nice thing about them, too, is I don't have to take them off when I go inside. >> Oh, yeah. >> Oh, that's true. >> I can leave them on all day. >> I love it. >> Thanks. And yeah, if I if I wear too dark, I can't see the screen. So, >> all day. Yeah. >> But they do make darker ones. I have those, too. Mom said, "Of course you do." >> A thanks, Disney mom. Exactly. Why not? >> Get a margarita with a popsicle, Tim says. Oh, a look at that doggo. He's so cheap. >> Everybody's looking for lunch. >> Yep. >> And margaritas. >> Oh, yeah. >> Actually sounds good. Nice and refreshing. >> Good morning, the gurgling suitcase. Thanks for uh bringing the uh Thanks for bringing the opening covering. I bet I will be there on the 14th. Hope to run into you. Oh, that's awesome. >> Hey, New New Orleans Disney Mom Bar. Hello. Exactly. >> Good idea. >> That's correct. >> Let's see what food they have here. >> Go check it. 1116. Okay. So, they have tempura shrimp, >> uh, cinnamon beignetes, lumpia, and a lemon tart. >> The tempura shrimp. >> Yeah, >> we've had that before over >> the Japan. >> Mhm. >> Well, let's head back towards the um Hello. How are you? So, good. Good. um towards the honey beastro. >> Beastro this way. >> And then when we get over and get our food, I need to plug in. So help me remember. Plug it in. Plug it in. >> Yeah. Miguel and Dante. It's like >> not open, but people are waiting. >> Hi Jenn. Hi. How are you? Good. How are you? >> Good. Where are you guys from? >> Here. >> Oh, you're from here. Okay, cool. Cool. >> Security pass over here. >> Oh, nice. Okay. Awesome. >> Yeah. Gotcha. >> Are you enjoying your day? >> Yeah. How are you doing? >> Doing well. It's fun to be at the opening day of the festivals. >> Are you pleased with it? >> I am. I'm I'm a little sad that the booths don't open till 11:30, but other than that, yeah, >> they do open later. They even open at all, but I guess they do. >> Yeah. Yeah, I know. I I kept going around to all of them thinking they were going to be open and then nope. And one said 11:30. >> Oh, okay. >> But 11 on certain days. It It was random. So, I don't know. >> Anyway, other than that, yes. >> You, too. Enjoy your day. >> You, too. >> Bye. >> Yes, they're grilling over there. >> So, yeah. Not every day do they open at 11:30. Um, some days they open at 11:00. So, it just depended. I think it was weekends, maybe Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday they open at 11:00. I'm not sure. We'll have to look at the sign again. Yeah, I'm sure that they're forming lines now. I bet that honey beastro is pretty long. We're gonna go see. >> Really like your sunnies. Where did I get? I got them right here. They have them in the parks. Um, and they're not sold out, which is good. Here goes the Montreal again. We've seen the orange one quite a bit today. Love that though. It fits with the bright bright colors of the flowers. The martins are there in full force. Yes. And they always have the Martin houses for them. Fur. How about four? Let's go with four. for them. For them, you know what I mean. A thanks, proud patriot. That's so sweet. I love them. Like I said, they cut a little bit of the sun, the brightness. Um, but they don't shade the screen so I can actually see what you guys are saying for the most part. Oh, we're at 18%. Man, the battery is going quick today. I think it's the the warm sun. >> Oh, okay. The lines are getting liny. >> They're getting a little liny today. >> There's a line for the uh this one. What's it called? Honey beastro. Oh my goodness. All right, then. >> Okay. All right. Shall we do this or shall we go up to the um connections and get some food there? What do you guys think? >> Well, we're not the only one. >> Do you want to get this or do you want to go up and get the scallops and blueberry crumb cake? What sounds better? >> Chicken and waffles. The other one's inside. >> You want to go inside? I bet you >> Okay. Mom says yes. All right. >> Sorry. Excuse us. Thanks. >> Yeah, we'll get this another time. I knew it would be busy. I knew it would be popular. >> I know. >> It's not a stick, but it's fine. It's fine. The weather is very nice. It's just warmer than what we've been used to lately. >> You know, lately, um, it's been chilly on the chillier side, but then when the sun goes behind the the clouds, it's perfect. So, that's how you know it's not as humid today. I know everybody in their spring colors. It's so nice. >> Oh, we'll get in line for something. >> And then we got to plug in. Plug it in. Plug it in. Hopefully we can find a table somewhere to sit inside. If not, we have some outdoors as well. I don't know what the the temp is. I'd have to look at my phone. And I don't have a hand at the moment. We're at 940 likes. Let's get to 1,000. Let's do a rapid fire bop. Okay. So, all you have to do is close out of the chat, find the thumbs up, or if you're on a TV, get your phone or mobile device and um bop bop the thumbs up. And you can only bop it once cuz if you bop it twice, it takes it away. All right, are you guys ready? Are you set? up the like button and subscribe if you're new. >> All right, we're going this way into the >> uh whatever that's called. Communicore Hall. That's it. >> I knew it started with a C. I just couldn't think of what it was called. >> I got it. Hey, Maddie. How are you? There's a Liam. Hello, Liam. All the friends today. You guys missed my outfit. Well, I guess dad showed it, didn't he? I got Oh, I got the wrong button. That's what I got. I got my sunny's my flower and garden ears from a couple years ago. I did get the ones from this year cuz they're amazing. Spiked a bee and a shirt from a couple years ago. Super cute. It's my fit check today. You're like the young ends. Fit check. I'm young, right? I'm cool. I'm hip. I think if you say that, you're not, right? If you say you're cool and hip, then you're probably not. That's me. Goodness. Okay, we got the flight of the bumblebee. Oh, that's so fun. You going to get in line? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> You guys want to get? >> Yeah, we're going to try. >> Um, it's over here. Let's get the scallops, the blueberry. Maybe two scallops and a blueberry. >> Okay. >> Or two and two if you want. >> Oh my. >> Well, at least we're inside. Oh, I found a table. No, I didn't. >> You threw it in it. >> We found it. >> I knew it was going to be a longer one, but hey, at least we're inside. >> Yeah. So, two two scallops and two blueberries. >> Yes. >> Uh-huh. It's uh Here, we'll go look at the menu while you're in line. Here, Mom. Let's go look at the menu. Okay. So, >> I know you don't want scallops. You're not a fan, right? But they do have a blueberry crumble cake uh with soft serve and blueberry compost. It was good last year. Remember? >> So, two I guess we could do one scallop and two blueberries or Yeah. >> Twins. We can go somewhere else, of course, and get some food. >> Wait, where'd that go? I lost him. >> Huh? >> Where'd he go? >> Oh, there he is. Oh, he got a table. >> Sorry. Excuse me. Thank you so much. >> Get outside. >> Oh, we're like, where'd that dad go? He disappeared. >> I got your table. >> Good job, Dad. >> All right. Here, I'll >> say. Yeah. All right. >> Oh, did he? >> I don't know. >> I think it just opened. So, >> all good. >> Good job, Dad. Oh, see that hasn't even opened. Once it start Once it opens, it's going to start moving pretty quick. Everybody say hi to mom. >> She's got her spiked the bee shirt on from last year. I have that one, too. I love it. >> Let's go ahead and put the Okay, there we go. Do you have your Winnie the Pooh earrings in See, that works cuz Honey, Winnie the Pooh, and Spike the Bee. >> Well, there are a lot of flowers out and about. >> Yeah. >> Are you allergic? >> Well, All right, Mom. You good hanging out? I might walk them around. If you can hold the table, that'd be awesome. >> All right, you're in charge. We only need three, you know, three of the chairs. So, if somebody needs that, we're good. Thank you. >> Text whenever you're getting close and then I'll come and help you, Carrie. >> Oh, okay. Okay. >> So, it sound um sounds like maybe two scallops and a blueberry. Unless you want to share the scallops. >> Yeah. >> She doesn't want scallops. >> So, it just be me and you. But she does want the cake. >> Okay. So, get two two cakes and maybe one >> one scallop. Sure. >> Okay. >> She Yeah, she's good. >> Nice shirt, Dad. Yeah. >> Oh, the the dwarf one. Sorry. I just It just clicked. Yep. I think you're right. It has. And we didn't even go over there yet to see uh his dwarfs. Waiting around to see uh Good morning there. Magnolia Terrace booth in America is underrated uh spicy chicken gumbo. Oh, gotcha. See, I can't do spicy. So, but if you do, that's perfect. That's awesome. Hit the road, Jack. So, this booth And then they've got the breakfast one um on the other side with the French toast. Oh, I should have brought my wallet and I could have gotten that line. Darn it. I left it with mom. >> Well, it's going to take a hot minute to get that food. What's over here at the Florida Fresh? Forgot there was a booth here. Let's go look. Got to plug you guys in. I keep forgetting. Okay. Florida fresh. Let's check what they got. Punch fritters. Black and fish slider. Florida strawberry shortcake. Yum, yum, yum. Cucumber watermelon fleshy. That was good last year. I remember they also have it with Jen with a side of me. No, I'm just kidding. Let's just do a little walkabout. I really wanted the chicken and waffles, but man, that line was liny. It was very liny. Yes, the French toast. I have to get the French toast. I should I should go get my wallet, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to carry it. You know, we got a whole long time for the festival. We can try it another day. We'll try it another day. What a pretty day. Oh, were they good last year? Awesome. You got gifted a membership. Oh, let's see. Did I miss it? Was it from another day? Hi, Ellen. I'm sorry you're feeling sick. I don't see that somebody gifted one today, so maybe it was another day that you got gifted. That's so sweet, though. Uh, keep an eye on the battery. Yes. Oh, yes. We're at 11%. I better go plug us back in. All right. What a fun morning so far. I hope you guys have enjoyed it. If only we had a credit card. I know, right? Tin, you want to hand yours through the through the stream? I should set up Apple Pay. I never have and I just pay with my watch or my phone. Going to be there in exactly two weeks. Oh, that's so exciting, Frank. Oh, you're welcome. I'm glad this that the stream is helping today. Hi, Tracy. The art festival only goes on for like a month and a half, something like that. It's very short. Very, very short festival compared to the other ones. Good morning, Sassy Sarah. She says, "Good morning, Jazzy Jenna." I love it. Thank you. Hi, Diana. That's where we were coming up with our names after Sassy Sarah, Jazzy, Jenna, Shine, and Sharon. We have um Oh man, I can't remember what Jesse and Jesse were. One was joyful Jesse. Oh, wow. The line. Oh, it went in here. Okay, I see. I see. There's Dad. >> Hi, Mom. >> Hey, how are you? >> Good. Good. >> Happy first day. >> Yes. Happy first day. It's always fun to be here on opening day. >> There's so much energy as usual. >> Agreed. I agreed. Unlike regular days. >> So, what's your goal for today? >> Well, we were going to go try the chicken and waffles, but the line was nuts. >> Where's the chicken and waffles? >> It's at the Honey Beastro. >> So, we decided to come in here and try try these. >> Sorry, guys. >> Everybody say hi to Jojo. >> Hi, everybody. >> So, what what about you? How do you >> I'm just trying to gra I'm trying to get something new that doesn't have a long line. >> I love that plan. >> And I have like four different spots of new stuff I want to try. >> Okay. >> So, whatever is short, >> I'll go for that. >> That's a great plan. Probably the back of World Showcase. >> Yeah, that's that's where I'm headed. I'm ready to get myself. >> It's my uh >> it's my last day in the parks for a while. >> I mean, you know, >> probably have a an idea. >> Yeah, I I talked about it. >> Oh. Oh, okay. Okay. >> We're going on a trip. >> Nice. Sounds good. See you. >> Okay. >> Everybody saying hi to Jojo. >> Yeah. >> All right, guys. >> We got to plug in. I noticed we were down to like 11%. That's no good. >> All right, we are plugged. We are charging. Glad you noticed. >> Yeah, Amara thankfully reminded me. >> Thanks, Amara. All right, guys. Check this out. I'm going to go ceiling stream for a second because we have >> Spike the bee on the moon. Isn't that adorable? >> I love it. >> Love it. Love it. >> Spike the bee. >> Mhm. He's adorbs. >> Oh yeah, for sure. Disney mama. We're friends with a lot of the other Disney vloggers. I remember meeting Jojo for the first time. He used to work at Magic Kingdom. >> Yes, I am. >> And he came over to say hello. We got 2020 in the chat. Not a good year, but a good number for the chat. >> Hey Regina, how are you today? Hello everybody. >> Sounds like the jamters are about to go again. I'm >> trying to keep an eye on dad. I told him to text me when he got close and I can go help him carry. Yeah. >> Oh, he's not close. He's We've got a few more minutes. But at least we have a table >> and we're charging. Yeah, it's cool. >> Yeah. Yeah, exactly. >> My husband Ste and my sister Libby are coming down in April. We all can't wait to visit Flower Garden. That's awesome. It's a great festival. Is it your fave? >> It's my favorite. >> I know. I've said that. >> I would say it's my favorite. >> So, not only do you get the food, but you get the flowers, the topiaries, >> um, all the pretties. >> Yeah. >> Oh, Regina's in between flights. That's awesome. Thanks, Douglas. Hi Johnny. Can you give my sister Ann a shout out? I'm sure she's ninja listening at the office. Hello Ann. Thank you Jules. I love them. They're great. However, they do get a little tight with the ears on. But any glasses with your ears on pushes the glasses into your head. >> So it's what you got to do for Disney fashion. >> Yeah. I guess you can't put the ears in front of it. No. >> I know. I wish I could like that. Uh, we're going tomorrow. I can't wait. My granddaughter's first Disney vacation. Oh, that's awesome. Hi, Lee. Good morning. How are you? Well, while we're sitting here, let's get out the little handy dandy flower and garden booklet. Good idea. That's what it looks like. I think it's very similar to last year's cover. Thanks, Sabrina. Mammy Tracy says it'll be here in May. Do you think though? I don't know. That's a great question. You never know when they're going to sell out of those little flowers or, you know, prizes from the scavenger hunt. Sometimes they go quick, sometimes they don't. I think these are going to go quick. I just don't know how many they have. So, hi Susie. Great question. You know the Stitch Chopi we saw a while ago? It reminds me if they do an angel chopi along with Stitch, they need to decorate her with tons of pretty pink flowers. I love that idea. Also, why didn't they decorate um Stitch with flowers? That is a really good question that I don't know the answer to. Hi, Genevieve. Was there last year in April? Are there any other interesting food and treat? Food and treats uh you have on your must try. Yes, I want the French toast for sure. Um at brunch. I think dad has it. >> I think he picked it up. >> I think he did. >> And then we were somewhere else. >> You're right. All right, guys. So, they are going to have peach cobbler in here, but that doesn't come until April 6th. So, we'll have to come back for the peach cobbler. >> Yeah, >> cuz that sounds delicious. Habiscus lemonade cocktail. >> I know. You should make some. Mom makes the best. Be nectar punk lemonade. Frozen lemon tea and the habiscus lemonade cocktail. Okay. Where's dad? >> Oh, there he is. All right, I will go help dad. >> He's ordering. >> Oh, I see. >> If you want to um chat with the people, mom, I'm just going to have it pointed up though so that they can >> pretty. So, you don't have to hold it. It's fine. >> You might want to scoot your chair. >> Yeah, I was going to do that. >> You want to point them at the at the pretties. >> All right. Hi everybody. >> Hi Mega. Mega Brian. I am Mara to the Vet Rits. Hi, Lisa. Hi, Cody Bear. Bit Rids. I know. Isn't it amazing? It's just fun just to come look. Har, you're right. I'm in charge now. Hi, Amara. Oh, hi Melts. Hi from Indiana. I do miss it. Especially when it's really hot down here. Hi Lee. >> Lee, I'm doing good. Thanks. Hope you are too. Bit ritz. I agree. Hi Ev. Hi Jonathan. Hi Noel. Hi Brian from Missouri. Hi Catherine. Embry artist. Um, probably not. Never thought about it. Oh, >> hi Britney. If you can you can Yeah, if you can dream it. Uh, let's see. That was Hi. No. Yeah. Okay. Craig. Yep. All is good. Hope it is with your family, too. >> All right. That's good, Mom. >> Huh? >> It's fine there. If you just want to >> You're fine. Just move your chair. >> Oh, yeah. Duh. I >> forgot that I moved it. >> No worries. >> Yep. Look at that, sweetie. Oh boy. >> I know. >> That look great. >> All right. >> Let's see. Do I see over here, J? >> That's fine. Yeah. >> Okay. Let's show the piece what we got here. Okay. Here we go, guys. So, we've got Oh, maybe. There we go. We've got the scallops and the peach crumble. I forgot what it's called. We'll have to We'll look in here. Um, but it's got I think it's black. Is it blackberries or blueberries? I can't even think it's blueberries. >> Yeah, blueberries with blueberry soft serve. >> Yeah. >> But it all looks amazing. >> This is in the community hall. >> Okay. Oh, good idea. >> Wonder if that's enough. >> They love your They They love your dwarf shirt and they want you to go back and um you know, see the dwarfs maybe. >> Okay. >> Yeah. Somebody sent me this shirt. You >> um Jewels, I think. >> Oh, jewels. Yes, I think. >> I Okay. Florida fresh. It says, >> uh, not Florafresh, the other side. >> Uh, the other one. >> Farmer's fresh beast. >> Yes. >> Um, blueberry, lemon, zest, soft, and blueberry compost. >> Okay. >> Comput. >> Oh, peach comp. >> That comes in April. >> Oh, we're going to have that. >> All right, Mom, get your spoon and dig in. >> Okay. >> Got your water. Yeah. Got waters. Um, sweet. Almost dropped it. Okay. >> Try this. Woohoo. >> It is kind of dark with these in here. Oops. >> But I'm going to go with it. Supposed to >> Oh, thank you so much. Oh, you're coming Easter week. That's awesome. >> Supposed to eat this thing. >> I remember, Rob. I mean, if you want. It's a jarnney shot. How is it? >> Dad was talking about this. >> All right, let's give these scallops a try. I only got one knife. Sorry. >> Oh, no worries. >> We can share. >> Okay. >> Yeah. What a great morning. This is I mean fun. >> Oh, >> especially after getting up and then the fog, you know, and driving in a little. Okay, cut mine and then we'll >> There you go. >> I look so festive. Thank you. With my pink sunnies. >> So, we got the scallops here. >> This looks really good. >> You cannot go wrong with those. >> Good. Good. >> Oh my goodness. >> I like scallops. Yeah. >> Thanks, Canadian Disney fam. Have you ever tried a scallop? I don't remember. >> You want to try? Here. >> Try some. >> I mean, you want one small pe bite or no? >> Here. >> Here, honey. >> Well, here. I'll get Let me see. Maybe get Yeah, transfer it. Yeah, >> good idea. >> I don't know what to do with this. It's >> It's a sprout of some kind, isn't it? Or or you know, or >> Yeah. Bean sprout. >> Yes. I showed you what the food look like. If >> I can show you again here, I'm just going to wait. >> That's good. Very good. >> Scallops >> in pea risoto, right? Or is it pee? >> Um, >> yeah, that's a good question. >> And then we got the berry crumble. That's all yours. I'm looking. >> It is. Well, I think you and dad are should >> Yeah, you're right, John. >> Yeah. >> Am I right? >> This might be a, you know, like a sprout, you know. >> Do you like this scallop? >> It's not bad. >> Mhm. >> It's not your >> It's not my favorite. >> Not your cup of tea. >> No. All good. >> Y >> texture and >> they remind me of shrimp, but yeah, it's easier to chew. >> Not yet. Yes, it is. >> No. >> M. That's good. >> Mhm. a flavor. >> You want more ice cream? >> Go ahead. But >> it's soft. >> I'd rather have something with protein. >> Well, try crackers. You got more peanut crackers. You tell me. >> Get out there. >> You didn't see anything you like there. That's why we didn't get it. >> No. >> Um, >> all they had was this and this. >> Well, Mom's unimpressed. >> Mom has trouble if hypocia. >> Yeah. >> You have a bar to hold you over until we get to another booth. >> It's got crackers. >> I got crackers. >> Peanut butter crackers. >> Mhm. >> That'll be good. >> Yeah. >> All the lines are going to be like this today. So, they are. >> Oh, yeah. First day, huh? Thanks for reminding me. >> You're welcome. >> Well, we got them last time. Yeah. >> Oh, yeah. Very good. >> That is good. >> Yeah. We were going to get the chicken and waffles, but the line there was just as long, if not longer, and you were outside waiting. So, >> and this one went pretty good when you're inside. You're right. It did go fast. >> I'm glad I found the table. >> I'm going to grab it. >> Is that broccoli, too? Is it peas and broccoli? >> That's what I got. >> Yep. I think it is. >> Nothing has, you know, they put the little seeds in. >> Oh, yeah. broccoli and other >> morning Ryan. I thought >> the store thing was good. That was very good. >> The shopping they had some good merch >> and they had it well organized because you could go in the way they did it to go in. new dog, you're going to get squashed all over. And and they had it. >> I agree. >> Good. >> Well, it was very well done. >> Yummy. >> Thank you, Debbie. >> Oh, we met some all the others that we met today. >> I know. So many. Yep. We always try to be here at the opening day of festivals if we can. >> So it's pea. We got spring pea risoto. They have grilled asparagus up there um with peas. >> All right. >> But scallop spring pea risoto lemon puree blatta. Hi Sure. I know some of the words are hard to read. >> Yeah. >> What did you think of the merch? >> Oh, it's really cute this year. The ears were my fave in the bag. Those are my two faves. >> Oh, that bag was cool. >> If they had a Spike the Bee tank top, I would have totally bought that. The Orange Bird one's cute. >> Oh. Um, I did hear they have a new at Magic Kingdom. They have a new um pirate tank top. I might have to go get >> Oh, >> it's got uh Remy from um going back to the pirate bar. A little parrot. >> Remy, not Remy. Remy. >> Yep. Was that an orange bird jacket I saw? Yes. It was kind of like a raincoat kind of. They have it over here, too. I've plugged in. Thank you guys for reminding me. We got 16%. >> Not resort budgeting. Wait, there's cake. >> First there was cake. Now there's toast. This plan is making me so hungry. >> Cleared out. Look. >> Mhm. >> The first rush. >> Yep. >> Ryan, uh, congrats on 5 months of Resort Hopper Bronze. Thank you so much, Ryan, for being a member for 5 months. Really appreciate it. Hey, Alberto. Oh, mom. Listen. >> Mhm. >> You know what it is? Her favorite is Winnie. >> Honey 100 Acre Woods. >> She might have a few Winnies. >> We got one big one we bought here from the UK. It's >> sitting in a chair all by itself staring at it. >> It's very cute. >> We love it. >> It is very cute. >> All right, I'm going in for the yummy. All right. >> Let me show you what I got now. Hey, Shadow Dragon. >> Good morning, Chrissy. >> Are you going to eat the rest of mom's? >> Mhm. I guess you're not Are you not going to eat it? >> No. >> Go ahead, honey. >> I know, but >> No, I'm I'm good. >> We can always get another. Okay. >> If you want to eat it, >> go ahead. We Yeah, >> I can share some with dad. Okay. Okay. Good morning. We'll be there in September for the food and wine festival. That's always fun, too. >> Really snazzy glasses. Thank you. >> Be careful with the blueberries. Sometimes those get >> Yeah, they um they're um >> I had blueberries on my cereal this morning. >> Oh, yum. >> Yeah, >> when they're cooked, I can have them. But when they're fresh, for some reason, they hurt my tummy. >> I've gotten used to them over time. Then, you know, you start out small, like four, five, six. >> I was going to let that happen. >> Oh, I can share, too. Yeah. Or you want the whole thing? >> Go ahead. You >> if I eat too many sweets, >> then my blood sugar's going to drop. >> Yeah. How many crackers did you have? >> Okay. Well, grab some more. We can always get >> Hey, Mega Baron. Uh, Ryan, $1.99 director's chair with the words on set. Aw, thanks, Ryan. That's very kind. >> So, is it >> hoping that this music is not copyrighted? If so, >> it might be u muted later. We'll see. >> Yeah. Is it cake streusel? Is that cake or what? >> Yeah, it's like a >> crumble cake. >> Yeah, crumble. Okay. >> I would say kind of like a Um, coffee cake is what it kind of tastes like to me with blueberries. >> It's good. >> It is very good. I do kind of look like a fl flower child, don't I? With flowers. >> Oh my goodness. This cake is amazing. >> We have been on test track. Yeah. >> Family. >> Hello. >> How are you? >> Good. How are you? >> Good. Enjoy is our number one station where we were looking at our death of the star. A a >> I'm Ashley with the orange earrings. >> Oh, cool. Yes. Yes. Good to see you. Thanks for watching. >> Here, sweetie. >> Want some more? >> We love you guys. We've been watching you guys from the beginning. Day one. >> Oh, >> it's amazing. >> Oh my goodness. >> Thank you so much. Where you guys from? >> Hi, Las Vegas. >> Cool. >> You having fun? >> We're having so much fun. >> Good. It's a beautiful day. Oh, >> nice to meet you guys, too. >> Nice to meet you, too. >> We've watched you for years. >> Thank you. >> Oh, wow. Appreciate you guys. You're so inspirational. >> A is one of my favorite characters. That is a good character. Y Oh, and you got the Marvel game. >> Oh my goodness sake. >> Awesome. Well, thank you for watching. >> There's We've seen a lot of people from Pennsylvania today. Yeah. >> Yeah. Oh, yeah. >> School's out. >> Oh my gosh. >> Got to get away. >> Well, have fun. Enjoy it. >> Yeah. >> Good to meet you. >> Bye. Bye. >> You sure you want more ice cream, sweetie? >> Haven't had enough protein, so they make my >> The blueberries. They're good. I like half frozen. I like that. >> But I'm like, you too. >> Got to be careful. >> The ice cream softer, though. M true. >> Hi Brian. >> We used to go pick blueberries. Remember when you were younger? Vincson's blueberries. >> You used to be able to eat them just fine. >> I don't know what happened. >> We probably all did, didn't we? >> Mhm. >> Yeah. All of us got older. >> Yeah. >> A Thank you for making memories. Yeah. We try to keep everything, you know, familyfriendly and positive as much as we can. That's really good. >> We are having fun. I hope you guys are too. >> It's a beautiful day. >> So, give you a different view than just me. >> Put this over here, Jen. I'll watch. >> Actually, I'll take some. I need to get my um Okay. >> Lactate for my ice cream. >> Oh, yeah. You take >> Thank you. >> Yeah. >> Thank you. >> Yep. It's soft serve, but I have to >> take one of those guys just in case. >> All right. >> I love how Spike is flying across the room. He almost from here. He almost looks like ET on the bike. Elliot. >> Yeah. >> Forgot his bicycle. >> Yeah, he did. Forgot your bike. Oh, he doesn't need one. He's got wings. >> Exactly. >> A It's good. >> It's good. Is it blueberry and lemon? I think I read. >> Yeah, I think so. >> I think so. >> So, let us know in the chat what we should try next. I wonder how this would be. Punch fritters. >> Oh, yeah. I saw them over there. I don't know. >> Yeah. >> With key lime something. >> Aioli. You want to try the chicken and waffles? >> No. You don't like chicken waffles? I'm picky. I got that for myself. Good. That's good. But got to wipe off the blueberries, though. >> Yeah. Oh, hello. How are you guys? >> Hi, guys. >> Hello. >> Hey. How are you? Sorry to bug you while we're eating. I think we did this last time. >> You're all good. I love >> the easiest to find when you're eating. >> It's true. I just stay put, right? I love the Florida outfit. >> We all got our spring gear on here. >> Yes. You're so good. I love it. >> I love it. Love it. Thank you. >> You look great. >> Thank you. I know. Somebody said I was like a flower child. >> Yeah, you are. You definitely are. Yeah, the glasses. The glasses. >> I know. I didn't >> We did go shopping earlier and we had to store the merch. So, >> I had to get those new ears. >> Yeah. We We were watching you guys when you were shopping. >> A little bit. Yeah. Try not to watch too much cuz then get Oh my gosh. >> I know. >> Exactly. >> We get it. >> Buy all the stuff. >> We do. >> Understood. For sure. Yeah, >> nice weather out too. It's just getting a little warm at the top. >> Yes, just a little and then it goes behind the cloud and the breeze is up. >> We just got here so we haven't tried any food yet. >> This is like a blueberry crumble. This was scallops >> right here. Yeah. Both good. >> Both good. >> Both scallops. >> Yeah, mom neither. >> Don't get me like either one. >> But the blueberry is very good. >> I like my fish. >> Yeah. >> I like salmon. Same as guy likes to eat >> anything salmon. Yeah. >> Blueberries. This is good. >> You like blueberries? >> It's very good. So refreshing. >> Excellent. >> I want to try the There's French toast I want to try. >> And I want to try the chicken and waffles. >> I saw that earlier. That looks pretty good. >> Where's the French toast? >> It's over at the brunch cot by Tessa. >> Oh yeah. 11:30. >> Yes, exactly. Thursday. >> Everything, right? I know. >> I know. I learned this day to this day and then this day to this day. >> I knew there was going to be a test later. So, >> good job. >> You passed. >> That's awesome. >> Enjoy your day. >> Enjoy your spouse again. See >> you guys. Hope you get to the merch store. >> Yeah. Yeah. We hit that last. >> Oh, yeah. Good idea. >> Good idea. >> Have fun. Enjoy everybody in the chat. >> All right. >> Have fun, guys. Daryl and Victoria, guys, if you're wondering, in the chat, >> your neighbor is there. Oh, funny. >> Oh, why? >> This is their >> All right. Well, >> almost done here. >> Yep. That's >> I'm just afraid to eat all the blackberries. >> Oh, I went blueberries. >> I was going to say not blackberries. >> Oh, blueberries. Sorry. I >> They look similar colorwise. Yeah, blueberries. Yeah, >> Darlene sent $5. >> Good afternoon, Jenna. It's great to hear your mom and dad's voice on the live. Have a wonderful time. >> Thank you, Darlene. >> I'm glad they were able to come today. >> Mhm. >> Very good. >> I know. It's quite the be on the moon. Yeah. Did you see that? It's >> nice how they do the these are like paper. >> Yeah. >> Probably recyclable. >> It's good. >> More than a plastic bowl would be. >> Mhm. >> Very good. >> That was very good. I would get that. I get both of them again. >> Like I like the scallop like you said. >> Hi Kyle. >> You got my taste buds. I sure did. >> Yeah. >> But I got mom's stomach. >> Your stomach that a lot of them, you know, don't sit well. A lot of things hurt our tummies. >> Hi, Anthony. Okay. We're going to move on here in a minute. >> I want to go over to brunch spot and see. >> Well, >> did you give mom her did you have a book ready? >> I did. >> Can we give it to mom and see if she sees anything she wants to eat or >> um I want to try the French toast, but I'm a little sweeted out right now. >> Yeah. But I guess we could try to get the chicken and waffles. That sounds good. >> The beastro. >> Oh, come on in. >> My avocado toast. >> Oh, >> it's way easier just finding a table there than carrying it all the way over here. >> Did you get the French toast? >> No, because I didn't have enough hands. I didn't bring my tray. >> Okay. I should have brought my tray with me. >> I get that. No, it's hard when you're by yourself. Thank you for letting me know you had a table. >> I did. I was They went They were going over there looked at the menu and I'm sitting in the line. I thought I saw a table. I'm going to grab it. I did it. >> And Wow, the lines for the food booth. Bring bring your patience. >> Yep. >> It's worth it once you get it. >> I think I'm just going to Starbucks. >> This is probably the best time to go to Starbucks. >> Everybody's out and they're growing the food. Yeah. >> Oh, the line's out. So, what yummy things have you tried that you can recommend to all your wonderful viewers? >> The scallops from here. >> Okay. >> Very good with the risoto. >> Good. Good. >> And the blueberry crumble cake with the blueberry soft serve. >> Well, delicious. >> Okay, good to know. >> Did they have this last year? >> I think they did. >> I think they did, too. And I really liked it. Yeah, >> this was different. I think we got the bumblebee. >> I love it. >> Oh, look. It lit up. Oh, >> they usually do. >> Yeah, >> they spike the bumblebee. >> Yeah, the caramel cake almost almost at once. I thought it almost tastes like cheesecake consistency. Yes. >> So, and then once it started moving, it was got better. >> Yeah. Everybody was asking, but every time you run into somebody said, "Well, what time is the boot?" They're not 11:30. Tuesday later, >> they were a little later. Yeah. I don't I thought maybe they weren't, but it's like Tuesday to Thursday is 11:30. Friday to Monday is 11:00. >> I did not know that. I thought every day was 11. Okay. >> That's what all the other customers are. The line for brunch count was so long. It kind of went up the sidewalk like toward creation. So I couldn't see if the booth was open and I almost asked the people in front of me, have you moved since you got here? Cuz it seemed like it now I get it wasn't open yet. Yes, >> they were they were ready. They had a lot of dishes made. You could see it was just ready to >> I think that's how they were here because once the line opened it went >> it went quick, didn't it? Yeah, >> it was very good. It was nice to get inside, too, cuz the sun was getting a little hot. But >> yes, >> you know, >> it's hot out. >> Yeah, >> very much new. I know. >> I know. >> Telling Jerry, I said sweaty. >> Why do we live here? >> We were cuz you were tired of the snow. >> Cuz right now you shoveling snow. >> We went from one extreme snow to the other extreme. Looks like today they're getting a lot of rain. Where we used to live. >> Somebody told us Illinois they were. Yeah, it was really bad in >> Really bad. >> Yeah. >> Like a You don't want to drive in this kind of rain. You're like 6 in today or something like that. That's crazy. >> Could be. >> It is. >> Well, I think we're going to go try maybe the chicken and waffles next month. >> Starbucks. >> Oh, I guess mom's not joining us today. >> Where's the chicken waffles? Um, old. Where is it, Jen? >> Which one? Chicken. >> Oh, it's at the Honey Beast truck. >> Oh, is that the one across from the old Starbucks? >> Yes. >> They Yeah, the temporary Starbucks. >> I still have the oldfashioned taste buds. >> You want the regular Starbucks? Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. I get you. Sweet. >> And you know it's going to be good. >> Yeah. But we're also trying it for the viewers. >> I could eat I could eat a waffle anytime. >> Take the bowls, you know, before we do that. That way I can make one trip cuz then >> All right, guys. >> I'll be right back. >> We're going to take you over and see what the line looks like for the honey beastro. And there's some other ones over there, too. So, if that one's too long, we can jump into another line and try something. >> I like my avocado toast. >> I know. I can't wait. >> You like avocados, too. >> I wanted to get that and the French toast. the French. They both, like I said, they both look so good. You kind of need a second person and you and you're grabbing forks. Yeah. Or a tray. >> Yeah. >> But I also know cuz I just had a sweet. Now I'm ready for something savory. Then I'll go get a sweet again. >> Um, nope. I'm good. >> Here, sweetie. Let me have that and I'll go dump it. >> Are you sure? >> Yeah. The nice lady over there. She opened the thing for me, too. >> That's nice. >> You do this, too. I can't. I'm getting up. >> All right, guys. Let's go to the next spot. Make sure I got my spike that I didn't fall off like Pluto did that one day. >> Oh, yeah. >> Huh? >> Yeah. Yeah, of course. >> Might need some protein. >> There's Spike the Bee. Did I hear Starbucks? What is your go-to Starbucks drink order? Oh, mine is a um a latte. An ice latte. an ice latte with one pump of vanilla. >> You get into that same sweet, savory, sweet, savory. I know. It's It's It's an easy thing to do, right? >> Thanks for 1100 likes. I just noticed that. Thanks, guys. Actually getting a little chilly in there. Hate to say it. All right. So, are we dropping you off at Starbucks, Mom? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Starbucks. >> Yeah. >> Starbucks. >> Love me some iced coffee. Yes. Me too, Britney. Me, too. >> Sorry, guys. I had to get you off the Wi-Fi. All right. So, all right. >> You going to go to Starbucks? >> Yeah. >> Okay. Do you remember where it is or do you want me to >> Are you going to go with mom or you going with me? >> Well, I can go with you or >> I would stay with you. >> Okay. You're going to go with mom. Okay. Sounds good. No. No. I didn't know. Sounds good. >> I just need help in >> Exactly. That's what I told him. I said I would stay if you need help. >> Okay. Thank you. >> I know how that is. >> Yes. Especially with a stream. >> Yeah. It adds that differenti that one more layer. Yeah. No. Yeah. Some protein. >> Agreed. And the chicken and waffle sounds so good. >> So, all right, guys. >> This green feels nice. >> Does feel nice. Oh, it's just a little blip. Okay, good. The cucumber watermelon slushie sounds good. >> You can also get it with a side of Jen. >> Not me, but the other Jen with a G. I'll be here all week, guys. Good afternoon, Elizabeth. Remember to bop the like button. Got about 1,800 people in the chat today. Appreciate you guys joining us for the opening day of the festival. It's always fun. I always say I love the opening days with all >> Oh, hello. How are you? I'm good. How are you? >> Yeah, I'm very well. Do you want to grab a quick picture? >> No, of course. Let's do it. I love the shirts. >> Thank you so much. Love >> got to love Nate. >> I know. >> And you guys, too visit. Thank you so much. Yes. A thank you. That's very sweet. Have fun. Bye. >> A thanks, Jelly. >> Are they sea scallops or bay scallops? I That is a great question. >> I think it said C, but I didn't pay I didn't pay close attention. I'm sorry, guys. It's in the book or on the app if you don't have the book, which if you're not here, you won't have the book. So, look on the app. Let's go. >> Mhm. >> Did you get your merch? >> I did. >> What did you get? >> I got big spike the bee >> shoulder plushy. >> I love it. >> Bag. >> Me, too. The the side bag. So cute. >> It's a nice size. >> It is. >> The ears. >> I got the the green ears. >> Me, too. So pretty. >> And I got the Alice ears, too. >> I was debating. >> She's my girl. Well, oh, that's >> Well, really the queen, but she's not on the ears, but it's a knot. >> Yeah, it's same. >> So, I was um last year they had those Alice ears, remember? And they sold out. >> Oh, see, I must have missed them last year because >> Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, you did. You definitely missed them because I missed them. They sold out within like a week or two. >> Okay. Yep. >> So, I think I'm going to have to go back and get those. But I was like, do I really need two? >> And this morning I noticed those also on Shop Disney. >> Oh, >> the festival ears and Alice. >> So maybe they have more merch >> than in like like years past. Maybe. >> All right, guys. If you're just joining us, welcome to the I almost said festival of flowers. >> Close. >> Flower and garden festival. Um, we are heading back to another booth. I think we're going to try the honey beastro and uh get some chicken and waffles. >> I know. I love that they put it here. This is actually perfect for it right here. >> And up front is Toy Story. >> Oh, okay. >> Which is really cute, too. >> I need to >> I need to spend time up front. >> Yeah. you come in, you kind of rush by everything making a beline for the store. >> It's It's true. Good point. That's what we did, too, cuz I didn't start the stream up there either, cuz we first came in and, you know, you queue up. They had it really well organized, though. They had the right side was for the attractions for the rides. The middle was for there was a line in the middle for um pins and then the one on the left where we went was for just regular flower and garden merch. >> That's so smart. >> It was really smart. So, they took the ride, the people going on the rides back first, then the pins, and then us. >> This is where you get your violet lemonade. >> All right, let's go see what this line looks like. It was very long earlier. >> It doesn't look as bad. >> I think this is kind of a good time to >> I do, too. The initial rush >> went away. Oh, yeah. No, it's not as bad. It came like all the way back to here. >> So, this will be good. >> All right. >> Did Sharon like the salt and pepper shakers? Yeah. Did you see them? >> Yes, I did. >> They're so cute, aren't they? >> I picked them up and like >> I know. Oh, I know. Same. I know. Jesse Mouse collects them. All right, we found the line. >> I was I was going to go this way. I'm like, "Oh, I see. I know. It goes this way." And around. >> All right. Chicken and waffles. Here we come. >> Chicken and waffles. And >> I think that's all I'm going to get. They have a cheesecake, which I can't get. And >> another like honeycomb bowl, which sounded good except for I think there was some spicy things in there. I have a frozen. >> Did you get a locker or did you put it all in here? >> I had to go back to my car. >> I walked all the way back to get over now. >> Good for you. >> Dad ended up getting us a locker. You should have Oh, you should have said something. We could have squished it in with us. >> I thought about that, but >> Oh, was it okay? Gotcha. Might not have fit. >> T-shirt. >> Uhhuh. I got you. >> I got this new t-shirt. I thought that was >> It was cute. I was trying to decide between the spike the one with his like face in the front or like the one with him on the back. >> Yeah, >> I didn't get any shirt yet. >> Okay. >> Debating. >> They seem to have a good quantity to >> I agree. Also, the orange bird tank top was really cute. >> I thought the tank top was cute. I thought that little dress I don't even know what the pattern was of it, but >> it was Alice. It was the sandwich butterflies. It is very cute. >> Super cute. Oh, for sure, Jody. Yeah. Uh, mom and dad went to go get some Starbucks. Mom was hungry and didn't want chicken and waffles, so we'll have to meet up with them here in just a little bit. >> Oh, is it a Garden Grace? >> There's this. >> Oh, shoot. So, which ones are >> avocado? >> Okay, here. I'm going to show this. So, there's a garden graze. And these are the things. So, the avocado toast, >> street corn. >> Okay, >> I'm still figuring out where everything is. Then you get a stamp stamp there. >> Oh, that's cute. That looks like a >> You get a treat at the end there. I don't know what that is, but we'll find out. >> Did you see the scavenger hunt private? >> I need to Was it the little It almost looked like a little flower pot or something. >> No, it was a flower >> that when you put it in the sun, it would like dance. It's so stinking cute. >> I need to do that, too. >> So, we got we got our maps already and we got I got spaghetti and mom got >> Oh, you already got your >> They they go ahead and stamp them cuz otherwise they you they could run out. So, they say we can stamp it >> if you want. You already paid for it, right? So, you might as well. Yep. I love it when >> they don't mind us. They just have to stamp it. Show that you got your prize. >> They're going to give it to you no matter what, like you said, cuz you pay for it. So, All right. >> I know there's tables over there, but there's also some down here. >> I was going to say I don't know. Are you getting multiple things? I could leave my credit card with you and save us a table. >> Then I'll just get the chicken waffles. >> Okay. So then you can carry it. Okay. If you want more than that, I can stay. Well, I was going to get the cheesecake, but honestly, I've got, you know, almost all day. >> Up to you. I can just stay, too. It's no big deal. >> Just going to get this out anyway. Chloe's stuck. >> Woo! I can't believe how warm it is today. >> I don't want to complain because >> winter felt like >> I know today. We're back to our normal >> What was it a week ago? We were freezing. back to our normal um you know kind of sweaty. >> Uhhuh. Our normal Florida >> except for there is a nice breeze. >> Hey, Princess Kristen. >> Happy Wednesday. >> So, I've only seen uh Jojo so far. I haven't seen any other >> When I was in line at brunch cut >> Jojo paging Mr. >> Oh, did you see Nate? >> I saw team cracker. >> Okay. All the people >> I saw >> everybody went to brunch >> other like you know some people that I happen to follow on Instagram taking pictures it's just fun to see all the people out >> it is >> in magical news live you know Nick >> texted me and said are you here I said I'm here and we keep missing each other I'm in line to brunch and I saw him he was looking for me he walked by there were so many people in line he didn't see me too funny I'm kind of down I was waving I didn't want to yell his Yeah, I'm sure he wouldn't have minded, >> but I I get that. >> So, I'm guessing that uh his parents are probably here. >> I did see his mom. Yeah, I did see his mom, but I didn't see his dad. I'm sure he's here, though. >> They're probably working hard. >> Yes. >> Oh, no worries, Diane. All good. >> I'm glad I put my hair up cuz I knew it was going to be a a warm day. It >> was nice of your dad to find that table though cuz that was just a nice >> It was in the air. >> I could tell mom needed it. So, >> yeah. I don't blame her. >> Yeah. >> I would have gone to Starbucks with her if your dad would have saved it away. >> Well, I'm glad. >> Glad it worked out. I know. It sounds good, doesn't it? >> Yeah. And I've heard about it. >> I probably could have given him my order totally my gift card. >> There you go. Oh, yeah. One of these. I highly recommend these. Yep. >> You just buy these up at a um retail store register and comes with a little wristband. >> Yeah. And then you can just >> buy the things all the things. >> You just tell them at the register you're using your pre-loaded gift card and it's so much easier than getting >> pulling your credit card out. I know. I should do that. And you can use it on everything. It's not just food. Like say later you want to buy merch. You can use it for literally anything at Disney. >> I had a few dollars left over from my food and wine card. like this and was able to use that, you know, it's like $3, whatever. And and then they I just tell them that there's just a little bit left and they can kind of do two forms of purchase. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. >> One with one and one with the other. >> You can use it anywhere. >> It is nice on Disney property, >> right? Anything at Disney. >> Yeah. >> Uh Britney says it's sprinkling there. We had a lot of rain yesterday. >> Yes. Um, it was I'm glad we went to Universal on Monday and not yesterday because it was pretty it was pretty rainy, but I'm glad it stopped for Josh. >> Yes, that was good for Josh. >> We needed the rain though. That was good. >> Um, Tony Hall likes your magic band. >> Thank you. >> It's perfect for flowering garden >> or anytime really. >> Okay. >> Yeah, I definitely want to get this. And then >> after that we'll see. >> But really filling >> I think so. I think it's like it looks like a circle like a littleer not like our butterbeer one >> but yeah like a small bun size >> okay >> waffle and then the chicken strip went right on top. >> Okay. >> I just hope it's not spicy. But I don't think it's supposed to be. >> You know how sometimes they make it I know sometimes they make them spicy. Oh. >> Oh, sure. >> Hi. Can I Good. How are you? >> Can I do one chicken and walk? >> That's it. >> 44. >> Oh, tap again. Okay. >> What's in next after this? >> Um, I'm not sure. I kind of want to try the French toast, so we might go to brunch. Definitely going to be a popular. >> Yeah. So, get in there. >> I figured this one and then that one are probably going to be the two top. >> That's a good point. Yeah. Thank you so much. >> Sorry. >> Hey, purchase. Hi from the rock. >> I did not see a rainbow. The sun did not really come out yesterday, >> at least at my house. But I was busy at home doing um well I edited the uh 5K vlog. So if you didn't see that, it's over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Go check it out from our princess race. So I was doing that all day. >> That's where you get cheesecake. >> Where? >> Oh, it's not here. >> Oh, I heard two other people ask for the cheesecake also. So I'm not the only ones who think this is >> Well, it makes sense, you know. And then I was working on my technique instead. That looked delicious. >> Yeah, it does. >> Hello. >> I can grab your >> Thank you. Okay, perfect. Thank you. >> All right, guys. Here it is. Does that not look amazing? >> It looks so good. I'm thinking we should probably just eat it >> and then go meet mom and dad. What do you think? Cuz >> by the time we go back, it's going to be a mess. >> I agree. >> Okay. Did you get your utensil? >> No. >> Thank you so much. >> I didn't think so, but then I saw you walk over here, so I was I just wanted to make sure. >> Yes. Thank you. >> Cuz I told you I would. And then >> obviously I'm not good. Oh, perfect. It looks like it's very honeyy. But I love that. Me, too. >> So, I saw a table by the water. I don't know if it's still there, but we'll go check. I'm just going to be over here. We're not getting >> Oh, yeah. I see some over there. >> Perfect. >> Man, that is a big sized chicken. >> Yes, it is bigger than I expected. >> Me, too. That's like a whole meal right there. All right, I'm going to see if I can grab it. We're going to walk a little faster cuz there's it's the last one. >> Okay, >> we did it. All right. So, >> Karen got the same thing. >> But you also got the peach cobbler shake something >> something. >> Yeah, it's like a shake. >> Nice. All right, guys. We are going to try this. Oh, yeah. >> These are not nice Jessie Mouse. >> It is all good. You know, I never did that before Jesse Mouse. >> Yeah. >> It's so funny. >> I used to do that, but then when you have your hands full >> Well, true. True. It's just too much. >> You're right. Oh, I have my credit card in my pocket. Do not forget. I'm telling myself, do not forget. All right, let me sanitize. This looks very um sticky, but amazing at the same time. Oh, here's this if you need some. >> Oh, thank you. >> Yeah. Is Andy here yet? Um, probably not quite yet, but you should be here any minute. >> You're at the Hawaiian Botanical Gardens on Monday. Oh my goodness, that sounds amazing. All right. Oh, orange blossom honey. And it looks like they have some kind of butter on top, too. I'm not going to lie, this looks amazing. Kind of need a picture. Hey, you're like Goldilocks. You like it just right. That's funny. All right, let's selfie this. My phone is trying to change words on me. >> Your Oh, I thought you said Ione. >> No, >> your phone. Your iPhone. >> My phone. Ione whatever. >> Okay. I think I already got honey on everything. >> I love honey. Like absolutely love it. But it is a mess >> cuz once you get it on you, >> there's no getting it off until you wash your hands. >> Yeah. >> All right. How is this going to work? Let's try this >> butter. >> Don't fall in the water, people. >> It looks like honey butter. I mean, like peanut butter infused with honey. >> Mhm. >> Yeah. This looks a little complicated. >> Uh-huh. And it's like a corn fritter or corn waffle. >> Oh, good. That's perfect. >> Okay. I'm going to try waffle first. >> Thank you. Oh my lord. Thank you for that. That waffle >> amazing. >> Oh my word. >> Is it good? >> Oh my goodness. >> I just want a whole bottle of that honey. M. Yep. That is a winner winner chicken dinner. Wow. >> Um, mom didn't want any of the food boos, so they went to Starbucks. >> Wow. >> And I would have gone with them, but I really wanted to try this first. >> Mhm. >> That waffle, right? >> Oh my goodness. >> It is so good. I love the like corn >> base and there's little pieces of corn in there. >> Yeah, there are. Mhm. >> Okay. This is my favorite so far. >> I would be happy with just the waffle. >> Mhm. >> I mean, the chicken great, but you know, >> the chicken is so good, too. Wow. Okay. They hit this one out of the park. >> Mhm. This is a pretty good size. This is sharable, I think, if you're going around the world shos and eating a lot of things. >> Oh, totally. Yeah, we could have shared this. >> Mhm. >> That's okay. Next time. >> Oh, darn. >> Darn it. I have to eat my own waffle and chicken. >> Two thumbs up. >> Mhm. Wow. Okay. I'm going to be getting this multiple times. And the chicken's nice and tender. Like it's at least mine is. >> Mhm. >> Easy to eat. >> First of all, it cut nicely. You know, it's not super hard. You know, sometimes when it's so crispy, you can't even cut through it. >> Exactly. My butter's falling. No. >> There's also sea salt on here which gives it that little like salt. >> Oh, I see it. Mhm. >> Amazing. M. Wow. >> Okay. >> Highly recommend. >> Mhm. >> So, whoops. I can't even Oh, I did it. >> Oopsie. You almost gone wonky. Yum. And yes, sticky need to wash after this. >> Mhm. >> Yep. So, if you're coming to the festival, highly recommend. >> We tried the chickens and waffles last year. They have chicken and waffles last year. Goodness. >> Were they spicy? >> I feel like these birds are trying to hover. >> Oh my goodness gracious. No birds. No. >> They're pretty sneaky. I don't remember this from last year. But again, we weren't here the whole year. >> I was here, but I don't remember. >> They might have been spicy, though. >> Cuz if they are, I don't even try. >> Mhm. I don't know how I'm going to eat all this. >> Yeah. >> The waffle is a sweet honey bacon cornbread. >> Mhm. >> Yes, it is. >> Sharon's going to try the drink. >> Mhm. >> It's very strong. Oh my word, Tim. No, not y'all. I have to tell her. >> It tastes good. >> Good. >> Oh. Oh. Does it have a Okay. >> Okay. >> Margarita. >> Let's mix it up a little bit. I may have gotten just the >> I don't even know what it is, but >> Okay. So, earlier I was showing Moana with Heii. >> Yeah. >> And instead of Pua, I called them Heii and Poo Poo. add to the list. >> Mhm. They sent it to Jesse. Yep. >> This is going to take me a minute to eat. There's so much to it. >> I wish we could have found a place in the shade. Look. So far, all the places I found to sit and eat have been in the sun. >> Yep. >> It is pot except for that nice table that your dad found. That was very nice. I'm glad we got to sit there for a minute. Hello, cardboard box. Somebody is imagining their salad as a chicken and waffle. Hello. How are you? I'm >> good. >> You wanted to what? >> I wanted to get the spike out of it. >> What? >> You got enough stuff. >> I get it. You sound like Dale. >> I like the spike. So, >> he's so cute. >> Then you can sing the song. >> Spike. >> Mhm. >> Sing it without it. You can see it without a tea. Sounds like deal. >> Are you doing good? >> Good. >> It's beautiful, huh? >> It is beautiful. >> Mhm. >> Yeah. Very good. >> Yeah. >> The chicken waffle's amazing, too. If you want, >> we just got >> just had the cheesecake in it. >> Oh, okay. >> Okay. I'm glad I didn't go get in that. >> But it was like hard. Like it was frozen and then he smashed it to make it. I don't know if it like wasn't ready. >> The liquid nitrogen. >> Yeah. I wasn't expecting that. >> Too much flavor. >> Okay. >> I wasn't a fan. I'm >> glad we didn't wait for it then. >> Me, too. >> Yeah. >> I can't eat it. But >> sounds good. >> The berries. The berries with the grape. Strawberries and grapes. >> Oh, in China. >> I got them back. >> I That's Huh. I forgot about that. >> Yeah. >> Good call. >> The lion's probably >> probably This one didn't. It went fast. >> Yeah. >> So, yeah. >> Cool. >> Very good. Nice seeing you again. >> You too. Thank you. >> Ready to move on? >> Move on. >> Enjoy your day. >> Oh, the best. >> Thank you. Thank you. I love your ears. Those are so cute. >> They're old, right? >> They're what? >> They're old. >> But they're amazing. >> It's from like a old old flower. >> I remember somebody having them. >> Wow. >> No, I'm sorry. I saw somebody else just walking around with them. >> Really? >> Really? >> And I didn't know what what year they were from, but they're >> like super old. >> They got an old tag. Love that. I love that you Okay, not the long tag normally, but >> anyway, have fun. >> Yes. Be well. And we'll see around. >> Sounds good. >> Bye. >> Bye, guys. >> I don't know how many y'all. >> This chicken is moist. >> Mhm. >> Which I mean, in an you know, it's great. >> I don't know how they do that. Too dry. Chicken waffles were not spicy or hot. The flavor was a combo of sweet and savory. Okay. Well, is it the same thing then? >> Why do I not remember? >> I mean, I would say this is combo of sweet and savory. >> Yeah. Oh, 100%. >> I'm not going to name. >> I know. >> I kind of wish we would have carried it now cuz this is going to take me a minute to eat. Hopefully you guys aren't getting bored. I could just end the stream if you're bored. Or you can have a beautiful view of Epcot >> World Showcase. >> Who would be bored looking at the World Showcase? >> I know, right? >> Did you make it over to the World Showcase yet? Um, >> we we made it to Mexico >> and then we rode the ride cuz we were waiting for the booth to open. >> Yeah. And then we went back up to get the >> Yeah. >> I We were going to get this and then I saw how hot it was going to be. >> Mhm. >> And I saw mom so I was like, "Oh, let's go, dude." >> Mhm. >> Inside. >> You're not bored? Okay, good. >> I mean, I guess if you're bored, you could just, you know, take a food break. Go get your own Go get your food. Yes. Grab the food and then enjoy the view while you eat. >> Snack and chat for the whim. >> Wow. >> A lot of people hang in the boat. That's smart. >> That is smart. >> And a pretty view. >> If you time it right, that's a great way. >> Good, Shannon. Mhm. I probably wouldn't wait too long for the boat cuz then >> especially if it's like a long line and you have to wait for the second boat. I wouldn't wait. >> Oh no. >> Tim says, "I'm bored when I have to work with no stream." Okay. Roses is a little bored. Okay. Well, you can head out. Britney said, "Absolutely not bored at all. I could watch you eat, chat all day." A M >> I planned on sharing this with dad. >> Mhm. We should have shared it. >> You should have. >> I I was thinking about it, but then I thought, well, maybe it's small. >> Mhm. I thought it was like one chicken strip. >> Mhm. >> Oh well. That means I don't have to eat it all. >> I could carry it back and see if dad wants them. >> Oh. Good idea. >> Yeah, >> cuz I haven't eaten off of that side yet. Do >> you want me to message him and see if he wants to come over here and finish it? >> Or we can meet him there. >> Mhm. >> All righty then. Okay. >> I I'll probably head back that way for that. >> Okay. >> I can get them on the stream. >> Hey, Paul. I am excited about the new Buzz Lightyear. Yes. A thank you, Edwin. I'm glad >> ah shade and breeze. >> Thank you. Amazing. You're going to have hot dogs. Fun. >> Oh, there you go, Tina. Do your spring cleaning and then spring will come to you. >> Love that. >> Your husband needs a spring cleaning. >> What' you say? Your what? >> My husband used the spring cleaning. >> Same. >> Which we kind of did >> when we got the repipe. >> Oh, yeah. We had to clean the walls and the Hey, chicken nug. Goodness. This is good when you blend it together. >> I bet >> it looks like vanilla soft >> pretty much. Yeah. He said yes, they are still inside and he would love to share your waffle. Okay, perfect. >> I thought he would like it. Good. Andy's on his way. >> Oh, good. >> He's walking in. So, I told him where we need to be. And then he and I will probably like >> split off. Yeah. >> Unless he and your dad may want to decide they want to split off themselves. and go get a >> Guinness. Yes, I could see that. >> You can use the cookie. >> Andy and dad like their Guinness. >> Mhm. >> Me not so much. >> Me neither. >> I do like that black currant cider that they have there in England though. >> Cider black. >> Cider black. Yes. >> So good. >> I was called the wrong thing. >> They always know what I mean. >> They know what you mean. Yeah. It is delicious if you like cider. >> Mhm. >> It's It's black currant. >> It's strong bow and black currant. >> Mhm. >> Which I'm not a huge Strongbo. >> I don't mind it. It's not my favorite by itself, >> but you add in the black currant, it makes it sweeter. >> Yep. Same. Okay. >> I don't think I can finish mine. Good >> for you. My piece was bigger than yours. My chicken. The waffle's the same. >> I feel like the chicken was really big. >> Mhm. >> If you guys come to the festival and you want to try this, but you want to try a bunch of different things. This is sharable. >> It really is cuz the chicken by itself is filling and then you get the waffle on top of or not on top of it, but the chicken's on top of the waffle. It's like a, you know, like a regular size piece of chicken that you would get, you know, in >> Tony says they used to call it snake bite and black. >> Oh. >> Well, that was a few years ago. Okay. Funny. Well, I know it. I It mean obviously it's a UK drink. >> Oh, okay. >> Cuz you can only get it >> in the UK. >> Yeah. that I know of. >> Yeah, same. >> Hi. Definitely ready now. The sun. >> Mhm. >> I did not put any lotion on my arms. I put it on my neck. >> Mhm. Same with me. It's >> time to start thinking about sunscreen. >> Mhm. It sure is. >> I know. We're supposed to year wear it year round. >> I know. You know, whatever. >> Whatever. Yeah. >> All right. Throw this away. >> Mhm. >> And if you need me to carry >> Oh, thank you. So, instead of making our way all the way around the World Showcase like we normally do, we are going to go back to mom and dad. Um because mom did not want to go all the way around. So, thank you so much. >> And if it drops um Sorry, Dad. >> Sorry, Dad. >> You want mine? Is it already? Do you want me to take the chicken off? Put it on the side. It's okay. Okay. I'm going to throw these away. >> My straw is >> Oh, got you. Okay. Are you planning to go all the way back to Starbucks? Cuz I could probably. Are you sure? Okay, >> that's where Angie's meeting us. >> Oh, perfect. Um, so yeah, normally we make our way all the way around the world showcase, but with mom and dad here today, I don't think we're going to do that. But don't worry, we'll be back. We'll get to go see the rest of the booths and the topiaries on another day. more things to look forward to. But I'm glad that we got to try a couple dishes. Got to see a lot of the topiaries. We got to see Stitchy. We got to see some of the new ones. Stitch. We got to see um uh Lightning McQueen and Mater out. It was funny because we saw Star-Lord >> right by where Mater was >> and he was looking at it and he was pretending like he was driving a car >> and then I he looked over at me at the camera and he goes, "I could drive that." I said, "Oh, you totally could." He goes, "I just got to figure out how to get in it." It was cute. >> Star-Lord is such a great interaction. >> Oh my word. He's amazing. >> He has a great personality. >> Mhm. And then we ran into him again and he was doing like the fish line thing and putting his thumb up and then he looked at the camera. He goes, "Oh, I didn't even know that thing was on." >> Oh my goodness, >> it was really cute. >> Sure you did. >> That's right, Emara. The Monsters Inc. ones were fun. Let me know in the chat which of the topias were your favorite that we saw today. Again, we didn't see them all, but we did see a lot. And Pigment moved. He's usually in the back planter, but he's on the front planter this year. >> Got to make a list of the characters. I know. Every year we do the spike the bee scavenger hunt, the egg scavenger hunt, but then we also do a topiary >> kind of scavenger hunt where we'll go around. I have a list that I make at home. Yeah. Print off a list and then we cross off all the topiaries that we find. >> I do like Lightning McQueen. That is a good one. I contemplated that bag. >> It's really cute >> and it's a good size. >> It's a great size and it's got that >> the way to secure your ears. >> Did it really? Okay. >> Well, at least I saw somebody put something like that and so I'm either they were just created or it was designed >> really smart. It's a smart idea. >> You have to rewatch to find your favorite topiary sounds. like a great plan. You chose Stitch. Yeah, same. I think next year they need a Stitch and Angel. How cute would that be? >> But I am glad they have a Stitch. Oh my goodness. There's another thing I want to try. Of course, I want to try the French toast. >> I also want to try that. You know, last year they had that s'mores bar thing over at um Beach Grub. >> Yeah. >> This year it's an orange sickle one. >> I know. >> That sounds refreshing. >> It really does. And I want to try the fruit. She was talking about the fruit on the skewer. >> Oh, that sounds really >> It's like candied fruit. >> Okay. >> Oh my goodness. I thought >> Oh, hello. >> I thought I spied somebody behind us. How are you? That's right. I spy and Andy, >> you made it just in time, Andy. >> Yes. >> How's it going, guys? >> Nicely told me we're going to have >> Perfect. >> Chicken and waffles were amazing. >> Mom and dad are early. We're going to go We're going to go give them the other half of Jenna's chicken waffles. >> This is sharable. It's delicious, but it's >> so good. >> Um, no. Sorry to know. >> Did he say where they were? >> No. >> Okay, we'll find them. I bet you they're on the second >> on the upper tier. >> Yeah, >> I was going to say second layer. Yeah, >> like a cake. >> There they are. >> Oh, just kidding. There they are. >> We see them. >> He's looking at the He's looking at the book trying to decide next. >> What's What's next on the list? It wasn't Andy's sneak attack. Yes, >> we said that. >> Hello. >> How are you? >> Over there. >> Here's the other half of >> I did not eat it. I cut it. So good. Let me grab you a fork and knife. >> Oh, no, no, no. That's >> It was a huge one, so I had to share some with dad. And what was it again? >> Chicken and waffles. >> Oh, that's right. >> That you didn't want. >> No, >> it's all good. >> Yeah. >> Yeah, they sport a booth. Good job. >> Feel like I'm in a seat. >> Yes. A wild Andy appears. >> Somebody said Andy's coming. >> You got to fall over. >> Who said that? >> Uh Yeah, Johnny. >> I asked him. >> Well, >> how was your What' you have, Mom? >> Croissant. >> Was it good? >> They're always good, right? >> They're always good. >> You're just like Josh. Or I should say Josh is just like you. You like the same things, which is fine. >> They're good. Hi, Annette. Shannon says, "Pre, bless you." >> Well, why don't you hold the table or dad can either way >> and I'm going to go. Let's see, guys. Um, we have a few more sponsors to talk about. We have um >> Let's see. Who do we have next? Um, I'm >> gonna go and I'm gonna go with you and then >> I'm gonna wrap it. >> So, I'll be back. Hold the table. >> Oh, hold the table. >> Or if one of you wants to come with me. It doesn't matter. >> What's that? >> Do you want to come with me and dad can hold the table? >> I'll hold the table. Okay. Go >> close the stream. >> Sure. >> All right. Mom and I are going to go close the stream. So, we'll say bye to you guys now. >> Have a good afternoon. Thanks for hanging out for a bit. Good to see you, Andy. >> See you in a minute. >> And we'll see you in a minute. Exactly. And everybody say bye to Dad. He's gonna hold the table. >> It was fun. Every I just enjoyed seeing everybody. Awesome. >> All right. We'll see you in a second. >> Don't forget to keep the merch up while we I won't forget. Let's go this way, Mom. >> All righty. A. >> Oh yeah. >> So guys, um, go check out dreamtable.co. Another awesome sponsor that we have, dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to get your those really hard to get reservations here at Disney, um, if you go over there and download the on the app store, dreamtable.co, or just go to the website. Um, and then you can, you know, put in the place, the restaurant you're looking for, put in how many people and the day and time that you're looking and then they'll notify you whenever that reservation becomes available. So again, dreamtable.co. Actually, let's walk might take a little bit, Mom, but let's walk to the front and show them what the front topiary looks like. We haven't done that. So again, yeah, dreamtable.co. They will not make the reservation for you. you go in and make it right as soon as they notify you that it is available at dreamtable.co. Uh and then we have um behind the ride and Disney demystified. These are both books on Amazon. Um you can get the ebook, the hardcover copy or for Disney demystified you can get an audio book and these are all by David Mower. Behind the ride explains how your favorite rides were created and uh Disney demystified you can uh impress your friends with all of your Disney knowledge. So, let's go check out the front. We usually start at the front, >> but we were waiting in line to get to the merch. >> Yeah. >> So, we had to do that. It was very important important stuff. >> So, and don't forget to go over to Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Go check out the um race vlog from the princess race. So, I know a lot of people missed it yesterday when I put it out. Let me show you what the thumbnail looks like. But, we had a great time doing the race. Hopefully, you can see it. It's kind of dark um right there. So, it's Run Disney Princess 5K race and expo. It starts with the expo, goes to the race. I put it all in one vlog and uh yeah, don't miss it. And then if you uh missed our cruise vlog, that is again um on Adventures of Jonah and Dale, our second day which was in Coco K. A mostly perfect day at Coco K. So check that one out, too. Again, they're all right here on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Go over there. Go surprise. How about subscribe? Subscribe. You can surprise later. subscribe first. And as we're walking this way, I want to thank our amazing platinum members of the channel. We love to uh read their names out and thank them every single stream. So we have Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Lop Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparro, Sorcerer Mickey, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, The Amazing Jayla Moxley, Ski Under Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, uh Ali Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our awesome members of the channel, all of our uh platinum members, as well as all of our members. Oh my word, I didn't even see lots on the back side. >> Oh yeah. >> We also want to thank our Patreon members, our moppers for mopping, hoppers for hopping, shoppers for shopping. Can't forget you guys. >> All right, guys. Here we go. Lots bear. He is so stinking cute. Look at him. Too bad he's mean. >> I love bears, too. And I'm sad that he's mean. >> We need to get Duffy bear. >> So cute. Sorry. >> There he is. Lo bear. >> He's got his What are those called? Pen wheel, I guess. >> We're going to get out of the way cuz they're about to do a picture. Yeah. Am I right? Cool. Oh my goodness. A little dress. So stinking cute. >> And then we have um the rest of the topiaries for Toy Story up here. There's a monkey in the tree. >> We've got Yeah. Woody, B Peep, and Buzz Lightyear. >> Oh, and the sheep. The little B Peeps. with the Montreal going by. >> Perfect. >> Can't go wrong with that. >> All right, guys. >> I wasn't going to come today and then I saw Jenna's live. >> Oh, hi. >> I had so long. I had a >> Monday. I'm like, what am I doing? >> Yeah. Well, I'm glad you got to come. >> Yeah, today wasn't It's not too bad, actually. Yeah, the crowds and stuff. So, yeah. Enjoy. Thank you. You, too. >> Hopefully, your house is all getting situated. >> It is. Thank you. Yeah, we just got to paint it and then we'll be good in there. >> It's not fun. Yeah. >> Have a great day. >> You, too. >> All right, guys. So fun. Um, >> let's just go >> off to the side and we'll do a little goodbye. >> Of course, it's very popular. So pretty. >> We'll go right here, Mom. But thank you guys so much for watching. Get mom in there. Perfect. All right, everybody. Again, thanks for watching. I feel like the screen is so dark. Does it look dark on your end, everybody? >> I don't know. Okay, hopefully you can see us. But um yeah, thanks guys. It's been a fun day. Can't wait to bring you back and we'll do the Spike the Bee scavenger hunt. Uh we already got our prize, which I'm excited. And um can't find our merch. Nope. But um we'll be back and stay tuned for where we'll be on Friday. Go watch the vlogs on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. We'll see you guys soon. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye. all the way from Lindenville to Louis and other places. Yes, it is.
