---
video_id: QvPaHF_xXiQ
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Saturday Night Fun at Disney's Magic Kingdom - 1-24-26 - Walt Disney World Live Stream"
published: 2026-01-25
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvPaHF_xXiQ
---
Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I am live at the Magic Kingdom for some Saturday evening fun. Welcome in everybody. Thanks for joining me. It is my pleasure to be here hanging out with you guys at Magic Kingdom. It's a beautiful night here in Central Florida. I know it's not a beautiful night a lot of other places. So, uh you can turn on the TV, snuggle up with that blanket, and um pretend that you're warm. And uh I hope that you are warm, and I hope that you're staying safe if you're in the path of the storm. But either way, uh definitely hit the like button, subscribe if you're new, and follow us on social media. We're Resort TV1 on Facebook, Instagram, Tik Tok, and Twitter. Welcome in everybody. I love Backside of Castle. I think I got actually started on time tonight. Last night was rough. All right. And I think I finally figured out how to use the camera on the phone, so that's a bonus, right? All right. Let's go. This like a little less crowd over here. Yeah, I love the back side of the castle. It is gorgeous. Thanks, Jamie. I enjoy my evenings at MK, too. And I'm glad you guys get to come along. It's way better than talking to myself. People I mean people probably think I am anyway but hey Plymouth Rock Candy Ma Mopper extraordinaire welcome in. Hey Diane I love Twilight in the Magic Kingdom. Oo look at that shot with the moon. Isn't that nice? Is that Chesure Cat moon still? Hey Matt. How's it going? Yeah. I hope everybody's staying warm. Should I I probably shouldn't tell you what the temperature is right now. I'm going to anyway. It is 73° right now here in Florida. Sorry. Anyway, so we um I I got to um I started a little bit later tonight cuz one of my friends that I haven't seen for a long time was going to be here. So, I hung out and talked with him a little bit before the stream and that was really nice because I had seen him in a while. That's somebody I've known since uh third grade. So anyway, so and his son. So that was really great to hang out with them a little bit. Life is too busy, man. You don't get to see people sometimes when you want to. So we were both going to be at Disney and Magic Kingdom and that worked out well. So So that's why I started at 6:30 instead. But at least I was on time for when I said I was going to start. It's kind of I know it's probably not like you guys are super forgiving, but it's kind of been one of the things that we've really been trying to be like cognizant of um on our channel is to try and be on time when we say we're going to start. Hard to be perfect, but still. Hey, Granders. Amy says 25 feels like 18. Um let's see. Issa uh Issa AC Bisbrow or Isaac. Sorry, it's Isaac. I got it now. Man, YouTube really messed it up. Sorry, Isaac. Anyway, when they put all the the names together, it was sometimes hard to to decode. Not your fault at all. Hello, Josh from Isaac in St. Louis, Missouri. You know what? If I had read the message, I would have gotten that quicker. Hey, Isaac. 499 super chat. Thanks. And sorry, I can't read. Anyway, it was great to have mom and dad join me last night. I know they're going to be resting at home tonight, probably watching. So, Jeremy, um $4.99. Josh, is it really packed at Magic Kingdom? Yeah, I mean it is pretty packed actually. 12 to 18 inches of snows soon. Wow. I thought this might be I was actually not even going to stream tonight, but I thought, well, it's going to be a lot of people stuck at home in a snowstorm. It might be a nice night to get everybody together and show you guys uh some magic of the parks. So, let's go over here and check out the sunset first before we go ride some stuff. Wait times are, you know, kind of what you'd expect. Pirates is 35, haunt 30. So, you know, it's it's it's not unreasonable, but it's it's uh definitely not walk-ons either. All right, let me check something really quick. Let's go over here. Here we go. That's a good shot. Look at that. Yeah, it's always a nice time to be in the park. And I love this waterfall down here. No snow here in Denver, but it's super cold. I'll bet I saw Indiana had their uh championship party today in Bloomington. And uh it was um like feels like zero windchill of zero there in uh in Bloomington. So those fans, man, I mean I I would have gone too just to be clear, but like dedicated. So Starlight's at 7:45 and 10. Park closes at 10:00. No snow Wisconsin, but it's - 15. Wow. Hey, Cindy. And I know I didn't announce my stream very early either. So, so, uh, maybe if you didn't see that was going to be live, you might have you might have missed this because I didn't announce it super early, but let's go fly a kite. Just kidding. Let's go. Uh, let's go do our people mover at at twilight. I think that'll be fun. And it's still a low weight. Thanks for the warm warm company night while we snuggle down here in frigid temps. Yep, that was my goal. and I'll send you guys over to the 24-hour stream afterwards. I I have to make sure my backup for the 24 hours is on because my fiber provider is going to be on uh maintenance tonight. So, my the 24 hours should when the maintenance comes on, it should kick over to the backup server. But our fiber seems fiber people seem to have maintenance several times now. I don't know why they have more maintenance than Spectrum did. Maybe they're because they're a smaller company and they keep expanding. Maybe that's why it needs to happen. I don't know. I don't know. Thank you for going on this snowy night. Absolutely. And we'll watch Starlight, like I said, as always, and we'll enjoy as many rides as we can. Let's Let's go this way. I just wanted to kind of enjoy the sunset a little bit. Love how you can use the weight times to know the weather. Short weights at carousel progress on tiki room equals nice weather. 2° it feels minus 8. Yep. It's a it's a it's a rough one. Well, stay inside, that's for sure. Weather is just so funny. Like the way it you can drive a few hundred miles to the north and it's like below zero or feel it feels like zero. It's crazy. And we're all in shorts and t-shirts here. So, Oh, yeah. Did you guys get to watch the Disneyland uh Disneyland documentary The Handcrafted? That is really, really good. Again, highly recommended if you haven't seen it, uh Christopher Robin saw it. Yeah. You know, it you need about an hour and 20 minutes or so, hour and a half, say, to watch it. You don't really want to watch it like in in parts. I don't think I think it's better if you just find a time to sit down and just watch it and enjoy. A few little little contrails from the jets in the sky. Yeah. Notice I didn't say chemtrails. We're not getting into that. I I read that I was like, "Wait, is that the bad one?" No, that's that's that's that's the that's the okay name for it. Everybody saying hi to everybody. I'm glad you guys are here. So, I saw a really cool video of the uh voice of the people mover and he was um he was riding it um in selfie mode and was talking about he was the voice of it. That was cool. Let me see if I can find the video. It was on Facebook. It just happened to pop up on my feed. Oh, that didn't that's not what I wanted. How funny. Uh Scott Christopher, that's the guy's name. Here. Here he is right in the People Mover. Sorry it's not focusing. But anyway, he's there. I promise. My phone's just being dumb. But So, yeah. So, he's riding the people mover. That's his uh that's his video. I saved it. I was like, man, I need to shake that man's hand. He's the voice of my favorite ride. Yeah, it's right here. It's right here. I promise not to mess up the cameras tonight. At least now you guys know if the if the zoom looks weird, you know, I probably have the cameras messed up and you can remind me in the chat. Hey Josh, check the cameras. Oopsie. Cuz even in the dark when the cameras are right, I can zoom really, really well. Like see how clear it is uh right there. See I can zoom super clear even at night. So we know if it's not uh working then we know it's um on the wrong setting. Oh my goodness. Josephine. Let me find the end of the line here. Josephine $100 super chat. My goodness. Josephine is so generous. Love you, Josh and Jenna. The whole family's been busy, but now I can be more present in the streams. Well, Josephine, first of all, thank you for coming back. I appreciate it. We understand people get busy and can't join all the time when they want to, but we really appreciate that super chat. That is very, very kind and generous. Thank you so much. So, Josephine, hold on. Let me get a uh We have a selfie mode here. We got the train stitches blowing the whistle there. There we go. So, thank you, Josephine. That's very, very kind. We really appreciate you. And um just thanks for being so generous. So, awesome. Awesome. By the way, as people move around cuz you know it was clean. It was on top and I knew I was going to ride it at least once, maybe twice. I love Astro Orbiter. Matt is so cool. Hey, Britney. Excited for snow. Snowed in with my family. Food napping games off to work. Bring it on. Yeah. As long as you can stay home, it's not bad. No stream tomorrow. No, I'm going to stay home and spend time with family, get some stuff done. So crazy to me. Disneyland was built in a year. Isn't that crazy? I mean, there's a lot of things that weren't finished, right? There's a lot of things that weren't there that are there now. Obviously, it's been there for 70 years now. But still, it's uh really crazy how much was done in a year. I mean, even a couple months before opening, the amount of stuff that wasn't done, I think I really think like even 6 months out, mostly what they've done is foundation stuff. It's just crazy what they did back then with the the tools even being much more limited than what we have now. Yeah, it's a long line. GTA service. I love the carous outside. Yeah, that's pretty fun. I'm glad they still work. I mean, they look like CRTs. I don't know. Hard to tell. They might be LCDs. They're See, there's some that are brighter. You can't see it. There's some that are brighter than others, but 25° or 23° in North Texas. Been a long time for me, too. Troy and Kamazoo. We lost my mom in August. It's been rough over the holidays. Oh, sorry about that. Um, Troy, I know that's that's really hard. Huntington Beach is 65. Yeah, you guys in California are pretty warm, too. Thankful for the stream tonight on day three of being homesick with the flu on top of the crazy weather. Oh, that's no fun. We were down at Disney World two weeks ago. Miss meeting you. Yeah, sorry, Jack. Um, yeah, hopefully next time. It's hard to It's hard to get the schedules to line up, you know. Yeah. Sorry about that. Big Movie Fans says the uh video looks great. Thanks. Any updates on the new land? Um, not really. I drove around back the other day behind Magic Kingdom. You can see, you know, most basically just the burm. The burm for the new land is up. The burm is like the hill that that kind of blocks it from view and blocks the outside world. So, the burm is up, which is nice. Um, but yeah, I haven't seen any structures go up other than uh construction support structures and stuff like that. Oh, I finally caught up. I got to the bottom of the chat. Minus 3 in Wisconsin. Yeah. Cold. Cold. This is the CTA blue line. Non-stop service around. Hello from England. Hi Gas Cooper. Hey Jason. Good to see y'all. This is the GTA. Yeah, it's a service busier for people mover than normal. But I'm actually not sure why it's so busy now at the parks. Like I parked in the last parking lot. which you usually don't. So, I'm not really sure why it's that's happening, but Oh, Pirates is down to 15. Nice. Not really sure why. This is the GTA service. Supposed to be snowing here in Atlanta soon. Oh, wow. Yeah. See, that's not even that far from here. I mean, you know, it's 8 hours, but still it's what I would consider relatively close. Yeah, mom and dad really enjoyed last night. I'm glad they got to come. 11° in Connecticut. Be cold, but beautiful. Yeah, sometimes it is if it's sunny. And it's funny sometimes when it's even when it's 12 or 18 degrees, you know, you can get snow melting if it's sunny outside. It's kind of a funny little phenomenon that the snow can still heat up the or the sun can still heat up the snow enough to melt it even when it's still like well below freezing. I remember seeing that sometimes. Now, if it was cloudy and cold, then the snow would never melt. Everyone packed a bag and went down to the weekend for the Disney the weekend to dish the coal. Well, that's not a uh not a bad idea or not a bad theory for sure. I I'm surprised that so many people could do that, but who knows? I know Martin Luther King Day was Monday, so that you know, if people left and they'd only they'd have to take less days off of work and stuff, but still a surprise. The woohoo crew. That's right, Christopher. Depends on how cold the snow under the ground or the ground under the snow is. Yep. Absolutely. If it's on a road too, sometimes it'll warm up a little quicker. The orbiter is orbiting. Yep. Ken says move some people. What's the wait time for Astro Orbiter? I have an app and want to compare. I can't see it from here. I think you'd have to look at the official app. That'd be the only way to see it. So, I'm not really sure. It looks like 35. Yeah, they don't even have like really a wait time sign over there. I don't know if that sign over there has it on there or not. Not really sure. Hello Stella. Hi Pickles. Always sounds funny probably for people that don't see the chat to hear me saying hello to pickles. I do like pickles, but you know, so nice to watch as you're snowed in for the next 24 hours. Yeah, use the uh use the 24-hour stream. That'll help you also to be able to um pass the time when you're snowed in. Like I said, I hope that you can stay home. I hope that you can uh stay away from the the roads and everything. It gets really hard to travel in these types of conditions. I' I've done it. I know. And so, yeah, I hope that it's I hope that it's um hope you're stay able to stay home. Imagine a lot of people if you go to church on Sundays, maybe people will be doing online online services. I mean, if you can get there, that's great. But if not, hopefully the church offers an online version for people. used to be. The only other version of that was um when I was a kid, there were times when it was weather was too bad and they had a they had a radio version of it. Hey, Benjamin. Yeah. No worries. I go live a lot of Saturdays, but you know, you just never know. Pixie Dust seniors, congrats on 15 months of dropper silver. Happy Saturday, Josh. We were hoping you would stream tonight. Thanks so much. Oh, for sure. My pleasure. That's always fun. Always fun. Yeah, we had it on the radio when we were younger and they didn't have, you know, online streaming wasn't a thing or online video wasn't a thing. Ours will do an online modified. We're not likely to have it. Okay. Yeah. Safety first. Were there ads during it? I don't remember. Oh, there are resort streams on the 24/7. Yeah, there already are. Hey Josh from Masers and Operas. Hello. Welcome in. Good to see you guys. Hi. Hallelujah. I forgot that dinosaur is closing soon. Oh well, probably I need to get over there pretty soon and film that again, but who knows? May not make it. Please step careful and otherise. So, dinosaur last day I think is February 1st. So, first day of closing is February 2nd from what I just saw when I looked up online. Happy wintertorm for all who celebrate or dread it. Yeah. Yeah. Be careful. That's the main thing. Yeah. Sometimes if you don't have to go anywhere, some snow can be fun to watch. As long as your heat works and everything else and everybody's safe, it can be fun to watch a storm like that. right here. No, thank you. I'd like to get another low light video of it, but I do have one. Keep your hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors, which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. There's the CRT. I think that's CRT. It's hard to tell, actually. Step carefully onto the platform. Hard to tell. Step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of doors before opening. This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around tomorrow. How do you tune an instrument? Well, we didn't go very far. How do you tune an instrument in freezing cold weather? Um, the answer is, um, it's really hard because you would normally have to make the instrument shorter so that it doesn't go flat. Cold weather makes instruments flat. Um, and so, um, if it's a wind instrument, you normally have to make it shorter, but some instruments, obviously, there's a limit to how short you can make it. So, a lot of times, like in marching band, even when even down here in Florida when it be like, we have one competition where it was like 35°, which is pretty cold for here. And um I had the tuba players push all the way in. And then we were still probably 15 or 20 cents flat, which is like a percentage of it's like a measure of how many cycles you're flat, how many hertz basically. Um and um so I had to tune the whole band like 15 or 20 cents flat because your tuba is your foundation. So there's no way to you you don't want to overshoot your tubas. So unfortunately, you can't tune the sideline percussion. So that we just had to be off. Anyway, yeah. So, it's hard to tune instruments when it's cold. All right, here we go. Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Ora Mile, your guide aboard this highway in sky, the absolute best way to see tomorrow land at my stars. Is there ever lots to see? From spacecraft to monster lands, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please. Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland urban planning and star trading transfer to green and red lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future. I find two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny borax. Wow. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except actual stars. Those are the motorcycle. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Life Cycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks in the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Attention all visitors from Galaxy F1. Please keep forward facing vehicles clear of coming vehicles. Thank you. This is Starboard 75 or as we locally call it space. Our highest speed rocket for tested deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral rooms of Pisces 7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Book today. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. paging Mr. Marorrow, Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy. Please keep all clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. As usual, we'll keep looking. And so does the Carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Whether you have one eye or nine, take the time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people river journey has nearly come full. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're concluded, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow today. See you in the future. Heat. Heat. Please keep arms, antenna, and other passengers away from the doors and stay seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms enter and other Oh, Jim, thank you so much. That's very nice. He says, "As a watcher of many streams, just like to say, you're still the one, Josh. Well, I appreciate that." I appreciate that very much. We do our best. Something different would be really fun. Hello Renee. Amy, I always forget who I said hi to. Hi, how are you? Adventures. Nice to see you. How you doing? I saw you in the chat. Yeah, very cool. It's Curtis. Nice to meet you. Main Street. Oh, okay. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Long time. Well, I see you around, but Okay. I leave you alone. Oh, no. Can always say hi anytime. You want to You guys want to say hi on the live stream? Sure. Curt Curtis and Ryan, right? Yep. So, you've been uh out here making your own videos or you just I've been live on TikTok. Okay. Very cool. I've been using that a little bit more than YouTube, but I've been going back to my YouTube kind of abandoned go back to it. Yeah, I've only done I've done a grand total of one stream on Tik Tok. I've been using this type of thing. It gives you likes. If you turn it on, it does the likes for you. Oh, that's kind of cool. And then as soon as I did it and I started 5 minutes into stream, 595 people came through my live. There's like a thing you hook up to the phone that gives you likes. That's kind of cool. Uh, wait. How cool is it? So, it just like sits there and goes. That's probably against the terms of service, but hey, it's good. Sorry. Shh. Don't say anything. What's that? Oh, they sell it. How funny. Yeah, they sell it on Tik Tok shop. They sell it on T. Okay. Well, then they can't get mad at you if they sell it on Tik Tok shop. I'm here to ride rides. Did yours go dark in space? Can the lights come on? Um, no. It's regular. Yeah, it's dark. Yeah, it's it's regular uh regular lighting on Space Mountain right now. This is my end of the night ride and then I do that. Yes. Progress. That's like my in the night. We rode a carousel Thursday night with some friends uh um during fireworks and the cast member was like, "Are you sure? Cuz fireworks are about to start." "Yeah, we're good." We had the whole place to ourselves on the carousel. So, that was fun. Live here. It's like it doesn't matter. Yeah, that's what I said. Yeah, it was kind of fun. It was like um you know, they were like, "Oh, here the July 4 was like, "Oh, fireworks are about to start." Boom. I was like, "They already started." I think last week I was on the hair song and I went on there with the fireworks. Oh, fun. Super fun. I also went on this with fireworks for people over. Yeah, that's always a good view if you can hit it right. It didn't work too well cuz as soon as I went around it started and went into the Oh, yeah. Some I got really lucky one time when I was doing a regular video with my Sony camera and I was coming around there and I got a great shot of Tinkerbell coming across. That was pretty fun. Sorry, I'm like in the way. It's good to see you. Space Mountain. Yeah. You guys have a good night. Enjoy all the rides. I'll see you around. See you around. Yeah. Nice to see you again. That's crazy. I never seen a little thing like that that hits the like that. How funny. Get one of those for YouTube. Actually, though it only would work on Tik Tok cuz on YouTube you only can hit the like once. It will just go on and off, on and off, on and off. That's funny. Hey, David. David, are you going to share your band camp stories? No. Come on, let's go. I also know that you were never in band camp, so I also know that's a uh that is a uh reference to a certain movie that I bet a lot of people haven't even seen now. It's so funny. It's funny. I I know with my my current high school kids, obviously I'd never say that to my high school kids, but like I know there are certain references that they don't get anymore and I'm like, "Oh no." Well, it's time to find a spot for Starlight. Starbrite. Yep. Hope everybody's staying safe, Amy. For sure. American Pie. Yep, you got it. Allison Hanigan. The same one from How I Met Your Mother. Although that was pre How I Met Your Mother. David just had 14 teenage girls in the house getting ready for their winter prom. Oh wow. Yeah. Send us a picture. Oh, that's awesome. I bet they had fun. My memories of band camp were not that. Yeah, I know that that wasn't my memories of band camp either. So, here's Stitch. Hi Tracy. Hi Jilly. It's crowded, that's for sure. Sorry. Oh, that's a good picture, David. Obviously, I won't share because I'm sure a lot of the people in the picture wouldn't necessarily want to be in the in the streams, but that's really cool. Oh, there's Isa. I found her. Oh, they all look great. How cute. Yeah, we used to always get ready with a group of people, too. or we'd have dinner at somebody's house or we'd rent a limo or you never know like we we always had fun at prom and New Year's ball. We had a New Year's Eve ball at our school. No, they have not started draining the motor around the castle. Uh I was just up there on my way to meet my friend earlier and yeah I looked I looked actually specifically for that and it looks about the same level as normal. So don't think they've started yet. They may be making like preparations but I haven't seen it change that much yet. So that's that's uh probably going to happen though pretty soon I would think. I don't think it's going to be that much longer before they start actually draining it. Obviously, you can't see anything from here, but excuse me. Oh, supposed to start the 28th. Okay. Yeah, I'd heard something like that. I didn't remember the exact date, but yes, that sounds about right. Oh, David, I was going to say you're you're uh needing an adult beverage and whatever. Reminds me of uh the IU coach Kurt Signetti after all the games after the Peach Bowl and after the um the national championship, they asked him what he was going to do and he said he wanted to he just wanted to drink a cold beer and it was like, you know, just so relatable. It's like, you know, I don't I don't have it's like I don't have a lot of complex needs. I just want a cold beer. It's like that's fair. That is totally fair. So, apparently then a a brewery in in Bloomington um gave him a free beer for life, which is kind of cool. So, now he'll never leave Bloomington cuz free beer. It's a good strategy. get a coast to stay. 30 minutes till Starlight. Oh, if you watch See if we can get a spot still. I'm a little late, but hopefully we can still find a spot for for one. I only need only need room for me. It's not like you can take it home. Yeah, this will work. I'll be right by the the place where everybody comes and goes, but that's all right. I don't know if that's a So, I'm right by the I'm right by the box. Few weeks ago, I was here and there's a tree right there. Yeah. So, everybody comes off this platform here and ends up coming across the box here. So, it's a busy spot, but oh well, it'll be all right. I'm late and I'll think about that next time. So, Ellen, yeah, if you have not seen have not seen Disneyland Handcrafted, you need to go watch it. It is really, really good. It's a great show. Very well done. And uh it's uh definitely a pull on the heartstrings a little bit. And while we're standing here, let's talk about uh my uh my other channel here if I can find it. See, I've got my other channel here. I've got RetroTV1 Tech, of course, if you want to check out all the retro tech that I have and that I've been playing around with. I also have this new one, especially when you're bored and you need some Disney resort TV 24/7. And this is there's only one live stream on there. I'm going to add rides pretty soon. Um, but I I need to get all the ride videos edited and ready to go for it. But either way, right now there's 73 people watching of the 24-hour live stream. And you can see it's uh scrolling somewhere really dark right now. But either way, there's a little wait time scroll on there. It's not meant to really watch on a phone, even though you can. Uh, it's meant to watch on a big TV. It tells you the temperature and all kinds of stuff. Super fun. Go subscribe. Resort TV 247. Also, RetroTV1 Tech. Uh, RetroTV1 Tech is a fun channel where we study all the tech of the past and um, all kinds of fun computers and video game systems and all kinds of cool stuff. So, go check that out. Resort TV1, sorry, Retro TV1 Tech. Again, that's Retro TV1 Tech. And then Jenna has her own channel too uh with Dale. Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Go check that out again. It's Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Lots of great channels. We watched it earlier and it was really great. So impressive to see it appear out of the dirt. Yeah, literally out of the dirt. And um what's crazy is those movies, the film reels that they shot had no sound. So they use uh Skywalker um their um Leslie Eyeworks the director used uh she was there telling us about it. They used Skywalker Sound Studios based on you know Star Wars stuff and they were able to um they were able to um actually do um they were able to actually add sound to everything which is super super cool. That was fun. It's amazing how they did that, too. It looked really, really good when they added the sound to it. Yeah. Stay safe in the storm. That's right, guys. Keep the streams on and stay warm. We'll we'll we'll warm you up virtually. Take it to the stitch thing now. Okay. Brian watched it, too. Yeah, it's really good. I'm just looking back through the chat. Oh, and uh Princess Kristen. Princess Kristen. Um she is 27 months of Resort Hopper Silver. Happy Saturday, Josh. Well, 27 months as a channel member. That's crazy bananas, as Jenna would say. Yes. Yes, it is. And thank you so much. That is a long time. I can't believe it's been over 2 years ago we turned on the memberships. That's also crazy bananas. But thank you for being part of it for that long. That's pretty awesome. LFB second wave of precipitation is hitting here soon. First one was just a ton of snow. Second wave seems to have a bit more ice. Yeah, that's when you really really want to stay in ice. Everybody knows you don't want to mess with the ice. There was a pileup um not too long ago. What in Michigan or something? Anyway, just stay off the roads if you can. And if you don't if you do have to drive, man, stay off the interstates for sure. That's where all those pileups happen. It's bad enough when you're sliding around on a city street, but you're on the interstate, it can be oh so much worse. Feels weird watching this stream from the Grand Fian. Oh, that's cool. Not much of Disneyland is even built a year before. No, it's crazy how much was not built even a year before. I will have the 24/7 on full day streaming of being there. There you go. That's it. That's how you do it. That's how you do it. Yep. Very dangerous to be out in it. I remember I remember um the weather guys would say they'd get on, you know, when I was we were in Indiana and they'd say, "If you can't walk down the sidewalk without falling, how do you think you're going to drive?" And it was like, "It's a good point. You can't walk down the sidewalk to get to your car, you probably shouldn't drive." So, yeah, it's a good rule of thumb. The car is not going to have any more traction than your feet do. And always, as always, we talked about this before, four-wheel drive does not mean four-wheel stop. So, that is Yeah. See, you got to cuz I have four-wheel drive, too. But I It does not help stopping at all. And it doesn't honestly doesn't four-wheel drive doesn't help that much on ice. A little bit, but not a lot. It's kind of a false sense of security on the ice a little bit. So, you just have to be super careful. It helps more in like the deep snow and stuff. Finally got to see Charlotte in person last week. It's really stunning and beautiful. Pictures and videos do not do it justice. Oh, agree. Agreed. I wanted to wear my Figment Crocs while the girls were there, but I was forbidden from doing so. David, that's so funny. Oh, they all look so great. I bet as as a fellow parent, I bet you're just shocked about how grown up she looks, right? Cuz I was looking at that picture. I was like, "Wow, she looks so grown up." I mean, all the girls do, but I was, you know, she's the only one I knew. So, New York City is now getting a mix and rain as the storm ends, which is going to be worse than tomorrow's snow. Yeah, I'm not looking forward to next Friday and Saturday. I mean, I'm looking forward to going. I'm not looking forward to the weather, but we'll be inside mostly about 20 minutes till parade time. It won't be long now. So, what was your favorite Shell shocked. I bet, David. I bet. Who is this person? It's all going up in my house. Good evening. At this time, Main Street, USA, and the area in front of Cinderella Castle have reached capacity for this presentation of Disney Starlight. Additional viewing for tonight's parade may be found in Liberty Square and Frontier Lane. Thank you. Please welcome somebody guys enjoying the ambiance. Uh, let's see. JL $5. Going to take my laptop in for repairs. Purple line on the screen that won't go away. Uh, being graduated stinks. Too much free time. Hey, don't ever complain about too much free time. Holy cow, man. I would love that problem. But yeah, congrats on the graduation and uh hope you get your laptop fixed. Hey, Robert. How you doing? There will definitely still be snow here. When you get here, it won't be warm all week on top of it so it doesn't melt. Yeah. So, Liam will get to see snow for the first time. That's going to be kind of fun. That'll be super fun. Tell him minus 2 degrees. I know he's not looking forward to that part, but he's looking forward to seeing his friends and seeing the the fundraiser and the charity event and all the singing and everything. That'll be fun. It's been a tough week, so my mother broke her hip and had to have it repaired. Oh no. By myself right now, she recovers and finishes rehab. Well, I hope that I hope that she's okay. That's a not a quick recovery usually. So hopefully she's all right. So hey Johnny, I call a tech friend. Yep. I've got a great tech friend. Um well, a couple several great tech friends actually, but um our friend uh Robert from uh Layer 1 Technology. He's been helping us out with any tech needs we have. He works with businesses and sometimes they have stuff that, you know, they're giving away or extra or, you know, recycling or whatever. So, he's been helping us out with stuff that we need. Super cool. But anyway, definitely go check him out. Uh, his business is for he does IT support. He doesn't do it for personal um devices or internet needs, but he does it for businesses. So, if you're a small or mediumsiz business needs network management, IT support, or any of that stuff, you can go check out our friend Robert at layer onetone technology.com. That's a support layer onetone technology.com, but just go to the website. It'll tell you all the things. Our moppers can post the link. Yep. Welcome to everybody and welcome to anybody we've missed. And Mara's saying that's good point. If I miss your chat, it's not on purpose. I only see three or four at a time on the screen. So, it might be that I just looked away when you posted your message. So, never never think that it's intentional. Uh unless you keep posting the same thing, then it probably is intentional. Yeah, he's got a phone number there, too. Thanks, Amara. I don't have that one memorized. A prayer for your mom's total healing. Yep. Hopefully, she can just take it easy and get well. That's what you have to do with that kind of stuff. Just let the body do its thing and then do the rehab, of course, like the doctors say, which is the hard part. I know that's very painful. It's hard to be motivated to do it when you know it's going to hurt. MSP is like a managed service provider. I don't know how exactly how it goes, but yeah, something like that. Oh, one to two feet of snow in Boston. Yikes. Yeah, I heard every all the somebody said in the chat earlier, all the schools are doing remote learning on Monday. We'll we'll be at school Monday because, you know, we got pretty good weather this weekend. 15 minutes. That's family is not family. I love that, Mr. Fix It. That's awesome. Love that. Wow. All right, guys. It's just a last bit of green before we get started this evening. Rule number one, please do not be in the street. It happens every day. My friends here 14 in Ohio. My goodness. Hope lizards don't fall out of the trees. Well, it's not cold here, so uh we won't have that. But although I guess last week or two weeks ago when it was down to freezing or close to freezing, they did have that problem in South Florida where the lizards were falling out of the trees. That does happen. I thought it was a joke the first time they said, "Beware of falling lizards." I'm like, "That's not a thing." But yeah, it's totally a thing. Totally a thing. We had an interesting day today and we got a got a mouse on our back porch and it was making a mess so we had to unfortunately we had to put out a trap and then uh well the trap worked so I had to take care of that. So, always fun, but I actually never had to do that before. So, that was interesting. I was like, "No, not Mickey." It wasn't. It was just a just a little mouse. Thank you. I'm the one person who would normally just, you know, if I found one in the house, I would take it right outside. But unfortunately, we could never find him. Remy would not be happy with you. I know, right? Yeah, it was cold on Orlando on Monday. Yep. Yeah. Yeah, it's been it's been, you know, kind of chilly a couple times. Not again, we're never going to compete with the north obviously because we're not in the north. It's just physics. We're just closer to the sun down here. But um even in the winter, we're closer. But anyway, at this time, Main Street USA and the area in front of Cinderella Castle have reached capacity for this presentation of Disney Starlight. Additional viewing for tonight's parade may be found in Liberty Square and Frontier Land. Thank you. We have live catch Mickey traps. Oh, you know what? We should find one of those. That's a good idea. That's why we're here. I didn't get this when I had our um We have a pest control company in Florida. you kind of have to have pest control because of um mostly bugs and things, but cockroaches, all that kind of stuff, but you just have to have a company that does it. So, he was out to do the regular, you know, regular service. They spray spray around the yard, they spray around the house, they spray a little bit inside the house or put out traps for you know, all this stuff like all they do. And um he saw that and he put out the trap. But I live would be better. Lasers, we're delighted to invite you on tonight's journey through the stars. Follow your heart and make a wish. Disney Starlight Dream the Night Away begins in just 10 minutes. Nightlock on YT just became a member. Thank you, Nightlock. Appreciate that becoming a member. It's going to be 87 down there. There'll be a 50°ree difference in temperature. It's crazy. Insane. As I say, crazy mental nuts. Love the channel. Thanks. Yeah. Thanks for becoming a bronze member. Parade is going to start in 10 minutes. Then we'll go see what else the fireworks are at 9:00. Park closes at 10. So, it's not going to be a long stream tonight, but I may uh may grab a snack and a chat afterwards. Do a little snack and chat cuz I didn't really have dinner. So, we'll see. see if I feel more like a cookie and a coke or if I'm more feeling like a hot dog at Casey's. And Mara was at a warm arena doing doing the sports thing. That's cool. Mara has a cool job. Oh, a Casey's hot dog and a cookie. Now you're talking, David. It won't stay when you're walking. Come on down. It's not that far. Catch the red eye. I'm just kidding. You probably wouldn't make it even if you had a private plane. Wow. This is why I didn't go to the uh national championship game. Can you imagine paying $2,000 for that view? I guess it's just about being there. But man, 1500 flights canceled, including mine out of Cleveland to Florida tomorrow. Oh no, sorry about that. Here comes the bubble bubble can. Bubble E. Bubble trash can. He's got safety glasses on. Smart man. I'll get that soap in his eyes. I don't think my brain would be able to process getting on a plane at 20° and getting off of 87. I know. I mean, right now it's What is it right now? 70 71 right now. Perfect. Sorry. Not to rub it in. Hi to Jesse and John. They're looking forward to the Starbucks. That's a different parade. The Starlight Parade. That's awesome. Hi, Jesse and John. Enjoy the Starlight Parade. Guess my wife Steph prefers the Starbucks parade. Excuse me. Just tuned in. Waiting for the snow in Virginia. Yeah, they don't usually have the bubble. The bubble can. You're the only one streaming today. Yeah, I mean, pretty much. But I think there's some other streaming, but no, we're one of the only ones. Uh, so many people now. I lose track of all of them. So many. 5 minute warning. Hello stargazers. It's almost time to wish upon a star. In just a few minutes, Disney Starlight Dream the Night Away will begin to fully immerse you in the experience. The lighting around the Magic Kingdom will be reduced. For your safety and the safety of those around you, we ask that you remain in the same location until the lighting returns to normal. Thank you. Six Starbucks copies of that ice to last you the storm. That's funny. They sell stuff you can make at home, too. A NightLock $9.99. Just renewed my channel membership. This is Nathaniel from your former or your friendly former Galaxy's Edge CM. Oh, wow. Well, hey, Nathaniel. We got a new username. Uh, moving full-time to Orlando in April. Returning to work for Walt Disney World in May. So excited to see you. Yeah, Nathaniel. Well, congrats. What are you going to be doing for Disney this time if you don't mind sharing? I'm back from eating dinner. Didn't want to have any distractions when eating. Oh, no worries. I get that. I wanted to ask you, do you consider yourself one of the pioneers of Disney live streaming? I mean, yeah, I would say so. I mean, there was Periscope, I guess, before us, but we were the first to do it on YouTube, for sure. So, at least that I can tell. Unless anybody can find a YouTube Disney live stream that's dated before our first one. There might And then there may very well be. I don't know. But we were definitely among the first. But then again, it's not, you know, it was just a had the right idea at the right time. It's not a not a super complicated idea. So, I can't take too much credit for it. Um, definitely I'm glad we started and we kind of started making, you know, little kind of like norms for live streaming, you know, like we keep it familyfriendly and we, you know, we don't bother cast members and we don't, you know, like we don't, you know, go interview people. Like there are some YouTubers, unfortunately, some streamers that that do interview random people and I I hope that they don't get the rest of us in trouble, but I know Disney doesn't want us just talking and bothering random people. If somebody walks up to us and knows us, that's totally fine, but we they don't want us like stopping people that don't know us. You going to be Oh, probably doing something Galaxy's Edge following the trend. Okay. Uh, so Ryan, I got the spot right at about 7:15. You have to be here at least 30 minutes. 45 is better. It's actually better, too. I have more more room and more time. If you're wondering where we are, we're right behind the flag pole. Once the flag is down, they take it down around 5 every day as long as the weather permits. We are 2 minutes away from showtime. So, right at 7:45, the Main Street EP Electrical Parade fan fair will come on and then it will uh be showtime. And the lights will come off and you'll hear that. It's awesome. So good. The music, that music is just so stunning all the time. I saw Jenna during Mickey's Not So Scary, but I didn't want to bother her. She was filming Pirates. Oh, you can always say hi to us. I mean, yeah, if there's a show going on, you know, maybe wait till the end of the show, but yeah, otherwise we're happy to say hi. You can also say hi to us behind the camera. Sometimes people will come up and quietly say hi to us while a show is going on and that's totally fine too. Oh Cindy, thanks. One minute. 10 seconds. Enjoy, guys. Heat up here. Good evening everyone. Welcome to this wonderful night. Did you know that when a star is born, they possess a gift or two? One of them is this. They have the power to make a dream come true. So come with us now as we go on a magical journey through the stars and dream the night. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Be brave, true, and selfless, and all your wishes may come true. Brother, brother, I'm real. You are a real boy. I feel like my boy, dear friends, come with me. Time is the best time to dream. Don't you think? It feels like we can touch the stars and all that is good. Alina, do you think everyone is wishing upon a star right now? Are you? Oh, go on. Make a wish. I wish. Oh, I just want all our wishes to have a chance to come true. Wa! Reloading. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Huh? The magical world of place. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat up here. Wow, looks like we just wish we got it. We did it. We saved me from here. I can't wait to tell Momo about our adventure. Am I dreaming? Wow, that looks so cool. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. One way to find out Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Have you ever seen a star sparkle like this before? Oh, it's so magical. Oh, heat. Oh boy, a train ride through the stars with all our friends. It's like we're on a shooting star. There's so many stars to wish upon tonight. Come on everybody. I wish I just like it's a dream to be up here among the stars. It's a wish. Oh my. Have you ever seen anything so wonderful? The mountain of starlight is all around us. Gosh, have you ever seen a star sparkle like this before? Oh, it's so magical. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. A train to the stars could our friends. It's like we're all shooting stars. There's so many stars to wish upon today. Everybody wish just like us. It's a dream to be up here among the stars. It's a wish come true. Oh wow. So imagine a star spark like this before. I wish Heat. Heat. stars with all our friends. It's like we're all shooting stars. There's so many stars to wish upon tonight. Good luck everybody. Wish upon a star. Look at our house. Oh, Mickey star just like us. It's a dream to live here among the stars. Yep. It's a wish come true. So wonderful stories. All right, that was awesome. Starlight. I hope you enjoyed it. It's a great parade. I love following it on that right hand side and getting the great view of the castle and the floats. And see, I don't see anybody else do that. I don't think anybody else has figured out how good that view is. Everybody else follows it right in the middle. It's like, "No, that's not the best view." Cuz then you just see the back float and that's it. So anyway, here comes the ending. But it was really hard getting up on the road there. It was slightly unpleasant. I'll spare you the details. There was definitely there was definitely pushing and it wasn't me doing the pushing. Heat. Heat. I got to hear the ending. It's a It's a It's a must. Okay, let's go ride Pirates now. I love that ending music so much. So anyway, it's a busy one. All right, there we go. That was a good view. I was a little further down than I normally am, so it was nice to see you see all the special right when you're in the middle of the train station there, you see all the special effects and things happen all at the same time, which is fun. It's so funny. You know, we've had this since July, but I'm still getting used to having a parade weaving through the park at night and just hearing the music, even if you're not watching it. It's very cool. Reminds me of Spectro back in the days. I'm not saying it's better or anything, but I'm just saying it reminds me of it. And there are certain parts of it that do remind me of Spectro. And I think and and Main Street Electrical. And of course, I think that's intentional. They're they're trying, you know, to make something new, but also um call back to the past a little bit. Rocket launch. No, I don't think so. Rocket launch would be over here. Toward the east toward the rocket launch, interestingly enough, is towards Space Mountain. So that's it. Checks out. Excuse me. That um at night I get this uh frog in my throat every night. Uh, Kirk, big movie fan. $20 on PayPal. Great parade covers. Thank you, Kirk. Appreciate that. Big movie fan. Thank you for the $20 PayPal. That is very, very generous. Very kind. And if you guys I don't post this in the chat and a lot of people post their PayPal links and everything in the chat. I don't know. I just I don't like having a pinned message on the chat. That's why I don't do that. And I also don't want the first thing people see when they come into our stream to be like, "Hey, you can donate to us." I just I don't like that. Some people do it. That's fine. I think almost everybody else does it actually, but I really Jen and I have refused to do it just because I just don't like the way it looks when you pop up a stream. Anyway, everybody can do their own thing, but that's our choice. Um, but either way, if you do want to support us, the PayPal is there. It's paypal.me/resorttv1. Moppers post it periodically in the chat, but I just never want to pin it to the top. The only time I pin stuff to the top is if it's like something, you know, we want to go watch later or uh maybe a if we get a new shirt, you know, or something or if we are supporting a charity, then I'll pin it. But anyway, pirate water will clear that cough right up. Yeah, was the goal of Imaginary to create something fresh and new. Still combine a little bit of something that Disney park fans will love. Absolutely. And I know they try that and I know that they they do a good job. Yep. There's the carpets. Yeah, we have Patreon, PayPal, all the things. And if you want to support us, it's there. And if not, just enjoy. I hear the ending of the parade there. Okay, I need to switch to a pirate connection. I'm going to pirate my connection. Okay. Got us chomping at the bit for our 24th anniversary trip next year. Nice. I love my 25th two or 200k t-shirt. Very cool. I like that one, too. Have fun on your trip, Marshall of Redemption. In Mar just posted the the link to PayPal and all that stuff if you want. If not, no worries. But you see the 646 area. All right, that'll be my treat for tomorrow. Excuse me. Thank you, Josh. Really needed today. Thank you. Uh, we're pirates last Tuesday and there was a 90-y old 95year-old woman riding two boats ahead of us. Everyone's cheering for her. How fun is that? Hey, she's in good enough health to ride it. That's super cool. All right, I'll be right back. I got to change over here. Please say hi to my daughter wife. My wife Millie and daughter uh Kaylee. It snowed in here in Illinois. Oh yeah. Be careful. Be right back. Oh, that was quick. It's great when things work. It's got two J cheese dogs with fried onions. Nice breakfast of champions. So, what is you guys? Just out of curiosity, again, not anything bad about the people who do it, but it's something that, you know, I've considered, but have declined to do. Is this something that would bother you guys if we put the the, you know, PayPal and Patreon links at the top pinned to the chat, or is this something that you're glad that we don't do, or do you not care one way or the other? I'm just curious. Like, again, not to put anybody down that does it. It's just we're one of the only ones who doesn't. So, I don't know if like, oh, we should be doing it anyway or if like you're actually glad we don't do it. Just curious. Governor of Indiana has declared a state of emergency. Wow. Yep. I figured it's going to be bad. Wishing you a warm evening full of good moments. Thank you. Mary says, "Do it. This is just a nice spella says, "Get yours." Glad you don't. Okay, there's one for glad you don't. I I just wasn't just wasn't sure. Like, it kind of bothers me when I see it and I have to I have to close it otherwise it's kind of in my eye. So, that's why I'm like, "Okay, if it bothers me, it probably bothers other people. I want links, please." Oh, there you go. Couple for one. I just wondered again not at all to put down anybody who does it. Just was genuinely curious since we don't do it. Genuinely curious what you guys think. Should be doing it. Doesn't bother me either way. I think the more you can raise through the channel for chance for funding the better for your channel. That's true. Put them on there. Doesn't bother me. Doesn't bother me. Glad you don't. We found us in January or in 2017 planning our 15th anniversary trip. How fun. Met 23. I'd love to say I on the 25 trip. Nice. Glad you don't. I'm always grateful. They do their own thing. Doesn't matter. It wouldn't bother me. You can do what you want to make the money. I appreciate the free content. Okay. Put in chat but not on screen. Yeah, I would never put it on the screen for sure. No, your screen will always be clear. Find that you make all you all make good decisions. Thanks, Shaggy. He's got to mansion. We'll see what the wait time is. This one's 15. It's not bad. Uh, MBTA Boston just became a member. Thanks, MBTA Boston. Oh, yeah. I'd love to see your current chem. I thought about that. I could do it. It just takes a little bit of extra effort. So, I'd have to run it through my home computer or I'd have to get Ken to program it in the app, which he could totally do. But, would that So, would that bother people to see the temperature on the screen small in the corner or would it be better if we kept it off? since there are people bothered don't. Okay. Well, yeah, I'm I haven't just cuz it bothers me when I see it, but on other people's I just I don't like having to close it. But I don't know. I think the thing that bothers me more is a poll. If somebody has a poll on the stream like all the time, I think it does add to the engagement a little bit, but polls take up a lot of the chat and then you have to close it. I think it's better if we just have our moppers post the links every once in a while and they do. I think I'd just rather do it that way. The moppers can post the PayPal and Patreon links every once in a while. That way we um we tell people about it, but it's not all the time. Can't afford to donate or go to Disney. There you go. Oh, you live less than an hour from Yeah. Uh, not very often. We don't go up there. Not very often. Yeah, that's what I was I was thinking. Uh, Wendy, just have them post the links, which they do already. So, and nobody minds that cuz it's a you know, they post it and it scrolls on, so it's easy to overlook or ignore if you don't want to see it. I'm not watching the games tomorrow, I don't think, because I'm not not really into the NFL right now. But I also don't have those channels. Nothing on screen, please. That wouldn't bother me. Put the links and the temps on. There you go. I won't ever put the links on just I don't want to have a advertisement on the screen for anything, but Let Jenna decide. I appreciate the reasons you don't pin the links, but I understand how it could benefit those looking for the info. Yeah, I'll just have the moppers keep posting it. Like if we're doing a poll for like a reason, like for instance, say if we do a a stream where we let you guys choose the rides, then I think it's, you know, it's the polls aren't a problem because you actually get to influence the stream, right? But if it's just like a random question, then no, I wouldn't want to do that. Trying to park. We parked in the back. I usually add head to the video description. Yep, that's where we keep it. I like a green screen. No champ. If somebody really looks, they could soon be hard to find. Yeah. Nothing on screen gives a better quality stream, which they're known for. Well, there you go. Cuz um it's actually extra work to put it on there. So, that's I don't want to have extra work for people not to like it. Excuse me. Right into the NFL. I just don't have time and I'm not really like like on my team was the Colts and you know they haven't done as well. So I just I don't have time to watch it so I'm just not as into it. I mean IU obviously my my college was doing really really well but I um you know and won the championship but I kind of um but obviously so I got really into college. I was so excited for my my team. pretty close. So anyway, we all have different different ideas about stuff, but I'm glad you guys like the the way we do our streams and trying to keep it high quality and everything. Glad you like it. I kind of like the screen clear, too. Like I've seen people have a full news screen set up and I don't know. I feel like that to me it takes away, but I could be wrong. any chance we're doing AM streams? Jenna does. I don't because um on weekends I like to sleep in and um during the week I work. So, but Jenna, this is her job, YouTube. So, she I have two jobs and so she um so she can stream in the mornings. Congratulations on your team winning their first national championship. Yeah, super exciting. My merch is supposed to be here soon. I got champion shirt championship shirts, locker room shirt, all that stuff. Oh, no. I don't teach marching band anymore. I did back in the day, but not anymore. Uh, let's see. Hey, Jonathan. Eli, congrats on 27 months of Upper Bronze. Hi, Josh. Hi, Eli. A full new screen on the Disney stream. Breaking Pirates want to rum. Yeah, I saw somebody have posted like what the next ride was and what the temp was and what the weight times were and all that. And, you know, I think that's it's cool. I think it just for us, I think our streams are usually more just natural, but It's super cool tech and it does maybe cut down on people asking what ride is next or what ride this is or whatever. I don't know. But um yeah, we're not going to do that, I don't think. But no, we're just not. But um there's all kinds of ways to do it. My only suggestion, a small one. Sometimes shut out the name of the person for the comment you read. small but nice. I love your Yeah, and that's true. I think sometimes I don't say the name anymore as much because YouTube has messed up the handles where it's all uh crammed together and I'm afraid I'm going to mess it up. But that was from Bill. But Bill, you're right. I I understand why that would be important. I just like I said, I it's harder to read the names now than it used to be. But yes, I can see why that might be important. an occasional thing. Yeah. I mean, on the 24-hour stream, I think it's nice to have all that stuff on there because it's more something that you would put on and have on all the time. So, you know, seeing the temperature and stuff on a stream like that might be better. Anyway, enough about that. Just curious what y'all thought. I find that what you all do is more organic. It feels more like hanging out with you all. I think something personal gets lost the more a stream is overproduced. No shade on those who do it. Yeah. And again, that's the same thing. I thought when I saw this on this person's stream, I thought it was super cool. Again, no shade at all. just was not our particular style. And I think that's cool that there are different styles of people. So, please don't, you know, go tell whoever like, "Oh, you know, Josh thinks this is that way." I didn't say anything. I just said, "I don't think we'll do it." But I do think it's cool that other people do it. Can make the bot for the chat that tells us to that is true. We could do that on Nightbot. Uh, just one. Don't rhyme with strangers. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Into it. Don't ride with strangers. Stranger danger. Anyway, she's showing great braid. You're welcome. It's a It is a great braid. And don't forget, as always, to subscribe if you're new. I wonder what that red tape is for. Yes. Make sure your live button is red and happy, not gray and sad. Here we go. Kind of like the back room now just because I know nobody's going to be talking behind me and it's harder to hear people in front of you. All right. Anyway, enjoy. Thanks, Carol. Here we go. seated. Keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside. I'm already down. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yes. Why not? Wow. Wow. That was actually painful. I tried breaking the sound barrier, Dad. I had my mother. I broke his ear. I had to my dad. fire at will. Run up your white flag, you smile, or I'll be sending you to this. Oh, I like that. Hello. I am no chicken. I will not talk. There you go. Now you scurvy. Do I hear 10%? Hey, I'll give you 20 for the wrong down you liy liver lover. Strike your feathers, dear. Show them your flock. Keeps the treasure for sure and no mistake. earned by thunder. That scoundrel Captain Jack Sparrow will never Oh, now it's Thank you. Heat. Heat. white sequence. Heat. Heat. some stupid hijack you Do yourself. Yes, that was a boy that was screaming. Just so everybody knows, told you Raymond doesn't have the big three. He knows. My ears are still ringing. Hey, I don't mind people screaming, but you're hurting people's ears. That's a little much. It's not all in good fun at that point. My ears are more sensitive, but parents don't parent anymore. So, them scream like that, you know? It's like, okay, hey, you're going to hurt somebody's ears. Like, it's one thing to scream in corn, but it's another thing to be piercing like that. But whatever. Okay. Liam had a bad experience on his first night of Starlight cuz the little boy screamed in his ear. And Liam's got pretty sensitive ears. So I It probably runs in the family. Sorry about that. Probably runs in the family. So keep check what the sound barrier is. Yeah. It's like um No, unless you were going however many What is it? What is breaking the sound barrier speed? Is it 2,000? What's Mach 1? What What is it in Is there an equivalent miles per hour? I know it's knots. I know that's how they do like air travel cuz you're not on the ground. Either way, let's go watch the fireworks. He plans to do all the rides in a single day, I think. So, yeah, I think so. Uh David was saying he wants to help me out with that. So, I think we're going to need we're going to need um we're going to need lightning premium lightning lanes. So, I think that'll that'll help. It's Casey's time. Not yet. No, it's fireworks time. I'll probably do Casey's and and um maybe either Casey's or or Starbucks cookie after after park closes at 10. So after fireworks, I'll go ride a couple things. I know we said not to do Haunted last anymore. So maybe I'll run to Haunted after fireworks. We'll see. Haunted's 45 right now, though. So that's maybe maybe Haunted's a no-go tonight. It's It's hanging on pretty big wait times. Haunted's more than Space Mountain. always sensitive to stuff like that. I travel with noise cancelling earbuds. Yeah. You know, problem is even you wouldn't normally wear them during pirates. At least I wouldn't. So that's that's where you know, you might have them, but you might not know to put them on in time. 761 or 67 miles an hour. Okay. Interesting. So there are like airliners that travel at like 600 or 650. Like they get right up underneath of that. I think I've heard that that there are some even some of the really new airliners that go right up underneath the sound barrier. Like they go right almost, you know, almost up to it like to in the high 600s or just below 700. Don't apologize for having sensitive ears. Lots of people deal with that. There's more people in general be more respected respectful. Oh, thanks. I appreciate it. I do too. But nothing you can do about it. And it's certainly not worth saying anything unless it was like, you know, obviously maybe if they were behind you and you said and they kept it kept happening, you might say, "Hey, please stop. That hurts my ears." But, you know, I just It's not worth the argument. I try not to do it. And then if I do it on a live stream, then people people all have an opinion about it whether I should or shouldn't have said something and it's like just not worth it. So unless it's really bothering me or something like I did say something to the lady whose son screamed in Liam's ear. So when I did, she pulled her son back so he was further away from Liam. Like I always defend my kid. I don't care what anybody says about that. But it was uh the streaming thing is interesting cuz you know sometimes people don't see everything that happens and you're dealing with a lot of other people and a lot of times it's just not worth the worth the aggravation. So you just move on and you remember that you're at an amazing place having an amazing time. bring a bugle and serene. Hey, that's what I used to do in college when somebody would uh when somebody would um either roommates or like we had people that lived above us in apartment that were really loud and if they were really loud the night before I was trying to sleep then I would turn up the stereo pretty loud the next morning. So, you know, that's how you that's how you do that. like to get on the airplane who continues to kick the seat. Yeah, that's you know that's always a risk. I don't knock on wood haven't had too much trouble with that. Now if I say that then it's going to happen next time. I just jinxed myself. Crazy. But yeah, relations made to USA or even at the park if you stick to your right hand side. Go straight to those big bike gates. I definitely don't want to go that way because we can't stream back there. Cameron Indoor Stadium. I've heard of that. I don't remember where it is, but I've heard of it. I'm sure it is loud. I don't that this the uh loud low noises like stadium noise that doesn't bother me. It's the high pitch like the screams like that that like a high pitch noise like that really bothers me. I think my I'm more sensitive on the high end than I am on the low end. That is kind of where I'm at. I think some people have different sensitivities with the ears. Like some people might be more sensitive to low sound, but me it's it's high that I get ear troubles with. I'll notice uh after it happens, I'll notice I've I I usually temporarily lose a little bit. I have actually said, "Hey, how are you? Good to see you, Jason. How are you? Good. I had a uh I have really good actually hearing. It's good for my job. Like I have pretty crisp, clear highs on the high end and and uh I lose it whenever I have a somebody really loud at some point. Let's go up. Let's see. Should we go up or should we go back? I don't know. Let's go back a little bit. The right frequency will drop you to the ground. I've heard about that. They've used that as a weapon sometimes, which is crazy. Oh, the Blue Devils. Okay, that's why I've heard of it. The Duke Duke basketball team. So, we could do this or we could move back a little bit. Let's go back. That way you can see the the projections on the street. They still don't have the back block of projections fixed yet. Back back over the falls. It's a deep cut. Let's see. Maybe a little further. How about right here? This is good. I like this spot. All right. Let me fix Let me fix the uh I'm gonna change the connection real quick. Oh, yeah, Bill. I get that. I'm always aware of that. But, you know, I think it's, you know, I think it's okay to tell somebody when they're you know, to a certain degree, I think it's okay to say something if if something's wrong. But some mo like 99% of the time, 90% of the time, it's probably best, you know, just to move on. But yeah, you know, it's one of those like if somebody's like screaming in your ear or somebody's like pushing you or, you know, whatever, like I think there's okay to and you can't move, I think it's okay to say something at that point. But, you know, kindly again, you don't don't need to get no back and forth. And if they, you know, they want to be rude, then it's probably best just to leave it alone and leave. But yeah, I mean, you know, happy birthday. I'm also human no matter what. So, it's just times when stuff needs to be said and times when it doesn't. Kids are here. We got about 19 minutes till fireworksbody. Thanks, So, we'll have to decide where we're going to go right after the show. Let's see. Let's see what the wait times are right now. Look at this. Okay, Haunted's going down. That's funny. I saw this right here and I was um Um, I love thought the Big Thunder was on. I was like, "Oh, Big Thunder's open." No, I just was just Tiana's was wait time was kind of sticking up there. Difficult as there are folks with cognitive diversity who may scream or shake out of control. Yeah. No. Um, honestly, as a teacher, I'm able to, you know, usually see the difference. like this one, this boy, it was, you know, obviously very deliberate because he was talking about breaking the sound barrier and all this and I felt bad for his sister who was in front of him, you know, but no, that was, you know, you can kind of tell when it's deliberate when it's not. And that type of screeching that would be, you know, you kind of talk about like stmming, I think is the the word that, you know, doesn't bother me at all cuz you can tell, you know, you can tell what's going on and it's usually not as loud or sustained either. So, and if it is, you again, you can tell when the person has control of it and when they don't. And obviously, it's a lot easier to be patient with something you know that you know the person doesn't have any control over it. So, as opposed to something deliberate, remind a student of an inside voice. Yeah, absolutely. Don't go to Haunt Mansion. I If I don't go to get a cookie and I got a hot dog. Oh, Shaggy. Wow. I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah, it's, you know, people can be rude, but you know, whatever. We just have to do the best we can. Not whatever to your situation, just like I don't know what else to say. Yeah, people can be rude for sure. No, Jay, I don't think that's I don't think most of the time people don't try and get on the stream and stuff. Actually had pretty good luck with that, too. I talk to other streamer friends that have people be deliberately rude or something to be on stream. I we have people flip us off and stuff, but again, life is too short most of the time to worry about it. I got to see if we can get to 1,000 likes before happily ever after. Um, we'll see. I'll make a last minute decision. I could do Tiana's buy you adventure, too. That could be a post fireworks ride. I don't know. I probably will just run over to um I probably just end up running over to People Mover because it's so easy to get there without the frustration of the crowd because I can go back I can go back around the back way and avoid the uh avoid the craziness of the hub. So, um that's probably what I'll do. And then we'll then we'll after that we'll maybe head over to Tiana or I know somebody said Peter Pan. I don't know. We'll see. I can't decide. Oh, thanks Bill. Appreciate that. Yeah, I think That's right, Shaggy. If we don't move those people, who's going to No, we'll probably we'll probably end up um doing that and then we'll walk over and we'll see what else we want to do. And we may forgo Haunted Mansion today. We'll see. I like Haunted Mansion. It's just kind of a it's difficult because of the um the fact that it breaks down a little bit sometimes or or they have to stop a lot of Thank you. right now. Remember Perfect. They're going to be protected. Is it nice to just sit and sit and watch Watch the castle and listen to the music. Edone says, "Resort TV1 is my go-to when it comes to Disney. I'm only able to visit the parks two times a year." That's awesome. I'm glad. I mean, that's awesome that we're your go-to. My daughter Jesse and I were just talking about how fun it would be to do Tiana's. Okay. Yeah. It's nice and warm, too, so I don't mind. Hello. Checking in on the stream from West Virginia where the temperature is currently 16°. Nice and cool. Hey, happy place. We have to go through all that mean stuff. What? What mean stuff? Oh, you mean in the parks? Oh. Oh, that's fine. Somebody screamed. It wasn't a big deal. But yeah, thanks. No, we're we actually have pretty good, like I said, we have pretty good experiences in the parks. It's pretty rare that I have any issues, honestly. We really we really have it pretty good, honestly. Oh, thank you. Oh, thank you. That's awesome. Where are you guys from? Austin area. Okay. Super cool. Did you guys want to say hi on the live stream? Awesome. Hello. We got a family from Austin, Texas here. What are your names, guys? I'm Juan. This is Victoria and Lily. Nice to meet you all. Enjoy, guys. Thank you. Spectacular Happily Ever After presented by Pandora. Our journey begins in just 10 minutes. Thank you. Yes, I am. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, too. Mostly ninja watcher, but I always watch you with Jenna. Oh, thank you. How's everything? Good. Yeah. Having a good night. Nice and warm, you know. I was just talking to uh Jason. Oh, yeah. And he's like, "Oh, he's right over there." Oh, I was um I'm on my honeymoon with my husband. Congratulations. We We were just telling um Jay that we accidentally met Janelle this morning. Oh, cool. Yeah. Every time she was at piano, we were approaching the piano to watch um Grayson. Yeah. And I saw her. I was like, "Oh my god, are you are you Disney person though?" She's like, "Yeah." "Oh my god." That's awesome. But she's so lovely. Yeah. Yeah. She's great. It was nice to meet you. Nice to meet you as well. Can I take a picture with you? Of course. Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. Of course. Do you mind if I upload it and mention it? No, absolutely. That's totally fine. Yeah. My face is all over the internet anyway. So, yes, it is. You need to join us. I promise. We're watching all the way from Venezuela. Oh, really? So, yes. That's very cool. That's where you guys live. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, we're from Venezuela. Wow, that's awesome. Yeah. Thank you. We're trying to like spread the word out there for the Disney live streamers cuz there's not not much information over there, right? But everyone loves Disney and you know the the YouTube thing is not like very popular over there really. We're trying to like spread the word. So what do people watch then? Um mostly Instagram or maybe Tik Toks. Okay. Interesting. I just didn't know. I've actually never been there before so I didn't know. Yeah. I mean, it's mostly like over here people do a lot of Snapchatting and YouTube, but over here they do like a lot of Instagram and um Tik Tok. Okay. Yeah. Well, that's good to know. Yeah. Thanks for spreading the word. I'll see you around. Yeah. Congratulations. Nice to meet you. You guys enjoy some friends from Venezuela. Very cool. Oh, no. Mickey mom's in. No. We got 18 minutes to showtime and then we'll uh we'll probably head over to People Mover and then maybe we'll do uh Tiana's Bayou Adventure. I think that'll be super fun. We'll do that and then we'll uh I don't know. We'll see what happens after that. We'll we'll see what's available. Officially snowing here in my hometown in North Texas. Wow. Well, be safe. I'm still kicking myself that I didn't ask for a selfie, Josh, but I'm going to be brave. Oh, yeah. No, you should ask. Hi. Hi. Nice to get a picture with you. Of course. I love watching your stream. Just let you know that. Oh, thank you. I'm Haley. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet We've got one of the new iPhones that does the cool. I was like, "Oh, I've never seen that where it it switches to landscape like right away." Didn't even know it did that. Yes. I just got it a week ago, so learning as it goes. I think for from what I understand, like when there's two people in the picture, it like automatically goes wider. I'm like, that is super cool. You don't even have to like do anything weird with the, you know, zooming. 100%. Well, there you go. Well, it's nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, too. Sorry. No, not at all. Thank you. Hey, Isaac. That's cool. I've not I don't have one of the newer iPhones that does the whole selfie switch thing where it switches over to landscape when two people are in there. That's pretty super cool. Uh 12 more likes, 13 more, something like that. Thanks for watching everybody. Five minutes. I think I just totally like mistake mis mistook the uh time earlier. I said like 18. It was like 8. Good evening, dreamers of all ages. In just a few minutes, Magic Kingdom invites you to enjoy our nighttime spectacular, Happily Ever After, presented by Pandora Jewelry. In order for you to fully experience tonight's performance, the lighting around Magic Kingdom will be reduced. For your own safety and for that of others, we ask that you remain in the same location until the lighting returns to normal. Our journey will begin in just a few minutes. Thank you. Oh, hey Tommy boy. Yeah, I totally like totally messed up my adding. Apparently I'm a little asleep. Nice view, brother. DMC McCormack says D. McCormick. It's a pretty cool view of the castle right there, isn't it? He was still closer at the time than I was under a year. Mr. I totally forgot about that. We all make mistakes. I make more than most people. I know. It's nice to see people in short sleeves. Yeah, it's still really warm. 69. Feels about perfect. Oh, hey, Leaf. Just got back from Disney Springs. Nice. 3 minutes. All the magical violin music going on in the background. It's always fun. Hey, Robin. Classy Disney mom Kevin. Yes, we can laugh about it. That's right. Amara. If you can't laugh at yourself, you're gonna have a rough time. Liam and I were talking about the other that the other day. That's a, you know, it's a skill. I mean, it's hard sometimes when you make a mistake or you feel embarrassed about stuff, but yeah, learning to laugh at yourself is a super important skill, especially when you're a teacher. I think that's why I'm I'm, you know, practiced at it for doing it on um live streams when I mess up. 2 minutes. Oh, thanks, Bill. Hitting the like button. Hello, Robin. That's a nice last name. minus one in Connecticut. Yep. Nice and cold. I never like it when it gets below zero. I was in Indiana. It didn't happen a lot, but when it did, you definitely got your attention. Less than one minute singing Happily Ever After. You're going to ride dinosaur this week before it goes away. I was thinking about it, but yeah, it's going to be a new passholder magnet on. Oh, I saw that. Dylan Robbins say hello from Maryland. Thanks for the stream. Hello. Hey, Charlene. Miss Disney fan. Magic's only open till 10 tonight. So, we only have about 45 minutes or so, 40 minutes after fireworks. All right, here we go. Heat. Heat. and we all live happily ever after. Each of us has a dream, a heart's desire. It calls to us. And when we're brave enough to listen and bold enough to preserve it, that dream will lead us on a journey to discover who we're meant to be. All we have to do is look inside our hearts and unlock the magic. Ready to begin. Let the wonder take you in. the road on the road. I can see every setting out for a new soul. Every step we take a new home, a new day. Every choice we made away. Heat. Heat. Heat. Your eyes after The new star will shine bright. So make a wish and hold on tight magic in the air tonight. And I know Heat. Heat. There we taste the morning there just today and then I swear I will be content with my share reason Yeah. Heat. Your destiny lies within you. You just have to be brave enough to see it and make your journey begin. My only strong I don't I know My bracelet back I know I cannot go where I can't see those shy that light Keep call me I be Have your best friend by your side open a whole new world of possibilities. Heat. Heat. to me. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. That's what friends are for. to bring friend and friend. Some people are worth melting for. Say goodbye. Say goodbye to the pain. We don't have to fear anymore. I know you know you got this. in my heart. No matter what, you'll be here in my heart. Heat. Heat. I see the light. I see the light. When it's warm and real and the world is somehow sh everything now you know, we are in beautiful. Yeah. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Look inside yourself. You are more than what you have become. Remember who you are. of where the heroes will be waiting for me. Where the crowds would cheer when they see my face and a voice keeps saying this is where I'm meant to be. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. And so our journey comes to an end, but yours continues on. Grab hold of your dreams and make them come true. For you are the key to unlocking your own magic. Now go let your dreams guide you. Reach out and find your happily ever after. We're losing all the glory. We change the way. We live every day just to have the courage to fly. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hi, welcome in. 3,000 people here. We We gained a lot of people during fireworks. I mean, you guys love those happily ever after fireworks, which is awesome. Thanks for coming in. Feel free to stick around a while. Unless you don't want to hear me talk, which may be why you just came in for the fireworks, and that's fine. We're glad you're here either way. But we are going to definitely uh go ride People Mover and then we'll go over and ride Tiana's Bayou. The reason we do People Mover first after fireworks a lot is because it's very easy to get there um without dealing with the crowds in the hub. So that's what we do. Yeah. Subscribe if you're new and be sure to um be sure to uh hit the like if you haven't already. I haven't seen that show in a while. Well, I'm glad we got to show it to you. The tears are real. I get it. I love this exit music, too. So, the exit music is like the whole the whole song, all the verses, whereas they don't do all the verses in the in the show, which is cool to hear the whole thing like this. Kathleen R, congrats on 27 months of Upper Gold. Stream after stream, you and Jenna always bring it with excellent camera work. Thank you. Appreciate that, Kathleen. We definitely do our best and we're glad you're here. your heart. Yeah. Kiss good night would be great, David. Uh see if we can maneuver our way through. We all have to go. lined up for the dessert party over there. Isaac always does a great job on the lyrics. That's a tradition. They always have Isaac doing that. And so if it bothers somebody, just turn off the chat or, you know, realize that it's not that big a deal and we're just going to keep doing it. It is dead. Yeah, it is catchy. Hello, Sean. Yeah, exactly Sean. If it fascinates me too, people always just want to leave right after. Who knows? It's kind of like sometimes at Fantasmic people will get in this rush to leave and they'll leave even before like the best the the best part is the last scene with the river boat and everything and and all the you know all the pyro and everything that happens at the end and Mickey and everything was so cool at the end of Fantasmic and the music and they'll leave. Now last night it was a full house and nobody left or at least that I could see. So that was fun. Yeah, it's always good when people stay. And definitely I don't necessarily mind that so many people leave though because it means uh less people on the park for us. People running probably trying to get to Tron. I doubt they're running for people mover. Look at them go. Look at them go. It's the Tron 500. It's like the Indy500 except for not in Indianapolis and not at a raceway. But other than that, it's just like the Indy500 again. Thanks for joining us. Subscribe if you're new and uh let's go enjoy some people mover and then we'll see how many other rides we can get done before 10:00 when the park closes. Okay. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please stay clear of the door. our rides included with much most packages. Well, yeah. Um if you're in the park, you can ride every ride. It's the nice thing about Disney and and most theme parks is um you know, you can buy the Lightning Lane pass where you can get in, of course, with less lines at some attractions, but um as far as standing in the regular standby line, you can you can do that for every attraction here at Disney. And actually, there's no more virtual cues either. your card. Used to be um Tron and uh Guardians were virtual cube, but now they're not. That's kind of nice. Oh, hey spaceship. Good to see you. Good to see you. Yes. Watch your staff. All right, it's time to move the people. entities inside your car and stay clear of the doors which will open. Enjoy your journey. Please step carefully onto the moving platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, or medical appsages inside your car and please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of doors, which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. Thank you. This is the TTA blue line. Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm 40, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow. My stars, there are never lots to see. From spacecraft to monster, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Trafer to Green and Red Lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future. I find two of my favorite spots. First up is Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. On your right is Star Trekers, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except actual stars, those are no longer sold. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Rock. I love a ghost circuit and these are two of the best tracks in the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31, please keep on calls clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. Heat. Heat. This is Starport 75 or as we locally call it spacecraft. Our highspeed rocket distant deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy, the coral rooms of Pisces 7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Book today. Happy heat. Heat. Heat. changing Mr. tomorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors in Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. As usual, we're moving ahead and so is the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. is one of the real monsters to come. Whether you have one eye or nine, take the time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people river journey has nearly come full orbit. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're concluding, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time, now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow today. See you in the future. This is the TTA blue line non-stop service around the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms, antenna, and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. All right, let's see what else we can ride before the park closes. Uh David was asking about the spaceship flying saucer on top of the uh yeah on top of the um little stand over here. And the answer is unfortunately yes. They did take it down. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news but yes they did in fact take down the uh take down the space little space flying saucer. Looking at some weight times here. Peter Pan's only 25. That's crazy. Uh, let's go do Tiana. Maybe we can jump on Pan after that. We'll see. Yeah, I think Tiana's body would be fun. I'm probably going to forego Haunted Mansion this time. And there is another parade at 10. So if we catch that, great. If not, no worries. Father and I are going to Disney World during my 24th birthday this May. hopefully see you and Jenna in person when the time comes. Yeah, for sure. That'd be great. And yes, Spaceship Beers, we got to hang out at the uh Retro Magic. That was pretty awesome. I can't wait when you said last year. I was like, wait, last year? Yes. Yes, you're right. It was last year. Crazy how time flies. Doesn't seem that long ago. So, all right, let's see what we can get to. And again, thanks for being here. Thanks for joining us. We appreciate all of you guys. Uh we definitely want to talk about some of our awesome sponsors. Um mickeytravels.com. If you want to book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World, just go to mickeyras.com and uh they'll help you book your trip. And they are a great service. And again, with with travel agents for Disney, you actually don't pay extra. So you say, "Oh, I can book my own trip. I don't need a travel agent." Well, they actually do all the hard work for you and Disney pays them commission. and that's how they make money. Uh, so they don't make money from from the the guests that they booked for, they make money from Disney. Disney pays them commissions. So, go check that out at mickeytras.com or mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. We also have if you want to move down here to central Florida and you're like, man, that cold weather telling you tired of it. I want to be down in Florida where it's 60 69 or 68 degrees and the rest of us are freezing. I want that to happen. So, if you want that, I know not everybody's able to move, but if you are able to and you want to come on down, we have our own real estate service, resort tv1homes.com. We're brokered by EXP Realy. That's resort tv1homes.com. And just go to the website, click on contact us, and one of our expert realtors will get in touch with you and help you find that dream home here in Central Florida. It's resorthomes.com. All right. The view of the castle there. 8° in St. Louis. Wow. We're 60° warmer right now. Yeah, close enough. 66 right now. It dropped a little bit but not much. 34 in Moss Bluff, Louisiana. There you go. Not quite freezing. We had 34 a week or two ago. 33 up here in Seattle. Right around the freezing mark. always love that side view of the castle. Beautiful. So, technically they won't clear this area out until after the parade comes through around 10:30, even though the park will be closed. But good for them for doing two parades. That's always nice. I'm Ninja Watching. Just wanted to say thank you for the stream. Jedi Master Jason, you are very welcome. Thanks for watching. Three in Milwaukee, 14 in New Jersey. Hopefully cold enough to beat the Rams tomorrow. There you go. Nice. Yep. You know, a lot of the commentators will say Seahawks are the best team in football right now. I don't have a horse in the race. So, uh, like I said, my my uh my horse, the Hooers, they won the national championship. So, I'm I'm good. I've got have my sports wins for the year. I'm good. So, I guess, you know, in that in that regard, it might be fun to watch the games just cuz I don't have a vested interest in who wins. Sometimes it is fun to watch a game where you're not invested in the outcome. But either way, that's cool. Minus four in Maine. Wow. You guys are pretty up far up north though. But still minus 4 in Wisconsin. This morning it was minus 35 in Hayward, Wisconsin. That must be pretty far north, I would say. were were super impressive in that game. They really were. And I think a lot of people were like expecting them to kind of blow Miami out, but it's like no, no, Miami beat all those teams and got to that spot because they really were that good. So Miami fans should be proud of their team even though they didn't pull it out in the end. It took Miami making some mistakes uh or Indiana causing some mistakes for that to happen because technically, you know, the blocked punt was a mistake and extra effort by Indiana and you know, of course Mendo does a touchdown. Like all those things like I feel like that was just such a great game. I'm still reliving it. Still reliving it. So fun. But, you know, hey, considering it's never happened before in the 100 plus year history of the school's football program, I'd say uh it's okay to relive it for a few more days. And what's cool, too, is just the way they built the program. Uh, Signetti being such a great coach and sounds like he's going to stay around for a while. Um, you know, they should while he's there and they get that they get that program and that system built up, they should be a contender every year. You know, you can't say they're going to win the championship every year. It would be great. And I certainly would never count them out because they're so good. But like they'll at least be a contender every year and people will have to kind of respect them a little more on the schedule. Anyway, yay football talk. I never I still think one of the most surprising games though was the Rose Bowl. You know, just nobody thought that IU was going to blow out Alabama. I mean, honestly, right until the end, it was it was almost a shut out until Alabama got Alabama got that one field goal and it was like, who had that on their bingo card that IU was going to blow out Alabama, one of the traditionally most dominant teams in football? All right. Amazing that the QB was a two star recruit. Yeah, hard work pays off and uh good hard work. You know, you have good coaching and people who can who can uh take somebody and increase their their status and their talent level. Around - 22F, you can take a pot of hot water, throw it in the air, and we'll turn to snow. Wow. Or ice, right? Probably not snow, but maybe ice. Okay, I need to switch my connection real quick. Stay tuned. Let's see. My kids and I watch Adam and Tims when they open. Oh yeah, it's so fun. Signetti will be Alabama next coast. People down there already over Kaylin the ball for being I know signetti is not going to Alabama. He doesn't want to, like he said, he's retiring from from Indiana. Indiana's been good to him. I don't think it matters how much money Alabama throws at him. And with what's it um Mark Cuban helping out Indiana if if uh if they they decide, you know, Signetti needs more money. Mark Cuban, I think, will help out with that. He'll just open the checkbook. Mark Cuban's got a pretty deep checkbook, I think. Yeah, although Mark Cuban did wasn't really the he he wasn't uh involved until just the end of the year here. And um they spent way less in money than Miami did. So very Yeah. biggest turnaround ever, probably. Can I ride with you? Hello. It's tough to repeat, but not unprecedented. Just needs to see the balance of power shift a little bit. Alabama thinks he will be going there. Why? Why would he want to go there? Nice to see Alabama not win sometimes. All right, they've had their chance. Let me see if I can get this fixed over. This is such a fun song. All right, my VPN's not working. That may mean my internet Oh, my internet's probably out at home. All right, I'm going to switch. Yeah, that means the internet's out. I'll switch. I'll be right back. You need to care for such a great song. All right. Sorry. Yep. My my BRB isn't working because the home internet's out now. Man, those old jazz ballads are just so nice. They taught Ohio State how to use the portal, but they didn't know already. That's what I think. It's funny how everybody says like Indiana did this or that. They only did what everybody else had access to. They just did it better. I think the other thing is, you know, coming from Indiana, I know there's just something a little different sometimes. Who's your hospitality and teamwork and all that kind of stuff. It's a it's a value. So, it's a value here or there, I should say. And I don't know. I wouldn't be surprised if everybody sticks around or most everybody. No. Uh, Robert, the internet has a planned maintenance window. They I got an email saying they were doing maintenance on our internet. It's a walk. Just remember, it's very easy to fall from top. Oh, for sure. Like I said, I don't, you know, I don't know what's going to happen next year, but at the end. Okay. How many? One. One. Yeah, I can bring you. You're going to be my row number eight. Okay. Okay, great. Thank you. But yeah, it you know it is easy to fall from the top for sure. But I don't think it's a one one year thing. I think they built a sustainable system. But you know, people will keep doubting them until they repeat it a couple times. So that's normal. I mean, they've been bad for hundred years. So they're going to have to do it a couple more times to get people to believe. I never either way. There's nothing you can really nothing you can really take away from them. They they achieved it. Can I get the second back? I think it Yeah, Alabama's usually not out for very long, but I will say I think that it's possible for new new challengers to come in and I certainly think that um I think IU I think with the IU doing so well, I think it woke up a lot of uh a lot of support that wasn't there before. So, I think it'll be sustainable for a little while. Hope Pierce thought they would if they had the first pick, they would interview Signetti. I think there was rumors that they wanted to, but he's already said he's not going anywhere. No, they'll pay him whatever whatever he wants. Funny thing is nobody thought he was any good until Indiana gave him a chance. Like not that nobody thought he was any good. Nobody just none of the big teams wanted to give him a chance. Disney girl. Yeah, Indiana. I mean, they were this year for sure and hopefully they will be. But I um Yeah, until Indiana gave them a chance, nobody else wanted to. I think Ohio State's going to be tough again next year like they always are. And I don't think that's always a guaranteed win for anybody. I think Ohio State's always going to be tough. Alabama will probably come back, but yeah, it'll it'll be interesting. All right, enjoy the ride. Happy birthday. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. We love you. Yeah. Heat. Hey, they are Louis. Let's join and find a way for our celebration to the right now. This is going to look like my backyard. No, that's not my sh I'm homeless. Tell the What am I doing? I watched on Marcus. fishing down here and they are good. We'll ask them to join the band. Oh my good. I I don't like all the play. Now we're trying to cross. We have to find Now we have a bigger Now we're going to in there. But you found the sound I was Heat. Heat. But in my friends to pass along my look excited. Yeah. 3 2 1 It got right on screen. It was good. It looks like she's got no one in front of her to protect her. I normally screaming off. And our defense you offer is I should be right here. I think there's no fin. You got to make it happen. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You know, you get Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I don't have Welcome back y'all. I have a funny story to tell you about when I left off the wall. Oh, nice. Okay, that was awesome. I think the signal worked pretty well, didn't it? Or did you have lag? That maybe a little bit of lag. I don't know. All right. Yeah, I was going to say I don't think there was lag on my end at least. Let me let me let me uh wipe off the lens here. Well, the park is closed and that's all. That was fun. I'm going be honest with you guys. I didn't notice the talking until like you guys said it in the chat. I really didn't notice at all. I was actually just enjoying the ride. So, all good though. Little in one spot, but it didn't last long. Okay, good. No, I really didn't even notice it. I was just chilling and enjoying the ride. So, there you go. I mean, I did afterwards, but I was like, "Oh, well." We should be able to catch the uh should be able to catch the parade on the way down to Main Street to get my cookie or hot dog or something. I don't know. Hot dog kind of sounds good if I can get into Casey's, but I really kind of want both. I probably will end up going ahead and ending the stream uh here in a little bit once we get back to Main Street just because um that way I don't have to worry about, you know, putting you guys on a long long BRB or something like that. Let me make sure my 24-hour channel's still working since the home internet's down. Okay. Yeah, I love the ride at night time when you go down the the big hill and you see you see the beautiful view of Magic Kingdom. It's really nice. Okay, let's see. Yeah, I want to make sure the 24 24-hour stream is still working. It should be on backup system now. Let's see if it is. Yes, it did it. Okay, it did. It did get to the backup system. So, it is working. And the night the nighttime dayight cycle is also working. So, yay. Okay. Well, um but yeah, that doesn't mean the internet's down tonight, but I don't need to do anything when I get home. So, that's good. I'll just I'll just uh go to bed. Super cool and super easy. Yeah, you definitely get a great view of Cinderella Castle for the big drop. Uh Sorcerer Mickey went to Disneyland today. Was surprisingly not crowded. Wow. How about How cool is that? Oh, look at this view. That's cool. sourcing Mickey, I'm glad that you got to do that. Picture quality night's amazing. Ah, so good to hear that. Actually, speaking of which, let me let me pause really quick just to save some battery. Okay, we're back. Sorry, I wanted to I I don't really want to plug in my spare battery right now. So, cuz I'm about to end anyway. All right. Yeah, I've I've had the um I've had the bit rate the bit rate pretty high tonight. Good evening, stargazers. We're delighted to invite you on tonight's journey through the stars. Follow your heart and make a wish. Disney Starlight Dream the Night Away begins in just 10 minutes. Anyway, thanks for joining me tonight. It's been super fun. Look at that moon shot over uh Tiana's there. That's cool. I don't know if that'll actually show up on my camera or not, but I'm going to try it. Nice. All right. So, uh, yeah, thanks for joining me. Thanks for a fun evening of rides and parades and fireworks and and chat. Oh, I did I did want to respond to one comment in the chat. Um, we're talking about this a little bit. I was talking about this a little bit earlier with somebody else. Um, and also I was listening to even a radio show about it. somebody was we were talking about football with IU and everything and we're talking about the uh you know the big new the biggest new things in uh college football course the transfer portal in the NIL and this person said they thought that would had really ruined it and you know I mean obviously everybody's entitled their opinion but I actually think quite the opposite I actually think it saved college football uh because college football to me was unwatchable um obviously it helps when your team wins the championship right like that's always that that always helps watchability for you know your team gets a national championship. But um but even aside from that, I think what the NIL did and what what uh transfer portal did was even the playing field for teams. So you don't have the same teams winning all the time. Nobody wants to watch, you know, Ohio State win their 10th championship and Michigan win their 10th championship and I don't know how many and I don't I don't think anybody's got that many and Alabama win their 10th championship. Not nobody, but nobody except those fan bases want that. If you really want um if you really want people to watch, there's got to be more parody in the sport where where it's, you know, teams that are Let's go this way. Actually, let's see. We'll make the parade as it comes up. There needs to be more parody. And that's one way to get it. Is it perfect? No. Um but it also keeps the players on the teams longer. So it's not like the NBA where they just run to the NBA after one year in college or sometimes straight out of high school. So you're keeping people on the team more. You're getting games with older players like IU had older players. So that meant there was a lot more skilled and experienced players. Um so I think it's overall a good thing and I think it gives a lot of people hope for like hey even if our teams have been bad for you know years and years and years we actually have a chance to reload with some good players. So, having said that, obviously there's the issue of, oh, whoever has the most checkbook wins. So, I think maybe a cap a cap at some point would be good. But, um, I don't know. Anyway, that's my that's my spiel about that. I stole some of that from a a podcast I listened to with Colin Coward. He's a sports guy, but he had he that was his point was that for a while when it was only SEC winning, they were having trouble with um ratings because SEC is only a small part of the country. whereas Big 10 winning tends to be, you know, it's it's more spread out along the country. So, I don't know, just a thought. All right. Yeah. Good night, everybody. Guess we're not going to catch the parade. I mean, technically, I could go over here and watch it, but I don't know. Then I'll miss my hot dog, my hamburger, or my my Coke. I respectfully think the opposite will happen. And the teams with the most money will continue to win maybe. I don't know. But what was happening before? The same teams were winning over and over again, right? And the Alabama and the and the So I mean, what was what is the solution to that then? Do you just keep letting it happen or I don't know. I feel like that allowed other people to obviously it allowed Indiana to do something. Anyway, I just think it shook it shook things up a little bit in a sport that was pretty pretty stagnant and pretty stale with the same teams over and over again. I didn't I didn't watch it after a while because it was just so predictable. Well, maybe um South Carolina can come back anyway. Creating is based on merit, not based on money. Yeah, but nobody would come to a team that was bad. That's the problem. So, how do you fix that? Or you just let it stay like that? You see what I'm saying? Like, there was no solution for that. It's just let it stay how it was and let the bad team stay bad. That's not okay. Oh, no. Lars and Ambia, that's okay about the talking on the ride. That's totally fine. No worries. I'm thinking trying to think. I kind of do want to watch this, but I also want to like get my snack. Yeah, there probably is a hybrid solution of some kind. I know. What? Welcome. Good evening everyone. Welcome to this wonderful night. Did you know that when a star is born, they possess a gift or two? One of them is this. They have the power to make a dream come true. So come with us now as we go on a magical journey through the stars and dream the night away. Yeah. Heat. I'm going guys. I just want to see the beginning. Come with me on a magical journey kissed by starlight by virtual starlight and all that is good. May each and every one of your dreams come true. Do as dreamers do and wish upon a star. A real I'm a real boy. A real life boy. is for celebration. All right, that's a good spot. I like that because you got afraid in the castle. I actually almost got a picture of the blue fairy in front of the castle, but I missed it. All right, we'll come back. And there's a speaker right there. All right, I like that spot. But if I watch the whole parade, I am going to miss my snack. So, you guys are right. This is more than Everybody's saying, "Go get me a snack." And then David says, "Please stay." If I stay, I won't get anything to eat cuz it'll close at 10:30. So, I actually didn't have dinner. So, I'm going to go get dinner. I'll come back and do it again sometime. I'm kind of hungry. Sorry to tease. I just I wanted to hear that intro fan fair again cuz I love it so much. I didn't mean to tease everybody. Don't tempt me. I'll go back and do it. You know how I am. One person asked me. I'm like, "No, okay, I'll go. I'll skip my food. I'm too dedicated sometimes. Angry Josh. Yeah, always bad. What a cool shot right there. How fun. Look at that. Yeah, the parade is 13 minutes, so there wouldn't have been any time. I think everything closes at 10:30. It was a good spot, though. So, we'll remember that. Let's see. Trying to think of what to do. Main Street is still not clear yet. Hello. We can kind of go around this way. Oh, there were there new characters. Yeah, we saw it earlier though, so I bet they were in there earlier, too. Oh, that's cool. Spaceship beers. Yeah. No, I love both castles. I think Disneyland's castle is more appreciated better from a closer distance. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh boy. A train ride through the stars with all our friends. It's like we're on a shooting star. Walk the lights. Come on. Have fun. Heat up here. have. All right, we are going to say good night. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to send you guys over to the 24/7 channel. Uh definitely join me over there. It'll be easier for me to chat with you guys over there rather than just have the stream on the whole time. So, go check out all the all the awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below. Uh, we've got um let's see, who else did we not do? Oh, David's DBC Rentals. dbcrequest.com/tv. Again, that's dbcrequest.com/tv. David's DBC Rentals. Uh, if you want to rent a DBC room for a fraction of the cost, check out David's. What else do we have? Um, we have um DreamTable. It's an app that gets you uh all the best reservations for all the parks. Just go check it out on the app store. Dream Table on the App Store. We also have um there's one more. I'm forgetting. I'm not sure. What did I forget? Either way, it's all good. Oh, uh Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Definitely go check them out. Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. We'll see you guys Tranquil Tuesday. I've got something special planned. Uh, I just got a text from somebody and I think we can do something really fun on Tranquil Tuesday. So, stay tuned. It's going to be super fun and uh we you don't want to miss it. Also, thank you to all of our platinum members. Um, thank you to all of our Patreons, all of our moppers, all of our hoppers. Appreciate all you guys. Uh, let me thank our platinums real quick and then we'll uh then we'll be done. And so, we'll send you guys over to the um 24/7 channel. Go subscribe over there. You're going to love it. It's awesome. Our platinum members are Bayubo, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Stephanie Mertz, Go Manny, Dian 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer, Mickey, William Ly, Mike Crazy Grunup, Life, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jayla Mox, Lisa Cander, Ronnie, Will Miller, Christopher Black, uh, James Han, Ali, Barismo, and Alan J. Thank you everybody for watching. Thanks for a great stream. Uh, and we'll see you over on the 24-hour channel. I'll be chatting with you guys while I'm eating and enjoying some food. So, we'll see you soon. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. No, no, it's a resort TV one. Resort TV1. It's a live stream. Oh, cool. Thanks. I appreciate it. Thank you. Here we are.
