---
video_id: evp7p7gcT6s
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Saturday Night at Magic Kingdom - 4-4-26 - Walt Disney World Live Stream"
published: 2026-04-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evp7p7gcT6s
---
94. Attention travelers. Your train has been for your safety. Please remain seated. Thank you. Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I am live here at the Magic Kingdom for Saturday evening fun at Magic Kingdom. Welcome in everybody. And of course, as always, if you're new to the stream, you're new to the channel. We do these live streams all the time. You get to step inside the parks with us, ride rides with us, see fireworks, parades, all the things with us, just like you're here along with us. In fact, it's just like you're walking right next to us because of the high quality audio and video that we have on the stream. So, be sure to hit the like button, subscribe if you're new, and also hit the notification bell. A lot of people haven't turned on the notification bell, so turn that on real quick and uh join us. Yeah. Hi. >> Big fan, man. >> Nice to see you. >> Can I say hi? I think >> Sure. >> Hey, what's up, guys? >> Good to meet you, man. >> You, too. Where you from? >> Uh, New Orleans. >> Okay. Very cool. I'm on my first solo trip. >> Oh, nice. Enjoy. That's awesome. So fun. >> Great weather. Great. Not not bad weight time, surprisingly. >> Oh, good. I haven't even checked that out yet. Well, that's good to know. >> Have a good night, man. >> Yes, sir. You, too. Have fun. >> So, yeah. Follow us on social media. And, uh, definitely hit that notification bell. A lot of people haven't done that yet. We always get notified if we have a stream that's maybe a surprise. It's a beautiful night here as uh our friend just said there. It was great to meet him and yeah, he uh he had it right. It's a absolutely gorgeous night here in Central Florida and in the Magic Kingdom. Awesome. Awesome. So, yeah. Happy Easter weekend, everybody. >> All right. I'll probably get on people over here in a minute. I was just kind of strolling around seeing the uh the sites here. Let's go ahead and walk down here though. >> Actually, I wanted to check the Buzz Lightyear before we get on People Mover. Yeah. >> We're glad to have everybody. Oh, and we also I wanted to mention this too. We're in 1440p again tonight. So that means a lot more pixels on your screen, making things a lot more clear for you. So definitely check your quality resolution on your TV or device and make sure you are at 1440p. I just ran into Jenn and Dale. One day hopefully I'll get to meet you. Oh yeah, for sure. I don't know where where they at that tonight. I didn't ask them where they were headed. That's pretty cool. The sun is uh we're officially in bright suns mode for sure. >> So yeah. Here. Let me uh let me head back this way. I'm going to check out Buzz Light. I'm so glad it's open. It seems to have been open about every day. In fact, I guess is it officially open now? It was going to be open next week, but um I think they officially open especially for Easter weekend being so busy. They probably figured one more ride open wouldn't hurt anything. And I'm sure that was true. So yeah, looks like lightning lanes are in full effect here. 40 minutes. Yeah. So we're not going to do that right now. We'll do it later. 40 minutes. >> Yeah, they're even selling lightning links for it. >> Oh, Joseph. No, I haven't seen Jojo for a while. So, all right. We'll come back. Maybe uh maybe we'll do it before Starlight or maybe we'll do it uh right after fireworks or something like that. We'll find we'll find a time either way. Let me head over towards the Z people mover. We're going to move the people including me and all of you. >> Okay. Hey, bespoke magic. Hey, Candy. Sandy Pandy. Welcome in, guys. It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood. All right. And I did actually post the Buzz Lightyear ride through video this morning at 10. If you missed that, you can go watch it. It's from my stream last time. So, I just want to have it as a separate standalone video. So, hopefully you'll hopefully you'll check that out when you get a chance. My 2008 Samsung TV will not die. 1080p looks great with Josh. We have I have a a 2008 Samsung 1080p TV as well. Those things are awesome. I had to replace uh some capacitors in the power supply. So, it almost died. It tried to die, but it didn't. And we just replaced the one in in uh Steph's office because um it was working, but it was just it was creating too much heat in the room. So, we replaced it and we gave it to a friend. So, it's still kicking, just not in our house anymore. >> Hello from the UK. Hello, Candace. Serox D. Hello. Hopefully I say that right. Josh, hello Josh. Resort TV team and chat. Hey, Daniel. have to leave work at 5. Wow. >> Hi, Petra. >> Hi. How are you guys? >> Thanks for everything you do. >> Oh, for sure. Have fun, guys. I did film part of a video for RetroTV1 Tech today. um which will be like not actually retro tech, but I was telling you guys about the new graphics card. I put it in today. It actually worked. I got to do a little tweaking on it to get some of the some of the things worked out the way it's supposed to, but it worked immediately. Was actually a real uh those of you in tech know sometimes instead of plugging plugandplay, it's plug-and. This was actually a true plug-and-play. It just it just worked immediately. You know how it is though when you plug something in and you kind of turn it on and you just hope the screen comes on. You hope the uh >> you hope you see an image and it took it a couple minutes like it actually did. It was definitely getting everything set up for the new card and then it finally popped on. But that'll be on RetroTV1 Tech. I just have to film the end of it. I didn't have time before I left today to film the u the I did benchmarks on it just to show the difference and I didn't have time to film all of the benchmarks on the new card yet. But I did see the Mario movie today. Mario Galaxy. That was really good. Resolution's fabulous. That's awesome. Danielle or Daniel Ken Ran. Hello. >> You work at SeaWorld. Okay. Daniel. >> Hey Indiana. Hey Kyle. >> Johnny says, "If we do one Buzz Lightyear, I'd like to see it through the stream." Yeah, I think we will. We're just going to wait until it's a little less crowded. Hello, Fault Lo. Yes. >> So, if you guys have any trouble with sound, you just have to close the video and reopen. Don't just uh >> reload the video. Don't just sit there and wait for it to fix. Reloading the video fixes 99% of all issues. Hey, Proud Patriot. There's my Retro Tech. Thank you, Leslie. Retro Tech channel link. Appreciate that. You can go subscribe there to get notified whenever that video comes out if you want to see my little bit of tech there. Modern tech instead of retro, but I thought it was fun. Anyway, we'll get back to retro tech after this. Oh yeah, Daniel, that's right. Yeah, we can see what we do a big church service on. Yeah, one of these days I want to go to that. Obviously, not tomorrow. I'm going to be a little tired. We're going to go to church with mom and dad tomorrow morning. But we um yeah, so we all went to see the 115 or 130 showing of um Super Mario Galaxy. It was really good. Enjoyed it so much. I love the cameo of Rob the Robot. Like I mean obviously there's so many other cool things, but the Rob the Robot cameo when they asked uh asked him where something was and he turns like as slow as possible. It was the slowest possible turn, which if you ever know anything about Rob the Robot, like it was really that slow. husband husband and I just got back from seeing the new Mario Galaxy Mario Galaxy movie. Yeah. Isn't that great, Maria? They really did an awesome job with it. I thought Bowser's story arc was confusing. He was like nice, but then anger issues, but then nice again, but then they turned him big, which was dumb, and then really nice, and then he saw his son again, and then his son turned him bad again, and then what? It was just weird. Like Bowser's arc was weird, but the rest of it was really good. I mean, it fits. Bowser can't be a good guy all the time. that that messes with the uh with the whole, you know, story of Mario a little bit. Weather looks good. Yes, I saw Super Mario Galaxy at Midnight premiere and again the other day. I thought it was great. Yeah, I actually watched a movie. You guys proud of me? But no, um there's so many cool things. I don't want to put any more spoilers out there. I said Rob the robot already, but anyway. Well, I tell you what, if you haven't seen it, pause the video for like or mute the video for like 2 minutes cuz I'd love to tell you a little bit about it if you've seen it. So, if you haven't seen it, uh, mute or pause for like a couple minutes. All right. So, people in the chat, uh, let let everybody in the stream know when I've stopped talking about the movie. That way, they don't hear any spoilers. All right. So, this is your warning. Spoiler warning. If you have not watched the movie, definitely um definitely go ahead and um definitely go ahead and mute now. All right, so here we go. So, yes, it was cool. Very cool. Uh seeing Fox Mloud, seeing Star Fox, and then his whole intro was such a comic book intro that he did. like what an amazing amazing um what an amazing kind of cameo for him. He's he was always so cool anyway, but he's like, "Oh yeah, I got a frog for a navigator." And they showed the little brief little clip of um Froggy, whatever his name was, and he'd always be like, you know, whenever there was a problem. Anyway, that was cool. All the Super Mario Galaxy music was cool. Um, the biggest thing, and I hope, again, I hope that you have it muted if you don't want spoilers. This is a big spoiler, the coolest thing was that, um, Peach and Roselina are sisters. Like, that is a new thing in the Mario cannon. Wow. Mind-blowing. Peach gets a backstory. How cool. I don't know if that's ever been said before, but I think that's new. It's cool that they use the movies to tell the story just as well as the games. And then the other thing that I thought was mind-blowingly cool was when Mario and Peach beat Bowser first of all together, but on the bridge outside the castle in a very true Mario one fashion over the lava, cut the cut the bridge, he falls under the lava. Like it was so completely amazingly retro and I loved it. I loved all the 2D scenes in the movie, too, where it switches to 2D. That was cool. So yeah. Anyway, all right. So, with that being said, um, talking about Bowser being big spoil Well, sorry, I forgot. Anyway, all right. So, that I think is all I wanted to say, but that was really, really, really cool. So, all right, spoilers over everybody say spoilers over. No more spoilers. >> Hey, Greg. at all. >> Walk through the treehouse. Yeah, we did that last week, too. We'll see. >> If we have time, we will. >> The spoilers are over now. Probably keep the spoilers out of the chat, too. Obviously, I can't control the chat as well. You know, we moppers can, but um would um but I won't say anymore. >> Oh, that's cool. Shaggy, a friend of yours voice boxed in the Star Fox game. It's cool. I love this. Such a fun game. >> All right. So, yeah. Anyway, no more spoilers, but it was a really good movie. I'll say that. >> Oh, sorry, David. Well, you're back. Ryan Delgmo, six months of Brazil bronze. Thanks, Ryan. >> Oh, good. Greg, you got your D23 pass. Nice. I'll be watching the live stream like everybody else. Oh, hi. We stopped. Every time that thing stops, you almost want to fall forward. >> We saved it, though. Gracias in the car. >> That's cool. Shaggy Joseph has a ride request. All right. Well, go ahead and post it and we'll see. Hey, Brendon. We have one of us together. For your safety, remain seated at all times, arms, feet, legs, and other attend. >> Oh, wow. David, you just finished a fax. You didn't know what the sound was. That's my best modem fax machine impression as that high pitch and it's kind of like interrupted then it goes up and then it goes. Now the the newer ones had this big. They had that in there too. Those like the 336 and the 50 6K modems had that little extra wrinkle in there to tell tell the other side, "Hey, I'm fast. >> Look how fast I can bounce around." >> Just one. >> Yes, I'm a dork. It's fine. I'm singing modem sounds now. >> If there was ever any doubt. >> Hey, Carboard Box. Did you like my modem sounds? >> For your safety, remain seated at all times, including hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors, which will open and close automatically. >> Oh yeah, David. I remember when I got my 14.4 modem >> and that was like super duper fast. >> That was the fastest on the block. I could download Commander Keen faster than anybody. >> Please step carefully onto the moving platform. Then step into the car for your safety. >> Oh, that's cool. Shaggy at all times, keeping hands, arms, cardboard inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. >> There you go. Proud patriot. That's another one. That's another good one, too. >> Isn't it funny though with your modem? like whatever one you had, you'd get used to the sound of it and you could tell if it wasn't working because it'd stall in a certain part of it. You'd be like and then it would just stop and you're like, "Oh, not working." And you you'd be able to hang up and try again. So funny. We could speak modem, couldn't we? >> This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service. Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Morak 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see Tomorrowland. At my stars, is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not. Thank you. >> The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders. Transfer to Green and Red Lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future. I'd find two of my favorite spots. >> First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny borax. >> On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except actual stars. Those are no longer sold. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks in the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep all of clear of archive vehicles. Thank you. This is Starport 75 space. Our highspeed rocket to distant deep space destinations. Yeah. Heat. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy, the coral boos of Pisces 7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Book today. Heat. Heat. Oh, the head. Thank you, Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson at the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy of Vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop orbit launched high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the Carousel. Like Progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. You're right. Call in all space raiders. Report to your star cruiser and join me on this daring space mission. I can see whoever is served. Affirmative. We're on it. Buzz, you can count on us. The best ever monster whether you have one eye or nine. Take the time to see this show. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come full. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're concluding, this is always my favorite part because now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. Good day. See you in the future. Please away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Stay clear. Attention travel. Your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. >> So close. >> With caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> So close yet so far. All right. I saw a couple requests to check out the the Tron store. We can do that. >> Other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step. >> I will not step over the door. Bad form. Attention travelers, your journey has temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. >> Yeah, I saw the two membership milestones. Uh, let me see if I while we're waiting. That's a good point. Okay, thank you for the reminder. Uh, Greg Disney Adventures, congrats on five months of resort opera bronze. Which expansion at Walt Disney World would excite you the most? Cars, Villains, Tropical America or Monsters, Inc.? Oh, good question. Uh, I don't know. I hadn't thought about that. Probably villains. No, probably villains just cuz it's completely new. We don't know anything about it yet. And I think it's going to be the most unique of all the lands because they've never done a villains land anywhere and we get the first one. It's super cool. Yeah, I'm going with villains. Uh, Casey, congrats on 17 months of Opera Bronze. Thank you as always for sharing the magic when I need it the most. >> I know, right? Yeah. So, thank you so much. Congrats on 17 months with Robert Bonds. Thank you, Casey. Always always glad to share. Oh, yeah. Joseph, I saw your request for poo. We'll see. I like poo. Don't like I like the poo ride, but I don't uh it's always so busy. So, maybe later tonight. See if we get started here again. Oh, there it goes. Off we go. >> Please keep arms, antennat. All right. Never complain about a little more sitting time on on the people mover. Always relaxing. I like the cast member said, "You had a nice view." I was like, "Yep, I sure do. I sure do." Oh, wow. They stopped right away. They literally just advanced that enough for us to get off of it. All right. Well, maybe we got off at the right time. Keep mover's having a rough moment. So, we'll let it we'll let it figure itself out before we uh try again. But that was good. All right. Well, let's um Hi. Let's head over to the uh let's see head over to Tron light cycle run just real quick. Checking out the little wait time here. Biz light year. All right, let's go over the front. Space ranger spin. Remember the old TTA narration? Hi Noel. >> Uh Keith, hello. We're doing great. Hope you're doing great, too. The the the nice breeze really just, you know, is relaxing. It's restful. It makes me automatically in a better mood. I mean, that and being at Magic Kingdom, but you know. All righty. So, we're going over to the uh Launch Depot, which was really less about Tron than it is about everything else now. I think they must have had trouble with the Tron merch. You know, the Tron thing was cool, but I think it's just not as it's a cool ride. The ride is cool. Everybody's excited about the ride, but as far as like the movie itself, I think people aren't as excited about Identity Discs and stuff like that. Even though I thought it was a neat idea, I certainly do. >> I'm glad they did it. I thought it was creative. I'm just I'm wondering if it wasn't as widespread appeal as they thought it would be. Hey, Coaster Dude, you're at Ocean City. Nice. Uh the weather right now is 84, but it feels cooler than 84. It feels like 80, 78 or 80 right now because uh the wind is just it's a nice steady breeze. It's not too much, not too little. It's just nice. All right. So, 45 minutes on Space Mountain. Earlier when we when we rode by, it looked like a walk-in because there was no there were no there were no people standing outside, but now it looks definitely longer than 45 as the guy behind me just said. I think he's right. I think he's right. All right, let's go in here and see what we can see. La. Ba la. Hey, carpetium. >> Yeah. Close to Space Mountain. Yeah, it's right next to Space Mountain. So, this is the also the exit to Space Mountain as a lot of you know. It used to be exit to Space Mountain used to be right there. They covered that up and kind of changed it around and made it a little bit more over here, which is interesting, but there's very little about Tron here. Now, this is cool. the the space shuttle even though space shuttle has been retired but it is a very enduring symbol of uh space flight of course NASA is uh very very cool trust never trust Adams they make up everything saw a gentleman with the shirt like that earlier hey I'm glad you're here but yeah or the Artemis now closer to the moon than it is to earth which is pretty awesome yes I think I agree Um, I agree, Shaggy. I think it does have a niche audience. What would you like to delegate to Papa number two? What do I have to do? >> David, I didn't ignore it. I just didn't see it. I only see like three messages at a time. I got to get that fixed. >> Thanks for all you do. Question. Do you have any insight on to why the entry walkway still doesn't work on People Mover? Um, it does. It just worked just a second ago. >> Yeah, it definitely it works. So, Uh, can you take care of Issa's college applications? Oh my gosh. >> Yep. That does sound that does sound intimidating. That might be hard to do from here. All right. So, this is the new bench area. It looks like there's like there used to be like these booths and stuff back here. This is just a uh this is just a cash register now. So, there you go. So, yeah. So, wasn't this over here? Wasn't this like this is this is a bench now. But wasn't this like identity booths and things you could go through. Yeah, that is very different. Hope the Artemis mission goes without a hitch. Me, too. I don't know if this was already here or not, but yeah, this is definitely changed. Now, we have a video of this from when it first came out. Okay, so the Tron merch is is um limited to just this little corner here. Am I doing a shopping update? It sounds like I am. So, we got Tron over here. Uh, I'm training for the spring springtime surprise 10K. They have some cool Tron t-shirts. Not a lot, but a few. >> Are we live? Can I say hi? >> Yeah. You want to say hi? >> Hi, friends. >> We were just looking. Somebody said this was all different now. So, I was just looking at that. >> They just opened up yesterday. That's why I'm roaming around cuz I haven't seen it myself yet. >> Okay. First time seeing it. >> I was trying to remember. I think there were booths over here for a while or something. >> Yes, it was called the Tron identity program. So it was like you can make like custom phone cases, custom Batman fans, like little mini action figures, but we stopped that program at the beginning of January. >> That's what it was. Okay. >> They were just kind of hanging out here for like 2 months >> and we were like, we're tired of this. So they just took it down. >> Well, more benches are always welcome. >> Yes. Yes. There was a big construction wall like from there all the way over here. Oh. >> For like 6 weeks and they finally took it down. >> They got it down. That's cool. Now, I was lucky enough my sister and I, we got invited by Disney to do the media preview. So, I actually walked into this store before anybody bought anything. >> Yeah. >> So, I was like, I have to go back now and look at my old video to see what it looked like when it first reopened. >> Yes. >> That was super fun. >> Awesome. >> Well, thanks for uh stopping and saying hi. >> Pixie Senior 17 Months Resort Arbor Silver. So happy to be a part of this community. Thank you so much, Pixie Seniors. There's a little light cycle run. There's a vintage identity disc and the white cycle run handlebars. Little Life Cycle model. This one's so fun with the little arcade machine. >> Yeah, that's true. Uh, Shaggy, that's right. It is very unique movie. Hi, everyone. Hi, Sh. Hi, Finley. You ever get to go on Disney Adventure? No, not yet. Rex for hotels close to Fort Lauderdale Cruiseport. What was that place I stayed at? Pier 50 some. Pier 43. Was it Pier 43? Pier 40. It's pier. I know. It was a pier. It's a number of pier and it was really good. I actually liked it. It was expensive though, I think, because Disney paid for it. But I liked it. It was a good hotel. Oh, there's the Ari's whatever that is. I haven't seen it. Oh, the Ari's identity disc is actually a triangle. It's the identity triangle. This is fun. Oh, a glow-in-the-dark track. How fun. Remote control. This Yeah, this this place is often a sitting room when the rain starts. Agreed. So then over here starts Star Wars stuff. Look at that vintage Star Wars shirt. That came right out of the 70s with the font and everything. How fun. >> And Mando. >> Sorry about the flipping back and forth. The phone uh the phone is flipping very aggressively today with to to focus on things. Only thing it's a little too aggressive. I should have better memories about the changes take place. Yeah, for sure. No, William, it's okay. I get it. It's It's hard to remember everything. Hard to remember everything. All right, so yeah, all this is Star Wars. We got some Baymax stuff. Uh, and yeah, and then uh NASA. There's a NASA corner. There's a Spider-Man corner, which is random. Are we allowed to have Spider-Man merch in the parks? I guess we are. A thanks, Coaster Dude. Yeah, Spider-Man stuff. Oh, no. We actually have legit Spider-Man merch here. Interesting. I thought we weren't allowed to. Maybe there's more to the agreement or something. Or maybe Disney said whatever. I don't know. Yeah, there's actually there's actually Spider-Man merch. >> Hey girl, it's me again. >> It's cool. Just >> want to know if you'd write your channel name down and subscribe when I'm >> do this real quick. I love my Disney streamers. >> Oh, I love that. Yeah. >> Yes. >> So, it's just Resort TV and the number one. >> Period. >> Do you know um the Disney with Sean show for Chance? >> Um not Well, I guess. Do they live stream in the park? >> Yes, he does like every morning he walks from the TTC to Magic Kingdom. >> Oh. >> And so when I have early shifts, I'll like watch them in the morning before I go. >> Oh, that's fun. No, I mean, you know, like I'm friends with a lot of the I don't know if you know like Ron on the Go and Tanya, Crazy Disney Lady and some of those. Like I'm friends with all those people, but we've been doing this for almost nine years now. >> Wow. >> Yeah. A long time. A long time. >> Over nine years. Sorry, I can't count. It's fine. >> It's like almost older than my sister. >> I was talking like I'm on the Disney College Program, so like some of us are like 25, some of us are like 18. So I was talking about the Hannah Montana 20 year anniversary the other day. Oh yeah. >> I asked my friend Nick. I was like, "Nick, are you excited?" And he goes, >> "That sure came out before I was born." And I was like, >> "Yeah, >> that was crazy." >> I was watching the Mario Galaxy movie today >> and there were like things that come on there like games that my I was like, "Hey, like my son was with me. He's nine." And I was like, >> "Look, Liam, that's like that's Star Fox." And he's like, "What?" I'm like, >> that's kind of how I was with my boyfriend and his friends and they were like freaking out about like the Smash Bros. characters being in it and I was like, "Whatever makes you guys happy makes me happy." >> And I'm old enough I remember it before they were in Star in Smash Bros. So, you know. Yeah. >> But uh but yeah, so that's that's how I know. Plus I teach and some of my kids at school if I'll say something like about an 80s cartoon be like, "Oh yeah, you know, like well these are actually older than that, but like you know like on the Flintstones or on the Jetsons and they're like what?" >> I'm like, "Yep, I'm old. I forgot." >> So Well, cool. Well, good luck on your college program. >> Thank you. >> And uh everybody say bye to Sophie. >> Bye. >> Awesome. >> Maybe I'll see you in your chat sometime. >> Yeah, come on in. >> Have a good rest of your day. >> You too. Car Fox. No, David, that that came a little afterwards. All right, so this is >> that's our uh Tomorrowland launch bay update. Also, fuel rods right there. >> You need fuel rods, they got them right there. >> I love the Super Mario Galaxy movie. I I did my spoilers earlier, so I'm I'm going to try really hard not to do any spoilers, but I did enjoy it quite a bit. So yeah, go see it. That's all I'm going to say. Like if you if you're a Mario fan, go see it. If you're a Nintendo fan at all, go see it. >> Well worth it. I will say I don't think this is a spoiler, but it start I thought it started slightly slow, but I thought it picked up pretty quickly. So that was good. So I don't I don't I don't know that that's a negative. I think it was something that, you know, a lot of people don't know about galaxies. So, I thought they did a good job kind of keeping it understandable for even people that aren't a huge fan of Mario Galaxy cuz that was a little bit of a niche game, too, even though it was a good one. So, yeah, it is very bright, but I mean like ridiculous bright right now. Can't we just scare people to charge our phone? We scare because we care. I think we can also make them laugh now, too. That's a whole thing. They got a whole They got a whole attraction about that now, in case you guys are wondering. All right. Oh, wow. Pirates is 15. Go, go, go. Hopefully, I can make it. On is down. See if we can make it to Pirates. >> Good grief. I'm going to need to get my hat if that sun's going to be like that. >> I guess it's just at that low point where >> it uh is directly at us. It's blinding. >> Hi. How are you guys? Good. >> Good. >> Thank you. Appreciate that. >> It's funny because his grandpa is watching. Imagine where you guys are and he's actually watching. >> Oh, very cool. You want to say hi to him? Hey, grandpa. >> That's awesome. >> Having fun. >> Having it. >> Actually, you were at Epcot the other day yesterday. Okay. >> And you had us walk right by. We never saw you were doing it. And his grandfather was like, "Oh my god, this is you." And he took a >> Oh, cool. Well, it'll be easier to take a screenshot now cuz you're standing still. >> Thank you. >> Nice to see you guys. >> Thank you. Appreciate you guys watching. >> Bye, guys. Chad's blinding me with science. It's blinding me with photons. Isn't that what they call the light? Light particles, aren't they? Photons. I also have to use my hand. I'm going to use my hand as a hat. It's a thing. Okay. She blinded me with science. Yes, I think the sunset will be beautiful. That's going to happen in uh about an hour. A little more. That'll be cool. >> Yeah, it's so sad. Still got the moat drain because they're still finishing up castle painting. >> Photons. Thanks, Jinger. I figured it was. So, anyway, they're still finishing up painting the castle, but once they're done with that, uh I don't know. I don't know if they're going to do a uh another coat of paint on it or not, but that is I have an update on that soon. So, we'll see. We'll see what they do with it. Are >> they still testing at Big Thunder? I don't know. Did somebody get to see testing over there? I haven't I'm not here as much as a lot of people. I'm here about once a week. So, although this week I was here twice because of the Tranquil Tuesday. I end up coming on Tranquil Tuesday after they're done painting the house so they can paint my house. Yeah. I wonder if they go for higher. Let's see if I need to go over here. Although, I will give you a castle shot as we go by here. Let's just go through the middle so you can see the castle a little better. >> Yeah, the sunset is probably going to be pretty. There's not a lot of clouds, but the sun's very strong today, so I think it'll be it'll be a good one. Yeah. I don't know, David. I think they are going to put another gray paint on the another layer of gray paint on the castle. I think that's my guess, >> but I could be wrong. >> Oh, thanks, Coach Dude. >> I think I'm going to go ahead and go do um I think we're going to go go ahead and do Pirates. This is a great great show. Really liking the 24/7 live stream. I was wondering if there's a video of Universal Energy on it. There is. >> There sure is. Not the original, but Ellen's Energy Adventure has a video. >> What a great >> I got to zoom on my character friends here. >> Oh, that's funny. David Come alive for a child inside. So much more than we see. So much more than dream for your eyes. Tomorrow is brighter than you can imagine. Come on, take my hand. Leave you open and we go to the place we all you meant to unfold. We will cate. When mag feels like magic. It feels like home. >> All right. >> Cool. >> So awesome. >> Okay, let's head over to Pirates. I'm sure the line's going to go up, but >> hopefully it won't. >> Maybe we'll be lucky. >> Lucky, lucky, lucky. carry you. >> Oh, there's Tink. I never say hi to Tink. She's right there. Tink. Tink. Tink. >> Okay, here we go. Poor Tank. I was walk right by her. >> I remembered that time. >> I knew it. >> She's fairy size. spring roll line. Not bad. >> Just a couple people in there. Not bad at all. So, if you want to spring roll, now's a good time. >> Streamer. >> Oh, be like, "Good. Good job. I should have been like girl if we're we're just saying we're saying we're just saying what we are. >> I don't know when we'll hear about the carousel progress opening scene. It is something they hopefully they can work on. Maybe they're already working that behind the scenes and then they might be able to like just close the ride for a little while to, you know, a small amount of time to to install it cuz they only have to do it in they only have to do it in one part. Like they don't have to make multiple walts. There's only one stage that needs a wall. So I think at first I was even thinking about wrong. I was like, "Oh, they need they need one for every stage or every room." And it's like, "No, they don't. They only need it in one room." So, unless they decide to do it in the closing room, the exit room as well. Jenna is at um I don't she's with Dale tonight. She doesn't join me on Saturday. So, you guys know that by now. We only do together stream on Sat on Friday because of our schedules. It works out better that way. >> Oh, we've been doing that for years. She very rarely joins me on a Saturday unless we're like doing all day or something. So, that'll be fun. Yeah. When the carousel thing is done, it'll be very, very nice. A lot of people walking around, that's for sure. Boys, boys. the OP's open with the update when you go. Yeah, for sure. And if you ever wonder why it's dark on the screen, it's probably because the sun is right behind whatever I'm filming. >> It usually changes when I point away from it. Like right now, it's fine. But like right now, you see, you know, pretty normal colors and lighting. Then if I point back this way, you're going to see everything's dark because I'm going into the sun and everybody is uh you know the or everybody the camera is uh compensating for that. Some of the pictures from uh Artemis are amazing. They've had to figure out some camera settings too. They've got camera experts working with them on, you know, cuz it's hard when space is pitch black, but the Earth, you know, is really bright when it's reflecting the sun's light or the moon's light. The one picture on the dark side of the Earth basically was amazing. uh where only moonlight illuminating the earth. That was cool. All right, I need to change uh need to change settings really quick. I'll be right back. Be right back. And we're back. That was a quick one. Oh, I already smell pirate smell. >> Yeah, this isn't bad at all. That's great. >> Kind of crazy. The night before Easter pirates at 15 minutes. Not bad. Not bad at all. Castillo delmoro. You can smell my rum from there. Nope. I smell the pirate water. The bromine, it' be broine ahead. That's what they use in the water, by the way. They don't use chlorine. They use bromine. Cuz broine is gentler on the skin when it splashes on you. >> This is Pirates of the Caribbean. Joseph, you didn't see us walk in. That's pretty cool. One of the astronauts looks like Christina looking at the the Earth. >> It's beautiful. >> I bet it looks a lot better with, you know, just regular >> regular vision because you don't have to your eyes are better at HDR. That's fun. >> What instrument is playing the pirates queue? Um, >> there's a couple different ones, but the main one you hear is the solo instrument is like a it's like a bass flute or something. I think it's a very low flute sound. >> Every time I've heard a every time I've heard a bass or alto flute, I think that's what it sounds like. Oh, dizzy therapy. No, he was trying to catch up with his family. >> No, I saw him. He was He was He ended up with his family. So, I mean, I get it. It's hard. Sometimes it's hard. >> Hey, Tennessee Bear. >> I'm moving pretty good. This instrument you hear right now is like a bass flute. I think >> Yeah. Don't forget to subscribe if you're new. Do you think we'll get new updates for concept art? Maybe. Be nice if they announce some more stuff for Villains Land. I'd like to hear kind of what they're going to do there, but they may not be ready yet. Linda and Dan. No, I never saw that. >> You're a pirate on a ship. What would your name be? I for the ship. I don't know. >> Hey Sarah, not sure. I never thought of that. Yeah, I'm hoping for a couple more dark reds as well, bit, I'd love to see that. >> Fantastic. Are you Tiana's is 45. Just looking at the wait time on it is 50. Oh, it just reopened. So that's probably why he wants to be my buddy. I have a nine-year-old, so I get it. Uh, let's see. How about Eastman Crunk Ride? Yeah. I mean, sure, >> sure, sure. Yeah, there's so many great ideas. I mean, another like actually I'd love like kind of a modern recreation of the Snow White Scary Adventures ride. That would fit really well in Villain's Land, but maybe more about the evil queen story, a Maleficent ride, like a dark ride. Again, it would be okay. They don't It doesn't have to be a coaster. Really doesn't have to be a coaster. I think they I think somebody in Imagineering has to finally say, "We don't need to compete with Universal in the way that we thought we did. We don't have to make m like throws, throws, throws. We stick with what we're good at, which is creating rides that nobody else could make. Right. So, like creating incredible dark rides that nobody else could make >> with stories and characters that nobody else has. >> When was the last dark ride? >> Was it Na'vi? No. Frozen maybe? Yeah, camera does really good in low light. >> One. Can I wait for the front? That'll be all right. >> Is too fine. >> Okay. Go to >> What happened here? >> I don't know >> what happened. Who did this? Okay. >> Okay. >> Yeah. different set of imaginaries. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, Mickey and Minnie. You're right. Mickey Minnie was the last a dark ride. Almost a drunk ride. >> Dark ride. Not drunk ride. Although that one does kind of flip around kind of like it's drunk sometimes. >> That's true. Well, Indiana Jones is sort of a dark ride, but it's also kind of a throw ride, too. >> Oh, anyway. >> All right. Yeah, Jay and Sarah. I do. I think so, too. I think they're trying to compete. They need to be themselves. >> We'll see. All right. Anyway, enjoy the ride. >> Oh, Remy. Remy's riding too. Yeah, for sure. I want to get some >> hands and legs and watch your children and no prepare your soul. W Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you. Keep your hands inside the ball. Heat. Heat. This will be fun. Oh my god. persuasion. Fire at will. chicken. >> I am no chicken. I will not talk. >> Okay. Everyone Strike your feathers, dear. Show them your >> slot. The treasure for sure that sparrow will never be. Apple Ow. Happy world. Oh, sure. Should I launch it? about here. She got all the way. Thank you so much. All right. >> Walking. said that earlier, >> but who can tell on stranger times? >> I'd actually like to have an omni mover. I think >> my words, we'll meet again or omni mover track list. Either way, trackless, I guess, is good cuz then they can kind of do whatever they want with it. But trackless also do have more issues than other types of rides. So, I don't know. >> It's a great question. >> I don't know. >> So, yeah. I don't really know. So, >> hi. >> Hi. How are you? >> Good. >> Good. >> Is that on YouTube? >> Yeah. >> Know what it is? >> Yeah. >> Can I Can I Can I Can I say hi? >> Well, it has to be okay with your parents. I fine. >> Okay. I just want to make sure. >> Yeah. >> Get back a little bit. You're like too close. There we go. >> Subscribe right now. And like >> What's your name? >> We're Brody. >> Brody. >> Yes. >> Nice to meet you. >> Very cool. >> Subscribe right now. >> That's right. All right. You have a good day, buddy. Uh, Resort TV 1 on YouTube. >> Resort TV1. Got the leather pirate hats. Those are fun, huh? All right. Well, there you go. Okay. Bust that out. Yukon leads Illinois 3729 at halftime first final four. Okay. So, yeah. Sorry. I'm like just processing that. That's cool. I forgot it's March Madness in September. So fun. >> What? Not September. It's March Madness in April. I said September. It was not September. March Madness in April. Yeah. All right. So, let's see what we got here. That's a fun one. Got beacon barrel here. Yeah, we need more omni movers, dark rides, things like that. Like that's what people come and to know with Disney, you know. And so I think I I I kind of agree that they needed some coasters. Like I get it. They were, you know, they didn't have a lot of coasters um here and things like that. So they actually did with with Guardians and Matron, they did add, I think, some coasters. So yeah. Hi. >> Say hi to you. Although we welcome to say hi as well. >> Nice to meet you. What are your names? >> Uh I'm Jeremy. She's Juliet. >> Nice to meet you both. All three of you. >> Yeah. Yeah. Once upon a time, we saw you guys contemporary, but a long long time ago was there. So, but we watch the stream all the time. So, whatever was on you guys. >> I appreciate that. You guys want to say hi on the live stream? >> Hi everybody out there. Hello. Hello. I'll say the same thing I said the last time I was on the stream, which is this is a message to future Jeremy for past Jeremy. Get back to work. Nice. Get back to work. I love it. Yeah, it's easy to I'll watch other YouTube videos and sometimes be like, "Oh crap, I need to go to bed." >> I'm actually a former music teacher as well. >> What do you do now? >> I'm the principal. I'm in the same building, but I'm actually the principal of the building. >> Awesome. >> Which is wild. I know. >> Yeah. No, I actually um I did the ed leadership degree. I got through every all the steps and I got in the assistant principal pool and all that stuff and I just then I just turned around and did a U-turn and decided not to do it and stay in the classroom. >> You know what? And that's not hard. Everyone So, it's funny. My guitar is literally leaving my office next to my desk. Yeah. >> Every day cuz I use it as a reminder as to where I was. >> Yeah. >> It's hard not seeing the kids every day. >> It's easy to get bogged down or budgeting or any other thing that pops up. Yep. >> But to give you kids, so God bless you. >> Oh, well, you too. >> Not a day that doesn't go by, they go. But when I'm having a bad day, of course, you know what I do, right? Go and see. >> Yeah. Oh, absolutely. Yeah. No, I I think our our uh our leadership does that in our school as well. You just get go out and get out and see the kids. For sure. Well, as far as I've gotten as a department chair, I was department chair over two departments for one year, which was fun. That was a lot. I'm now just one. So, >> but so that's that's good enough for me. I'm like, "Okay, that's my that's my I dip my toe into leadership. I get to go to all the the um the high school leadership team meetings and all that." And I'm like, "That's that's good enough for me." >> Yeah, it's a lot >> meetings that could have been email, you know, stuff like that. So, >> very easy to get bogged down in the email and stuff like that. >> Oh, yeah. For sure. Well, it's it's good to meet you guys again. >> Nice to meet you guys. Yeah, absolutely. And I don't want to teach you, but uh have a great night. >> You guys have a great night and enjoy the rest of your trip. >> All right. So, let's see what's what's next on the agenda here. Let's let's see. Let's go over here into uh Frontier Land. >> All right. Anyway, so yes, we need more stuff. Anyway, like I was saying is uh I think that we probably needed a few more coasters, right? Like so I think now that we've got two more, it's probably okay. And I think with the rest of them, I think, you know, obviously they're adding the uh Piston Peak kind of off-road ride, which is fine, but I just don't think they all need to be thrilled. I think they have to remember that Disney was supposed to be for everybody. And so, there should be more Omnim Mover type rides that anybody can ride. Even if you have, you know, what they, you know, they all like the patient not you say heart back or neck conditions like any of that stuff like people mover or like, you know, or like uh any of the other omni movers um where I guess people move is a bad example cuz some people can't get up there if they're in a chair. But, you know, I guess maybe like a um a ride like uh like Little Mermaid or something or like even like Ratatouille. I guess that is another one that open something that everybody can get on and ride and enjoy. Let's check our weight times again. >> Pirates is down to 10 now. Cool. We'll have to do it again and have a little quieter ride. Maybe I don't mind people having fun. The I just I had to I had to cover my ears on the screen. I don't think people realize they're just having fun, right? But I don't think people realize how loud that is when you're in front of it. Epcot needs more countries. I agree. Yeah, Disney's for everyone. That's right, Aunt Becky. So, so I think that's what they have to remember. Like even Tiana now Tiana Splash Mountain, that that didn't really change as far as like the type of ride it is, right? It's still still a thrilling type of a ride. Hard to tell a story with coaster. It's not as im immersive. Yeah, for sure. >> No, I agree with that. looking at me. >> Okay. >> Frontier Land's not too bad. I already got the ropes up though for parades, I guess, or something. All right, let's check other way times here. Let me go walk by Big Thunder and see what's going on over here. Small World's only 10 to produce 40. Let me >> turn the brightness up a little bit. Oh, >> yeah. See, if I if I point down, it'll get much brighter. >> More medium throw rides like like So, yeah, that's fine, too. But yeah, I think they need more just straight up everybody can ride them rides. So, I would love to see that in Villain's Land and whatever the second ride for Piston Peak is. Oh, wow. You can see I don't know what that is. It's tall. Whatever it is, >> huh? >> Okay, that's pretty interesting. They'll do an updated figment over putting something into Wonders's life. Yeah, it'd be cool to have something in Wonders of Life, but also an updated Figment would be great. >> That's interesting. >> Okay, things are starting to go vertical over here. If >> I see if I go any lower, I won't see. But so I have to kind of go over here. That's pretty cool. I still obviously miss Tom Hoyer Island. They're keeping the trees there and the burm that part because it's hiding that giant burm is hiding the haunted mansion building. So, they have to keep that there. Just not sure why they took all that the the um the dirt off of it. I don't know. But anyway, you can actually see back to where the back of the uh river boat ride was. Rumors they're putting a train station in villains land. That'd be amazing. They should. They absolutely should. Okay, this is pretty cool. >> All right, so there you go. Nice little update there. You said to be up on the hill to see it. Now, it'll be interesting when Big Thunder opens because you will be able to see more of that. I know they'll have walls up, but it'll be uh it'll be interesting for sure. I don't hear any trains running over there, but I can't really see it anyway, so I don't know. >> Hi. How are you? >> How are you? >> Good. >> Good fan of your stuff. >> Thank you. I appreciate that. running one time. So, >> yeah, I was just checking out this area over here. >> There's something vertical over there that's pretty tall. So, that's I don't know what it is. >> I'd be curious to see all this. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. I hope they know that we I hope they know there's a high bar after what they took out. It better be at least as good or better. >> So, we'll see. >> So, well, nice to meet you. What's your name? >> Brian. >> All right. Nice to meet you. >> Have fun. Yeah, I really hope they put maximum effort into this area for sure. Oh, let me let me switch off of the uh Wi-Fi connection here so I can save some power. Be right back real quick. Pause. We're not >> seat belt. Yeah, not much to see over there. All right, >> so it's the Frontier Land update. >> Plenty crowded. >> You guys talking about rumors? Yeah, the only way to know if a rumor is true is wait and see if it happens. That's a cool castle view with the crane in the place there. >> Oh yeah, the quality was low for a minute. I forgot to turn it back up after the uh the ride. Sorry about that. My bad. No word on Big Thunder, but I'm sure later later this uh later this spring or early summer. >> This is such a fun store. I get my rumors to the door. Well, at least he serves good dole whip along with the rumors. David, I missed it. >> I missed what you said, but I'm sure it was wonderful. I got to get I got to get Ken to fix this chat right now. I only see two messages. It just it it's weird spacing. It's like sometimes it spaces them out real far, sometimes it spaces them real close together, and it's just interesting. So, but if I miss your message, that's why. I'm a bit bummed that Aerosmith Coaster is going. Yeah, the coaster is still going to be there. It's just going to be a different theming. It'll be the exact same ride, exact same track, just different music and different theming to Muppets. So that's the good news is the ride is still there. It's just different different theme. >> All right, let's go back up here and see if we can see that view again of the construction. >> They ever paint Tinkerbell's takeoff area. Oh yeah. No, it's been painted for a while. That's been no no rose gold for a long time. Unless I just miss seeing that, which is entirely possible. All right. Yeah, pretty much the same thing. There was another place you could see and I can't remember where. >> I can't remember. Maybe up here. Yeah, I agree. I agree, >> David. That the quick service uh the quick choices have gone down. Even at like Connections, I noticed last night like there's a lot less food options there than there used to be. Let's go see if we can ride some other stuff. It is cool to see the castle from far away. It really does look nice. everything. >> I got to figure out the uh >> I got to figure out the parade timing 8:30 and 10:30. All righty. >> Test riding it, too. I Haunted Mansion was closed a minute ago, but we'll see. I probably won't be able to do it till later. It's usually pretty busy. >> We will see. Hollywood Studios is very different than it was a while back. to Cynthia Andrews, congrats on 29 months of reser bronze. Good evening, Josh. Hope you all have a fabulous Easter weekend. Thanks. You too. >> Oh, and uh Passover. Happy Passover, too, to everybody who celebrates. I have some friends who celebrate that. We were talking about that the other day. I'd like to learn a little more about it. >> All right. So, singing bears and tikis. We'll see. I like both of those attractions, but I get two choices when I do those. I can either leave the copyrights and not make any more money on the stream at all, or I can um I can take them off. And there's about on Tiki Room, there's like 12 copyrights on Tiki Room, 10 or 12. And on on Country Bears, there's like seven. And each one you have to do each one separately. So yeah, that's why I always hesitate to do those a little bit because either you lose the stream. So yeah, I don't know. We'll see. So, the replay, if we get decent replay views, the streams do a lot better. And again, that helps us out a lot with our budgeting and stuff like that. It can be, just to be transparent, like if a stream does really well, it could be $200 to $300 extra with the with the extra views. So, it's not a not a small amount of money that that would be different with the copyrights. That's why we try and fight them as much as we can. That's on a good stream. Two to 300. It used to be more actually, but not anymore. YouTube has put a stop to all the views on the live streams. So, but it helps. Like I said, we put a lot of time into this and I just try and maximize whatever time that I have and you know, how much we can first of all bring you guys a good product and second of all earn and support the family. So, they usually not talk about that a lot, but it's like I have to support the family. Like that's my job. So that's part of my thought process sometimes, which stinks. I'm sure that causes the streams to be less quality for some people, but it's the reality of life, unfortunately. So, >> no, but yeah, it's okay. Resort buzzing, no worries. I just wanted to answer why. Yeah, I heard they were doing 2 p.m. tickets in the summer. It's actually pretty interesting. >> That's a good idea. Honestly >> because there's people that are like late risers. They don't want to stay all day. That's a great value for somebody who just is like kind of a not a morning person. Doesn't mind not going in the morning and then you can save some money. And I was feel I would feel bad. But I see people get here, I've seen people get here at 3, four, 5, even 6:00 and they'll buy a ticket and I'm almost like, "Oh, it hurts." Because it's like they were paying full price, getting bombarded with Disney YouTube that I've never heard of and frankly don't provide good content. Oh, that's too bad, David. Oh, yeah. You're telling me about some of that? I Yeah, it's not it's not us that's being pushed, that's for sure. It's the circle of life. Have you been back to Beacon Barrel? Yeah, David and I went um what was it David? A month ago. >> Month and a half. Sam Hutton, congrats on eight months of bronze. Love this park for for sure. Me too. There's the Haunted Mansion. It is closed currently. >> The ghost broke it. >> You see this grim there? There you go. >> Sorry, it's hard to hard to see anything because the sky is so bright. >> Hey, you can see it if I just point down a little bit. >> All right, let's go back. Scram mansion. The Scrim is haunted, too, >> just in case you were wondering. I'm trying to think of when I need to go back and get my spot. I mean, it's technically technically uh parade starts at 8:30. I probably should be in my spot by 8 or a little after. kind of resort budgeting. I went back and I I gave a little update. They planted some flowers along the shore though there. That's nice. It's giving dead vibes. Keep doing what you're doing. We're always re-watching streams. Thank you so much, Pixie Dusting. Yeah, it helps a lot. Helps a lot. actually in it right here. >> Yeah. Small world is 15. That's not too bad. breaking center. >> Is there any attraction for Disneyland that you visited you wish was at Disney World? Oh, yeah. for sure. I mean, Mr. Toad for one. Uh, Pirates, their version with the longer part. I like Pirates, but their version is so cool. Um, all the dark rides, Pinocchio, Alice in Wonderland, so many great dark rides there. Our version of Peter Pan is definitely better, even though theirs is the original with some modifications. Uh, yeah. So, that's kind of what else. I really enjoyed uh Monsters Inc., too, but that is gone now. I think peeves sneak out of snuck out of Hogwarts and it's causing mischief for Haunted Mansion. I love that. That's funny. >> All right. Come on. There we go. >> Let me talk about warning for spoilers. No, I I did give a warning for spoilers. That was like an hour ago, though. Maybe she's in the wrong place on this stream. I did give a warning, though. I promise. This looks nice. Yeah. Oh, yeah. They should bring the Disney characters into Small World here. That would not be a hard thing either. >> Yeah, bring some bring some of the characters in. I agree. >> You guys are OG's of live streaming are the best. Thanks, Happy Horn. Appreciate it. >> Let's go through the castle real quick. living on resort TV and lives until our trip. Well, that's all right. You're welcome to be here anytime, >> any day, any place. Oh, Monsters Inc.'s still open. They delayed the closing. Nice. I hadn't heard. That's cool. >> What were they going to put in his place? I can't remember. >> You guys, you remember, Katie? What were they going to put in his place? >> Wait, I went the wrong way. All right, so this is the start of the story. >> Yeah, it's going to be a gorgeous sunset. Fairy Godmother. >> There's the ball. Yeah, and Becky, I agree. The new paint job is very nice touch between whimsical and realistic. Oh, Avatar. That's what it is. Okay. It's too small anyway. Avatar. That that area is too small for Avatar anyway. And they live happily ever after. There you go. >> All right. Let's go out to the front. Sorry, I just I couldn't do the story backwards. All right. >> Might be a Zootopia Land. Okay. Interesting. Now, Disneyland, I get it. They don't have extra space at all. Like, they're they are totally bound by their uh lack of space. Where's Mickey from? >> Oh, Kelly, I'm glad that you enjoy the streams and you get to watch it almost every time. That's great. Good, good, good. >> I'm glad you enjoy. >> All right. No, there's no monsters in door ride. We're the only ones getting that. I think the door coaster, which is cool, but it is another coaster. >> So, it does leave out people that can ride. Let's go over here real quick. Wow, there's a lot of people down here. >> Probably the rides aren't as busy. >> All right, let's go. >> Oh, yeah. That would be cool, David. How the the villains are stuck inside the land. Yeah, for sure. >> For sure. And I did hear that Happily Ever After was going to have a different spin, different music and everything in Villains Land. I think that would be really cool. There you go. >> Oh, yeah. >> So, oh, I guess I missed the sunset. Let's go over here. I think it's actually happening as we speak. Let's go. Let's go this way. Maybe >> this way. Maybe. >> Excuse me, please. Excuse me, please. >> People are standing in the road. cast members trying to get everybody clear. The they're trying they try to keep a uh they try to keep a a path clear with the with the tape lines here. Yeah, the paint job on the turrets looks great. I showed it on Tuesday. Um I'm going to post a video about that soon, too. A little um update that just shows that again in a little bit brighter light. So, let's go over here and see if we can see a little bit of the sunset. >> Oh, yeah. That'd be great, David. There's a lot of cool stuff they could do with the villains. I hope I hope they I hope they maximize the good ideas. Like I said, I will say whoever directed and put on the Mario Galaxy movie, like they did such a great job. A lot of really creative ideas. So, I don't think the sunset was as good as we were thinking tonight because there was not enough clouds to really make it pop. Although, I wasn't here at the right time, I guess. But, >> but when So, when there's not as many clouds, you don't get the colors in the sky quite like the same, but we'll see. We're We're a few minutes past. I believe >> I'm a little late. >> But it'll still look cool. Still a nice night, though. Yeah, it's nice. >> There we go. >> I just leave it like that. The exposure is good. It's going to start getting dark now. The astronauts were talking about how beautiful it was watching the Earth um what they call the termination line when the it goes from sun sunny to darkness when as the earth rotates. It's pretty cool. Yeah, the castle really every time I look at I'm like, "Yeah, I like that. I like that." Like, every time I look at it, I kind of it kind of confirms it more and more for me. >> Oh, wait a minute. No, you're right. There's rose gold on the on the uh Tinker Bell area. You guys may not be able to see that. >> That's really hard to see. I can see it with my eyes. I bet you can't see it from where you're at. >> All the way down. >> Yeah, just right there. Right on the tower. Let me zoom out. Wonder if I go back to the front if you guys can see that. Oh, sorry. >> Let's just go out and look. >> Yeah, whoever said that in the chat earlier, you're absolutely right. I hadn't even noticed that. It is just slightly rose gold up there. Well, Disney's Disney's way too detailed to let that slide, but I'm sure they'll get it fixed. Let's go around the front just a little more. I should be able to show it better. >> That's right, Stephen. I love that. You guys could see it. I got elegance. >> Yes, Russell. This is the one that zooms that focuses when zoomed in close. Now you can see it. Let me turn up the brightness a little bit. There. Now you can really see it. Yeah, that's rose gold. Interesting. Yeah, I bet they'll fix that. Well, there you go. Who knew? Somebody in the chat knew. Good job, chat people. See, where should we go? We probably should get I guess we probably should get a spot for the parade here in a few minutes. >> Let's go get one more view, then we'll head back to uh guess we'll just head down Main Street. I was going to go do another ride, but I think we'll we'll pass for now cuz it's only 45 minutes to showtime. I don't want to be too late. Oh, that's awesome, David. Yeah. Hello, Dolly. Great soundtrack. >> Great soundtrack indeed. >> Looks great. Wonder what it's like for Tink to get up to that point. I don't know. It's a great question. >> Sure. It's a lot of stairs. >> Oh, well, I think I mean she's a fairy. She flies. She flies. each other. >> You like the You like the castle better in pink. I mean, that's all right. >> Yeah. There's >> Tink here all the way down towards the water. Yeah, I actually like the new color. >> It's classic. But I understand people like, you know, got used to the old way. That's totally understandable. >> I get it. >> I get it for sure. You like the new gray better than the old gray? I think so, too. I think everything pops a little better now. >> Yeah. Shaggy. Beauty and the Beast is a great show indeed. >> I want to see the parade and Yeah, Joseph. Having a good time with your family is the most important part of a trip. For sure. Making those memories. That's what it's all about. You got it. >> She did it. Yeah, it's so much easier to see >> even from here. >> It's nice. Well, let's >> It's very busy coming down here. >> Let's go see what the spot situation is. >> Hi Daddy welcome. Well done. >> I said David Wall-E. Michael Crawford. I didn't know that. >> Were we talking about Wall-E? >> That's cool. I must have missed the beginning of that. No, I did not know that. >> Oh, you were talking about it with uh somebody else. Okay, cool. >> Oh, he was singing on Hello Dolly. I get it now. Okay. Sorry. I actually didn't know he was in that one. I only knew him for Phantom. I wonder what this little platform here is for. Like this little that little uh shape there in the ground. I just wonder what that's for. Was your grandson? Okay, cool. Okay, this is very crowded here. So fireworks I believe are still at 9:30. >> So we should be able to watch Starlight, maybe do a couple things and then come back for fireworks. I >> definitely enjoy having a nighttime parade. It it changes everything with the schedule for the evening, but it's a good change for sure. There's our famous windows over here. They're >> looking good as always. >> I might just ride rid during the 10:30 show. We'll see. Oh yeah, there's plenty of spots here. >> Yeah, Jenna's got Disney Springs, I believe, tomorrow morning. Those usually do pretty well. So, take a look at that for sure. And I've got my 247 channel if you want to check that out. It's Resort TV 247. Again, that's a resort TV 247. Check that out. >> Yeah. Resort TV 24/7. It's a great one. It's a great way to see. We've got uh 24-hour rides and 24-hour relaxing strolls around the park. And I added more. I added just added a night stroll. I add rides all the time. So, um there's more stuff on there all the time. It is random, so you hopefully will see something different every time you tune in. There's a lot of Magic Kingdom strolls. That's why I added two Hollywood Studio strolls recently. Her vlogs about Disney Springs, Mary. I don't know anything more about it, though. She mentioned it last night. Thanks for the fun night so far. I have to leave soon. I'll catch up on the stream later. Happy Easter. Yeah, happy Easter to you, too. Well, >> this is about usually where you see Pinocchio and Japetto. So, I guess I'll probably just hang out here for a little bit. But, I mean, there's plenty of room, so probably don't have to hang out right away. Do a couple more a couple more strolling laps so we don't have to stand still for so long. Walking is easier than standing still. My ankles are still a little sore from all the runs I've been doing, >> but it's good for me. >> I always see something different when I watch the relaxing stroll stream. Awesome. And again, I've got the RetroTV1 Tech channel where we do mostly retro stuff. But tomorrow, not tomorrow, uh the next video is going to be um the next video is going to be a um modern update video. I um I changed out my graphics card, so I'm going to put that on. It's not retro, but it's kind of fun. Watching these streams always scratches that is to get that theme park feeling. Nice. Great job on the train. It's no joke. No, when I first started running, I was like, "Oh, I'm so out of shape." Cuz I was just thinking, I can run a mile without stopping. No, no, I can't. That was unrealistic. But I can run a mile or I can I can get through a mile. Sorry about the the the zooming. Sometimes it's a little it switches cameras sometimes on here. At least I can get really close now. >> The zoom. >> That's fun. Jungle cruise. >> That's Disneyland's on top. D. No, Disneyland. Yeah, Disneyland. Sorry, I dumped it. I was going Disneyland Paris. That's Disneyland Resorts, Autotopia. Pluto. Pluto got stuck to the lollipop. Okay, >> Mr. Toad. >> Winky. Winky was the the bad guy bartender. The swindler. Oh, look. I see a ticket. Okay. That's the Walt from Disneyland. >> Jack and Sally. >> So fun. All right, I'll probably head back out maybe this way. Lots of >> upset children. Must be the Must be the time. There we go. Grandma got the baby to go to sleep. Good job, grandma. I'm assuming he's grandma. She took the baby out. The one that was crying just a minute ago. It was like very, very young baby. You could tell by the cry. And uh just like that, the breeze. Magic. The breeze and the bouncing. It's magic. Baby sleeping. So, it looks like it's dark. If I If I point down here though, it immediately lightens up. It's just the sky is still kind of bright. The easeman crunk. >> A lot of pixie dust. That's right, David. You almost got It's lovely, isn't it? >> Yep. It's getting dark. You can see it right over there. Daddy. that Did you catch it? Hello. >> That's right. We got a spot before the parade passes by. Don't worry. Don't worry. >> About 25 minutes. >> Only problem with standing here is that everybody everybody comes out over here. I could stand on the other side, but I think the sound is better here. >> Hey, Jeremy. I'm a winner. Oh, I do miss the opening show with the train, too. That was that was super fun. Always always super fun. >> Thank you. >> No, you can't go on the second floor. That is a VIP only. >> Hello, friends. How are you? >> Is it for both parades? I think it is for both parades. I think they have VIP viewing for both parades. So, yeah, that is a thing. >> Oh, definitely. Don't forget to subscribe if you're loud. Don't forget to subscribe if you're new. No, she wants the one at this dance. They have two different >> Oh, you all right? >> Cast member tripped. She was all right, though. Thank you so much. >> Do you Going back. 1 2 3. Yeah, the train's in operation, but it's only going as shuttle service between Main Street and um Storybook Circus, so that's nice. >> Yep. The parade in about 24 minutes. We probably wouldn't need to be here this early, but that's all right. I could I could go stand in Ron's spot by the uh by the trash >> can recently 2 Hey, Jill. >> Yeah, that's right, Johnny. I figured it's a busy night. I'll just grab my view here and this is where I want to be. So, let's see. But after this, we can go do some rides before Happily Ever After. Haunted Mansion's open at 13 minutes. That won't last long. Oh, that's cool. Look at this. >> You are special in all this emptiness. There's a whole bunch. This is a whole bunch of nothing. This thing we call the universe. You have this oasis, this beautiful place that we get to exist together. As people gather with family this weekend, Victor Glover reflects on our shared spaceship, Earth. Spaceship Earth. That's really cool. He seems like a cool guy. I like that. How nice. A nice sentiment. >> I have two. on this our spaceship earth. That's right. That's what it reminded me of. Oh my goodness, how profound. I love that. Is he Is he a Disney fan? It is a nice tribute when they first did the translucent injection burn and they started heading towards the moon. like they they had some really cool words to just about how beautiful I was. Like you guys look beautiful down there. I've heard that it's very I mean obviously I'll probably never get to do it, but I've heard that seeing the Earth from in space is a lifechanging experience. Like just to see it and to see how, you know, like you just said, how special we are out here in all this nothing, you know, cuz it's easy to be on Earth and we're kind of like in it, right? And it's like, oh yeah, just everything's like this. But it's like, no, no, this is like literally an oasis in the middle of nothing. He's so right. And just to see it and to see a lot of them comment about, you know, all the the different, you know, wars and different things and disagreements and whatever. And it's like when you see it from space, you're like, there's no, you know, cuz we're used to seeing the globe, but it has all the uh, you know, boundary lines and stuff on it. But, um, but when you see it from space, it's like just a giant planet. The boundary line is planet. So, it's pretty cool to see. >> I don't know. Maybe one day. >> Shatner did it when he was older. I would go like if I I would I would go on a quick on one of those little quick trips if I ever got the chance to just go up what they call the the Harman Cardon line. The Cardon line. I think it's 62 miles or something where space technically starts. I would go up there. >> I still think weightless system would bother me, but I think I could handle it for a few minutes. The G-force I don't think would bother me that much. I'm I'm pretty good with GeForce usually, >> but I don't know. It's just a beautiful statement. >> I can only imagine seeing Earth from space has to bring into focus how small we are in all of it. Yeah, I think it does. And I think it's hopefully it's it's just, you know, obviously it's something that, you know, at least in with our technology today, it's not something a lot of people can do, but I wonder if as it gets easier to I don't think it'll ever be easy, but as it gets easier to send people into space, I wonder if it'll change people's perspectives on things >> definitely to protect like, hey, this is all we got. Like this is this is our option. Everything else is the moon's cool to visit, but it's a pretty desolate. Not a great uh not a great piece of real estate to start a uh you know to start a life anyway. But I would be that was the thing I would be terrified about like I've said before is getting out there and like realizing that oh my gosh I can't handle weightlessness and like you know it just breaks my brain cuz I do get dizzy sometimes um even on mission space a little bit and I can usually rain it in but like I don't know space sickness is a thing apparently could not do the GeForce you know my friend went up in Elon's rocket he sent me video he said it was overwhelming that he cried just from all the emotion of it that's amazing Michelle How cool your friend got to do it. What's What's the What's the um the Elon rocket called? Is that something that people can pay to go on? >> Oh, that's that's cool, David. Yeah, about the locker. >> I'd never be able to do a rocket. Yeah, a lot of people wouldn't be able to. >> Indeed, a beautiful blue rock. People were talking last night about the pale blue dot picture. Actually, it is. You can still say that, of course, but um because that definitely the it's like the blue marble, but the pale blue dot actually was taken by um the Voyager when it got Oh, just outside of Pluto, I think, or just outside the solar system. Uh so, this I think I've shown you this. I I love space. You guys know this already, but uh let me see. Hold on. There you go. Pale blue dot. That's us. And a ray of sunshine. That was like Voyager almost saying goodbye, you know. There it is right there. You can see it like a couple pixels. Pretty crazy. Believe that's the view from Pluto. Yeah. Carl Sean. Yeah. Had a had a pretty profound Well, he called it the pale blue dot, didn't he? That was Carl Sean. He had a really cool quote about it. >> What was it he said? Uh, let me see. Oh, here we go. >> That there's the scene from six six billion kilometers. It's tumbling. Everything we've ever known, every story ever told has unfolded on that pixel. Space doesn't just show us how vast the universe is. It shows us how precious home is. Is that what is that what Carl Sean said? And then I actually >> something like that. >> Pretty crazy. >> Awesome. I just have a few safety reminders before the parade gets here. So, you're more than welcome to sit on this curb. Just make sure you're staying seated for the whole parade. If you would like to stand up, we just ask that you sit up on the sidewalk behind the black part of the curb for your safety. So, just making sure no one's in the street standing or sitting. Okay. Second thing, at the end of the parade, there's going to be two passengers wearing this plastic carrying this blue rope. We just ask that you wait and stand up before the blue rope has completely off. Okay. And then last and most important thing, make sure there's no flash photography. So, I will just check now. Pull out your phone. Make sure it's turned off because the flash on your phone, it messes your pictures on the clothes. So, tell your parents to make sure the watch is turned on. Okay. one you guys want. >> Otherwise, I hope you guys are really anyone like a sticker. >> Let's see what they're doing on Artemis now. The Artemis from the uh >> the Artemis from the um >> from the plane was really cool. >> Let's see what what what's our live view right now. Uh >> oh, there's the moon. >> That's the moon. It's getting closer. Let's see. What are they doing now? >> Yeah. >> Oh, that's the same thing. Okay, that's pretty cool. Monday. Monday, they'll get to see it close up. >> Yes, that's the other thing, David. I didn't know that. I learned that the other day while watching a video. >> Um, yes, Artemis is Apollo's full brother. >> Stand over here. I've had an experience with vertigo before and uh yeah, not fun for sure. David had vertigo a while back but caused by co right David? >> Yeah, vertigo not fun at all. What's that? Right right um right behind the uh right behind the city hall. What is that? Must be a planet. That might be Jupiter. It's not twinkling. >> Uh, no. Haunted Mansion was up a few minutes ago when I checked. Had been up and down today for sure. Let me see. That's cool. Here's one with um Apollo and Artemis together. How much star from the short Oh, one thing's for sure. You guys is a Venus. Okay, thank you. Love it. Venus is a little closer. Also a little smaller. I love it. No, I love um other sit right here. Do you have >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. No, it's just me. >> Just make sure you're not inside the box. >> Yeah, they stand in the box. The other thing that I should warn you about is people keep trying to push their strollers over the box. So, just watch yourself. They don't want you to get hit. Yeah. So, here here's a couple more really good ones. This is the half earth with the you can see part of the part that's getting dark. And this is my favorite one. That is the dark side of the earth. Let's see if it'll focus. Good evening, stargazers. We're delighted to invite you on tonight's journey through the stars. Follow your heart and make a wish. Disney Starlight Dream the Night Away begins in just 10 minutes. >> There it is. Look at that. >> Oh, it's kind of making it too bright. But yeah, that's the dark side of the Earth. Let me see if I can make it look better. Anyway, sorry. >> You'll have to look it up. NASA shared it on their Facebook page. >> It's kind of a brownish tint. >> Yes, bits. I am looking forward to the dark side of the moon pictures. Now, we won't get, you guys know this already, we won't get any signal from them back there. Now, there was a famous scene in Apollo 13. It was very, very scary because they were going around the dark side and of course they had no, you know, you have no radio contact when you're when you're um when you're on the dark side because the moon, you know, blocks the signal. You have to have line of sights and the moon blocks that. But they say like 30 minutes or something they'll be or 31 or 40 minutes somewhere around there they'll be in radio silence and they'll have to but of course they'll be taking tons of pictures and tons of videos and everything. But once they get back in sight line then they'll they'll upload everything. But imagine their data speeds aren't fast. >> You're so close. >> Yeah. Those are recent pictures taken from Pretty cool, right? >> See if I can do a better better job here. I'm going to turn the brightness way down on this. See if I can just show you better. There we go. That's a kind of a better look at it. Let's turn the brightness on my phone down. Okay, there you go. That's what it looks like. It's really cool. Uh yeah, Cindy, the uh it that could be I was actually the brown um it's just a brown tint to the whole picture too that I was seeing which is pretty cool. Radio signals can't get through the cheese on the moon. That is true. Yeah, that's tough. It's tough getting through the cheese. Who cut the cheese? It's only 95,000 miles from the moon. Wow, it's crazy. >> Brown spots of hair. Yeah. No, for sure. I I just meant like the whole thing had a brownish tint to it. >> What I was saying about it wasn't, >> but I know the spiel. >> Okay, perfect. >> Street. I got you. >> Would you like a sticker? Thank you so much. >> Would you like a sticker? >> I'm good. Thank you. >> Growing up on the Space Coast has been special. I still get goosebumps when the rockets go off. Yeah, it is. It's just really cool. Like it's one thing, you know, hopefully most everybody can agree on is really cool and it's something that we can take pride in and you know that, you know, not not just our country, but you know, that we're partnering with the Canadian Space Agency for this too, which is so cool. I don't know if Amar is still in here, but you know, it's it's it's it's a source of pride for for everybody that's had a hand in it, not just the US, but that again, we've got a Canadian astronaut, Jeremy, I think is his name. Uh, and then there's also a Canadian in Capcom in mission control. She's a Canadian astronaut. So, um, it is very cool the collaboration that we have and just all that. And you know what's what's what's really cool is is still on the space station there's a collaboration between the US and Russia. um even though the countries don't always get along like the the astronauts are the scientists are still working together and I think that's super cool. So um we can learn a lesson probably from all that >> X's asking you how far they are. Yeah, you can go on their website and you get a live tracker. I didn't understand, by the way, why they were slowing down. Cuz right after the slingshot, they got up to the 24,500, which they needed to do to get the escape velocity. But what I didn't understand is is why they kept slowing down. Like, I just didn't quite get that. Well, it's because the Earth's gravity is pulling them back in. Uh, so if they'd gone like slower, they would have maybe just come right back. They wouldn't have made it all the way around the moon. And apparently if they'd gone, I said this last night, if they'd gone a little faster, they would have maybe gotten to the moon and kept going because the moon's gravity isn't as strong as Earth, obviously. So, it's pretty interesting stuff. Hello stargazers. It's almost time to wish upon a star. In just a few minutes, Disney Starlight Dream the Night Away will begin to fully immerse you in the experience. The lighting around the Magic Kingdom will be reduced. For your safety and the safety of those around you, we ask that you remain in the same location until the lighting returns to normal. Thank you. >> Oh, that's interesting, Stephen. I was a kid visiting a relative in Fort Wayne, Indiana. When Apollo 11 lifted off, we were all aed by it. app. Wasn't it really late at night and they had to get the kids up or something? I can't remember. Like it would have been worth it, too. There are times when I find out there's going to be a rocket launch, you know, in our neighborhood. We got a pretty good view of it. Um, just behind like there's a row of houses in front of us and then a lake behind that. So, we can go down by the lake and see. And so, I'll I've wait I've wok them up a couple times to see him especially in the summer when I know we don't have school. Yeah, it is inspiring for sure. And when they land in a couple more years, that's going to be even more amazing. >> Yeah, for sure. Michelle, people lose interest. No, I think more people were interested in this one, though, because it's it's very very special. It's just a lot bigger rocket. It's a lot more power. It's a lot more, you know, just a lot more to be excited about. and actually, you know, leaving the leaving the Earth's orbit, which we haven't done in 50 years. So, it's so cool. >> About 3 minutes till showtime. 1971 people watching. That's awesome. >> I don't see it. Oh, I saw Venus over there a minute ago. I don't see it anymore. I need to get my son in a model walk. I had model rockets for a while. That was fun. Kenny Space Center is a cool place to visit. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Some of those Estus, I think is the name of the rockets. They were fun. Hard to find sometimes though. I think we lost a couple. Very cool though. >> 2 minutes. Yeah, I haven't been to Kennedy since I was a kid, so I'd like to go back. So, I didn't know. I was actually looking into why is mission control in Houston. And part of it was Lynden Johnson, but part of it also is that they didn't want it by the launch site just in case. I thought, wow, that's very scary thought. But yeah, but that's also why they they make um spectators be I think a minimum of 3 miles away in case there's any issue. 3 miles would be would be safe. So, rumor of the full pink moon. I don't actually see it tonight. I think it's cloudy. Oh, no. There's a star up there. There's a star. Oh, it's not cloudy. I'm just not seeing it yet. I'm probably just in the wrong place to see the moon. We'll try in here in a minute. Oh, we got 1 minute till showtime. Hobby Lobby sells Estus Rockets. That's cool. Actually, 30 seconds. Estus Rocks based in in Colorado. Nice. Well, after this, don't go anywhere. Don't tune out right after the parade because we got fireworks coming up. You don't want to miss that. And of course, rides. We'll probably go ride some rides after this. So, stay tuned right after the parade. Lots more fun coming up. Also, subscribe if you're new. Totally free. While you're here, hit the subscribe button. Don't forget that. All right, enjoy the show, everybody. Heat up here. Good evening everyone. Welcome to this wonderful night. Did you know that when a star is born, they possess a gift or two? One of them is this. They have the power to make a dream come true. So come with us now as we go on a magical journey through the stars and dream the night. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Dreams as dreams do. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. I am calling me and I be brave. True and selfless and all your wishes may come true. >> Father, father, I'm real. You are a real boy. A real life boy. What do you mean, dear friends? Come with me. Time to kill the best time to dream. Don't be. It feels like we can touch the stars by wishing the story and all that. >> Valentino, do you think everyone is wishing upon a star right now? Are you? Oh, go on. Make a wish. >> I wish. Oh, I just want all our wishes to have a chance to come true. Wa! Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. We did it. I can't wait to tell you about our adventure. Am I dreaming? Wow. That's so cool. >> I can't believe that just happened. This is crazy. Can you believe it? Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. We want you. So Wendy, are you having fun? Oh, Peter, everything is so magical. >> We're just getting started. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh boy. A train ride through the stars with all our friends. >> It's like we're on a shooting star. There's so many stars to wish upon tonight. Everybody worship. Oh, baby star just like us. >> It's a dream to be up here among the stars. It's a wish come true. Oh wow. Have you ever seen anything so wonderful? Am I starless? Gosh, have you ever seen a star sparkle like this before? >> Oh, it's so magical. Come on everybody. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Awesome. I love that shot down Main Street. I had to grab that. Then you get to hear the ending. The ending is so good. Yeah, the music's great. It's It's amazing. Yeah. I don't know why people were critical of it either. Let me turn the brightness back up so you guys can see a little better. There we go. That's better. I'm not sure why people are critical of it, but it is very, very good. >> It's the just the right mix of old and new, I think. >> Just the right mix. Hey everybody, mansion lover Disney 50 Regina. Hi. Hi. Welcome in everybody. Thanks for joining. Be sure to subscribe, hit the like, all those things and enjoy the stream. See? Oh, here. I was looking for recycle. Here we go. My bottle of water. All right, let's go ride. But yeah, they put the electrical prey music in there. They've got music that sounds like Spectro Magic in there. It's it's very very well done. They have done well. Uh let's see. Actually, Haunted Mansion is not a very long wait, but unfortunately, we're not going to be able to get over there very easily. >> Yeah. Let's just go do a little mover. I love the lights around the castle. Those are incredible. It is. It's like a really good mix of the two. I like the way they did that. So, yeah, there's Moana. We might be able to get to uh we might be able to get to um Honda. Let me just We could do it. Let's see if we can get to it. It's going to be tough, but I think we can probably do it. >> Let's try. >> That's going to be uh It's going to be tough, but I think we can do it. All right, hold on. Putting myself back in the crowd here. >> All right, wish me luck. I'm definitely not going to reach out for a minute cuz it's going to be intense. If I can get across, then I can get on a mansion. But I I got to wait until that the crossing opens. And there's also a flux and a torrent of people behind the parade. So, it's going to be tough, but we might be able to get it. And of course all around us. >> Oh, this is going to be intense. Hold on. Hold on, people. You know I love you guys because this is not fun. >> Excuse me. Pardon me. Excuse me. Pardon me. Excuse me. That was crazy. It's still crazy. Hold on. Hold on. We're not broken through yet. >> I would not have been able to do it. I would not have been able to do that with any other people with me. Holy cow. >> We made it. Goodness gracious. >> I got to post that as a separate video. what it's really like after the parade. >> Oh, I still won't be able to get to haunted though because the parade will be in the way. Shoot. >> Well, that wasn't well planned. >> Calm it down. Sorry. >> Let's see. This may not have been a good idea. >> Oh well, we just have to get across the parade at some point. >> At least we get different views. Let me turn the brightness down so you can see better. Tonight is all about awesome. Heat. Heat. You guys need to get over the crowd there. I guess we're watching it again. That's all right. Once we get across, we should be fine. Heat. Heat. I should have got a buzz light. It was only 20 minutes. Oh well. We'll do a buzz after this or after fireworks. We'll see. Tonight is all about family. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. It's just Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. See if I can get through here a little quicker. Sorry, we're going to miss a little whimsy, but that's okay. You can still see. There's so many stars to wish to see. Come on, everybody. Wish upon a star. >> Look at just like us. >> It's a dream to be out here along the Get through this way. >> Hold on. Oh, there goes Lindsay. They got him going. Wow. >> So fun. All right, let's see if we can get over here. >> Fun mansion. There we go. We got a clear shot now. That was hard to get to, but we made it. >> Almost. I don't know if I can make it or not. Oh, this isn't long. I should be able to find. We'll see. >> Is this the line? Oh, I see. It looked like a really long line. I was like, "Oh, no." But no, it looks okay. Maybe is >> Okay. >> Excuse me. >> Hey, buddy. >> Let's see if we make it to uh Happily Ever After. Hey, I probably should have just done People Mover, but That's fine. >> You just skipped that guy. >> You're fine. >> You better buy that video. >> I think they went so excited. Joseph, I don't know, buddy. We'll see. I definitely want to make it to Buzz. >> We'll see. It's on my list. Like, it's on my list of requests. So, we'll see. Hopefully, we make it through uh Haunted Mansion here. It's not too far. I think we'll be okay. We definitely have >> Yeah. We have about 28 minutes. >> Yeah, Buzz has been open. They actually opened it like for real. That's pretty cool. Says 20 minutes for Buzz. >> 15 for this one. We should be able to get a parade spot whenever. should be okay. >> I got to let it fall out. Well, no. >> Nice. >> Oh, we got to go all the way around here. Oh boy. Should be okay. >> Yeah, even when I do have the bits is right. Even when I do have the uh the GoPro, you can't see anything in Space Mountain anyway. So, it's fun to ride. Fun for me. But you guys don't really see much. You just hear it. >> Okay. You can still hear the parade. Who has a gun? >> Oh, yeah. Canary canary sea twin stars there. I don't know. I forget, but I know she has a match in her hair. >> Oh, she has the hammer. Yeah. >> Yep. This is hot advention, Edwin. Sure is. >> I wasn't sure this whole side was open, but hopefully we'll be all right. >> He has the money. >> Worst case scenario, watch we watch Happily Ever After from backside of castle. And then I think she It wasn't like >> and they like I know we're in the extended queue. Oh, I need to turn on my uh my better connection here. Hold on just a second. >> Just a second. I always thought birthday. >> Now, if you ever Crane Family Adventures. We're in Magic Kingdom today. Just watch the parade. Nice. All right, be right back. Heat. Heat. Is it >> raining? Rose. on this one. >> Yeah, I definitely should have just stayed in Tomorrowland, but that's all right. >> That's going to be very tight getting to Happily Ever After. You're just not trying. >> You're just not trying. >> Her planted please can still be heard. Oh muse provide the perfect word. >> Maybe if my muses can speak up. >> Her planted please can still be heard. Does it work? Oh muse provide the perfect word. >> I've got it. Compose. Who proves you are so gifted and >> Nope. Didn't say that. >> It's making stuff up. Oh, you're good, Michelle. No worries. >> It was ultimately my decision and I thought, "Ah, we can do it." I I didn't look at the clock. That was the problem. I should have looked at my clock and said, "No, we don't have time. We might be still Street. all the way down. All the way down. Daddy. Daddy. >> Almost made it. I'm sure water on the better now. I was just trying to auto correct Joshua Jacob. Oh, that's funny. That was my uh brother's name that passed away. We've talked about that before, but yeah, he passed away when he was just over one. Hinges creep in doors chase and strange lightning sounds echo through the halls. Whenever I say I spend the time practicing the only one other. >> I am your host, your post host. >> So, here we are. >> Our tour begins here in this gallery. here where you see paintings of some of our guests as they appeared in their corruptible mortal state. >> Kindly step all the way in, please, and make room for everyone. There's no turning back now. Your cadaavverous hammer betrays an aura of folding almost as though you sense a disquing metamorphosis. Is this haunted room actually stretching or is it your imagination? Oh, >> that's weird. The door. The door still open. >> Dismaying observation. This chamber has no What happened? Oh, I didn't mean to frighten you prematurely. >> The real chills come later. Are you happy now? Oh jeez. Yeah, we're not going to make it through it on time if we stop a lot. We'll see. This ride is very sloppy. >> Kind remains seated in your doom, but we will continue our two just Playful. >> Sorry about the laughing face. Oh, no. No, not at all. No, don't worry. >> Please remain seated. >> You got no idea. >> We will proceed in just a moment. >> No, it's all all good bits. Not a problem. >> We have been unavoidably detained by breaking spirits. Kindly remain seated in your doom, Bucky. We will continue our doom in just a moment. >> But it see >> I have to remember not to do this anymore with fireworks. >> And now a car to take you into the boundless realm of the supernatural. Once you remain safely seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs in the sun and watch your children. Yes. >> What are they doing? >> A car approaches to take you into the boundless realm of the supernatural. >> They're getting in and out of their vehicle up there. What is going on? Remain safely seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside. And watch your children. Flameful spooks have interrupted our tour. Please remain seated in your doom, buddy. We will proceed in just a moment. >> We have been unavoidably detazed by pranky spirits. time you remain secret. We will continue our journey just please remain seated. Your tour begins immediately. >> Attention Polish foreigners, please remain seated. The tour began immediately. >> And now a carriage approaches to take you into the boundless realm of the super. >> Oh, Alan, that's interesting about that. The portrait of the three gentlemen on each other's shoulders directly inspired the totem of Mikey and friends at the Wilderness Lodge or Mickey and Friends. Yeah. Yes. >> Oh, Mr. Master, you didn't realize there were two dressing rooms? Yeah. Yeah. Two sets of doors on either side of the fireplace. And you can usually tell which one you're about to get into because you hear the thunder, the thunder crash on the room that you're not getting into cuz it's still just finishing up. The other room is completely empty at that point. like Jack. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Do not cool down on the safety bar. I will lower it for you and heed this warning. The spirits will materialize only if you remain quietly seeking all the time. Oh yes, and no flashes. We do not see the spirits are frightly sensitive to brightly. Our library is well stocked with priceless first editions, holy ghost stories, and marvel busts of the greatest ghost writers the literary world has ever9 but there's room for thousand volunteers. If you should decide, final arrangements may be made at the end of the tour. We find the light that is unlivable here in this coast. Every room has wall to wall and cold running. Hurry up. Playful spooks have interrupted our Please remain seated in your doom. I just wonder. and witches. Wherever you were, give us a hint by ringing the bell. Serpents and spiders tail of a rat all in the spirits wherever they're at. It's time to respond. Send us a message from somewhere beyond. Goblins and ghoulies from last Halloween awakening vibration and beginning awaken. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I do. I did sickness and well Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Beware. They have selected you to fill our order and we'll haunt you until you return. Please remain seated in your doom. We will see you just a moment. We have been unavoidably detained by spirits trying to remain seated in your doom body. We will continue our doom in just a moment. Blameful spooks have interrupted our tour. Please remain seated in your doom. We will proceed in just a moment. >> We have been unfortunately detained by Frank Spirits. Kindly remain seated in your body. may seem motion immediately. >> Flame spooks have interrupted our >> Please remain seated in your will in just a moment. We have been unavoidably detained by pranky spirits. Kindly remain seated in your doom buggy. We will continue our tour in just a moment. Touch of blood. Please remain seen nearby motion immediately. We can dying you. Now I will raise the safety bar and a ghost will follow you home. >> Kindly watch your step. Please watch your step. We have been unavoidably bye. Kindly remain seated in your doom body. You will just blameful spooks have interrupted our truth. Please remain seated in your due. We will speak in just a moment. We have been unvoiced detained by friendly seros. time. Spoons have interrupted our attain seated. We will receive you just a moment. We are pleased to remain by spirit remain seated in your body. >> Oh my gosh, the crinkling is driving me crazy. One second. time. No, I think I'm just going to go see Peter Pan after this as we've missed most of the fireworks already. Like, not most, but we missed 5 minutes already. So, let's just go do Peter Pan and maybe we'll run over and do Winnie the Pooh and we'll just make the best of it. Yeah, Gwen, I don't know That cr that crinkling bottle sound like like Yeah. That I just I can't stand it. It's like fingernails on the chalkboard. No, the babies don't really bother me unless it's like right in my ear. But the babies like, you know, there's nothing you can do about that. But like the crinkling bottle, you know, it's like usually a person who knows better. It's like just stop. Luckily, they did. I think we're it's going to be the show might be over by the time we get out of here. So, here's the plan. Let's go view Peter Pan. It's right here. Then we'll go do Winnie the Pooh and then maybe we'll jump on Buzz Lightyear. Sorry for anybody who's wanted to see fireworks. That wasn't my plan. I just I made a very bad choice getting on this ride, but it's it happens sometimes, you know. It is realistic. And I obviously you guys know I can't control the ride. Well, that was bright. Yeah, this is definitely a fault they're trying to figure out over here. It's not There's not a uh it's not a like, you know, I think one or two times there were wheelchairs they're letting on, which doesn't take very long, but yeah. Weird sounds get me like I don't mind nails on a chalkboard or squeaking, but nail filing sounds fine. trying to make me number 1,000. I know, right? >> I don't think I've ever I think this is the first in 9 years of streaming that I've ever actually missed Happily Ever After when I didn't mean to. Like, you know, sometimes we I don't know that we've ever actually even skipped it. We skipped Luminous the other night, but I don't think we've ever skipped Happily Ever After or we've ever we've never missed it before. No, this isn't the end of stream. Joel, we can we can we just have to if they do evac, we don't have very far to go and I shouldn't have to turn the camera off cuz all I have to do is literally walk through there. So, it shouldn't be too hard to get out. The walk-off would literally be right there. That's the That's the walk-off right there. That's the end. >> Yeah, it'd be a pretty easy walk off. I mean, like literally the show might be over. Josh said I could always pipe in the video. I could. Yeah, you're right. I could. Yeah, we'll stay with this for now because it's I think it's interesting for people. >> Experience a little bit technical difficulties. Just remain seated. >> And you know what what she said my dearies at this time. We can begin moving at any time. Okay. Again, we're just reading some slight tent on these. He's amazing. >> Thanks, Jean Piro. Okay, so um we do have on the 24/7 channel there are fireworks every night at 9:00, including Happily Ever After. >> We got evaced once and somebody said it's a walking tour. Yeah. Yeah. If you're walking through the main part of the ride and not backstage, it would be super cool to see like just to walk through it. >> Yeah, we do see fireworks every stream. That's true. Not every stream, but yes, a lot of streams we do. >> Oh my goodness. A That's too much. Dr. Miles's been contacted though. He's he it's fine. The rides break down. Pan's only 15. I said we can get out of here and over there. >> I cannot get up and walk away. So close. >> I really want to just go grab it. We've been sitting here for 12 minutes now. >> It'll take less time to achieve lunar orbit than it will take the right on. That's funny. >> I don't know if I'll get a lightning lane or not. If I could just get out, I could get the pan, but can't even do that. You got stuck by the skeleton in the coffin. Nice. Please don't seated. So he has this It' be interesting to see lights on at other parts of the ride. >> This is fairly boring part to see the lights on, but that's okay. the bonus edition. I know, right? The extended edition. >> Once again, thank you so much for your patience. We will have a pass to you in just a moment. Please remain seated. We will be with you in just a moment. >> Oh, are we getting off? Yeah. Let me see if I can zoom that for you. Yeah, I noticed. >> Well, there's the end. >> Are you serious? Yeah, lights on in the ballroom or the graveyard especially. I'd love to see the graveyard. But yeah, that mausoleum detail, you can see it on my low light videos actually with the little mausoleium vaults back there. That's pretty cool. >> Hey, Goofy Jim. Yeah, you can hear it. >> Oh, I think they're starting right here. I'll >> come back, guys. We got to go down here. >> Please remain seated at all times. Momentarily, please. >> Wait, they can't let us out now. We're really close. One more minute of the show. Tank's about to fly. It's about an 18minute show. There it is. There it is. She's about to fly. hands up to 25. Yeah. >> I don't know. My app is messed up. up. It won't update. >> Mine says 30 for Peter Pan. The crap the crappy thing is like this ride getting evaced off this ride would be super cool, but not from here. Like if we're going to miss the fireworks and we could at least get a cool place to walk out from. Oh well. >> Part of me just wants to go get a cookie and a Coke and be done at this point. Ice cream. Are you ready? Yeah, I don't think we're going to be able to do Peter Pan either. At this point, it's going to be too busy now. >> Oh, to get stuck either the ballroom or the graveyard. I would have loved to have walked out from the graveyard, but it looks like they're going to worst to get evacuated from Peter Pan requires the fire department. Ooh, yikes. They probably try everything they can not to evacuate that one. But, um, yeah. Oh, I don't know. What I don't get is why they didn't evacuate those of us who were closest. I don't know. Either way. All right. Good night, Becky. All right, let's see if I can Oh, I need to plug in. Well, at least I'm sitting here in this nice convenient spot that I can plug in from, so that'll be fine. Let me see if I can plug in here real quick. All right, hold on just a second. Oh, sorry. Hold on. All right. I got to untie my I got to untangle my battery cable cuz I just My phone just told me you're at 15%. I was like, "Oh, hello. Thanks for the warning. I do appreciate that." I tried calling Disney and they didn't seem to care. I don't think they're going. It happens. Rides break down. I'm assuming you're joking, but that is funny. It's all good. >> Once again, you guys, please remain seated. Thank you so much for your patience. Once again, is on the way to assist you. You're your first eback. Second. >> Oh, second. >> Trust me, I did not. and good night mansion lover. You're going to be the bachelor for the next three weeks. Wow. I hope your wife has a safe trip. Standard evacuation is seem goes about halfway back from load and unload and then walk towards that point. Oh, okay. Well, that I guess that actually makes sense. Go all the way down. My ears all the way down. Have your phones, magic bands, or tickets ready at this time. >> Looks like we're about to get out. >> We might get a lightning wave. Maybe I can go do something. Let's see see which uh which rides it goes for. Probably won't go for Peter Pan, but it's all right. >> Yeah. The worst part is being stuck so close. Exactly. We were literally so close. >> I know. >> Where were you guys at? >> On the way down. >> Okay. >> Like the graveyard. >> Nice. Everybody, my dear Right. I'm still at a little bit of an angle here, too. I'm not quite flat. I mean, it won't be that bad, but It wouldn't be that easy. Like like say there was a I wouldn't obviously ever do this, but say there was an actual emergency like you know the fire is coming or something and I just had to get out of here without a cast member. Like it would be hard to climb out. Like you could do it but it'd be hard. Like cuz this is where the the bar is. There's not a lot of room. You'd have to get over the top of the bar. Ooh, sorry. The vehicle moved. But yeah, anyway, obviously you'd never want to do that unless like, you know, there was a really good reason, but it would be hard to get out. I'm not stuck in front of one of those ghosts that keeps popping up and screaming. Yeah. So, they were stuck at the downhill into the graveyard. Wow. They got to walk quite a bit through the ride. Let's do Tron. I know, right? Grenades never say die. Good username. >> I don't think this Lightning Lane's going to give us Tron. It usually gives you whatever the tier of ride that that this one's on. But then again, it may be an all access just because we've been sitting here so long. I never noticed these torches are like arms holding them. Look at that. Yep. Cut Bob. Yes, definitely. >> It's definitely a failure. >> Those are cool. >> Somebody passed me with keys, but they didn't let us out. I've been sitting here for almost 30 minutes. >> Oh yeah, Buzz Lightyear. We could do the lightning wing. Yeah, I guess we could. >> I wonder what the Buzz Lightyear line is now. It's 30 right now >> for Buzz. >> Yeah, who knows? You got to decide what to do, I guess, depending on which which rides it goes for. Maybe I will use it on Buzz. We'll see. Glad I didn't have to go to the bathroom. ask me to take a dune buggy. Too funny. You guys are funny. Let me There we go. My hand. >> Oh no. Resort budget. I hope hope she's okay. We had to wait over an hour when we got in our accident a couple years ago. And the uh finally state trooper came, not the local, and he said, "Yeah, I'm just assisting the local cuz they're so backed up. There's a lot of different accidents." But it was really nice. He helped us get it taken care of. But They knew the keys were getting closer. Only a few more. There you go. >> Thank you. >> Yep. >> Sure. >> Okay. Who's three cars away from being out? >> Wow. >> The most we can do here in this attraction if you like. But if you are still concerned and upset, the best bet would be go to desolation. >> Hi over here. >> See if that'll work. >> Yep. I just got in on my end. So we're giving you a multiple experience pass. So, what that is is a Lightning Lane that's good at most attractions except for about five. Check the app for more updates. It's good to the end of the day today. >> Thank you. >> You're welcome. >> It's not It's not in our tier. >> I think it's not in our >> You can't use it with our >> Oh, okay. >> It doesn't work for all the most popular ones. No, of course. Right. You can't go on Fron, >> guys. We should go on Everest in the dark. >> All right, let's see what it says here. >> It's a different >> So, it's valid through tomorrow. So, you could actually use it tomorrow, >> of course. It says something went wrong. See, this app is horrible. This is a horrible app. Look at this. So, if I try and figure out what it's good for, >> it does that. I I I I am without words for how bad this app is. It's not the cast member's fault for sure, but they they got to fix this app. Like it it's I I forced closed and reopened, too. See, I I don't know what we can do. It doesn't say. >> I I I think I remember which ones are it is, but Anyway, that was a that was 30 minutes there at the end. >> Okay. No, I'm not in a dead zone. What do you think? Should I try it here at Peter Pan or should I try it at Buzz? >> What do you think? Oh wow. >> Let's go use it on Buzz. That way we don't have to wait as long. I think it actually works on Buzz, too. I think that's in the same tier. I actually don't think Peter Pan's in the same tier. I think Peter Pan's one of the rides that doesn't work cuz it's in that upper tier. If you do the Lightning Lane multi pass, it's in that upper tier. It won't work on Buzz. Oh my gosh. >> All right. Well, well, let's just go try it anyway. >> Feel bad for people that are here on vacation if this is their last night and they miss the fire fireworks. But granted, obviously, you you can't get on a ride close to fireworks like that, but they would may not they may not know that. You know, I knew better. Like that was totally my fault. But whatever. Nobody got hurt. That's the most important thing. And we can come back another day. I haven't had any surveys for a while. I want to do a survey and talk about how bad the app is. All right. Well, let's see what we can do here. By the way, I haven't talked about any sponsors tonight, so I should probably do that real quick. Uh, go check out mickeyras.com. That's mickeyras.com to book your next trip to Walt Disney World. Mickeys.com. Go check them out. They are an awesome awesome service, travel agent service. Um, but it doesn't cost any more than if you booked it yourself. There's no charge for them. Disney pays them, so you pay the regular price or probably a little less because they probably find you a discount. They're good at that. So, go check out mickeyras.com. Again, that's mickeyras.com. Go check them out. Also, mickeyblog.com. They also have their website for the news that shows you all the latest Disney news on mikblog.com, mickeytras.com for booking your trip and they do cruises, too. Go check it out. Also, we have um resort tv1homes.com. If you want to find your dream home here in the central Florida area, check out resorttv1homes.com. We've got closings all the time. Uh we're really it's been helping us out a lot since YouTube's been YouTube's been down. So if you are moving down here, we would love it if you use our service, but also we have the best agents. So it's a good reason not just you're supporting the channel, you're also getting the best of the best. Uh we're brokered by EXP Realy and they have the best team in the area. They are amazing and their agents understand the area better than anybody else and will will find help you find that dream home here. They'll listen to your budget needs, your time frame needs, you know, whatever else you have. If you have kids or if you don't have kids, like they they'll list all those things and they can help you uh find good areas for all of that. >> So, definitely go check them out. Resort TV1homes.com resortvomes.com. Also, >> check out David's DVC Rentals. DBCrequest.com/DV. David's DVC Rentals is a service that will allow you to rent DBC room for a fraction of the cost, even if you're not a DBC member. It's like a try it before you buy service, which is really cool. You can rent a DBC room for a fraction of the cost. And you can do it without signing a DVC contract. So, go check that out. Davis DBC Rentals DBCrequest.com/tv. Oh, thanks for resort budgeting. Yeah, 53 minutes to close. Well, we'll stay till close. That was our plan. So, maybe we'll do Buzz Lightyear and People Mover and we'll see what time we have left after that. One silver lining is that we shouldn't have any copyright claims tonight other than maybe the the um the intro music to uh the uh Starlight Parade. There is 15 seconds of the beginning of Starlight that gets copyrighted. It's hilarious. The That's it. It gets copyrighted, but the rest of it nope, sure doesn't. It's so funny. But I can remove that. So, I guess that's the silver lining, right? That and we got a we got a lightning lane for Buzz that we get to go use and so we can maybe go do Buzz with very little weight. So, that'll be nice. We'll see if we can see if we can do it, but I don't know like the if it works there or not. It should work. We shall see. Oh, sorry to hear that, Joel. Well, nothing we can do about it, bud. We got to roll with the punches. You know, if the bride breaks down, you just got to go with it. Like, I wasn't happy about it either, but we just have to go with it. I'll see if it works. I love this. This sign looks really nice. Look at that at night. Doesn't that look Oh, here. Let me turn the Let me turn the brightness down. Hold on. Doesn't that look nice? >> Oh, here. Let me turn up the quality a little bit. Doesn't that look awesome? >> Wow. before and we are working but because >> this is not I just spent half an hour waiting to be evaced off Haunted Mansion but I guess it doesn't work here >> technically no fine because we're brand new >> they changed it so we're in the same tier as space and >> oh it used to be down in the middle tier okay >> used to be but since we're new >> Oh Okay. >> In the future, at least for the >> for the time being future, we will be the same as space and everything like that. >> Okay. >> Oh, well, thank you. I appreciate it. >> That was nice. They told me I could go just for this time. That was very nice. So that leaves a lot less rides on the middle tier then. That is interesting. I kind of get it. But wow. Oh, I think there's a way to get to that. Let me Hold on. Let me see. I think if I go to my plans, it'll show it. Oh, it's probably gone now. But no, it's not gone. That was nice of him. Well, now it works. >> See, you just have to go from a different place. One. How many? >> Oh, the the pre-show is down. Here's where I can go. Wow, that's a very, very underwhelming selection for the middle tier now. Yeah, Buzz Lights or the Buzz Lightear thing is down. So, the way I had to get to that, >> this has been like this for a long time. You can't tap it from here. You have to hit my plans and then tap it from inside my plans. >> How crazy that they haven't fixed that after a long time. >> Yeah, we'll try to see the banana spaceship. We'll see if I can get a higher score this time, too. Yeah, I guess I can do poo after this. He let me keep was nice of him. He let me keep the lightning wing. Very nice of him. breakers. It's mission time. >> Okay, here we go. Let's see if we can do see how we can score this time. I lower your cruiser shield here. Rocket and roll. You can't hit all these training targets. I know you can. All right. Auto awesome pilot. But our teamwork will overcome banana spaceship is over here. Attention space rangers. Your smoke has been temporarily deactivated. For your safety, please remain seated. Your mission will resume momentarily. Heat. Heat. We're sending rust buckets to the scrap. My pleasure to space rangers. You're doing great. >> Keep it up. >> Yeah, you don't get very many points when it stops, but I guess that's fine. >> Everyone stay together. Point values are really low in the beginning. >> Rangers, your mission will resume immediately. For your safety, please remain seated. >> But our team will rebuild early on. >> Oh, wow. Oh, the ones that turn white. Oh, dang. All right, cool. I got to wait for the It's not the ones that turn red. It's the ones that turn white. The ones that turn red are being hit by somebody else. Okay, now I know. Okay, now I know it's the white ones. Remember we fear no. Heat. Heat. Power cells power. Attention space rangers. Your star cruisers have been temporarily activated. Warrior. >> I wonder. So nothing's turning white when it stops. Well, the one below Zerg is not um not very valuable. Let's look over here. Heat. Heat. No one can stop me now. No one can stop you now. >> So, the gun kind of vibrates when you get ahead and also vibrates when you're lined up. Rangers, your star cruisers have been temporarily for your safety seated and missing out the power. No one knows. tires. Your power racers will resume immediately. For your safety, please remain seated. very far. >> There's definitely no easy galactic >> hero. Rangers, your star cruisers have been temporarily deactivated. For your safety, please remain seated. Your mission will resume. >> Yeah, no easy galactic heroes here. Heat. Heat. No one can stop me now. No one can show me. But after all that, that's where I am. I'm getting better at target practice, that's for sure. It's nice, too, that your laser is on all the time. Look, my laser. Look at my laser. That's my laser. It's on all the time. That helps a lot. >> Before you had to just keep shooting to find where your laser was. That makes it way easier. And then the targets flash green. If I've been sitting here before, I would have had 100 or I would have had 999,000 easily. So, there's no white targets when you're uh stopped. Attention space rangers. Your star cruisers have been temporarily deactivated. For your safety, please remain seated. Your mission forward. >> Yeah, I got bad luck with rides tonight. I guess this one's fine cuz I'm like, you know, just shooting stuff. This has something to do. They seem to have the same point value. Let's see. That one's 100. What about this one? >> This one's 200. That one's 100. That one's 100. That one's 200. >> So the moving ones are 200. >> That's 100. >> All those are 100. The only ones are 200 are these little robot guys. These are 200 cuz they're moving. All right, so this is the way to go. This robot guy. These robot guys are 200 points. That's the highest I can get right now. I know that sound is probably annoying. Sorry. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Somebody's going to need to get this land electrolyte into the sandwich. A sandwich and some electrolytes. Yeah, >> my hand hurts a lot, but I want to get Galactic Hero. Not that it'll be like that big of an achievement at this point, but here. Let's go shoot Zerg some more. ourselves. Power. Oh, I can't get there. Maybe over here. I can't wait. No one. >> So, the bottom of Earth that used to be 100,000 is only 100 right now. >> Attention space rangers. Your star cruisers have been temporarily deactivated. >> Yeah, we know. >> For your safety, please remain seated. Mission will resume momentarily. >> Ow. >> Okay, I'm going to switch hands. Heat. Heat. Power me the power. I need more power. No one can stop me now. No one can stop me now. >> I wonder if the value the values are probably more while it's moving. No one can stop me now. The power cells. >> Attention space rangers. Your star cruisers have been temporarily deactated. For your safety, please remain seated. Your mission will resume momentarily. So, when I shoot, my uh gun lights up. And so, here, I'll show you. When I shoot with the other gun, here's the other gun. The other one's red. That's fun. Okay. So, when I shoot with the red one, targets light up red. Oh, it has a different noise. How fun. And when I hit something, the back of it lights up. Okay, it's cool. It's They did a lot like a big big compliment to them. They did a lot to make it easier to tell when you're actually hitting something. our parks going to be closed around time get off this ride. Thanks for joining me. How many rides am I going to break? kind of right. So funny that I'm right I'm Can I show the blaster up close? Yeah. Here. Let me turn on the uh the flashlight. >> There you go. There you go. >> For your safety, please remain seated. Your mission will resume momentarily. >> I've got this cord down here. And you got about this much cord. Not bad. There you go. Let me turn that back off. There you go. Oh yeah, I'll probably repost this. It's a separate video anyway. Shooting the door. All right. So, here's a shooting tutorial. We're stopped on Buzz Lightyear. Um, I don't know if we'll get evacuated or not, but since we're stopped, I'll give you a short shooting tutorial for the brand new Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Sprin that opened in April 2026. So, here we go. This is my blaster. I have the green one. As you can see, when I aim around, my dot actually goes with the gun here. And so, I can aim it and I can find what I want to find. And then when I actually get in the middle of a target here, it actually lights up in the middle of that target. And then when I shoot the target, the back of the gun turns green and the target itself turns green so you know you hit it. Plus the gun vibrates. Now I have the green gun. Over here is the red gun. It does the same thing except everything turns red. So if I take the red gun, you can see it turns red. The laser point is red. So it makes it way easier for two people next to each other to see who's shooting what. Plus the target that you just hit turns red, which is awesome. So that is the way that you shoot on Buzz Light. And you can see it makes a sound and the back of the gun lights up when you actually hit the target. And then down here you can see your score add up. Of course I've done a lot better on the other side cuz I've been working on that for a while. So that's how that works. Now the other thing to know, and I can't show you this right now, but the other thing to know is that actually if a target turns white, it's a 2x or even more. That's how I got this big score is that I hit a couple targets with the white background around them so that the target turns white. That's what you want to hit. I used to think hitting a red target was a lot, but actually that's just when somebody with a red gun hits it. So when the target turns white, that one's going to give you a 2x. So that's going to be nice. Oh, >> so there you go. >> So I hope that helps. Your Buzz Lightyear targets are Oh, there's white. This one's right up here now. There you go. You just have to wait till you see a white one. You thought you could stop me? >> Oh, this is new over here. Keep missing that. That's new right there. Those are white teamwork. Space Ranger. Heat. Heat. I did it. I did it. I did it. I did it. Classic hero. Heat. Heat. I'll take it from here. Enjoy. >> Oh, I got more. >> Mission accomplished. Rangers really >> I can't just get off. >> Please remain seated. >> That's cool though. >> I can't spin anymore. >> Solar navigator. >> Yeah, the target bonus is nice. Yes, I will post the tutorial as a separate video for sure. >> Space rangers, your mission will resume immediately. For your safety, please remain seated. >> All right, there you go. >> Yes, my hand is hurting. Holy cow. >> Oh, that's cute. Last target before you go. The holster. Nice. >> Okay. At least we got to ride it. That was fun. >> At least we got to ride it. Let me see if I can get All right, here we go. >> Yikes. Okay, let me turn up the brightness a little bit. Was fun for sure. >> All right, let's go see if we can do Winnie the Pooh. I was Let me see if my lightning lane's still on there. Then we'll finish up with TTA. That was fun. Let me see if I still got my lightning lane. Oh, the app crashed. High quality piece of programming right there. Yeah, still got my lightning lane. So, I'll just I'll just use it. That was nice of the cast member to let me ride and also let me keep the lightning wing. How nice. That was very magical. For your safety, if you have jetpacks or motoriz, please. >> All right, let's go do the poo. There you go, Joseph. That is one we don't get to do much, so we'll just do it. >> It says it's good for that one, so we're just going to do it. I think we earned it with our 30 minute sit. And then just now, how long was that? Holy cow. So, I will um I will try really hard. No, I'm not going to do the other parade. I will try really hard um to post that as a separate video. I may like post the whole thing, the longest ride on Buzz Lightyear ever, and then post the tutorial maybe as a short and then also as a regular video. I don't know. We'll see. I'm trying to get the algorithm to just like notice us again. Wow. I can get you. >> Happy Easter. Yeah, for sure. There we go. My gimbal got wonky. It's getting tired, too. Okay. I'm glad I got to Laki hero for the first time. >> To be clear, I think I still could have done it without all the extra points because I figured out how to do it. You got to hit the white targets. Somebody said that in the chat the other day. You guys were right. So, that's cool. Hello. >> Hello. >> You're welcome. >> Thank you. >> Probably didn't need it at this point. It looks like it's almost a walk-on at this point. I'm not even skipping much of the line at this point. Oh well, that's all right. Hello. And now it was literally would have been the same as just walk. I just had to walk through less cube. That's all right. Woohoo! GTF. Heat. Heat. No, I didn't get another fast pass for the buzz situation. Nope. No Lightning Wayne for that one. I'm glad you're going to enjoy it. Glad you enjoy, Joseph. No, I watched Starlight earlier. So, we're just going to ride a ride in this one >> after waiting so long on Haunted Mansion. I just want to ride a couple rides and be done. >> We also kind of watched Starlight twice cuz we had to go watch it down by Haunted Mansion. >> Yeah, I got some unique footage out of the Buzz One. That's right. True. It was way easier to explain it while the ride wasn't moving. Like I said, no matter how good the shorts are that we post, it's like eh 3,000 views. 4,000 views. Like, I think the algorithm just doesn't like our channel. Like, it's got really bad settings on it or something. I don't know that it matters what we do. >> It's me, Tigger, and being safe. So, please stay seated, >> but we'll try it. >> Inside TTFN, cut off for now. If you get this right to shut down, you're ready to buy a lottery ticket. I know, right? >> Yeah. This ride breaks down, man. I don't know. >> Hey, classy Disney mom. >> Although, Spider-Man. How many? >> One. >> The black widow of rides. Yeah, I'm ride cursed. Thanks, Joseph. >> Hopefully hopefully it'll be all right. If this ride doesn't break down, we might have time for Pete to mover. No guarantees, though. It's about a 50/50 shot at this point. Heat. Heat. One day, the east wind traded If you ask me, you'll never reach that tree. >> Hang on tightly, Ro. Oh man. Come with me. Follow me right this way. I will bounce right out of the ride. Honey bees. Heat. Heat. Oh my god. My very good. And everyone gathered together to say, What do we do? I think I did. I must have left the backpack in Buzz Light here cuz it's not in there. I think I left the backpack in the Buzz Lightyear ride. >> Okay. Well, guess we're not riding people mover. I got to go get my backpack. Yeah, I hope they grabbed it. We'll see. I got to go to the exit and get the backpack. >> Oh, thanks, Ryan. I there might not Come on. Come on. I hope I didn't leave it on Haunted Mansion. I have no idea. >> I actually think I got it out of Haunted Mansion. I'm pretty sure I did. Thank you. >> Hi. Now approaching And here worried about space for action. There's really nothing This is always my favorite. Oh, I do have an air tag. Hold on. >> Okay, it's it's in here. >> It's here. All right, that's good. >> All right, Air Tag says it's here. >> Hi. Sorry to bother you. I left my backpack on the ride here. Air Tag says it's still here somewhere. >> So, have a great description of >> It's a blue backpack. The Air Tag says it's here somewhere. That's the one. Thank you. Thank you so much. >> I got it. >> Come on, buddy. If you hurry up, >> sorry. All right. Well, I guess we do have time for people. Ah, >> you'll be right with me. You're watching. >> Hair tags are helpful for sure. Please, we cannot carefully onto the platform. For your safety, remain at all time right here for me. >> I'll put it over here so I remember it. >> I'll be looking at it when I get off. Please see you. >> Oh, thanks Chris. >> Please step carefully onto the platform. Then step into the car for your safety. >> Yes, Susan. I did. I got a lot done. Keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please be clear. Thanks for getting your ears on automatically. Enjoy your journey. Please step carefully onto the moving platform. >> This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around Tomorrowland. Greetings. Intergalactic travelers, welcome aboard the people mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Ror 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow land. And my stars, is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to monster lands, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. >> For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. Thank you. >> The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders. Transfer to Green and Red Line. Del, your express train by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot? And a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World. Look, there's even a tiny people lover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny OAC. On your right is Star Trekers, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except action stars, those are no longer. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks in the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward- facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. This is Starport 75 or as New Yorkers call it Space Mountain. Our highspeed rocket port to distant deep space destinations. and the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The core moons of 7. New H2 all to yourself. Book today. Let relaxation away. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. staging Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward intervals clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Calling all space rangers, report to your star cruiser and join me on this daring space mission against Eon. Affirmative. We're on it. Buzz, you can count on us. Heat. Heat. I see one Take the show. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people river journey has nearly come full orbit. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're concluding, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. the day. See you in the future. This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around Tomorrowland. your food and it will lay open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> Please keep arms, antenna, and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and other appendages away from the doors. >> All right, I got my backpack. It's >> on my arm. >> Okay, so we had a super chat from recliner Rob. Thank you so much. >> Recliner Rob, $5. You found a $5 bill. Says recliner Rob says, I found a $5 bill. Thank you so much, Recliner Rob. Appreciate that. And then Michaela Hood, $2. Hi, Josh. Happy Easter. Happy early Easter. Thank you, Michaela. Appreciate that very much. >> All right. Well, I got to go wrap it up and get my cookie. ATB 26 months Opera Silver. Josh is a trooper. He deserves a lot of credit for the work he puts on in these streams. Glad you found your backpack quickly. Thanks for the show tonight. Cheers, bro. Thank you. Appreciate it. I do really like the uh Buzz Lightyear sign. I said that before, but it just looks really nice there. Like I I like the new style of Tomorrowland. I miss the steampunk, but it's a nice change. It's not like radically different. It's more like the original Tomorrowland. They didn't take out the little ribs on the sides of these. That's very steampunk, but they they kind of painted them white. So, but this is nice. That's weird that people always want to sit there, but it is nice. Doesn't look like a comfortable place to sit at all. Hope the bunny treats me well. Thanks. I do have some marshmallow piece my mom and dad gave me. There we go. >> All right. Oh >> yeah. Fin cookie time. Busy, busy, busy, busy, busy, busy, busy day. Oh, thank you so much. Rosemary sent a $25 PayPal. Thank you for always going above and beyond. Happy Resurrection Day from Rosemary in Pennsylvania. Thank you so much, Rosemary. I appreciate that. Happy Resurrection Day to you as well. Maybe I'll rename this stream. Maybe it'll get Maybe it'll get views after the fact if I rename it to what it really was. I have a title in my head. Let's see what you guys think about this. I have a couple different ones. The stream where nothing went according to plan, but we still had fun. How about that? So, I don't want it to be a downer because we actually still did have fun, but nothing went according to plan. or the stream where everything went wrong but we still had fun or should I keep should I keep should I keep but we still had fun off of it because you know people click more when it's like drama. I don't know. I think I should change the title though for sure. >> What do you guys think? a thing on your feet at Walt Disney World. How to have come a poop emoji show. I love that. I know what you meant, but I'm not going to say it. Thank you for being such a sport. Thank you. I don't know. Should I keep the But we still had fun. We did have fun. But you know how it is with people. They got to they got to have a little drama to click on it. I don't know. Today nothing went right but somehow did. Don't do the drama thing. It's annoying. I know Nanny Pooh Bear, but I'm just trying to get like something going on the channel. I'm very disheartened because it doesn't matter what we do, it seems like the algorithm is not going to notice us. So, I feel like maybe I just take a good thing into a bad thing. I think I might do it anyway. At >> the end of the day, it's just, you know, if I have to change a title to get some people to watch a video, that's what I have to do. Doesn't hurt anything. shenanigans on Saturday. Call it all the troubles. No, I noticed notice I didn't say uh I didn't say I was going to be dramatic on the channel. That's not that's not going to change. I'm just saying if I change a title here or there after the fact, I don't think it hurts anybody. Moon looks nice up there. Two ride crashes and a lost backpack. The word crashes makes it sound like something actually crashed though. I don't want to I I get what you mean. The rides crashed as in like they they stopped working. But yeah, the people are going to be like nothing crashed. But you know how it is. >> Saying nothing went right isn't drama. No, for sure what it recommends. Even though I'm subscribed, it pop up as YouTube recommends. That's good. I feel like the loop we were throw made the stream more fun. Yeah, for sure. It forced us into, you know, something different. So, that's good. No, I'm not I'm not mad about anything that happened. I'm just wondering if we can turn a negative into a positive. Not really negative, just like >> I mean, it was it was a little bit annoying, but like it was, you know, I have the benefit of not having this be my only day at the park or, you know, my last trip, you know, for a couple years. And I know a lot of people do have that reality. So, you know, I can come back next week and we can try again. So, but honestly, I don't know. One of Tim Tracker's most most uh popular videos is uh what a really really rough day at Magic Kingdom where everything broke down. People like that stuff, you know. >> Well, and I don't think it's necessarily about drama, right? Cuz it's not necessarily like the drama of like, oh my gosh, he said, she said, and this is this and this is that. It's more like I think people identify with it because it's like everybody's been here and had, you know, stuff not going according to plan. So, I think it makes people feel like they uh they identify with it. So, >> yeah, I don't know. >> What do you think? >> We'll see. I'll change it to something. >> No, Ker dude, I'm done, man. I'm done. No Montreal on stream tonight. Oh, you don't like it when people have misleading titles? No, I agree with you. I don't necessarily think that would be misleading, though, cuz uh a lot of things did go wrong that time. But yes, I agree with you. I don't like it when people say like if people make a video and say they're quitting YouTube but then they're not actually like I would never do that, you know, stuff like that or like I don't know. There's Yes, there are a lot of ways that you could be misleading and certainly I don't like that. But in this case that title's pretty accurate. >> All right, we got to go. It's something unique that you didn't have control over. You actually experienced it. Yeah, exactly. So, it's not untruthful. It's just >> It's just different. >> Did you want to make the one that hasn't? >> It's helpful seeing how to handle stuff like this at Disney when things don't go as planned. Absolutely. Yeah. They still had fun. So, all right. Well, have a great night, everybody. Uh, we'll see you soon. I've got 15 minutes to get into the uh the bakery here to get my cookie. So, that's nice. I did want to um thank a couple other awesome sponsors. We've got um we've got Layer 1 Technology. If you want to find and get uh technology support, IT support for your small or mediumsiz business here in Central Florida. Just go to support layer onetoneology.com. Again, that's support onetone.com. Also, we have Dreamtable. Go check them out. It's an app in the app store. Go check it out. dreamtable.co or dreamtable on the app store. They'll help you get the hardest to find reservations here at Walt Disney World. We also have um Behind the Ride on Amazon. Behind the Ride on Amazon and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Two awesome books about how Walt Disney World and the rides were created. That's behind the ride and Disney demystified. Go check them out. Uh, platinum members Haley Noel Leblanc, Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Stephanie Mertz, Diane 515, Jack Spar, Sorcerer, Mickey, My Crazy Grump Life, Czech Paulie, The Amazing, Jay La Moxy, Cicander Donnie, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Bismo, and Alan J. I should read it backwards. Alan J, Ali Bismo, James Han, Christopher Black, Will Miller, Scander, Danny, Jaylen Moxley, Chuck Polly, My Crazy Grump, Life Sorcerer, Mickey Jack Sparrow, Diane 515, Tiffany Mertz, Big Guy One, um Amy Moore, Total Care, Tom, Grey Rose Adventures, and Haley Noah Leblanc. Here we go. I read it backwards. All right, thanks guys. We'll see you soon. Thank you for watching. Thank you for being so awesome. Uh thank you for understanding about me missing the fireworks. Obviously, that wasn't the goal, but I appreciate it. We'll see you guys soon. Thank you moppers for mopping. Thank you hoppers for hopping. And thank you everybody for being so that's not going to work. Thank you everybody for being so amazing. We'll see you next time. All right everybody. I got to get out of the the way here. But all right everybody. Um I'll see you at Tranle Tuesday. We'll see where we go with that. But thank you everybody. You guys are awesome. I survived being trapped on the Haunted Mansion. Only got Buzz Light your seal on my backpack. That's a great one. Holy cow. That's a great one. I got to save that. That's great. How fun. All right, I'll see you later, guys. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. >> Step back. Now your backpack. your hand. You want to write We did it. >> Milk chocolate.
