---
video_id: Zm-xib3E3y4
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Tranquil Tuesday - A Relaxing Evening on the Disney Skyliner - Walt Disney World - 2-3-26"
published: 2026-02-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zm-xib3E3y4
---
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard the Disney Skyliner at Disney's Hollywood Studios. We are on our way to Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort with connecting flights to Epcot International Gateway, Disney's Pop Century Resort, and Disney's Art of Animation Resort. We hope you enjoyed your visit to Hollywood today. Now, wave goodbye to your adoring fans below. Bye. [gasps] In just a few moments, we will be traveling over the headarters of the Everglad. blades. The water that flows from the protected wetlands around Walt Disney World Resort travels all the way to the Everglades, the Atlantic Ocean, and the Gulf of Mexico. Did you know that the entire Walt Disney World Resort is over 40 square miles? That's about the same size as the city of San Francisco and double the island of Manhattan. We will be arriving at Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort shortly. ly. All passengers must disembark and transfer at this station. Thank you, and we hope you enjoyed the most magical flight on Earth. Please remain seated until the doors automatically open. When exiting the cabin, please supervise children, collect your belongings, and watch your step. Thank you for flying with us. service. Gracias for [music] Hi, welcome. Watch your step. [music] [music] Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I am live at the Disney Skyliner station here for some Disney Skyliner resort hopping. Welcome in everybody. Happy Tranquil Tuesday. >> Thanks for joining us and uh thank you for uh being a part of our live stream and our community. So hope everybody's having a great Tuesday night. Tranquil Tuesday. It's been a week since I've been live. That's pretty crazy honestly. But it was a nice break and uh I'm happy to be here tonight with you guys and honestly had an amazing time this weekend. And of course we'll talk about that. But first want to get things started on the stream here. So beautiful. So yeah, it was a great trip and um just had a great time. But be sure before we get too far into the stream. Make sure you subscribe if you're new. Follow us on social media. We're Resort TV one on Facebook, Instagram, Tik Tok, and Twitter. All the things. And uh thanks for watching. Chuck says, "Sorry about all the cold weather. We just moved here from Delaware to follow us now." Must be what it is. I will tell you what, we're going to talk about cold weather here in a minute. We Hey, Mike. Hey, Rita. Awesomeness. Hello. Yes. Congratulations to Josh tomorrow for being officially named the new or sorry the the uh the next Igger isn't stepping down yet, but he is officially named the next CEO of the Walt Disney Company. So that is super super awesome. Congrats to Josh. I have met him before. Jen and I both met him. He's a wonderful guy. Uh we got to do a selfie and he was just very very kind. So it was awesome. Hey Dan. Hey Benjamin. Jilly. David. Got to see David in New York which was super cool. Hey Jill. Mega Byron cardboard box. Congrats on 27 months of Upper Bronze. Welcome back Josh. Happy Tuesday. Thanks. Can't wait to be back on the Skylliner. Hey Deborah. Hey Christopher. Yeah Josh tomorrow. That's right. Hey Mr. Carrie Small M is here. Tracy's here. Brandon Plymouth Rock. Alicia Anthony. Um I'll be staying in less than 3 months. That's awesome. Awesomeness. Hey Mike V. Peter. Hello. Hello. There we go. Is his nickname just you? I don't know. He might be. He might be. Yeah. So, that's pretty cool. CEO elect. There you go. [laughter] Yes, he is the CEO elect. Anyway, uh yeah, super congrats to Josh. It's going to be awesome. I think he's going to carry the philosophy forward. He seems to be an appreciator of, you know, the Disney way and the the way things have been. He's also been part of the company for a long time, you know, so obviously, you know, nobody's perfect, right? But I think he's the best choice right now. And I think here's the other thing. I love seeing Disney promote from within. They're big. They they've been big on that for a long time. Uh they haven't always, but I think it's great having somebody from within Disney to who understands it, who doesn't try and come in with a different philosophy, like somebody from a retail outlet like, okay, we're going to be all about merch from now on and that's it. I think Josh understands Disney's multiaceted and they have to fire on all cylinders to be competitive. You know, they have to be able to maximize the movies and the parks and the merch and the IP and the characters and the stories and all the things, all the creativity and the imagination, imagineering. They have to fire on all cylinders to be at their best. I mean, Disney's going to do well, you know, based on all the the, you know, 100 plus years of goodwill, but um I think it really helps when you have somebody who understands the company. So, I think that's going to be great. Great. Great. Hey, Anthony. Hey, Rita. Well, let's get back on the Skyline. just kind of wanted to chat before we get back on. I think we're going to go to uh I think we'll go to Art of Art of Animation first today and the Muppets. As long as he doesn't make everything change to Pepsi, David guys, everything was Pepsi all weekend. And I'm not kidding like at all. every place from JFK airport all the way to um the hotel we stayed in the university we went to every single thing has been Pepsi it's crazy but anyway I survived >> yes >> thank you >> any um it was cold in New York um and then I wasn't as cold when I got back here even though it's been pretty chilly the last couple days here. That's right. Muppet show tomorrow. Hey, Mary. Lots of cool stuff going on. It's It's been crazy. Lots of things. But yeah, I got to see David and Gia and Izzy and it was wonderful to see all of them. They were doing well and we got to hang out at the hotel and we got to do um we got to watch the AC capella festival together which I want to talk more about that cuz we want to, you know, Dave and I were talking about this. We have to bring more awareness to this festival. um our friends um run this festival and they um do such a great job um and we want to just bring more awareness to it. Uh in fact, they've been on the stream a little bit. Their son was the one dressed as R2-D2 um and so um we saw them at Epcot a little while back. >> Welcome aboard the Disney Skyliner at Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort. Now, get ready to travel back in time and enter the animated worlds of Disney. We are on our way to Disney's Pop Century Resort and Disney's Art of Animation Resort. >> It's a little um it's a little uh little distorted there. Anyway, the festival is great, by the way. It's called Sing Strong. Uh, and it is um a an ac capella festival with a competition, professional performances, an ad hoc group called Single Singers, which I sang in by the way, and so did Liam. Um, and then uh they had um they have um pro again pro performances competition for high school and for um anybody else that wants to compete. And I um I just really enjoyed it. It was amazing. So Oh, that's good. Matt, I'm glad you like the resort streams. So, um, no, we had a great time. >> Just ahead to the right is Disney's Art of Animation Resort, a larger than life resort that celebrates the creative magic that goes into crafting Disney animated films from sketches to reality. On your left is Disney's Pop Century Resort, a memorable resort that celebrates the way we lived, played, and communicated with each other throughout the 20th century. We are now gliding over the sparkling waters of Hourglass Lake. Please sit back, relax, and enjoy the most magical flight on Earth. >> In just a few moments, we will be arriving at the only floating Skyliner station at Walt Disney World Resort. Passengers can disembark here for Disney's Pop Century Resort and for Disney's Art of Animation Resort. Thank you for flying the Disney Skyliner. Bon voyage. So, yeah, great stuff. Sorry, I just wanted to be quiet over the lake cuz it was so pretty. Um, Rob has a really good point. Eisner might have been one of the best CEOs with Walt with with with sorry Wells and was outside Disney. Yes. So actually as I was saying that I also had that thought. So my theory is not necessarily always correct there. But I think in this case I think at that moment Eisner was the best CEO choice because Disney needed a little bit of a shakeup. They hadn't really modernized yet um you know from the um from the older era. And I think, you know, while maybe, you know, total change in monetization isn't always necessary, um, there was some change that was necessary and I think Eisner was great to do that. Um, and then, you know, I think now where we where we are now, I think unless there's somebody kind of like Eisner that would be willing to, you know, shake things up in a good way. I think, uh, in this situation, um, tomorrow, Josh is probably the best in this case. So, yeah. And again, congrats and good luck to him. We're pulling for him. Uh David says, "It's an incredibly professionally produced show and the talent is really top shelf from the high school groups all the way to the pro groups. We heard stuff I still can't explain." Yes, I'm telling you guys, it's crazy. So, Singstrong is the name of the the name of the event and it's uh I believe it's new york.synstrong.com. Eisner also helped save off a hostile takeover. He did. He did. Uh, and I think, you know, I will give he and and Iger credit for, you know, being smart and running the company well, you know what I mean? Like I think they both steer they both were good at the helm. Um, just making sure things were stable. Anyway, um, but I do want to talk about my trip a little bit. So, um, like I said, I went to New York. Um, somebody asked if Liam got to see the the skyline from the plane. Um, yes, he did. Uh, we got to see New York skyline. We got to see snow, of course. It was beautiful with the snow. Let me see. Okay, real quick. Let me see if I can find some pictures we took from the plane. There you go. New York.synstrong.org. Again, it's run by my friends uh um the Minkoff family. They're really, really amazing people and they um they just do such a great job with this festival. And um the best part is it goes towards um Alzheimer's research. So, that's where um that's where the funds go. they go towards Alzheimer's uh a like a cure and research. So, so that's pretty cool. Or research towards a cure, I should say. Let's see if I can find the skyline pictures. Uh you couldn't really see it very well. Let me see. But this was cool. Check this out. This is coming down. I believe this is um that's the end of Long Island there as we're coming over. I think that's one of the beaches in Long Island there as we're coming over. Let's see if I can see a couple others. The ice was amazing. Now, he's been to New York before, but look at this. I think this Whoops. I think this boat is stuck. I think that boat is stuck out there. Ain't that gorgeous? >> Gorgeous. Oh, there's Liam. He was excited. >> The Rockaways. Cool. >> There's a TWWA building at JFK. Anyway, um yeah, so super cool stuff. And then I got to Liam and I got Liam got to play with snow for the first time and feel what cold was like when we stepped off the plane. I'm pretty sure it was um Yeah, Long Island is pretty cool looking. When we stepped off the plane, I think it was about 8°. Feels like zero or below. Somewhere around there. 10° maybe. I think it was single digits though. And we ended up getting to we ended up getting to um we ended up getting off the plane and and going, you know, walking walking walking all the way to the parking garage to try and get, you know, some transportation. And we got in the parking garage and Liam goes, "That's I" I said, "Be ready, bud. Let's get you zipped up. It's going to be really really cold. And um and uh it was like it was like uh we got off we got out of the um oh sorry we got out of the building and he was like I I don't think it's cold yet. I don't feel it being cold. And and then I was like oh you know it hit him hit him hard. So um it hit all of us pretty hard or both of us pretty hard. Anyway was like oh that's cool. But we wanted to play with some snow and play around a little bit. And uh so he wasn't prepared for how cold the snow would make his hands feel, but he he still did really well with it. And um and for me, I was like, "Oo, I think it been since 2013 since I had felt cold like that." Like single digit or below zero windchill cold. It it was very cold. And then um probably Sunday was the coldest day. Even though the temp was like 15, the windchill was min -5 and or minus 7 at one point because the wind was like 20 25 miles an hour. And when that wind blew, it just it felt like it blew right through. It was one of those things where you were like, you had to look down. He's like, am I still wearing my jeans like or my my pants at the time? I was wearing khakis, I guess, was probably part of the problem, but the the wind just blows right through your clothes. And I'm like, oh my gosh. Literally just shocked the system. So then when I got back here, >> when I got back here and um got off the plane and it was like I don't know 37 or something and uh I was like you know it's chilly but it's fine. So my definitely my I got used to the cold in like 2 or 3 days cuz I you know I it's been I guess it's been 10 or 12 years but I got used to it again pretty quickly. I didn't like it but I was definitely like only uncomfortable when it was like super cold. Anyway, so that was interesting. I doubt a lot of people in the pool right now. >> Right now it's not bad though. Um, right now the temp is uh what? 50some, 60some, I don't know. It's really nice. [music] 56. So, right now it's fine. This morning it was 28 at my house. This morning it got 28. Um, yesterday it was 27. I think Steph said Sunday morning it hit 24. That was pretty cold for Orlando. Anyway, >> it's brutally cold consistently since now November, early December. I'm so happy to be moving out of New York. Coldest one we had in ages. That's what everybody said. Everybody I talked to there in New York said the exact same thing. Isn't that crazy? Oh, wow. Look, an empty pool. That's kind of pretty, actually. I need to get a picture of that. [music] Usually I I feel weird taking a picture of the pool, but when nobody's in there, I'm good. It's a lazy win. Too lazy to go around, so it goes right through you. [laughter] I like that. That is a lazy win, my friends. I've been in the single digits for 2 weeks now. Almost [music] painful at first. Now, anything over 10 feels warm. You do get used to it. [music] So, here's the interesting thing. I had a direct comparison day between the humidity cold and the dry cold. And I think after several weird email online debates with a random person, I actually think that both humid cold and dry cold can be intense in their own ways. And here's let me explain. Um, I think when the wind is blowing, [music] >> um, the humid cold gets you after you've been out in it a little while, right? The humid cold really gets you when you've been out in it a little while. I think that's [music] it. It It kind of gets you it it kind of, you know, adds moisture to your skin and your clothes that evaporates and it makes you feel colder. So, I think that is definitely a thing. Um, and I think also just the humidity blowing on you makes it feel colder, but when the dry dry cold air hits you in the face, I think it's more shocking. Does that make sense? I think it takes your breath away faster. So, I don't know that one is better or worse than the other at this point. I think that I think that it's just a matter of how uncomfortable it is. And I don't I think it's it's [music] got to be the in, you know, in the eye of the beholder. I don't think anybody can say what's cold or not cold to each person. [music] So that's kind of my after doing after feeling Sunday after feeling the intense minus5 dry cold. Um and then going to Orlando where it was 37 feels like 20. Still cold, right? But then I think I didn't get cold in Orlando immediately. I got cold after I'd been out in it longer. So anyway, yes, there's a lot of things to do indoors. I was wearing short sleeves one day because, you know, you're in the um you're in the building. So, >> so we were in the building the whole time. It was at Adelfi University. Nice place. Uh we stayed in a hotel in Westbury, if you know where that is. And then the um Adelfi is in Garden City, which is really nice. When I was a kid, they said we would have Florida weather up in Canada. Little did I know that Florida would get cold instead of us becoming warm. [laughter] Yeah, that's what happened. So, I will say this is one of the here in Florida, we've been below freezing uh in the morning. Not consistently. It warmed up today. We've been below freezing in the morning. What was it? Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday. I don't think we're going to hit freezing tomorrow morning. So, four days below freezing in a row is pretty crazy in Florida. Um, I don't think we went below freezing at all last year. At one point though, what was what day was it? Sunday. I was looking uh Saturday night and into Sunday. I was looking at the um at the uh iPhone, you know, Apple weather and it said the temperature was like 27 feels like or or you know 27 28 feels like 10 here in Orlando. That was crazy. I'd never seen anything like that. It was 27 feels like 10. I was up really late Saturday night. They had a big afterparty. Uh David was there for a little bit. Um, of course they had to drive back to New Jersey, but um, yeah, so there was like a 17 degree difference with the windchill. Damn cold gets into your bones. Dry cold stays superficial. Yeah, and that's the thing. I think I got used to the dry cold faster. I don't think you can get used to the wet cold because I think it keeps you wet. [music] And that's the problem. I think that's why up north we used to do that. We used to um I think we used to uh [music] be able to bundle up and as long as you're bundled up and all your skin is covered, you could stay outside sledding for hours. I think that's the difference. [music] >> I'm assuming you'll be in shorts the whole week if it's above 50. Rob says you might be. You might be. I will say my my body temperature my body temperature um like thermostat adjusted pretty quickly and I'm not cold right now. Um now it'll adjust back I think once the hot hits. But anyway, although I will say um it depends here if the wind's blowing. If the wind's blowing it feels so cold a lot of times. But either way um we're fine. We're going to be 70 tomorrow. So, it it's nice thing about here now. It's been cold a lot. But anyway, I'll stop talking about the weather. So, the festival, this Singstrong festival is amazing. Like I said, that the whole thing goes to Alzheimer's research and uh so obviously with mom uh mom's condition, it definitely is a is near and dear to our hearts and they they've raised so much money for Alzheimer's. I believe they've raised through the Singong f through the Singstrong festival over $300,000 for Alzheimer's research and it all goes directly to the research. It doesn't go to any of the overhead or any of the CEO salaries or any of the office costs or any whatever. It just goes straight to the research which is cool. Anyway, um I'm going to be sharing a video. I took several videos there and I'm going to be sharing a video with some highlights. It's going to get copyright claim. I don't care because it's for charity. I just want to make sure that it gets to be out there and gets known. Um because there's a lot of great stuff going on there. So definitely uh check out that website that MRA uh sent new york.stsrong.com. Is it do or.org? I think it's.com. Either way, if you're in the New York area, you should come to this festival next year. I'll be there. So you can come say hi to me and hang out, which would be fun. But more than that, come and support this amazing organization. They do some great work. Once we get back outside, I'll show you a couple clips from it. Um, David recorded Liam and I singing, so that'll be fun. We weren't singing by ourselves. We were in a group, but I've never sung ac cappella before, and I did. Okay. I did. Okay. What do we have here? Mal Magic Castle Selfie. Snack it up. That's fun. It is.org. Okay. I was going to say since it's a charity, it should be.org. But the talent on that stage is pretty insane. >> And ac capella is hard. I mean, you got to hold the pitch, you know, throughout a whole song when you you only get just a a quick little, you know, blow on the pitch pipe and then you go, "Hey, Finley, I love that. I saw that earlier." Finley said it was it was Shash. Skylliner merch over here. I have the shirt. I think Liam did awesome with temps coming from Florida. I live on Long Island and from Boston and it was cold enough that I hibernate at home most of the weekend. You guys been unreal. Yeah. No, it was it was legitimately cold when we walked from the hotel to the car and from the build. Like we weren't outside that much, but when we walked back and forth to the car and waited for the car to warm up, it was legitimately cold. Like the blow through you kind of like below zero cold. Um what was the other thing? Oh, Liam wanted to play in the snow. So he and his friends u played in the snow and um we were out there for probably 25 minutes maybe almost 30 and I was get I actually lost feeling in my hands for a little while. My gloves weren't thick enough and I kept having to take my gloves off to you know take pictures of course while they were doing the snow play. Um they made little snowman even though the snow when it's that cold the snow is not really as fun to play in cuz it's too hard you know it turns into ice. You guys that are from the north and I knew that from my time in the north too. The snow is really great when it's like just that perfect temperature. Between about 25 and 30 is the perfect temperature for snow. Um, and it just stays light and puffy. This is cool. I love this thing. Anyway, Liam did great. He was a little upset the very first time it hit him and I was like, "Buddy, you're going to be okay. This is all right. You're going to get warm." And then you know that feeling when your hands start throbbing after you warm up. He wasn't ready for that either, but he got he did fine. >> I never lived anywhere else. I want my Florida back. Nickp said, "Yeah." Anyway, sorry I'm talking a lot. I'm excited. I had a good time. >> Hey, Greg. Yeah. Congrats to Josh and Dana. Yeah, Dana's like chief creative officer, I think. >> What is this? Oh, it's like how fun. [music] Like a little a little chick Mickey, I guess, right? probably like an Easter Easter chicken. >> Yeah, it'll be warm soon. No, I'm not worried about it. Honestly, after feeling that this weekend, I'm like, I'm good. So, I get what you guys say coming from the north. I still I still don't really feel like I want to wear shorts right now, but like I'm not at all uncomfortable even outside even later when it's I think before I end the stream it'll be 40ome and I'm I'm going to be fine. Yes, you need packing snow. It needs to be just wet enough to pack, but not frozen together like giant ice giant ice balls. >> Hey, Amy. Yeah, be right back. No worries. So, I always love this room, by the way. These these uh murals are incredible. But it was a great trip. I was glad we got to do it. Um, surprisingly good deals on the flights. We did a JetBlue. I was very impressed with JetBlue. Great job, JetBlue. Everything was super awesome. Um, flight was smooth and um, the planes were nice. They had nice little entertainment centers and seats were comfortable and yeah, it was fine. Uh, and the flights I think for it was $150 round trip for per for each of us. So like 150 I think it was 300 for the two of us for the flight. though that's very very reasonable to go to New York and back and it was from Orlando to JFK which JFK is the closest to um um that part of Long Island. I looked at LaGuardia. LaGuardia was a little was would have been fine but it was a little further away from Adelfi. So uh JFK was legitimately at least according to Google Maps the closest. See I landed at JFK. If I I looked at Newark was a little bit cheaper, but I looked at Newark and uh it would have been like an hour and a half um in most of the traffic to get to um to get to where we needed to go. Also, New York people, I learned something. Ready? You're going to laugh at me probably, but I read online and we got an email from JetBlue that said um the terminal terminal 5 there at JFK was under construction. and all of JFK is under construction. So, the ride share picks up at a different location close to the Howard Beach uh airtra station. Uh I I knew I learned all this. I don't know much about JFK. I've only been there that this will be my second time this past week being there. But um either way, I basically [clears throat] was able to uh I thought, well, I looked at how much the Air Train was to ride to Howard Beach and I was like, okay, that's like $850 a person, so that's like $17. And then I and then I looked up what a cab fair would be. Chat GPT didn't know that that it definitely failed at that. I asked Chat GPT and I asked Google. Google failed too. And I said, "What would be a cab fair typically from uh like a Friday afternoon from JFK to this address um this hotel in Westbury?" And they were like, "Yeah, like 70 or 80 bucks." And I thought, "Okay, well, if the Uber or Lift is like 50 and the AirTrain 17, it's going to be close to that price anyway. So, I might as well just take the taxi." So, I took a taxi from JFK to Westbury. There was hardly any traffic. Like, there were a couple little slowdowns on some of the interchanges, but mostly the traffic was pretty good. At about it was about 2:00 Friday afternoon. I took a c I took a cab. Uh, as I watched the meter roll over $100 and we still had five miles left, I was a little worried. Yeah. It ended up being $130 for the cab ride. Um, okay. [laughter] So, I learned something. You don't take a cab to Long Island from anywhere. So, I learned this. Um, apparently Chat GBT didn't know that. I should have just asked real New York people. They would have told me. But, so on the way back, we took a lift. Get this. On the way back, we took a lift and it was $38. And then, luckily on the way back, they just drop you right at the departure area, but the train to Howard Beach uh station would have been way easier. So, yeah, I learned don't take a taxi. Taxi to Manhattan is fine. I've done that before. That's fine. I think the taxi to Manhattan from JFK was like $30 or something. Welcome to Long Island traffic. Yeah, but it wasn't bad. It wasn't even the traffic that did it cuz you think, oh, the cab was expensive cuz we were sitting in traffic and the meter was running. Not at all. So, anyway, no more taxis for me. Again, we did take a taxi to Manhattan from Newark and from JFK and those were fine. So, I learned something. So, the cab ride from JFK to Westbury was almost as expensive as my plane ticket, which is insane. Yeah. Don't take Yeah, don't take no meter cab. I mean, in the city it's fine, right? Cuz like if you're just in Manhattan going from one place to another, it's not bad. But yeah, I live in New Jersey. You're definitely better off flying to JFK to go to Long Island. Yep, [music] for sure. So, anyway, I just was Yeah, never take a taxi in Washington DC either. I I've learned this now. I know I I have received new information. >> Are they raising their rates since they've lost business? Well, they going to continue losing business if they're going to charge, think about it, $38 compared to $130. Almost $100 more for the exact same ride. Literally, my driver on lift took the exact same route to the airport that we took in the taxi. And it actually took longer in the lift because there was more traffic cuz there was a little accident we had to go around. Anyway, >> so now I know think an Uber ride from lower Manhattan to JFK is over 100 now. Oh, interesting. I did my I did my now this has been years ago but I guess it's probably gone up. I did my taxi from JFK to um right next I my hotel is right by United Nations. So it was like is that that's Midtown I think. Uh so anyway, so that was not too bad. I think that was like 30 or $35. But that was about 10 years ago. So anyway, well so many of you guys um live in that area. So, I for next year, we're going to really promote this and I would love for as many people as possible to come to Singong. You don't have to sing. Just come and watch some great music and support um support this uh awesome charity for Alzheimer's research. >> They pay like 300k for taxi medallions. Oh, wow. Now you and Liam have something funny to laugh at. Those are funny kind of memories you'll look back on and laugh. Yeah, for sure. No, Jenna's not on tonight. It's just me. So, um, so yeah, it was a great it was a great trip. I smell better to you. You know what? The lift we had um was kind of funny. For $38, we had a a guy picked us up in a Mercedes car, a very nice new one. So, I wasn't sure why that wasn't that didn't qualify as luxury, but maybe it's just maybe he just agreed to take it cuz it was a longer trip. But, um, I scheduled it. We were in a concert, but I knew I had to be at the airport um by 5 so we could get on the plane at 7:00. So, I scheduled the the cab or the lift at like 4 4:15 420 and um and it was just kind of funny because he shows up in a Mercedes and I was like, "Oh, well, all right then. That was way better." So, I we rode in a much nicer car for like $100 less almost. Why do vampires haunt Europe and not Africa? They bless the rains down in Africa. Oh, that's funny. I thought it was luxury, too, but they didn't charge us for that. It was nice. And now you know and knowing is half the battle. G I Joe. Yeah. In Nubis, that's a great comment. Hey Noel, are you h It says you're happy. That's awesome. Wait, am I happy? >> We're all happy. We can all be happy. >> It's a nice little area over here. >> I guess I haven't haven't said hello on Selfie yet. I've got my nice leather jacket on, but it's not not too um it's like I said, it's fine. It's not even really cold, but I just I brought it cuz I thought the Skylliner might be breezy, but feels great, actually. I I'll selfie with Prince Eric here. How's it going, buddy? Are you having a good day? You overlooking the uh the rest of the resort here? Yeah, that's cool. All right. Animal Tra Kingdom train closed February 23rd. Oh, yeah. on Dinosaur clothes Sunday. So, I know that went that was good >> or not good, but it was uh I know it was uh >> it went well. A lot of people enjoyed it. I didn't get to be there, but okay. I want to show you a couple things from while it's kind of quiet here from the uh from the a capella thing. This is a beatbox uh this is a beatbox group. They're called Spider Horse and their their emblem or their their logo is like literally a horse with eight legs. So, David saw this. I don't know if he's still watching, but um these guys are the world beatbox champions two years in a row, and they're incredible. I'll post this later as a longer video, but check this out. Let me turn the sound up so you can hear it. These guys were insane. I'll do it here because there's not a lot of people around, so I won't bother anybody. Here we go. Is >> that cool? Nice. Isn't that awesome? Like those guys were insane. And that was just vocals, you know? There's no extra like any kind of electronic going on there. Okay. Yeah, that awesome. Yeah, they were doing all that. That one guy was doing that click click click click. Hey, Billy. Billy Ray. Hello, King Triton. All that and we're still inventing AI. I know, right? We don't we don't need that. [laughter] No, I'm just AI is helpful for some things. the the things people can do with their voices astonishes me. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Let me see if I can find the videos David sent me of us singing really quick. I'll just show you a little preview of us singing and you'll see me boopping along cuz I can't stand still for any reason. Uh let's see here. We'll just start with the first song. Uh let me see if I can find it. There we go. So, this is Here we are. Okay, here's me. I'll show Liam in a minute, too. There I am. I'm behind the lady with the red hair. This is go your own way. >> [screaming] >> That was a base. >> Liam's right over there. >> I wish they'd put him in the front, but he was soprano, too. >> Here, I'll get to the chorus and then I'll turn it off. Anyway, here. Hold on. Let me let me fast forward. Let's see. Here we go. [screaming] >> Wasn't that fun? There you go. So, yeah, that was fun. Anyway, my part was that was my part. >> [laughter] >> So, it wasn't too hard, but it was still fun. And the fact that it was all ac capella, I think made it a little harder. Obviously, like I said, I I wouldn't have done well singing like the tenor part or something, but I did fine with the bass. I also can sing pretty low. We did um Don't You Forget About Me, and that arrangement had low D's and low C's, so I was like [laughter] B. So, that was fun. Anyway, enough about the trip. Let's get back to Disney. It was just it was a great trip, I guess, and I hope some of you will join us next year because more people need to see it. And um more people need to support the cause and our awesome friends who've been doing this since 2009. Um you know, I'd love to get them more support cuz they deserve it. And uh I mean, they've got they've got great support, don't get me wrong. We just want more people. Like they I think at one of the concerts they were over 500 people. So, did Steph join in the singing group? No. Uh, she wasn't able to go. She's still her asthma's been bothering her so much. She just didn't feel comfortable getting on a plane. She was afraid, you know, the oxygen and the pressure on the plane might bother her. So, she decided to stay home and that was fine. She took good care of tank while we were gone. And then she got a weekend to herself. So, I don't think it ended up being such a bad thing for her. Thanks, guys. Sounds like Jean Simmons is doing I Was Made for Loving You. He does the Doot D. It's all about the bass. That bass. That's right. I did enjoy singing the bass. It's fun just to kind of keep going. Like we did Golden, too. So, my part in Golden was like whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You know, it's just all that. It was just fun. It's fun to sing. I never said I was good at it, but I'm pretty good with pitch. I just I always feel like my tone quality is not great. Like I don't have like a I don't have like a distinctive like soloist voice. I don't think I do well with solos. That's not my that's not my thing and that's okay. Like I'm okay with that. But I don't think Let's go out here. This will be fun. So anyway, but I'm happy to do what I can for ensemble stuff. All right, enough. Sorry. Had a good weekend. So let's see what else can we talk about. Got some cool stuff coming up. Uh this Friday, Jen and I haven't decided where we're going to go yet, so we will talk about that soon. And then um Saturday, I'm going to be live in the morning because uh our our same friends who is Liam's best friend um he um he has um his birthday celebration this weekend. So, we're going to we're going to go and and spend time with everybody for that in the evening on Saturday. And so, uh I will be live Saturday morning. Love the singing snippet. Just joining. Can you give a temp read down there? Freezing in Jersey. Well, I was just in Long Island, so yes, I totally understand. It was freezing there. Right now it's 54. Feels like Feels like 54. Feels like 51. It's not bad. Yes, I did speak about Josh CEO. I did. No, Robert, we didn't get to really try out any interesting places. We were only I pretty much took the took the cab to um Westbury to um you know do the festival and I was there at Adelfia Adel not Adelfia Adelfi University and um that's it. So we ate at their food court. We also ate at the hotel. It was a Courtyard Marriott there. Uh and it was it was nice. Um but no I I will say when we went back to JFK we did get some really good I I wouldn't say that it's like actual like authentic New York pizza. was pretty close, I think. I think it was pretty close. Good New York pizza there. Um, at JFK Artichokes was the name of the place. I thought that was pretty good. Again, I'm not saying it's the best New York pizza. Don't Don't come at me. [laughter] Don't come for me. But yeah, good stuff. Saturday morning, maybe AK. I could actually. I could. Yeah, my brain wants to go to Magic, but AK would probably be the better choice. I just I don't The thing is I don't want to get there. The problem with AK in the morning, too, is I don't want to get there at 8:00 and it opens at like 7:30 and so everything will be so crowded by the time I get there. So, yeah. Uh, loving the new ride 24/7 stream helping my knee replacement. Oh, that's awesome. Well, I haven't started the riding 24/7 stream yet, but I I will uh I I will work on that. I have a few other things I need to do first. And I also have a cruise video I need to get out. So, uh, a little behind. And honestly, I have had for a little while a little bit of a lack of motivation to do anything on the channel just because I just needed a break. Um, but I figured out some things today. And, you know, I think I I don't know. I feel better about it. I think we're I think we're on the right track here. And I think we're going to be able I I've got some ideas that'll put us on the right track. Hey, Dapper Canuck. Robert could show me some places. Nice. I would take 54 here. I'm Oh, absolutely. When I was like, like I said, when we got back here to Florida, I was like, "And it's warmer." Like, even though when I when I we landed here, it was 37. Uh, still I was like, "Nope, it's warmer." Now, having said that, last Tuesday I was freezing when we were in the 40s. And the reason because I was riding a golf cart, you know, so obviously it's kind of like riding a motorcycle. Like you just said, the wind blowing on you. It's It's hard. Uh, okay. $10 from Priscilla. These live chats bring so much joy in difficult times. Thank you for using your God-given count talents to bring so much peace in our busy and hard schedules and work weeks. Thanks, Priscilla. I half the time, I mean, I'm out of practice now, right, a little bit, but half the time I just feel like I talk too much and I blabber and, you know, people get annoyed, but I guess there's almost 2,000 people watching, so it must not be that bad. But thank you, Priscilla. I appreciate that. Did you get the artich choke dip slice? I didn't. No, we just got pepperoni because we were just feeling like pepperoni. Love the smell of AK in the morning. Yes, I did see that on Facebook. Somebody posted that Dr. Seeker, the actor that played him, came to say goodbye. That's pretty cool. That's awesome. Resort TV is part of my weekly schedule. Nice. I don't know. I wanted probably I'll do President's Day weekend and all day stream. I do. I remember that too, James. When you were over you over across the pond, literally across the pond at Pop Century, you could see this over here and it was just abandoned empty buildings. And now you can walk over here. Mid50s here. Wait, that is that actually mid-50s or is it actually like cuz you're in northern Canada, right? Or is it like mid minus50s? [laughter] Uh interested in becoming a mopper. Oh, as far as moppers go, I think we're good for right now. But if you're interested, the biggest thing to do is just be a part of the community and be a part of the streams. I can't promise anything, but we just look for people who are responsible, active in the chat, people know you. Um, and the biggest thing about being a mopper is that less is more. We I think a lot of people think when you become a moderator, and our moppers know this and do a good job with it, that it's not a competition to see who can delete the most messages. It's actually being judicious enough to figure out judicious I can talk, I promise. to say which chats need to be deleted and which ones don't and to leave most of them. The idea is to leave most of the chats and only delete the very few that that break the rules and go over the line. Uh cuz I think there are people that moderated and have have moderated for us before and people that have moderated for other channels that think that like oh let me see if I can be the one to delete the most messages and it's like no no that's not it. So our moppers now do a good job of it. A thanks guys. No, we love hearing you. I love that. It's like story time for adults. Prop Patriot. I love that. I like chat better than silence. Okay. Very talented. I Well, you know. Oh, it's actually 50 there. Wow. You guys had a heat wave. Are you guys swimming today or what? Like, it's the same temperature in northern Canada as it is here. That's weird. We're back into 70s. Really? Wow. 24 year in NYC. I can't imagine life without these live streams. I can't remember the last time I missed one. Thanks, Jenlin. I appreciate that. You know, 24 would have been a heat wave from what we had. We never we never broke the whole time we were in in New York. We never broke 20. Never went above 20. Oh, that's weird. Okay. Oh, hey David. Am I doing an all day stream? You can. Yeah, David's going to be down next weekend. Yes, that account does have a profile picture of my wife. That is weird. Can you like not do that? I don't know if that's a troll thing or what, but anyway, please like if you want to troll me, like try harder, honestly, and leave my wife out of it. Like that's not I I see it now, Amara, if that's what you're going to email me about, but please go ahead. But yeah, anyway, like why I don't know why you would put a picture of my wife in your thumbnail and I don't usually address this junk on live streams, but like that's my wife. That's my family. And like if you're trying to make fun of you make fun of her in some way, you are a not good person. Or at the very least, it's just weird. So, enough said. Yep. I scrolled back. It was a picture of her. I guess if your goal was to make me mad, congratulations. But like whatever. Like seriously, like if that's your goal in life, like what a small person you are. It's just Well, we might as well stop talking about it because that's what they want. That's a mentally deranged, sick person. That's what they want. So Oh, he does the same. Okay, we'll just perma banan them then. Yeah, moppers already did it. Just get rid of them. Okay. Like again, I can I'll just finish with this and this is just for anybody out there who thinks they're a troll, who thinks they can figure out, you know, whatever. I've gotten pretty good about whatever you say about me, I don't care. Like, somebody tried to troll me a couple weeks ago and I'm not even going to say about what on the stream and they made several messages about it and they kept trying and trying and I ignored it and I'm getting better about it. But when you say stuff about my family, it is much different and I feel the need to defend. So, and I don't think anybody would blame me for that. So, with that being said, you know, say whatever you want about me. You'll probably be blocked, but leave my family out of it. I guarantee you would never say that to my face. I guarantee you wouldn't. So, just don't. And enough said. This is pretty though. Yeah, Long Island trolled me. Only having Pepsi is an option. Yeah, for sure. It was weird. Everywhere we went, there was no Coke. It was very strange. Even the airport. And usually the airports have both. All right, we're going to take the uh I don't think we're going to head to Pop this time. We We spent a long time at Art. Actually, let's go. Actually, let's go into Pop really quick just to check the store cuz there was some cool Skylliner merch in there last time. That's because you're a good husband and father. And sorry you have to deal with this stuff. No, it we have a lot of people following us. It's it's it's reasonable to think that there's going to be a few bad apples in the bunch, but it's very few, so that's fine. Just so you know, every time you're live in the winter, you warm us up here up north. And now you know why. I sure do. It's been, like I said, I haven't I haven't been up to Indiana uh since 2013. And when we went up to New York to visit our friends up there, same friends, it was summer, so it was warm. So, >> no. So, the Skyliner actually just went down for reverb and it's back now. >> You know, you made it when you have trolls. You know what the best part about the trolling thing is? Is that if I actually do get upset about it like I just did, then the a bunch more people come on the stream, somebody's like, "Hey, Josh is getting mad." [laughter] I'm assuming that what's that's what happens. So, thanks for the uh thanks for the extra views and live stream revenue. I appreciate it. Like, I'm assuming there's some kind of a troll beacon call or something. >> Anyway, that's enough attention. I That was actually more of a joke than anything else, but I do appreciate the extra the extra people online. So, yes, I'm excited about Josh tomorrow as the new CEO. The maximum of the Skyline runs. I actually don't know that. I used to. I thought it was like No, cuz see I was going to say like 20 m hour. That seems too low. 87 in Disneyland. Really? Wow. That's nice and warm. There's a periodic troll meeting in the parents basement. Does the mom bring down the juice boxes? That's funny. Carbo box. Hey, Johnny. >> I like how people decorate their doors and things here. >> Hey, thanks, Don. No juice boxes, but fruit roll ups and ring pops. All you in summer weather, I hate you right now. Not really. I'm just tired of cold. I know. Mom, cancel the juke box. Juice boxes. I know, right? Temperature. Uh, it's 54 right now. What happened to the crew you used to work with at Disneyland? Um, we're still friends. We talked to them very often. In fact, I I hung out with Andrew um a couple weeks ago when he was here. So, um, so with his family, so they're still doing great. It's just that, um, they're all super busy. Andrew's been super busy with his with his job. Um, and Brit as well. And Brit and Crystal don't have, uh, Disneyland passes anymore just cuz it it got to be too much. So, um, you know, so Brit does want to stream again if he can, you know, if he can, you know, find a a ticket or something. Uh, you know, he's going to he's going to do that. Or maybe, you know, he's got cast member friends, so whatever. he's going to find a ticket and stream at some point. Um, but yeah, they're they're just not able to get into the parks as much right now, but they they're still very much part of the channel and they're still really good friends. >> Yeah, Josh seems like a great >> Let's try it again. >> Josh seems like a great pick for the CEO for sure. >> Let's try it again. I could go for a good juice box, but I'm not trolling anyone. Hey, you don't have to troll anybody to get a juice box. I mean, we'll we'll we'll hook you up. >> Oh, thanks, Matthew. >> Oh, John Pierro, don't worry about it. It was just something silly. Where's the meatloaf? A [laughter] it's 50 54 here in Oxford AI. What is it? Wait. Oh, AL Alaska. Is that okay? I'm going to seem I'm going to seem silly right now. Alaska's AL, right? Yeah, that makes sense. I'm sorry. >> Sometimes my brain just like forgets that stuff when I don't use it. >> All right, let's um >> head in here for just a second. Free juice boxes. I know, right? No, David, I don't think I can do a ride challenge, but maybe just all day stream. Hi. Very beautiful. >> Oh, that's awesome. >> You guys are [music] awesome. >> Thank you. >> I watch you guys all the time. You watch every Friday. >> Oh, awesome. >> You understand? [music] >> You know how your mom watches them every Friday night. >> This is [music] huge fan of you guys. >> Thank you. >> So, [music] >> where you guys from? >> Michigan. >> Okay. I'm like so big. >> Oh, that's awesome. >> What's your name? [music] >> Terra. >> Tara. >> Matt and Maverick. >> Maverick. >> Very cool. From Michigan. Yes, >> sir. >> Oh, okay. Alabama. Sorry. I I forgot my state abbreviations. We're talking about temperatures in different states. >> I know. Yes. We left the >> We have like two windchills in Michigan. So, >> you know, I went to New York this past weekend and we had minus 5 windchills and I remember what that's like and I was like, doesn't feel so bad here anymore. So, it's really nice to meet you. >> It's nice to meet you, too. So, I thank you for watching. >> Yeah, it's an honor because I appreciate you guys always being family friendly. [music] >> I appreciate your just always being kind to everybody, everybody you meet. And I appreciate your hard to be authentic and not being like your non-negotiables of just making sure it's always family friendly, always being kind to everybody, and like everybody you talk to, everybody says the same thing. It's true. We are the nicest people, the true blue. So, >> thank you. >> It's a huge honor to >> Oh, I appreciate that. >> Did you guys want to say hi on the live stream? >> Sure. >> Hello, everybody. It's an honor to meet Josh and hello to Jenna. We're here tonight. We traveled in today. So, hello. >> Well, welcome. You got the suitcases and the car seat and everything ready to go. >> Yes. [laughter] >> Official tourists. >> Yes, we are. >> Oh, no. Hey, I I've been there. I remember when we had the stroller and the car seat. We got it all in the whole thing. And I wondered the first time my wife and I took Liam when he was really little. I I didn't know how we were going to make it through. I was like, we need to hire somebody just to carry the stuff, [laughter] but we made it. So, well, welcome guys and thank you for watching. >> Great to meet you. >> You guys have a good rest of your trip. >> Thank you. >> Bye. >> Hi. >> He's going to dance. It sounds like loves this music. It sounds like >> good taste. Yeah, it's good music now. We We might get a hit on it, but we'll I can I can fix it later. No problem. Oh, it's the same Skylander merch. Okay, cool. Well, at least we checked. Hey, USC Greg. Uh, so yeah. Did I get the I'm I'm I'm ignorant. Al is Alabama. AK is Alaska. AZ is Arizona. A R is Arkansas. Got it. AK is Alaska. Alaska. Serge Mickey. Hello. I think they're all the same here. That's cool. Alabama's AL. Yep. Yep. Sorry, I messed up. I was like, this 54 in Alaska now. We have been colder than Alaska a few times, but not not not frequently. All right, that's kind of all I wanted to do. I just wanted to show the Skylander merch. Although, this uh this is cool. The little pop old school baseball tea. Did I name the shirt correctly? I sure did. Faded '8s look. That's kind of cool, actually. Oh, thanks, Dabber. I've got to write some OT goes for OT goals for an IEP. If you're bored and want to write them. Oh, yeah. Right. I don't know anything about that. I mean, I do, but I I never wrote the IEPs. Let's put it that way. I'm not trained to write an IEP. I just signed them. I got to follow it, but I'm not trained to um to write them. This is the Pop Spirit jersey. Yeah. Here. Hold on. Oh, it's o over here. Have a nice day. How fun. These are probably not new, but I like I like the retro. Oh, look at this. How fun. >> I love that. >> Oh, Evelyn, for sure. We love keeping the chat familyfriendly. I hated to have to go on a rant earlier, but I felt like, you know, I don't know. I just felt like if it's kind of like when I defended Jenna against the guy that was rude to her. It's like regardless of what anybody thinks, at the end of the day, I'm accountable to basically only a few people. I'm first accountable to God and second I'm accountable accountable to my family. And I think that's obviously then of course I'm accountable all of you as well to keep things family friendly. But I feel like it's got to be in that order. It's got to be God. It's got to be family. And so I feel like if I don't defend the family, I feel like [music] I'm I don't have anything. So that's how I feel about that. But yeah, I love I I don't think we ever had the actual phone, but um Greg is saying he had one. That's cool, man. Very cool. So anyway, Southwest [music] at least Southwest has like real seats now. You can actually like get in a uh a real seat at the end of the day. You're right in both. Well, thanks. Don't I'm watching. You're so >> Oh, thank you. You're welcome. Oh, awesome. [music] That's right. We have the people in the circle. We don't mess with the circle. You got a Swatch phone? That's amazing. I never had a Swatch watch. I know a lot of people did. That's right, Dave. God family works. There you go. I love this. I love these Fast and Furious. Like, it's co again, it's a modern tech with the giant, you know, 4K screens and stuff. I think that's I'll say this every time, but I think it's cool that they still make all this stuff because, you know, at the end of the day, you you can't like you can't replicate this with a phone, right? I mean, yeah, this phone can play a lot of these type of games, but you can't replicate this with a phone. You just can't. You can't replicate this with a console. You can't replicate this with, you know, a computer. >> Oh, thanks, Steamp Junkie. Well, I think we're good. But I think it was just like I said, just a little trolling. No problem. But I just wanted to clarify that that I was like I hate doing that kind of stuff, but honestly it it is needed. Thanks, Lynn. [music] I used to wear four to five swatches at a time. You for Kentucky. You sure it wasn't six or seven? >> I'm just checking. [laughter] No, but I know a lot of people did used to do that. Got them. [laughter] I think the African's one of the ones that usually six7s me. Case of Mexican Coke in a dozen bags at Taste Chocolate Chip cookies. Yes, David. I was so hungry like at at a break time for one of the uh for one of the uh at the show on Sunday. I I may or may not have eaten most of that bag of cookies like just while I was standing there waiting. Thanks, Tasa family. This is where we always stay. I don't understand paying so much at the other resorts. We all end up at the same parks, you know. I agree. I think it's cool. And I think it's Here's what I think. I think it's cool that there are options because I mean, these poor lifeguards, they've got to be kind of bored. >> Well, maybe that's not a bad thing. I don't know. But yeah, to to to answer your comment for sure, I agree. Uh I think it's good that there's options. I think it's good like a lot of people have said this. If you're if you don't need more room than just, you know, these only these only sleep four people, but if you don't need more room than that, um they may have suites here, too. I think they do have some suites, don't they? No. Either way, if you don't need more than just this, you know, kind of room, these are nice rooms. They're fine. They're nice, right? And and Allstar is great, too. There's nothing wrong with Allstar at all. Um you're still at Disney World and they're still amazing places. I think it's good that they have options. Some people want that luxury experience and they can afford it and that's kind of like, you know, good for them. But some people, you know, some people just want a a nice, clean, safe place to stay and this and the Allstars are that. And I have great memories at the All-Star. Great memories here at Pop Century. There's literally nothing wrong with staying at these. It's not a downgrade. It's not a step down. It's Disney World for crying out loud. Look at this place. It's Look at this stuff. Isn't it neat? Right. It is incredible. And so, sorry. And so is the uh so is the All-Star. You know, they're all amazing. So, you get all basically all the same amenities and you get great transportation, you get the bus transport, you get everything. Um, you just save some money. So, I think it's great. Plus the fact that a lot of people, if you're the one the kind of family that hits the parks really hard, you're only in your room to sleep anyway, maybe take a nap. So you don't necessarily need all that. Now if you want to take a more relaxed vacation and be a little more luxurious, then I think okay, if you can swing a Poly or a Grand Flidian, I think those are great choices. But the point is there are options for everybody. And I think that well I know it's still expensive, but there are options for at least a larger variety of people. So I I can't say everybody and I would include myself in, you know, not necessarily being able to always afford to stay at at anything, right? So I totally understand that. But I think at least it it these these more value resorts hit allow more people to be able to stay. So that's kind of my spiel and idea about like staying at resorts. Pick the resort that fits you the best. And don't ever think that it's a downgrade to stay at a value resort. It's certainly not. A value resort is just that. It's a value. And that is not a bad thing. Cocoa Beach or Melbourne Beach? I don't haven't been to Melbourne that much. I like Cocoa Beach. 67 617 or the other. Yeah. >> Ripoff is a two-player cooperative game from the 70s is probably on your arcade machine. Oh, that's fun. We can check it out. Completely acceptable. We may have to try all the different types next weekend. Nice. Uh Theo became a member. Thanks, Theo. I did eat six or seven cookies. >> Still remember Theo. Thank you. Yeah, different people are looking for different things in hotels. And that's right. And again, it's not wrong if anybody says, "Hey, I want a luxurious hotel. I want to stay at the best resort. There is nothing wrong with that. That's fantastic. Enjoy." Right? Maybe, and maybe it's not even like, maybe it's not even a super wealthy person. Maybe it's a family that saved up and says, "Hey, we've always dreamed of this. We're going to do it. We've saved. We've worked hard. Great. Enjoy it. But if you're like, I want to take the trip and I'm only going to sleep. Take the Value Resort and be happy. Be proud. You know, you're an Allstar. We're considering staying at some of the other resorts to spend more time exploring outside the parks. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Allstar, a great value. Pop Century, a great value. I mean, I'm at Pop Century right now, but they're they're all a great value. Naps, plural. Hey, no judgment. You're on vacation. Take your naps. >> Uh, and hear what you're saying, but don't you have a favorite resort? Yeah, my favorite resort is Polly, right? So, like, with all that said, if money's no object, then yeah, sure, I stay at Polly, right? If if you know if Disney says, "Hey, you can stay at a resort for free." Which one are you picking? I'm picking Polly. If money is not a thing, but most of the time money is a thing, right? So like 99.9% of the time. So yeah, I think that's why it's good to have these options. Yeah, it's called value. Getting the most out of your money. Absolutely. Drury is always amazing. I'd find the cheapest place just to sleep and enjoy the parks. We're We're the family who hates the parks hard and stay at Saratoga. I felt we wasted a deluxe trip by being at the parks too much. Well, there you go. Yeah, it's hard. It's so hard because there's so much to do. Something about walking around Disney at night, especially when it's 30° here in PA. Stresses of life. Yeah, for sure. Well, it was 30° here this morning. It warmed up 35° today or more. Actually, more than that. Well, okay. So, we started this morning. I think my my phone said 29 or 28 this morning here. Um and then we ended up at like 67. So, uh yeah, like 39° I guess. Cheers to Josh tomorrow for becoming the new CEO. Sorry, I'm way behind. Uh Kayla Alberg or Aberg. Uh 199. What's the closest room to the Skyliner? Oh, interesting. I don't know. Uh, probably the closest actual room. Here's the Skyliner. I'm going to say it's not art art. It would not be Art of Animation. It's It's definitely going to be um the uh it's definitely going to be one of these rooms on the end. So, one of these one of these buildings right here in the end of um Pop, although it could be close to the same. I'd say it's either one of these two end buildings or it does look like Art is further away. Yep, it's going to be those two and pop over there. So, there you go. Those are the closest rooms. >> I don't know the numbers. Like, I don't I'm not going to go back and look at the numbers, but yeah, basically those are going to be the closest. >> One of those are more expensive. >> Oh, I like the older Disney resorts cuz 70s and 80s for sure. Yes, please. >> Thank you. Okay, here we go. Yep. Congrats to Josh tomorrow. Pretty cool. By the way, Liam and I did get to go ride um Dinosaur. I think we talked about that on Tuesday. He did really well with it and I have some video that I'll post eventually. Although I only got to ride it once with the main camcord with the main Sony camera and it kind of [music] it kind of uh we had some focus issues. That was kind of frustrating. But I think I can put it together and make it work. I think we can do it. Welcome aboard the Disney Skyliner at Disney's Pop Century Resort and Disney's Art of Animation Resort. We are on our way to Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort with connecting flights to Disney's Hollywood Studios and Epcot International Gateway. We are now gliding over Hourglass Lake. Please sit back, relax, and enjoy the most magical flight on Earth. In just a few moments, we will be arriving at Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort. All passengers must disembark or transfer at this station. We hope you enjoyed your journey and thank you for flying the Disney Skyliner. Please remain seated until The doors automatically open. When exiting the cabin, please supervise children, collect your belongings, and watch your step. Thank you for flying with us. [music] All right, I need to I need to make a note really quick. >> Let's see. February >> 3s value resorts. There we go. I'm going to be doing more live stream clips, I think, because there's just so much, you know, what I consider to be good material in our live streams that I think that we need to make sure that's accessible for people. So, you're going to be seeing me post a few more live stream clips here and there. So, I thought our discussion about the uh value versus deluxe resorts is good, you know, stuff like that. I just think it's good to like have that stuff out there. So, I'm probably going to be posting a few things here and there with with clips. So, we'll see. There's something new I want to try. Yes, there's a separate line for ECVS to get on the Skyliner and uh and they they stop they either take you on a separate little uh boarding area or Ooh, I see damage on these. This must not these must have not gotten covered. Well, uh there's frost damage here. they'll replant. But yeah, we're going to definitely see some frosting on. Disney did a pretty good job of covering things. But you can also see where the grass died there, too. Either way, what I was going back to about ECVs, um, this now this Epcot line, they have to actually stop to load an ECV. Um, because there's no the way it's the way it's made, um, the one at Riviera has to that you have to stop cuz there's no there's no extra line for that. There's no place where [music] it can just be pulled off to the side. Whereas on the other lines, there's a little side a side side track basically and you you load on an ECV, a wheelchair or anything like that and then you um and then you join the main line. So it's pretty cool actually. It works really well and your whole family, you know, can go with you, of course. Wow, Mary, that's pretty rough. Cabins are our favorite. Oh, I love the cabins, too. We got to do that last Tuesday. We're there with Dee and her family and Jerry and the the kids and and we got to you got to go see one of the captains there. Oh, super chat from Kayla. Yes, can you do a tour of Caribbean Beach 199? Thank you so much for the super chat. And yes, we can do that. In fact, they got cookies. I'm going to have one. David, you can eat the cookies. It's okay. [laughter] Also, I'm going to go eat the cookies. It's okay. when you live streamed last week at Fort Wilderness, I really enjoyed it. It's not something you guys have done that I'm aware of. Oh, we've done it a lot. Um, but I love I love doing it. But we do we do a um we do a big um streams and stuff every year. Oh, these died, too. We had some plants die too that we forgot to cover. You just can't cover everything, unfortunately. But yeah, see these these tropical plants don't do well in the cold. Oh, are we good? All right, you guys. Clear your cookies. Okay, good. No pirate rooms at Caribbean. Caribbean Beach. Hello, Daddy and Disney. We had a little glitch in the Matrix there. That's pretty. All right. Well, thanks for watching tonight, guys. And yeah, go back and watch the Fort Wilderness one from last week. There wasn't as many people watching that one, so I think you'll you'll enjoy it if you go to watch it. I know there was a lot going on, so I get that. But yeah, go back and watch. I think the Skyliner station is actually really pretty. I think they did a nice job with it. Uh how cold is it right now? It's not bad. I mean, you know, it's not it's not swimming weather, but um let's see. What do we have here? Hold on. 51 feels like 49. So, not bad. Like you want a jacket, but it's not uncomfortable. Age of Retro, congrats on 27 months of Resort Hopper Bronze. These streams are helpful during this time of the year. We'll be there in 13 days. Hope to run into you guys while we are there. Thanks, Age of Retro. Did you stay to see the fireworks after the battery died? No, I went home cuz I was just tired and I needed to be ready for school the next day. And uh turned out that they were in fact at 9:30 and Dee said they went for half an hour almost or at least it seemed like to her that they went that long. So yeah, I don't know. >> No, 51's not too bad. Especially compared to like I said just a couple days ago it was it was like five when I was up in in uh in New York and then even like Sunday morning here was 24 feels like 10 or something. I think they got into the single-digit windchills here, like nine. I think they finally hit at one point with the windchill, which is unreal. [sighs] Yeah. Thank you for being a uh live stream member for 27 Days Age of Retro. That's awesome. We do hope to see you when you're here. It's only 77 in Phoenix. Gosh, you guys cold? [laughter] The Phoenix people are putting their coats on. It's 77. Uh the phone. Yes. Why it wasn't charging? Yeah. So, it's just when it gets cold, uh like it was last week. Um it was cold enough last week that the phone the battery is unstable below 20% with with with low power. I think that's where the battery can't I don't know how batteries really work completely, but I think the chemicals are not as stable. Um lithium ion or whatever it is, the reactions are not as stable at a cold cold temperature. That's why EVs, uh, electric vehicles don't get as many miles when it's cold. I think they say they actually lose like 20% of their range sometimes when it's super cold. So, I think that's what happened to this battery. And it was showing 20%, but it really didn't have 20%. It was more like it was lower. It just didn't know how to measure it, 57 in Texas, North Texas. See, it's funny. We're colder here. Wes said the real feel was seven in Orlando on Monday and Tuesday morning. You know, I'll believe it. Yesterday morning was pretty cold. Um, yeah, the real feel was 7. That's crazy. It's got to be a record. We're close to it. -2° where I'm from, that's not windchill. Yeah, the coldest it got in New York while we were there was two. Greetings from CA. I'm sure it's been discussed before, but yeah, happy um happy about Josh Dear being CEO. Me, too. I think it's going to be great. is it bad when I open up the weather channel and it says don't ask. I know. I know, right? Ion transfer and internal resistance of lithium batteries is affected by temperature. See, I knew somebody would know what was what it was. My my non-technical was the temperature makes the doohickey not work right. >> [laughter] >> But yeah, no, it's it's a I knew that that was a thing. Um, hold on. I'm going to look and see what it is where we were in New York. Uh, let's see. 23 in New York City right now. That's warmer than it's been. Feels like 19. It's like a heat wave, man. Compared to what it had been. Like I said, we never broke 20 while we were there. Debbie, I hope you guys have a great trip. The flex capacitor isn't flexing. >> That's snow tires. The heater on. It's a 50% loss on an EV. Oh, for sure. Well, yeah. And I don't think EVs are meant to have snow tires on, are they? I mean, maybe. I guess you can, but yeah, that would definitely lose power for sure. I think extreme cold is not a place where EVs are ever going to really thrive. I'm not saying they're not useful. I think they're useful for a lot of things. I think it's just I don't think it's ever going to completely take over gas until they figure out a technology that's not affected as much by temperature. And charging can be faster. If I I don't even think this is physically possible, but if you can get it to where a charge a a full charge or even 80% charge, it'll last about as long as a trip to the gas station for a gas car, I think then you can you can say that it could totally replace it. Josh said it was the right choice. His business sense and the creative approach, that's what you need to be e CEO of Disney. Yeah, for sure. David said the coldest was two. Okay, I [clears throat] knew it was around that area. Hey, one, two, six, seven. You know, it's whatever. Okay. This is a great resort. Carrie Beach is a beautiful resort. It's something that there's something for everybody. And it's a it's moderate, but it's got the Skyliner. It's a little bit bigger room than um you know you'd get at a value resort. So you can kind of like it's that nice middle ground you can hit with resorts. Oh, no worries. I love purple roses. That's all good. Sodium ion batteries work really well in cold temperatures, but capacity is on the low side. Cold doesn't impact my ability to eat a carrot. Casey's hot dog. Yeah. electric vehicles really make no sense because you need a power source to charge the battery. So, you're just providing a barrier. Well, I don't think that's that. I think the I think there's a lot of benefits way beyond that, right? Because you're you know, you're the nice thing is you're able to keep it charged. So, like nobody goes to the gas station every day. So, you've got like a full battery, you know, every time you put the car in the house. It also ends up being cheaper over time, you know. And again, I'm not obviously I'm not I'm not an expert on the thing. So, I'm not going to argue the pollution benefits as far as power plants, power plants versus gas engines. I mean, I don't I'm not a scientist, so I can't tell you what that is, but I think there's a use case for them. It might not be for you. It might not be for anybody, anybody, you know, but I think it is for somebody. And I think well, obviously, because I think that's why they have them, right? Um, but but I don't I think they I mean it makes sense in the same way that your phone charges. It's not it's not that much different. It's just a lot more power. So, you're storing the power in a battery just like you are in a phone or a laptop. It's just a lot bigger battery and a lot more power. It's also a great alternative considering that, you know, gas isn't going to last forever. So that's a that's a nice thing to have an alternative. Is it perfect? Absolutely not. But I think it is it does have a use case for sure. I don't have one yet. They don't it doesn't make sense for me yet. But eventually it will. And um I commute 20 m to school every day. I could do that much cheaper in that type of a car. >> Stop it. Once solid state batteries become more practical, cold weather won't matter. Range will be equivalent. Charging times will be Oh, there you go. So, they're they're working on it. They're they're cooking. They're cooking. Solar battery with combustion engine and regenerative braking. Well, there you go. See, you can do that. Still trying to figure out how Eugene was able to sound like the irrew of the Chinese violin. I know, right? Many technical procedures were invented with the phrase doohickey. I know, right? This is beautiful. That's pretty cool, Theo, about solid state batteries. Plug-in hybrids are a nice middle ground. I I actually completely agree with that, Dan. And I I actually would look getting like something like that. Um because I think then you you have the best of both worlds. You can take a trip on your favorite rocket ship. No, I'm just kidding. You can take a trip um and you can um and you can keep uh like you can keep using the gas if you want to take your trip, but you can also do the um you can also do the daily drive with the EV, too. hydrogen. We'll see. Yeah, way smarter people than me are working on this stuff, so that's nice. I have a hybrid. Love it. Yeah, I did have um I did have a Prius. It was an older one, though, so I didn't really like it that much. They I think the biggest the biggest mistake that Toyota made on that was not the actual concept. The concept is cool. The cars are just not cool. Like they're better now. They made it look better for sure, but they really messed up the whole image of Prius with the fact that it just looks so dorky. Uh and that's not a a slam on anybody who has a Prius. Like they're great for fuel economy, but I doubt very many people said, "Oh boy, the older versions of them. Oh boy, that look that's a great looking car." Like maybe some people, I guess, but like I think that was what Tesla got right from the beginning. Obviously hybrids and EVs are different, but like they made the cars look cool and it's like, "Oh, I actually might want one of those." So anyway, probably enough about cars, but I just I thought that was interesting. That's true, Paul. Yeah, they do have some heaters there. Of course, that takes power, too. But yeah, again, there's no perfect solution as as uh as Ellen said there or as Bill Nye says, there are no easy answers. >> Yeah, the original vault wasn't bad for sure. But even Toyota admitted that they admitted they made a mistake with that on the Prius and they try to rectify it. My one of my friends has a newer one and it they do they look much better. So all right, I think it's time for a cookie. Oh my gosh, we're about to get funky. We got the uh the Casper slide going over here. doing this. >> The old Camaros are great. The '8s ones look so cool. My neighbor had a 70s Camaro. Those are They look cool, but they're That's not my That's not quite my cup of tea. I actually, of course, I grew up in the 80s, so the old T-top Camaros, man, those things are cool. Every once in a while, you'll see one around, but most of them are gone. There aren't very many that have been saved from the from the wrecking from the from the junkyard, I should say. Not the wrecking ball. It's not a building. [laughter] >> I saw a picture on the uh um Adam the Woos uh Facebook page of a uh family truckster. Somebody had the old family truckster all done up like that. If anybody follows Adam's um well the Facebook page dedicated to him. Um he um he always loved of course um the uh National Lampoons and all the old movies and stuff just like I do and he um he definitely uh would have appreciated the family truckster. Just bought a Tesla. Nicest car I ever own. Charging is no problem as long as you keep the battery warm in cold weather range doesn't suffer. There you go. >> Too far. >> Is Disney going to change the smoking rules? I wouldn't think so. Get me a Firebird. Those are cool, too. Firebirds, T-Irds, they're all good. A Trans Am. That's another one. Trans Am. Those were super cool. It is kind of sad that Pontiac is isn't a thing anymore and hasn't been for a while. They made some cool cars. Trans Am Fiero, Firebirds, Grand Dams. Like, they just made some cool stuff. >> Slice of $25 cake. Yeah, why not? I'm not that hungry. Anyway, that family truckster thing was cool. I probably I I probably couldn't find it now if I wanted to. >> One hop this time. Right foot, two stomps. Left foot, two stomps. Slide to the right. Slide to the left. So, here is the pool with nobody in it. Enjoy the Fiero. Yeah, that is one of the cars that only looks cool. Oh, that's awesome, Sean. Oh, the iRock. Those were fun, too. Cavaliers, you know, were not like the best car, but they were economical little thing. >> Yeah, the Sunfire. I do remember Sunfire. I don't think the Sunfire was ever as cool as the Camaro, but the Sunfire, you know, that was all right. I jumped three times. Freeze. I could have definitely froze this weekend. Freeze. Remember that song we did the uh when they did the uh Christmas Christmas parade taping and they had uh Black Eyed Peas. They had that song. Freeze. Froze. Freeze. Froze. Thought Orlando was going to get a foot of snow. I don't think anybody ever said that. There was snow in Ovido apparently. Not very much. But you see where Chevy did a concept of the new Chevel and a concept of an El Camino. That's fun. All right, Eden, arriving February 18th and my birthday is the 19th. Any recommendations for good slice of cake? I mean, the cake cake bake shop, but it's expensive. Yes, Pontiac was lemons was a thing. Strike me as an old mobilebile guy. I never had an Oldmobile. I did have a um um my parents have one, but I never actually owned one myself. So, they actually had a couple of them, a Cutless and a Delta 88. All right, let me switch over to um Wi-Fi here real quick. Give me a second. I think I can think I can do this. All right. Hey, we'll be right back. Actually, while you know what? I have a second thought here. I actually need a restroom break. There's a restroom here and I need to change connection. I'm going to kill two birds with one stone. So, we're going to do a quick restroom break and then we shall um Oops. Sorry. I need to fix the focus. Here we go. And then we uh I'll be back. So, I'll be right back. Real quick restroom break. Stay tuned. Penny. Penny. Hey, [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] >> [music] [music] [music] >> Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Oh, [music] heat, [music] heat. [music] >> [music] [music] >> Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] The Lord. [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] >> [music] [music] [music] [music] >> Are you okay? and welcome back. >> Thanks for being here. Hope you've enjoyed the stream so far. This music's groovy. All right. Anyh who, got all the cool 2026 merch here. You know what I forgot to do? I forgot to switch the connection. The whole reason I was going to do this anyway. All right, hold on. Hold on. This is a professional stream. No, I'm just kidding. We're definitely not professional. All right, we'll be right back. And back. Yeah, you didn't come here for perfection anyway. How fun. I don't know if Jenna is streaming tomorrow or not. Not sure. Look who's back. Back again. These are good ears. That's nice. Uh price $70. There you go. Did Adam have a celebration of life? I I missed it. That's sad. Oh, no, no, no. It was going to be in California. No, I couldn't go. Right. Weren't they doing in California? Yeah, I couldn't go. I hope it went really well and I hope everybody I hope everybody enjoyed each other's company and enjoyed enjoyed sharing memories of Adam. I stayed in New York. I stayed in a Westberry in a courtyard Marriott in Long Island. So, that was fun. What is happening? There we go. My watch was just like looking up locations in New York City for some reason. It's like Roz, man. Those things are always watching. Was that a map of Caribbean Beach on the t-shirt? Let me see. Uh, um, maybe. Yes. Yes, it was. How fun. That's cool. >> Yeah, you're right. It is a map. A map indeed. Um, you got power out in Brooklyn. That's too bad. Oh, yeah. We didn't have any power out problems in uh um where we were at. We were glad to cuz it was way too cold for the power to be out. I had some students who lost power though this weekend here in Florida which was you know really cold. So one of the students said it got down to like 50° in their house which was you know obviously livable but not comfortable. So this music is just like [music] chill like spa music man. Maybe a little too much for a spa, but it's definitely poolside. Magic band. Do people use them still? I don't know. You guys use magic band still? I never use mine. [music] >> Power Brooklyn sounds like a song title. Yeah, it does. [music] Was [music] this like do a little improv solo? I don't But I wasn't quite in the right key, but I I'm close enough. All right. How's your trip to NY with New with with New York? How was your trip to NY with Liam? I bet he loved it. What did you guys see? Did you go to Nintendo store? No. So, we didn't actually go to like the city. Like, we were in Long Island. We didn't go to like um we didn't go to Manhattan. So, no, we were just there for a capella competition, Singstrong. Uh we were only there for that. So, that's that. We didn't go anywhere else. Uh but yeah, I'd like to go to the Nintendo store next time we're there. I'd also like one of these cookies. So, I'm gonna get one using proper cookie cookie getting technique. See, we got to put it in a little box here. >> All right, there we go. >> I got it. I'm ready for Spider Horse. Yeah, I know. Those guys, man, they were blowing the They were just blowing the roof off the thing, as they say. >> I was sad I didn't get to see them on Sunday. You're gonna wants an engine oil cooler. >> Yeah, Theo, I'm sure they got this. >> Theo is too fancy for self-s served. He needs somebody to hand it to him. Of course. How you going to hold a cookie of Coke in the stream like this? I'm doing it right now. You can't see it, but I'm doing it. See, I have the cookie in the box. That's helping. Got a box. Or the cookie. The cookie in the box. I don't really need the Coke, but I kind of do. Actually, I haven't had a lot of Coke lately, so I'll go with it. We could book them for a Resort TV1 event. Wait, who? David, the the Steel Drum Choir, the Steel Drum Band. >> We'd have to know who they were first, though. >> Hello. Talk to Chip Cookie. And then the Coke. Okay, >> I'm going to do my debit card once I can get it out. >> Do you want a bag? >> No thanks. The box is fine. >> Did you want their receipt? >> Uh, yes, please. >> Thank you. Have a good night. >> You too. >> No, David. I did not want a Pepsi. >> Although it's not bad. You know what I mean? Like, it's not that big of a difference. Like, okay, it is a big difference, but it's not it's not bad. I'll still I'll still I will still happily eat or drink eat drink Mary. I know. I still get both of them. like it's fine. Uh, actually, let's go back out this way. So, all right, go this way. >> Got that stuck in my head now. >> Okay. Debit card. Dave Ramsey would approve. Yeah, I I like using the debit. I I am not a fan of credit cards. We We currently have too much on ours now, so we need to get that sorted. So Dave Ramsey would not be a fan of our credit cards, but it's fine. We'll figure it out eventually. Like at some point, I should have come up here. Why didn't I do that? Hello, Nick. Now, I like I like Mountain Dew. Yep, Mountain Dew is good. I'm I'm a fan of that. Let's go up here. Let's find a table here for just a second. Well, are there tables over here? It's fine. Okay. I was brought home in Fier after my birth December 1987. Wow, that's so fun. How do they put a car seat in a Fiero? That's what I want to know. Isn't that just a two-seater? That's that's that's like that's funny. Uh Nathan Roach, $10 super chat. Enjoy your snack from Greta and Nathan. Thank you so much. I use my credit card like a debit card. I paid every Friday and get the points. That's the way to do it. We're just not very good at that. So, we got to get better. We cut a lot of things just recently, which is good. You got to do that from time to time. We cut all of our streaming services except Disney Plus and then Hulu's bundled. So, we're trying to get rid of that, but we can't really because we've we're all bundled right now and it's hard to unbundle. So, uh it's a whole thing, but we'll Anyway, so Disney Plus and Hulu we have um and uh YouTube Premium cuz that's really helpful for what we do. Hold on, I'm going to set the stream down for a second. And then, um I canled my AT&amp;T on the streaming phone cuz we just don't really use it that much. And then um we I cut down my iCloud subscription quite a bit. And so yeah, we did a lot of we did a lot of um restructuring of finances for a few minutes. So or for a few minutes for for a little while. So that's good. It's good to uh it's good to you know it's good to just audit your expenses every once in a while. I think so. Oh, cookie is a little hard. How long has that been there? Oh well, I'm still going to enjoy it. No, you're right. It wasn't popular to wear seat belts in the 80s. There were like commercials about it. Sorry, the the cookie is loud to eat. So, I'm sorry you can hear my crunching. Actually, it's about like the taste, David. It's about the same hardness. Oh, happy birthday, Tyler. Denise's husband. Yeah, David introduced me to Tates the other night. They had him at the hotel and he bought us a few bags. Yep. We got Retro TV1 Tech, my other channel. We also have Resort TV 247 and Jenna has Adventures of Jenn and Dale. I'm not Cookie Crunchy, it's Ambiance. That's right, Theo, you tell them. Hey, Aaron. Hello, Trev Trebble. Hello. Oh, that's Oh, that's you. Happy birthday. We're going to be sending you to the 24-hour stream right after this. Might have a 24-hour stream of just walking around the park and the resorts. Even tells you the temperature. It's not always super accurate. It didn't seem to get down as cold as what my thermometer said, but close enough. Big guy won. Congrats on 24 months of Wizard Harbor Platinum. Hey there, Josh. Greetings from St. Louis. Thanks again for the stream tonight for all you guys do. Thank you so much. Oh, I need to um talk about sponsors. Guess I did get to ride dinosaur last time. You know, I don't have a favorite area of Caribbean Beach. I just like it all. It's really nice. I don't stay here that often. Resort TV1 degree live streaming from New York. Resort TV1 cold frigid edition. Um, also need to thank our our awesome sponsors, mickeyras.com. One of our awesome sponsors, Echolane. Interesting. That rain stream was a lifesaver during bronchitis. I had to try and sleep upright on the couch and that stream got me to sleep. That's awesome. And not awesome that you had bronchitis, but awesome that the stream helped you. That's why I think I need to post more clips from live streams. That did really well. Good evening from the newsroom at WNBC New York. Nothing like listening to you at night after a long tough day in the news. Yeah, the news is tough, man. Okay, it's 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 222 people watching. 2222 people. That's my news anchor voice. Good evening from the newsroom at WNBC New York. Tonight we're talking about our late breaking story about stuff we're not going to talk about on the live stream. W screen timer. Looks like you're the only one at the resort. Nice of them to clear out the crowd. Isn't it nice? Oh yeah, David, there's a lot of dead plants. Although they did a good job covering as much as they could. I mean, listen, there's too many plants here to cover. They had to be strategic about it. Yeah, almost 1,000 likes. Drop the like. Oh, that is funny. Theo, thanks Joe. I can do it. I can do the news voice. Good evening. The beatbox would have created Oh, create a custom interro. I bet they would. I'd obviously pay them for it, but um they were they were awesome. So, all right, let's talk about Mickey travels. If you want to book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World, Caribbean Beach, any resort you want, any Disney park, any cruise, book it with mickeyras.com. Again, that is mickeyras.com. They will help you book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World or any Disney resort or park again, and they will help you book it with their expert advice. And the best part about it is you don't pay any more for it. Disney pays them commission. That's how they make money. So, if you've ever thought, uh, travel agent's too expensive. I don't want to use that because I don't want to pay extra. You don't have to pay extra. You pay the same as you normally would. Well, they might even find you a better deal because they know all the deals and you might not know all the deals, but that's their job. Their job is to know all the deals. So, anyway, definitely go check that out. Mickeyas.com and Mickeyblog.com is their new source. David or not David, Jennifer says WKRP WKRP in Cincinnati. I don't know about WJRP. The W KRP I remember cookie is good. Yeah. Yes. There's a lot of dead plants around. Like I said, they couldn't cover everything. I have some in my yard, too, unfortunately. Yeah, the cookie was really good. Even though it was a little bit crunchy, still 100% worth it. Nine out of 10. Would try again. WRTV. I think there actually is a WRTV though. Well, I already talked about Justin while being CEO. It's a good thing. It's going to be great. Oh, said the landscapers at your apartment today. Yeah, cuz you're over in the you're over on the uh west coast of Florida, I believe. Or if they say the left coast, depending on which way you're facing. Could be the right coast if you're facing uh you're facing south. All right, let's go. No worries. Um yeah, I just didn't want to go over all of it again, but yeah, no worries. I we did have a fun time talking about Josh tomorrow and his his adventures or future adventures of C as CEO. Yes. Uh, unfortunately I have a friend who is in the uh whose husband owns a lot of orange groves. One of the teachers at my school um her husband owns a ton of orange groves and his family like his his parents, his family him. It's kind of like a big family business. They um they are saying yeah they're going to they're unfortunately going to take a big hit. This was this was devastating to the citrus and fruits and vegetables. not, you know, crops that you can plant later in the season after the freeze, like that's those are those are probably going to be okay. But, um, there may be some disruption to like planting schedules. They got to wait till it is for sure not going to freeze, but like the citrus obviously, you know, you don't replant citrus trees often because they're expensive, right? So, like that's going to be devastating. Also, Southern Hill Farms is another big farm here in Central Florida, very close to Disney. Uh, I think we did a vlog there one time. Anyway, they're like a corn maze and stuff. They're awesome. But they think they lost about 35% of their crops. So, that is sad. So, it is going to make uh fruit more expensive for sure cuz uh a lot of the Florida the Florida a lot of the Florida citrus is not going to be very good. Is it too cold for shorts? Um, at night, yes. During the day, no. If you're like super cold tolerant, you could probably get away with it at night if you had a nice hoodie for the night time. Uh if you're not super cold tolerant, I I wouldn't I don't know. To me, having my legs be cold is not a big deal. So, it doesn't bother me as much, but I wore the jeans just cuz it's a little warmer. Oh, hey, Stacy. That's funny. Anyh who, yeah, I like Coke better than Pepsi. Yeah. So, it's a big loss, 35%. And that's just Southern Hill Farms, but still it might be indicative of some of the other some of the other stuff. So, definitely a lot of the citrus is going to come from California, Mexico, places south, probably other places. I'm not sure if they grow it in other places in Central America, but I know they do in Mexico. Lots of frozen iguanas. Yeah. deal with shorts and a hoodie. Yeah, it was a little chilly for that this morning, but you know, it's not >> even at 29, you're not it's not as bad. I think it was 20 this morning it was 29 windchill 22 or something like that where I was bending scoop iguanas. Poor poor little guys. Of course, Stacy. Of course, they're doing a movie over there at the Riviera. >> Oh, it's Dalmatians. That's pretty. All right, let's We're going to head over to Epcot Resorts. Um Oh, I can see my breath a little bit. That's funny. Uh we're going to head over to Epcot Resorts and um I'm going to probably just be I'm pretty tired, so I'm going to be taking the Skyliner back as the fireworks are going off and hopefully that will um hopefully that'll that'll be enough of a view. You just know there's a South Florida Instagram for frozen aquinas. Yeah, I know. These these streams are so amazing. Almost feels like being there rather than rain soaked Ireland. Yeah, sorry. I'm glad you're here. I'm sorry. Ireland is rain soaked. It's that cold rain, too. Alligator. >> So, yeah, we'll do some Skylander fireworks. All right. Yeah. See, these um I don't know what these are called. Those aren't like banana plants. No, I don't I don't know what these are, but they're definitely not in good shape right now. They're a little They're a little wilty. Little wilty. They might come back. You never know. [clears throat] Yeah. Look at those things. Frost just kills them. Everything gets shocked by it for sure, but up north pretty much everything dies up there other than the evergreens. So, it's just that we have a lot of plants here that don't come back. They look sad and beat up. They really do. It looks like they would been through a storm. How were the crowds for Festival of the Arts? I call it that too. It's just not family friendly. But I guess I call it that too sometimes. Guilty. Amazing. What one night in the 20s? It was actually um two nights in the No, three nights in the 20s and a lot of freezing temps. I went to bed late last night, almost close to midnight. It was already 31 at midnight last night. So was several hours below freezing. So, so yeah, banana plants. They are crazy bananas. Yeah, my host does look like that in October. I bet. This definitely David is the most number of days we've had to run the heat in the wild. Even Steph was cold last night. So that was kind of funny. She doesn't ever get cold. Luckily, even though we don't need it that much, we do have a heat pump on our air conditioner, which as you know, you guys know up north is one of the more one of the more efficient ways to heat your house. So, it shouldn't cost us too much more this season. We set ours at 67. Not because of the meme, but just because it seems to seems to be the most like comfortable. And it seems like with our heat, the way it works, it's actually so warm that like if you go to 68 or 69, it's like too warm when you got a blanket on. So I'd rather just wear the blanket. I'd take a 35°ree morning MK over 95°. Absolutely. And actually in the mornings when the sun comes out, it's not bad. Even if it's in the 30s. Yeah, we must had several hours below freezing last night cuz I don't think it got over freezing this morning till like after 7. >> I think it hit I think it hit. I see they got heaters going in here. Yeah. See those big See those uh orangish colored lights? Those are heaters. So that's nice. Yeah, when the sun's out it's not bad. And Australia just had their all-time hottest day at 120. Wow. Speak for yourself. I'm all about the 90°. Hey, everybody's different. >> I was going the wrong side of the Skylliner station. I know that's always hard. We have radiators from the early 1900s. They're heavy duty and so toasty. Nice. The dorm that I stayed at when I was in when I was in uh college actually had uh radiators like Is that what those are? Is that what they're called? Like um the big metal steam things. Aren't those called radiators? Yeah. Anyway, I had that in callers. The problem is they're really hard to control. Uh-oh. Wonder if this has problem or they redid it maybe. >> We set at 64 overnight. Stay toasty under the covers and get you up moving fast in the morning. It's true. We've turned ours down to 65 or 66, but we find that if we just keep it at 67 all the time, it's fine. One of the things our air conditioning guy, our HVAC guy told us is that, you know, temperature. Yeah. You know, if you keep it, you keep the air higher, you save money. If you keep the heat lower, you save money. Of course, everybody knows that. But like the one thing that the one thing um that he was telling me was keep the temperature more consistent actually saves money. So he's like a lot of people think like that if they if they want their air conditioning at like 70 at night like we do and you put it up to 78 during the day. A lot of people think they're saving money. like you're really not because it it takes so much energy to bring it back down to 70 at night that you might as well just keep it more consistent. Maybe turn it up a little bit. Like you said, you turn it up 72 73 during the day. Even 74 not bad, but like basically he was just saying the more consistent you keep it, the better it is for the system. Couple degrees here and there is not bad though. We have central. We have it set to 72. I would we we had the window open when I was at IU a lot of times because it was like >> so hot all the time. >> Yeah, I love the Rivier Riviera logo. And this is a cool shirt entropy. That's right, David. We control it with the globe valve on them. Plus, it is house from 1885, so high ceilings. The heat works great. That's cool. How do those work? Are those electric? Is there like an electric boiler that runs that? I never know how that works. >> It's like is like gas or something. >> As we keep ours consistent, it cools off or heats up the house. Takes more to get it back to the temperature. Yeah, exactly. >> Yep. >> That's a cool shirt. I like that. My wife missed you Friday. Wife and I just missed you Friday at Studios. We par hopped at Epcot to see Luminous. We got to see Tony Baxter. Oh yeah. I got to meet Tony at the Retromagic. He was so nice. >> Was going to buy a big block of ice and put it in the middle of my apartment. Yeah, sure. What do you think about wasting park days on resort pool days when you pay for tickets already? That's rough. I probably wouldn't waste the whole day at least. But yeah, I mean if you can you try to plan it. It's ideal if you can plan it to where maybe you don't have you don't pay for a park day when you do like a resort. You could do like it a lot of people do like maybe a water park resort. Maybe not in this time of year but water park resort and uh maybe Disney Springs day. I think that's a great day. And then you can maybe if you're buying park tickets by the day if you don't have a pass maybe you go ahead and just do that for a day. We have a natural gas boiler that heats the water as it flows through the radiator. So, it's hydronulic and heating. Used to be oil, but we switched over. Okay, cool. I I know we had a boiler when I was in elementary school. So, there was actually a boiler room and that's where the boiler was, right? You know, then a lot of times now they don't even have that stuff anymore. They got some good like a lot of this is just like real Riviera merch. That's kind of cool. >> One of the thing uh it says one of the funniest things I ever heard was a dad saying at Rivier, "Can we at the front door, can we not spend money between here and the elevator?" [laughter] That is funny. Oh boy, it's hard. where the resort exploring days were much fun as the parks. Yeah, for sure. Flamingo Crossing is great. We stayed there when our air conditioning was out in one of the resorts there. It was funny staying with all the Disney people and then going to school the next day. I was so mad that night cuz of how much we had to pay for the air conditioner. But uh >> Oh, okay. >> Turns out it was actually a fun memory. The air conditioner part, not so much. That was 14 grand, but the other parts were good. >> Any pros and cons of Stan Riviera? I I think mostly it's pros. I mean, obviously it's, you know, it's obviously deluxe resort. It's not not, you know, it's DVC mostly, but not cheap. Um, but it is um but it is really really nice as you can see. I do notice in the DVC resorts, they don't they don't waste any they don't waste any space on a grandiose lobby. Like this is a a big lobby, but they don't even have an extra floor, you know? They don't even have a giant like atrium or anything. It's all used for rooms and stuff. [clears throat] Can you imagine the contemporary if there was no giant atrium? >> I think a downside to Riviera might be Hi might be um the Skyliner sometimes at busy times it's hard to get on because it's the middle of the Riviera stop is the middle of the line. So in the mornings it's probably hard to get on. I know they'd probably save some for people, but I do think that might be a small issue. So, >> but yeah, that's the one thing. >> Guess I better get on the else. >> So, that'd be only a negative thing I could think of about this place. It's a good location. It's a nice resort. Um, but yeah, you you do have a small issue on the Skyliner because you're not the first pickup. It's kind of like when you're at a bus stop and you're at like the second or third or especially the third or fourth bus stop at one of like Caribbean Beach or like Old Key West or Port Orleans with multiple B bus stops and you end up like being really late on the line. All right, so let's see. I need to talk about Mickey travels. I did that already. I need to talk about uh Resort TV1 homes. Yeah. Go check out Resort TV1 Homes. >> If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, hello. >> You should see the inside. >> So, yeah, definitely check it out. Um, if you're like, "Hey, even though Florida was a little bit cold, wasn't as cold as where I am right now, and I'd like to move to a warmer climate, definitely." Or if you just want to be close to Disney, even if it's cold sometimes, definitely check it out. It's um it's uh resorttv1homes.com. Go check it out. Again, that's resorttv1homes.com. We're brokered by EXP Realy. We would love to help you find your dream home here in Central Florida. Again, that's resorttv1homes.com. We have great great realtors that work for us and with us. uh I guess really with us. They partner with [clears throat] us and uh EXP takes care of the brokerage like I said and they just do an amazing job finding people their homes here and they'll they'll answer all your questions about like location and what's close to the parks and where the most reasonable, you know, where the traffic is better and where the most reasonable commutes to Disney and all that kind of stuff. Oh wow, they covered some of these. Some of these look like they probably survived. A Riviera was Adam's home. It's a nice one. Huh. These guys just like didn't get covered or they just sprung up. They went towards the light. We bought a home in Winter Garden after knowing how much and how many times we came. We had a great experience. Nice. Well, thank you. It sounds like you used Resort TV1 Homes. Thank you. If you didn't, that's fine, but it sounds like you did. So, thank you. It does. It's one of those things where you get to use the best and it helps the channel a lot. So, we appreciate it. um because we get a percentage of the commission because I am a licensed sales agent. And so even though I'm not the one selling you the house, I get to be a partner in the transaction and um I get to link you up with a great service and uh you get the benefit of using the great service and it's all a win-winwin. Hey Shannon, happy tranquil Tuesday. You can fly. You can fly. You can fly. Those mosaics are nice. All right, let's fly to Epcot. Speaking of flying. All right. >> [clears throat] >> I'm going to Epcot. We got to go left. >> Hello. >> Yep. The mosaics are great. Those are two beautiful tile wall artworks of both Tangled and Peter Pan. Yes. Do you find EXP Realy to be successful? We do. We do. They've been great. It's helped us, especially with YouTube being down. It's helped us quite a bit. So, we Yes, we are very thankful for our partnership with EXP. It's helped us through some really tough times. Ta Caribbean Beach, New Rib, and it worked well. a moderate resort next to the deluxe [clears throat] and can take the bus from there and use quick service. Nice. Yeah, it's a it's a it is a nice uh it's a nice spot. And the cool thing is you can use either station, you know. So, that's nice. Epcot, home of maple popcorn and my favorite margaritas and the unaffordable collectible. Yeah, the spaceship earth. It's a whole hike around here though to get to Epcot. But it's all right. Walking is good for you. So again, if you are at the Riviera and you need to go to Epcot, you got to come all the way around here. The other one that I just passed is for Hollywood Studios. So here we come around the corner. It even tells you what the operating hours are. There you go. Of the Skyliner. That is everything goes till 10:30. 7:30 to 10:30. The only reason Josh doesn't do cartwheels down this sidewalk is cuz it was upset the gimbal, of course. Okay, let's see. X exit on the right, enter on the left. [clears throat] Morning. >> [music] >> Yes. Do you mind if I wait for one without a uh >> the sticker on it? Yeah, like that one if nobody's in there. Thank you. >> Uh, how do you get back if it's after 10:30? Excellent question. You take a bus. So, after 10:30, they start running buses to to um get everybody else home or, you know, back to their resort. So that cast member at the loading platform, the lady was great, but there was a guy standing there looking at the phone, looking at his phone, and then he just like saw me and then he just like walked away. And the lady looked at me and she's like kind of like, "Oh, I guess I, you know, like whatever." So it was not her fault at all, but it was like weird. He just like walked away. I was like, "Okay, bye. [laughter] >> [music] >> Welcome aboard the Disney Skyliner at Disney's Riviera Resort. If you're just joining us, we are on our way to Epcot. Ladies and gentlemen, we invite you to sit back, relax, and enjoy the most magical flight on Earth. >> Yes, lots of reflections of Josh here. There's no way around it because I am brighter than what's outside because of all the the light in here. Although, we can go over here and get a good view of Epcot. Let me me scoot down here and let's turn down the brightness a little bit. There we go. And if I just sit back a little bit, you're not just seeing only me. >> We are now traveling along Wav Vista Drive. This roadway and the city of Lake Buenav Vista were established in 1969 when Walt Disney World Resort was first being developed. They are both named after Buenav Vista Street in Burbank, California, where the Walt Disney Company headquarters are still located today. Pack your passports. We are on our way to Epcot International Gateway. When we arrive, remember to use your My Disney Experience mobile app to review your worldly itinerary for the day. That car wash down there is all like a party. It's like a party going on in the car wash down there. [clears throat] >> [laughter] >> Sorry, I snorted. It is quiet, Robert, until I start being weird and talking. [clears throat] Oh, >> and gentlemen, the Disney Skyliner has been temporarily delayed. Please remain seated. We will resume this flight as soon as possible. Thank you for your patience. >> I sound like the the beatbox guy. Not anywhere near, but Michael was amazing. I would I you know it'd be fun to learn a little beatboxing, but I I don't have those skills right now. But it would be cool to learn. It's a fun it's a fun uh definitely a fun performance style. Don't mind me just hanging around. Oh, now we're moving. There we go. Moving and grooving. >> Ladies and gentlemen, in just a few moments, we will be taking a scenic spin around the Skyliner turn station. >> We're going pretty fast. >> Please remain seated. This station was designed for turning only. >> David says, "I can do the breathing stuff right after following you at warp speed." Yeah. Yeah, there's a speedway. That's Buenovist to drive over there. Um, and yes, that's the best gas station you've ever streamed. Hey, Ginger. Yeah, we're hanging in there. We don't have a choice. It's better than the alternative. I have a real fear of getting stuck on the Skyliner. I get that. I I can't say that I can't say that I have a fear of it, but I definitely it would make me uncomfortable. The worst thing would be having to go to the bathroom, but apparently there are supplies for that in there. So if necessary, I mean, you never know, we got to stop again. Yeah. Static going on. You hear it? Somebody tuned the radio station in. It's like poltergeist, man. And that the one where they have the Is it poltergeist or is it um which one is it where they have the static that they use? They're here. What What's Which one is that? It's creepy. At least if you got stuck here, you'd have a little platform to get off on. It's a full moon. It is Poltergeist. Okay, cool. I almost thought of the Exorcist, but I think I got it right. >> Coming in the view, it's Disney Boardwalk in and Disney Boardwalk Villa. From elegant dining and magical lounges to lively entertainment just off the shores of Cresant Lake, this charming seaside resort relives the golden era of Atlantic beach towns and turn of the century amusement parks. Crazy story if you look into all the movies and what happened to the actors. Oh, really? Crazy. Steven [clears throat] wants an African Jimbe. Jim are great. I like Jimbe. In Africa, drums are sacred. They're very spiritual [music] part of the culture. If you are planning to visit World Showcase today, now might be a good time to practice your hola and when you arrive at each nation's pavilion, cultural hosts will be waiting to greet you in their native language, helping make your visit to Epcot a truly international exchange. My kids walked just ahead of you at Riviera. They couldn't wait to get to Epcot to watch the show. Tell them, "Look for you." Oh, that's awesome. I don't think I'm going into Epcot, though. Um, I think I'm going to go I'm going to walk around the Epcot resort, though. >> We are now arriving at Epcot. To all who come to this place of joy, hope, and friendship, welcome. Oh, they got the torches on. Got to warm it up. Please remain seated until the doors automatically open. When exiting the cabin, please supervise children, collect your belongings, and watch your steps. Thank you for flying with us. forc. [clears throat] >> Ginger says, "I didn't practice my Olas and knee house. Am I going to be okay?" I think you'll be all right. [laughter] You just I mean technically you just practiced him at least typing. I don't know. You could have said it out loud. I wasn't there. [laughter] >> Ladies and gentlemen, oh >> the Disney Skyliner has been temporarily delayed. We will resume your journey as soon as possible. >> I got lucky on that one. Okay. Yeah, I wasn't planning on going into Epcot. There's not really much I could do for 30 minutes. So, I may just go look over here at the beach club for a minute and then come back if that's all right. Would be fun to watch the fireworks while heading into Epcot. Yeah, I've done that a couple times. I'm actually going to try and time it to where I watch the fireworks when I'm heading out of Epcot. So, we'll see >> how that works. [clears throat] >> Oh, wow. The whole fluty here >> is covered. They must have had to buy a ton of plant covers. I mean, I'm guessing they already had them, but maybe not. I don't know anything. Oh, I got done with my Kichi was. Oh, Baham Breeze is closing. We have one close to here. That's too bad. Right now the temperature is 48. Feels like 47. Yeah, plant covers must be a lot cheaper than replacing the FL. Well, it's a lot of work. It's a lot of like physical labor. It's the biggest cost. I mean, the flowers are expensive, too, but a lot of the a lot of the cost is the labor to do it because it's not not easy to plant, especially it's not like they're [music] just planning it like they're actually like really working, you know? There's a lot of like detail [music] work. It's a nice spot. The opening ceremony of the Winter Olympics is this Friday. Nice. That's awesome. Yeah, we canceled Peacock, so we won't be seeing that. Oh, actually, our peacock stays active until like February 19th or something. Yeah, Disney does have a bunch of green houses. That's true. But they still have to pay for the seeds and the labor to um you know, cultivate them, plant them, all that stuff. So, nothing's free, of course, but probably cheaper than buying it at the store, like you know, as a fully grown plant. Seeds, buying seeds is always cheaper than buying the fully grown plants cuz well, you know, cuz it takes time to grow plants. But yes, um, again, I think the labor of pulling out the old dead plants and putting in the new ones is the big expense. Okay. But they'll do it. Now that Liam has the super cold weather experience, he's all set for visiting NYC for the holidays and skating at Rockefeller Center. Absolutely. He didn't mind it after the first time. The first time it, you know, was kind of upsetting cuz obviously it's like it's a shock to the system, but then after you're ready for it, um, it's not too bad. It's not what I'd call comfortable, but like again, here we are at 48 and I probably would have been complaining by now and I'm just like, whatever. I mean, 48's not objectively not cold, but if my house was 48, I probably wouldn't like it. But walking around outside, no big deal. If the wind was blowing, I'd probably be less comfortable, but it's fine. No, I haven't seen any frozen iguanas. We don't have a lot of iguanas around Orlando. I'm summarizing the Land Pavilion, the boat ride. [laughter] True. We're going to go to beach club, I think, though. 48's bi. I know. Like I said, David, it was 37 when I landed Sunday night, and I thought it was warm. There goes the fireworks cruisers. Well, that would have been cold the last few nights. Not tonight as much, but last night it was in the 30s at this time. My kids My kids are on the couch in the airplane down to Florida while we've been moving. They refuse to go out and play in the snow, thankfully. kind of like getting off the plane in Orlando in July. People always say, guys, people always say, rightfully so, that um happy birthday, happy anniversary. Oh, no. I hope all the Pascals didn't freeze. People always say, literally, rightfully so, that the Orlando airport parking garage is the most humid place in the entire world. That's a shock to the system, too. when you get in the airport and if you go to the parking garage to get a rental car >> [clears throat] >> um or even if you're getting picked up or if you've got your car there literally actually insane. It feels so humid. That's funny. Carbo Box. Yeah, I think they shut down um the Tiana ride. Um they shut down Tiana when it was below freezing I believe. Low is only nine overnight. Okay. It's insane. Sure is tempting. Yeah. But yeah, it it is insane when you get hit with that humidity in July, especially if you come from a colder climate and you get out and it's July and you walk out in the airport parking garage, like what happened? Yes, I did talk about the new Disney CEO. It's pretty cool. We all thought we were smart cutting the cable cord. Now we pay for so many streaming channels. I know, right? The thing is though, I think the thing that these cable channels are going to have to figure out now is that we're we're accustomed to watching whatever we want whenever we want now because of streaming. So I think the deal the problem is going to be if you even if even say because streaming is so expensive now even if it really was cheaper to go back to cable they're going to have to bundle the stream and a lot of them do they're going to have to bundle the streaming services with it like if you have the Disney channel then you get Disney Plus if you have you know ESPN sports then you get on on your cable then you get the ESPN app and a lot of them do that but because >> [clears throat] >> um people are accustomed to getting what they want when they want obviously Sporting events are always going to be live first. That's the nature of the beast. But like >> but like just regular TV shows, people are like, "Why do I have to wait for that?" You know, July humidity is like being wrapped in a moisture cast. Yeah, for sure. I think I would have to be worried about the moon landing on Earth if I saw a video resort in snow. I mean, we did we I was just in the snow a couple days ago, so you might have to worry about it, I guess. I And I took videos of it. It was fun. I wish the snow had been a little bit softer cuz obviously it's way more fun to play when it's softer. I still I'm like a big kid. I still like playing in the snow. Heck, I'd go up north and like again, that's not I'm not saying I like the cold, but I'd go up north and build a snowman. I' I'd have a blast. Liam and I could do a an actual snowball fight. I told him this trip not to throw the snowballs cuz they were really not snowballs. They were ice chunks. And throwing ice chunks isn't nice. It's just painful. Kind of miss just browsing the channels, you know. I I I feel that. I was watching a program talking about how growing up in the 70s how everyone used to schedule their evenings around certain TV shows. Yeah, exactly. No, people did that for sure. I got to be home by such and such cuz the thing is on. And I mean, yeah, in the 80s VCRs came around and you could actually tape a show. And then after that, DVRs made it even easier cuz you didn't have to like, you know, you didn't have to worry about it as much. >> You wouldn't have to You weren't buying like video tapes all the time. >> I could build an Olaf. Exactly. I don't know. I don't have very much time to be in here. I'm uh >> Oh, Little Mermaid at the end. >> Insignificant fools. TV guide was essential, you know. I used we used the one in the paper. I never actually [music] we didn't ever have the TV guide. Oh, this is the part where Eric gets on the ship and he says, "Not today, Ursula. Not today. I got to watch the end. I can't show it to you guys, but I got to watch the end. I'll cut it out if I need to. >> Oh, here he goes. He's going to get her. He's going to get her. Nailed it. Got her. Telling you, man. Show Disney movies used to be violent. Like they he went like he took that ship all the way through her. [laughter] I like it though because you know bad guy death. Steph and I was talking about that bad guy beatd downs or bad guy death. You know, sometimes it's just satisfying. Not today, Ursula. You can still Google something. Nobody to. No, I had we had a totally we had it even through when we moved over here closer to Orlando. Um and the c we had a little cable card from the cable company. I remember looking having to look in the local newspaper to see when things were on. Yeah. especially around Christmas to see when the Christmas specials would be on the part I was maybe uneasy. Yeah, you know, it is. But I think it's it's important. It's essential cuz Ursula was so evil. There was no way she was going to be like, "Ah, you're right. I you're right. I I win." Or, "You win. I give up." Like, she was never going to do that. It had to be a giant battle. Yeah, to was great actually. Uh, it was way better interface than the cable company thing. The cable company boxes, they just had really slow interface. The processors weren't powerful enough, so they were really annoying to use a lot of times. All right, that's right. Poor unfortunate souls. I don't have very much time in here cuz I got to go back out and get ready for fireworks. But this has been fun. Team Ursula. [laughter] >> That's all right. Dapper Connect. You can Everybody can have their favorites. >> I will say though, you're on the losing team. She just lost. Like I just watched it. I can verify. Got fuel rod station here. >> Right by the ATM. See, you can get your get your cash out and then get your fuel rod. I'm just kidding. You don't actually have to do that. The fuel rod takes debit cards. Yeah. >> Okay. $5 from the JL. [music] Everything's on streaming now. Disney Plus. You can't go hunting for the Blu-rays like in 2013. No. Even Best Buy stopped carrying them, I think. So, yeah. Although, the nice thing about having Blu-rays and DVDs is that you own it. So, I mean, you own that copy, right? I understand the logistics if you're just buying a license, blah blah blah blah. But the point is, you own it. You own it that you can watch it anytime you want and they can't take it away from you. So that's nice. It's just not as convenient. >> I love the resort specific merch. >> Charlie, do you like the shirt? >> It's really good. >> Tapconnect says until the next movie. Wait, there's the next movie right here. Let's go see the uh let's go see the thing. Excuse me. >> Let's go see the trivia here. I should try. >> Yeah, I can try. We'll see. I've got the live stream going. We'll see if they can do it, too. >> Okay. >> Okay. But I won't let them help me. All right. So, let's see. Uh, number one, Nana. >> Yeah. >> Number three, faith, trust, and a little pixie dust. >> I think that's right. I've done three things. I know it's the happy thoughts and the pixie dust, but yeah. Okay. Uh, Wendy's brothers are John and Michael. What is the name of the island? Well, Neverland. [laughter] >> Captain Hook ship. Oo. >> Roger. >> Jolly Rodger. >> Okay. How many misfits make up the Lost Boys and what animal do they dress up as? Oh, >> yep. I don't know that one. >> There. I think there's I think there's three. No, not three. Yep. I don't know. I can visualize it, but I don't know. So, I'll have to look that up. But anyway, cool. I got almost all of them. Very cool. All right, here we go. Let's see if the live stream people know. All right, let me know. Don't look it up, though. No googling. No googling. >> Hi. >> Are you taking? >> Yes. >> I recognized your laugh. >> Oh, that's awesome. >> You walked right by us in the lobby. >> How fun. >> I was like, >> "Wait a minute." And then I saw the uh the >> gamble. Yep. >> Yeah. >> That's so cool. >> Oh my gosh. >> What are your names, guys? >> Rebecca and uh Michael. >> Oh, watch out behind you. >> Rebecca and Michael. Nice to meet you. >> Nice to meet you. >> We were just trying to do the quiz over there and I couldn't remember that the question was how many lost boys are there and what animals did they dress up as? I got them all but that one. I was like that's tough. I know there are lost boys and I can visualize them. But skunk, donkey, and something. Skunk, bear. Okay, we're seeing it as the live stream. People know the twins. Do the twins be the same animal or different animal? >> Oh, I don't know. There. Are there lost boy twins? >> I think there are two that are either twins or >> Okay. I thought there was a raccoon. Maybe. No, that's Davy Crockett. >> That might be the skunk. >> Maybe the skunk. Okay. [laughter] >> Do you guys want to say hi on the live stream? >> Yeah, sure. >> Hi everyone. >> Where you guys from again? >> Uh Long Island, New York and also New Jersey. >> I was just there. >> Really? Over the weekend, I went to there was an a capella um competition and fundraiser called Singstrong at a Ad Deli University. >> Oh my gosh. >> So, I didn't know. >> So, I stayed in Westbury. Uh and then that's of course in Garden City. I don't know the area very well, but I flew in. It was quick. Went fly and flew into JFK. Learned that you're not supposed to take a taxi anywhere cuz that was $130. >> Y >> I took But they said that there was construction. I thought, "Oh, maybe the cab's easier. It's right at the parking garage." No, next time I'll take the train out to the whatever. But I so I took the lift back and it was $38 and I was like, "Thumbs up." >> Yeah. >> So the concert was good. >> Concert was amazing. Yeah. They um one of my friends is in charge of it. The whole thing. They used to live in New York and so he still runs this thing. It's for Alzheimer's research. That's what they fundra for. >> Keep an eye out for that kind of stuff more than >> I'm going to I'm going to promote it more too cuz I didn't really know much about it until he was like, "Hey, you got to come see this." So Liam and I went up there. He saw snow for the first time and we got to see a bunch of a capella and I even got to sing. Awesome. >> I've never sung ac capella, but they're like, "Here, learn this stuff. Here's" and we rehearsed for 3 hours and we went on the stage. >> There you go. >> That's pretty cool. >> All right. Well, then that's another one that you join at some point. Maybe we could come watch your concert. >> Absolutely. I was that's I'm going to tell people like, "Hey, also if you're in the the New York, Long Island, New Jersey area, like it'd be a cool little meetup, too." Like, "Hey, come support Alzheimer's Research and also like come say hi." >> Little meet up. Yeah. >> Well, it's like I've I've watched so many of your live streams and had seen people come say hi and be like, one day. I This is like a dream coach. >> I love that. Oh my gosh. >> All right. It was >> super nice to meet you guys. >> Really nice meeting you. >> All right. Enjoy your evening. Enjoy your evening. >> Yes. Well, thanks for watching, guys. I appreciate it. >> Have a good one. >> Have a good night. Stay warm. >> Oh, look at the lady in the thing. That's cool. Classy. >> Okay. Did we ever figure out who the lost boys are? >> Man, bear and pig. Yeah. >> Slidy is fox, cubby is bear, nibs is rabbit, toodles is skunk, and the twin boys are raccoons. Seven. So, seven then. Okay, cool. All right. Well, that's pretty cool. [music] >> That's awesome. Carter Box. [music] Yeah. >> All right, let's go head back to the Skyliner. We're going to watch the fireworks as we as we fly. Sorry, I didn't get very far into the shop, but it was nice to meet some people and and [music] uh to uh show a few of the shirts and merch and things, so that was cool. Bye. >> Yeah, they can. >> Here. Speaking of snow, I don't think Liam would mind me showing you this. Before we left, he goes, "I want to lay in the snow." I was like, "Okay, but the snow's too hard for a snow angel." He's like, "That's fine. I just want to lay in it." I was like, "That's fine, too. I get why you would want to do that." So, here's Liam laying in the snow. Ain't that fun? Uh, let's see if I can Here we go. >> Just to prove that we were there. [laughter] >> It's pretty cool. I had my heavy jacket on and it still wasn't enough, but it's fine. >> I think it was about I think it was about 15 when we took that picture. Windchill below zero. Yep. Looks a little different here. [laughter] I don't know what we'd do if we ever had snow. It'd be I actually I would I would love it. Like it would be it would kill everything. That would be the downside, but I would love I would love seeing it. Great photo. Thanks. I enjoyed it. There are no photos of me, so I really wasn't there. Wait, did we not We didn't take David. How did we not take any pictures of you? How did we not take a selfie? How did we not take a picture of you and me and and Liam and your family? Well, we got to do it when you come down here then. It's so funny. We were like together for almost a whole day and we didn't take any pictures. Weird. [laughter] Florida is legally not allowed to have snow. That's not true. Pensacola and their 10 inches of snow. Beg to differ pictures of me. Well, we do. We want to remember the remember the uh the the moment. >> What a great opportunity for time with Liam. Oh, it was amazing. You know what? One of the highlights of the trip for him, and this is kind of funny. We got to the We got to the hotel. Liam was kind of in cold shock because he was like, "Oh my gosh, what is this and where did you bring me?" You know, and he he was okay. We got back to the hotel and it was warm there. But he goes, "Um, I was in shock about the the cab bill still." [laughter] I was like, "I don't care about cold. I just paid $130 for a cab." That's what I was upset about. But I mean, like I said, it was worth it. I'm just complaining. But the um but u we were hungry and the hotel restaurant was shut down cuz it was like the middle of the afternoon. you know, they close from like like most hotels, they close from like 2:00 to 5:00 or something. So, um cuz they don't have enough business to stay open, I'm sure. So, like we couldn't eat at the hotel uh cuz I didn't want to go anywhere. It was too cold to walk anywhere. And the closest restaurants were a few blocks away cuz, you know, again, you're not in Manhattan. You're in Long Island where things are a little more spread out. And I looked and it was going to be like a 15-minute. There was a McDonald's, but there's going to be like a 15-minute walk. And I'm like, man, that's not going to work well for Liam and I. Even me, I'm like, I want to walk 15 minutes outside in that below zero windchill. So, I I downloaded Door Dash for the first time. I I I don't I don't use that kind of stuff. Um I guess I'm old school, but I downloaded it >> and I was like, let's see. McDonald's. Yep. That's way too expensive, but I'm going to do it anyway. So, I grabbed Oh, yeah. My Happy Meal. Do you guys know they have Transformer Happy Meals at at McDonald's now? It's actually they're called Changeables, but like super cool. Thanks, June. Though, the hotel we stayed at was the Yeah, I don't mind. It's It's going to be the same one for next year, too. Courtyard Marriott in Westbury, uh, New York on Long Island. That's where we stayed. So, um, I mean, it's on the it's on the website for Singstrong, so it's not a not a secret, but that's their main hotel. Either way, um, so I got Door Dash McDonald's. We got a happy meal for Liam with the little changeable transformer toy in it which he loved. He played with it the entire trip like entire time. He'd show to everybody. Every new like person we'd meet. He's so so cute. We'd meet like singers, you know, like the ac capella singers. They were all so gracious about going out in the lobby afterwards and I', you know, if I saw them and they weren't busy, I would say hi and enjoyed your like I always like to support fellow musicians be like, "Hi, you guys were awesome. enjoyed your show, you know, and make it and then but not just that. I always like if I meet a musician, I know as a musician, it's nice to get a specific comment, not just you guys were awesome, enjoyed your show. I'll say like, "Oh, I really loved when you did, you know, the part where you sang in, you know, uh the part where the three the three female, you know, three uh female vocalist sang super fast runs together in harmony or, you know, whatever." Like David was talking about the high school. Like, I'd like to be specific. Anyway, while I'm talking to him and Liam was saying hi, he show him his robot, his little Transformer and and they thought it was awesome, you know, and it's just I don't know. I just love that I know he's in bed now, but I just love that he's still he's still a kid. Like, you know what I mean? Like, he's growing up, but he's still got those fun kid moments where he's like, "Hey, look at my toy." And I'm like, I love that. Like, yeah, buddy. Enjoy. Show everybody your toy. That's that's part of the fun of being a kid, man. So, yes, it was totally worth the splurge to get that Transformer toy. And then, uh, Steph got him another one on the way home today cuz he was he had a really good day. That's cool. But, I mean, they're not going to be there forever. So, I remember when McDonald's used to have the little fry transformer toys and stuff. So, anyway, >> I didn't fang girl out. Not really. But, yeah. Love the modulation. That's nice. They're more than meets the eye. That's right. >> All right. So, I am going to wait just a minute and then I'm going to uh >> I'm going to wait just a minute and then I'm going to uh get on the Skyliner cuz I want it I want it to be in the main part of the show. Robots in disguise. That's right. Never grow up. That's right. Westbury isn't too far away. You should stream on Long Island. Yeah, I I didn't have time for any of that. I was enjoying the whole festival. I was supporting our friends. Um I don't know. It was just such a great time and it was so again it was so great. Uh we've we've I've made such good friends with these people that run the show and Liam is best friends with their son and I don't know. It's just it's amazing to have great people like and just to support them and cool cause that they do that's obviously near and dear to our hearts because of mom with her Alzheimer's and they have a family member that has it as well. And so it's just it's something that's very important to all of us. I want hamburger or mayor McH. You eat McDonald's now. That's awesome. Mr. Master, hopefully never stop. Always have share show toys, whatever that is. Absolutely. I think it's important because adults want to do that too, right? That's why adults get out their phone and show a cool picture. That is the adult version of showing a toy. We all like to show stuff to each other. And I think the hardest part is sometimes I heard somebody say something at the festival. This is deep thoughts with Josh. Okay, here we go. Um, so I heard somebody say something at the festival that I really loved. Um, it was something it was one of the other uh adults there was talking to one of the kids and the kid the the the little uh girl was showing her something or whatever on the iPad, something on the iPad, a video and she's like, "Oh, I love this show. I love this thing." Or whatever. And she literally says uh to the little girl, she's like, "Wow." And she's like, "That looks so neat for you." She's like, "How'd she say it?" She's like, "You know what? That I don't think that looks like that's from me, but I am so happy that you like it and that you enjoy that." I can't remember if she said it better than that. I'm so happy that that brings you joy, I think is what she said. And I thought, what a cool way to say it. Like, you can appreciate something that brings somebody else joy while while knowing that that's not something that you personally like. Welcome. Welcome. Anyway, I just thought that was really cool. Uh $5. Fresh Prince of Belair. It's on Disney Plus. Nice. Welcome. When a child hands a toy phone to you, you answer it. Yes, for sure. How cool is that? From here, right around the moon and the skyliner. That was pretty neat. All right, let's go. That's a cool shot with the moon there. Deep sauce with Josh Handy. I know. I remember Jack Handy on Saturday Night Live. My favorite one of that was it takes a big man to cry and an even bigger man to laugh at that man. >> I know. >> Not quite as deep, but still meaningful. >> I was like, I want to start going already did. We might be back. >> See That was great, wasn't it? All right, we're going to get a better view here in the Skylliner in just like one to two minutes. >> Resort says that's no moon. >> Yeah, this time it is though. [laughter] >> No death doors here. shopping. >> Hey, Candace. >> Yeah, Mr. Master, we did enjoy the snow. It was great. >> The cold, not so much, but the snow we enjoyed. We wish it would have been softer. Next time, can you make the snow softer for us? I'm just kidding. >> It was just too cold to be soft. For your safety, please remain seated children and smoking in the cabin. Thank you. >> Yes, we can get stopped on the Skyliner. Oh, there you go. Look at that. Have I ever >> one I'll go over here. >> Oh, you work at Jamaica Station. That's cool, Mr. Master. Welcome aboard the Disney Skyliner at Epcot International Gateway. We're flying to Disney's Riviera Resort with a final stop at Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort. We hope you enjoyed your visit to Epcot and World Showcase. Did you learn how to say hello in a different language today? >> [music] >> Soon we'll be flying past Disney's Boardwalk Inn and Disney's Boardwalk Villas. This charming lakeside resort offers magical lounges, enchanting restaurants, and live entertainment on the boardwalk every evening. Let's go. He probably like riding up here too. >> We are now approaching the Skyliner turn station. While this special station was designed just for turning, other Skyliner stations were designed to complement their unique environments. From the glamour of Disney's Hollywood Studios to the laidback islands of Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort. Ladies and gentlemen, the Disney Skyliner has been temporarily made. Please remain seated. We'll wait the flight as soon as possible. Thank you for your patience. We can just sit here and watch the fireworks. [clears throat] >> Yeah, I know. You can see the other. >> Yeah, we should be able to see magic as we Oh, yeah. It's right there. >> [music] >> We hope you are enjoying your journey on the most magical flight on earth. We are now traveling along Buenav Vista Drive. Take this off the gimbal so you guys can actually see. >> Oh, don't worry about that. >> Oh, no. The live stream people. I've got like 2,000 people watching a live stream. >> The reflection on the glass is horrible, though. It's like they I can't All I see is myself. I'm like >> 2,000. >> Yeah, we've been doing it for a while. >> Not every night, just a few nights a week. >> Sure. That's cool. >> Yeah, it's fun. >> It's one of the only places where you can see both fireworks at the same time, >> right? That's crazy. >> Are you from here though? >> Yeah, I'm from here. I'm actually a teacher. That's my normal like daytime job. But this is kind of fun. Where are you guys from? >> North Dakota. >> Okay, >> definitely way way colder up there. >> Yes. >> In just a few moments, we will be arriving at Disney's Riviera Resort, a Disney vacation club. As one of the most picturesque vacation destinations in the world, the European Riviera has fascinated and inspired many great artists over the centuries, including Walt Disney himself. >> What do you stream on? >> Uh, YouTube. >> Yeah, I'm from Indiana, so like I know what cold is. Not as cold in North Dakota, but it's pretty cold up there. >> And uh just got back from this weekend. and we went to New York to visit some friends and see a capella competition. So, uh I hadn't been up in the north in the cold till since like 2013 and it was like minus 5 windchill up there. I was like, "Yeah, that's okay." It took me a couple days, but I got used to it again. >> My son although was born in Florida. He's nine and he was born in Florida and he the first time it hit him, he was like pretty shocked like, "Oh, that sucks." I was like, "Yeah, it does. >> That's no way around it." Oh, lagging. Hold on. >> Welcome to Disney's Riviera Resort. If you are traveling to Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort, Disney's Hollywood Studios, Disney's Pop Century Resort, or Disney's Art of Animation Resort, please remain on board. >> What do you teach? >> I teach music. >> Okay. >> So, I used to teach band and stuff, but now I do like guitar and piano and whatnot. So, >> please remain seated until the doors automatically open. When exiting the cabin, please supervise children, collect your belongings, and watch your step. Thank you for flying with us. Hold on, guys. I'm putting you in the gimbal. There we go. >> All right. Can't really see it from here. Did you just like think of it one day? >> What the live stream? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Um, I I had a channel for a while and I used to just like show tours of the hotels and like um I would show like the TV that used to play in the resorts and stuff like that. >> And then I don't know, one day I saw an article was like, "Oh, you can live stream on your phone now on YouTube." And I was like, I had the Disney Channel. I just didn't have that many subscribers, maybe like a couple thousand at the most. >> And I was like, I bet people'd like to see a live stream in the parks. And so the very first time I went live in Magic Kingdom, I ended up with like 30 or 40,000 views and like a,000 people watching at the same time. And I was like, "Okay, that was cool." You know, so I I kind of figured that was people actually wanted to see it. So >> yeah. So it was just a random idea and it worked. >> So we've been doing um my sister does the channel with me, too. She's just not here tonight, but it would it would um basically um I only been doing it for like 8 years, I think, live streaming. So, we were the we were the first to do it on YouTube at Disney. So, that's kind of cool. >> That is very cool. >> Just a random idea. >> So, now bigger than >> Yeah, we're at uh 200,000 subscribers now. >> So, it's it's it's pretty cool. going up. It's a lot of fun because we we keep it like chat familyfriendly and like we don't talk about politics or anything. We just keep it real like >> a place to like just escape from reality for a little while. >> Welcome aboard the Disney Skyliner at Disney's Riviera Resort, a Disney Vacation Club. If you are just joining us, we are on our way to Disney's Caribbean with connecting the fireworks behind you studios, Disney's Pop Century Resort, and Disney's Art of Animation Resort. >> I think we're about to see the long voyage to the Mediterranean. We are about to go island hopping at Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort. >> [music] >> We are now sailing over Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort, where every day feels like a junka new celebration. In just a few moments, we will be landing at Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort. You need to go over here. [music] >> Oh, I don't know. Did you see it better over there? Oh, you're fine. You're totally fine. >> Disney passgers must transfer at this station. Thank you. We hope you enjoyed the most. >> The glass on these things makes it really hard to see too well. >> Please remain seated until the doors automatically open. >> You know exactly what time to get on the trail. >> Yeah, I've done it a few times. It just depends on like >> luck of the draw though. Sometimes like we did this time, we'll stop a little bit and that makes it even better. >> So, >> so we did this again tomorrow. What time did we get on? Was it like 9:02? It's like 902, 903. Yeah. >> Oh, you guys have a good evening. >> What's the name of your channel? >> Uh, Resort TV 1. >> Okay. >> Yeah. [music] >> Oh, I think that was the end of it. How cool. We almost saw I thought we were going to see the end of it. We almost did, but then we we landed right before the end. still cool. I'll take it. All right, let's get airborne. We might see the end of the Magic Kingdom ones. Airborne. Like, not really, but you know, close enough. >> Is it cold in the Skylliner? Actually, it wasn't bad. Um I mean, it's not that cold right now, but like I didn't ride it when it was 30, so you know. Um, the windows were mostly closed. What is it right now? 46. Yeah, 46. Feels like 47. So, it's not that bad right now. >> Can I wait till the clear one? Is that okay? Thank you. >> [music] >> All right. [music] >> When I jump from the first helicopter to the second, I miss that. I do my own stunts, I guess. All right, guys. >> [music] >> Yep. We're going to wrap up with Hollywood Studios. It's closed, of course, so we can't go in there. But this was mostly, as the title says, this is only mostly meant to be a resort stream. So that's kind of cool. There's a spaceship Earth. I think uh Happily Ever After is over. Gentlemen and islanders of all ages, welcome aboard the Disney Skyliner at Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort, we're flying to Disney's Hollywood Studios. Yep. And that's what I do on these streams. I park at studios and makes it really easy to uh get around. >> Zoom in a great career. Walt Disney had a passion for animals and the natural world. Today, we are traveling through one of the many protected wetlands here at Walt Disney World Resort. If you're lucky, you might spot some of the happiest wildlife on Earth. >> Oh, there. If I turn the screen brightness down, my face isn't so bright. Oh, that's way better. I feel like I need to tell a ghost story the other way. Like, you can still kind of see me, but it's not nearly as bad. I'm glad you enjoyed it, Mr. Master. And yeah, I'm glad everybody enjoyed it. It's been a really fun stream. I agree. I have also had fun. So, thanks for watching. >> [snorts] >> Dean's like, "Yeah, exactly." Like ghost stories. In just a few minutes, we will be arriving at Disney's Hollywood Studios. Whether you plan to visit a galactic outpost or play with all of Andy's toys, at Disney's Hollywood Studios, everyone can become the stars of their favorite cinematic stories. Parking lot's pretty empty out here. Let's see if I can see my car. Actually, I think it's like right over there. >> [laughter] >> I am parked in this back lot over here. So, oh yeah, there it is. I see it. Well, it's still there. That's good. I don't know. I I hope nobody gets a car stool in at Disney, but anything's possible, I [music] guess. Always lock your car. >> Before you walk the red carpet, remember to double check your star studded itinerary using your My Disney Experience mobile app. Yeah, with the windows closed up here, it's not too bad. There's like a little bit of a breeze, but it's not Oh, actually, these windows are open. There's a little bit of a breeze, but it's honestly not terrible. >> [music] >> Ladies, gentlemen, and members of the academy, welcome to Disney's Hollywood Studios. >> Think you enjoyed it? Thank you. So did I. >> Please remain seated until the doors automatically open when exiting the cabin. >> Sorry, I should have said on the other side. I don't want to get out. >> I'll remain seated. Thank you for flying with us. Stitch over there. >> Thank you. >> Um, so yeah, they I did see the boulder um hit the cast member, but he's okay. I saw a video uh he did or he was in some news articles and so yeah, he was he was okay. So that's good. That's the main thing. and he uh was, you know, he was a hero. He saved all the other guests from getting hurt by the boulder. So, nobody nobody it, you know, obviously it would have been better if it hit nobody, but he was very he was very selfless in in making sure that it didn't hit any uh any guests. >> No, I'm not thinking about being a cast member. I will let the cast members, the professionals do that. But I Yes, he was very brave. And I know a lot of the people that were sitting in those first couple rows are very thankful that he was so brave. Yeah. See, all the plants look a little a little peaky as they would say. They're definitely those I think those are dead. They're definitely going to uh need to redo a lot of their plant life, but [music] it'll take a few days to see what's going to, you know, actually it'll take a few weeks and some warm days and some, you know, the springtime [music] to see what's going to come back and what won't. So, anyway, I hope you everybody has a great night. Uh, I do want to finish talking about our awesome sponsors. Um, let's see. Going to talk about Dave. We talked about Mickey Travels and Resort TV1 Homes. Let's talk about Davis DBC Rentals. If you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, just check out Davis DVC rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. It's DVCrequest.com/tv. Go check them out for all of your DVC rental needs. And you can check out DVC without even buying it. Just go check out Davis DVC Rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. Uh don't go anywhere. I'm going to send you over to the 247 channel and uh you can hang out over there for a little while. We have 247 channel of walking around the parks and resorts and all kinds of things. So definitely go check that out. So that is um Resort TV 247. Also resort uh go check out RetroTV1 Tech and go check out uh Jenna's channel, Adventures of Jenn and Dale. Let's see. We also have a couple a couple more sponsors. We have uh Behind the Ride on Amazon and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Two books by David Mumpower. Disney Demystified now has an audio book you can listen to. So, go check that out. Just search for Disney Demystified on Amazon or Behind the Ride on Amazon. Go check both of those things out. Also, I'm trying to think what the next thing. Oh, um, also we have layer 1 technology. Go check that out. Support at layer onetone technology.com. Again, support at layer technology.com. If you have if you want IT support for your small or medium business, that's if you want any kind of IT support for your small or medium business, go check out u layer 1 technology. You got support at layer onetone technology.com. They only do business. Uh but still, if you do have a business that needs IT support, network um they can do network building, they can do infrastructure maintenance, they can do all kinds of stuff. You just go check out, send them an email, and they'll they'll take care of you if you're a business. Um, also we have uh Dreamtable. If you want to get the hardest to find reservations at Walt Disney World or any Disney park, um, go check out Dreamtable on the App Store. Just go to the um the iOS. It does not on Android unfortunately right now, but just go to um the app store and search for Dreamtable. It comes right up. It also is on um there's a website too, dreamtable.co, O, but it allows you to find these restaurants and you can just put in what date you want, how many people, what time frame, and it'll just keep searching over and over again until it finds it. It notifies you and then you can go make the reservation. So, you don't have to worry about, oh my gosh, I didn't want that and it booked five reservations. Now, it doesn't do that. It just tells you when there's one open and then you have to go book it. So, but it's pretty cool. So, go check it out. Dream Table on the app store. That's all. That's it. We're done. Thanks everybody. You're the best. Also, uh we have platinum members on YouTube. These are people that support us with um here we go. These are people that support us with um $50 a month on YouTube and that is super super appreciated. So go check them out. Uh hold on just a second. We got JL $5. You know Ted is getting a season two on Peacock show about the teddy bear. That's pretty cool JL. Thank you for that. So we have platinum members that support us with $50 a month on YouTube. That's Total Care Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, uh, Go Mini, Dian 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, William Ly, My Crazy Grunup, Life, Chuck Polly, Amazing Jaylen Moxley, Cicander Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Bismo, and Alan J. And we also have um, we want to thank all of our members. We have our bronze, our silver, our gold, and our platinum. We appreciate all of you so very much. And Patreon members, thank you Patreon members. We have a dollar members all the way up to $5, $10, and even more. So, thank you to all of our Patreon members. Thank you to all of our moppers for moderating and keeping the stream family friendly. Thank you to all of our hoppers for hopping and keeping everything um you know, keeping everything so wonderful on the stream. It's been a great night and uh I am happy that we'll see you on Friday. So, Jen and I will be back together again together again. So, we'll be um I don't know where we'll be at, but uh stay tuned. There'll be a Friday night live stream announcement and uh it'll be great. This is um Big Al in the chat used to call this my Fonza jacket. That's Big Al. Just kidding. Anyway, Fonza. Yeah. All right, everybody. We'll see you uh next time. Jenna might be live tomorrow. I'm not sure, but um we'll see you soon. Very tranquil. It's been fun. Oh, yeah. We do Surf Shark. Um we we we only talk about them on Fridays. They only want they only want the sponsor mentions on Fridays. We got Surf Shark's awesome. You can go check them out for sure. They are definitely a sponsor still. I'm Ninja, but thanks for the stream. You're welcome. Thanks, Robert. Thanks, J. Thanks, Benjamin. Mr. Master, thanks everybody. Rosalie, Manova J, Sandy, Pandy, and we'll see you on the We'll see you on the 24/7 channel. I'm going to go home and get some rest, but uh I hope you guys have a great great night. Can you see the tower back there? Is it back there? There it is. It's back there. You can see it. All right. Well, thanks for watching and uh we'll see you on Friday, everybody. And I'll probably be live Saturday morning, too, instead of Saturday night. So, be be uh be ready for that. We'll see you then. All right, everybody. Uh so, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
