---
video_id: NVHvV95OVmI
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Chip & Dale 10K - RunDisney Marathon Weekend -This Might be Dale's Last Race -Walt Disney World 2026"
published: 2026-01-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVHvV95OVmI
---
And we made it to Epcot. 3:54 a.m. We're running a little late, but so are all these people. Hey guys, it's Jenna and Dale with Resort TV1 and it is super duper early in the morning. Yes, we're here for the Chip and Dale. Yes, Chip and Dale. Sorry, the lighting's bad. I was trying to figure out. We just got a little bit of light. There we go. From the car. The car. Yep. Exactly. So, um, yes, the 10K this morning. Uh we're a little bit we're not really behind cuz there's still hundreds and hundreds of people coming in. So the race doesn't officially start till I think 5 and we're in one of the last corral. I think we're in the last corral. Yeah. We'll see. We're F. Yep. F for effort. Wait, no. F for failed. Fantastic. Failed the crowd entry. We're excited. Um Chip and Dale themed and we have our outfits we'll show you guys here in a little bit. But um all all the way down to the socks. So excited. Yeah. Let's go check in. Well, in line for the bathroom and look at this great view of Spaceship Earth. Going to be running under there here. Well, in a couple hours. We're heading to our corral now. Takes us a minute cuz you got to go all the way this way, all the way that way, and then all the way back. Yes. That way. All the ways. All the turns and Exactly. everything and everything. That's right. And it's a tiny bit chilly out today. Um, it could be worse though. Oh, way worse. It was worse during the other one that we had. Wine and 64 right now. Oh, see that's not bad. But little chill in the air. The worst was a princess race. Oh my goodness. We were freezing. It was in the 30s. Yeah, that was bad for you guys. I did not do it. Nope. I saw a picture. He was warm. You sent to me. I was in bed. Warm. Yes. All right. Here is Dale. We have the same shirt. Yep. But the best part socks. Mom and dad got us these. We got matching socks. Good old Chip and Dale socks. Perfect. All right. And here is Jenna's shirt. The tutu. The socks. Must have. It's funny yesterday cuz she's got I'm going to go iron my tutu. I like Well, that just sounds It didn't It didn't work so well, but I tried. It looks great, sweetie. Thank you. Here we go to continue with the salmon. Here we go. Wow, so many people. I feel like this race is a lot crow more crowded. I was going to say crowded. It is crowded. It's more crowded than all the other races. So, this is for spectators and just hanging out before the race. They've got a couple food trucks over there and hanging out after the race. Yep. Party over there. And uh Oh, let's see. And they actually have food trucks over here. We're not the last, Dale. We're F. Oh, second to last. Hey, that's better than I've been at any time. Okay, so we start at 5:46 a.m. Oh my goodness. Okay, we got a minute. And they even have some food trucks. You want a pizza cone? Sure, why not? Well, we made it. We're in our crowd. We're in f like a bunch of cows. Not the last one. Yay. Like a bunch of cows in a crowd. I'm so excited for that. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I am glad we're not on the last one. But I wish we were be Oh, 100%. But I'm glad we're not on the last. So, I'm very excited for that. That's good. Balloon ladies will not be an issue. No, not this time. Yay. So, if we want to walk more, we can. We're just 45 seconds away from the start of your race. A shout out to Heather down there. Good Morning America is following some of our amazing athletes, including our chair athletes. It was great to see your story highlighted. a veteran of show six. 3 2 1 go. All right, John. Announce our start line selfie. It's one of our privileges. Two, one, go. Michael, I see you, Michael. He's got his shots on. I see you. Nice to see you. My buddy Vince August has to be out there somewhere. Oh, we're moving up. Moving on up. Moving on up. Okay, another Well, there's the balloon lady. There they are. There's our nemesis right there. I heard they're very nice. Move it. Very nice. They are. You just got to pay. Yep. You're playing this time. with you. I would couple more. Couple more waves and we're in. Yeah. Couple more waves. Here we go to the races. I'm chilling. Me, too. That was F the first wave. See if we're going to be in the second or the third wave. I'm not sure. 3 2 1 go. Doesn't mean Are you excited? It's 550. Here we go. Woohoo. Be kind to one another. And we're off. We have so many smiling faces. Away to your family because that's the most important thing. It's going to be a little bouncy cuz we're running. Yep. Going to be a little bouncy. We're on the road. We don't have the dad. He's not there yet. Oh, goofy is being goofy. Oh, here he comes. Cute. Oh my god. A Well, we did half mile. I got my little clock thingy here. Walk break tracker. Yeah, it's all goofy. Our first average pace 12-minute mile. First character. Yep. So, what's there something up here? Must be another character. Another character. We'll see who it is. It's Daisy in her adventure outfit. She's so cute. Oh my goodness. There's a little line. Take a pick and go. Yep. So, we probably won't pick. You're doing this one. All right. Ready? Run. Let's go. Okay. Here we go. It's bumpy. It's bumpy. Well, we just noticed we're on the we're on the road the exit road. Just coming out of Epcot. There's all the signs. Okay, we were in some more. Here we go. Yes. Looking good. Good to go. All right. Cool. One. Yes, it is. One. Five more to go. Okay, now you can see it. It's Nemo and friends. I got Dale right here. Thank you, sir. The water water station. Let me get it. You're running. See the cars coming in. Well, they closed the road. Yep. For Epcot, obviously for us. This traffic is all the traffic that uh is going to Magic Kingdom. They rerouted them because the road's closed. Yep. So, now we're coming up to the back side of here in a little bit. Sing out. He just gave us a shout out. That was awesome. I think it was Jordan. I think so, too. The one that was at China New Year's Eve. That was awesome. That was cool. He's like, "Go Resort TV1 shout out. Coming in the backside of Epcot. Here we go. We have a line for somebody. Little blue duck with a hat. Perry. Okay. That guy. Perry. The platypus. Oh, platypus. Not a duck. No, not a duck. Look like a duck from there. is Harry can and we are officially in the park mission space. We entered back there next to test track going over here mile too. Yeah. Come on. Mile two. And it is very humid right now. It is super duper sticky. Yes, it is. Mile two. Mile two. Woohoo. Do we have time for Barbies? No. Nobody's there. No, you can't ride it. Okay. Uh, I can't think of anything. Raccoon, are you home? Rocket. Rocket. There you go. Oh, friends from Zootopia are back here. Oh, fun. There they are. Nick and Judy. We've got uh chicken fingers and burgers over there. We can go shopping over here. Oh, just kidding. We're running. Yeah, we are. No shopping. Sharp left turn ahead. Sharp turn. Caution athletes. Okay. Sharp left turn ahead. Inspect. Inspect your dad here. Yes. So, we just did a U-turn. Yeah, we did. We're We're doing this thing. Here we go. Also, yes, I did have cot in my ears. It was cold this morning with that wind, but I'm getting hot now and playing Chip and Dale again. It's my Dale. Got his shirt on. Yes. All right. Here we go. Look, the Festival of the Arts sign is up. Yes, the art places are up, too. And it looks like those people over to the right. Oh, they already went all the way around the boardwalk. Oh, wow. And they're they're in the early. Oh my goodness. Good for them. We have four more miles to go. Yeah, we do. Four something. Three and a half. Oh, three and a half. Okay, I like that. Margaritas. Time for margaritas. Okay, maybe margaritas at the end. Margaritas at the end. Finish line. Okay. Oh, it's Miguel. Hey, who's all right? Taking a little walk break. I'm sure the running is making you guys nauseous. Sorry about that. Bouncy bouncy phone. We're heading into Africa soon. Germany. Yeah, I love it. All right, that's right. Traffic control running into Germany. Here we go. Oh, I can smell the caramel popcorn. Yes, please. Italy is up next and America. Maybe some more water. Hopefully, I'm ready. Well, there is a character here and the line is really long. Wow. It's got to be somebody popular. I wonder if it's Chip and Dale. Usually they have a Huh. I know. They need a sign of who it is. Oh well. I'm not waiting in that long line. Anyhow, the balloon ladies would definitely sweep us. Yes. Yay. I remembered they had water here last year. So, woohoo. I'm going to grab some. Thank you. Awesome. Dale, it's a Japan shed. It's my shed right here. It's where you keep everything. Yes. Apparently a giraffe because it's super tall. And also one of our favorite DJs likes to be here during New Year's Eve. DJ Eno. That's right. Oh, here comes another photo pack. Let's Let's act cute. Okay. Almost halfway there. Three mile marker. Woohoo. Up over the bridge we go to boardwalk. Jenna, you're killing it. Thanks. You, too. Good job. Beautiful. Always love the reflections. Reflections of Epcot. Mission impossible. But it is possible cuz we've done it once before. Dale's done it twice. That's right. All right. We got to keep our eyes open for those photographers. We keep missing them. And we're out. Heading over to the boardwalk. They're going back in. That'll be us soon. Is look at all the people. How are all the early corrals? Amazing. So cool. All right, we are officially on the boardwalk. You want some cake? Uh, all about the cake. Cake. Cake. No, but I'll take some biscuits and gravy. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Cake. Biscuit and gra. No, I don't want that. A good old breakfast sandwich. Sounds amazing. Maybe at the boardwalk deli. Okay, I don't know who this is, but the line started way back there. We're going to go see who it is. Okay, now I know why it's so long. It's Chip and Dale Rescue Rangers. All right, let's get over here and get a good shot of them. Amazing. Gorgeous. Got to love it. Amazing. Well, Instagraming, so you probably hear him in the background. Yep. My mic's on. Yep. All good. Mile four. Two. A little over two more to go. Yep. We got this. Yes, we do. We got this. All right, we made it around the lake, Dale. We did it. We did. And now ride the boardwalk. We're heading back in. And now all these people are going this way like we were going. Yep. The other way. The other way. This and that. Back into the park with the sunrise starting to peek through. We're going in Epcot on the sky. Here's the Skyliner station. I think we're going to end up back by uh imagination in the land back there. Dale thought and poo. Yeah, with the head on the heads. I was like cuz they were coming out of the crowd. I was like I was taking like no this old guy. Oh, that was a hole. Oh my goodness. Uh yeah, I forget his name, but I love this guy. What is this name? Dr. Scrooge. Well, kind of. Let me know in the chat. My entire brain will not let me think of it right now. We are in robot mode. And we got another DJ. ESPN. You got this. Go, sweetie. Go, sweetie. Go. Go, sweetie. Go. You can. And now we're entering back in next to UK. We're entering once again. Oh my goodness. It's Meet the Robinsons. forget that guy's name, but he's from Meet the Robinsons. I LOVE THAT MOVIE so much. Not that long. As we're coming into Epcot, look at the sun rising over World Showcase. Here we go. Imagination unicorn over there. We've got Pigments joining the party as well. He's so cute. Yeah, I love him. Back behind the scenes we go. Run, run, Forest. Run. Una Cabayto, not Trace Cabos. We got one of the Cavi. cast me over there just was shouting us out. That was so fun. So, thank you to that cast member. That was very sweet. Got a cartoon. Yeah. Uh, the living seas. The living. Yeah, I think it's a living beast. Yeah. Right there on the right. You were coming. Yeah. Oh goodness. We're doing this. We got this. This is the walkway we used to come in when they were redoing underneath Space of Earth around there. That's right. This is the entrance. We had to come in. Yeah. WCOT. Exactly. Oh, we're coming in by Moana and Living Season. And we're back in the park. Amazing. I think this is the lady from Wish, right? Help me out, guys. There was a sign. It's Meera. I don't know who that is. So, not from Wish. Almost looked like it was clothing from uh uh Don't Call Me Bruno or Oh. Oh, don't call me Bruno. Oh, that's Mirabel. Okay. Huh? I don't know. Yeah, it's okay. Trust me, I'm the non Disney. I just go by the clos. Yeah. Oh, here we go. Photo. Guys, we're almost there. Unicorn hall. Got to run around Space Earth and out be there. All right. Well, I thought we were going to go that way, but we're going this way. More photographers. Ready? Got Mirabel and Bruno here. There's a little bit of a line. Run. Let's run into the shop. It's right here. Let's see it. They're closed. They're closed. Oh, man. They're getting ready to film something over here. Oh, yeah. That's pretty cool. Well, there's nobody else coming this way. We're all heading this direction. Woohoo. Starbucks, are you open yet? I need some egg bites. I need some egg bites and coffee. Well, this is epic music coming into Space to Earth right now. Love it. Love it. Go wide angle now that it's daylight. We usually have a character over here for 5Ks, but not 10K apparently. All right, we're going to run under Space Birth cuz normally you can't do that, right? Go Dale, go. Yeah. Sorry, it's bumpy. That's all the arch is up. Look at that. Awesome. Amazing. All right, we're outside Epcot. Can I hear the choir? I always love the choir. We're almost there. Deal. Yes, we are. We're getting close. We're still standing. We're still standing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Barely, but we're standing. Oh my goodness. Oh, I love it. They're so good. All right, we got mile six. What happened? We're coming to the final part. And all the food and water. I'm ready. All right, we're gonna run to the end. Let's make sure we get a good picture this time and not get Mike. Yeah. Oh, look at Mickey. So cute. So proud of you. Mickey. You guys, here we go, guys. I don't know. I took ballet years ago. I think you crushed it. What's up, guys? You did it. We did it. We did it. Good job to you. Holy moly. I did not practice for this at all. Maybe a little. I'm so excited. You're beautiful and you're perfect. Yay. And now for the best part. The best metal ever in my opinion. I mean, Adventure Out There was pretty cool for our other channel. This is That was That's number two. Yeah. Okay. For me, I can't wait. Metal and food. Yes. We got them. We'll show you a better look at them here in a second, but yay. They're so cool. Awesome. Look at that. Oh my goodness. And Dale moves. I love it. It's got springs. Okay, that's cool. I thought he may slide, but nope. He just moves like he's running. Yep. He's running away with his nuts. I love it. I love it. Good job. That is awesome. Amazing. Mystery solved. Yep. We found the finish line. That's what we were looking for. And now, let's get some Gatorade and water. Oh, I am so ready for that Gatorade. Making our way around here. We're going to go pick up our food box. We got our our waters in in Gatorade. A tip, bring a Walmart or Publix bag. Yes. Um, that way you can carry all the things. So, yeah. And there's a party over there and usually characters. Dale's already munching like the shirt on the back of the shirt. Dale on the shirt was like laying down with his metal full tummy. Um, but yeah, we'll show you what we got. These are new strawberry peanut butter energy things and banana, of course. And we'll show you the box. That's a struggle just to get into the box. Run Disney. Run Disney. We got this toast stuff. Yep. Got the cheddar and Fritos. Yummy. Breakfast of champions. That's right. And some gummies. And towlette. Oh, towelette. Nice. Yep. Very nice. I'm going to be digging into these. There you go. Yes, for sure. So, here she is with her pretty metal. So excited for this. Looks awesome. My fourth race, I think. Second 10K. Your third. My third 10K, I think. So, we did this two that we've done. Oh, yeah. I've done another one. Yep. So, yay. And then I love this one. And this uh I think this is going to be the last one for a while for Dale. Yes, for me. Yes, she does. I love them. They're fun after like before you stress out. You're like, "I can't do it. I can't do it." And then the race gets here and you're like, "Okay, I think I can do it." And then you do it and yep, I don't know if I could do a half, but maybe one day. So, here I have my phone holder. It used to But it used to uh go in these things, but there's like rubber and it was always sort of a pain in the butt to take it in and out, in and out. Well, so I engineered it last night. the strong magnets that I have on my Etsy shop for our the magnet things. I super glued those onto there and then I have a magnet on the back of here. Boom. Bam. Much easier on and off. Good job. And we did this for Chloe. Yes. Yes, we did. I was thinking about her. I tried getting a picture socks. There go the balloon, ladies. Right there. The race is officially over. Balloon lady says on the back of their shirt. Well, we had a little nice break there. Had some breakfast. Dale's still having breakfast. Banana. Yeah. And we might go see what characters are over there. See how long the lines are. What? Okay, we got to see what's over here. That's cool. Oh, straw freeze. Nice. Get your coffee and your donuts. Oh, they have donuts. That's cool. Oh, I want donuts. That is cool. I love it. Here's the character meet. We got Chip, Dale, Duffy, Dopey, Fat Cat, and Monterey Jack. And I called it Chip Dale, Jofy, I got We got Goofy. Go see what the Yeah, man. Hey, what's up everybody? Welcome back to the party. We're so excited. Where's he at? I just saw someone today. We are so thrilled to celebrate. It's almost our turn. That was really quick. Yeah, it was pretty quick. I love my And this is for Chip and Dale. Holy moly. Character. I love. Oh my goodness. He's so cute. I love you. Okay. So, so I saw a lot of people do selfies like this today. There's like something behind them. They're like click. That's so funny. Was that us? It probably was. It probably us, too. All right, guys. as well. That is it for our Chip and Dale 10K. Made it. We did it. Yes. So, it's And it's starting to get warmer. Yeah, it is. The sun is out. I'm glad the sun wasn't out while we were running cuz I would not have need these long sleeves. And luckily, my leg didn't go numb. My back was fairly But now my my hip is killing me. You sound old. Yeah, we are. I'm starting to get a little shin. She's getting s splints. And I need to go home on a recliner and then I need to shower cuz then I need to work. Yeah, he does have to go to work. I do too, but a little bit later. Yeah, you Friday night. Yeah. Work. Yep. Yep. Yep. You got a lot of lot of steps in today. Oh my goodness. He's going to get all the steps. We already had what I say 16,000,000. Uh so we'll see by the end of the stream tonight. You'll be over 20 25 maybe. Probably. Yep. Yeah. Unless, you know, I let Josh just go and I'll I'll be there in a minute. Yep. Absolutely. But hope you guys enjoy coming along checking out the 10K with us. Um, let us know in the comments if you've ever done one or if these videos are making you want to sign up for one. They're a lot of fun. You do have to be on that sign up though because they sell out quick. Yes, they do. Yes, they were fun. But for me, I think now like this was the goal for me to get a race with Chip and Dale. You did it. So, I think I'll be done for a while. It's just not me. It's They're fun. They're expensive. Get up super early in the morning and now my hip hurts. Yeah. So, I'm not Once you get here and all the They are fun to run through the park. So, if you haven't done it, yes, definitely do it. And you get to go around the park and you get to see the characters and I don't I the I'm being grumpy. I'm being uh grumpy. Well, then we need to find you a a grumpy race. Grumpy race. Okay, let's do the grumpy race. I want a stitchy race. Hopefully you guys can hear me. Here comes a Montreal. So, but no, they're fun once you get there and do go through them. So, here we get the good old Montreal shot. This is beautiful. Good morning. Jenna's arm was dying. Yes. And uh and hoppers come say hi. Yeah. And now we don't know where we're at. So, we just finished the vlog. Yeah. So, hope you guys enjoyed it. Make sure you check out all of our awesome sponsors. Links are down below in the description of the video. Yes. And woo, that sun is bright. Yes, it is. We will see you guys soon. Mhm. All right. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. I don't have any hands in there. I was like, "Why is this?" Bye-bye. Oh, here we'll let Dale do it. Bye-bye. And go check out Adventures of Jen and Dale. Yes. Check it out. Go check out our sponsors, mikblog.com and mickeytras.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning advice. Miktras.com to book your next trip to Disney. Also, resortvomes.com. If you're wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resorttv1homes.com brokered by expy. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realator for you in the area that you're looking. And our last sponsor, David Club Rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. If you're wanting to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out again at dbcrequest.com/tv. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
