---
video_id: tUbaa4fIKoo
channel: ResortTV1
title: "THE PINK IS GONE! - HUGE Cinderella Castle Painting Update - Mid March 2026 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-03-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUbaa4fIKoo
---
Thank Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I am live here for Saturday Night Live here at the Magic Kingdom. And as you can see, the castle is looking very finished. I'm not going to say it is finished because they may have more things to do to it, but it's looking very finished. So, if we look at this zoom here, it is pretty much complete. That lighter color seems to be what they used for the trim, and then the darker color seems to be what they painted over it more recently. Maybe I miss seeing it, but it looks like it's done. So, there you go. Hi, everybody. Hi, Ginger. Hi, Snoopy girl. Hi, Phil. That's Look at that. Huh? Oh, and then maybe they're Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They are starting the spires. Look at Okay. Look, look, look. You can see right Oh, you can even see where it actually stops here. If you look at that tower right in the middle there, it looks like the the back is painted darker and the front is painted still the older lighter color. And actually, I think it was closer to that color to begin with, but they they just um ended up you know, it ended up fading over time. >> So, yeah, that's definitely if you look at the turrets on the left and the ones on the right, it's a big difference. And especially in that main tower in the middle, it changes right in the middle. Right. Uh there changes right in the middle. So, that's pretty interesting. I like that. Looks nice. So this is kind of like the finished product right here is what you can see one with the back turret there. How the darker color and remember this is Florida sun so it never stays like this very long but uh it definitely looks nice. So there you go. Let me zoom out just a little bit so you can see a little better. Yeah, that's nice. >> It look It does look great against the blue sky. That is true. Quite a difference indeed. I like it. I knew I was going to like it, but I do. This confirms that I like it. Let's go all the way out. There you go. Now you can get a better look at it there. >> So, let's kind of go all the way around while we're starting here. I hadn't really planned to do this at the beginning, but let's uh let's go all the way around. Tomato. Tomato. Yeah, exactly. Sometimes, you know, it it's like you think you may or may not like it, but then you see it and you're like, "Yeah, actually I like it." So, here here's a here's a great view here. The middle turret right there or [music] middle tower right there. It's very light in color. And if you look up there, there's that darker blue. So, you can see both of those colors kind of together in combination. And then the very top tower here, the very top blue tower, I should say. The top tower is gold, but the very top blue tower is the dark blue color. So yeah, you can definitely see all those colors right there. That's fun. Hey Kurt. Hey Jason. Might as well start it here while we got great great lighting to show us off. It is very regal. [music] I agree. John Pierro says, "My future house." Yeah, right. >> It was >> I will probably post this as a separate update video. So, if you're watching this as an update video and wondering who am I talking to, it's the live stream chat and you should join the live stream next time. If you find this video and not sure about the rest of the channel, most people that find these videos are watch the channel anyway, so they know I'm probably talking to the chat. But I'll post this separately so you can kind of see everything and all the updates. >> So that looks nice. All right, let's get over here and see what it looks like from backside of castle. The back side of castle is very beautiful. So, give me just a second. Let's back up as far back as we can here and we'll check it out. Fantasy Sports Boss says I should put on my videos from piano playing together. I'm assuming you mean it. Grand Fidian. But yeah, that uh might be fun. It would just be hard to find them all over hundreds of live streams, [music] but yes, it would be fun. It looks nice. Yeah. So, there's no pink anymore. The pink is gone. >> Yes, we will do a 360° tour. Wow. It looks different for sure. [music] Very nice. All right, let's go around. Oh, the Disney family crest we see over the main arch. Oh. Oh, I see. Okay, so that that's the Disney family crest right there. Interesting. I did not know that. That is super cool. How fun. See, >> you guys you guys are way better tour guides than me. All right, let's go around the left hand side of it or right hand depending on which way you're looking at it. >> It looks very nice. I just wondered if the gray would be slightly darker, but said there's no I mean, they're not done yet for sure. The uh the lifts and everything are still in the moat, so they may they didn't paint much today cuz there was rain today as you can see by the wet pavement, but they're they may still have some painting to do. So, who knows? My super chat doesn't work. What's your PayPal? Oh, Chuck Polly, thank you so much. It's um if you just go to um PayPal.me resortv1 uh moppers, if you can post [music] that, paypal.me resortv1. >> So, the castle suite uh was easier to see from the other side, but it was where those three windows were together. >> It's a little back lit here, but it looks nice still. Yeah. Thanks, Chuck. All right, let's go this way. >> Is indeed a beautiful, beautiful evening. Oh, Jay, they moved the crust. That's interesting. Just got back to Canada from our 17 night trip. Wow, Eden, that's amazing. My goodness, it was so great to meet you guys. I can't really see much there because of the sun, but let's go around a little further. Maybe a little further. Hey, Tennessee bear. Yeah, I like the new colors, too. You can see the mode is still drained other than just any rain water that comes in. Hi, Pam. >> Hello, Age of Retro. >> And again, if you're watching this in the clipped out update version, I'm talking to all the people in the live stream chat and you should join next time. >> Sun is bright. >> Phil says, "Picture looks great." Thanks, Oh my goodness. >> Wow, that's bright. Oh, thank you, Chuck. I'll check that here in just a second. That is so kind. Let me get around to the front here and then I'll give you guys [music] the final view of the update. It is hard at this time of day to see much from this side because of the bright suns. Oh, that's okay, Jay. Wherever you got the information about the Walt Disney crest, that's very interesting. We all get our information from, you know, variety of different sources over the years, and it's nice that we get to share all of that together on these streams and videos and [music] things. >> [music] >> There we go. Now we can see from the front definitely. Now, of course, these didn't get any updates, these [music] little side side towers, but the front is the big update because last time we were here, the front side of castle was not complete. And now it is. My goodness. Look at this. Wow. There you go. Let me get a nice close view here for you guys. Yeah, that looks nice. >> Again, Chuck was very, very generous. I want to read his PayPal here in just a minute. But this is so cool. Look at this. So there you go. That is your castle update. I think it looks amazing. Yes, Russia.
