---
video_id: B8ZK6gHhHZs
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Friday Night Live Stream Announcement - 1-30-26 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-01-30
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8ZK6gHhHZs
---
Guess what day it is? It's Friday Night Live. Who gave me the controls of this camera? Jenna's busy. So, uh, I'm doing the announcement video. Yes, the announcement video. And I'm gonna join join Jenna for the stream for tonight 6 pm. I'm gonna do my best to be there on time because I got some crazy work. But uh be there on time. Do some Epcot fun. Start at Epcot. Go check out some artwork cuz I haven't been there yet. I haven't been there yet. Check out some artwork. Walk around a little bit. Maybe a ride. Maybe a couple food items. We'll see. And then I think we're going to head over to some of the Epcot resorts, check out the resorts, walk around those for a little while. Just have a fun, great evening. I haven't been on stream for quite some time. So, uh, was able to get a get away a little bit while Jenna needs some help. Josh is busy and, uh, I'm it. She tried everybody else and finally she decided to ask me. So, but it'll be a fun night. Uh so please come join us stream Good Friday Night Live and uh make sure you check out all the sponsors below. Comment, like the video, subscribe, do all the stuff. And uh they have a saying at the end of the videos. It's been a while. Ah, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Have a great I can't even say it. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Go check out our sponsors, mikblog.com and miktras.com for the best and free Disney vacation planning advice. Mickeyas.com to book your next trip to Disney. Also, resorthomes.com. If you're wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resortv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy, go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. And our last sponsor, David Club Rentals at dbcrequests.com/tv. If you're wanting to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out again at dbcrequest.com/tv. >> Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
