---
video_id: SkDSU03l5Ds
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Friday Night Live at Disney's Hollywood Studios - 1-23-26 - Walt Disney World Live Stream"
published: 2026-01-24
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkDSU03l5Ds
---
Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I'm live here at Disney's Hollywood Studios. Welcome in everybody. Sorry I'm a few minutes late. I got out of school late and it kind of snowballed traffic and all the things, but we're here now and we have mom and dad with us. Lauren Hardy. So, we're ready to go. It's not too bad. We're beautiful weather and we're going to walk around and see what's going on and maybe see if we can get on some stuff and definitely do some fantasmic later and just whatever. It's going to be a good night. Is there popcorn involved tonight? I think so. I think yes. Please don't please don't say snowball. Oh yeah, some of you guys are getting a lot of snow. Yeah, be be safe over there. A big old winter storm. Yeah, sorry. I hope y'all everybody uh is safe and warm. Welcome guys. Be sure to subscribe if you're new. Follow us on all the social medias and um we will be happy to have you. So, let's um go over this way here real quick. I'm going to check uh wait times. Yeah, it's very busy. I thought it wasn't, but it actually is. That's what it feels like here. And of course, Jenna's not here because she's uh celebrating Dale's birthday today. So, happy birthday to Dale. But we're here and ready to hang out and enjoy. Florida has opted out of the winter storm. Much to my continued happiness, yes, we did. They asked us. They said, "Would you like winter storm?" We said, they said yes or no. We said no. No, we said no. That's right. No, thank you. Yeah, it's nice here tonight. Uh, is it right now? 74. Yay! Mom and dad. That's right. Happy birthday, Dale. Hey, Rosco. So, we were having dinner and I wanted to make sure had time to eat. So, I was a little late, but we um my food was the order was a little messed up, so I had to wait for that to be to be fixed. They pushed the button twice whenever it said it's ready. Supposed to push the button once to say it's ready. They pushed it twice to say that I'd already picked it up. So then we had to figure all that out. But it hasn't happened before. So that's all right. I'm sorry some of you guys it's really cold. I know we got lucky. We were having some cold earlier this week, but uh it got got warmer. So nothing like what you guys have, but you know, we're in a we're in a peninsula in the ocean. It's not going to get that cold here. So but anyway, well, looks like this is pretty long. So we'll just keep walking. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty nice though. Fast store right there. What is it? Right there. Fast right there. Yeah. That's the old Fastpass distribution. Yeah. Yep. That's the one. Of course, Rockin is not going to be around that much longer. It's going to be closed. Uh I don't remember exactly what day, but soonish. I need to get some videos. Hey, cardboard box. Make sure you buy an Indiana Champions shirt and frame actually. So, I do have Yeah, I did buy a U Indiana Champions shirt. I do. I bought two two Champion shirts and a and a hat and a little pennant thing. We bought some stuff. That was good. So, I know one of the things I thought would be cool is the um Indianapolis Star. They had a really nice front page and it was just a big picture I think of the the dive Mendoza dive which is the best picture and then it just at the top of the headline just said champions. That'd be cool to have. You want to frame you frame it? I mean well the online you could companies were you know selling it already framed for like 50 or 60 bucks but I didn't do it. That would be pretty cool. Oh, that's good, John Piro. Any professional development you don't have to go to, that's a that's a bonus. So, anyway, we don't come to studios that often just because I like it. It's got a great atmosphere, but it is more difficult to find rides to ride because all the rides are kind of like blockbusters and so they're always busy and so it makes it a little harder to do unless you're doing Lightning Lane and stuff. Can you find something with the student newspaper? Yeah, I mean that'd be pretty hard. You'd have to have somebody there because they only Hi, how are you? They only have um that for the students a lot of times. I don't know if you can buy it outside, but yeah, either way, it's pretty cool. So, I have my shirt and my hat and all that stuff. 645 Little Mermaid. Yeah, I don't know. I haven't actually haven't seen it. 16 in on Long Island. Yikes. We'll be on Long Island next Friday. Actually, about this time, we'll be out there. So, I'm sure there'll still be snow around. How much snow are we projected to get? Zero. They turned off the snow. We're not even getting snow, let alone snow. Yep. Everybody stay safe in the storm. That's for sure. I heard Jim Canour is going out to New York to cover it, so it must be real. If they they defrost Jim Canour, then you know it's real. They get him they get him out of his storage locker, put his blue jacket on him, and tell him go. Yeah. I'll be on Long Island next Friday for a um we're doing we're going to Liam and I are going to an a capella show and a fundraiser for Alzheimer's. So, that's going to be fun. You're hoping for a snow day on Monday. Yeah, that'll be fun. Always love those snow days when I was a teacher in Indiana. That is when we actually had snow days. Now we have hurricane days. Although we didn't have any this year. No hurricane days. Teachers and students, right? Hopefully everybody's got enough food and everything stocked up and you can just sit at home and catch up on uh whatever TV you haven't watched or watch the streams. Stay inside. Mod's watching from Tasmania. Nice. Some of you guys said below zero windchills. That's crazy. Crazy. Crazy. Yep. Let's see. Hello from Tennessee. Hi. How goes it? Let's see. I wonder actually wonder when the next I should have done this before we walked down here. Let's see when the next shows are. We look at the show times. Let's see. This is a little mermaid. The villain shows at 7:10. We could do the villain show, I guess. Have you guys seen the villain show? It's been a while. Been a while. Okay. Well, we totally watch it on the street, but I don't think I've seen person. And I haven't seen Little Mermaid. I mean, I guess I guess we could go see if there's room. Yeah, I'll go check it out. It's over here. The 645. I don't know. It may be already full. Okay. Uh mom and dad are here, guys. They're I just haven't shown them because the uh crowd is crowded, but they're here. I promise. Don't look down. Those lights are bright. Yeah, it's pretty. I miss Disney so much. Yeah, the actual temp is now below zero. I don't want to know what the windchill is. It's blowing pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. That's weird cuz if you look at it, this cold front, you know, it's going to end up down here, but it's going to be much much weaker um than even the ones we had before. Like we're not even going to hit freezing, whereas we did uh a week or so ago, a week and a half ago, we did hit freezing. So, it is interesting how it works out that way. Today's high in Minnesota is a minus 9. At least your trees didn't explode. That's good. Yeah. No, we like I said, we get lucky on that being the peninsula out there and being a little warmer. A lot warmer. And when it's minus something, you you know, you're actually in the in the danger zone because your skin can freeze pretty quickly. So, you got to bundle up for sure. It's not a question of just being tough at that point. It's a question of being smart, staying covered up. Yeah, it is. So, here's Mermaid over here. Let's see. I guess we can get there this way. Yeah. So, it's going to be a animation courtyard. It's going to look like that. Star Wars launch bay is going to be going away. And this is going to eventually look like this. So, it'll be back to animation, which is what it was a long time ago. Okay. The only thing is I missed the archway that used to be here. I took that down already. I'm actually not I'm actually kind of surprised cuz it like didn't seem to have much to do with one way or the other. It could have just been there, but I don't know. Not really sure. Yep. Happy birthday to Dale. Something feels missing. All right. See if we can get down here. I wonder if the I think the Taylor Swift outfits are gone. Somebody said or they were going to be gone pretty soon. Let's see if they've got room. You guys all right? Okay. Well, looks like they're letting people in. I don't know. We'll see. Will you be doing a live stream of the animation building when it opens? Yeah, that's the plan. Yep. Definitely. We'll come check it out. We'll see if we get a we get a preview of it with the media or if we don't, we'll we'll do it on our on our own. Either way, we'll definitely be showing it. All right, friends. Stand by for our show. It's going to be right down this way. If you have a lightning lane, we'll be around this way. Thank you. All right, let's see if we can get in. Yeah, that's right, Anubis. Yes, check on the elderly for sure. Make sure they if you can help anybody elderly around you with this shoveling, that is very much helpful. We used to We used to do that at home, didn't we? We helped some of the people around us that couldn't shovel as well. Oh, yeah. Or people you knew we would drive over to somebody and they were talking about 25 years ago. Then they were you were Oh, yeah. It was um No, it was more than 25. It was um 90 1978. Oh, okay. 1978 before it was a blizzard of 1978 and mom drove to school and and Chris were over the car. Yeah, I've seen pictures. Yeah. Apparently in '94 there was a cold front. It was the coldest temperatures ever recorded in Indiana. There was one place in Indiana was - 36 actual temperature and Indianapolis hit their lowest temperature ever which was -24. I think we were down in the I think Vinc was down in the minus teens or minus 20. It was pretty close to Indianapolis. Yeah. Yeah. We'll try and do Saturday Night Live tomorrow night, too. I have not seen this before. They they redid it. It's a different show. I mean, it's still Little Mermaid, but it's different way they're doing it. So, Hey, Patrick. Good to see you. Remember walking to school in 94 in 2 ft of snow? Yeah, we didn't usually have to walk very much, but it was so cold. Yeah, we're going to try and watch Little Mermaid. The rides are all pretty busy, so this might be a good option. We'll see. That's funny. Apparently the Ohio State coach said, "Anybody that watched that national championship notice we if we play today, we're beating either team by double digits." And I was like, um, I recall. Somebody else said, I recall you lost to both of them. Somebody else said, "Yeah, and if I picked if I picked different numbers, I would have won the lottery." Like, that's such a silly statement, you know, like, "Oh, if we' have played them, we'd have won." Well, if you hadn't lost, you would have been in the playoff there. You'd have been in the championship. That's funny. I don't know. I Yeah, I I don't understand the sour grapes comments from some of those. Like there apparently Miamiy's quarterback said that too. Like oh if I hadn't thrown that interception we would have won. How do you know? You didn't though you you did throw the interception and you lost. It's it's just so funny. Just just be a gracious loser. Be a gracious you know loser and say hey the other team outplayed us. We we lost. Just so funny. Hey Noel. What's up? No I was just saying what's up. appreciate the sportsmanship and the athlet, you know, the athleticism of all the players. They were They're all good. They're all good. Yeah. Coach good and and and appreciate that because they were both there teams. Well, they made it because they beat people. Somebody said Miami beat Ohio State, so that's why they weren't there. They were very good. Both teams. If a bullfrog had wings, he could fly. That's right. If only. Yeah. Yeah. You guys are all giving me the weather reports there. I see it. It's cold. Hey, Patrick. Blizzard of 78, Survivor, senior in high school. Wow. 78. You were teaching. Yeah. Rob says, "If I had played the lottery, I would have won." Yeah, it's exactly right. They said that snow over the car. They they had used a road grader, you call it a maintainer that would things in the punch to move the snow out. Wow. It drifted bad that year. It was a dry snow. This what they say is now is a wet snow. Yeah. That's kind of crazy. Very crazy. Has uh Indiana printed t-shirts that say who's your daddy? Oh yeah. We had those for years. We had those when I was there and we weren't good at football. My other favorite. I didn't get this one, but I still think it's a really cool shirt. Let me let me pull it up real quick. Also, I was showing mom and dad this one. If you Google Curtis Signetti, it says yes, he won. Because he said, "Google me, you know." So, it says, "Yep, he won." But here's the Let me see if I can find the my favorite shirt that came out of the championship. Hopefully we can get in here. This shirt Indiana beat everybody. Oh, that's pretty good. I just think that's And it's the Indiana font, too. I just think that's pretty cool. That's a good That's a good shirt. Yeah. Well, I thought, you know, pretty hard to do. So, you know, who knows? Happens again, that'd be good. But very, very hard to do. Everybody's saying hi to mom and dad. Yep. Yep. Hello. Welcome to A Little Mermaid Musical Adventure. If you hear the sound of my voice, please say ahoy. Ohoy. In just a few moments, you'll be heading inside, but before you do, we're going to ask that everyone that's sitting down, please stand up and move forward, filling in all that available space. Drinks are allowed inside, but please make sure all food items are finished and put away. In addition, make sure your entire party is together before heading into the show. Once you're inside the theater, please choose a row and swim all the way down. Most importantly, for the safety of Ariel and her friends, can we ask that there is no flash photography or external video lighting, please? Thank you and enjoy the show. Here we go. I'd like to see the LA Rams and New England Patriots go to the Super Bowl. We'll see how both of Sunday's games turn out. Yeah, we'll see. Yeah, I don't know. With the NFL, I don't have as big of a preference right now, but I know a lot of people are looking forward to the championship this weekend. Thank you, Aaron. That's funny. Three. Yes. Um, we had a we had some um when I was in college, we had some clever clever slogans about the um the Buckeyes in our on our t-shirts. I didn't have one, but there were some clever slogans that were designed that we shall not repeat. Yeah, Carbo Box. I know. Me, too. Kind of sick of the Patriots being in the Super Bowl. I remember the cold 1994 cold weather in Indiana. Today is minus 3 in northwestern Indiana. Wow. Yeah. Yeah, I sure did. We used to start the stove up in the walk out basement. The buck stove. Oh yeah. Yeah. It was so hot. That that helped though. Ohio State. Could have, should have, would. I know, right? here. Hey, how's it going? Um, Jose or Josie. Hello. Hey, Nicholas. Somebody said the um Adam the Gator. They named it Gator after Adam the Woo. That's cool. Come here to Ann Arbor inundated with clever slogans about that place to the south. I bet you talking about Notre Dame or probably not Indiana cuz Michigan probably wasn't too worried about Indiana till this year and last year. I don't think we beat Michigan very many times till this year and last year. making an undefeated season more record more interesting is the fact that before this year Indiana had the most losses. Yeah, for sure. No, they're saying it was the greatest turnaround in in sports now, which is crazy. Notre Dame if we don't get our way, we just quit. It's funny. Oh, Michigan fans are fine with Indiana win at all as long as Ohio State loses. You know, I got to give Ohio State credit though, too, because I had a lot of Ohio State people both on the stream and in comments and in questions and even like online and different comment sections saying that they were happy that Indiana won because it was a Big 10 team. So, that's cool. I can be gracious. It's just apparently not the coach. That's a cool one. famous porch Illustrated. Oh yeah, that's pretty good. That's pretty cool. How much do they want for that? $139 for it framed. $139 for the frame. If you want to just print of it, it's $25. But for the frame, I guess that's kind of an expensive frame. No, sometimes you get Yeah, I guess so. goddamn Yeah. $1 million. That's right. Dapper Kuck. Hello friends and welcome to just a moment. No, it's not mine. Oh, thanks. Say hi. Hi. How are you? Good. How are you? Yeah. Thanks for watching. We made it. You can grab the backpack if you need to. Okay, let's see. Oh, is that the front? Okay, I got confused. Got confused. There we go. As you enter, there can be no interruptions. Our musical performance shall begin momentarily. Thank you. You're welcome. needed his trip. Yep. I agree. Michigan fan, but Indiana needed that championship. Yeah. Would have been really antilimactic when ending the season 15 and one. You had to have that that last game for sure. 16 and there was way better. Hey, Ticker Tail, John. And of course, it was the first one, so that was even better. So, this is a Little Mermaid show. It was new um oh, sometime this summer, I guess. I don't even remember when when it came back out. Got nice. What's that? Have nice cushions. Yes, they're coming. Wow. 33.5 million viewers. That's crazy. Now presenting it royal, King Triton. and our esteemed court composer full of music Ignatius Catacious Celest. Thank you. Thank you. I'm really looking forward to this performance, Sebastian. Especially my little Ariel. Ah, yes. She has the most beautiful voice. If only she'd show up for rehearsals once in a while. We are the daughters of Tron. Great father who loves us and made us well. in her musical debut. Our seven little sister representing her to you Ariel. Ariel. Ariel. Oh, Flounder. Have you ever seen anything so wonderful in your entire life? Wa! Cool. How do I look? Harry. Daddy. What's that you're hiding? No. You went up to the surface again, didn't you? Didn't you? Daddy, I'm 16 years old. I'm not a child. Don't you take that tone of voice with me, young lady. As long as you live under my oceans, you'll obey my rules. But if you would just listen. I am never never to hear of you going to the surface again. Is that clear? If only I could make him understand. I just don't see things the way he does. I don't see how the world that makes such wonderful things could be bad. Look at this stuff. Isn't it neat? Wouldn't you think my collection's complete? Wouldn't you think I'm the girl, the girl who has everything? Look at this trove. Treasures untold. How many wonders can one hold? Looking around here, you think she's got everything. I've got gadgets and gizmos and plenty. I've got who's its and what's gore. You want thingamab bombs? I got 20. But who cares? No big deal. I want to be where the people are. I want to see want to see them dancing walking around on those. What do you call them? Oh, feet flipping your fins. You don't get too far. Legs are required for jumping, dancing, strolling along down. What's that word again? Streets of where they walk, up where they run, up where they stand in the weather. They wish I could be part of them. Oh, hey there, boy. Yeah, I know. I had to escape all that marriage talk. It's just I just haven't met the right girl yet. Believe me, Max, she's out there somewhere. I just know. Okay, boy. Hey, wait up. I don't know when. I don't know how, but I know something's starting right now. So deeply part of your Sebastian, I tried to stop him. Ariel, what is all this? It's my collection. Oh, your collection. Have you lost your mind? Ariel, listen to me. The human world, it's a mess. Life under the sea is better than anything they got out there. Oh no. Seaweed is always greener in somebody else's leg. I dream about that mistake. Just look at the world around you. Right here on the ocean floor. Such wonderful things around you. What are you looking for? Under the sea, under the sea, under the sea, the sea d away and And we shall say and all that. Oh yeah. TELL ME WHAT IS BETTER THAN ALL THESE. You just don't understand. Trust me. Everything you need is right here under the sea. Wonder when this music got to I better see you here. I got to see you know that's why it's lucky. How delicious. Daddy's the princess wants to be with the humans. It looks like Triton has witness after all. Blossom Jam. Bring her to me. Poor child. Poor sweet child. Thirsty love can help. Earth can make all your dreams come true. Now, now, Angel Finch, you're here because you want to be with the humans. Find your prince. Fall in love. Well, the solution to your problem is quite simple. Become a human yourself. Can you do that? Oh, my dear sweet child. That's what I do. It's what I live for. I'll make a potion that will turn you into a human for 3 days before the sun sets. On the third day, you've got to be a dear old princy to kiss you. Not just any kiss, the kiss of true love. If you do that, you'll remain human permanently. But if you don't, you'll turn back into a mermaid and you will belong to me. If I become human, I'll never be with my father or sisters again. That's right. But you'll have your dream. Life's full of tough choices. Indian. Oh, there is one more thing, sweet. No more talking, singing. Zip. But without my voice, how you have your looks, your pretty face, and don't underestimate the importance of body language. Come on, you poor soul. Go ahead, make your choice. I'm a very busy woman and I haven't done all day. It won't cost much. Just your voice. You got a soul. It's sad. But if you want to cross, you got to pay the total. Princess now singing Heat. Heat. What's your name? What is it? You can't speak. That's okay. One day. Has he kissed her yet? No. And there's only one day left. You want something done, you've got to do it yourself. First, we've got to create the mood. Percussion, string, wind. Yeah, you see her sitting there across the way. She don't got a lot to say, but there's something about her and you don't know why, but you dying to dry. You want to kiss the girl. Did you hear something? Yes. You want Look at her. You know you do. Possible. She wants you to. There is one way to ask her. It don't take a word, not a single word. Go on and kiss the girl. Sing with you. La my oh my look like a boy too shy going to kiss the girl sha la in that sush going to miss the girl you know I feel really bad not knowing your name but maybe I can guess is it Mildred okay no how about Diana Rachel Ariel is Arian. Ariel. Ariel. That's kind of pretty. Okay. You got to kiss me. You got to kiss the girl. Go on and kiss the girl. That was a close one. Too close. At this rate, we'll be kissing her by sunset for sure. Well, it's time Ursula took matters into her own tender will be mine. Your voice so much. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. What would I give to live where you are? What would I pay to stay here beside you? What would I do to see you smiling at me? She really does love him, doesn't she, Sebastian? It's like I always say, your majesty, children got to be free to lead their own lives. Well, then I guess there's just one problem left. And what's that, your majesty? How much I'm going to mess her Ariel. Daddy, I'm sorry you had to lose your voice in order for me to hear you. I love you, Dad. Eric. Eric. Heat. Heat. Heat. Gentlemen, On behalf of King Triton, we thank you for honoring us with your presence at today's musical performance. Now, please take all your children by the hand and swim to our performance. Yeah, very good. I wasn't sure at first with all the projections, but it worked out really well. I actually really liked that. The projections incorporated really well, especially in the chaotic scenes where, you know, they had Eric on that little piece of the boat and everything, just like in the movie where he sails it around and it's pretty cool. Very well done. They compressed it into a about 20 minutes, so pretty quick. They got it done. Yeah, we're out. Welcome in everybody. Welcome to Friday Night Live. It's just Jenna. Um or Jenna is with Dale tonight. It's his birthday, but mom and dad and I are here and having a great time. So, it's pretty cool. And always good memories of Little Mermaid when I got to conduct it. Get no kiss at the end. I have no idea. I guess not. It's hard getting out of here, that's for sure, though. Yep. Hello, FS Skipper. Dad, how are you? All right. So, I'm going to pull over for a second. I need to take more allergy medicine cuz my allergy thing is killing me. So, Dad, could you hold the shame on mom for a second? Just take some medicine real quick. Okay. Yep. Help me uh help me stop uh stop packing over here. All right. No worries. Yeah. 23 below zero with wind chill in Chicago. Oh my goodness sakes. Yeah. There's a lot of a lot of cold temperatures, that's for sure. Oh, yeah. Woohoo. Oh, there's a yellow, Josh. Huh? There's I'll get it back to you when I get Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Awesome. No, Liam. Or was that another night? Yeah. Oh. Um, another night. Another night. Yep. It must be our Hello everybody. There we go. Okay. Take time. Yeah. No, that was a really good show. What did you think, sweetie? I thought they did a great job. That was I think I can't remember what the other one was like, but this one was wow. Really good. Really good. Thank you. They did a lot. I mean, I think they had a lot. There's a lot to it, but you know. Yeah. Yeah. The projections were effective on the different screen levels. I thought that was cool. Yeah. and the way she looked like she was swimming. It was so Disan um sent a $5 super chat while watching while I'm anticipating 10 to 14 inches of snow. Wish I was at Disney right now to try to pass the storm. Yeah, I know. I get that. I wish you guys were too for sure. Uh be safe and stay warm and stay inside and all right. So, yeah, Liam was going to um join us tonight, but he ended up uh hanging out with friends, our uh friends, uh Dee and and her family. I think Dee is texting me. She was wanting to see Taylor Swift stuff. So, we're right here, so we might as well go see it. She's a huge Taylor Swift fan. And I think there's the outfits are in here. It's probably a long line, but we may be able to do a a a quick walk by without waiting in the crazy line. We'll see. Either way, pretty cool. Pretty cool. Okay. That's the last picture of Wol. Yeah. Yep. Bob Ger was talking about it cuz he said that was his firet truck that you designed and he said he he liked that that was the last picture of was on his fire truck. Maybe we need to see it. Yeah, it's really good. I hadn't seen it since they redid it either. I liked it. Hey, Candy. Star Toys is five. Yes, sometimes they let us do that one and sometimes they don't. We'll see. Either way, we shall see. The line doesn't look too bad. a little picture. Okay, let's see. I may have to turn on my Wi-Fi here in a minute. Excuse me. Sorry. Excuse me. I can't like walk through somebody. She's like not going to move. Okay, let's see. Oh, it's like not that bad of a line. All right, there's Disneyland. All right, so I may have to turn on the Wi-Fi. Yeah, this is not a big No, not a bad uh not a bad line at all. So, here, let's go up here. Is this the is this line at all? to see. It's not really a line. Kind of like organized chaos. I love that. It's my favorite thing. Hold on, guys. I'm going to turn on the Wi-Fi and see if that'll stick. All right, we're back. Hold on, Dy. I'll get up here in a minute. Pretty fun. The line used to be like out to the front of the the um building because she wore it so much. There you go. I'm tweaking out. I don't think they're going to be here much longer. I think just a couple days. A picture of her wearing some of these. this. There you go, guys. If you're a fan, you can uh get a good uh good view here because there's there's not that many people here right now. Before I had to wait a long time, so there you go. That's a good shot. All right, let me get out of the way. All right. So fun. I hope you guys uh enjoy the uh little tour there. There's the uh the sign for it. So, yeah. So fun. Thank you. I appreciate that. I I don't know how long it's going to be there. Did anybody know? Actually, I thought Dee was saying that it was going to be gone soon. This is the uh Coco or not Coco, Inc. in Kanto thing, right? It's the tropical tropical Americas. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Indiana Jones. Yeah, that's going to be in there. I bet that's right up there. Oh, today is it. Today is the last day. I got some good pictures, huh? Best friend Dudy is a huge huge huge fan of Taylor. So, that's cool. The outfits are neat, you know. And there was actually ones that she wore, I guess. So, wow. very famous right now. They used to put out scars in the movie. I remember that. So they moved stuff around. So this must be the entrance to Indiana Jones right here. This temple thing back here. Oh, and the Oh, okay. Temple of Doom, I think. So cool. And then this is the uh Piston Peak. Oh, that's going to be where the big the Magic Kingdom there where it used to be. So that's the river right there. Yeah. And this is where you meet Ariel during the day. The one from the movie. So there you go. Now, this is uh the Percy Jackson Percy Jackson stuff. It'll be exactly the same from what I understand. Yeah, it'll be fun. There you go, guys. One more look at the Taylor stuff. Apparently, it's leaving pretty soon. You go out this way. Okay, there we go. Excellent. So, we got good good view. Before the the weight the weight for those um items was way around here. So, yeah, it was literally all the way around the corner here. So, that was nice. Glad you guys got to see that with me. This is again what Disneyland looked like on opening day. So yeah, so little stuff there. So interesting. They did have the river boat though, so that was fun. Eloro What's that? No, that's Oh, they don't have them all there. They got a holster. There's no Oh, that's cool. I didn't know that about the Animal Kingdom display. That's pretty fun. moment we will be showing our next run of a special look of behind the scenes for using magic and the Olympians based off of the second book the sea of monsters. If you wish to see the behind the scenes you can join us at the theater located at the end of the museum. There's his railroad track in his backyard. Oh, yeah. Yeah. A little bigger. Maybe. So, do they have tours there, Josh? If you go special tours at all, you can see the railroad's gone. It's gone. Although, I did talk to somebody that was there at his house. I can't say how they got to go there, but no, it's actually privately owned and you would have to know somebody to go there. To go there. Yeah. Yeah, there's a stream tomorrow. That's real. Yeah. I mean, that was his backyard. Yeah. Oh, man. Yeah. It's so awesome. How fun. Switch tracks and all tunnels and tunnels. Yeah. That's lifetime. Hello, parrot head. Classy Disney mom Kelly. Welcome in guys. Sorry I haven't read a lot of shacks. We've been doing shows and things. This is the multiplane camera with our original picture broken down in this manner. It's possible to control the speed with which each individual part of it moves to or away from the camera. Here now is our same moonlight scene there. Crazy. Who's this? Yeah. The only thing missing from Walt's backyard is Liam's race cars. Yep. Hey, DBC Duchess. How are you? Yeah, we'll see if there's any any weight times. Yep, that's all done on computer now. Although, they're talking about going back to handdrawn animations, so we'll see if they really do or not. Uh let's see what the wait times are at this point in time. Everything's still pretty long. Yep, that's a thing that's happening. There's the original design for Epcot. So yeah, we got to do a few walk arounds here, I guess, because everything's pretty busy. Pretty much the only thing I could do maybe is uh right now is um the Smugglers Run Single Rider would be about the only thing I could do. Yeah, it's open during the day for character meetups. Oh, okay. Yeah, I love seeing stuff in there too, Kelly. It's really great. So, definitely make sure as we're walking here, check out our awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below. We've got mickeyras.com and mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. But if you want to book your next trip to Walt Disney, we'll just go to mickeytras.com. Again, that is mickeytras.com. They will help you book that next trip. Doesn't cost any more than if you booked it yourself and they'll help you with their expert advice. That is mickeyras.com and mickeyblog.com. They have all the latest Disney news and everything that's going on. What's up? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Cool. Clouds and moon. Very cool. The moon's almost laying down. Yeah. They did you guys see? They got the moon rocket out there ready to go. It's going to go in a couple weeks, I guess. That's gonna be awesome. It looks like it's It does. That's the Chester Cat moon. Hey Dan the train man. How are you? So yeah. Um also go check out um if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, go check out resorttv1homes.com as resorttv1homes.com. Go check it out. Uh we're broken by EXP Realy and we'll help you find your dream home here in Central Florida. It's hard to see on the camera, but Oh, there it is. Oh, now you can see it. Oh, here. Let me let me hold still for a second. Yeah. Yeah. So, resort tv1honomes.com. I don't know why it's doing that. That's fun. My camera doesn't know what it wants to do. That's funny. It's Yeah, it's focusing. I think it's dark, too, so I think it switches between the zoom camera and the main camera. It doesn't know what to do. But either way, yes, resortv1homes.com. Go check them out. Broker by expy. It looks like a good night for Fantasmic. It is. No. Right. Yeah. I've noticed that the last couple nights that it's been sitting down. Yeah. Getting snow in Baltimore. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know where the storm is or when it's going to hit everybody, but hopefully y'all you guys don't have to drive too much. I know it's no fun driving in the snow and it's also dangerous at times, so be careful. A smartphone. Yeah. They want to know what you guys' favorite Disney characters are. Do you have one? I know one of your favorites. I just got you the whole the whole show. There you go. Yeah. Winnie the Pooh. So, mom's Winnie the Pooh. Mr. Toad. Mr. Toad for dad. There you go. Mr. Toad. Yeah. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I like And Figment's in there somewhere. I like Figment, too. Yeah. They're all in there. No. plus 2,000 miles across the moon. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know how many miles the moon is. I'm sure they know. I have no idea. I know it's I know it's bigger than you think it is because it actually is pretty far away. But it'll be cool for them to go. They're not going to land on the moon, of course, but they're going to go around it. So, that'll be pretty cool to see the the footage they get from that and then watch all the crazy people try and say that they didn't actually do it for some weird reason. So, every time I see post about on Facebook, there's a bunch of people saying that it's going to be Hollywood and all that. I'm like, what are you gaining from that? Like, I don't Anyway, sorry, I don't want to get into the weird conspiracy theory people, but like I don't understand like what that benefits somebody to be like, look how smart I am. I know that it's not real. I'm like, but it is though. So, Keep thinking with people like that, you just ignore them and maybe they'll go away, but they don't. They keep coming. I was going to be in production of Alice in Wonderland Jr. on Chester Cat number three. The show is in May. Very cool, Micah. Well, have fun. Have fun. What is it? Oh, yeah. Like flat earth. I know. It's so crazy. It's like, wait, really? can be watched the launch in person. Yeah, for sure. Thank you for all your hard work on the 24-hour channel. I just had a knee replacement. It's got me through Sleepless Nights. Oh, Mickey Mac, you're very welcome. My pleasure. My pleasure. I'm going to be adding to it pretty soon. and I'm going to be adding a ride channel to it soon cuz I got most of my uh projects done that I was trying to get done for school. So now I'm going to have more time um at home to work on stuff. I was doing some of the school projects even at home. So I was just trying to get them done. So now I'll have more time. Dantori man says snow's going to hit his area around 8 or 9. Yeah, I imagine it's a lot of places similar to that. Very interesting. Let's check the uh wait time for the alien ride here. Yeah, I think it's pretty long actually. says 20. There we go. We're back. Sorry about that. I had uh I had the Wi-Fi still on and it just worked all the way up until there. I love the popcorn uh place. It's actually a popcorn. Did Did you want your popcorn, Dad? Or Fantastic. I mean, I wouldn't mind having some out there. Okay. I need to get before we get out there cuz you're star command. Come in. Star Command, Woody, I need new batteries. He needs new batteries. Nothing better than calm my nerves at Arctic Blast about to hit Texas. Yeah, we'll be careful. No way. So, we can keep going then cuz the uh alien ride's pretty long. Yeah. So, I'll uh I may I may end up doing a uh Smugglers Run um um single rider. We'll see. That'll work for us. So, you're you're welcome to come, but if you don't want to ride with other people, you're also welcome to just hang out. So, it's up to you. Jenna doesn't like to ride with other people. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You're in the mood for popcorn. Nice. How are you? Don't forget to Yeah, there we go. We found we found the the break in the crowd. Yeah, we did. Go ahead and hit the like, everybody. Subscribe if you're new and join us for the awesome stream. Um, you know what we might do too before we go on? I'm going to go this way. Let's see. go this way. I'm going to I'm going to take a quick restroom break, but then after that, we can go do um we can go over by uh the uh Rise of the Resistance and see if their single riders open. Was expecting 8 to 12 inches of snow. I'm going to stay in and watch the 247 channel. Nice. Yeah, you guys aren't subscribed over there, go subscribe to the 247 channel. It's going to be not going to be. It is awesome. It's fun and it'll it'll help you feel warmer because it'll show you it shows you the current temperature in Orlando. So, it'll help you feel better. Well, maybe. I don't know. Maybe it makes you feel worse. I was saying the wrong years on the Star Wars movies the other day and they're actually listed on this uh cargo ship up here. the years. There's the garage over there. Minus 4 in Michigan. Wow. Yep. That's crazy. Are any of the playoff games for NFL, are they going to be in cold places? All right, let's see. I think if I go up over here, that'll be probably the quickest restroom over here. I got all disorientated. I thought I was like, I thought there was one over here somewhere, but I lost it. I think there still is, but I missed it. I know there's one up here. We're going this way. I'm going to go down here and go that way. Okay, everybody stay in the cold temps. Yeah, the whole country except for Florida basically. Well, California is not cold either, but Yep. But a lot of a lot of the country, the middle part especially. All right, I'll hand it over to you guys for a second. All right. You want to go? Well, you go ahead. Now I can I can Should I go out there, Josh? Where's Yeah, wherever. You can look around at the stores or whatever. All right. All right. All right. Go ahead, honey. Be right back. All right. Hello, everybody. Oh, hello everybody. We're about three hours south of Disney. We're in Fort Lauderdale. Ah, so yeah. Yeah, it is. It's Oh, hello everybody. Good to see you all. Woohoo. Yeah, it's good to be here. Yeah, Josh. Um, hi. Oh, Jennifer Hell, how are you? Jennifer Price. Woohoo. Yeah, we we hadn't planned to come, but um Josh let uh late this afternoon he said that they had decided not to go and we said he called and said, "Yeah, we can we can make it now." Traffic. Hello, Mary. Classy Disney mom. Hello. Amy loves Disney. Woohoo. Johnny NY. Hello. I'm not leaving. Daddy, keep going. Polo, hi. It was so good to see you guys. Yeah. A BBC Marky Mark. I like that. Rich Rimple. Hi, Rich. Stay warm up there, Rich. You guys. Oh my. I feel so bad for it. Howdy. Hello. Is it Nicole? Nicole Candy. Hey, that's so cool. I love that. Disney mom 89. Yay. Tracy, how are you? We're doing great down here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Disney dad. Hey. Hey. Yeah. It's been a while since we've come, but you know, we're we're doing pretty good. Yeah. Yeah, we're doing it. We're hanging in there. Um, doing okay. And we appreciate you all uh watching and watching with Josh and Jen. Lincoln, Nebraska. Minus 23 windchill. Wow. We've had some wind chills that were pretty good, but I don't know about minus 23. I'm not sure about that. I don't know. We used to have a a a buck stove in our walk out basement and um when we bought the house up in uh Indiana in Vincens's and um we used it when it got real cold, you know, it was hard to have the heat keep up. We had a heat pump. Hey. Oh, thank you guys. It's good to see you all, too. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, thank you everybody. Yeah. you know, and so we used that and then and there was times that, you know, it really came in handy cuz it would heat the ba heat the walk out basement then come up come up the stairway too. Of course, it was all, you know, really nice to have that. Oh, thank you guys. It's good to see you all, too. Woohoo. Yeah, I've been working on the train. Got another little project with uh Josh and Liam. Uh coming up besides the slot cars is some I've gotten some erector sets, some vintage ones. Hey Butch, how are you? It's 12. Feels like 4 in South Williamsport, Pennsylvania. Wow. Yeah. For 12 in of snow. Waiting for it. Yeah. But we got another little project going out in the train room. Maybe we'll show you when we're going to we're going to do an amusement park. So, we're making uh ferris wheel, a carousel, uh flying airplanes uh with erector sets, vintage ones. I've gotten uh Oh, from Vince Sands. Oh, good to good to know that. Woohoo. Yeah, we lived there 29 years. Yeah, it's a great place. Um, a lot of history, a lot of lot of uh William Henry Herson was Yeah. If you want to, I'll do it. Okay, I'll I'll go ahead. Okay. All right. Oh, thanks, Chris. Yep, they did. We try anyway. I mean, they they they did great. I don't know about us sometimes. They did great. Such a pretty area in here. We watched the handcrafted doc documentary last night. I'll be re-watching that many times. Amazing how many old footage they have. Isn't that crazy? And they did such a good job with it, too. So, um yeah, it was so good. If you have not seen Disneyland Handcrafted, it just came out and it was awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Yeah, it's amazing. It's on Disney Plus and on um Disney YouTube channel. So, actually, let's go this way and check Rise and see if it's a single rider. Okay, we'll meet you. We're just going to head towards Rise. So, yeah. Um they had uh Disneyland Handcrafted and it's out now again on Disney Plus and also on um also on Disney's official YouTube channel. You can watch it for free. Uh either way, you know, if you pay for Disney Plus, obviously it's included and if you don't, you can watch it for free on YouTube. So go check it out. It's totally awesome. It's all this footage that you've never seen before of building Disneyland. And we got a sneak peek of it last week and uh so thankful that we did and now highly recommend it. It's one of those you want to grab the popcorn for and just watch cuz it's it's really really good. Yeah. Thank you for reminding me about that demonstration prototype for Saurin was a model from a from a recctor set. That's right. That is right. I remember seeing that actually. Oh, does Disney have Disneyland has Lunar New Year? That's right. I forgot. I have um a decent number of um of Chinese students and they uh uh celebrate Lunar New Year, too. So, it's always fun to learn a little bit about that. It's something I hadn't really previously known much about. So, that's pretty cool. All right. Sometimes they'll have the single rider open over here, but sometimes they close it at a certain time of night. So, it just depends on when they decide to close it. So, we'll see. But what it does with the single, I don't know if you've ever done it before, but they uh it it goes uh right into the hanger, you know, where the big hanger where all the storm troopers are. So that's you skip a lot of the line that way. Let's see. But it's over here. We won't get in it without dad, but I just want to make sure if it's open or not. Okay. Uh, yes, it does in fact appear to be open. Cool. All right. So, we'll have to wait for dad and see if he wants to do that then. I think that'd be super cool. Yeah, that one actually is not as bad as Falcon because you you're together with your people until right when you get on the ride, right? And then and then you just ride with somebody else, but that's not a big deal. No. All right. Well, we'll see if we can do that. Let's go out here and wait for dad. Uh let's see. I'll go by out here by the space ship. The A-wing out here. Space ship. All right. Hi, everybody. The game is in Denver, Colorado. It's supposed to be 23. Feels like 16. Okay. So, you know, cold. Yeah. Yep. Not below zero cold, but definitely cold. They said after IU won the championship, it was like 6° in Bloomington and that everybody was outside celebrating anyway. And then I guess operations are clear to go. Was proud of our Hooser people. They didn't really have any big issues or tear anything up. They said they had a fire, but then it was like, oh, they set fire to something and then you looked and it was like Oh, they're like standing around it. They were probably just cold. I mean, they probably shouldn't have set a fire in the middle of the street, but it looked like they were just trying to stay warm. Anyway, they said they said that the uh the police had all said that they were it was, you know, pretty pretty calm celebrations overall. So, that was good. Good job, IU people. Yes. Hey, Canadian Disney family. back% another 2 hours. No, no thanks, M. We're good. We don't need any more cold. We've got that back and secure. Yes, the single rider line cuts off almost all the queue and takes you right in. Even cuts off the first um it cuts off all the pre-shows. It goes, it basically takes you right into the hanger where the storm troopers are and then you go ride the ride. So, so I would definitely not recommend doing that for your first time. You want to see you're going to miss all the story and everything. So, but it's good for, you know, when you want to do it again and you don't want to buy a um lightning lane. There he is. Don't want to buy a lightning lane. So, that's the way. This is the way. All right. completed morning. Hey, the uh single rider is good for uh rides if we want to go do that real quick. Yeah, that one single's not bad. You're together until the very end. Okay. And you go right into the hanger. I mean, I don't know how long the line is, but let's see. All right, guys. Let's go do it. Uh let me see. What do I need to do on this one? I can't remember with my my connection. Oh, I I do remember now. Okay. I'm going to Yeah, I'll have to switch it over here in a minute. I need to switch to Wi-Fi and stuff. Okay. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Straight up ahead. You'll be split up missing all the shades. Thank you. You're welcome. All right, guys. I'm going to switch the connection real quick. Wow. No worries. I have a friend from high school too that I converted to. He converted me to he was the one that was obsessed with K. No, but in September 2020 3 hours long trip 1 hour there and 1 hour. Yeah, Amy, it's really warm here. Sorry. It's not me. It's not me. This is the triple rider entrance. 1 2 3 1 2 3 triple rider. So squeaky. Am I wrong? Triple rider. Yeah, look that three three. They said groups of three. I don't know. No, I think resistance require groups of three. No, groups of three are very suspicious. I hope you know that. Well, definitely. But there's only two numbers. No. Okay, we'll kick him out. Everyone's in there group of three. Group of three. That's also suspicious. And throwing people under the bus is not really a resistance trade. What's a bus? Does a bus exist in Galaxy's Edge? That's suspicious. What? Says the guy with Says the guy with the Six Flag shirt on. Sorry, I had to. I like this one. Promotions for you. The rest of you will be cleaning the barracks. This is the floor. She was going like behind the wall. We were just kidding. Just so everybody knows, we were just joking around. He's a nice guy. Okay. Really fun. He's not fun, but they are so inclusive and like he's so depressed. He's always bringing down the Oh, was it Was it lagging? Oh my gosh. I'm sorry. They love Eeyore. Sorry about that. I had no idea. Sitting here thinking it was on Okay, keep going. Oh my gosh. What are the names? Yeah, you got it. Kangaroo. A kangaroo. and Oh, hey James. We got him at the UK. I have no idea how that happened. Who's the owner? Yeah, we'll do we'll do um Fantasmic. Who's the president of that club? Chris does he know they who are they who No, I saw the the numbers go way down and I was like, "Oh no, they messed up." Are we good now? Can you guys see us? Let me see. That's a weird That's a weird little glitch in the matrix there. There was no signal issue. Oh, looks like we're back. Okay. Oh, there we go. Sorry about that. Must have been kind of a long time. Let's go. When I start walking, all will follow behind me in a straight line. Do not stop unless I stop. Understood. Good. Let's move. They did the whole show. to the left hand side. You won't be separated later. That was your choice to make, not mine. Let's go. Stay to the left. Good. Yeah, that's pretty good. Pretty cool. All right, so here we go. Shouldn't be very long from here. single line or you get straight up captured. Yeah, you have no choices. All passengers to the detention block. Troops, secure the flight. It takes a little bit longer right here, but it's still not bad. No, this is everybody, you know, yeah, everybody together. No, it's really not. Oh, yeah. No, so the lady did tell us at the front like he missed both pre-shows, which is true. So, Kelly said, "I can't wait to write it in person." Yeah, it's going to be awesome. You're going to love it. You're going to absolutely love it. and tried it many times. Oh, Tank's doing great. Yeah, he's Steph sent me this picture of him earlier today. Let's see if I can find it. Uh The tank was laying down and he had a bone he was chewing on. It looked like a reindeer because he laid right by the bone. There you go. He's laying on the floor. He lay by this bone. He looks like a reindeer. It's a tank deer. No, he's a good boy. He's a He's a happy dog for sure. During the I think he could tell at least I was nervous during the championship game because he would not leave me alone. Like he was like kissing and jumping on me and licking and and playing and everything. Yep. Yep. Exactly. Hey, Wallace faster. Yeah. Thanks for the stream. You're welcome. That's the puppy. Not a puppy anymore, really. But yeah, he's a he's a big boy. Thank you. Yeah, he is a good boy. Looks like Max from the Grinch. That's what I thought, too. tankaloupe. Yeah, he loves those bones, you know, to chew on. You can get them different kinds of bones at the store. He likes to chew on those. So, he sensed your excitement. Yeah, I'm sure he did. Attention security detail. All prisoners are to remain within specified names. So, Fantasmic is at um 9:30. So, we got plenty of time for that. Yeah. More than one. Tonight, it's just one just nine. So, it's actually after park close. So, this um the wait times are kind of crazy. You got 105 at tower. Oh, yeah. But then you got 45 minutes here. I don't know why here is less than tower. Maybe could be. Yeah, maybe. Or maybe only running one elevator in tower too. That is a possibility. Clarity. She's ready for the resistance. pipes froze. Oh, wow. You guys really had pipes freeze? Oh, that's rough. I hope that it's okay. Yeah, we we have plenty of time for that. That's right. Yeah. That kind of cold will get you. Yep. Have you seen Luke Lelay or Darth? I've heard they're bringing them in back to I think they're first doing Disneyland and then they'll then they'll do here tape on our pipes. Okay. Yeah, that's a good idea. Go Hoosiers. Yes. Go Hoosers. Who's yours? I won't yell it. I won't I won't uh I won't be obnoxious, even though I want to be. They're all dressed up. That was his first reaction when they first it says very on brand and then it said it said yeah he saved the smiles for All right, guys. We're getting close. We're getting close. Someone nominated any names has done the Eagles chant wall in this line. Oh, that's funny. Robert, was that you, Robert? Oh, they got a they got an opening in the line here. Oh, thanks for thousand likes, everybody. So, let's talk about a couple. Yeah, they haven't come in yet. Yeah, but still. Yeah. Let's talk about another I know. Talk about another awesome sponsor. Uh, Davis DVC Rentals. If you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, check out Davis DVC Rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. That's dvcreest.com/tv. It's pretty cool. Um, pretty cool way to check out DBC before you buy. Or even if you just need it and you don't need to buy, you just need it for one one trip, you can go to Davis DVC Rentals and grab a DVC room for a really reasonable price. dbcrequest.com/tv. We'll neither confirm nor deny. Yeah. Here we go. Like still I think they're just starting to send this just a regular line now. Look at this. Still nobody's going. Yeah, they're just going to send us. Yeah. That's great. Hey, Byron. My husband has done that, too. Go Birds. Yeah. Can't say I'm an Eagles fan, but you know, I I I respect the I respect the hustle of the cheer. That's right. Not have That's right, Cory. Not happy with the cold temper, snow accumulation, contact TV1 Homes. Yeah, it's um it's 70 um sorry, 69 degrees here. It's a balmy 69. So, if you're interested in that, you can go check out resorttv1homes.com. Come on down. The weather's nice. Uh, hey, Bander greeting from West Virginia. Was there? We're waiting. Snow apocalypse. I know. I heard about that. Is the storm named yet? Do we have a name for it? A lot of the winter storms get names. Oh, yeah. There is a name on it. Um, can't remember. Storm is what's the name of the storm? That's right. Dapper, not the six or seven. They'll tell me in a minute here. So, don't go anywhere. I know we're waiting in line here for a while, but it's this why it's worth it. And we will be live um for Fantasmic. Fern. They said Fern is the name. Snow makes snow face. I love it. We're not going to make it. All right. All the way down. all the way down. No, it's okay. You do walk slower. I can. I mean, I can if you want. He said, "Oh, it's okay. I can walk slower." Blue, blue, blue, blue, red, red, red, and red. Silver. Silver. Silver. Well, we got to ride together. All right. Now is just sympathizers. I need to look down and memorize your color you've been assigned. It is one of four simple colors. Blue, red, red, and orange. and you forget what color you're standing on, I am going to laugh at you. Especially because your color matches your uniform. Now, at this time, if you have anything on top of your head, bags on your back, waist, or across your body, they do need to come off and be held in your hands. As the only bags that will remain on you are bags you have underneath your eyes. Now, blue and red. Goodbye. Red. Found it. Red. Red. Oh, here we go. Sweet. Not again. Leave us. Yes, General. Enemies of the First Order, we will soon snuff out your meager resistance. You chose the wrong side, and now you will pay the resistance prisoners. You have what I want. You know the location of the secret base, and I will take it from you. We'll need it on the bridge. Keep the prisoners here. I will return to finish this personally. resistance to get you out of here. All right, let's go. Let's go. Blue and red to the left, blue in the front, red in the back, blue in the front, and red in the back. Silver and orange to the right. Silver in the front, orange in the back. Bags on the ground by your feet so you don't Wait, you're still here? Co's coming back with an attack force. Get to the escape pods now. Lieutenant Beck, we need to find him a way. All the way up, guys. Okay, take this corridor to the turbo list, then head down to the escape pod base. Those toys are programmed to return you to Baton. Hurry and don't get caught. Lieutenant Beck will guide you. Recruits, for your safety, stay seated with seat belts securely fastened. Keep your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the transport and supervise your children. Tell them it's a prisoner transfer. Did it work? Good. Now, get a move on. There's a clear path to the turbo lift at the end of the hallway. Turn right. The drone droid. You're lucky I didn't spot you. Take those turbo lifts and stay out of trouble. Hey, you're not authorized. Wait, they're going to move. The resistance will attempt to rescue the prisoners. They have neither the resources nor the courage to engage us. You underestimate their conviction. Raise the shields. Shields. I see no evidence now. Sound the alarm. All personnel that prisoners have escaped. I'm brave but ultimately hopeless. Attention. All resistance personnel. Abandon ship. I repeat, abandon ship. This is what it's about. There's no escape. You will tell me the location of the secret base and then I will destroy you and the resistance. You guys really kind of get close, don't you? Yeah. Okay, you're clear. Your escape pods came in a little off target. Ground crews will meet you outside the wreck. All right. Nice job, recruits. Not what you signed on for, but hey, your resistance now. I think I have that authority, right, Beck? Where's the lieutenant? I need eyes on Beck. I know scaffods down in sector 4. Verification ending from that. I should hope so. Great job, recruits. Thanks to your heroism, the location of the resistance base is secure. Bravo. SR5. You too. That's amazing what they can do. Very good. And sorry about the lag. It was a little The Wi-Fi wasn't working correctly. You could tell it was just No, I got it. Thanks. It was just off. There was a uh disturbance in the force in that one room. They couldn't the You could watch the Wi-Fi. It was flashing, but it wouldn't connect. So, it's a The boosters were out. That's all right. We still enjoyed it. It was still fun. I got it back as soon as I could. I even switched really quickly to AT&T cuz I still haven't gotten rid of it yet. And that even that didn't work. But that's all right. It's all most of it. Okay. I wonder what time I don't know what time we went in. Yeah, I don't know how long it took. That was pretty quick. Yeah, it wasn't bad. Really good. We live to fight another day. So, let's check weight times here real quick. Let's see. We have uh pretty long ones. Yep. Pretty pretty long. So, yeah. Oh, tower's gone down now. We may start heading that direction. Let's see. Okay. All right, guys. Thanks, Avery. Thanks, Eden. Hi, Tiger Tail. All right, I'm going to switch you guys back to regular connection so we don't have any problems cuz I don't trust AT&T. It didn't It didn't work in there anyway. All right, I'll be right back. All good now. All good now. Okay. Thanks for your patience. I don't like being laggy, but sometimes we don't have a choice. Yeah, that's it's a pretty good way to ride the ride if you've seen it before. Yeah. Especially since they let us ride together. Sometimes when the single gets backed up and there's nobody in the standby, they just send the single. I'm not sure why there was nobody in there. Yeah, I don't Oh, it said 45 minutes for the wait time. So, it must have gotten there must have been a problem. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe this way for me. I got little legs. But are you like really here or you just joking? Sorry if you're actually here. I'm sorry. I'm not trying to be mean at all. Here, I'll stop over here. Sometimes people joke around like they're here. So, this is where Monsters is going to be. Of course, there's the old Muppets Theater. Rizzo is do what? Um, what was it? We used to go sit in the Rizzo. It's closed. Not Rizzo, but it's over there. The pizza place. Oh, yeah. Pizza Rizzo. Yeah, Pizzeras closed. Yeah, I closed with the rest of the park or with the rest of the land there. Okay. Yeah. All right. All right. You should go in there and cool off. No, you're right. Yeah. We supposed to hit a boost button. I don't know. I hit a cell phone booster button for the Wi-Fi to work. Do what? your leg. I know mine will be rubbery. Let's see. Let's go. Uh uh this way. I think this will be quicker. Yeah. My ankles hurt after a while sometimes, but I uh the worst part is not walking. The worst part is just standing. Standing. Do they still have a good burger in here? Have you guys eaten this side? And not for a long time, but I I feel like u I've heard that it's still pretty good. I think it's I don't know somehow different. I'm not really sure. We have not been in there for ever. Long time. Yeah, we used to used to always eat in there. Yeah. I like the cars. Yes. No, I'll have a I'll have my uh traditional Saturday stream tomorrow. Um so hopefully magic. We'll see again since I did Hollywood tonight. Um, yeah, we'll kind of see how it goes. So, I didn't do an announcement video cuz I was out with some friends last night and didn't get home till late and I just didn't feel like staying up extra late to do the announcement video. So, sorry about that, but I was prioritizing sleep. So, I went ahead and made the thumbnail and then that was good enough. 2° in Buffalo. Yeah, 60 68 here or something like that. Sorry. We're going to have get popcorn. But first, we're going to go do another ride before you go over. Yeah, we're going to probably do that and then once we get into Fantasmic, you can grab it. Unless you want it before that. Well, no. I I know how busy it gets up there to get popcorn sometime. But Oh, okay. Yeah. But no, I I don't know what I can Well, you can also get it before we go in. Let's do that. Yeah. Okay. So, my um my uh plan was to see if Tower had calmed down enough to ride before we go into into Fantasmic. So, I'm going to see if that's good enough or not. Oh, it's hype. And you can do it once the stream is over. Oh, that's right. Thank you, James. I I I remember that now. So, there's a Yeah, there's a hype button and if you want to help us out, uh, one of the things you can do besides hitting the like, the like is something you can do on every video and then you can hype a video. basically just like sending it up into people's recommendations. And if you hype it, then that means that it like you can only do that a couple, you know, like a certain number of times every every few days or every week or something. But anyway, if you do that on some of our streams, it really does help them to be pushed out to more people. So, that's super fun. So, thank you for anybody who has done that already. I know some of the videos have already been hyped, so thank you. What do you want? What do you guys want? I mean, yeah, but I don't know if they have it anywhere. Uh I mean, they do have I think they have the the Mickeyshaped cookie at the Starbucks. I'm not sure. Sometimes they're okay. Yeah. Now, sometimes they're kind of hard. Oh, yeah. You don't want to do that. So, other than that, I I don't know for sure. You can run and go get some somewhere cookies that you can think of for you guys. Yeah, totally up to you. I don't know where the popcorn is. Popcorn. Oh, right. Right here. Right. There. And there. Okay. What would you guys like? Where Where's a place I can get you some snack? Only some devices have the hype. Um I don't know cuz I think that I think Starbucks is about the only place. I don't know if there's other places like with cookies and things. Yeah. Well, yeah. They don't have the traditional the traditional uh Magic Kingdom Nestle cookies. Um, I hype the vids as much as I can. Thank you, uh, Eden. We appreciate that. I see. This reminds me of IU cuz we used to play this song in the Marching Hund. And that's We had our own version of it. Sing sing. You remember hearing the marching hunter play sing? I think so. Yeah. That was our big loud song. I feel like Oh, you remember you couldn't sit down. You had to stand the whole game. Oh yeah, we never sat down. The worst game probably when we had was when we played Ohio State and of course they killed us and uh I mean this was 1998. Uh but it was raining and it was also ABC. It wasn't even ESPN. It was ABC televised game. So ABC televised. So they kept stopping for commercial breaks while we were getting wet cuz it was raining and it was just we had we had jackets on but it was uh rain jackets but it was so bad. Like I said after the game I told my roommate I said I don't think I've ever been that wet in my entire life. Like it was just really rough. 111 days to go down to the magic. Nice. So again if you guys haven't heard we got mom and dad with us today. It's been busy. So you not always hear them then maybe but they're here. Um let's see. I don't know where else. Yeah. I don't know if there's other places with snacks. I'm not sure. I mean, there is there is ice cream, but it's usually pretty busy. Mhm. They do, but they're kind of hard to eat and walk. So, I don't know if you know, I mean, we can. So, I'm good for now. I might just take a Coke here a little later, but I'm good for now. Okay. Unless, you know, if mom has something she wants that's available. You good? I love singing. Every time I sing every time I ever heard it hear it, I think about SS America of 1940. She was a beautiful ship. Yeah. Such a cool era when they when they did those songs. So cool. Yeah. We played sing S and that was our that was our signature song. No, it was uh it was very very loud. Yeah, here's the beginning of it. See if you guys can hear it. This was a 1998. Kind of hard to hear. Anyway, sorry to hear, but yeah, we was so fun. Um, we made a we made two CDs while I was there. We actually sold them. Like, they were sold in Barnes & Noble. So, that's from one of the CDs we had. I ripped it to iTunes at some point. So, it's on my phone. So, it's fun. That was fun. Fun times. Fun times. That's what I was like thinking to myself like this morning as I woke up and you know I was getting ready for school and I was like I'm still kind of excited that we won the championships. I that's kind of silly. Why am I still so excited about it? I thought well I had a lot of really good memories there at that school. So maybe it's a little bit more than just the game and just more the memories of the school and the you know and the and you know being happy for the school that I was a part of for a few years and cuz at first I was like okay I mean you know it's just a championship for a school I haven't gone to in 20ome years but no it's it's it's pretty cool actually to remember all that stuff. Wait times are as busy as June. Yeah, there's not really down times anymore now here out here it's not as bad. It looks like they've already let in to Fantasmic. It starts I guess in an hour. I don't know if we want to sit there for an hour, but we can. Let's look Let's look at the uh wait time for tower first cuz I mean we don't have to be in the perfect seat for 10. You don't want to be in the front. You get wet. part of our dining. Yeah, that recording that I played, that's that was 300 people. So, it's pretty pretty amazing how tight it was for that many people playing. 2,700 people in the chat. Welcome in. This is like July this year. He was just thinking about how nice the picture is considering how dark it is. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, says 25. We'll see what it looks like. Mandalorian. Mando. Oh, what do you think? I can't see it. I can't either. It's going to get lined up pretty good. So, I guess we can just go for it if you guys want to go. Okay, please have your entire party together before you enter the line. Welcome in, folks. Enjoy your stay. Stand by on the left, reservations on the right. Oh. It lined up pretty quick. Okay. No, that's not going to work. We're going to miss Fantasmic. That's that that's that's going to be like an hour. There's no way that's 25. Excuse me. Thank you. Yeah, that's just lined up faster than what they could keep up with the weight time. Yeah. No, cuz then you missed the show. Yeah. Also, it' been 25 for a few minutes. It took us obviously, you know, a little bit to get all the way across the park. So, maybe a lot of people saw it and ran in there. So, it legitimately probably was 25 at some point and then it, you know, went up. I bet. Watch that thing. I bet it'll update pretty soon here. That's all right. Yep. Yeah. Mom and dad are here. So, let's real quick then since we have time, let's walk over by Rockin. We're not going to ride it, of course, but um we can just show the area because it's going to be gone pretty soon. Yeah, they do have Cokes and stuff there. Now, cookies are pretty much only in the Starbucks and also over by the uh you know, Incredibles area with the Jack Jackack cookie. So, we don't have to do that. We're good. No, it's just they just don't have a good selection of chocolate chip here. Every other every other park has a has it. This is just the one. So, it's all right. I probably should try the Mickey Mouse one again just to see if it's good. But it's um sometimes hard. That is 25. I just did it yesterday. It's one turn and you're under the gazebo, not the whole thing. Oh, okay. Well, Yeah, we weren't sure. We didn't want to. I also am am worried that even if we did do it with the 25. Oh my god. If it if it if it slips to 35 or 40, we're going to miss Fantasmic because there's only one show tonight. So, I think if we' gotten there earlier, it might have been okay. But yeah, I think this is a safer bet. The question is, will they keep the giant guitar for the Muppets? I don't know. That's so fun. Yeah, I love the actual rock and roller coaster. It's cool. I can't wait for the Muppets either, but I'm just kind of going to miss the rocking. Of course, the villains are over there, which actually I still think that eventually they should put the Muppets back over there next to the Muppets. Muppets 3D over by the Muppets roller coaster, but we'll see. It seems It seems too obvious. I don't think we've seen the good ones other than All right. Water. money. All right. So, if you want to get something or um we can either go in there and get it or we can uh you can get it out here. I think I don't think there's anything up on the screen and I'll get it. Okay. We'll take our time. Get you guys. We got about we we got about an hour before the show. But but but it I but I also think it's going to this it's going to fill up probably because there's only one show tonight. We'll see. Well, that will give us time to get something when we're in there, then. I guess that'll be fine. Is going to be on your right hand side. All right. Are we going? All right. Okay. All right. So, so yeah, we'll just have to wait a little bit, I think, tonight because um a lot of times when it's busy like this, they'll do an 8:00 show and 9:30, but today's only a 9:30 show, which means that yeah, it' be pretty easy to miss it, I think, if we don't go now. So, sorry we didn't get to do more rides, but we did some fun stuff anyway. We don't go to Hollywood that often, so it's nice to be here. It is very dark back here. Jafar's like floating up there, frowning at us. Hollywood Hills Amphitheater. You are welcome to bring refreshments in with you or purchase them inside. Yeah, we do. We have mom and dad out late. We need sticks. Time is the 3:00 parade start. 10. Hope you guys are doing good. We're walking a lot. Welcome, my friends. Six to your right hand side of the umbrella. Stick to the right hand side of the umbrella. All right, my friends. If you're pushing the shoulder, we're gonna go to that left hand gate. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Almost there. We have a party. For your convenience, restrooms are located in the courtyard just outside the time you turn on the northern lights. Oh, you guys up there in Canada will have to tell us about the northern lights. I've never seen them before other than I saw a little bit of afterglow here in Florida. We had a little bit, but it wasn't bad. It wasn't like what you guys see up there. in Indiana. They were seeing them like crazy when it went way down south. Have a great show. Thank you. Oh, they're taking us this way. Looks like they're taking us this way. by the parking lot here. Or I ride a ride during use iPad. You're so nice. Well, thanks for staying with me, guys. See you Fantasmic uh in a little under an hour. So, don't feel you're good. Take your time. Don't go anywhere. We're we're uh just going to have to wait a little bit because it's going to be a full show for sure because there's no no second show tonight. Okay, I guess there's plenty of room right now. Oh, maybe I was wrong. Who knows? Maybe we didn't need to get here this early. But better safe than sorry. Your 76-year-old mom is supposed to have surgery, hip surgery, due to not having her hip replaced, but having a torn ligament. Oh, sorry to hear that. Well, hopefully it it goes well and it's very smooth and I know have to do rehab and stuff after that. So, hopefully that works and works well. Yeah. Thank you for letting us know. We'll you'll have to let us know when it's finished. meatballs. You would have like an Oh, Miss Disney fan. No worries. I was lagging. I was seeing rides. Yeah, that was a little bit ago. A little while ago. All good though. Good evening and welcome to the Hollywood Hills Amphitheater. Please select room for all three of us and that'll be it. Way across for guests entering behind you. For your safety, we ask that you refrain from walking across nice cuz over here there's no pole in the way. And enjoy. Fantasmic. I'm just fine with a coke. Yeah. No, I've never been to Clark's Trading Post. I've never been to uh New Hampshire at all. Oh, and somebody's asking me if I've been to a certain place in New Hampshire. I said, "No, I've never been to New Hampshire. Did they move or move? This is fine. That way we can get out easily. Exactly. I agree. We're We're already all the way down. Yeah. Thanks for being here, guys. 1. in the middle. Hey, how's it going, Rob? Welcome in. Oh, we're going down. I didn't see that there was all this room down here. Oh, well, that's all right. No, we got we we got a little we got a little more room. Yeah, we're good. Yeah, thanks. So, it'll be interesting to see how quickly it fills up. We still got quite a bit more time. I guess we might have been able to ride that ride, but you never know. There are a lot of people. Yeah, there really are. And welcome to Fantasmic. For the safety of our performers, the use of laser pointers during the performance is strictly prohibited. If you are just entering the amphitheater, please do not walk. Oh yeah, tower went up to 40. Thank you for your cooperation. It wasn't 25. Enjoy the show. Anyone else remember when the Disney Channel stars recorded these old songs? Yeah, I do remember. It's been a while, but I do remember. So, for some reason, Magic closes at 9:00, but there's a Starlight Parade at 10:00. That's interesting. Huh. You see um you see Magic closes at 9 to 9. Yeah. And then you see Fantasmic. And then you see uh Starlight 10:00 an hour after the close. It's kind of weird. I'm surprised they're doing it. They want to get everybody out here. Yeah. I mean, it's nice, but Yeah. Last night they didn't. Last night they just did one. Yeah. So, Jamaican bobsled team qualified for the 2026 Winter Olympics. That's good. Jamaica Jamaica's back in the bobsled. Just like cool running. That was a good movie. Music reminds me of art. Art of animation food court. Yeah, it's a good it's a good mix. I bet by 9:00 it'll be pretty full. No, it's not cast appreciation even. Um that that comes later. They for cast appreciation they close at like 6 or something. Um, or maybe they already did it. I can't remember what night that is. But no, it's just been closing really, really early. I don't know what the hours are for tomorrow, though. We just missed you, Hollywood. We opted over to Epcot to catch the fireworks. Oh, Lenny. Yeah. Sorry about that. But no worries that we missed you. So sorry to believe people are comfortably outside watching Fantasmic while we're sitting at a polar vortex at - 10. Yeah, the world is a weird place for sure. We came over here. I'll make the seated Oh, Magic Kingdom is 10 p.m. This is for My app didn't update. This is from yesterday. Oh, that's just Thursday. I need to reset my app. That's just Thursday. Okay. Let's try again. Yep, you're right. So, that makes sense then. So, it it just didn't update. The app is so messy lately. Yeah, it is really, really bad. It does not update. It gets locked up. I got to fix it. It's one of the worst things. There we go. Okay. Nope. You're right. So, now now it says 10:00. All right. And I'm assuming tomorrow, too, right? Like you said, yeah, tomorrow is tomorrow's also 10. Okay. This is my app. We should start a bobsled team, but Jamaica can qualify. So, can we need a Florida bob sled team? Where would they practice? I don't know. Same place Jamaica does, I guess. That's true. Good point. Hello, proud patriot. I know this isn't the most exciting thing, but the show will be worth it. Oh, Jenna's husband is Dale. It's his birthday today. Tim is just a friend. My dad That's a lot of hair. You can braid it like So, how how was everybody's week? Let us know. Everybody have a good week. probably pretty cold in a lot of places, but I went pretty fast if you were off for Martin Luther King Day like we were. Uh Jenn and Dale got married um in um 2008, August of 2008. I don't remember the exact day, the 20some, 23rd maybe is what's coming to my mind. But anyway, sometime the end of August 28th. Oh, dad. Come here. Come here. Are you all right? Good evening and welcome to the Hollywood Hills. Oh, sorry. I'm glad you didn't fall. Select a road and move all the way across to make room for guests entering behind you. For your safety, we ask that you refrain from walking across or climbing over the venue. Great week. So blessed to have a job, comfy bed, and yummy food. There you go. Yep. Same thing. My husband and I were off Monday, too. Went fast, but it was stressful. Same. It was very busy. Um Liam had musical practice on Wednesday, and we ate with our with our really good friends on Wednesday night, which was great. So, by the time we got home, it's, you know, you're tired and I was already exhausted on Tuesday from being up late for the championships. It was a really good week, but very, very busy. Minus 23 in Minneapolis. Yikes. Oh, I didn't see the Chloe video. I saw I saw that she made it, but I didn't see it. Still trying to get back in the swing of things after the holidays. or would that be another 24-hour? Um, I don't know. I I don't know. I'm not really too keen on it. It was fun, but kind of like been there, done that. So, I don't know. We have our 24-hour stream, though. Um, on Resort TV 24/7. You can watch anytime. I just don't have to stay awake for it. One good thing. No, although we're we're it's it is filling up. But yeah, the tower terror went up to 40 minutes. So I we wouldn't have I don't think we would have made it back in time cuz that was about 8:30. About 8:30 when we got in line for that. And so 40 minutes would have put us at 9:10 or 9:15. There would have been no way we would have gotten in at that point. No, that's all right. Why are we sitting so on the side? Well, they told us where to sit, so we just have to sit where they tell us. We're not actually too bad, really. This is actually a good spot. We were way over there and we moved down. Um, so that area right there, we you almost can't even go over much further cuz that area right there is dinner package only. You have to have a dinner package to do it. Oh yeah. Could you do a Day Out with Thomas event someday? You know what? We did that with Liam a few years ago. He's definitely too old for that now. And but the one time we did take him, he got sick and was and he slept through most of it. Poor guy. Steph and I enjoyed it more than he did. The Thomas the Tank Engine. We had fun. He was so cute. Seriously, Steph and I had a blast. And they were like Liam was like sleeping in the stroller. Poor guy. We tried to wake him up and we rode the train. Well, he was just he just had gotten some kind of a cold or something. So then when we got on the train, we tried to wake him up so he could see it, but Oh well. Hey, David. So funny with Steph. Yeah. And we've been together a long time, so we're just we're we're kind of funny for sure. Hey, David. Good evening and welcome to Fantasmic. For the safety of our performers, the use of laser pointers during the performance is strictly prohibited. If you are just entering the amphitheater, please do not walk across or climb over the benches. Thank you for your cooperation and enjoy the show. Yeah, they're coming in coming in like crazy now. Yeah. So, the wait times never really went down. Everything stayed very busy. Actually, Rise is down to 30. Okay. 10 minutes left for the park to be open. Rise is 30. Star Tours is 10. No, the tower's still 40. Rocking 45 and Rail Railway 40. Look at our kids. I hope everybody's ready for an awesome show. for about 40 minutes. What? I think it's like 9,000 something. I almost forget. Okay. So, Hollywood Hills Amphitheater approximately seating capacity of 6,900 with additional space for 2500 to 3,000 standing guests totaling nearly 10,000 capacity. Yeah. The dedicated venue frequently fills up during peak times and is recommended to arrive 45 to 60 minutes early. No, at least 30 minutes early. Hey, Retro WDW. How are you? Good to see you. Good to see you, Retro WDW. Good evening and welcome to Fantastic. For the safety of our performers, the use of las pointers during the show is strictly. Thank you for your cooperation and enjoy the show. And David, that's funny. I don't think they're missing the snow. That's for sure. David said we can FaceTime and he can you can see the snow again. And it was and then by the next day it was dirty. Yeah, that's true. It was always nice before nobody had walked on it or anything or Like here it is. We're almost 9:00 and it's going to be they're going to start filling the last section. So you really do need to be here 30 minutes early at least. I'm waiting on some new retro tech videos. Yeah, I did one a couple weeks ago, but I haven't had time since then. Boy, I haven't even been home at all this week. So, um, what was it? Well, well, I take it back. I was I was home uh Monday. Um Monday we had the championship game, so we watched that. Tuesday I had the stream uh with the chle Tuesday, but I left early because I was tired. And then Wednesday Liam had rehearsal and we went out to dinner with the friends. And then last night I was out with our California friends. So that was u and then tonight. So yeah, I haven't been home at all. That's too bad. So, I'm going to stay home tomorrow other than I'll stay home in the during the day tomorrow and then go out at night. But yeah, busy busy. Yeah, David. I know. What's that? Oh, yeah. Okay. Stuck in the hospital with an infected kidney stone, but Resort TV wants the best medicine. Thanks, Kev. 81 to 87, huh? Wow. Pretty warm. So, Sunday is going to be 87. That's crazy. I know. And then we go to 726. 56. Well, that's when the cold front comes through a little bit. It won't be too bad, though. Good evening and welcome to the Hollywood Hills Amphitheater. Please select a road and move all the way across to make room for guests entering behind you. For your safety, we ask that you refrain from walking across or flying over the benches. Thank you and enjoy fantasmic. Your Sunday is 87 and our Sunday is snow. Snow snow. Yeah. Yeah. It's going to be snowy. You hope the fantasmic. O over here receives a 2.0 update. I want them using the 2.0 score for the opening for now. Yeah, I hope so, too. That would be nice to see the 2.0 update at some point. The music is really good for the Disney the Disneyland Fantasmic. Ours has been updated a little bit, but it's not been bad. up here. What's wrong? Let's see. We're not quite starting to fill the last sections yet. Got a little more time over here. It looks like they might be the dog. The top. They go They go across the across the top behind us. I want it. Look at that grandma. Oh, wow. He's got everything. He's not going to He's about to lose that one. That poor guy. Oh, there. She's Yeah, he's going to help him. Help that man. Help him. Teamwork. No. Yeah, I know. I know. I've got this one right here. Well, they used to. They don't. No, they don't do lids anymore. I guess it got tired of cleaning them up. Probably. It's They said it's for environment, but I think it's more like cost savings. Yeah, I agree. Oh, Murphy. Yeah, I know. Murphy. Yeah, the the um the dragon Maleficent. I know. I've heard it's gonna be hard to rebuild her, so we'll see. Uh, our eventually says, "Hey, mom and dad, Heather and Emmy." Stay warm up there. Yep. Keep stayed. All right. What you got? So, the show's going to start in about 30 minutes. Oh, also we get to hear U Luminous. Luminous just started right behind the mountain there. You can't can't see it yet. I think if you sit over there far enough, you can see it. Oh wow. Adventure - 16. Feels like that's crazy. Crazy. Feels like Feels like - 16. This is what Jen and Dale left their they did a recessional to their wedding for this song. I remember cuz I pushed play. I pushed play and then I ran downstairs to take the pictures and help out. again. was your shot. Oh, yeah. It was a good one. Yeah, I know. I don't either. She pro she probably does. I'm sorry. I wouldn't know either. Almost 50. Yeah. Yeah. 2500 people in here. Welcome in everybody. Hope you're enjoying the stream. It's uh been a fun one so far, even though this is the this is the sitting part of the stream, but I'm glad we got good seats. If we got here later, we would be on the edge. But yeah, anyway, we definitely um definitely got good seats here. So, be sure to um be sure to hit the like if you haven't already done so, subscribe if you're new, and check out all the awesome sponsors. Let's see who we haven't talked about yet. Uh Davis DVC Rentals. I think we did talk about them. If you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, check out DBC David's DBC Rentals at DBCrequest.com/tv. We also have I know we haven't done Behind the Ride um or Disney Demystified. Both of those are books, ebooks that you can read if you go to Amazon um and you can just go to um you can just go to um Amazon and search for Behind the Ride or Disney Demystified. So just go to Amazon, search for Behind the Ride or Disney Demystified. So definitely check that out. Uh and Disney Demystifi is an audio book now. So behind the Ride or Disney Demystified. And we had um who else do we have? Um, oh, Dream Table, if you want with Dream Table, if you want to um Oh, you're good. Oh, no. You're good. All good. I was just like, what? What? I was going I was going to get I was like I know I better go back to norainer. Um, so we also have um Dream Table. So go check out um Dream Table if you want to get all the hardest to find reservations here at Walt Disney World and any other Disney park. You just go check out Dream Table on the app store. They're a great app. It's really, really cool. Just go, it only works on iOS for right now, but just go to um go to the app store and search for Dreamtable. You can also go to dreamtable.co, their website. But what it does is you can put in like what day you want for the reservation and how many and then you can do um you can search for the date and then it will come it will actually like find the reservation for you and it'll notify you when it's there and then you just go book it. So it's pretty cool little app dreamt.co or just Dream Table on the app store. Go check it out. You guys want good pizza next weekend? Are you sure, David? I like good pizza. I don't know how much we're going to be able to like get out of that college area there where we're going to be, but hopefully you guys can join us over there. I think he's going to come over hopefully. Uh where we're at going to be in New Jersey there or not New Jersey, Long Island. So, uh Long Island area, Adelfi, Adelfi University, I think we're going to be had a 10 out of 10 experience with David DVZ. That's awesome. Handcraft is seeing Walt pulled on heat strings. Oh yeah, I know. Or heartstrings. Yeah, that's so cool. So cool. Are you trying to be No. Flat girl. Flat girl. Flat girl. Flat girl. Yeah. Anyway, definitely go check it out. Dreamtable.co. Oh, David, I I believe you would. Um there's a uh a singing ac cappella competition called Sing Strong. And so u one of my our good friends is in charge of it. So, we are going to uh enjoy it and also sing. We're singing and the uh there's a there's a part of it called single singers, meaning people that are not already part of like a group. And so, when we we will actually end up u being like even having microphones, Liam and I will. So, that'll be fun. Super fun. Yeah. Go check it out. If you're in the city, I'll bring you to uh John's and Bleecker Street Pizza. Oh, cool. All this chat about cold temps is my wife Tempest reaching for the blanket next to the couch in San Diego where it's above 60. And that's how we are in uh that's how we are in Florida here. We're like 60 67 here right now. I don't know. Somewhere around that. No complaints. Sorry about that. I'm so sorry. That's why. There we go again. I'm sorry. That's not enough. So, I got about 21 minutes. We're going to head there after Isa thing at school in the morning. We'll coordinate with you. Okay, cool. That'll be awesome. Can't wait. What? I think he is. Yeah, it'll be good. Yeah, I'll be live tomorrow. Two weeks later, we'll be down there with you for Valentine's weekend. Yay. That'll be awesome, David. No, it's going to be super fun. It's going to be a fun trip. It's going to be cold though. Raise your hand. It's just people raising their hands. Yeah. What's that? Yeah. It's coming. It's coming. Look. Look. Our health won't let us out in it. No, I don't think a lot of people really feel too good when it's below zero. It's, you know, obviously harder on some people than others, but yeah, it's very hard. I fold for anybody. So yeah, here we are about 15 18 minutes before showtime and it's pretty full. So that side's full. This side's still a couple seats left. I know the way. Let's see. Who else do we have sponsor-wise? Um Oh, Surf Shark. I think that's the last one. You want to check out Surf Shark. They are um one of our awesome sponsors. They're a VPN. And if you want to uh keep your data safe online, just go check out surf shark.deals/ resorttv1. Again, that's surark.deals/ resortv1. Check it out. So yeah, they have uh they have like 80 83% off. You get four free months if you use our code. It's super fun. So surf sharkark.deals/resorttv1. Again, surf shark.deals slash resort TV1. So we moved to Florida from Indiana. So that was um that was a big change. Yeah. Um, but Illinois was where we were at before that. Well, I've only lived a year in Illinois, I guess. I don't remember. My side. I know I'm like reclining on your side, but you need You going to do one of those things in the old show with the electric company at today's show brought to you by the letter J. Uh yeah, that's right. That's right. Would I come to PA? I don't know. I mean, maybe I I don't know though that that would that there'd be a lot of um a lot of things for me to come see. But yeah, I mean, you know, it's a nice place. All right, I think we're good. I think we're good. We're good. We're good. We're good. We're good. We're good. Good evening. Fantastic will begin in just 15 minutes. During the performance, the lights in the theater will be dim. For everyone's safety, we ask that you remain in your seats until the lighting level returns to normal. And for the safety of our performers, the use of laser pointers during the show is strictly prohibited. Thank you and enjoy the show. Moving for Indiana is a big change. Yeah, for sure. It was I don't Yeah, they really probably shouldn't let laser pointers in the park, I wouldn't think. No, I Well, maybe just if somebody had one in their pocket and they didn't notice it or whatever. Hey, Stacey. Yeah, there's room, I guess, if you're all the way on the end. If you come late, I guess it's all right. So, there you go. We didn't know. Not too bad. Oh, there's the end of it. The luminous just ended. I mean, I don't know. It's not It's not that wonder if they go 9:30 there. so that they don't go together. Alicia just says hi to mom and dad. Yeah. Hello. 14 minutes. Fantasmic magic time. Thanks for hanging with us. I know it's not the best view of the the bright bright lights right in our right in our eyes, but it looks worse on the camera than it really is. We've been loving the movie blankets y'all sent us. Oh, good. Eventually, I'm glad you like that. Very cool. And speaking of movies, Disneyland Handcrafted came out on uh both Disney Plus and Disney's YouTube channel. So, check it out. I meant to post about it. I haven't had time, but let me see if I can find it. So, here we go. Here we go. That's on Disney's channel and Disney parks. They're both together. But check it out. You can even watch it right on YouTube. Disneyland Handcrafted. Definitely go check it out. It needs a lot more views. Let's get it a lot more views so they make more of them. It's really, really good. says all this footage of um all this footage of the parks that like nobody had ever seen before of building Disneyland. Really, really cool. Narrated by all the Imagineers. That's the one we got to see the premiere of a couple weeks ago. That was super cool. About hour and 20. They found a bunch of stuff. I guess they found a found a big old box of movies and they they got put them together. Yeah. What? Yeah. Well, I think they had them, they found them in a box in the archives. They didn't know they existed. Like I they were so busy, from what I understand, they were so busy opening the park and everything that they didn't, you know, they put the movies away that Walt had asked them to make and just forgot about it. And then like somebody found it later, like, you know, 70 some years later, and they they made the movies of it. Well, that's where we're at. Oh, they're going to do stand. They're going to do standing room now. They're coming in. Go in standing room. I don't know how this is going to work. I don't know how this work. I'm trying to really Crazy thinking what the construction workers did to build Disneyland. Yeah, the guy on the flag pole was super crazy. Yeah, just the lack of safety precautions is insane. The thrilling spectacle of Fantasmic is now just 10 minutes away. We would like to remind you that the lights in the theater will be dimmed during the performance. For everyone's safety, please remain in your seats until the lighting levels return to normal. Thank you for your cooperation and enjoy the show. Enjoy the show. No, not like Now, go ahead and hit the like, subscribe if you're new, and enjoy. Wow. That's why we don't go back. Yeah. What What's What's where is that at though? Pontiac. Yeah. Oh yeah, David. Yes, that'll be great. Sister, David says hi to you guys. Hi, David. David, are you skating? I don't know. Seven. Seven. Where's that at? Vinc. Yeah. Yeah. What have you been going? distance will be when Yeah, Isabelle for sure. Great to have him here. Everything seems chilly 61 degrees at Disneyland. Wow. I know. Don't know how it is. You can't say 67. That's what it is here. I'm like, I know how much money. So, I can help you. If you guys need extra room, they're starting to fill seats. You have a little person that wants to sit there. Okay. Yeah. Do you want to sit there? That way we don't get some gigantic person sitting there. No, seriously. Do any of the kids want to sit? I don't bite. I promise. Y'all look a little snug. Move over. Or or we can move over. Yeah, whatever. In just a few minutes, amphitheater will come alive with the sensational sights and sounds of fantastic. For everyone's safety, please remain in your seat until the lighting level returns to normal. For the safety of our performers, the use of laser pointers during the show is strictly prohibited. And now get to join Mickey. I'm fine. I just as he a spectacular world of fantasy and fright in fantasy. bites and bits, huh? It's funny. That was just last week. Last week they had two shows. They got plenty of room. Go for it. You got plenty of room. It's a 30 minute show. I know. I love the music, too. It's great, isn't it? All right. Well, are we still waving? Yes, we're still waving. Nice. Oh, nice. We uh we're from New York. Yeah. And me and my wife about 4 years ago, South Carolina. Yeah. Me and my wife. We had our first snowstorm last year. We were there. I know it's snowing right now while we're here. Yeah. only tonight. I think most of the country is getting snow pretty soon besides us down here. I was like, I didn't think we were going to get to the 80s. Oh, yeah. Was it Sunday? It's supposed to be 87. Yeah. I'm like, I don't even know where. No, you don't need it at all. Yeah, we're we're kind of excited. I went to IU at least for two years, so kind of excited. When I was there, we won one game one year and two games the next year. Oh, yeah. So, yeah. This year, right? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, that's an understatement. She went to BYU, the same thing. But I got a good coach and the program just exploded. Yeah. It's amazing. Football especially, it's a big big difference. I was there though, speaking of coaches, I was at IU the day they fired Bobby Knight. Okay. And that was a rough day. They told everybody to stay in the dorms because there was a lot of, you know, issues going on outside, protests and riots. And we just stayed in the dorm and kind of watched all the, you know, fires and destruction. People were pretty mad. And I remember when it was like 45 minutes. Here we go. Two weeks ago, it was 31 degrees in the morning here. That was the lowest we've had. Two weeks ago, week and a half ago, we hit freezing for like an hour. It was a nice teacher. My fans were all being I love it when they wear blankets. I'm from Indiana. And I'm like, just put a coat on like a like like I know you have hoodies cuz you try to wear them in the summer time. It just looks weird walking around with a blanket on to me. I don't know. Nobody does that in the north, you know? Just put a jacket on. But yeah, all right, guys. You ready for the show? Let's do it. Okay, come here. Let me take this. Okay. Welcome to Fantastic. Tonight, our friend and host Mickey Mouse uses his vivid imagination to create magical imagery for all to enjoy. Nothing is more wonderful than the imagination. For in a moment, you can experience a beautiful fantasy or an exciting adventure. But beware, nothing is more powerful than the imagination. For it can also expand your greatest fears into an overwhelming nightmare. Are the powers of Mickey's incredible imagination strong enough and bright enough to withstand the evil forces that invade Mickey's dream? You are about to find out. For we now invite you to join Mickey and experience fantasmic, a journey beyond your wildest imagination. Look, look. You see all the lights? Look, look, look. He's going to come. He's going to come up. Heat. Heat. Woo! Hollywood! Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. in your mind and you can find your imaginous dreams. only a little more up this way. There you go. Whoa. Oh my gosh. Is that animal? Wow. Who is it? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Wow. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, what's going on? I could use a little help. Hello. What I love most about my cruise is you can't step in the same room twice. The water's always changing, always flowing. But people, I guess, can't live like that. We all must pay a price to be safe. We lose our chance of ever knowing. What's around the river? Waiting just around the river. Heat. Heat. inside with all the strength of fire as the dark side. You must be as great with all the raing fire. Wow. One jump ahead of the head. One hit ahead of the clock. I think I'll take a stroll around. Hey, he's over there. Come on. This way. Let's go. We find out there's so much more to me. Show yourself. Here I am. I come so far. You are the answer I've waited for. All of my life. Show yourself. Heat. Heat. My darling home Oh yeah. I am the daughter of the village chief. We are descended from voyagers who found their way across the globe. They call me and call it another. It's like the falling walking and rising. I will carry you here in my heart. You be my one. I know the way. I am Woohoo! See your mind and you can find in your imagination tales of enchantment. Roman it can be even friends then somebody else unexpectedly certain as the Eyes all the time is all beauty and what if I believe to spend a day on the They understand they don't reprimand. Someday my dreams will come. Someday we'll find you as old as the father. Through wind and darkness I summon thee. speak. Let me see this. Fame is thy beauty, majesty. But all three lovely things I see. And here in Mickey's imagination, beauty and love will always survive. No. A magic spell in the black of night with a scream of bright and a bolt of light. Turn my hair to white. Now I'll turn that little mouse's dream into a nightmare. Fantasmic. Imagine this. Magic mirror on the wall. All the forces of evil I call. You have the power to control his mind. Yes, he will be excited and tonight. Let's do the job and take his spirit tonight. Yes. It's too late. power. Yes. Time to say goodbye to Mickey. Look out. Look out. That's right. Heat. Heat. Oh, look. A magic lamp. Maybe if I just rub it and wish is royal. Oh, you'll love this. One more thing. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Now you will deal with me and all the powers of my imagination. Who knew? Heat. Heat. Imagination. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You may think you're so powerful. Well, this is my dream. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my god. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. in your mind to find you with bright. You use your mind. Heat. Heat. How do you do it? some imagination. Huh? Very good. So, I always recommend getting out of the way and waiting because it's always crazy getting down here. Yeah. If you want to grab that real quick so we don't spill it. All right, guys. I hope you enjoyed that. I don't know why the zoom wasn't working, but it's fine. Oh my goodness. What's that? We can just go up here. We hope you enjoyed. Fantastic. There you go. at the rear of the elevator. And for everyone's safety, do not walk on top of or climb over the benches. Thank your cooperation and have a wonderful evening. I'm getting your mom out of here. Yeah, especially when it's full like this, it's better to just like chill. It's better to just chill. Although the exit's there, so we'll just wait a minute. It'll clear for a second. Yeah. Paul was good. Oh, yeah. They were He was excited. Yep. The dad behind me. Yeah, he was having fun. I'm going to try something real quick while we're waiting. So, we're just going to let the crowd clear for a little bit. You guys did good. You made it the whole way through the whole the whole stream. I'm going to um we'll wait a second and I'm going to switch this over and see if we can get a u a little better um zoom here. We'll see. I had no zoom that time. It was zoom, but it was on none of the the lenses weren't switching like they're supposed to. That's why it was so blurry. Yeah, I was having trouble with that when the moon was on. Yeah. I don't know. Oh, yeah. That I think that's what broke it was the moon. Y'all have fun. Thank you guys. Nice to meet you. That was like the the dad the one that just passed by. He was having a good time. All right. There's plenty of room. Yeah, this is good to be right here. I know. No crossing over. That's only for the Haunted Mansion, they say. All right, guys. I'm going to switch you guys over real quick. the BRB. All right, I'll be right back. His vision to inspire the child in loss to dream and take us higher to a world of fantasy. Where every dream becomes reality. to stream to give to us a Disney land where young and old play. A special castle where we'll find a holiday and magic our cares will fade away. A prince. You meet a princess in a land so far away. Where boys seem like only yesterday. A puppet can become a real life boy. And it won't be single to life of everything. All right, we're back. I fixed it. Well, I think it was my mistake. I had it. Earlier I had it set on ultra wide um for um rise of resistance and I don't think I ever put it back. So I had it on w ultra wide the whole time. And so so here we it's fixed now. So So now if I zoom in really clear. Oh yeah. Oh wow. Oh, right at 30. 30 minutes. That was phenomenal. That was There you go. Now, see, now you get a good zoom. I just had the wrong button. That was my fault. That was operator error. All right, there we go. So, what I had, guys, look. I had it on ultra wide and then I was zooming from there. And when you zoom on ultra wide, it zooms from Why? No wonder it looks so bad. I'm sorry. Here, hold on. So, check this out. Zooming from ultra wide looks like this. Oh, it's all grainy. See? Yeah. So, if I switch back to regular and then I zoom now it's super clear. All right. Well, that's all right. Now we know. It looks like we can go now. See, all you got to do is wait till the music's over and then and then it's then it's clear. All right. Yeah. Do over. I know. Can we ask him to do the show again? It'll be fine. It'll be fine. Uh, let's see. It might be actually faster this way here. I This way is going to be less less crowdy. Here, I'll take the Coke, please. That's a pretty good side. No worries. We understand. Well, now I know. You guys can remind me if the zoom's not working. Like on the stream, you can be like, "Hey, you're on ultra wide." Cuz what I did was I put it on I put it on ultra wide for that rise of the resistance in the hanger and I never switched it back. Oh, well, it's hard to remember. Yeah, the more you know. I know, right? Was that the GI Joe thing? And knowing is half the battle here. Come over here on this side. Yep. Right on the water. It's okay. We still enjoyed it. Good. Well, next time it'll just make us appreciate it more because of the uh being on the right lens. The way they the way that Samsung made the camera is the um the wide angle, the regular lens is much much higher quality than the ultra wide. So, I'm hoping whenever they bring out their I'm on the 24 ultra right now. I'm hoping in about a month they're going to bring out the 26. Maybe it'll be better. We'll see. I don't know. I didn't buy the 25. It's a It's about If I sell this one, it's about a $600 or $800 investment every time. But if it's better, I guess it's better. It is a lot of money. We were hypnotized by the show, too. Yeah. I just forgot what button I had pushed. So, that was not anybody's fault except mine. But maybe I can ask our awesome developer, Ken, to put a little um indicator on there so I can remember what lens I'm on. Yep. So, again, nothing nothing wrong with the app. It was just wrong setting. I got worried because actually I wasn't thinking it was the app. I was thinking Samsung updated something and made it worse because they do that a lot. Something's working and then they were like update and it's worse. This is what 9,000 people walking out of a theater at the same time looks like. No, the the S Yeah, the Galaxy Ultra series. They're usually about 144.99, but I just get a good trade in. But anyway, thanks for joining us. We'll go out and maybe look at some shops and let the crowd clear a little bit and then we'll say good night. So, I hope you've enjoyed it and we'll I'll see you tomorrow probably at Magic at some point. So, but I'm going to I'm going to go home and sleep and not do anything. Last weekend for Labor Day or Labor Day, that's that's a different one. Martin Luther King Day for that for the the long weekend we had. Um I said I was going to stay home and and rest and then that didn't happen like at all. We were watching a ball game that one night. Yeah. Monday night. Yeah. I got it recorded now so I can play it back anytime I want. Awesome. I got to remember to cancel my TV trial. Oh yeah. Anybody uh if anybody on the stream's ever tried Fubo TV, it's actually pretty good. I actually would keep it if I thought I'd watch it, but it they've got different packages. I think the one I picked was like $49 a month because you had to pick a certain one to get ESPN on there. Oh, yeah. But they give you five days and then after that you can just cancel. So I'm like, "Okay, works for me." Do they have some of the local channels too, Josh, or is it not? Uh, yeah, it does have local channels. It even asks you to put your zip code in. So then it picks the local channels because of that. Okay. Gotcha. There's a light. Y I'll just keep it pointed this way, guys. Very bright. It is very bright back here. Yeah, somebody left their stroller over there. Anyway, yeah, cuz see here's Beauty and the Beast Theater right there. Oh, okay. So, it just comes out around by that. It It actually doesn't go as far as you think it does. All right. Oh, the remember the FUBU. I do remember that. Was like the early 2000s. Wasn't that the guy from Shark Tank, Damon John? Wasn't that his Wasn't that his brand? Thank you for streaming the show. A fuzmic fantasmic is better than no Fantasmic. It was so Yeah. Well, thank you. I appreciate that. I do actually appreciate that very much. It was so funny though because as I was watching I was like why is this so fuzzy and I saw somebody in the chat say that it was blurry. I was like yeah it kind of is. So anyway, now we know someday. So, this is the Galaxy S24 Ultra. Sometimes they get really um creative to get people out and they let people go that way towards the front. That actually goes towards the front. Yeah. And sometimes they have that open for Jollywoods, too. probably just go out. Yeah. Yep. Luckily, there's no Montreals. Last night, we left Magic Kingdom right after fireworks and it was so crazy. We walked to uh Contemporary and took the Montreal from there. That's actually I said, I don't even know if it's faster. It's just more pleasant than having people pushing and shoving. All right. Well, I hope everybody's enjoying the stream. Let's see. Are we still here? We still working. Got the Hollywood Tower Hotel. We didn't get to ride that this time. We'll try and do it next time. Ride a hotel. How do you do that? It's a whole ride in there. Yep. So here or there. That's right. Give depending on your perspective. Yeah. This game is so amazing. They still let the stores open, right? Y they want to sell. Oh, here we'll we'll walk through and let the crowd go by. Yeah. I was going to say it's not bad. Yeah, a little bit. Usually they have really Oh, that's a cute Oh, they still have these things. Look at that. They still do that. Oh, that's the old uh speak and say or whatever you call it. price. See and say, it says that very similar animals. Look at that. How about that? It's probably got a computer in it now. 1979 people watching. That was a good year for some reason. On the shirt. Oh, yeah. Oh, it's got like a double fanny pack. I can hold that for you. I'm I'm almost done with it. But in the front. Yeah, pretty cool. Yeah. Watch out behind you. Thanks, Benjamin. I'm glad you had fun. Efficiency is overrated. That's what uh Flash says there. That's a good That's a good Flash shirt. I love it. Overrated. That's what I heard. Create your headband. Oh, what do you have the camera on? It's on a gimbal uh stabilizer there. This one's called a mosa, but I don't know that they even make those anymore. At least not the ones I use. So, um, you know, DJI makes them. Hoim makes them. There's a lot of different ones. Hey, Bella. Anxiety. I don't know why I sung that like O Canada, but you know. Sorry. Sorry, Canadian people. We like your anthem. It's pretty. When drum corps used to play, there were drum cores from both Canada and the US in there. And so they would do um when they do the national anthem together, they do what they call America, O Canada. Well, I guess it they they didn't technically do the the national anthem. It was America the vehicle is not a national anthem, but you know, patriotic song and then they put O Canada and it actually fit pretty well. America and O Canada fit pretty well, which you know works because obviously Canada is part of America. America the Beautiful also applies to Canada. Yes. They would get all the drum cors together after the show and they'd all play. It was probably the loudest sound I've ever heard besides a car accident was when you put about a thousand drum core kids out there that can all play really loud and you put them right in front. It's a It's an earsplitting sound in a good way. All right. Any Drumcore fans in the audience? Maybe not. Maybe you're like, "What is he talking about?" Somebody said, "I know, but I don't have my phone." So, I'll just I'll just say I know to the TV. These are like old school. These look like well worn kind of shirts that have been washed several times. Oh, yeah. Tinker Toy. That's I haven't seen those for a while. Tinker Toys. Look at that. It's pretty cool. Nice. You see these sweatshirts look like they've been washed several times. They're I got the old look to them. Yeah, I know. Isn't that funny? I guess they're probably warm. There's aliens over here. And that says, "I'm in the Chicago suburbs. It is awful cold." Grandpa Nelson used to say that. Awful. Awful cold. Sometimes he'd say awful good. Awful good. Awful good. You know what? For him. Yeah. I heard other people say like a They instead of awful good, they'd say awfully good. Awfully good. Terribly terrific. It's a lot a lot easier to say it's very cold. very cold or very good. Yeah, was a good word. Yes, that's true. Uh, somebody said, "I love drum core." Yay. Laney Sue says, "I love drum core." Yay. Uh, yeah, that would be a good idea. Yeah, otherwise you're going to have to go back that way. Yeah, they're still coming like crazy. It was I I thought it was kind of cleared out, but it's not. I've been saying it wrong all my life now. It's okay. Always fun. I think you could get away with awful cold because sometimes the cold can be awful. that way. No, they actually will. Maybe. I don't I don't see anybody standing there. You'd have to go all the way up to the thing. It's probably less crowded, but you'd have to go all the way up to the uh superstar building up there is where the bathroom is. Oh, it's on the side of this theater of the stars. Go. Maybe the front would be really busy, but I'm sure it will be. It's up to you, sweetie. I think we can walk up there if you want that. You may know. Yeah, I don't think so. It looks like it's pretty empty out there. The bridge when we're good. I just don't see any other any other guests up that direction. Oh, maybe. I don't know. I'm good with Yeah, we can try it. It's over here. Yeah, that's true. No, the closest one is over here by the uh Oh, here we can go this way. Over here by the superstar building. Sorry. Sorry. I I was and then I realized this was a little closer. Well, we're going to find out. Yeah, I don't think we're going to be able to go this way. Well, let's go this way. They They had uh name tags on. Oh, okay. Cut through the school and Yep, we can go through. Yeah, there's no other restroom other than up front, but it'll be all right, I guess. Indiana Jones. You guys go ahead. You go ahead. Yeah. The last cast some of the lugg bags there. Yeah, go ahead. I'll meet you outside the bathroom. Oh, they got a Valentine shirt. Hercules there. Beating the beast shirt is nice. Let's actually go look take a closer look. Although my zoom is working now. Check this out. Super zoom. Yeah, it makes such a big difference. Such a big difference. Cuz here's what it was doing here. Hold on. Here's what it was doing. Uh, that's weird. Oh, it's so confused. Okay, so this is ultra wide and it was doing this. So, yeah. See, that's not good. Anyway, sorry. I'm playing. I'm still playing. There we go. You hear my wallet crying again? I know. All right, I'll stop playing now. Oh, yeah. Jen. Yep. Mom and dad are They definitely support each other. That's cool. Oh, look at that shirt. It's right here. That's cool. I like it. How do I still have so much battery power? I'm at 24% right now and I've been going since 6. Confused. This is neat. I like this one. I have the Gertie. The dinosaur Gertie. I have that one. Oh, the Mickey shirt is awesome. Sorry, I didn't even see that until you said something. Wild cats. Yeah, the map of the park shirt is pretty cool. Let's go down here real quick. Okay. Yeah. So, the Mickey shirt here, let's go back up here. I'm like totally scatterbrained here. Those are fun. The Mickey shirt has all the parks on it. That's fun. Remember when those were two for 40? Now they're Now they're two for 60. Goodness. Uh, you use tumblers to drink juices and stuff. Um, I mostly use like um tumbler type I don't know more like a water like not a Stanley but something similar to like you know drink water. We have nice uh couple years ago we got a nice water filter like a reverse osmosis filter so I can I don't use bottled water as much at home. I use mostly water out of the filter to save save bottles, you know, save the environment, also save money. I mostly use the bottled water when I leave. I probably could carry a water bottle when I leave the house, too. Like a like a a pocket size something. I really don't want a huge giant like Stanley type thing when I leave the house. Yeah. Anyway, so I do use tumblers sometimes for juice and stuff. I mostly use like just a glass. Use tumblers for water and coffee. Nice. Steph has so many Starbucks cups. Like so many. And Liam, you know, Liam picked out a few, too. But he likes to go to Starbucks with Steph cuz she knows she enjoys it, so he enjoys doing that with her. It's starting to clear out a little bit finally. Oh, the Hello Spring Pluto shirt was cute. Yeah, there. You know, they've done a really good job with the merch lately, I will have to say. Like there's a lot of there's a lot of good stuff. Some people say my wallet's crying. Yeah, exactly. Especially after you're paying 30 bucks a shirt for the And that's when you buy two. So you're paying 60 bucks. What are they? Are they Are they 35 or 40 if you just buy one? I didn't I didn't look very closely. So the the picture I used for the thumbnail, I don't come here as often, so I didn't I don't have a lot of nighttime pictures of the park, but I guess I should have gone around and taken some tonight. But the picture I used was from um my birthday 2022 when we had a media event. We were here so late that nobody was in the road at all. So I got to get a good picture of it. Awesome. Awesome. I'm going to throw this away. I got to throw this away and then I'll then I'll say good night. Close enough. Thank you. Hands are cold now. Yeah, I bet. All right. So, anyway, can't believe I still I've been going for four and a half hours and I still have 22% battery left. I don't know how that works. Usually 4 hours is about the most you can get on it. So, I don't know what I don't know what I did differently. Maybe. Oh, Jen says, "I usually talk more during the live stream, so I was working." Oh, no worries. You got to get your job done. Whatever it is, that's important. All right. Hey, Mary. So, yeah, we're gonna we're going to say good night. Um, it looks like we're almost to the point where we might be able to do it without getting run over. Uh, so here, let's here. Let's go up here. I have an idea. I have an idea. Let's go up here by this thing. And then that way people don't have to walk through us cuz there's a big there's a big Sorry, there's a big building in the way. That's what I do, too. When I want to stand on Main Street at Magic Kingdom and I don't want somebody to like walk through me, I just stand right by a trash can and then they can't walk through the trash can. Right. All right. So, here, let me say let me say thank you to all the members and stuff first and then I'll uh then we'll say good night. So, thanks everybody. We appreciate you guys. Um it's been a fun night. Thanks mom and dad for hanging out. We made it. You did make it. I told him on that I said, "Hey, come join me for dinner and you know for a little bit of the stream and if you need to leave if it gets too, you know, cold or crowded, you can go." But they stayed the whole time. Yeah. It's not too bad out. Yeah. No, it's, you know, especially compared to everywhere else is below zero. Uh, so we have platinum members we want to thank. These are people that that support us with $50 a month on YouTube platinum memberships. Um, by the way, we found out Apple's charging an extra $15 on that. So, if you want to join memberships, don't do it on an Apple device. Do it on a computer. Or you can actually do it on Safari on the Apple device and fool them. Fool them. Don't give Apple the money. Anyway, they're they're dishonest about that. But but yeah, seriously, don't do it on the YouTube app for iPhone. It will charge you more and we appreciate it and we don't want your money. You know, if you're trying to support us, we don't want, you know, you having to pay Apple because obviously that's not useful. So, cuz I had a Grey Rose that was on here saying that they were going to do their platinum membership, but instead of $50 like normally, they're going to charge them 65. So, I didn't hear from if they tried to do it on a browser if it would be less. But anyway, just be aware of that if you're trying to do a membership. Don't do it on iPhone or iPad. All right. So, we have our platinum members by you, uh, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego, Go Mini, Dian 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer, Mickey, William Lilly, my crazy grown-up life, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jaylen Moxley, Cicander, Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali, Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you for being platinum members. And, uh, thank you to all the sponsors, and we'll see you guys next time here. We'll turn it around and we'll say good night and we're going to send you guys over to the 24/7 stream and you can you can um go chat over there all night if you want, but I recommend going to sleep at some point. So, oh, I got my Hollywood Studios shirt on, too. So, anyway, so thanks for joining me and thanks mom and dad. Oh, there's Grey Rose. What did they say? They said, uh, we are needing to wait until our membership expires. Okay, no worries. I just wondered, uh, yeah, no rushing. you don't have to do it at all, but just wondered if it if it worked or if there was another issue that we need to I need to go complain to YouTube. Why are you trying to charge my people extra? We don't want that. Anyway, thanks guys. We'll see you um tomorrow at Magic Kingdom. So, that'll be fun and it should be nice and warm tomorrow, too. So, all right, everybody. We'll see you on the 24/7 stream. So, thanks again, Mom and Dad. You're welcome. You enjoyed it. Y Yes, you did. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye. That's where There we go.
