---
video_id: 2fjtRS-BkCg
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Most People Don't Know this Magic Kingdom Fireworks Spot!"
published: 2026-02-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fjtRS-BkCg
---
This is a little trick if you ever uh want a great place to watch the fireworks outside of the Magic Kingdom. The Contemporary is one of the best places to watch fireworks outside the Magic Kingdom. So, you just come in here by the shop. You got your Fantasia shop here and also the uh BBG or Buenov Vista Gifts right here. Just go right between those two past the neon Mickeyy's. So, it's like past the neon armadillo and out the door this way. If you go towards Chef Mickey, you'll be on the wrong side. You won't be able to see them. Um, but this side works very, very well. And then you can just go up the stairs. Now, there's viewing along the balcony here, but that does fill up quickly. And actually, you do get blocked by the Montreal track here, the Montreal beam. So, I recommend going up a few floors and I'll show you what I talk about. So, there's Yeah, you have to get there pretty early to sit right there and watch. I am right now 5 minutes before fireworks and I will show you. I can come up here and I can actually find a spot pretty easily if I go up five or six floors. I mean, there's a spot right there if you only going to want to go up one floor, but I always kind of like to be on my own if I can. So, we'll keep going a little higher, but I'm not going all the way to the top. can take this stairway all the way to the top if you want and you can get a great view basically by yourself. Well, not at the top, but the top is usually pretty crowded and people from Grand Cal not Grand California, California Grill come in there. But one of the best places to see fireworks. Also, you can watch the Montreals go by. Let's go up one more. Again, we had we could have had a spot at any of those railings if you don't mind being by other people. But I have found my private balcony to watch the fireworks. So, want to find a great place to watch the fireworks and a private or semi-private balcony? Come on up. You can see where we started down there. And we're just up a few floors and we have this awesome view of Cinderella Castle, Space Mountain, Tron, the rest of the Magic Kingdom, of course, Bay Lake Tower. To the right, you can even see over there the Orlando Eye Ferris wheel. So, pretty good view from that. Actually, not that close to here. It's just really tall. So, there you go. A great place to watch fireworks outside the Magic Kingdom. And you can almost have your own private balcony. And again, watching the Montreals go by is extra magical. It's pretty. Come on. Come on.
