---
video_id: Z16FZDgCKiA
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Magic Kingdom - Testing Low Light on a New Phone! - Walt Disney World - 3-7-26"
published: 2026-03-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z16FZDgCKiA
---
Doesn't look like you have my part. Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I am live tonight here at the Magic Kingdom. Testing out my new phone. See how everything works in low light and rides, fireworks, all kinds of stuff. So, we hope you enjoy the stream. It's going to be a lot of fun. It's a beautiful night here at the Magic Kingdom. We've got about um 80° right now and a little breezy. It's awesome. But be sure definitely to subscribe, hit the notification bell, follow us on all of the social media. We're Resort TV1 on Facebook, Instagram, Tik Tok, and Twitter. So, welcome in, guys, and thanks for being here. And I'm just kind of testing some castle shots here. Some castle views, if you will, and also kind of testing signal. So, cuz around the castle can tend to be a little bit of a problem. Let's go this way actually cuz the sun usually looks nice on this side. We'll kind of do a full little castle loop and I just want you to tell me how it looks. Testing one, two, three. That's right. I don't know how the sound is or anything. I actually haven't tested streaming on it yet. So, but it was working. But, um, this is the Samsung Galaxy S26 Ultra. So, seems to be working pretty good. >> Clean sound. Very good. And I've got the uh windscreens on cuz it is kind of breezy. Clarity is definitely noticeable. Good. >> How low can you go? That's right. We're going to find out. Going to find out how low we can go. >> All right. So, here's your castle update. That looks nice. Let's do a little zoom. >> Test out the zoom here. Okay, here is the 3x. Let's see. Right here, we're on the 3x zoom. >> Sorry. You guys, >> here's the 5X. >> Yeah, the zoom zoom works well. Made it to Vero Beach. I'm starving for food. Well, hope you can find some food. Let's go all the way in. Okay, this is all the way as far as it'll go. 8X. It's pretty good. Hey, if you can dream it. Hey, Elizabeth. Hey, Daryl. So yeah, I don't know, you know, if this is really that much better than my 25 or that I didn't have a 25 than the 24, but I'll definitely look on the replay. Let me pump the Let me pump the quality a little bit, too. So clear. I can see Jenna waving. Nice. Let's come back out a little bit >> and all the way out to the main lens. All right. Yeah, I think that works pretty well. Seem to switch brightness levels very fast from sky shot to zoom. Very clear on castle zoom. Good. Yeah, that's the other thing I wanted to test. How quick does it This is a tough time of day for phones because the sky is bright and the buildings are getting darker and so it doesn't know what to do sometimes. So, it'll be interesting to see how well the phone adjusts. Yeah. I can't wait to see Tank fly out out of the window during fireworks with that zoom. I know, right? It's going to be awesome. Seeing a big difference. Nice. Well, I think you're going to see an even bigger difference in the uh you're going to see an even bigger difference in the low light. As I tested it last night at my house, it was unreal. Oh, yeah. I'm sure it looks great at 4K, too. Obviously, I didn't want to didn't want to test the first stream in 4K just because that does push it quite a bit. I just want to kind of get a a 1080p test as a baseline. So, that is very, very breezy. probably 10 20 mph winds here. >> But overall seems to be stable. The other thing is going to be interesting is battery life. I started at 96% so it's not really I didn't start with a full battery. Looks great even here on the West Coast. Good. I'm glad it's translating across coasts well. Oh boy, that that really is quite well exposed. >> Love test. We all learn together. Yeah, for sure. >> So, still pink in the front of the castle. Hasn't changed that much. So, >> so this is a Galaxy S23 Ultra or sorry, S20 S26 Ultra. I had the S23 a while ago. >> Yeah, Galaxy S20 6 Ultra. So, so obviously we're going to do all the dark rides we possibly can. >> All right. >> Yeah, this is great. All right. Well, let's do this. Let's go ride >> Let's go ride the uh People Mover because that's kind of our ride that we ride a lot. And then I'm going to try and do a Pirates maybe if if it's not too busy. I actually thought about park hopping to Epcot to do Spaceship Earth Birth. We might parks only open here tonight till 10:00. So, we might save that for another night. We might say save Spaceship Earth for another night. But I've been studying how these cameras work for a long time. And there's a specific thing that they upgraded on this that I feel like is going to make it much much better in the low light rides. So, we will see if that is accurate. Just kind of want to get a look at the uh sunset here. Zoom is clear. Good. Three month countdown. I can't wait to see the castle in its original colors completely. Yeah, I would hope so. >> I would hope it'll be done by then. All right. Well, let's let's go ahead and head over to People Mover. Going to check wait times here. So, take me about 30 40 minutes to get to Epcot and back. So, we may not do that. I don't want to. Not that I don't want to test Spaceship Earth. I totally do. Oh, Haunted Mansion is only 25. Pirates 30. That's interesting. Pirates is usually not more than Haunted at this time. Well, we'll see what we can do. And let's check our fireworks times and stuff. Should have checked that before I left, but you know, lots going on. All right. They close at 10:00 tonight. So, they're not expecting as many crowds or as big a crowds when they do that. >> There are no events. Oh, no. Okay. Happily Ever Happily Ever After at 9:00 and Starlight at 7:45 and 10. Okay, that's kind of what I was thinking, but I wanted to confirm. I would say test out the caves and Tom Sawyer. Oh, Jay. So sad. Just like that balloon up there. Sad. >> Chef Mount Space Mountain would be an interesting test. Yeah, I don't know how much it's going to be able to do in Space Mountain. Now, we're going to ride through there >> on the people mover here in a minute, but Space Mountain's tough because it's like pitch black. You almost you almost need a uh night vision or you almost need actually a um like a mirrorless camera with a giant sensor. Like they can't fit those on they can't fit those kind of sensors in in smartphones or really they don't because most people don't most people don't need them. Most people need a more of an all-purpose one. This phone actually has the same sensor as the S24 and 25, but it has something unique that should help it indoors. >> Yes. Tonight is set the clock forward 1 hour. That's right. >> You're testing your phone and testing mine. 8:36. Okay. Is that a Samsung? That's cool. try winning in Peter Pan. Yeah, if the lines are reasonable, for sure. >> I could maybe jump in Peter Pan right at the end of the night, depending on how the crowds hold up. Oh yeah, Saturday Flower and Garden might be crowded. Yeah, I won't be going into the um if I do go to Epcot, I won't be going into World Showcase or anything, but yeah, it could be crowded coming in and out. You are correct about that. Even just leaving and entering the park, but we'll see. Battery life is already really good. Fantasmic in the water pageant. Yep. All in good time. It's handling the exposure really well though, which is good. Oh, one other really cool trick that it can do. Check this out. Check this out. I'm just going to pull up something to show you. It automatically switches to the ultra ultra wide lens. When you show something that's too close for it. So, like for instance, say I'm always having trouble showing you my phone, my iPhone. If I want to show you something on there, it always has trouble um showing that. It always has trouble focusing. Well, now it's not going to have trouble with that anymore because it auto switches to the ultrawide, which is way better at focusing to things close up. Watch what it does here. Let me pull over. I'm going to show you my uh 24/7 channel. Uh Resort TV 24/7. I've almost got the ride stream done, but here, check this out. This is a cool trick that I saw last night. So, here. Okay, so we're on the regular lens. We're on the regular Hello. on the regular lens. And now, watch what happens when I put my phone up to it. Isn't that cool? >> It automatically switches >> to the ultra wide >> and it's super super super clear. Like I can get really close to it. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. Go subscribe right there and watch when I take it away. It switches back. takes a second and it switches back. It switched a little bit quicker last night as I was testing in my house, but yeah, it's still cool and it works really well. And I'm sure they'll tune that with camera updates coming up, but I just thought that was really neat. So, I'm always wanting to show stuff close up, but this is one way to do it. I like the new colors. The new phone really shows clear details and use them by the way. Nice, nice, nice. >> Should be a retro stream. Yeah. Samsung S26 Ultra. So, yeah, it's got that automatic. A lot of phones do the automatic switch to the ultra wide, but they uh they don't usually do it in a third party app. So, that's kind of that's kind of nice that this one does do that. But No, I'm not going to hop to Grand Flurry again. Sorry. We'll get there, though. I promise we'll get there. There it goes. That is really cool. And pop back. There it goes. Okay, that was a much smoother switch. How fun. Did they update the battery icon? No, it's pretty much the same. Actually, it looks No, it looks about the same. Just kind of learn to deal with it. >> Yeah, Emara might be busy with some of his uh his spring sports that he uh works for. Hockey, not well, winter sports, I guess. still winter sports for him right now, but hockey is I think what he's still into right now. So yeah, that's his that's his regular job. Good evening from Daytona Beach. How are you doing? Great. >> Yeah, a long line for people mover. Longer than what you might think, but got to be the first ride on here. They're eating at Citrus in downtown Vero. Nice. Enjoy. >> This is the TTA. Brian says, "You can't wait to get the new phone. I I got the S23. Gonna get the S26." Yeah, for sure. I actually need to put a link in the description for this. Wonder if I can do that. >> Got gifted a membership. I love being part of the group. Nice. RX somewhere. Hey, Nia. Hey, Christopher. >> I love that. It'll be interesting to see how it does with signal, too. If it's any better or worse on signal. Right now, it's solid for sure. This is the GTA ntop service around. >> Thanks for being here. I might lose an hour of sleep, but I'm glad I don't have to miss a night at the rocker. Absolutely. This is the GTA non-stop service Round tomorrow, right? This is the GTA line service. He's carrying a selfie stick. Daddy, >> that's a gimbal. >> Not a selfie stick. I did try and I don't know. This is the best tomorrow. You just got Kind of very hard to tag the phone, but all they want to tag is an S Pen replacement. Oh well, we'll get there. YouTube's always like, "Tag the products. Tag it. You should do that." But maybe they should make it work. Colors look to fine. Nice. >> Hey, Tinker Tail, John. How you doing? I wonder if it's not available yet because it's on pre-order. Nope. All right. I'll figure it out later, I guess. >> Yep. Time changed tonight. That's right. Happy 37 to celebrate. I agree. Almost looks like it's doing a little HDR here. That's pretty cool. The exposure actually wonder. Let me really adjust the exposure. >> No, that does work. Yeah, Zach. I I love the new Small World song at the end by the new verse in the song. Not a new song, but the new verse by Richard Sherman. Is it Richard? This is Definitely a lot bluer and brighter on the TV. March 10th is Mario Day. Yeah, that is a It's cool. March 4th is marching band day. March 10th is um Mario Day. I love that. This is How much storage? I have 256. I used to have the 512, but I just didn't want to spend the extra. And I've got I usually bring a laptop with me on most trips anyway. So if I need to download the footage, I can always do that. But Maria's Adventures just became a member. Thank you, Maria's Adventures. Welcome to membership. Appreciate that. Yeah, welcome to membership. So awesome. Yeah, overall I think the the 256 is is fine. It's enough. >> We really helped Michael a lot out yesterday, but he still has a ways to go and still needs help. Yeah. >> Keep this going until he has the money he needs. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. If anybody wants to help out our friend Mike Wheeler, he has a a GoFundMe page. His uh his house might be getting foreclosed because he is um he lost his mom and there's been some financial stuff going on and he is blind if you don't know. So, he's really struggling through this. He needs somebody to help take care of him and yeah, so it's it's he's got a GoFundMe up and I don't if you're in here and you can post it again. Yeah, for sure. Love to have people help him out. even under here where there's a lot of shadows. It really does a good job. >> How's the buzz construction? We will we'll peek over the wall as we uh as we ride by. I know. I know. Wow, look at that. That is really doing a nice job with the colors. Like I knew one of the other things this has a upgraded image signal processor and it really shows here. >> Wow. That is so great. >> Yeah, it's doing some cool some cool processing. >> And it's it's cool cuz it's just automatic. Like you don't have to mess with it. just doesn't it doesn't flicker, which is nice. It's one of the things I really didn't like about the S23 was it was so flickery. You can tell when somebody's using that cuz it flickers a lot. Even though the S23 has good low light, I think this one's going to beat it. The S24 actually did beat it, too, but not at the beginning. When they first came out with the S24 Ultra, it actually had worse low light than the 23, which caused a lot of people to get rid of it. I almost thought about it, too, but Samsung updated. It's It's um the S24 ended up really good. This one's already really good. Oh, yeah. Um Samsung offers five or six colors, but yeah, some of them are online only. Yeah, if you buy them through the carriers, you can't get the terabyte storage. Yeah, I've seen that, too. So, you know, terabyte storage is great, but um I don't buy the phones through the carrier anyway cuz, you know, unless you're doing um I like to be able to trade in the phones anytime. And so, um so I bought the unlocked S24 Ultra. I traded it in for this one >> and got $800 trade-in credit from Samsung directly. So, $800 trade-in credit. clears and close. >> Um, so this phone only ends up being like $4.99 and uh, >> so that's kind of how I recommend doing it. And then we got I got unlocked both ways. So I can use any carrier, any SIM card I want. >> No, I don't think there's any chance Buzz is going to be open in two weeks, unfortunately. >> One. All right, enjoy the ride. Can't wait to see the colors how they look. >> All right, in the darkness. >> Oh, we didn't go very far. >> Your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. >> Please step carefully on the platform, then the car for your safety. Remain seated at all times keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car and please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. How many phones have I been through since 2017? Uh, let's see. I started with the 6S, then I went to the 8, 8 Plus, then I went to the Samsung S9, S10, S20, S21, 22, 23, 24, 26. This is my 10th one. Wow. I skipped the 25. It wasn't a good upgrade. Oh, wow. You got 1100 trade in. That's awesome. All right, here we go. Enjoy the ride. Enjoy your journey. PSP doesn't mean good ideas. Please step carefully onto the moving platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors, which will open and close automatically. >> This is the TTA blue line. Stop service around Tomorrowland. Greetings intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Ror 5, your guide aboard this highway in sky. the absolute best way to see Tomorrowland. And my stars, is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to Monster Lax, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders. Transfer to green and red lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling your future. Right by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Barbara City is inspired by Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people over. I wonder if that means there's a tiny black star traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy, except stars. Those are no longer sold. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Run. >> I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Attention all visitors from Galaxy F31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. >> This is Starport 75 or as we always call it, Space Mountain. Our highspeed rocket board to distant deep space destinations. retreat in the galaxy. The coral rules of 57. New H2 owe it to yourself. Vote today. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. changing. Mr. Marorrow, Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Marland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Everything. You know what? Heat. Heat. Take the time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people journey has nearly come full. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you with and even though we're concluded, this is always my favorite part because now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow today. See you in the future. This is the GTA. Please keep arms and other away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms, entity, and other appendages away from the doors. Remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms, antennas away from the doors and remain seated until they open. caution while stepping away from the guard. Thank you. All right. Well, that looked really good. The uh especially the the low light there in Space Mountain was really good. Uh on some of those exit scenes from above and everything else, you don't see as much noise in the image. Yeah. 200 megapixel and 50 megapixel. It's crazy. Almost has a 4K feel here. Let's try something. I didn't used to be able to use the ultra wide lens in the uh in any kind of darker lighting, but now the ultra wide's way better, too. Here. Here's the uh Oh, yeah. Yeah, the ultra wide looks good, too. Look at that. Wow. It's actually usable. How fun. I won't do the ultra wide all the time just because it does make some people sick, but switching back and forth, but it looks really good. I think that's actually awesome. Are >> you one? >> Yeah. >> I'm Jason. I watch you guys all the time. >> Oh, nice to meet you, Jason. >> Nice to meet you. >> Um, where you from? >> North Carolina. >> Okay. Very cool. I like your Tron shirt. That's fun. >> Uh, do you want to say hi on the stream? >> This is Jason from North Carolina. >> Hi everybody. Big Disney fan all my life. >> He's a That's a super cool. I haven't seen that one with Mickey on it. Where did you get that here somewhere? >> I bought it on Etsy. >> Etsy? Well, I think it's super cool. Yes. >> Are you having fun so far? >> I am. >> Awesome. >> Yes. >> Very cool. Well, thank you for watching and for waiting on me. That was nice. >> Yes. >> So, you have a good rest of your night. >> Yes, you too. Thank you. >> I know. Isn't that great? So, I wasn't able to use the ultra wide cuz it's just darker, but it looks good. >> Yeah. I see Andrew Short trooper. I'm I upgraded from the S24 to the 26. Now, granted, I don't use mine as a daily driver like a regular phone. Um, but yeah, it seems to be super strong. We had a little glitch getting off of uh TTA with the signal, but it was real quick. Signal seems to be strong. Now, if I switch back, it's pretty good at night. It's not noisy, but if I switch back to the regular camera, looks about the same, actually. The low light is about the same. So, that's actually pretty impressive. So, all right then. Well, now we know. And knowing that's half the battle. All right. So, >> this is the time of day that a lot of phones struggle with because of the again the sky being bright and the uh surrounding area being dim. >> All right. Yeah, you can still do wireless charging. Although I don't ever use wireless charging. Go Joe. That's right. Hey Brett. Great. I'm liking it so far. Got a clip of my yo attacking grass for the first time. Nice. Can we ride the train? We'll see, Dave. I don't know. We'll have to see. I don't know what we have time for tonight. We don't have a ton of time, but we're going to do as much as we can. Yeah, Brit's here, too. Now, I noticed the exposure control is just really, really good on this. It really does a great job. And Brad, I don't know if you saw me, the ultra wide is just as good basically as the wide, which we used to not be able to use the ultra wide at night because it was so noisy. When I say noisy, it's like it looks like static basically. It's like colored little little uh little specks of light. So, hi. How are you? >> So, here I switch over here. Check this out. >> I mean, yeah, good color saturation, good good look. Yeah, we need to get on Haunted. I mean, I think that's a that's a must for sure. >> Having ultra wide that is not that dark will be great for Epcot concerts. Yeah. And fireworks, too. Hey, Joey's World. Hey, can you post the link to Mike's uh GoFundMe? Some people were asking. Wow. >> Good colors. Yes, I saw that ultra wide. Much better. That's something that always annoyed me. Yeah, it's really good. It's a bigger sensor and I believe a faster aperture. Okay, let's switch back for now though. The main sensor is still better, but it's not it's not a big difference. Honestly, not a big difference. >> All right. All right. Well, anyway, let's go see what the lines are for some of these. Either either Pirates or Haunted will be the big the big test. Um, I thought about getting the Montreal over to Epcot to do Spaceship Earth because that's also one of the big the big tests as far as dark rides go. Brett says he hasn't been to Disneyland since January. Oh, wow. That's tough. Honest 25. We might as well just do it. >> All right. I think we kind of have to at this point. Like that's that's the that's the ultimate test of this phone is how it handles Haunted. Literally one of the hardest rides to stream in all of Disney. Haunted Pirates. That's my favorite, Andrew. How did you know? I love Haunted Pirates. >> Yeah, Brit. But I know Spaceship Birth will be great with it. But Brit knows as a as a real photographer, um, this time of night is is tough with the light, the sky being so bright still. Cameras have trouble adjusting, but this one's doing a good job. You're down for SSC. We'll see. Problem is, it takes a while to get over there and back. So, I might focus on these rides here for now. We'll see. Little Mermaid for reception. Yeah, we might. I don't think Little Mermaid is going to be tons better. We'll see. It's incredibly clear. Money well spent. Yes, it's very clear. Look at that. Stacy will post. Okay. Thanks, Joey's World. I wish I if I had it, I would post it on my other phone. Honiki Pirates. Nice. >> Yeah, that is perfectly exposed. >> No, it's doing a good job. All right, >> take it on Tron. Yeah, they don't let you hold a phone on Tron anymore, though. Or not anymore. They never did. >> So, they point at the ground only. It should brighten up. Yeah, it does. It's trying to kind of average out the light between the the the bright and the dark. So, once it gets totally dark, then you should see a little bit bigger difference. There we go. Stacy posted Mike Wheeler's GoFundMe if you want to support him. Again, if you're unfamiliar with the um situation, his Mike is blind. He's a member of our community. He's a mopper or one of our moderators. And uh his mom who was his caregiver uh and he lived in her house passed away. Um and uh he uh really needs some help because there's a lot of financial stuff going on. Of course, as anybody knows who's lost a family member, there's just a lot of stuff that goes with that and sometimes it doesn't all work out the way you want it to. And Mike is really struggling to keep his house, his mom's house. So, uh, he's got a GoFundMe set up and normally we don't share those because obviously, you know, a lot of people do need help. We understand that. But Mike is a good friend and, uh, we really want to help him out if we can. >> Gabe wants to know about the Tink Link. I don't know what you're talking about. She flies. Got to preserve the magic. Dave >> Tank is a great flyer. >> All right, I am going to thanks to all Mike was in tears last night. Well, we're certainly glad to have helped him and those were happy tears. So that's what we that's what we want to hear is that he he felt like just you know that we maybe we couldn't fix it all in one night but at least hopefully he felt loved and cared for by the community which is the most important thing. All right so I do need to switch over to uh my Haunted Mansion connection and let's see how that works on this particular phone. Oh yeah, Mystic Disney. Yep, that is that's what's going on with Mike for sure. But yeah, he is a great part of the community. >> So, if we don't get over to Space Ship Earth, I'll do it on Tuesday. Maybe watch TV >> under phone tech. I started a phone tech thread. Yeah, all the forums. Yeah, I haven't been over there as much in a while. Britt of course was the one that set that up for us. We appreciate that so much. I've just been so busy. It is such a cool place. We do have resort tv1.com/forums that you can go to and uh chat with other hoppers and moppers. Uh, it's a great place and uh it's not as busy as it used to be because I don't uh I don't unfortunately don't uh advertise it as much as I should. Is >> this really 25? >> Okay, we'll get in for a second and just see what happens. >> Wow. This looks like it got busier. >> Sorry. >> You're good. >> Horizon lock. No, that's only in the regular camera app. That >> is a cool feature though. Horizon lock. Privacy is the other feature. Privacy screen. Brett hosts a stream in the coming month or two if you can find time. Nice. That would be awesome. We always enjoy Brit and Crystal and Andrew's Disneyland streams. Okay, we may come back and do this later because it's it just went to 35. Hold on. Let me just check and see just for fun what um just for fun. >> Spaceship birth is 10 minutes. I may I may jump out of here and uh >> I don't know. We'll see. What do you guys think? Should I jump out and run to Spaceship Earth? It's going to take about 45 minutes to get there or half an hour at least to get to Spaceship Earth. But I guess this is also going to take half an hour. Maybe we do it. Maybe that's what we do. Maybe I see if I can see if I can find a way out of here. >> I'm laughing when she's laughing. She forgot, right? >> Let's see. >> You forgot, right? Oh, Jinger will be over soon to say hi. Oh, awesome. I don't want to miss you. I think I might be heading to Epcot, though. >> We'll have to see. Trying to figure out the best way to do this with the crowds. It's It's also nice's first time today, too. So, >> says 35, though. That's a long line for this. >> What ride do you want to see in villains land? I want to see a dark rider, too, for sure. Yeah, we had Snow White scary adventures which was such a great dark ride. Could get all the way there to face your birds down. I know. I know. It's hard to hard to know what to do. Everybody's saying stay at MK. Okay. This seems to be moving. Okay. Um and 7:45 is Starlight. So, let's we'll just stay here. I feel like we'll waste a lot I think you guys are right. I think we'll waste a lot of time transitioning around. And this just moved a lot. So, let's just let's just stick with this for now. >> Sometimes it's best in Disney. This is a good Disney tip. Sometimes it's best to stick with the stick with the horses you got. >> All right, I am going to be right back. I'm going to switch over connections. That makes one. >> How far are you? >> I'm sorry. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, all right. Welcome back. This really looks good back here, doesn't it? >> Yeah. Very clear. Very, very clear. Keep moving like this. It's going to be really fast. Holy cow. It moved a lot in a very short amount of time. So, look over here. Like, this is really dark here. It is darker than it looks there. Mr. Young Dude says, "Hello, resort keep on hoppers, moppers, and occasional shoppers." Yeah, for sure. That's who we are. I think they're just updating the facade, but they since they printed the picture of the castle on it, that costs obviously a decent amount of money. So, the the theory is it's going to be like that for a little while. So, look at that. Just the scenery. I mean, just the detail. Everybody hope everybody has a great night so far. Yeah, the cemetery um is going to be a good test both inside and outside the ride. Even just this is way darker than it looks. So to me here, I'll I'll put the exposure down. To me, this looks more like this. Let's see. To me, it looks like that. >> The phone is taking it all the way up to here. That's crazy. >> I'm sure probably a lot of people might stay away from the stream because it's going to be annoying all the tech talk, but oh well, it's fun anyway. I probably shouldn't have named it test stream, but it's fine. It's still going to be fun. >> No, no, no. I hope everybody's having a great Saturday so far. We have definitely been having a great Saturday. Liam went to his musical practice this morning. We got to have brunch with some friends and got a great time and then we uh I went home and got ready for the stream. Paul Fox says, "My favorite kind of stream." Yeah. Yeah. Paul likes the tech, too. Paul, you can tell I know you're a camera guy. You can tell that there's less noise. Like, look back here in my S24. There would be a lot of noise here. There's a little bit, but it's not bad. That looks darker to my to my naked eye. And we're getting a little interference from these canned lights up here, but it's not bad. >> There's those of us who love the tech chat. Good. I'm glad. Well, along the way, even if you don't, you get to ride some rides and see some great quality. So, that's always nice. It's amazing. It's more amazing is your extreme from a cell phone is almost better. Yeah, for sure. Well, and what I was thinking about too is my my Sony, of course, >> um my Sony a6500 has a much bigger sensor than a phone can fit. Um my Sony has one step below a fullframe, which is like one of the bigger sensors you can get on a consumer camera. But either way, it basically sees in the dark. But on Haunted Mansion, it's almost too bright. It shows things the imaginers didn't intend. I think this is going to be perfect. It's going to show all the detail, but it's not going to show too much. >> I love tech talk even though I don't understand it. Yeah. >> Uh Justin Justin became a member. Hey, thanks for becoming a member, Justin. Oh, yeah. I know about Ron going around the world. Well, um I hope he I hope he gets it done. It's awesome. It's It's kind of hard to avoid Ron when he streams because he's kind of streaming all the time. So, you kind of have to stream when he's streaming because he's pretty much always live. But, he's a hard worker. Not a knock at all. It's just a kind of a fact. I could never stream as much as he does, but he does such a good job. >> What phone would be suggested for a totally blind person? Um, you know, I'd ask our friend Mike Wheeler about that cuz I I don't have experience with that. Hey Dave, good to see you, David. better keep up in your Sony payments. No, no, we we bought it outright. I think Ron is actually twins. Brad, maybe maybe that's what it is. He's Ron and Ronin. >> Hopped up. Hello. Welcome in the night. Good night test the tangled restroom. Yeah. Good canned overhead lights. Yeah, these canned overhead lights are tough. Um, but it's handling them pretty well cuz they're so directed. It creates little bright spots for the camera to have to deal with. Wow. >> Okay, look at look at that scene right there. Hold on. Let me get around these that pole there. You see the trees and the marble bus? They look they all it's all dialed in pretty good there. That's a tough scene because the sky is still a little bit brighter. I don't think this is going to take too long. This will be worth it. Like this is the ride. The ride >> to test on. >> Hey Dave. No, you didn't miss the tech talk. We're still doing it. Oh. >> Oh my. Oh, the two bag pipes. >> Yeah, there used to be trees back there. This is pretty dark right here too. >> Handle quite well. >> Sounds crisp. I'm glad. I can't wait to hear the sound when I watch the replay. And I definitely want to try like um 1440p and 4K and stuff. I just wanted to start with our normal quality just to see how that works first. Are there any tune bag pies? That's a good question. Shaggy just got off haunted parked in a parade spot. Nice. As >> you can see over there. 10 minutes since we walked in. Wow, this is Yeah, this is pretty quick. Glad we did this. It's moving very, very nicely so far. Don't jinx it. >> Everything looks great. I love your streams. You going to do a fantastic job. Thank you. quality looks great on a 75 in TV and iPhones. Nice. >> I do think the only thing that's ever going to make this even better than what it is is just a little bigger sensor. But for now, I'll take the uh the better f-stop. Your exposure is Even no high contrasting spots. The ISO and Samsung is doing a pretty good job. It is. I think it is. >> Yeah, Shaggy. We're moving pretty quick. >> Very crisp lines and clear images. Nice. Yeah, I played Disney Speedtor Storm. Not on Switch, but I played it on computer. I downloaded it on Steam. >> Play on my desktop in 4K. Almost there. >> Hey, Benjamin. Just got back from church. Nice. Enjoy your pizza. >> My experience with Haunted Mansion has always been getting in faster than the posted weight time. Yeah, that's that's good. I'm glad. >> The little one came out on the wall. Don't forget to subscribe if you're new. >> Don't forget to subscribe if you're new. >> Helps the channel out a lot and you'll never miss anything. Starlight. Yeah, Starlight will be a good a good test. What ISO? It's auto, so I don't know what it's setting at right now. There's no way to There's no way to change it in the app. All right. >> See how the signal was. We're not going to get in this time. Hey, there you are. >> I told you. >> Where were Where were you guys at? Waiting in the at the front here. >> So, we just decided to >> just to wait. That's awesome. Well, hello. You guys want to say hi on the stream? >> Are we Rapunzel today? >> That's cool. So, good to see you both. This is uh my new Samsung phone. So, I'm going to test it. >> Oh my gosh. Look at it over there even. >> Really doing a good job. Not noisy, not speckly. >> I have the >> That's what I have. That's what I had. So, yeah. So, the 24. Have you got the Ultra? >> So, they're if you just go through Samsung, they're giving $800 credit on it. So, you can check and see maybe if they have a better deal, but I ended up getting this for $4.99 plus tax or whatever. Yeah. So, and all I mean, I haven't turned in my I got a I've got like a couple I've got like a week or two to turn in the S24. Of course, they charge my car for the rest of the $800, but still, it's pretty good deal. $800 for a 2-year-old phone. So, they >> No, actually, they only charged me the the $4.99. There was a lot of trust in that. I was actually surprised. I thought they would. I thought, "Oh, they're going to charge me the whole 1300, whatever." But no. So, it's a really good deal, I think. But everybody's saying, "Hi, Ginger. Hi, Charlotte." >> See, but what what you guys can't see is in real life, their faces are kind of dark and the phone's doing a good job, actually. Yeah, we can really see you. Well, all right guys, let's see how this works. We go in here. >> All right, this is the test. >> Yes. Signal test, too. When's chain and straight tight? yourself. >> We love you. put your head down. >> Welcome to the Haunted Mansion. I am your host, your ghost host. Our tour begins here in this gallery. Here where you see paintings of some of our guests as they appear in their corruptible stage. Kindly step all the way in, please, and make room for everyone. There's no turning back. At this time, please drag your bodies away from the dead. >> Your cadaavverous power betrays an aura of almost as though you sense a disappear imagination. And consider this dismaying observation. This chamber has no windows and no doors, >> which offers you this chilling challenge to find a way out. Of course, there's always my way. Why did my angel frighten you prematurely? the floor. >> Guys, that looked really good. >> Yeah, it's doing a great job. Look at that. I mean, you can really you can actually see the pictures. I don't think the other phone can do that like unless you like got right up on it. And you do a side by side. I know we do. I know. I I I didn't I didn't want to just bring the other phone, but yeah. I don't think this is just a placebo thing. I think it really does look good. Even the wallpaper, you can see the details on the wallpaper. So it said 30 minutes. It only took me like 15 maybe. It wasn't bad at all. >> Was it? >> They really started moving the line pretty good because it looked like we were way outside almost down by the li Liberty Bell place but then that moved very quickly. Oh wow. Now see yeah you can see this guy. Wow. >> Yeah, Paul. Isn't it exciting? This is great. Biggest improvement to low light I think I've ever had. For sure. wondering if your app you use the live stream is able to tap into the camera's low light hardware often results using native camera apps other apps varies. But I actually did some tests last night between the native app and the um the actual um my actual live streaming app and I didn't notice any difference in low light quality. So yeah, I was wondering that too. But looks like we're in pretty good shape. So all right, guys. Yeah, it is a lot better. We'll see you at the end. Like look at the painting. >> Can I switch it back? Oh, to the to the native app. I can't stream from the native camera app, though. That's the only thing. Anyway, like you couldn't see these pictures on the other phone. I will lower it for you. This warning the status will materialize only if you remain quietly seated at all time. Oh yes. Flash pictures please us. We spirits are frightfully sensitive to bright lights. Our library is well stocked with priceless first editions, only ghostly and horrible busts of the greatest ghost writers the literary world has ever known. They belong to the entire to the haunted mansion. Actually 9999 happy horse, but there's 4,000 any volunteers. If you should decide to join us, final arrangements may be made at the end of the Heat. Heat. with you. Heat. Heat. Heat. spirit and toes in a path. Let there be music from regions beyond. Playful spooks have interrupted our tour. Please remain seated in your doom. >> We will proceed in just a moment. >> We have been unavoidably detained by Frankie spirits. Kindly remain. Foolish mortals, remain seated. Your vehicles will begin motion immediately. >> Message from somewhere beyond. >> And ghoulies will last our awaken the spirits with your tambourine. Cranies and crawlies, toads and odds. Let there be music from regions beyond wizards and witches wherever you dwell. You must be ringing yourself as we will be expecting. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Here comes the Asat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Oh my They have selected you. Open it up. Hurry back. Hurry back. Be sure to Now I raise the savior and a ghost will follow you home. Well, I think that was a successful test. That's pretty good. Obviously, it's not perfect, but it's it's way better. >> Yeah, I think that worked way better. There's still some spots that are super dark, but without the Sony and a, you know, giant sensor the size of a piece of film, I don't think that's going to get better. But that was really, really good. Very good. I'm excited. Yay. All right, there we go. And the connection never lagged. No, it it it's a a connection champ for sure. Go ahead. It's a connection champ. Let's go up here and look at the uh Mr. Toad pet cemetery over here. I want cuz it's usually pretty dark, too. So, I'll see how it does. Audio separation on Grim Grin and Ghost song was amazing. You can hear it from all directions. Nice. There's the the hearse here up here in this. Oh my gosh, it's like daylight. Look at that. >> Oh, that's so exciting. >> Wow. I assume I'm Mr. Toad. He's up at the top. Here we go. >> Yeah, that's great. Yeah, it's it's worth it. The camera the camera um does a cool thing at night, too. It doesn't It has a 3x zoom lens, but it knows not to use it at night cuz it's not good in low light. So, it just uses the regular lens until you get to 5x. >> Yeah. saw lots in the attic. Now you see more than normal. And then this even looks good. >> So best quality ever. Yeah. I mean, other than me using the Sony, I think that's that's about as good as it's going to get. Got a great shot when you zoomed in on the floating head. That's awesome. >> Yeah. No. So Starbucks. >> Yeah. Oh, for sure. >> Oh, thank you. Oh, you're the best. >> I got Jenna when I see cuz I'm going to have we're going to have breakfast with her. >> Oh, good. You don't have to. >> Oh, okay. Well, thank you. No, we definitely see you for Starbucks after. So, everybody uh everybody say here, let me get out of the entryway here and then we'll >> Yeah. Everybody say bye to Ginger and Charlotte. We'll Yeah, we'll see you afterwards. Where you going for fireworks? >> We like to go up near the castle. >> You got to get there early. >> Yeah. >> That's >> And actually, so ever since they started doing Starlight, it really messes with like getting a spot for fireworks. All those Starlight people are there. Yep. >> And then that's where our spot. >> It's really messed up. >> You have to be there even earlier. >> That's awesome. >> But you're going to watch the second Starlight show as well. >> Probably >> from Frontier Land or from >> I might watch it from Main Street. We'll see. I don't know. We'll see what we'll we'll figure it out. I don't know. >> The thing where at night it starts from and the last one starts from >> Oh, from Frontier. If it does, I'll do that first. I think it is doing that actually. I think now that you mention it, >> I don't know. So, >> I need to I think it does do that actually. >> Wait, you guys are here though. >> Surprise. >> Yeah. Hi. Hi. >> Hey, Ginger. >> Hi. >> These these people are here. >> We came down on a surprise daddy daughter. >> Wow. How cool. Yeah, you definitely surprised me. >> We're all surprised. >> The gang's all here. That is so cool. And you're feeling better. >> Yeah, thankfully. >> Good. So when I saw Ginger last night, I was like, I hope she doesn't I hope she doesn't say anything to Josh because I want it to be a >> She definitely didn't. Good. >> And then Isabelle was like, "Oh, he's going to look on the app. He's going to see our plans." I was like, "No, he's not." >> I actually don't look at the app that closely. >> Wow. So just the two of you bump you from behind. I'm like, "No, we can't do that. You have a camera." >> Well, I don't usually drop it, but yeah, this one is pretty new, so >> Check this thing out, though. Look at the look at the low light on the Well, it's not it's harder to see here, but it's like I can see it. >> I mean, it's Yeah. I mean, like, it's seeing Look, it's seeing the trees that we can't see with our eyes. >> Like, it's it's actually kind of kind of crazy. So, yeah, we're I I think I'm happy with my purchase. >> Are you satisfied? >> Look at his ears. They're so pretty. Thank you. >> So, when we're we were Look, just cuz she just got off school on Friday. I was like, you know, Isa, we were supposed to go. We're doing college visits and I was like, uh, >> what about a quick trip? So, Javon was like, get out of the house. Go >> go go. >> I love that. >> Like, okay. >> So, when do you go back? >> Tuesday. >> Okay. So, you have a couple extra. You don't have to like go back tomorrow or anything. >> So, >> are you going to visit a college or two? >> Yeah, we might go to Rollins. >> Oh, yeah. Rollins is good. Yeah, Rollins is good. Um, >> UCF isn't bad either, actually. It's a giant school, but it's it's pretty big. Yeah, >> it's like like I don't know. It's like one of the biggest colleges in the country. So, there's that going for it. But >> then I saw I was like, "Wait, is Ginger here or did she leave?" And then I saw there I was like And then John texted. He's like, "John's leaving." I was like, "Oh, we could have done like a two for two." >> Get me got everybody. >> That's awesome. >> So, like last night I was like, "Are you going to be in Magic Kingdom tomorrow?" It's like she's probably thinking, "Why is this weird stalker asking?" >> I didn't think anything about that at all. I didn't think anything about that >> because when I I baited you today with the cough drops. >> Yeah, >> cuz if I if I baited you with the cough drop, >> you're right. That actually did work. >> You would have said something. >> I was going to post. I was like, "Oh, this is great. I wish I could teleport." And I was like, "Yeah, >> I just came from Beacon Barrel. I can't I don't have that much creativity." >> We just went there. >> We were there at 6. So, >> that sneaky run, >> you guys. That's awesome. I think they're going to go find their fireworks spot by the castle. Yeah. >> So good to see you. >> So good to see you. It's so great to see you. They love your outfits are always so awesome. They're like they're level 10. >> Yeah. No, it is. It really is. They they literally have the best outfits and most of them >> close t-shirt. >> No, they like they liked your t-shirt, too. Also, >> we had a we had a joint dining experience with Barrel. I think I talked to people out of the table >> and they were here for like they were like there for 10 minutes at one. They're like check please. And his like dad you talk too much time like very quiet. I was like oh no. >> They were they were just sitting there like this. >> Really nice. >> Super nice people like >> I was like where are you from? >> I felt like a talk show host. >> What brings you here? Did you make the ears? People are wanting to know. No, I didn't make the ears. >> They're like Rapunzel ears. >> Yeah. And they're magnetic. >> Oh, >> you can take your ears off. >> That's the best thing I've ever seen in my life. Oh my god, >> that is really cool. Removable ears. >> Oh, the bow is also magnetic. How fun. >> She's got like 17°. >> We were talking about something you're doing. You have like something in medicine or health or something. >> Yes. >> She's in anatomy. She loves >> awesome. >> Really looks good, doesn't it? talk to her on chat. >> Yeah, my study guide over theology. >> Take two years off. just >> they went to a cadaab real like okay well I guess it's appropriate we're asking >> are they redoing the hole outside >> I guess I don't know >> that's a pretty big scrim >> well no that's what they somebody on the on the internet said so it must be true um is that they they printed the scrim It actually isn't cheap to do that. So, they must be that must be going to be there a while >> because normally I have seen them and actually the first scrim that was up was just a blank scrim and so then they replaced it with the printed one. >> So, I'm thinking yeah, they're they're it's going to be there a little while. >> So, we will see. >> Did you like Beacon Barrel? >> Yeah. >> Is that your first time? >> Oh, you've been there before? >> That look amazing. Oh, I'm so glad. Canadian Disney family. So glad this is down to 25 minutes now. It's >> awesome. I do want to get to Pirates, but also want to get to Starlight at some point, too. >> This is the S26 Ultra. >> Let me see here. >> The Pirates is still 30, so we might have to wait till after Starlight to do that. >> Bob's favorite restaurant. >> It's really good. I like it. Just the only thing I would advise you is you go get a whole fish even though they debone it. >> Did I do something? Oh, I just totally dropped. I'm going to put that in my wallet now. >> Yeah. What are you >> What are you like You're Scrooge McDuck. You got money >> sometimes. >> So, the the So, just be careful. >> Wave and say hello. >> I was so excited. I was like, she's here to Tuesday. I was on the plane. I'm like, We're going to need to go find a Starlight spot pretty soon. >> What's that? >> My mom is watching with my grandparents. >> Oh yeah, for sure. Here, I'll come come over and >> Okay. >> Hi, Na. Hi, Papa. >> As she puts her head back down, it's okay. >> Surprised? >> Yeah, for sure. No, that was >> like a double take. You were like, what? >> That was so funny. >> I was like, but you're not here. You're in New Jersey. That's so right there also. How does that work? >> Oh god. >> Yeah. Literally Thursday night, he was like, "So, do you want to go?" Like, >> what kind of question is that? >> Okay. Yeah. >> Why wasn't, are you asking me or like >> is this for real? Yeah. I would have I would have also said, "Are you just like >> actually asking me or is this >> are you playing with me right now?" Yeah, >> that's awesome. >> And the cool thing was I couldn't find the rooms. But because remember we did that membership magic thingy. >> Yes. >> So I was able to convert points into a hotel room. >> Oh. >> Oh. Because of that program. >> Yeah. >> Okay. So that seems like it's worth it. It's more That's a lot more than character meet and greets. >> Yeah. >> So it cost me 100 bucks. >> Let me try the ultra wide again. Oh, here we turn this up. That's awesome. >> Here we go. Amazing. The ultra wide is actually usable at night. Look at that. >> The ultra wides are usually horrible at night. It's actually like usable. >> Wow. I mean, it's not as to be clear, it's not as good as the uh as the main, but still. We got >> Well, no, but I mean, so the main lens is still brighter, >> but not but it's the other one you couldn't even use. So, hey, Shannon. No, the Sony still wins because it's, you know, ginormous, but like it's not bad. Okay, so the question is >> chicken. She was supposed to be the one to tap you and say, "Excuse me." >> Oh, no. That was amazing. >> She's like, "I don't want to do it." >> And then I saw you talking to her. I'm like, "All right, I was just going for >> Oh, yeah. I was going to say, cuz that was the best. >> That was the best way to do it." Okay. So, the question is, >> we're not going to make it down to uh town square before we're not going to make it to town square before the parade. uh starts because it starts in like nine minutes. >> So, I probably find a spot along here somewhere if we can. >> Over there somewhere. Yeah. >> So, we got here at quarter to 6. I was like, "All right, duck." He's usually around this area when when he comes in the park. >> Which which area was that? >> Well, we were we were right around the castle at the beginning >> and Grayson I guess Grayson was playing. >> Yeah. >> So, we're like I was at I was at Harbor House at 6:00. >> I was very surprised. Oh, there's Gia. I was very surprised. That's awesome. >> What's that? >> Gia is in the chat. Yeah, she's in there. Yep. >> Yeah. She literally said get out. >> That's awesome. Good job, Gia. Okay. So, the ground is dark, but I can see it on the phone. >> That's crazy. >> So cool. >> Like, >> look at the illumination from the light stick. >> Yeah. I don't even have to like look at real life. I'll just look through the phone >> right now. >> So, the question is this is question is uh where to go cuz this is already pretty busy. Uh >> we'll find some place. It's just going to be near the end of the parade. One of advice, don't go near an emergency walkway because I made that mistake trying to show my friends the uh >> Wonder if they let us stand over here. >> Oh, really? >> Sorry, I I U-turned. There's what? >> And there was this one family who I guess they didn't speak very much English. >> Oh, wow. >> Couldn't understand the cast member when >> when she was going to be on YouTube. >> Maybe. Can we stand here or is there like a um >> $50? >> Actually, you know what? I can make that happen. I don't mind. >> That's VIP treatment. >> Wow. >> It's a ride off. >> That's the best. >> Right off. >> You don't even know what a ride is. >> So, it actually it'll come it'll come from this way. So, this is great. Really? >> Yeah. Frontier Land is pretty good. >> So, Oh, yes. Finish your finish your story. So what happened then? >> I was just saying they couldn't understand her very well. So they kept going in the walkway >> and then I guess there was someone who told me that was that was like translating for them. Okay. >> Said, "You guys can't move in the walkway." And they were like, "Oh, whatever, whatever, whatever." And then they just kept doing it and eventually she came over like all angry, huffy, huffing, like you guys need to move. >> Yeah. >> Um and then they pushed me out of the way, so that was great. >> Awesome. >> Yeah. >> That's never good. >> Yeah. Bonus points for pushing you out of the way. No, the family. >> The family. >> Oh, the family. >> Yeah, >> I see. >> I'm a little slow. I'm too into the rum punch with nothing. >> Okay. Now, the the 5x zoom lens is probably not great at night, but yeah, >> that makes sense. >> Yeah. Yeah, I get it now. >> I'm a little slow. >> The rum punch was great this morning. I'm not having a good day. >> Oh, >> he had a detour. I couldn't like What's the matter with you? You grew up here. How come you not know how to get to the airport? Like even I know how to get I'm like honey not helping me. >> The image is quite soft but it's really that dark. The image is doing very well. Nice. Resort TV meetups are great. Yes. >> Huh. >> Yeah. >> Put the GPS. No, I'll figure it out. >> You know what? But I use the GPS anyway even though I know where to get because there's so many different variations of traffic that can happen around here and it's like that once like especially going home from here once I didn't check and then I ended up like having to kind of drive like 10 miles out of the way to get around this giant backup that I didn't know was happening. So yeah, >> they stuck us on the Air Force. They stuck us on 528 to I4. >> Oh yeah. And I was shocked that it's was bumper to bumper for like a mile and a quarter on a Saturday. >> Oh yeah. Always. >> So I'm like next time I'm taking whatever it is. 417. >> 417's better. >> Yeah. 528 is always bumper to bumper >> at least in that spot. >> Hurts on the DVC. I was trying to get through move six times. >> Yeah. That was very very uh very spurof the- moment trip. >> That's awesome though. Did David and Isa just spawn? Yeah, you guys spawned. Yes, >> they just spawned. >> Spawn >> pretty much. >> I was I was shot in Halo and I just respawned. >> Nice. >> Well, I guess if you're going to if you're going to respawn, this is a good place to do it. >> Pretty much. I was going to troll you be like, I don't want to teleport there. Turn. And then I was going to text you turn around. Isabella said that was a little creepy. >> Well, not you. No, actually, I've I've uh I've done that to people before. I can cheat actually. >> No, >> we used to do we used to troll the stream sometimes because we would um if I would go to California with Brit and Crystal and we would end up uh >> we would end up like we'd tell Brit and Crystal, of course, but we wouldn't tell the stream. So then we would end up uh like we'd go live in Galaxy's Edge cuz they have a Galaxy's Edge in both parks. Like, "Oh, guys, yeah, we're live at Hollywood Studios." And we'd say we were live in a mystery location. like, "Oh, our mystery location is Galaxy's Edge. Look, we're here." And then all of a sudden, like we'd have Brit and Crystal just like walk by, be like, "Wait, you guys came to Florida." And they're like, >> and then and then they'd be like, "No, we didn't. Wait, that must mean we're in California." So, yeah, we had a fun with that. >> He said was like, "You should do what you did what you and Josh did to me the last time when you scared the hell out of me and I thought it was some creepy old guy coming up." >> Oh my god, that was awful. Remember we saw them >> when they were walking with the >> Oh, he did. I I was like, >> I stayed back. I stayed back. Yeah. >> Hey, are you some I was like awful. >> Awful. >> Yeah, I was uh I was like, I'm not going to do that. >> I'm not going to do that. >> Sometimes I'm very clueless. >> All right. Hello, my lovely friends. Are we excited for that parade? >> Yeah. >> Okay. Okay. That wasn't bad. I know it's a little dark, so I'll blame it on maybe we're sleeping. It's okay. I'm sorry for interrupting your nap. My name is Obby, and I'm going to give you guys those CC instructions for that. It's on its way very soon. If you want to buy this, listen up. So, for tonight, your line is going to be that lovely white rope that you see right there. My friends over here, you will have one soon. I promise. It's just one of the last ones to go up. Um, please do make sure you stay fully inside of that rope for me for the duration of the parade. The boats are going to be making their way down this way and they kind of have to make a weird little turn here. And we want you guys to watch that turn, not be part of that. Please keep your fingers and toes in the same place. Also, please make sure you're not playing with the ropes in any way. They are where they are to keep you guys safe. Those slope drivers can kind of see that white line. they can't necessarily see where you are in relation to it cuz it's a little dark right now as you might have guessed and we really don't want any accidents to happen. Okay. Second thing, if you're going to take a photo or a video tonight, please make sure that that flash is off. That bright light is not permitted on this parade route, but do not worry. The floats are made of lights. You will see lots of lights tonight. I >> never good to flash anyway. >> If you have flash on a cast member, it's probably going to be me has to come over and ask you to turn it off. I don't want to ruin any videos and honestly I don't think you want me in your videos cuz the floats are a lot cooler than I am. Okay, so just turn that off ahead of time. Last thing, at the end of the stream, there will be some folks dressed a lot like you're looking for that red and blue. I know the green makes it look really weird, but red and blue are going to be carrying rope down the road. Please make sure that you wait till that rope has fully passed before you step or stand in the street again. That rope is our parade all clear. So, if we step in front of it, we are in the parade and that's a really long audition process and I don't think we have time for it because the parade starts right now. So, real reason we want to make sure if those floats do stop and start, they're not going to hit you in the process. And if there's any electrical debris from this electrical train, we do have time to clean it up so it's safe for you guys. Okay. All right. Have so much fun. I do have one question. Is it anyone's first time seeing the parade? >> Hey, that's so awesome. Okay, well, as someone who has only seen it a couple of times, I work it every night. A couple of times, I do have a little word of wisdom for you. All of the folks do something magical. When they are about to do it, they start sparkling all over. You can see it. You can hear it. You can't miss it. Make sure you are watching for those sparkles so that you get to see what cool thing they get to do. Okay, awesome. Have so much fun. Thank you. >> So, here here's a here's a good comparison. You guys can't see this on the stream. iPhone. >> Oh, that's crazy. >> Samsung. >> What? >> It's literally not even the same aperture. >> Yeah. So, guys, look. Uh, yeah, the Samsung's even brightening up what the iPhone's doing. >> Yeah, it's not even close. >> It's actually dark. >> The iPhone's dark here. >> I was going to say I can take a picture. >> Although, it'll probably lighten the Like >> that's the difference. That's insane. >> Here, let's let me see if I can get it to >> But the It's even lightening the photo. >> There it goes. There it goes. Look at that. That's crazy. Wow. >> That's actually Hold on. I'll switch back. There we go. All right. >> So, what is that? The S 602. >> Yeah. S437. No, it's the S26 Ultra. >> Yeah, it's actually kind of it. Everybody was saying it looks dark here. It's actually almost pitch dark here. >> Yeah. >> And the fact that it sees anything is kind of crazy. That's awesome. >> So, what is it? >> Yeah. Is that So, this is the thing. I actually haven't even said this on the stream yet, but this is the thing that I've been studying for years is the the sensor size and the aperture is the thing that makes a good dark photo >> or dark video. This is a f F1.4. >> Yeah, that's crazy. >> Which my Samsung has an F f1.4 lens, but it has or sorry, my Sony has an F1.4, but it's also way bigger sensor, so obviously it's still going to be better, but this is really good. >> That's insane for a camera, for a phone that >> for a phone. Yeah, exactly. Hey guys, I'm going to switch back out of this uh special connection mode to save some battery. See how long this thing will go. I'll be right back. Real quick little pause. This is intentional lag. regular ride. >> All right, we're back. Are >> you too short with the side by side? Yeah, I'll have to say I'll have to figure out how to do that. >> Here, I'll I'll record a little side by side now and I can >> here. I can just go I can do live. I can do a live uh video. >> I think it might even be better just to like process it later. Here, hold on. Let me just try this and see what happens. All right, so we're doing a little camera test here in Frontier Land where it's almost completely dark >> and uh so yeah, so >> let's just see how it looks here. >> Not bad. >> Pretty good. >> Yeah. You're going to like I think you're going to like this. This is like if the mainstream electric parade and Spectral Magic had a baby, this would be the parade. >> There you go. >> Yeah. If you merge the two parades, this would much like uh much like Luminous is if you if you took the best parts of uh Harmonious and you took the best parts of uh Illuminations and you merge them together, that's the show that you would get. >> So, you got the 17. Your 17 is better for sure than than my >> little one that just came out >> than 15. >> I forget I forget the numbers. >> Put that up one more time cuz I was I was just trying to do the the 15, but I just want to see. Yeah, yours I think yours is definitely better. >> Uh do do it on video though. >> Here's video. >> Well, that's pretty good. >> No, but see how much brighter yours is, though. >> Yeah. I got to get off the phone. There we go. >> When you when you put yours >> like here's mine, right? >> Yeah. But when you put your screen on this, it it brightens it twice as much. >> It does. >> It's not even close. >> That's crazy. Gia said they needed this so bad earlier. >> I didn't get a chance to read it because a cast member was doing the announcements. >> She saw me on the couch and I'm just sort of sitting there. >> Yeah, David has a 17 Pro Max, I would assume. >> And she's like, "Why don't you go to Florida?" I said, "I don't She's on break. I don't want to leave her. >> When did you move to Florida? Sorry. >> Is Rusty in the Navy? >> It's not every day someone moves into a new house. >> No, that was that was uh that was great. I'm glad you guys got to come. >> She literally like threw me out. >> Oh, is the S26 brighter than real life? 100% brighter than real life. Cuz like those trees up there, I can't really see in person very well. The tree branches are coming across way clearer on the stream than they are in real life. >> So yes, it's it's brighter than real life >> 100%. >> And it's funny like Thursday night or Friday night, whatever it is, and started getting a lot of moving parts and she's like, >> "You're doing it again." So what am I doing? >> Overthinking. >> You're looking at you're you're trying to find defeat and snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. >> Uh-huh. Oh, wow. >> Get on the plane >> and go. >> That was very uh very specific. >> She's heard me say that a million times. >> Ah, okay. >> Meanwhile, I think she just likes a peace and quiet at home. >> Well, I don't think that's a negative thing. >> No. >> She's so cute though. She went to She went Which way? We called her like, "Where are you going?" She said, "I was going to have dinner with your parents." That's nice. >> Yeah. >> So guys, the parade has started about 5 or 6 minutes ago on Main Street and then it will be headed over to uh this area probably in about 15 minutes or so. >> I never got a spiel at the parade. Only time I ever got a spiel is the Halloween parade where they tell you not to put your feet on the curb because of the horse. >> No, they do spiel at the parades all the time now. >> Do they now? >> Yeah. >> You know what they made me do at the airport? >> Cuz you know I fly with the mask on the airplane. They made me take the mask down to see if I was hiding anything in my mask. I said, "What do I chew? Like what am I hiding?" >> Wow. >> Yeah. >> Huh. >> Like, well, you have a big mask. There could be anything in there. I said like what? Gold bullion. insecurity. No, I get that, I guess. But yeah, >> I was like, okay, >> the camera on the 17 Pro is the most impressive in a while as far as the phone goes. Your C Samsung's have always been ahead. Yeah. >> Yeah. But the Samsung has much less noise. You can see the you can see the noise on like you can totally see the pixels >> cuz the iPhone I believe is a 1.7 uh aperture and this one's 1.4. >> You can see you can see all the noise. See on the bottom. >> Yeah. >> Like and Oh, yeah. Ton of noise. >> And you don't get that. >> Whereas it's all digital. Well, honey. >> Well, here. Look. So, when I zoom in, >> yeah, you get no noise. >> It's or very little. So, somebody was talking too about the um >> See, it goes from optical to digital. You can see in a second. Look. Optical. Boom. Digital. >> Oh, it gets really Oh, it gets really noisy. >> So, um one of the things that the iPhone doesn't do very well. Oh, here we go. That means 10 minutes then. stars and midachines away in just 10 minutes. >> Oh, there we go. Now we know. >> You had sort of the same water reaction that I have when I saw you in Long Island. Like, wait, why are you in Long Island in the cold? >> Oh, yeah. >> I was like, wait, what? >> Well, you knew I was coming. >> Yeah, but it was still a weird. >> It was still weird. Yeah. Hello star. It's almost time to wish upon a star Disney Starlight dream away. The lighting around the magic will be reduced for your safety. >> You're welcome. She learned. >> All right. Yeah. So, the one thing about the iPhone is um it has a a thing where the lights reflect off the lenses, whereas this one doesn't do that. So, like that light right there would be reflecting, but this one's not. Battery's great. Um I've been streaming since 6:00 for almost 2 hours and we're at 57%. So, it's it's doing real well. So, it'll go over four hours, I think, for sure. taking >> now I'm I'm I'll probably still charge it like a 20% cuz I never I haven't ever um discharged it completely so I don't trust it yet. But >> you need a battery? >> No, I'm good. I'm just was they were asking how the battery was and I'm at 57% and I've been streaming since 6:00. So that's pretty good. >> It's not cold either. >> No. And I told him I'm not going to push it cuz it's a first discharge. So you never know if it's quite it's not quite ready for that yet. I was telling him one of the things the iPhone does that a lot of people get frustrated about is it it does these little balls of light with any night pictures. You can see it here. If I even if I do photo mode, you can see it. You see it right here. There's one right there. >> Does the 17 still do that? Does it still do the balls of light thing? >> So it uh any bright lights like any street lights and stuff, it reflects. >> I just stopped myself. >> Yeah. Okay, >> good job. >> You want me to take a photo? >> Just point at that bright light up there and see if see if see if there's a reflection. >> Yes. Right there. >> Y it's like a laser point or something. >> Yeah, >> that's weird. >> Yep. >> I've never noticed that before. Thanks. I'm always going to have to notice that X. >> Yeah, the Samsung does it, too, but it's not as bad. >> This is bad, though. This is like literally like someone's got a target. >> Yeah, >> there's three of them. >> Yeah, there Yeah, there's there. Wait, there's more. You're all good. >> Hi, guys. >> You're all good. You're all good. Keep going. Keep going. You're good. >> You're all good. >> They're going to come up here and put that rope here in just a minute. >> All right. >> Who was it? >> John. >> Oh, John. Yeah. Oh, that's interesting. Micro, have you switched to iPhone? No, I have an iPhone for daily use. I don't use it for streaming. Hey, Surf Bum. Oh, the other good test was that Haunted Mansion had no lag. So, that's good. That's a good >> That's good. The other thing I want to do and I was going to do tonight, but I it's going to it would take an hour out of the stream and I didn't want to since it closes at 10:00. I didn't want to do this, but I was going to go down and do Spaceship Birth since it's so dark as well. But, you know, it takes it would take half an hour over there and half an hour back and I was like, nah, we'll stay here. >> You can stream the boardwalk if you want. >> Yeah, >> I probably I got to get up tomorrow with an hour late. So, I probably probably >> daylight savings tomorrow. >> Yeah. So, we're going to So, we have to we'll lose an hour of sleep tonight. We're we're meeting a meeting a a friend for brunch at 10:30 tomorrow morning. So, it's like Yeah. >> So, I'll have to get I'll have to actually get up. >> Fun times. >> Are you on break this week? >> No, next week. Well, sorry. Uh, one more week after that. It's actually funny. >> Oh, from Buffalo. Lovely video call. Thanks. Yeah, we're in a very dark area. >> Hey, you're doing a great job. Right next to >> here. I can here. Let me let me come back here. >> Step on anybody. >> You guys can scoot all the way up to that line there. >> From S25 to S26. Yeah, I think it's I think it's worth it probably. >> Yeah. Yeah, Sunday afternoon nap 100%. Front of the parade just made it past the castle. Thanks, Ginger. >> And then last night, >> Here it comes. I hear it. Yes, we already tested TTA. She gets married. >> Wendy JJ, congrats on 28 months of opera bronze. Hi Josh, David and Issa, what a great night for a parade with friends. Are you having Casey's tonight? New phone looks great. Probably no Casey's tonight. I'm not super hungry, but definitely a cookie. Oh yeah, new phone belt does look great. Thanks. >> Yeah, it's coming. It's coming. >> This takes a minute. It'll get >> the box in the air. It's like a little clubhouse thing. Little fort. It's very dark, so that's why it's looks like that. Oh. >> Oh, look at that. >> Oh, wow. >> Thanks, buddy. You sure you don't want it? >> This is pretty cool. Thank you. >> So cute. >> We have not made it there yet. Oh, it's so >> Josh, have you been there yet? Crowd rodeo and I think Jenna went, didn't she? >> I've been there. >> You been there? >> Her husband was the head. Sneak sneak that back to him at some point. He was so sweet, but I wanted to have it. >> He g He gave it to me, but I He was so kind. >> Oh, I bet. I love that. He'll get more use out of it than me, though. But that was so super sweet. >> He's just like that. >> My son is nine. He loves to do that kind of stuff, too. >> Isn't that nice? >> You feel like that's how we make it. behind the road app. Thank you so much. >> Here we go. Uh, do you always try to match the brightness but let your eyes see or do we always go low light? I usually do. Let me see here. What my eyes see? Let's see. Hold on. We'll get it. Uh, >> it's about like that. our imaginary. >> I do have to go down for the parade though. Out the way. Out the way. Sit back. You ready? She's asking you to turn your light off on your phone. There's no light. >> But there's no lights on. >> You also get better video if you have the light on anyway. >> No, it was a flashlight. Welcome on this journey where anything is possible and the most cherished dreams come true. My call away. Please make sure you all wish you brave true and selfless and all your wishes may come true. Hello. Hello down there. Good evening, dear friends. Come with me on a magical journey kissed by starlight. >> By virtue of starlight and all that is good, may each and every one of your dreams come true. Do as dreamers do and wish upon a star. I just want all wishes to have a chance to come true. >> Wait, where did you go? >> Wow, look at that. I made a wish on a star and the star answered. >> Wow. One wish made all of this. Yes. Hello and wrath. Heat. Heat. I'm having a vision. I see you all around. >> I see you there. I need to stop. Thank you. Why are you alive? I never follow the flower. I love where is he? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I'm talking about right now. I can't believe what just happened. This is crazy. Can you believe it? I'm a musician. >> Music is my language and you will always be happy. Take the water. Oh my god. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Ariel honey you free Hey never beh. Oh no. I want to fight. I love you. Take your bell. bell. >> We're just getting started. >> Take your bell. >> So, there are so many people down there. I wonder if they're having happy thoughts. >> That's all they need. Well, that invit. >> That's right. Then maybe they'll be a little boy, too. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Baby, stop. So many stars to wish upon. >> Wish upon a star. our powers. Oh, Mickey just like us. >> A little further down. Yeah, maybe a little further. >> Oh my, you've never seen so wonderful. I imagine starlight is all around us. Uh, so it's going to go colored at the end of this. It'll do it down just a little further. It It doesn't do it very often, but it's so cool when it does it. >> Yeah. Right. Right about here. >> Oh, thanks. Okay, here it is. the electrical brain music. Yeah, I love that. It just like goes blue like blue. Yeah, that's my favorite. There he is. >> Yes. Oh, here's the ending. Heat. Heat. Oh, thanks. >> Hey, Gia. Thanks, Ann. Yeah. No, it was literally um it did a great job with the parade. So, I think I'm going to go see if we can get on Pirates if the line's not too long. You guys are welcome to join or you don't have to, but it's up to you. I want to do my low light on Pirates if I can get over there. And then we've got um Happily Ever After at 9:00. >> He's a He's a teacher. He would let you know if you were bothering. >> Oh, not at all. I >> was going to say I don't want I don't want to bother you at all. >> No. Tomorrow. Let's see. Uh Pirates is 15 minutes, so we're good. What's that? >> Yeah, it's a very >> It is. Yeah, it's a cool parade. >> Oh, Sarah. No, it was fine. >> This phone. Oh, there it goes again. This phone does such a good job of separating the light from the dark. Not Not from here, but no. So, if I zoom in though, >> yeah, it feels No, it nails it. Oh, yeah. You're right. Yeah. Yep. complaining motive about the iPhone being too small. >> Oh no, I didn't see that. >> Have to send it to you. They bring in the factory workers from the factory kind of terrifying. >> Oh, that is funny. >> You know, I got this weird purple haze when I try to point my phone away at the sun. >> That is funny. Okay, I got to get through the uh through the crowd here and then we'll we'll get on to Pirates. Oh, really good sound right here. Yeah. Heat up here. Wow. >> Well, if you can't hear that, I I can't help you. >> Exactly. Huh? >> No. What? What do we see? >> The crowd was really crazy. Anything could have happened. Not like last time. >> Yeah. >> Oh, here. Let's turn turn back up the brightness. There we go. >> Wow. Okay, guys. I got to switch back to my pirate connection real quick. It's not pirated. I paid for it, but no. Okay. All right. Here we go. >> I'll be right back. recorded. My dad Oh, >> and we are back. >> Yeah, we got this. 15 minutes. You guys good? >> Yeah. >> Oh, good. Okay, good. As long as you don't walk like we had to walk backstage. >> Yeah. >> No, we're right here. So, we just got to get in before most of the crowd goes. Okay. >> Where you were? >> Oh, you found me. >> Nice. >> That's awesome. >> Enjoy the parade. >> Yeah. Good. >> It's so much better in person. >> Yeah, it is for sure. >> I got a really really good spot for I I did it twice. I did the the double. >> Okay. Nice. Yeah, this looks good. >> This This is Shaggy. >> Oh, nice, Ginger. Yeah, Pirates after fireworks is always always a good call. So, this ride should be even better in low light cuz it actually isn't quite as dark. Haunted Mansion is definitely the darkest ride in the park. Oh, it smells so good. >> Yeah, this won't take long. You >> seem to be out by fireworks time, but that should not be a problem. >> We're already quite far into this. Hallelujah. Wow, that looks great. >> Jenna managed to get Walt Disney World two times at Disney one time. That's cool. Wow. >> Go down here. This is a great >> S26 Ultra technically isn't out yet. It technically officially comes out on March 11th, so you can't really even buy it at the store yet. I just pre-ordered it, so then I get it I got it uh early. >> I mean, like, yes, people started getting their orders yesterday, but technically I think you'd have to wait till the 11th to buy it in the store. Unless I'm mistaken. >> Yeah, Space Mountain is pretty dark. That's true. >> DJ says, "Feels like I'm really there." Yeah, exactly. I used to do a lot of travel. Okay. Thank you, Mom. J, I'm only a 2-hour flight away. Yeah, that's where we were when we lived in Indiana. Indianapolis, Orlando's about 2 hours. Oh, big run. Yeah, that's the way to do it. pre-order is the way to do it. And I always highly highly recommend um doing it unlocked, unless you just get a crazy deal from the carrier and you don't mind keeping your phone for 2 years, which is not bad for most people actually. Then you you do the you buy it unlocked and then you can change carriers whenever you want and you can um you can just sell your phone whenever you're ready to uh trade. you just sell it yourself or actually trade into Samsung is usually pretty pretty lucrative. Samsung's better than Apple about tradeins usually. Like I said, they gave me $800 for my Samsung S24 Ultra. It's a 2-year-old phone. >> I was supposed to ship on the 11B live in stores on Friday. Wow. Totally worth it. I'm at 46% battery. Been streaming for two and a half hours. That's really good. Subscribe if you're new. >> Enjoy the stream. We've been having a great time already. We hope you are also having a great time with us. Look at that. My carrier offers seven PP trade in plus what is being worth. Okay, cool. AT&amp;T gave me 18 for my 13 Pro when I upgraded to 17. That was good. But was that with a 2-year contract? >> Um I I just have some as far as external power. I just use some batteries I found on Amazon. I'm I'm not super specific about batteries, but um I probably should be, but yeah, that's pretty dope right back there. One of my favorite another chicken which is chicken. >> Pyrus is reading 30. Are you going to make it for HA? Yes, because we got in line a long time ago. >> We're pretty far in there. Uh Jinger, I think we'll be okay. >> No, but my grandmother and my grand >> We're going to be a little close though. That is a 10-minute ride. That is a good point. >> See what happens. But yeah, we are actually >> pretty far in Eastern European languages, the Hungarian very Oh, Ginger. Wow. No, no worries about gifting memberships. But yeah, the um yeah, the hub is pretty bad signal. >> Was some kind of contractor I elected to do the upgrade every year. Okay, that's not bad. Yeah, we can't use AT&amp;T here very much. It's good in a few places, but by our house, it's not very good. It was good, but it was it was getting worse. >> And here at the parks, it's gotten a lot worse, too. >> We should be good. We It's a 10-minute ride, so we have to get on it by 8:45 to be to be safe. We We might have to hustle to the fireworks, okay? cuz it's a 10-minute ride. >> That mean I need to start an IV trip now. >> Yeah. >> Do they fix the S Pen being used to activate the camera? I actually don't know. Uh I can't I can't test it now, but yeah, it's a good question. >> Trading your phone, you're better off going through the carrier. Oh, really? I I've looked. I don't know that it's too big of a difference, but I guess if they let me do every up every every year upgrade, I'll have to look at that and see if it is better. I technically am just stuck with T-Mobile now. >> I'll do a little Google search here. Let's see what Let's see what Google says. >> Blown away by the phone quality. Thanks. It looks great. Is there the same dynamic with your clients? It's worth no good. Let me see here real quick. What are the best deals for upgrading to a Samsung Galaxy S26? the free storage upgrades. I missed that. >> T-Mobile currently offers the S26 Ultra for free with eligible trade in new line on top tier plans. Wow. >> All right. So, yeah, that is better. I >> have to look it up then. >> Uh Rascal says, "Thank you for showing this video and showcasing a tampon. I'm bringing the iPhone on this. My husband and Apple and I'm a Samsung, so showcasing the features has made my night." Well, there you go. I'm always glad to help. I'm going to call you. >> We're getting close. So, I get free Netflix with T-Mobile as well. Well, actually, we will. I have it, but I need to I need to fix it. That's a good Thank you for the reminder. >> We were paying for it, so we didn't want to do the ads, but we're we're trimming down a little bit now. And I need to switch the accounts >> so that I've got um so that I've got the uh the Netflix um that Liam has this save game off of the Transformers game. Apparently they the save game goes with your Netflix account, which I didn't know. So when I I got him on the new Netflix account, it was like the save game was gone and he he got upset. I was like, "Well, I get that." So I called Netflix and they were like, "No, we can't we can't change the save account. you got to use your old account. I was like, oh, okay. Fireworks are at 9, but we're almost there. We should make it so in 2020. Intrigued by the iPhone 17. It's a really good phone for a good price. You get the flagship processor. The camera is not as good. That's the big thing. You don't get any extra cameras and the actual sensor in the camera is not as good as the regular 17, but you do get 256 storage. 256 gig storage. So, it's a pretty compelling phone if you don't need the absolute best camera. >> Well, I've learned my lesson. I should have gotten a free upgrade on on T-Mobile since I always used T-Mobile. Have to look into that for next time. >> I always used to think it was better just to own the phone, but it probably isn't. See how this looks. We upgraded the S26 and S26 Ultra. The S26 was free ultra ended up being at $8 a month. Oh yeah, the $8 a month for 24 months thing that my wife does not like that. the extra monthly payment. >> Yeah. See, $8 for 24 months, that's $200, which is still less, but it's it's uh Yeah. >> Yeah. The S S26 Ultra for $200 is better than the $499 I paid, but then you wouldn't be able to upgrade for 2 years. I wonder though if if since I have an S24 or I had an S24 Ultra, I wonder if it would have been free. >> We're almost there. >> Wow. Hey, >> go this way. >> Oh, perfect. Yes. >> Yeah. The signal light I wasn't too worried about, but >> the um the low light is great. >> Do you find that problem that there's some degradation holding on to a signal the older that the phone gets? >> No. >> Like when it comes out brand new, it's really great busters and it has it, you know, 6 months, 9 months, months. Actually, I find that things on the Samsung at least they tend to get better at certain things after a little while cuz they get some updates that fix like it the engineers keep tuning stuff. So, the cameras usually get better. And the um iPhone doesn't do that as much, but the Samsung tends to like they really tweak it as it goes along. My S24 was actually worse than my S23 with low light when I got it and over about 6 months it got better and it actually ended up being way better because they just tweaked it. really because it's the first >> cellular modem. >> Is it not good? >> Oh, yeah. Make your mom's in. That's funny. >> Adam's celebrations 2 p.m. Uh, probably California time. Yeah. No, this one. So this one that's the Qualcomm's known as like the best modem like cellular modem manufacturer. This has got the newest Qualcomm modem in it. So I think it's doing pretty good. >> I think Apple >> they will they usually do but it usually takes them a few tries. >> It's going to take >> They know how to make chips. Like they make a really good They make really good CPUs for sure. >> Sorry John. I missed you by a day. >> And Mickey mom Jen says he forgot to pick you up. >> I know we only have three. >> Are we Are we going to sit three or four? Doesn't matter. We can do four. >> Okay. Thanks. >> It is a crazy world when football's worse than basketball. But hey, here we are. >> I think basketball get their act together. It's just going to take them a few years. >> They got to find the >> Make sure we're all the way behind that yellow line, everybody. Gates will close. second. >> All right. So, we're gonna >> So, right after this, we're probably going to have to take off pretty quick. So, >> take off. >> Take off. A Yeah, we're going to go right down to Main Street. >> You know, you know the spot. >> Keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside. >> Hi, Phil. All right, here we go. children and no flash pictures. >> All right, enjoy, guys. Thanks for letting me join you. >> Thanks for letting me join you. Oh, for sure. >> Oh my god. Oh my god, >> Jessica. Congrats on 18 months of bronze. Thank you. I'll read that later. Oh, >> thanks. Jessica looks amazing. You did an awesome job with the Starlight Parade. Can't wait to see during Fireworks. Thank you. Yes. We're on your left. We're not follow What the hell? I'm just Why is it actually I don't real fast. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. We're alive. We're alive. I feel surrender. We are shaking travel. Don't be chicken. >> I am no chicken. I will not talk. Are you put your gentleman on the road? Don't you scurvy skull. Do I hear 10? A h for a 10. I'll give you 20 for the robot. Keep them like studying me map. It's the treasure not for sure at Northeast. >> Wow. I could never see that before. ed. Oh, after white green wait. Heat. Heat. Oh, that's like This is beyond that. Yep. We're going to have to move quick. >> Ready, set, go. Oopsie. >> Excuse me. Sorry. Don't worry about any water going to come out of the side of your shoes. >> I get I got more wet than normal, too, cuz I you know, you're on that my hair is everything is soaked. It's pretty It was pretty wet. >> Never happened to pirates ever. >> Well, were you on the left or the right? >> So, when you I was on the right. So, because we were full in the row, we were really close to the side where the water comes up. >> Normally, we don't sit that close to the edge. >> Yeah. Oh, it does. >> Never happened to me. >> Yeah, I got the cannonball, too. >> All right. Here we go. Okay. >> Okay. >> Okay. Well, you know where to go, right? >> Well, no, but your dad knows where to go cuz you can keep up with me. >> Okay. All right, guys. >> It is go time. >> Okay. All right. Here we go. Oh, yeah. Look at that. >> Yeah. He's not right behind you. >> No, it's not even close. >> Not close. Look at that. Wow. >> Beautiful sky tonight. >> Wow. >> You really can't see any of that. >> Look at the Look at the clouds. >> You can't see any of that. Like barely. >> Yeah. Barely. >> Insane. I'm trying to explain. >> Okay, here we go. >> We just got off. Just missed you. Oh, sorry. >> What's that? I ran from France all the way to Guardians in less than 10 minutes and that's I think a mile. So >> that is a long one. >> I will be okay. >> Okay. Yeah, we we've done those runs before too. I think one time you guys were with us and we ran from from Guardians to France or was that the time you're talking about? >> I ran from so was gorgeous. Yes. And eventually he's very good. I love the quality of your phone. Thank you. >> You should be able to make it, >> dude. You like literally on the Instagram. You're like, I was making console turtles on TV. So like single thing, dude. >> 8 minutes. >> Plenty of time. >> Okay. Well, that was a nice surprise for you guys to come down on a whim. >> Yeah, it was great. >> We never >> I was kind of half asleep making my anatomy review sheet cuz I had a test last block before. >> Oh, man. >> So, I was up till like 12:30 making the review sheet, >> right? >> Um my diagrams and everything and whatever. >> But you got it done. >> Dad walked into my room and he was like, >> "So, >> yeah. Are you actually being serious?" Hey, I mean if you insist like >> Right. Yeah. Twist my arm. >> All right, we're moving. >> We're going to go that way. >> That's all right. All right, we were going to go this way anyway. >> All right. Yep. There we go. >> Go for long. >> All right. Yay. Literally the only reason I know how to deal with a cat is because of this thing. >> Yeah. >> No, it's exactly >> firstand training. >> Triage training. >> Hi. How are you? Good to see you. >> Oh my god, that's so funny. They actually know who you are. >> Some of the cast members. Yeah. >> That's so funny. >> Yeah, I know her. I've seen her around a lot. She's been watching us for a little while. That's >> so sweet though. >> Yes. Yeah, this is totally the best way to go though. You just shoot right through here and you're Oh, here we go. >> Yep. There's usually spots. See, we're 5 minutes out. Made it. Plenty of time. I just got to find a spot. >> All right. Oh, plenty of room. >> Yeah. Just got to find the not tall people. >> Yeah. >> And a way to get out there. Uh here there's a spot. Okay. >> Let's see. >> Uh where's looking? I kind of like to be in the middle here. Let's try this. not a nurse, but he >> maybe not bad. I'm just looking. I always look I'm always optimizing. >> Well, if we don't, somebody will. No. >> Oh, you got wet. Yeah. >> Oh, if you dry it off, it will. >> Oh, here. Okay, guys. Let me turn off the uh Wi-Fi real quick here. I'll be right back. There we go. Perfect. >> Oh, wow. Yeah, that's why it doesn't work. All right, guys. Who's ready for happily ever after in three minutes? Trace Manito. Let's do a castle zoom and check it out. Hey, classy Disney mom. Yeah, it's pretty good. >> All right, let's do a little ultra wide. >> Does the screen go black when it's going to ultra wide? I could see your little hands. Maybe it's awesome, Ginger. >> That looks pretty good. >> I won't watch the fireworks like that. It's too far away. But >> we made it. Josh hustle. Yeah, we had to hustle though. >> It did go black lip. Okay. I think there's a way to fix that in the in the app coding >> where it just freezes on the previous frame. >> All right, there we go. >> No worries. Bit Ritz, enjoy dinner. need some water. >> Okay. >> I didn't bring my super super on guard drop things that your dad was talking about. They they actually do they like burn the they burn the junk out of your throat. Yeah. Have you tried them? They're really good. >> Yeah, they're really good. Oh, look. They found us. Our daughter just got home from Indiana State University tonight for spring break. Watching live stream here in Fort Branch. I love it. Go Trees. Go Trees. Yep. That's where I graduated from. 2002 cuz I'm old. Hello. All right, here we go, guys. Enjoy >> the fireworks. Yes, you made it. My heart rate got to stay under 89. Nice. I guess I'm the will live happily ever after. Each of us has a dream, a heart's desire, a calls to us. And when we're brave enough to listen and bold enough to pursue, that dream will lead us on a journey to discover who we're meant to be. All we have to do is look inside our hearts and unlock the magic. Ready to begin? Let the wonder take it in. What's the moment on? I can feel that we're in to follow setting up a new soul. Every step we take brings a new home you take. Every choice we make only with our hearts. It's just beginning. My only star is shining bright. So make a wish and hold on tight. There's in the air tonight and Yeah. Heat. There truly wise the sand. Taste the morning out there. My ordinary man who freely walk the path there just one day and then I swear I'll be content with my share for reason. Your destiny lies within you. You just have to be brave enough to see it. And then your journey begins. I believe my own Oh my god. I take I make I know where I can go where I to be a light me and he's calling to me and let me know that I cross that Heat. Heat. I myself behind me. Oh. Trust me, having a best friend by your side opens up a whole new world possibilities. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. That's what friends are Mr. Everywhere. Some people are worth melting for. Say goodbye. Say goodbye to another. We don't have to fear anymore. There is no moment. in my heart. No matter what you say, be in my heart. Heat. Heat. I see the light. At this time the fall is lifted and at last I see the light is blue and it's real and bright and the world is somehow shed all Everything is different now that I see you. Now glues rare and beautiful. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Get Look inside yourself. You are more than what you have become. Remember who you are. I have been a dream of a fire like where the hero would be waiting for me. with a crowd to cheer. When we sing and the voice keeps saying, "This is where I'm meant to be. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. And so our journey comes to an end, but yours continues on. Grab hold of your dreams and make them come true. >> For you are the key to unlocking your own magic. Now go let your dreams guide you. Reach out and find your happiness. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. That last time you other than that last able to mix together. >> Well, that looked pretty good, guys, didn't it? That was awesome. So, my favorite my favorite thing I'll probably never forget this is hearing these two people sing this live on stage. >> Wow. It was >> I do your nail later. I mean, the camera's not looking at you, but no, it's it was seriously >> and it sounded just this good. Like, I mean, I posted it on the channel, but like still. >> Well, how I felt hearing what's her name? Uh, Mary. >> Oh, yeah. She was so good. >> She was insane. >> It's people mover time. >> You got to go this way, though. >> This is It's the easiest way to get somewhere without getting without getting run over. >> Wow, that looked really good. And yeah, I think Tink. She was a little bit brighter than what I wanted. I wanted to tone down the brightness a little bit. I didn't have time. I think if I got a little closer, it might look better. I just If I get a little closer to her, it might it might pull in the the exposure a little better. But no, it did really well. Um, also the focus locked like a champ. Almost don't even need infinity focus on this phone. This phone did not get freaked out by any of the brightnesses where the S24 just totally forgets what it's doing when something's bright. So anyway, probably the best I've seen. Yeah, honestly was the best I've seen, too. Um, and there's a lot of research, too, on this. It wasn't just like, oo, the new phone came out. I'm going to buy it. Like, I didn't buy the 25 cuz there wasn't enough better. This phone had a major update not just to the main lens, but also the zoom lens um and the ultra wide and the image processor, image signal processor, which is what's causing all the processing to look better. So, excuse me. So, yeah, Tik Tok. >> So, that's good. Tik Tok. No, not Tik Tok. All right. I wasn't saying that to him. They're long gone. It's, you know, you guys know. Anyway, it's good stuff. All right. >> Are you by yourself? >> Yeah. I'm so happy it works so well. Yeah. I was just did a lot of research on this to make sure it would be great. I'm so glad that it works so well. And the good news is it'll probably only get better because Samsung is pretty uh Let's see. Okay. I was trying to go to the right, but that's not going to work. We may have to frogger it. Here we go. >> So, I was going to say is um Samsung's really good about like tweaking the software for the phones as it goes along. Okay, now it's really dark back here and it doesn't look dark. Anyway, I'm done. It's good. I like it. I'd like to actually do Peter Pan maybe if we can. There is als but there is Starlight at 10:00. So, I don't know. We'll see. I got to do Peter Pan a different night. We want to watch Starlight again. I know the Starlight was a little bit loud. The kids were having fun. I had no issue with it. But if you wanted to uh if you guys wanted to watch it with a little quieter uh little quieter audio, we can do that, too. Again, nothing. I'm glad the kids are having a great time. It just, you know, we're blessed that we get to watch it as many times as we want. So, if one recording is louder than another, then that's that's fine. So, all right, let me turn Actually, it's too bright right now. It's crazy. That's better. These lights are really bright, these globe lights. So, they're they're kind of blowing out a little bit, but they're not bad. I saw Streamfinder talking about how much better it was. Yeah, it's good stuff. It works even better through dark areas. Yeah, it's very noticeable. Aperture is one of the most important things when you look at a camera. A lot of people don't know that. I just giving away my secrets. But no, it's not a secret. You just have to you can you can uh you can just do the research and find that out. But um aperture is how far the lens opens up whenever how far the the shutter opens basically or and how quickly it opens. The lower the number, the better for low light. Anyway, >> now if you're if you're streaming in some if you're streaming or if you're filming in really really bright conditions, then you may want a uh may want a smaller or slower aperture just a little bit just to get um better. Okay. Uh excuse us. Anyway, maybe I'm wrong on that. But either way, when it's bright, you kind of want a little bit less light getting in because it can blow out. Signal is so strong, too. Oh, Jungle Cruises 5. Oh my goodness. I didn't want to I didn't want to uh fight the crowd over there, but yeah, I do love Jungle Cruise. That would be a good test, too. We may not make it over there. We'll see. >> And then then again, we may. I don't know. >> Excuse me. >> After movie, there will be time. Uh, >> let's see. It's kind of hard to look at the ride lines right now. We've done Pirates. We've done Haunted. I don't really want to do Tiana with the brand new phone right now. Um, I wouldn't mind doing another dark ride if we can. So, let's find another dark ride. Whether it be Peter Pan or whether it be um I guess coming. Okay. Whether it be uh maybe uh maybe Winnie the Pooh. I don't know. Maybe Jungle. Jungle's going to line up pretty quick though. >> Yeah, Jungle Cruise is dark for sure. That would have been a good one. Maybe we'll run over there if the line's still low. By the time I get over there now, it's going to be longer. Pan would be an extra. So, I could do pan. We could totally get to pan right after this. It would mean no starlight. I wouldn't mind doing that, actually. If I had to pick, I'd probably pick pan. It looks great in Tomorrowland at dark, though. Just picking out the highlights nicely. Pet 15. Yeah. Not by the time we get there it won't be. After after fireworks wait times are not accurate. That is a big tip for people if you don't know that fireworks uh fireworks post fireworks wait times are not accurate because everybody's running after the fireworks to get to their favorite ride. And so it's always unless you're like in the front it's always going to be longer. So but who knows? I I I could be wrong. >> I could be wrong. I think it'd be fun to try out Peter Pan. I don't want to miss Starlight, but maybe we could do Peter Pan and then run down to like Main Street. >> Does anybody know is is is uh Starlight going from Main Street this time? Is that what it is? >> More of a line than normal here. Usually this is a walk on at this point. >> I just tuned in a picture is crystal clear. It looks great. Even the bubbles look great. Yeah. Pirates red tan we just walked on. Nice. That's good. Yeah, pirates not usually too bad. I'm interested to see how Jungle Cruise changes over the next couple minutes. Pan already jumped to 35. >> Yeah, Peter Pan already jumped to 35. This is the GTA non-stop service around >> goodness getting tired. But this has been fun. Yes, Space Mountain's pretty dark. It did a pretty good job on there. >> I can probably crank up the quality a little bit. I'm sure everybody's going to be getting this phone now. >> The test was successful. >> No, not everybody. Who knows? People may like what they got. >> Uh, so the the S26 Ultra, I ordered it um a week or two ago, and they they send them early. They usually do that. They send the phones a few days early. >> Starts in Frontier Land, ends on Main Street. Good. We may have to do that. >> I started lost like >> Yep. Crew is still five. Well, we'll see. Maybe, maybe it'll it'll hold tonight. >> He usually doesn't. It usually jumps. Everything's holding pretty good tonight. We'll see. Tron's going to pop up pretty good. We have to switch from my phone. Yeah. Hey, it's your choice. You won't get the blue bubbles anymore. But you know that doesn't matter to everybody. >> Don't jump over. >> No, we won't. We won't. We will not. Please enter your car. For your safety, remain seated at all times. And other amenities inside your car and please supervise. Stay clear of the doors which will open and close your address. Please step carefully onto the platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times. >> Uh, how many we going? Are we going all four? >> Oh yeah, four. Uh, our app guy wrote the code in um, React Native. >> Quality is the best I've watched at night. Nice. >> All right, here we go. Please step carefully onto the viewing platform, then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors, which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. >> Jungle crew is still five. Peter's up to 50, so we may do Jungle Cruise. This is me. Gracias. Please step carefully onto the moving platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times. Keep your hands arms. >> I can take a picture of you. That might be better than a selfie. >> No, we're going to we're going to purposely I'm going to do it really poorly. >> Okay. Leave me alone. >> This is the TTA blue line service. Greetings intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the people mover presented by Enterprise. I'm 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow. And my stars is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in tomorrow. >> For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders. Transfer to Green and Red Lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future right by two of my favorite spots. >> First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, you've seen that tiny people move. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except ash stars. Those are no longer sold. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Run. >> I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. >> Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward- facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. This is 75 or as you locally call it space. Our highspeed rocket to test deep space destination. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral moons of Pisces 7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Boot today. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Mr. Marorrow, Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> And so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. I just find out how much I don't sleep like I don't want to buy I don't want to Another way. >> Attention travelers. Your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. Hold the door. >> Oh, hey. >> Hello. >> Good morning. >> Are we going to get any package? It reminds me of the It reminds me of the the end of the bus ride back from the formal. >> Oh, yeah. >> Right. You're on the bus ride or the formal, you're ready to date, then the bus lights come on. >> Oh, yeah. >> And you're like, uh >> uh that happens uh when you go back to the resorts, too. >> On the bus, they'll turn on the they'll turn on the uh >> lights when they get in there to the resort. >> Going on trips with marching bands in high school. >> Oh, yeah. And they would >> go immediately. >> I was about to say, "Wow, look how look how well it handles this hallway." And it's like, "Well, yeah. Spotlight's on." >> That's like my That was like my move in high school when I after I sang the national anthem. But they love it. They're giving me a standing ovation. My friend like, "You idiot. They have to stand. >> They have to stand for the anthem." Yep. see in there really well. >> Yeah. Can you catch your glass? >> The phone did. >> I guess they worked after hours. monsters. Whether you have one eye or nine, take the time to see this show. >> Now approaching tomorrow authority station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come full point. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you along. And even though we're concluding, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go and explore tomorrow. >> Got me in yawn. >> Wow. I look like I'm in pain. My gosh. Happen to look over when you're I actually wondered if that was going to happen. >> That's all right. That was a good yawn, though. >> And Sans, hello. Have a great night. All right, here we go. >> All right, we got to show that on the stream here in a second. >> That's good content right there. private platform. >> I was yawning and Isa got a picture of the castle and me with my mouth wide open and my head back. It was quite funny. >> Please keep arms and we got to get up and remain seated until they open and exit by the car. >> That's right. You were right. The uh >> Thank you. Jungle Cruise never changed. It stayed five, I think. Let's see if it's still five. Yeah. Honey Mansion didn't change either. So, there you go. Okay. Peter Pan's back down to 40. But maybe we'll just do Jungle Cruise cuz Peter Pan is pretty long. So, so Peter Pan went up. Tron, of course, went up. Winnie the Pooh went up to 35. That's a rope drop Winnie the Pooh now, man. So, here I'll I'll do a Hold on. All right. Here we go. I'll do a reenactment. That was basically what she got a picture of. That was really funny. Um, so yeah, if you guys are Oh, him and OJ, if you're just joining us, uh, we've got, uh, David and Issa here. Or do you prefer Izzy? >> I don't really care. >> Okay. I hear both and I just don't know which one is better for you. >> My my family is >> that I noticed that. Okay. All right. And then we got Shaggy. the uh we use the teleporters from uh Skippy. >> Yes. >> Oh, that's good. Somebody's got to use them. >> So, uh >> it's funny. I only have two names and I definitely have a preference. Joshua is just not my vibe. >> Jish. Yeah, that's fine. That's fine. No. Or Ralph. >> When I was younger, I hated being called Dave. But now that I'm older, I'm like, "Yeah, I don't really care." As long as it's not an expert. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. The colors are really good. >> All right. Well, let's >> You guys are welcome. I know you're not here that much. I'm going to do Jungle Cruise. It's only 5 minutes. You're welcome to do whatever you want. You're welcome to come with me or you're welcome to do whatever. We only have We only have time for one more ride. >> Totally fine. Don't listen to the haters. I have no idea who the haters are. We have haters. That's fun. >> What's that? >> This has been the highlight of my trip. >> Oh, that's awesome. >> I I enjoy meeting new people. >> Oh, well, that's great. Yeah, Dave and Issa are great people. >> Well, Issa is >> I didn't include myself in that. >> Great people. Kind of miserable. >> Uh, okay. Okay, so we have $2 from a Sandler 11. Thank you so much. $2 from Aandler. And we also had Oh, hello. Hold on. I killed the gimbal. One thing about this phone is it's less balanced than the other one. Is that uh the the Okay. Yeah, that's not going to work. So, the uh There we go. Big Ron just became a member. Thank you, Big Ron. Yeah, the the cameras go further down on this one in the back. You can see how far they go. Oh, yeah. And so you can't really balance the gimbal very well because the the the cameras go so far down. >> Obviously, you can't put the gimbal on top of the camera. >> That would be bad. >> Yeah. >> That was like me trying to take a selfie with my thumb over the lens. >> That is not going to work. >> Same. >> No, I just got this. In fact, it's not even officially out yet. They I pre-ordered it and so they sent it early. It's actually not out till Wednesday officially. >> But yeah. No, this He uses S23. We use the Ultra. We use the I used to have the 24 Ultra. Oh, the gimbal. No. Um, he uses a DJI. This is a mosa. >> I've never used one. >> I do like the mosa just cuz I have more control over it. It doesn't flip and flop around, but now it's flipping. I may have to switch because of this phone. I didn't know that. But we'll see. Thanks for the Saturday night stream. You're welcome. >> You're not annoying me at all. >> You would know. I would feel more bad about you guys not not getting the ride that you I'd feel more bad about you guys not getting the ride you want to do because you don't get to be here like every weekend like I do. So don't feel bad about splitting off and I'll see you right after. But you can also come with us. It's totally fine. >> Oh, I love jungle. >> Okay, cool. >> Oh, by the way, I saw some of the tripods are good. >> Yeah, you got new tripods. >> You can? >> Yep. Tripods are fine. >> Okay, >> cuz I know you can't take that like you can't open that up on a ride. I think I think it's only a problem if you're obstructing and then they'll you know photo like >> why don't you put that away and we can take a picture for you. >> I mean yeah they that's the thing if it's like >> smooth >> if it's break like if it's making a crowded moment then they they might encourage you to put it away but yeah for sure. Uh let's see Spicy Sweet just became a member. Thank you Spicy Sweet for becoming a member. We appreciate all you guys becoming members tonight. That is super nice. Uh we have a membership on YouTube. We have Patreon. We have uh PayPal. We have the super chat. We have all those things, but just enjoy the stream and we enjoy having you guys here. All right, so let's talk about uh Oh, nice. Let's talk about the um awesome sponsors, which I haven't talked about at all tonight. We have mickeyblog.com and mickeyras.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning advice. Go check out mickeytras.com to book your next trip right to Walt Disney World here or any other Disney park or cruise. It's mickeyras.com. Again, that's mickeytravels.com. Go check us out. Go check them out. Also, we have resorttv1homes.com. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, resortbomes.com is your best bet. They have awesome realtors. They're brokered by EXP Realy and they will help you find your dream home here in Central Florida. So, thank you for being here everybody. >> Dream Table was a success again. >> Yeah, I was We'll get to them here in a second, but yeah, Dream Table's awesome. Yes. >> One day notice. >> Nice. >> So, yeah, guys, uh it's resortv1homes.com. Click on contact us and definitely um find your dream home here in Central Florida. Is resort tv1homes.com. >> I thought he said it right. I wouldn't do it every time. >> Ian's Ian Sans 199. My mom love the stream. Shout out Jenny Sans. Thank you so much Ian and Jenny. Appreciate you guys for watching. Thank you so much for the super chat. Oh yeah, >> we also have Davis DVC rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. That's dbcrequest.com/tv. Go check him out. David's DVC rentals dbcrequest.com/tv. >> David's DVC Rentals dbcrequest.com/tv. >> I'll do a few more right after. >> Oh my god. before your dad finds his name. >> Oh, >> tell. So, like David was saying, uh, we have a um the Dream Table app. So, yeah, they did beacon barrel again. We did go 82 with it. I've actually done reservations to everything. Uh, just tried reservations to several different things. It's really, really great. You can go check it out uh at Dreamtable on the App Store or just go to their website too, dreamtable.co. They're awesome. Dreamtable.co. One of the most impressive apps I've seen in a long time. >> It's really, really good. Yeah. So, what it does is it if you put in um where you want to eat, it searches and searches and searches for where you want to eat. And then um and then it will actually uh and then once it uh finds it, it'll notify you and then you make the reservation yourself. It doesn't make it for you. That's pretty awesome. Yeah, but you click on it and it brings you right to the reservation page. >> That it does do that, too. Yes, it does bring you right to the reservation page. >> That is true. >> Yeah, it's really really cool. It's a great great idea and a great implementation for sure. >> All right, I'm going to plug it in. Plug it in. So, we're at 15% now, but it's done well. >> It's five minutes still. >> Okay. Well, there you go. Ginger was right. >> This one never changed. the funnest. >> Welcome in. >> I love it. >> Welcome in. >> Is actually the funniest, most handsome, most amazing human being. >> Stop talking to me like that. >> Inappropriate. >> What? >> Are we going to get our own boat again? >> Uh, probably not. >> I did. I did. Actually, we're going to uh standby, aren't we? Yeah. >> Okay. We don't have the lightning lane. >> Skipper Josh says hello. >> Oh, I'm Josh, too. Okay, hold on. Hold on. We got this. >> Uh, four. >> All right. >> Four. >> Watch your head. Watch your step. Use those handrails. Use those handrails. >> Watch your head. Watch your step. Use those handrails. >> Sorry. Hold on. Let me move my There we go. >> Clear. >> We made it. That's right, Jinger. All right, here we go. >> Please remain seated keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside of the vehicle and supervise children. Well, welcome to the world famous Jungle Cruise where we are world famous for being famous around the world. My name is Skipper Kirsten and I'm going to be your guide today. Now, folks, if you drop anything in the river, just go ahead and raise your hand. Yeah, I will raise mine, too, and we can wave goodbye to it together. Well, we are starting our adventure off here in the Amazon rainforest where it rains 365 days a year. You know, that is almost every day. Well, on your left, you're going to see Inspiration Falls. You may be wondering, why is it called Inspiration Falls? That's because when you look at it, it gives you the inspiration to go deeper and deeper into the jungle. Everybody say, "Ooh." >> "Ooh." >> Everybody say, "Ah." >> Ah. >> Wow. That was really inspiring. Well, we are now entering the Congo River. So, let's see how far this boat can go. Up ahead we have our famous boat baits and bite shop. Uh if you folks are hungry, we can pull over here for some food. Yeah, I've heard piranha is always good for a quick bite. And uh if you're not in the mood for fish today, that's all right. We do have snake surprise surprise. >> Well, we are now entering banana country, so keep your eyes peeled cuz we may need to split. What in the jungle? It looks like those gorillas have taken over camp. And look what they did to my truck. How horrible. They left the lights on. Man, now I'll never get it to turn over. Well, we are now entering the Nile River, which is the longest river in the world. Yeah. It goes on for Niles and Niles and Niles. And if you don't believe me, well, you're probably in denial. Yeah. On your left, you're going to see an African elephant. You know, a fun fact about elephants is they actually have the best memory in the jungle. I sure wish I had that kind of memory. It would really help with my job. Now, on your right, you're going to see an African elephant. You know, a fun fact about elephants is they actually have the best memory in the jungle. Yeah, I sure wish I had that kind of memory. It would really help with my job. Well, we have now entered the African belt where you will see a wide variety of wildlife from here to there. And what are those lions doing? Man, that zebra sure looks dead. Tired. Dead tired. Yeah, he's just sleeping, folks. Nighty night. Rest in pieces. Well, up ahead we have some of the most intelligent, scientific, and artistic minds in the entire world. And also, Skipper Felix. Yeah, today is his first day and probably his last. I think he forgot the number one rule of the jungle, folks. Stay in your boat. But I'm sure he'll get the point in the end. Well, we have now entered crocodile country where danger lurks around every bend. Actually, his name is Smiley. Danger is his middle name. And that one right there is Ginger. You got to be careful with her. Ginger snap. Yeah, she's one tough cookie. Now, up ahead, we have the famous Schwitzer Falls, which is of course named after our founder, Dr. Albert Hall. But, uh, don't worry about that now, folks. We'll go over it later. You know, a lot of people ask me, Skipper Kirsten, how did you land your job here at the Jungle Cruise? And well, it's pretty plain to see. Yeah, I took a crash course and now I'm just winging it. But that's pretty much the tail end of that story, folks. My career never really took off the way I'd hoped, but that's all right. My parents are still proud. Well, we have now entered the uh hippo pool and it looks like they're getting ready to charge. But don't worry, I can scare them away to see why I did my ex. >> I love you. Move in with me. >> Anyway, it looks like up here this boat's been taken over by some chimps and uh one of them's got a mic. So, let's listen to what he has to say. Oh man, that's a good one. I'm going to have to remember that. Well, up ahead we have some more chimps that seem to be enjoying a quick snack. Yeah, looks like some bread and butterflies. But if you ask me, butterflies just ate what they used to be, caterpillars. And now the moment you all have been waiting for. The eighth wonder of the world, the back side of water. H2. Yeah, that's just a little chemistry joke for you. I make them periodically. Well, we have now entered the Mecon River. And I don't know about you folks, but uh all these crocodiles up ahead sure are make me nervous. Well, it looks like we're about to enter this ancient Cambodian temple. And uh I have no idea what we're going to find in there. So, I need you all to keep your eyes open. And I'm going to keep mine closed. Midnight. Folks, it looks like we made it out alive. If anybody is not here, can you raise your hand? I hope we find you later. Well, we have now entered the sacred bathing pool of the Indian elephant. Uh, if you folks want to take a picture, go right ahead. Yeah, they do have their trunks on. Oh no, it looks like these elephants up ahead are going to try to splash us. Everybody duck. Duck. Duck. Duck. Grey duck. If you thought I was going to say goose, well, I'm from Minnesota, so it's grey duck. You know, seeing all those elephants back there really reminds me. A fun fact about elephants is they actually have the best memory in the jungle. I sure wish I had that kind of memory. It would really help with my job. Well, on your left, you're going to see our gift shop. And uh you may be wondering, why does that sign say lost and found? Well, lost are treasures left behind by adventurers before you. and found our amazing deals at rock bottom prices. Now folks, as we approach the dock, please remain seated, keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside of the vehicle and supervise children. Y'all have truly been outstanding on the boat today. And uh in a moment here, I'm going to need one more thing from you, and that's for you to be uh Outstanding on the dock. Get out. I'm sorry that was hurt. Please get out. >> Watch your head. Watch your step. Use those handrails. Thank you. Have a great night. Watch your head. Watch your step. Use those handrails. >> Watch your head. Watch your step. Use those handrails. >> All right, we made it. >> Yeah, it was awesome. Um, the other cave worked. Um, it only lagged for a couple seconds in there. We got down to one bar and it it held for a minute and then actually it lagged right where there was a >> a brighter spot. The the encoder was like trying to >> make it through the cable >> almost. I I was trying to keep it cuz if you keep it in a darker spot, the phone has less data to send through, but it was a bright spot and it was like, "Nope, not doing that." And it like it tried to spike the bit rate and it was like, "Nope, can't do it." So, no, it actually did pretty well. But also, Michael O'Brien, my goodness, he gifted 20 memberships. Michael, thank you so much. That was so awesome. Michael O'Brien with 20 memberships. It did come back pretty quickly and I didn't touch it. I let it come back on its own. So, we So, here, let me see. Michael O'Brien gifted memberships to so many people. Hudat Dave. Uh David Renegade Parker Owens. David Toro RJ Family forever. Matter matter cam Matt uh Vikings fan sleeping something. Sleepy something. Sorry. Melanie Martin behind the grand adventures. K E like cule I think Reaper Bu Andrea Orum Maggie Doodle Charlie Don't Surf Delicate Messages Refilling My Pixie Dust MLP Maverick Wade in the H2O Micro Adventures. Oh, okay. So, that was Yep, there we go. Cool. That's a usual lag spot. Other than that that I thought it was clear through the phone. Yeah, it was. And yeah, I mean it can't the phone, you know, it's good. It can't defy physics. That cave is way underground. Every once in a while there's a great signal there, but you almost have to uh you almost have to >> Oh, did you guys want to watch the uh do you guys want to watch the parade? Well, actually, let's let's let's think about this. Starbucks is open till 10:30. Let's grab the Starbucks and then we'll catch the parade as it comes down Main Street. That's that's a way to do that's the way to do that. >> All right. So anyway, >> all we could do >> Oh, thank you.ist have to do that. >> Appreciate it. >> One hand cookie, one hand. >> Go for it. >> Yeah, it but the phone the phone did really really well in there. It was just a matter of less signal. >> I don't know what time the >> Hey you guys, this is a great stream. I'll see you tomorrow. Awesome. >> I won't be live tomorrow, but you can watch the replay. Low lighting in a theme park would make me think park was closing down if I didn't look at my phone clock. Yeah, Evan Dia has gifted a membership. Thank you, Edwin. To uh Chris uh Bore Bore YK. >> Let me check. >> Uh so let's see where are we at here on We got sponsors I think maybe. Um hi. >> Say hi. >> How are you? >> Good. I appreciate your live. Thank you. I appreciate you guys saying that. >> I've got I've got that shirt or something similar to that. The D23. That's fun. >> Yes. Yes. Jenna, >> is she here? >> No. >> Okay. >> Just me tonight. >> Yeah. Usually just me on Fridays. >> Okay. Okay. >> Where you guys from? >> Texas area. >> Nice. >> Yes. Yes. >> Do you guys want to say hi on the live stream? >> Um, >> you don't have to. That's fine. Oh, >> we'll say hi to Chloe. Hi, Chloe. >> What are your names again? Leslie and Chelsea. >> Leslie and Chelsea. All right. Well, nice to see you. >> Nice to Do you mind if we take a quick picture? >> Sure. Sure. >> Thanks. >> Is there enough light here? Maybe. >> I think it might be okay. >> I hope we I hope we help we held still enough. No, it does. It does that. It does a good job. It just takes a while, >> right? >> Yeah. Awesome. >> Thank you. >> Nice to meet you both. >> You too. So, all right. So, we're going to grab >> some cookies and Cokes and things. >> Yes. Yeah. The skippers always do such a great job on Jungle Cruise. >> Looks so good at night on this thing. >> Cats might not. Hello stargazers. It's almost time to wish upon a star. >> All right, Jinger, we'll see you in a bit. >> In just a few minutes, Disney Starlight dream the night away will begin to fully immerse you in the experience around the human being. For your safety and the safety of those around you, I ask that you remain in the same location until the lighting returns to normal. >> Thank you. >> Uh Kevin 499, thanks for the great stream, Josh. Kevin S726. Thanks for the super chat, Kevin. You guys are being super generous tonight. I really appreciate that. It is uh very helpful and very much appreciated. >> You helped me pay off the phone. No, just kidding. It's paid off, but you know, but it helps. It helps with all the equipment and stuff we try and get, and it just all every little bit helps for sure. So, thank you. >> I'm not doing Casey's, but you guys are more than welcome. >> Well, we were thinking that we could get So, Isabelle, if one of us is going to get cookies, >> the other ones of us are going to get the hot dogs and have a hot dog, and then we'll find you after we're done with the hot dogs. >> Sounds good. >> Cuz you're only open till 10:30. >> Yes. Yeah. Both are only open till 10:30. So, we got to That's why I thought it might be good. Yeah, I thought it might be good to We can come down here and watch Starlight. Best place to watch is down there by the train station. And there's Yeah. And there Well, no. So, I'm going to go I'll go uh into Starbucks and help with that. And then we'll and we'll do the uh then we'll I'll I'll find down by the train station. But yeah, it'll be right >> not on not by the train station, but on the other side of the street. >> All right. So, I'll just I'll text you when we're done. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but we'll if I if we get done with Starbucks, we'll be down there. Oh, yeah. We're going to stream. I'll keep streaming till uh at least till after the parade. >> Oh, hey. Oh, Ginger was There are three people asking to buy me Starbucks. I love this. You guys are so nice. I don't know. You can fight about it. Ginger wanted to buy me Starbucks. Shaggy did. And I think you guys were also going to do the same. I can even buy my own either way. You guys are so nice. It doesn't matter to me. We got to get across the street, though. >> We get a price for it. >> Yeah. Uh oh, there's a room. Okay. >> No, thanks, Ginger. We can We can definitely wait for you guys, though. >> Okay. >> All right. I'm gonna wait for uh >> I'll wait for Ginger and and Charlotte. You guys can go ahead. >> Yeah. Yeah. However, >> I do, but whatever you guys want to do is fine. >> Okay. All right. Sorry. We'll wait for you guys. It's not The line's not long, so no worries. No rush. You got 21 minutes till it closes. So, you don't even have to hustle. Better hope they get your name right. If they don't, I still get to enjoy a cookie. And sometimes it's kind of funny. I pray it's coming. Well, thanks for subscribing. We are getting closer to finally busting out of 214,000 subscribers. Man, it's been a long time at this number. They're busting out of 213,000. Finally, maybe. It's funny. The Coke that I just finished, we bought this morning at Publix. We were waiting for Liam's rehearsal to be over and we had to we had to use the restroom. Um and um Steph has this Steph has this thing where she doesn't like to uh use the restroom someplace unless we buy something. And so we bought uh we bought snacks at at Publix. Will that close-up to wide screen works? It might. I don't it it won't make the Emporium windows We'll have to check it later. It won't make the Emporium windows glare less. The glare the glare won't be helped by the wide angle, but I think it's mostly for stuff up close. See, because Yeah, cuz it looks pretty good on these windows. But don't think that'll help. It just helps for stuff that's super close up. >> Like even like the bricks here, if you get close enough, it'll it'll switch. Hello stargazers. It's almost time to >> I guess not. It's not bright enough. >> In just a few minutes, Disney Starlight Dream the Night Away will begin to fully immerse you in the experience. The lighting around the Magic Kingdom will be reduced. For your safety and the safety of those around you, we ask that you remain in the same location until the lighting returns to normal. >> Thank you. >> How you doing? Tranquil Tuesday this week. Yep. That's the plan. >> That's the plan. >> Tranquil Tuesday is always fun. >> You can see through the window. Okay. Okay. Thanks for a great night. New camera is great. Much love from Minnesota, Paul, Brandy, and James. Thank you. I'm glad that you guys enjoy it. Uh Wayne sent $12 on PayPal. Thank you, Wayne. Appreciate that. >> Cookies. >> Thank you, sir. >> I'll find you back here. >> Oh yeah, I will. I'm just waiting for Jinger and Charlotte cuz they were wanting to come and join us. So, >> absolutely. We're going to go grab a table. >> Okay, perfect. >> Get some food. >> We're uh I'll probably end up back there on the on the on the town square side, you know, the little circle thing. But yeah, we'll see you >> down there. >> Hopefully the cookie is ready and >> Oh, yeah. I'll give you the hand off before we go get our food. >> Well, you got time. Thank you, though. No, this um parade's just now starting down the street. It'll take a while to get around. >> I could actually just stand here and watch it, too. But >> if you want to watch the parade, we'll go to Starbucks. Oh, yeah. No worries. I mean, I can see it from here, too. So, The fireworks happened uh >> a little over an hour ago. >> Excuse me. >> I don't know where he's in. You guys are fine. You guys look great. There we go. >> Wow. Somebody's excited. Yeah. Thanks for stay Thanks for staying with us, guys. Oh, here we go. Here's the intro. Yeah. Heat. Wow. >> Good evening everyone. Welcome to this wonderful night. Did you know that when a star is born, they possess an attitude? >> One of them is this. They have the power to make a dream come true. >> So come with us now as we go on a magical journey through the stars and dream. >> Thank you. Awesome. Heat. Heat. Heat. That's a couple guys. Thank you. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. are about to return to starlight and all that is good. May each and every one of your dreams come true. Do as dreamers do and wish upon a star. Stay right there. Welcome on this journey through the stars where anything is possible and your most cherished dreams come true. Why hello there. Come with me and dream the night away. Stars are so inspiring. Be grace, truth, and selfless, and all your wishes may come true. W. We all deserve to have our wishes. They belong to us and they are you. We are stars. Nighttime is the best time to dream. Do you think it feels like we can touch the stars? Do you think she are you? Heat. Heat. This I see a family and they're here. They're embracing a Isn't that nice? Hey guys. What else? Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Hey, Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Wow. Thanks for saving me from India. I can't tell about our adventure. Am I dreaming? Wow, that is so cool. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. So, lady, are you having fun? >> Everything is so magical. >> We're just getting started. Heat. Heat. Heat. Everything is always so magical. Heat. Heat. Oh boy. The stars with all our friends. >> It's like we're on a sharing star. There's so many stars to wish about tonight. I wish my star just like us. It's a dream to be up here among the stars. It's a wish away. >> Hi. >> You guys made it. >> I wasn't sure if you made it or not through the parade. >> No, nothing stores or no money because they gave us tickets. >> Oh, awesome. Well, once once the traffic clear, we'll go find wherever David and then we're sitting >> over there somewhere. >> I think so. >> I think it's going to be on Casey's. We'll wait for the traffic to clear a little bit. Guys, that was awesome. Yes, the camera is a definite upgrade. Um, wow. And oh my gosh, I got some awesome thumbnail pictures of Whimsy in the castle. Let's see. Oh yeah. Yeah, that's a thumbnail shot right there. Even with the smoke and everything. Oh, that's cool. He closes his eyes and puffs his cheeks. Hello. Yeah, those are good. I'm going to use those. Oh, here's the ending. I love it. Heat up here. Such a beautiful. >> Yeah, it's really good. I don't know. I Some people the other night said they weren't convinced about the music. I'm like, how could you not be? It's so good. Like I was saying earlier, it doesn't have to be Spectre Magic. I don't think anything could beat it. It just has to be good in its own way. >> Oh, Spectro Magic. Like, if they played it right now, I'd be a balling mess. I don't really cry that easily, but Spectro Magic, I'd be done. But that show is really good. >> I wasn't coming to the parks during that period. Oh, >> okay. So, you didn't get to If you ever watch a video of it, it doesn't do it justice, but the music is so powerful now. That is pretty good, though. That is pretty good. >> Love the camera. And somebody said they ordered an S26 Plus just because of that stream. That's awesome. I should have put a link in this thing. >> I only grew up on the OG. >> No, that's awesome. Yeah, I mean Main Street electrical parade is good for sure. No, but I'm glad you got to buy a uh new phone off of this. Yeah, it was, you know, I hope the S26 is Plus is as good, but it they're they're both hopefully it's it's close to as good as as this one, too. They're both really good, though, I would say. Uh let me call him and see. >> Oh, there they are right there. >> Oh my goodness. Yeah, the music's so good. Ah, >> so this is the S26 Ultra. >> You made it >> here. Pull up some shares. I'm probably going to go in the stream and then we'll uh and then I'll come back and eat with y'all. That way >> cookies are >> Oh, perfect. All right. So, if everybody wants to if everybody wants to say good night to the stream, we can I'll I'll say uh >> I don't know. I think uh Isa think your mom is still watching. So, >> say hi, mom. Oh, she's eating. It's okay. Sorry, I caught her eating. And Ginger and Charlotte. >> Good night. >> Yeah, good night. Thank you for hanging out and and coming and finding us again. And it looks like we're all going to share a salmon roll cuz you guys got a free salmon roll. >> We did. They like our outfits. And they gave us a pin that says, "I'm celebrating your magical vibes." >> I love that so much. Okay, this is another thing this phone does. Watch this. Okay, it's it's in regular mode now. Watch. It's going to zoom on her on her pen. Watch what it does. Okay. Well, a second ago it did it. It switches to ultra wide so that it can it can actually focus better. It's it's already focusing pretty well. It might have done it and I just didn't notice. But let me see if it'll do it if I if I go back out again. >> Let's see. Come on. You can do it >> now. It's being shot >> now. Of course. Now it's being shot. But it it did a minute ago. >> Yeah. It It's really cool. >> Pretty cool. >> I got the light blue S26 Ultra. So, so and Shaggy, uh, good good night. I mean, I'll be back, but u tell the streaming streaming good night the people on the stream I can't talk. Yeah, that's what I meant. >> Absolutely. >> Thanks for joining me. And uh, of course, David, >> thank you for surprising me. >> Those people. >> Yep. >> Is uh, is Gia still at grandma and grandpa's house? >> No, she failed. >> Okay. >> Although my mother Well, my mother had her brother. You guys should still be >> a Well, I'm glad you got to visit though. >> Yes. >> Maybe it'll Okay, maybe it'll Here. >> We had the whole family burger watching. >> Let's see if it'll do it now. >> Grandma, grandpa. >> How fun. >> There we go. There it goes. >> See it? And you can see it switch perspective, but but like it it's so you can get it. Look how close you can get it. >> Very cool. >> And then bam. >> I've never seen a phone do that on a live streaming app. Like the iPhone actually has done it for a while. It will do it on the regular camera app, but like every phone does everything on the regular camera app, but to do it on a third party app is like super rare. So, yay, Samsung. You did a thing. That was good. All right, I'll be back. >> I'll be back. >> Keep the cookies uh warm. That's right. It finally it finally did the thing. Guys, thank you so much for joining me. This is so fun. I got great friends here tonight. uh got surprised with David and I I knew Jinger was here and Shaggy, of course, we saw him the other night. It was great to see them again. Uh but yeah, big surprise with uh David and Nissa being here. How fun. And this is a great phone. It's also charges really fast. Like I plugged it in when we were getting on Jungle Cruise and it's already at 71%. It charges way faster than the other phone. Oh, the the parade parade music is still ending down there. How fun. All right, here. Let me go. Let me go show the the Windows real quick. Uh I don't know if Jay's still watching, but I'm such an Apple girl, but I really think I need to switch to Samsung. I'm telling you, they're doing some great stuff. But now Apple, I got to give Apple credit. Apple came out with some things that were way more affordable for people, and I'm always all for that cuz I mean, sometimes we can't just buy a $1,200 phone, right? Like, it just it's it's pretty expensive. Like, we do it because our phones are necessities, but sometimes you can get one that does all the same things for a lot less, and that's great. Oh, here we go. Man, I love this music. It's just so classy, isn't it? It really fits the whole princess wave and all the characters and it's so magical. Like, it fits it so well. I love that the cast members were conducting the song there at the end. I love that like I love to see obviously cast members work here because you know for the most part because they enjoy it. I think you know obviously it's it's you know you need a job too, right? Like I think they they majority of them work here cuz they really love it. And I love when they like conduct the music or dance to it. Like you can just tell they genuinely love it here. So I don't think that part's going to help just cuz they're not close enough. But it looks good still. So I just definitely big hi to Leah or big hug to Liam. Yeah, I will for sure. >> Gia, thanks. I wish you were here, but I'm glad that uh David and Issa got a a fatherdaughter trip. That's so fun. >> Hi there. >> Hi. Enjoy it, Josh. New Cra is awesome. Thank you. >> Yeah. So, it it works. I don't think it's any better, but it definitely does work. Now, spring forward tonight. Move down here real quick. And you still you do still get the reflections. Uh, thanks for the windows. Thanks for another great low light evening at Magic Kingdom. Thank you, Jay. Yeah. So, you still can see me. Um, you'd need a polarizer to get rid of some of that, but it's really good still. And we do talk about Bruno. Indeed. Indeed we do. So anyway, it's a great night here at Magic Kingdom. So fun. And uh park's closed now. Everybody's leaving. It is It is crazy. They close at 10:00, but I guess they weren't expecting as big a crowds as as uh they weren't expecting as big a crowds as uh >> we've had recently. So spring break's coming. So spring break isn't coming. Do I see newsies? Uh, I like newsies. Yeah, I haven't seen it for a while, but I like it for sure. >> All right. So, anyway, it's a it's a great day. It's a great evening. Um, big thank you to everybody for being here tonight. We're going to send you over to the 24/7 channel, but uh definitely I'm going to have the ride stream up pretty soon. Uh, did I miss any sponsors? Oh, layer 1 technology if you want to. Um, it handles it handles that really well. Those are That's a tough thing for cameras. those mares because of the flashing lights. It's handling that really well. Got some wonderful photo of the parade. We did I love that it's coming down this way because like squirrel because um then you get pictures of the parade coming forward towards the castle. I think it's great that you can watch it either way. Um but anyway, that's super fun. So, what was I going to say? Oh, so um layer 1 technology. If you want to get some support for your small or mediumsiz business, some IT support specifically for small or mediumsiz business, definitely go check out layer 1 technology at support at layer1 technology.com. That's support layer technology.com. They do central Florida, of course. It's they're not they don't do out of state uh for the most part. So anyway, definitely go check them out. support at layer1 techchnology.com. Uh, and also we have uh Disney Demystified, which is an audio book on Amazon. Go check them out. Disney Demystified on Amazon. If you want to find out how all of the rides and and cool things were created in the Magic Kingdom, go check out Disney Demystified on Amazon. It is a great great great um it's a great book. It's a great audio book. It's very very good. So either way, super super cool stuff. So thanks for joining us, guys. What was I going to say? Um, so I'm trying to like stay out of the way, but it's hard. I think I got them all. Yeah. Big thanks to everybody. Um, and we'll see you on the 247. I'm so happy about this camera. So happy about the camera. >> Pandora looks better at night, so fall back is better. >> Yeah, you know, that is I mean there there is some truth to that for sure. And you don't get as many, somebody said the other night, you don't get as many Spaceship Earth shows, um, the Beacon shows, uh, because it gets, it stays lighter longer and they don't do it after closing. So hopefully hopefully they'll think about doing it after closing. Maybe just after the main crowd goes by. So anyway, thanks for joining me. Um, definitely subscribe if you're new and uh, follow us on all the things and we will see you on Tuesday. Jen will see you Monday. You guys are awesome. I'm going to go enjoy some cookies. >> So, uh, oh, we need to thank our platinum members and our Patreons. Thank you, Patreons. Thank you, platinum members. Thank you all members. Thank you, Michael, for and everybody for, uh, being so generous tonight. And, uh, we have our Resort Hopper Platinum. These are people that, um, that help us out and support us with $50 a month on YouTube membership. Thank you moppers for mopping and moderating. We appreciate it. We got our platinum members. Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Stephanie Mertz, Love, Go Manny, Dian 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer, and Mickey Crazy Grunup Live, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jayla Moxley, Cander Donnie, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James on, Ali, Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much, Platinums, and thank you to all of you for watching. And thank you all members. There we go. Oh, the selfie cam is nice. I hadn't really done I guess I did it once before, but it's got really nice color. Look at that. Wow. I think the selfie cam is actually really improved. Wow. Back up this photo, so I'm not exactly in these people's picture. Yeah, that actually is a nice looking selfie cam. How about that? Not that you need to see me, but that is pretty cool. I'm wearing a I'll do it tomorrow, sure, but I guess I I did it today. So, we're going to be seeing a lot of these S26 Ultras. I think it's it's proven to be a pretty good camera. So, all right, everybody. We'll see you on the 24/7. Thanks for watching. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. background. Yellow. I can't get anything there. Turn.
