---
video_id: jzYW3SE9xvw
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Huge Live Stream Weekend Announcement - 2-13-26 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-02-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzYW3SE9xvw
---
Happy Friday Night Live everybody. Hi, this is Josh with Resort TV1 and today we are super excited for our Friday Night Live stream. And tonight we are going to be enjoying Friday Night Live at the Epcot Festival of the Arts. It's going to be a lot of fun. We're going to start in a very unique place that we haven't been to for a long time. And uh we're going to show you around all of the art exhibits and just enjoy rides and fun and uh shopping, strolls, you name it. We're going to enjoy all those things around Epcot tonight and of course we'll have some special guests along with us which will be a lot of fun and uh we'll just have a relaxing evening tonight at Epcot. Of course, we'll end the night with the amazing luminous fireworks as we always do when we're at Epcot in the evening and uh we just can't wait for you to join us. So definitely join us tonight at 600 p.m. Eastern time for Friday Night Live at the Epcot Festival of the Arts with a special starting place and some special guests along the way. So definitely uh don't miss it. It's going to be a really really fun one tonight. Jenna will be with me and again a few other friends. So that'll be awesome. Uh also be sure to uh join me tomorrow for something really really special doing something I haven't done in a very very long time and that is tomorrow I'm going to be live all day at the Magic Kingdom. That's right, an all day live stream at the Magic Kingdom. Cannot wait to share the entire day with you at Magic Kingdom. It'll be a lot of fun. We'll start probably around 9:00 and then go all the way until the park closes. So, we'll have to do two different streams and all those things like we have done in the past, but it'll be a lot of fun. I'll have a special guest along with me and definitely it will be just an epic time at Magic Kingdom. So, we've got a lot of a lot of things planned for that as well. Of course, rides, parades, uh there should be three parades, I think, if I'm not mistaken. and if there are two star lights, uh, as well as happily ever after fireworks, lots of rides, shows, and just strolls around the park, and of course, some great food. So, that'll be a really, really fun day at Magic Kingdom. Of course, it is Valentine's Day. Um, and my wife and I always celebrate on a different day just cuz things are so busy on actual Valentine's Day, but either way, it's going to be a lot of fun. And so, if you are uh free for at least part of Valentine's Day, definitely come and join me for all day live at Magic Kingdom. It'll be a lot of fun. So, tonight at 6 PM Eastern time at the Epcot Festival of the Arts and then tomorrow all day at Magic Kingdom. It's going to be awesome. So, don't miss any of the fun. Can't wait to have all of you join us. Leave us a comment. Let us know what you think. Let us know what you want to see. Uh we'll definitely do more shows at Magic Kingdom. I know we've gotten a lot of requests for Tiki Room and Carousel of Progress and Country Bears. So, we'll try and do as many of those shows as we can since we'll be at Magic all day and we're just going to have an epic day. And then tonight at Epcot, again, it'll just be a lot of awesome relaxation and uh beautiful views and things like that. So, lots of fun coming your way. And of course, more videos to come on uh Sunday and Monday as well. So, don't miss a minute of the action and definitely make sure you're subscribed, hit the like button, all those things, and we'll see you tonight. Also, be sure to check out our sponsors, mickeyblog.com, mickeyras.com for the best and free Disney vacation planning advice. We've got also resort tv1homes.com if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida. David's DVC Rentals DVCrequest.com/tv if you want to find a DVC room for a fraction of the cost. That's davidsdvc rentals dvcre request.com/tv. Uh and we also have Behind the Ride on Amazon and Disney Demystified as well. So definitely check those out if you want to find out how all of your favorite rides were created at Walt Disney World. We've also got layer 1 technology for all your IT support needs. Just go to supportlayer onetone techchnology.com to check that out if you need it support for your small or medium-siz business and Dreamtable, an awesome app that helps you find the best reservations at all of the parks. Definitely go to the app store and search for Dreamtable. So that's all for now everybody. We'll see you tonight at 600 p.m. Eastern time at Epcot Festival of the Arts. All right, everybody. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
