---
video_id: W5vAhxQb1zs
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Tranquil Tuesday - Mardi Gras 2026 at Port Orleans French Quarter & Riverside - 2-17-26"
published: 2026-02-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5vAhxQb1zs
---
Heat. Heat. Well, hey everybody. It's Joshua through Resort TV1 and I am live here at Disney's Port Orleans Riverside Resort for some Martyra fun. Welcome in everybody. And as you may know, of course, the main celebration is over at French Quarter, but we wanted to start over here. Uh we just thought maybe the uh parking would be easier over here and that the uh food court might be a little less busy. So we started over here, had some dinner, and we're ready to go. But sorry I run a little bit late today. We had um Stephan Liam wanted to come, which was awesome. They don't usually get to come along and so we had to uh go home from school and get changed and get through the traffic and all the things. So, so anyway, so that is why we're a little late, but it's worth it because we get to have the whole family here. Well, not the whole family, but you know what I mean? Like the whole the whole Josh, Steph, and Liam family. >> Hi. >> Hi. >> It's Liam. >> Hi. >> How are you? >> Good. I'm a person. I found a new species. >> Who? The species is >> what? >> Gerald. >> Gerald. >> Gerald. It's a type of tree. >> Okay. Good to know. I love this little uh pathway here. So, Liam, look, the water comes through here, >> flows in there, and with the weight of the water, it pulls it back. I know from the Minecraft uh add-on, the create mod, it has all this stuff and you can like actually use like gadgets and stuff. It's really cool. >> So, every everything I need to know I learned from Minecraft, right? >> Yeah. >> You want to say hi, dear? >> Hello. >> She's a person, too. >> Yes. >> That's like your your musical you did. A person's a person, no matter how small, right? All right. So, beautiful, beautiful Riverside. Hey, there's David. David says, "Hi, Liam." Everybody's saying, "Hi, Liam." Happy Marty GR and happy Lunar New Year. I know. Um, >> I thought that was right. >> No, it's today. >> I know not everybody celebrates, but happy if you do celebrate Lunar New Year, happy year of the horse is what, um, we are starting now. Year of the horse. >> I was a sheep or a monkey. >> Yeah, I can't remember. Hey, Dan. I don't remember what what what you were or what even I am. >> That means I'm 100. Please correct me. >> 100 years old. >> You look pretty good. >> All right. >> Oh, they're playing. >> Yeah. >> So, here, while we're here, I'll take you on a quick tour of this little resort. >> I want >> It's a huge resort, actually. >> I uh it was at Golden Oak. I was with my friend. >> Yeah. And there was chess, but the pieces were as tall as a grown-up. >> Oh, like big like like life-siz chess pieces. How fun. >> Yeah. >> Here we go. >> Me and um my friend wanted to try. >> But um Yeah, it >> Yeah, it's very hard. >> Okay. Oh, that's what you're saying. >> Sheep. >> I meant what? >> Earth sheep. >> What? >> Oh, I don't know. I haven't gotten there yet. >> Yeah. Happy Lunar New Year, too. It is kind of interesting. I wonder if if Marty GR and Lunar New Year are off on the same time. Marty GR was like, are you a horse? Marty GR and um Marty GR was like March 5th last year or something. So, it's much much earlier this year. >> Well, it's >> You do realize it's based on the spring equinox, right? >> Yeah. Yeah. No, I knew it had something to do with the equinoxes and the moon and the calendars and all that stuff. The moons and the calendars and the planets and all the things. >> Mom's really good at moons. >> Okay, good job, dear. Good job. Well, let's walk through here real quick and then we'll we'll head down to uh I want to get to French Quarter before it gets too dark. >> Lunar New Year and Marty GR line up sometimes, but rarely. Yeah. So, that was interesting. That's an interesting thing. So, Fire monkey. >> The Riverside Mill >> is where we had dinner. It's a really cool place. >> I'm a fire monkey. >> Fire monkey. That sounds super cool. >> Entirely. >> See, doesn't this look like a great place to put the Liberty Bell? It wouldn't fit right here, but it would still be super cool. >> Yes. >> Like it would it wouldn't fit just because of where it's like >> because like we could move the dock over there and it would fit sideways. >> Yeah. They'd have to re redo the dock >> and they would have to add girly eyes >> just to show this area real quick and then we'll head over to the >> Martyra >> the French the French Quarter. How about this for a mashup? Did you get beignetes on Martyra? Nay nay on the horse. Yeah, J. Okay, there you go. I get it. I found a sign that says please um please um like sorry we basically what it says is sorry we had a visit from Jack first. >> Yeah, we were telling you about that, wasn't I? That's pretty cool. >> I saw one. >> Oh, there was another one you saw. >> Yeah. >> No one >> Oh, I didn't see it here. I saw one at Magic Kingdom. I was telling you about it the other day. Now you saw one. How cool. So guys, uh, Yu-Ha Bob of course doesn't play on Tuesdays, on Mondays or Tuesdays, but um, he actually plays right in there. When we walk by with Steph and him, I was like, it's the layer of Yeha Bob. It's where he does his does his performing. Oh yeah, there's a steamboat. >> Wait, what? >> Wait, is that the Liberty Bell? >> Did they? >> Uh, no. Sasigula, but it looks very similar. >> Did they Wait, so Huck, Finn, and Finn um like drove a river boat. >> They rode on river boats in the story. >> Yes. In in the story of Hook Finn, they worked on boats. >> Yeah. >> I don't want to go through here too much, but just giving you a quick overview >> cuz we we want to get over to the French Quarter before it gets dark. >> We can see the floats and stuff. We probably should actually head over there. >> Oh, that is a cool shirt. >> The shirt says most magical day ever. >> How fun. >> Yeah, I'm going to make him do the goodies. >> Sweet. >> Sweet. >> Okay, put him away. >> Oh, yeah. Robert, I hope you get Well, let's actually head over before it gets dark. It'll be more fun to see the We come back here. Sorry. I had a bad I had a bad plan. My my fault cuz I'm thinking like it'd be cool to see the parade floats when it's light outside. What do you see, Liam? >> No, he sees the Mickey Mouse. >> Oh. Oh, yeah. Cuz Jenna said it's like a phone holder with your with your >> Stanley type mug. >> Okay. >> Gia says, "Hi, Stephan. Liam." >> Hi, Gia. >> We Hi, Gia. >> The trash can cups. >> It's uh probably my favorite. >> All trash cans all the time. >> I'm sure that's appetizing. >> Of course it is. >> Oh. So, every time I come in here, I say they don't build these lobbies like this anymore. They're It's just so grand and amazing. >> And really quick, this one is even bigger. Like, just for the registration area, it's like enormous room. >> Isn't this where they the chocolate eggs? >> Uh, yeah. Oh, those giant fans are moving. >> Oh, >> not very fast, but they're moving. Wow. >> There's a TV. Yeah. All right, let's head over. I believe we go to the right once we go outside. >> Food and drink. >> Well, we were in the food and drink. >> A miss you guys too, David. Thanks. Thank you guys. Everybody saying hi to Steph and Liam. Hi to everybody. >> All right. >> So, are we taking a boat? Well, we can. There are two boats there. I don't know if we'll make it, but we can try. >> I'm not running. >> Okay. Well, no, I don't. We don't need to. >> Then run to the boat. >> Yeah. Well, then let's just walk. >> Uh, let's see. >> Whoa. This is a good place to have to order. >> I don't want. >> Maybe that's why Disney used this land. >> Where are the parks? The parks are not on that map. >> Oh, that's a bummer. >> Then we just have to go this way. >> Right after. >> Yep. I am sure that's the that's the island. >> Right after someone else said it, oh that's a bummer. >> That's a good That's a good point, Dave. Hopefully the team that remodeled the Allstars doesn't get their hands on that lobby. You're right. Really, really, really true. Yeah, they have this tendency to that. Whoever's doing the remodeling of the resorts has a they have a very um a very keen eye for the for the bland. >> It's only a 10-minute wait to Pirates of the Caribbean. Nice. Oh, you mean at Disneyland? >> Running trail. >> Yeah, but you don't have to run. >> I mean, you can. Nope. It's also a walking trail >> and the ladder trail. >> Ah. Did you find the bugs? >> I apparently did. >> She's swatting bugs. Hey, >> you're bugging me. >> Okay, >> I This is not smack Dad time. >> I know. >> So, this is the these are the these are the manners. >> It's a company called Homogenization, Inc. >> You're not a vlog. >> Will Resort TV Homes be putting out more vlogs and streams? The driving streams are always interesting and amusing. Yeah, >> I hope so. Seth's been working on other things. >> Well, it's high on my list and but I've got to the point where I need help uh traveling in the car. So, to do the filming, so that's going to require uh Oh, a Disney squirrel. Looks like a title. >> Have a good day. >> Um you're going to have to slow down. >> Okay. No, I'm hoping to put out more videos, but Josh Josh and I are going to have to have time to work together. >> And also, we are thinking of doing a STEM festival, but >> I know. Oh, we didn't make it. No, it was so busy this weekend. And then we there was a STEM festival, steam STEM, all the things, whatever. uh with uh for No, we just go straight um at the Orlando Science Center, but we didn't end up getting to go. >> Feeling relaxed after doing yoga. Nice. Hey, Noel. Hey, Anthony. >> Tomorrow you can build like with kids and it's really really fun in Denver and uh we're planning to go there again on the summer. >> Nice. that >> will you ever see him bring the stream to see Yeha Bob? Yes, I do need to do that. Uh I never I never get it on uh >> I never see him on Tuesdays. Of course, he doesn't play on Tuesdays and that's a lot of the days that I end up coming over here. So, >> what is rapidly >> pacing? >> Yep. >> So, >> we stayed over there. There's princess princess rooms over there in the manor. So, that was They're really neat areas over there. They >> those houses? >> Yeah, there's they're not really houses. They're uh they're groups of rooms. They're they're meant to look like a house, though. It's meant to look like a mansion, like a southern plantation. And uh they they have uh rooms that they remodeled that be kind of like princesses. So, those banners over there are representative of the princesses that are >> that are represented there in those resorts. Do the bats still live under the bridge? I don't know. Well, I guess we'll have to see. >> What bats? Bats. >> I don't know. We'll see. The bats in the belfry. >> Oh, let me turn the brightness down a little bit so you can see better the the colors in the sky. The colors in the sky. >> So, we're basically going to see bats. >> No, >> there's no guarantee. It's a little too early for them. Now that's one so it doesn't get wet. >> You can rub it. >> Yay. >> Not now. >> It'll be all right. Hey Tracy, >> Jack Frost could have been a little frostier over here. >> Yeah. Although I heard it's supposed to get cold again down >> Really? >> Yeah. We're supposed to have another freeze next Tuesday. >> Really? >> Yeah. >> Boy, that's uh that's going to be upsetting to all the people who work so hard to put all the Flower and Garden Festival stuff. >> A couple did. Not as bad here. It really hit hard Magic Kingdom. >> But the they put out all the Flower and Garden stuff already cuz I think they would assume that >> no more freezes, but we'll see. It probably won't be a hard freeze though. Uh, it said the low was going to be 38. Feels like 32. >> Oh, happy happy Martyra, my friends. Yes. Joyo. Is that how you say it? Joyo. I don't know how to say the French. I'm sorry. >> Joy. >> Cajun. Joy. >> J O E U X. >> Yeah, that. >> Yeah. So, that's why I'm here. >> Okay. >> Cuz you butchered it last year. >> Hey, >> just saying. >> Mean. >> They don't know that you did it too much better. 4 and 1/2 years. >> Four and a half years. How did you take four and a half years in high school? >> I didn't. >> Did you go to high school for four and a half years? >> Oh, no. I took a half a semester in seventh grade. >> Okay. I'm just kidding. >> And then I took a half a semester in college. So, technically fine. >> All right. >> Pronunciation and grammar. I'm really good at remembering vocabulary. Let's go. I'm really So in class we're learning about Hey, so Paul >> and how to turn fractions, mixed fractions into um decimals. >> That's cool. >> The answer to your question is yes. >> I don't really not a big fan. Can we go up and over? >> Uh I wouldn't recommend it. Just take a deep breath and go. This is tricky. Can I run through? >> Yeah. See >> that? Those are bats. >> We made it. Yeah, Jenna went up and over last time. >> I didn't even see any. I just heard them. All right, we can slow down now. >> I never saw one. I just heard them. They must be kind of under the eaves or something. >> Okay, now the water is really >> um but yeah, here's how you um So, let's say you have 10 hundreds. >> 10 hundreds. >> You would put a zero, then you put a decimal point up here in um then you would just put 10. >> So, you write it How you say? >> Hi Josh. We're enjoying some raspberry vazakis on this fat Tuesday. Nice. I'm sure I said that wrong too. Hey Terry. Hey Tony. Sandy. Hello. >> And also >> I speak French as well. French bread. French fries. Yeah. Sorry I'm not able to read as much uh as much chat guys. We have a lot of lot of commentators. Yes. French flies. That's right. We have a lot a lot of extra commentary on the stream. >> Also um >> probably be able to cover the flowers. Yeah. three and uh three and two 12ths. You will put a three the decimal point and no wait. So, okay. >> Yeah. Math math with Liam over here. >> If you did three and 10 hunds, it you will put three and then decimal point and then um the 10. >> Okay, that's it. >> Good job, buddy. Oh, >> they basically skipped the ones place um because it's basically a mirror. >> Punchky. Is that how it's pronounced? Okay. Yep. That's right, buddy. >> Oh, we're lagging. >> Punchki. >> I don't know. One of the desserts or something. >> So, I don't What is this? >> This is the outskirts of the French Quarter. >> We're not there yet. We're not there yet. Okay. How do you say French? Quarter in French. >> Well, it would be Mar said, "I thought it was no math Tuesday." >> Quarter of France. >> So, you can actually go through that way or you can go around >> uh probably this way. I No, they're both about the same >> gates. >> They're both about the same. >> Look, it's a chest piece. A living chest piece. >> It is. >> Why do they have those? >> Um, yeah. Liam, you tell us. Why do you think they have those? >> Um, >> Steph, Jos, and Liam >> in uh Magic or at Magic Kingdom. Um, they have uh right here. >> But why are they there? >> That's right. >> And why? >> Uh so people can grab onto the rings and climb on it. >> Ruda. >> Rudga. >> No, it's to tie horses. Liam. >> Uh >> that's why the heads of them are shaped like horses. >> Mhm. >> So they used to have hitching post. They call them hitching posts because you could hit your horse if you were riding into town. You hitch your horse so that it doesn't walk away while you're in town doing your business and then you finish >> well buying things at the store, getting mail, seeing your friends, getting, you know, who knows, whyever you were in town. And uh then when you're ready to go back home, your horse is there waiting. I love the frog the frog fountain over there. Liam, I want to go see >> go see it. You like fountains? Yeah. Last time they were here. Guess we should teach Liam binary. Yeah. >> Good frog. >> Absolutely nothing. >> Good frog. You hear him? He said sit, stay, do absolutely nothing. Good frog. Well, technically he is spitting water, so he's doing something. But yeah, Liam looked at the frog and said, "Sit. Stay. Do absolutely nothing." Good frog. >> All right. Onward. >> We've been practicing. >> So, you guys were you guys were watching last year and you decided that you would like to come and see this because we kind of happened on to it. I think two years in a row I somehow I happened on to it, didn't I? It wasn't just last year. You said last year was the first year that you >> was last year the first year. >> So he has to golf. >> So I put it in my calendar for the next 40 years. >> Okay. >> Figure by that point we'll either be >> over it or we'll be on to the next YouTube. >> Okay. The next YouTube. Yeah. >> The one that's directly implanted in our brains. >> Hey, you know, >> Stranger Things have happened. >> Stranger Things. >> That's the point. >> I know. >> I don't like Stranger Things. >> Well, no. It's a little little scary for for young people. >> Most of my friends watch it, but really >> you don't have to. Some some kids really like that kind of stuff. >> Flower thing. >> I know the flower thing. I don't know the names of anything. >> Oh, I found my street. >> No, it must have been last year, Dave. Yeah. >> Ruda. >> No. >> Cafe out late. I think Steph wants to come to Beacon Barrel with us next time and watch us get silly after a pirate punch. Beacon Barrel. >> Yeah, Beacon Barrel. >> No good to drink alcohol. So, I will be your designated driver. >> There you go. Well, you don't have to cuz you're in Magic Kingdom, so you have to you have to walk really far to get out anyway. >> What's Beacon Bar? >> It's the It's a It's a bar and lounge right by Pirates of the Caribbean. That's really cool. No, Yeha Bob does not perform on uh Yeha Bob doesn't perform on uh Monday and Tuesday is what I'm trying to say. Hey, Princess Kristen. >> Hey, Liam. Come on down here. Let's go see these floats. So, one of the things they do is they have a parade every um every Martyra and they do a golf cart parade and it goes it goes way down the street and it Yeah. Hi. >> There will be no screaming unless you have proper ID. Oh, what kind of ID do I have? >> You have to have beach. Ah, >> thank you. >> Oh my gosh, look at this. Oh my gosh. >> Oh, thank you. >> That is really nice. Look at that. It has our name on it. >> 3D printed. >> That's wonderful. >> How fun. I love it. Thank you. >> Of course, one beach, another >> I'm Daryl, by the way. >> Yes. Nice to see you. We saw him last year. He emailed me. Yeah, I couldn't I couldn't get the day off to come to the parade, but at least we got to come check it out at night. >> Oh, there we go. All right. Yeah, I get some. >> Since you were here last year. >> Oh, >> you get one of the last years. >> Oh. >> Oh, cool. >> Okay. I didn't think to print them until this year, but that's >> Yeah, >> that's fun. >> Well, thank you. >> There's a little something in there for you. >> What do you say? >> I would wait till I got home to play with it. >> Okay, we can do that. We got backpacks. And I don't know if y'all have any babies. You in the kingake, but you do. >> A thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thanks. No one want to know. >> Did you want Did you want to um say hi on the stream? >> This is I'm not being pretty. >> Wow. Hey, you're dressed very nicely. >> Very very Marty GR dapper. >> Best around this way. >> There you go. Marty Gro Dapper. This is Daryl. >> Um and you you're from around here? >> No, actually from Fort W. >> Oh, okay. Okay. You come down for the Marty Gro. >> We had so much fun last year. We're excited to come this year. >> Yeah. >> Um they had a parade today. It was great. Some of the the winning parade uh the folks are up there. Good. >> They had kids activities out here on the green. Yeah. >> Some obstacle courses and >> other games. They've been decorating parasols and mosaic tile building and >> Wow. >> All kinds of fun. How fun. >> Now the DJ's going. >> Yeah. >> And uh >> I got you. Thank you. >> Tiana's over there giving photos. >> Nice. >> Maybe the alligator will be there. That was last year. I don't. >> Yeah. Well, and then the other thing is, of course, I see the line already. We got to get our beignet, but we'll get in our lot. We'll have to get in line for that. >> They are good. >> They're worth it. >> They're worth >> And she's gluten-free, but they do have the gluten-free ones, which are really good, she said. >> That's the bribe. That's why. >> Thank you, Darl, for that. That was very thoughtful. Now I have something to remember the occasion. >> That's super cool. >> Enjoy your >> Thank you. >> Franful Tuesday stressfree stroll cuz I couldn't get the right words. >> No, you're totally fine. Hey, it's the same idea. Thank you so much. >> We appreciate that though very much. And you guys you guys have a good rest of your evening and we'll probably see you around. >> You were late because of dinner. Now my food's on the table. Get to it. >> All right. Enjoy your dinner. >> Good to meet you. >> Yes. >> So you see that? >> Yes. >> Why is there stuff skirt? >> Um it's it's like designs. >> Oh, that's a design. Um, the design is uh >> it's like uh >> just to I don't know, just to make it look fancy. >> It looks like there's like a floor behind it. >> No, I don't know. But I know the five is the number of the building so people can find what building they're staying in. >> Let's see. >> Hey, Bryce. All right. So, here we have some of the winning floats up here. I already see them. >> Wow. >> Oh, wow. Here's these died. Wow, look at this. >> Wait, didn't you say we're not allowed to like stream? >> No, >> no touching, Liam. >> So, they they made these out of golf carts. >> So, here this is this is the Jack Frost sign, by the way. >> Oh, yeah. Okay. >> Oh, these are great. >> Yeah, let's let's go around. >> Sure. >> Yeah, I saw some people stream the parade. That's cool. >> I knew I wasn't going to make it, but that's okay. I I uh needed to be with my students. This is Alice in Wonderland. >> Oh yeah, Grey Rose Adventures. Thank you so much for becoming a platinum member. Thank you so much, Grey Rose. You guys are the best. Thank you guys. Sorry, I was talking to our hopper friend. I didn't get a chance to read that, but thank you so much Grey Rose Adventures for being a platinum member. This is so cool. Look at this. >> Good luck. Trying to get thumbnails for next year. I didn't have a very good thumbnail for this year. >> I'll get more. >> You're just staring at mushrooms. You might get people dizzy. >> Yeah. Sorry. >> Dad, get a thumbnail. Uh, Jilly Mermaid >> 11 months of reser bronze. Thank you so much, Josh. And happy Marty GR everyone. Yes. Thank you so much, Jilly. Look at that. That is so cool. >> Wow. >> So detailed. Here, let me turn on the flash so you can see a little better. Look at that. >> Wow. >> That's an interesting sugar pie honey bunch version. Wow. Oh, that's a good shot right there. Let's see. Aha, that's the one. >> Although, unfortunately, it's kind of >> dark on the sign, but that's fine. Everyone else flip those numbers over. Put them on the ground and party. Oh, you're coming around the back of Wonderland. >> There we go. >> I love that. Oh, look. >> Giant. This is giant. Giant Alice. She's stuck in the house. >> Yeah. I don't think he's ever seen the movie. >> And I have seen the movie. >> Oh, you have? Okay. >> Very cool. >> This is made by >> Wow. >> It was made by merchandise. >> Oh, cool. >> Oh, yeah. to walk through this >> but it's still >> merchandise. There you go. >> Drive from Ontario, Canada to Georgia. We'll be at Disney tomorrow. Nice. What do you mean? >> There is Neverland. >> So, I was trying to find is this skull rock >> maybe. >> Yeah, I think so. >> That's pretty cool. >> This is just unreal. >> Look at that. Which way is >> winner? Come on back around the table. >> I don't know. Is that maybe in the front? It said it. >> It's crazy. the French Quarter Housekeeping. >> Okay, we've also got Maleficent over here. We got to go around the corner. >> Yeah, let's go see that. >> Man, >> don't touch the shoe. >> I got attacked by hand. >> Oh, >> did you get to see Jenny's Universal parade? There was a dancer that looked like Liam's older brother. That's fun. >> Oh, I have an older brother. >> Nope. Hi, my name is Jacob. I'm one of the recreation managers. >> These are fun. >> Just finished our parades here in New Orleans. Oh, that's fun. >> I hope everybody had a great Marty Gro there in New Orleans. I know it's just getting started, but like the parades and stuff were fun. >> All right, we have >> Oh, that was good. That was good. the hell hands. Is it the three that fluffy? >> Cberus. Cberus. Yeah. >> Winner. >> Drop that dot right on the ground and come on back and claim your cupcake. Everyone else. >> All right. >> Wow. That's crazy. >> A bun. Yeah. Wow. It's the boatman. Oh, yeah. It's the Steph. It's the It's the the boatman. >> The one who takes you to the other side. >> You sure he's not coming? >> Come on down. Leave that. >> The underworld float from Hercules. Yep. >> In the middle of Hercules. Come on down and >> Olympus. And then those are the Those are the lost souls, I think. >> Uhhuh. What are they lost? Here. Keep going. Keep going. >> So cool. >> Wow. Got music, too. >> Yeah, I like Cberus. I wouldn't like him if I came up against him, but yeah. Uh, that's a lot of teeth. >> No touching. >> I know. I didn't touch. I'm not touching. All right. >> All right, everyone hold up your circle Lion King style >> if you're holding number >> number six. Thank you. >> 36. Number 36. >> All right, bud. >> Come on around towards the Alice in Wonderland. >> Wow, the line for is not as bad as I thought it would be. Okay, >> I'm going to show the the outside. You go um go with mom in line and then I'll be right there. >> Such a cool party here. The winner was the flu. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. They went all out. So, congrats to the uh housekeeping and custodial teams. What a what a great great creation that they did. So that's always there. But yeah. >> All right. And they have every all this. >> The fairy man. Thank you. I was thinking the boat man, but yes, I that makes more sense. >> Do you want to do crafts? >> So we can do crafts and things. >> Let me ask how long the crafts are going. See? Okay. >> Sorry. >> No, you're fine. >> I have a question for you. Do >> you know how long the crafts are going for? Is there like a a certain closing time for that or >> Oh, okay. >> All in 10. >> Okay, perfect. Guys, we were going to go get beignet and I didn't want to miss it if it ends like at 7 or something. >> Okay, perfect. Thank you. >> Bye. Happy Marty GR. >> Happy Marty GR. Yeah. Happy Lunar New Year. Happy Marty girl. >> Okay. >> Um, the crafts go till 10:00. So, I was asking about how long the arts and crafts go to 10 over there. >> Oh, the Marty Gard crafts. So, um, yeah. So, uh, there's the main table's there. So here, I'll meet you inside. Go ahead. >> I mean, I just want a couple regular here. I'll meet you in there. >> I know what you want. >> I know. All right. >> I'm Yeah, I'll probably just do water, I guess. >> I won't give up. No, I won't give in till I reach the end. We got to start the song. >> Today's Luna New Year. Marty Gro, my wife's birthday. Not sure what to celebrate. Um I think your wife's birthday has to come first. Just saying. >> Thank you, Grey Rose. And thank you again for being a platinum member again. I know you had been before and we just we really appreciate it. It's never never expected, but always appreciated. I don't know why I got like just Spice Girls in my head. Tell you what I want. what I really really want like just immediately in my head and I don't know why. How's Jenna? Uh Jenna's great. Um she has she has Wi-Fi so we texted back and forth a little bit. Um yeah, she's doing well. So here are here's the uh the food court. The float works I think it's called. makes sense because you know parade floats. This is really neat. I'm I'm really glad they do this here. Um it's one of those extra things they would not have to do. They could, you know, they could do a lot less and they they don't. So, I'm glad that they do. Yeah. The line's not bad at all. Hi, how are you? >> It is moving fast. >> Yeah. No, I saw it. It was like there's there were like five people in line. My wife and son got in line 3 minutes ago and we're already inside. So, no, you're you guys are doing great. Yeah, >> super fast. >> I was expecting a feeling. >> Yeah, last year it was around the corner. >> That's what says. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Last year. No. Well, still wasn't bad though. Even around the corner, I stood in it for 20 minutes. So, it wasn't as bad as it could have been. I >> feel like I've stayed in it in a longer line on a >> definitely at the park. >> Tuesday, but on a, you know, any other day. >> Oh, yeah. Let's go ride Tron. >> We got the Scat Cats Lounge. Oh, yeah. Jenna is not Jenna and Dale aren't going to do any Oh, sorry. You were asking about tomorrow. No, Jenn and Dale, I don't think are going to do any streams right now. Uh, tomorrow they're probably going to be in a place where they won't be able to have service cuz they're going to be, you know, they're going to like different countries. So, I don't know what the what the data plan, you know, u what the data plan situation is like there. So, we just have to uh just have to see them when they get back. So, here is the Scat Cats Club. It's a really cool place. Just a really nice place to hang out. Highly recommended. I I would assume there's a band tonight, but I don't know. Named after Scat Cat from Aristocrats. Yes, for sure. But look at the way it's built, too. Again, the detail on these older places, like it's really pretty incredible. Like they even built this little outdoor seating area, which is so cool. Yeah. So, there you go. >> Oh, yeah. They are there. There's a band here. That's fun. Sorry. You're good. >> Yeah, David. It's a cool hang for sure. >> It's just a neat a neat place. We had a lot of fun. We were I was glad we got to uh come with you guys. didn't get to this time, but we you guys weren't able to to be here as long as it was a quick trip. But next time for sure, we'll come back. We did get to take him to um Splitzville, which was fun. Um right after uh Issa's their daughter's performance at Disney Springs. So, they did a great job. Their uh choir that she's in did a great job and and uh was fun to go watch. band plays at 7:30. Okay, cool. I thought I saw one of the uh band members getting set up there, so I wasn't sure if they started at 7:00 or 7:30, but super cool. Yes, you did great with all the activities for sure. Like there wasn't you guys were here for a very limited amount of time and honestly the amount of things you got done was honestly pretty incredible. So, so yeah, you uh you did quite well. All right. So, here is main check-in area. Again, everything's just so nice in these resorts. You can tell they're moderate. Like, they're not, you know, they're a little bit more detailed than the uh value resorts. I will say that the redecorating team did a pretty good job in Grand Fian. I know a lot of people don't like having the bar downstairs. Hi. >> Oh, thank you. You guys have fun. >> So, yeah. Uh, so I parked I think they were allowing people to park here, but we knew it would be busy, so we just went to Riverside and we just told them we were going to go do the food court and do Marty GR and they were like, "Cool, have a great time." Yeah. So, they had no no issue with people parking. these these parking lots are big and there's also no connection directly to the parks from here. So, it's like one of those things where they're not as concerned about um people parking here. So, >> yeah, today for sure. >> Wait, is there an actual band outside? No, that's just the background music. >> I mean, if you're doing something, you got to share that hat. >> That's a great That's a great hat. >> He came prepared. Understood the assignment. What a great outfit. I love how people like dressed up special. Like, you know, not just him, but several others had dressed up special for the occasion. I've never been to New Orleans for Marty GR. I know it's a much wilder time than this, but still, this is very cool. Family-friendly Marty GR Riverside. No. Uh, this is at French Quarter. There's not We were just at Riverside. It's pretty chill over there. Not very much going on there. Um, but so most of the party is here. And so everybody from French Quarter or sorry, everybody from Riverside comes over here uh as well. So that's that's uh understandable. I just got to put that where Steph and Liam ended up if they got their food and find out where we can sit. That might be the challenging part. Let's see if they got out with the food yet. >> Happy Marty GR. Yes. Want to say hi? You guys are doing a great job. >> You guys, you got the stuff. Okay, cool. >> The signing finding a uh table. Oh, there's one right there. I don't have to sit. You guys sit. >> You guys, you and Liam, sit. I'll I'll I'll stand unless we find a chair. It'll be fine. Here, you sit. Perfect. Now we can kind of point out to the fountain there. Let me grab my >> This doesn't have a >> It does. >> Guess what? Also I learned >> What did you learn, buddy? >> Well, um we're making the like a graphs. >> Oh, what kind of graph? >> Uh graphs. I can't remember if they're gamma graphs or graphs. someone who knows a lot about artic. >> Yeah, it's >> that's cool. I mean, I believe you. I just I never heard of that. >> It's the last name of someone >> who made the thing where >> you make a picture. You make another picture >> and you put them up into multiple. >> Sorry. >> You know what I didn't get? >> What? What? Dear >> I'll get some after some of the food court. our friends right here. >> Yep. Well, show them. Let's show them the beignets real quick. Go ahead and open them up. >> We're going to need napkins. >> We will. >> They want to see the merchandise here. >> I really want beet right now. Yeah, I know. >> These are the gluten-free ones. They are not Mickey shapes. Here, >> hold on. Let me zoom. >> Yep. All of them are. Did you have >> Oh, someone went on a trip. That sounds awesome. >> Oh boy. Wait, we got to shake these up a little bit. They didn't get enough powdered sugar on them. >> But what I was talking about is make two pictures and um then with both pictures you cut them up into multiple pieces. Get a piece of paper. Another piece of paper. >> You're going to fall off your chair. There you go. >> Fold the paper and glue each piece. So like one from uh your first um piece of like your first paper and one from your second. So it's basically combo. So it's one two one two one two. Um, Mom, can you can you >> Yes, that's what I'm doing. I'm googling it so you guys can see what he's talking about. >> Sorry. >> How do you spell it? >> Uh, a G. O. going on ninja hug. >> That's crazy. >> That's great. Dad snacker. >> I don't know what that is. >> Yeah. >> All right. Here are some napkins, friends. I'm going to take a restroom break. Did you get Well, did you get a nice resort TV one? Yeah. I know how to use a three. I don't have one, though. >> Here. There's yours. >> Oh, no. I have one in my pocket. >> One like this? >> Yes. >> Oh, okay. He gave me an extra one. >> That was nice. >> Thank you. >> Oh, here. Well, Jenna can have one right there. >> Yeah. >> Uh, just so you know, the beignet were too hot to touch. >> This is They were piping hot. >> Eat them up here. >> This is what Yeah. >> Our friend Daryl made for us. >> That cool. >> Everybody got one. So, this one will be for Jenna. >> Fried bread. >> Well, look at the bokeh. That means that one thing's in focus and everything else is blurry. You see everything around is blurry. Liam >> called bokeh. And then >> I use it. >> All right. So, allow me if you get dizzy. >> Oh, there's good. >> How are you? Good. >> Blurry. >> Very good. Not blurry. >> Blurry. Not blurry. >> Come here. >> You want to have a seat? Here. I'll help you. There you go. You got stuff. Perfect. I'll be right back. >> Very nice. Oh, hi. >> I know you, Rob Buzz. You gave me something on Animal Crossing like and your Mario World is super sweet. >> I know that. >> Hi, Liam. Thanks for reading my comment, please. >> Uh, you're welcome. Hello. I beignet. >> So, just so you can see it. It's sort of like a doughnut, but it's denser and fluffier all at the same time. And they have chocolate, caramel, >> and probably a raspberry or strawberry sauce too with it. >> Oh, bad. >> Oh, okay. That Wait, so work. Oh, okay. A pillow of love. Hey there, Liam. Thanks for hanging out with us on Sunday. No problem. I miss animal. Did you delete it? Third TV one. Is that the glutenfree ones? How do you like them? I want to go fry them. >> I actually like them better than the ones with the gluten. I just feel jipped that they're not Mickey shape. >> Hi, fam. Uh, hol circle a art studios. I just haven't played Animal Crossing in Oh, that makes sense. Yeah, I've been playing it a while. Hey everyone, is that the Yes, I'm done. What was your favorite thing to do at Disney? I'm not really sure what my favorite thing to do at Disney is. >> What? >> I'm not really sure what my favorite thing to do at Disney is. >> Well, to be fair, you haven't tried everything at Disney. If you were, come on. If you were at uh Burger King and onion rings, who would you answer? >> How we doing? >> You talking to everybody? >> How did you like the snow? >> Oh, yeah. How did >> Yeah, this is awesome. >> Can you guys hear Liam? Okay, I know it's loud in here. >> It's super loud in here, guys. Sorry. >> Let me just do that. >> Thumb to four. talk a little louder, but probably >> I wish I was playing the Disney Minecraft server. Oh yeah, we're playing on Gang Java Edition. They have really cool stuff. There are a lot of glitches that I used to my advantage to make cool builds. Yep, that's me. >> You can hear them. Okay, good. And Jenna's got a softer voice, too. And sometimes it doesn't hear her when she's sitting too far away. >> Hello. >> Okay, Liam, before you have a bite of dad's, would you like a bite of this? >> Yeah. You want to try mine's? But you got to try hers first. >> Uh-huh. >> That's not ours. I know these. >> Okay. >> What? >> Don't touch it. Yeah, that's true. I don't really like candy dipping sauce. >> Oh, yeah. They are really good. I've had them out of the out of the bag now. >> I did. >> Oh, good. Oh. Oh, it's a little airy. Nice. >> Yeah. Fluffy and dense all at the same time. I don't know how they do it. >> Just like me. >> Oh. Um. >> Fluffy and dense. >> And fluffy and dense. You got the dense part. >> All right. Here, let me get you some paper towel >> or napkins. Yeah. All right. Here. >> Much better. The better or the pizza? Let's go. >> Hold on. But we got to show the beignet now that we got them properly shaken. >> It's not quite uh fair for me to choose one or the other because I've uh had beignetes less. So I don't really saw Ben's split smell pizza. So it's not really >> There you go, Liam. >> Competition. >> All right. You were doing the angel singing. Oh, you do it way better than me. >> Look at that. >> You got to stare off into space while you do it. I don't know why, but it helps. >> Which way? Show me. >> Looking good, guys. HD beignet. Hey, Rob. HD. >> Yeah. Hide high definition. >> Why is that >> here? Scoot back just a little. >> There we go. Look at that. >> Can you show them the gamma or a gamma grass? >> I couldn't find a picture. >> Okay. Well, enjoy the beignet, friend. I get mine, too. >> I'll have to send a picture. Maybe if my art teacher lets me eat the ears first. I know, right? I have mine with syrup. Those are the best. Yes. >> I mean, I feel like I feel like it's not um legal to come here and not get the beignet on Marty. Like, it's an absolute requirement. >> So, yeah. I feel like they don't let you leave if you don't get them. Oh, okay. Liam, >> careful, bud. It's okay. >> Sorry, friends. What are you doing? Oh, you already did it. But they already saw it. >> I know. I want them to fit or try to eat it. >> Oh, okay. Well, then >> that's fine, but let's just put the powdered sugar down. >> I don't want you to I don't want you to drop your donut on the floor there or donut. Oh my gosh. Well, the beignet is not the donut. I want you to drop your beignet on the floor. >> Fired. >> Sorry. I'm fired. I know. Sorry. >> If we haven't tried both, which one was better? >> Well, he hasn't tried the uh the regular one. So, go ahead. You're fine now. >> Warm. >> They're warm, but they're not hot. Perfect. >> So, as a person who tried both, which do you like better? >> That one. >> No, you just had a bite of that one. I mean, very a Thanks, Greg. Thank you. >> Here, I will even give you my favorite bite. >> Go ahead and eat it. >> I can't tell a difference. >> Oh, that's a good compliment from you cuz you're picky. >> That means he can't tell the difference. >> I'm not sure if it's good or bad. >> No. So, you're saying that both bees were good, right? Mom's and and the regular >> saying like the toast are sad, but they're also >> They're also what? >> No. >> Okay. They're both good. All right. >> Okay. Well, that's good. Can you eat it up? >> Yes, exactly. Take a tail on. These are great. >> Yeah, he's one of our people. You should see the size of the beignet on my TV. You guys are larger than life. I love it. You must have a big TV. Can you imagine somebody with a 100 inch TV and the beignet on that? The beignet would be like >> the one from Barney Simpson. >> Yeah. Like 50 or 60 in. >> Yes. >> What's that? >> You want a picture? >> Oh, sure. >> Sure. Yeah. >> Have a wonderful >> Thank you. >> Thanks. Nice to meet you. >> Hello. You guys look great. >> Take another bite. >> How good is it? >> I'm pretty much wearing mine right now, but I don't care. It's worth it. >> You literally are. >> I think the only part of your face that doesn't have any powdered sugar on it is your forehead. I give you a minute. >> It's worth it. >> As long as it doesn't get in your nose. I'm not physically concerned. You're not physically concerned unless dad's breathing it out. >> Yes. >> Yeah. David, the hot dog at Casey's was good, especially after a long fun day. >> I can't tell who's who. >> Um, >> it's harder to read the names, buddy. YouTube made it real hard to read the names. They took out all the spaces. They made them all like candles. Used to be you could do channel names and then people kept put spaces in it. So, my favorite one was um do you hear this one? There's a lady named Teresa Veester in the chat and some numbers after her name. And I said, it's all one word. I just read it the wrong way. I said the rea. And Steph and and Jenna goes, >> I think that's Teresa. I said, yeah, that makes a lot more sense. >> Sorry to Teresa. I don't know which like >> it wasn't her fault. I just to I just totally read it wrong. >> Tony I usually do some Tony Matona's don't know that word quotes when I have powder sugar all over my clothes. Well, >> David, I'm not I know Tony Montana. I'm not quite catching the reference. >> I'm a little um a little slow on that one though. >> Three, two, one. put out. >> Oh, apparently I'm not as neat as I would like to be. >> No, my jacket. >> All right, it'll come It'll come out later. >> Don't worry. >> If you guys don't know, I'm having sex with jackets. I I wear them. I wear five just just living in 78. I don't know why. Ah, you think I'm going to die? >> Oh, no. It's >> all right. Just Just eat. >> That's all right. We'll finish off. >> Don't worry about it right now. You're gonna get more fruit. I got it on me, too. Okay. Just eat your beignet and then we'll clean you off. Okay. >> Don't worry about it. It's part of the experience. >> If nothing else, your jacket will wash. >> Just have a Just have fun. >> Slip your jacket. >> I don't know about that. >> I know. Might get some buzz. that I see. >> Yum. >> Okay. Who else needs a napkin? We're going to wait and show the aftermath of the table. >> Maybe. >> I hope not. >> Okay. The question is, >> we save this one for later. >> Oh, Liam and I already made a decision. >> What? >> We do beignet arts and crafts. Beignet arts and crafts. >> I like that idea. So, there's no need to save it cuz we're going to get some to take off. >> No, no, I'll put it in my bag. There's no It's illegal to throw away. >> Well, I would hate for you to throw it away and then eat it. >> I know. Well, that'd be worse. >> Put it under a trash and try to eat it. >> Yeah. I mean, I guess we could always leave it out for the bath. >> No. >> Liam, don't worry. It'll come off your jacket. >> Yeah, it will. That's part of the fun. I hope so. >> Did you tell them about my gluten binge? This is one of our first stops. >> Yep. Here you go, guys. There's the aftermath. >> You don't see anything? >> And all over my leg. Oh well. Wearing it. >> Jacket. >> Your jacket's not that bad, bud. That'll come right off. >> Why is it like gooey? Oh, that's cool. >> What do you mean? Why is that, >> John? That's super cool. >> Oh, >> save the beignet. Save the clock tower. Wait, that's a whole different thing. >> Is that eat that part? >> All right, I'm going to put this down for a second. >> Oh, so >> Oh, >> this is how they handed it to me. >> Glutenree sticker. >> It has a gluten-free sticker on it, and they made sure that there's, you know, no other allergens in it or they can check for >> enjoy them. That looks like some good beignets. And they handed this directly to me, the one with the allergy, and handed the other one to them so that we don't get them. >> No, they they have good allergy protocol, don't they? >> Yes, they do. >> Yeah. That's like what with with meals, if you order a meal with an allergy stipulation, um they will uh they put it on a purple tray so it looks different than the brown ones. So then you know, they know the people who are preparing it know that that tray has food for and a person with allergies, you have to um be careful with it. No contaminants. Anyway, good stuff. All right, so we're going to go do some crafts once uh Liam gets a chance to finish his beignet. So, >> go ahead. Finish it out. You're all good. There's an extra one. You and I can split the last one. >> The ears are the best part. >> The ears are the best part. All right, I'm going to go wash my hands so that I can grab >> a bag of cookies. >> You can take Liam to wash yours here in a few minutes. >> What? >> You need a bag of cookies. >> Oh, mom likes the Minnie Mouse cookies. That's >> Yeah, I do. But if we're here, beignet Trump Minnie Mouse cookies. >> No, >> but I wouldn't mind checking out the store. >> I'm happy to King. I'm not sure what that is, but good for you. >> Good evening. Hi. Someone says hi to you. You can always put in zip locks and up north. I'm trying to tell dad that if I remember it. >> Hey guys, how does a computer laugh? Key pee guys get you know that keys on a computer like keys. And also I have another job. So there's a computer, right? And there are two germs on it. >> One says the first one. >> So, how's it working in the keyboard? We did good. >> I'm putting in a lot of my ships. Get it? Because our ships on keyboard keyboard. >> Are you telling your computer jokes? >> Good job, buddy. >> David said you can always um zip up. >> Yeah, we could. >> They said dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. I'm going to take this. >> Disney Springs needs a Skywalker, right? >> I thought we necessary. >> No, here you go. >> Thank you. >> We can go do some crafts after you wash his hands and then we'll uh we can shop and whatever else. I think people we didn't do crafts last year, so I think people would love to see the crafts. >> I think that'd be super fun. I'm going to save it. No. >> Um, no. It's okay. That's not enough to save. >> Okay. >> Just see the other ear and then we can talk. >> There you go. >> All right. I'm going to walk him around a little bit while he gets washed up and I'll meet you guys outside for crafts. >> We do that. >> Oh, the bathroom is uh right there. >> So, as much as you visit here, you don't do the >> I don't do the Disney point. Sorry. >> You sure you don't want that? >> I'm good. Yeah, just right here. >> And where's the store? >> I'm arts and crafts. >> Arts and crafts. Good job, buddy. Thumbs up. All right. Yeah, there you go, David. More computer jokes. What did the hungry computer say to the other other computer? I guess the other computer wasn't hungry. I really need a bite. Yeah, not a bit. A bit. A bit wouldn't be enough. A bite is what I need. Bits and bites. I was telling Liam about this earlier. A lot of people don't know or don't know this, but yeah, people kind of use the term megabit and megabyte uh interchangeably. They're actually not the same thing. There are eight bytes. Sorry, I say it again. There are eight bits in a bite. So, a megabyte is eight times as much as a megabit. So, when you say your internet is, let me do some math here. If my my internet is 1,00 megabits per second or 1 gigabit. So 1,00 megabits per second >> divided by 8 is 125 megabytes per second. So So if anybody ever says they have the uh say your internet is 100 megabits, people say 100 megabyte. That's actually not true. >> I don't know really why they didn't just call didn't just do internet speeds in bytes too to make it less confusing. I know why there's a such thing as a bit. >> The bits are the zeros and ones usually in binary they are. Anyway, whatever. That's your computer lesson for the day. Here in Nola, we eat beignet plain with sugar on the side. That works too. Hey, I've been to Cafe Duman, the original in the French Quarter. Although, I think mine were pretty much like that in a white paper bag with sugar. All right, so the line's still not too bad, actually. Yeah. So, actually, there you go. >> So, what do you guys do in New Orleans? And you just you dip the beignet in the sugar. Is that what you do? I mean, I could see that working also. It's like a the technique is different but the end result is the same. We end up in the same >> the same happy the same happy place. >> Yeah, it's a good party. explain how zeros and ones become numbers or another day. Well, each >> each organization of zeros and ones represents one character or one bite. I don't know. So like the code the hex code or the b not hex code hex code that's different binary code for one sorry the binary code for a might be 00 I don't know what it is 0000 like eight seven zeros and a one or eight zeros or whatever. So yeah, anyway, enough computer lessons, right? But but yeah, eight ones or zeros turn into a letter. Jasper join 88. >> Yeah, shout out to I mean obviously they knew here it was going to be busy, but shout out to the uh beignet crew here at the beignet shop because they are really killing it. They have all of the beignets and they're ready to go all the time. >> Oh, there you guys are. >> Can I type something into >> Type something? Yeah. >> Here, let's go. But let's go. >> Say what? >> Oh, shop. Okay. arcade. >> Yeah. I don't know where the arcade is. Back here somewhere, I guess. >> All right, man. Learn the way. What about the actual worker I talked to? No. So, my point is the Disney Beignet crew are doing a great job. Like, they're getting people moving through here really fast. That was my point. Sorry if I I'm a little tired today. Sorry if I didn't say that clearly. But, they were ready for the rush and they're doing a good job is what I was trying to say. And the lady I talked to was very nice, obviously. So, >> I'm chill there. Do they have this one in other places, too? >> Yeah. >> If you sit down at a beignet place, you can get them in a bowl or plate. Mine usually been in a bag. Oh, I see. >> Did you do a sit down? Yeah. >> Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. >> He's excited. >> Hola. >> I love the smell of the beignet ears. Yeah, >> those are good. Careful. catch up to the weather. >> 26. >> Huh? >> Yes. >> There's a warning on the back. >> Okay. Oh, that's a warning where you're not supposed to you can't take that tag off. That's you have to buy it to get that tag taken off. That's what they're trying to tell you. >> They don't have this in a tumble. >> Mickey, I'll go out the back of the gift shop and take a ride. Okay. >> Out this way. >> Yeah, it's a pretty big stuffed animal. >> Hey, it's your time. >> No, I'm definitely not rude most of the time. I mean, I'm not perfect, but I certainly wasn't rude just now. I was trying to give the cast members a shout out for being so efficient. >> It's just so cool cuz if you come here tomorrow, it'll be so chill. Like, there'll still be people here, don't get me wrong, but it'll be so much more relaxed. >> Sorry, I was just showing the showing the party a little more. Looks like a beignet. >> Oh, >> sure does. >> Beignet. >> If they had like a tumbler and thermos of that. >> Yeah. >> A proud patriot. That's so nice. $100 super chat. Uh he sent $100. He said a little token of immense gratitude for hosting us, Mr. Josh and family. We love you guys. What do you think, dear? That's very kind, right? >> Yes. Thank you. Yeah. >> He says, "A she was shopping. She was distracted by the shopping." >> I was >> a little token of immense gratitude for hosting us. Mr. Josh and family, we love you guys. Well, thank you so much, Mr. Proud Patriot. >> So, yeah, we appreciate it. >> Yes, for sure. >> Thank you. >> I think I talked over while you were talking and you didn't hear hear mine. >> Oh, okay. Sorry. >> That's okay. >> You said thank you. >> Yes. >> Yeah. Thank you so much. >> Yes. Go ahead. These little playsets are cool. >> What? What? What's Liam want to see here? Oh, swim stuff. >> Oh. >> Oh, a miss. I'm sorry. Proud patriot. Thank you, miss. Uh, sorry. Thank you, miss. I could have looked I could have looked at your um I could have actually looked at your avatar. Well, thank you, ma'am. Thank you, Miss. Sorry, that's the way I I'll I'll get it right eventually. But yeah, no, Steph is doing much better today. Yes, she is really happy to be out and hanging out. She was remembering on the way here how we used to go to Beaches and Cream and we haven't been for a long time. >> That's a cool Mickey. >> Congrats on 27 months of Resort Hopper Bronze. T-minus 19 hours until we board the plane to MCO. Hope to see you and Jenna on air scroll Friday. Yay. That's awesome, Beth. Yeah, super nice. >> Yeah, they have all kinds of colors. >> Yes, purple has red in it because why is it a secondary or tertiary? >> Well, I'm glad you told me though, Proud Patriot. Now I I will address you correctly appropriately. >> Okay. So this is the only >> huh the only >> Yes. Here. >> Apparently there's an arcade around the corner. But there's more merch outside though. There's masks and stuff. So yeah. Come on. >> Yeah, those are cool. >> Stitch. >> There you go. Good. All right. Yeah. All the Marty stuff is outside other than the other than the bot. There was more. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Yeah. Come on out. She's she she got stuck in the store and didn't want to didn't want to look at the the the outside stuff. >> Oh, you're still stuck in the store. >> You're still stuck in the store. Just like being with Jenna. >> What's that? >> Did you get me confused with your sister? >> Not at all. I just said I said but it's like I'll be walking out and I'll think she's behind me and then she's not. >> Yes. Can you spend more time with her? Beautiful. >> That's not true. >> Uh, Wolf and Vans, 26 months of resort hopper bronze. Needed the tranquil Tuesday. Was just at AK on Saturday. Felt great to be back in the parks. Thanks, Wolf and Vans. Here's here you go. >> Oh, here's these beignet ears, Liam. Do they have a scent to them? You smell them? They smell they're an impostor. >> Oh no, David, you don't need a flamingo. >> I want one of these in that. >> Oh, in a smaller size. Yeah. >> Merch. Heads up. I got one of these or a tumbler and one of those. >> These are cool. Let me turn it around. Oh, Amy, I'm sorry you're not feeling good. I hope you feel better. >> Oh, look at all this. We got the king cake mix. >> Wow. How much is Oh, the ornament. Uh >> $34.99. Here's the masks. >> These are very nice. >> I picked out my favorite one. >> Which one? >> This one. >> Oh, well, yeah. >> Pink. It's got the rose. >> The rose and music mask. >> Very nice, dear. It's a good choice. >> Got a little music on it, too. >> Yeah. I like that. >> That one's nice cuz it's got the purple and green on it. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Do you have a favorite? >> Oh, no. I I I would have I probably would pick the this is the music one for I don't know. I mean, anybody can wear any one, but I would assume this is more the the guy one. >> Oh, yes. With the argyle. That's very Liam. >> All right. >> Oh my goodness. >> Hold on. Sorry. There was very very generous happening here. >> Oh my god. >> Wow. Oh, thank we were like we were all lined up there for that. >> Wow. $200 from Pow Patriot. And she says, "A little something for little Liam in case he finds a toy he likes and a tumbler from Miss Steph." >> A thank you. >> Well, thank you, Proud Patriot. >> That's okay. >> Wow. That is mind-blowingly. >> Wow. $100 and now 200. >> And also, >> well, there you go, guys. So, you're ready to get some merch. >> I just want to say you're crushing it. >> So, you know how uh you know like at like your local Starbucks or something, people like the person in front of you pays for uh you >> Oh, yeah. That's right. Today was random appetizers day, wasn't it? >> Yep. >> Thank you. That's awesome, buddy. Thank you very much. All right. >> Wow. So kind. Thank you so much. >> Do you see the violin? This is my >> We love seeing families together. Yes. Me, too. I didn't actually. This is cool. We love being together. >> Oh, okay. >> Those are really cool. >> I love aren't those. >> Very nice. >> Okay. >> Yeah. Step song and choir. >> Um, all right. So, here, hold on. Let's go out. Let's go out this way. >> Wow. God's been so good to me, I had to share it. You are most welcome. Well, that is amazing. And, uh, God has been very good to us as well. We've been so blessed and thankful to have this awesome community that we have here that we've been able to u to pull together. So, we're glad you guys are here. And it was so cool last year. I know they were watching from home just going, "We want to be there." But, you know, they they didn't they didn't want to come all the way out. By the time they did, it would be too late. And so, they didn't they didn't end up. >> Yeah. We didn't even know. So, anyway, the point is we're glad you guys are here. Um, is this a meet and greet over here? Beth Yeah, thank you so much. No, seriously. Um, okay. I don't know. I'm just kind of looking, bud. That's a It's a good I think this is for the I think this is the drink line maybe down here. >> The arcade. >> Oh, yeah. That's the arcade. Yeah. Let's just see if we can go in there. It looks like there's a uh >> This is the drink line, I think. Maybe. I know they said there were meet and greets down here somewhere, but this might just be the drink line. >> What about the crafts? >> The crafts? Yeah, we're going to do those here in just a minute. That's a good question. So, they're they're back by the building. I just wanted to see what this line was for. So, it must be for the drinks. Okay, cool. Super cool. Okay, >> they had Louis. >> Oh, is this a character line? >> I thought it was a drink line. >> Louis just took a break and so we're all just like a >> somebody is coming for a second and then Louis is coming back at 8. >> Oh, got it. Okay. Somebody said Tiana was here earlier. Okay, so that makes sense. >> I'm watching you on YouTube. So, it's funny. He's like this. >> A you got Louis right there. >> That's very cool. back in a little bit. >> That's awesome. What's your name? >> I'm Abby. >> Abby, the name is a character out walking around. >> Only here on everybody. >> Super special. Okay. >> Yes. You see there was a girl dressed like Louis. >> Yeah. >> She had to look. >> Oh yeah. Oh, for sure. She was all She went to all that effort. >> Well, that's cool. Well, we'll have to hang out for a little bit. You guys have fun. >> Yeah. >> Oh, yeah. For sure. Oh, you got the autograph book. You're ready to go. >> You guys are all >> This is a character line. They said Lewis was here, but he went off, but the only time you can see Lewis is on Martyra here at this resort. >> Oh, nice. >> That's super cool. >> I love that. >> Wow. So, that's a big >> Everybody's lined up. I thought here, see, I I thought, man, people really want the the drinks, but no, it had nothing to do with that. A >> and then Louis comes back because they said on the hour. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Very very soon. Yeah. >> Uh here. I don't know how you do this with no hands. >> I got you. >> Okay. That's for you. >> Yes. >> We're going to we're going to get out of the way. >> Yeah. Okay. So, that's not the >> Yes. Crowd Patriot was very very kind. >> People are talking about it already. or people are talking about it in the chat as they should. It was very nice. Good >> job, Josh. >> Oh, hey. How are you doing? >> Hands full here. Oh, elbow bump. >> How you doing, Liam? I watch you guys all the time. >> Yeah. >> I love the 24hour Anim. That's the longest I've ever stayed awake. >> That was a big one. >> I don't know how he's standing. >> Maybe. I don't know. I was awake for >> stream. >> On stream. >> That's what I'm saying. Besides when he was born. I was awake 72 hours when he was born. >> Yeah. Yeah. That was >> my wife, Maria. >> Hi. >> Hi. >> We We watch all the time. >> Do you guys want to say hi on the live stream? >> Yeah. Say hi. >> What are your names again? >> Are you guys from Kansas City or you just a fan? >> No, I'm a fan. I'm a Bobby W fan. >> Okay. Super cool. >> We're up in New York. >> New York. Okay. >> Okay. All right. >> Very cool. Yeah, we just got back. >> I have a friend who used to >> That's right. Your friend used to live in New York. >> I know you guys went to New York recently. >> We did. Now, are you guys in the city? Oh. Oh, this girl's dressed like Lewis back here. How cool. >> Wow. Is it cold enough for you up there when you went? >> Yeah, I was. Here. Let's let this >> here. We'll let them pass here. >> That is amazing. It's a great costume. >> Hey, >> long time viewers. First time here. You flew all the way from Are you okay if I show off your awesome costume? >> So, what what's your name? >> Say it again. >> Mai. >> Miri. >> Excellent. I love your shirt, too. Both of you guys look great. You're repping Epcot. You're repping Lewis. I love it. >> Barely. Barely. You lost your voice already. >> I know. >> Hi, how are you? >> So, now did you you got to meet Lewis, right? >> That's amazing. >> The last group. He'll come back. >> That's what I heard. Louis is on the hour. He's for 30 minutes. Okay. Switch with Tiana. >> Yeah, I saw Tiana was out there. So >> So that's that's the rotation. And yeah, they did a little dance. It was good deal. She came all the way >> one night. Good deal. >> Watching the retro TV some Apple stuff. We should talk. I have some old Apple here. >> Oh, cool. You know, I never had any growing up other than at my elementary school. So, my dad worked with a company did prototypes like >> and so back in the 80s and things on there, but uh I'll give you a card. >> Oh, no. That'd be great. >> Another fellow realtor as well. Austin, Texas. Shout out. >> Oh, nice. Austin, Texas. That's cool. >> Y'all are awesome. >> Yeah. >> Hoger Street. >> Appreciate it. >> Yeah, let's do it. Oh my gosh. >> Get in there. >> Okay, here. Let me get let me get rid of my >> There we go. Trying to look more presentable. >> Of course. >> So nice to meet you guys. I love >> I love the effort. I'm glad you guys got some uh glad you guys got some awesome pictures and videos of Louiswis. >> It was awesome. It was a great party. >> Yeah. >> Were you here for the parade this morning? >> No, I had to work today. So, he had to go to school. So, you know, first things first, but no, at least we got to come tonight. >> For sure. Yeah. You guys have a great evening. >> Oh, they got the whole family here now. >> Yeah. Well, there's two other kids, too. But >> Oh, you got two more. >> It's been a great great night so far, huh? >> That's awesome. >> Every time you talk about like uh, you know, the 80s growing up. That was I'm 43, 48. Y, >> so it's like right there. >> We're the same age. >> Yeah. >> I mean, I'm 46, so we're very close. >> Come to 64 and growing up and all that, you know. >> Oh, yeah. >> Crazy. I remember going down to the school library and looking at them and they that's where they had them, you know, in our school and it was like magic. It was like the uh >> Oh, I'm I'm so sorry. >> What was the first computer when playing World on Trail? Remember? >> Yes. Yeah. I mean, Apple and then uh Apple 2 and then the Commodore Vic 20 and the all those things. Yeah. >> I love Castle and I'm telling you, >> you like Castle? Yeah. That's what game we played on the old computer. >> You guys all play these games? I I have no idea how to play. Oh, he goes around Minecraft and I'm like, I can do it because he'll have me. He like, okay, dad, build something. I'm like, I can do it, but you know how it is. I didn't grow up in an age of 3D games. I grew up doing Mario sideways. >> Sometimes you couldn't go backwards. >> Right. Exactly. I'm good with that. That's what's so funny, too, cuz I'll play against my own students sometimes if there's a game or whatever, and I will always absolutely smoke them in Mario and they're like, "How do you do that?" I'm like, "Years of practice." >> You can't mess with us. >> No, you can't mess with us in Mario. Mike Tyson's Punch Out. >> I'll let you go. >> All right. Hey, it's good to see you guys. >> You, too. Nice to meet you. >> Hey, maybe we'll see you up on Long Island. >> Yeah, it was nice. >> Nice to meet you. >> Home. >> Well, we were So, we were we were kind of on Long Island. We Well, we were we were in um uh Garden City was where we were at. >> Yeah, that's that's Long Island. >> Long Island. Yeah. >> So, we were at Adelfi University. >> Cold. It was cold that weekend, >> dude. It was It got down to one degree. You >> picked the the wrong one. He at least he got he got to feel what cold really was. >> That that's it. >> And he survived. >> It was warmer, I think, in Alaska. >> I believe it was. >> I think it was. >> Well, you guys enjoy. >> See you. >> All right. Well, thank you for the coke, dear. That was kind. >> Yes. Well, I just happened to see him in there and I promised leave an apple. >> Oh, that was nice. >> Yeah. So, over here, I don't know if you showed this. >> Oh, yeah. I got it, David. What? >> Over here, they have some jumbo eye cornbread and >> Oh, no. I didn't see that. >> Yeah. Um, there's nobody over there right now. So, go show the menu. That's really cool. >> Okay. Here. So, they got the they got the Marty GR punch here. >> Happy Martyra. >> Happy Martyra. >> All right. So, what's in the what's in the punch? >> All right. So, we have our bullfrog punch, which is going to be a Sprite, lime, and a green apple mixture. >> Okay. We have our hurricane. Um, this one is going to be alcoholic. Our bull frog is non-alcoholic. >> Okay. >> This will be a green rum mixture with pineapple juice and orange juice. Okay. All right. I love you got them color coded. Green, everybody can have it. Red, not everybody can have it. Right. >> Let's go. Right. >> Yeah, that makes it really easy. The green one we can serve to everybody. >> I love that. >> Very cool. Three kinds of rum. That sounds good. >> Yeah. I believe it's a cafe Oregon. Um rum. I can't remember off the top of my head. >> And you've got uh different New Orleans uh snacks here as well. >> Oh, I see. Jumbo. Jumbo. We also have Marty Gro donuts that have the three colors on the king. >> That's right, David. >> Kingake. >> King cake. Yeah. Super cool. Well, thank you so much. Appreciate it. >> I see we already have some. We can have more, right? >> Sure. >> Yeah, we can always >> Oh, those are cool. They have different colors. >> Yeah. Thank you. >> We got to have some of those. Thank you very much. You guys have a good one. >> You, too. Happy Martyra. >> Very cool. It's a whole thing. atmosphere. Everybody's having a good time. Everybody's Hi. >> How are you? >> I'm good. My name is Karen. One of >> my granddaughters. >> What about step behind you? Somebody's trying to get behind you. >> Nice to meet you. >> Nice to meet you, too. >> Oh, thank you. >> Where are you guys from? >> North of Atlanta. >> Okay. >> So, this day Yeah, we came yesterday. >> Nice. >> Did you guys want to say hi on the live stream? >> Okay. >> All good. No, it's all good. >> No, I'm so glad that I met you guys. You're you're having fun then here at Marty Girl. Are you going to stay the rest of the evening? >> No, we're not going to do that. We're just going to pick up some >> Well, that's how you celebrate. It's so nice to meet you ladies. >> Nice to meet you. >> Hey, Dad. >> All right. Crafting. >> Yeah. Let's go craft. >> You ready, Liam? >> So much fun. >> Like I said, the atmosphere is so festive. Everybody's having a good time. Oh, look at this. Look at this. Yes. Look at this guy. Oh, wait, wait, wait. He's doing He's doing a uh what do you call it? The line. He's doing a line. A parade of costumes. I love it. >> How fun. >> Yeah. I I said this this this gentleman with the parasol, he understood the assignment. Look at that outfit. He looks great. baby. >> How fun. >> Look at his shoes. I love it. >> See, again, like I said, it's just an unexpected thing. Every man >> Oh, she's right behind us. me. What's >> he back there? >> How fun. Uh, Colleen, I'm sorry you had to check out this morning. >> All right. >> Yeah, like I said, the whole thing is just so much fun. There's like random like little parade, you know, a little costume parade, um, floats, characters. They really go all out. I love it. Are you ready for some um crafts? >> Ready for crafts? >> Yes. >> Some crafts. >> You want to do the in line for the picture? >> It's up to you. >> I think we should get everybody in the picture. >> We got to let the train go through. The train is coming. Here they come. Here they come. >> All right. All right. All right. >> Oh, she took it. All right. No worries. >> All right. Well, here. Let's go. Let's go see what we can craft. >> Come on, Liam. Let's go make a craft. >> Marty mambbo. >> Hello. >> Marty Gro. All right. So, we have make your own mask. >> We have half. >> $5 for the mask and $8 for the hat. Okay. Which one do you want to do, bud? >> You can only do electronic and no hat. >> Okay. >> Even better. >> That's fine. But just decide which ones you want to do. >> What What does the hat look like? >> It's the top hat. >> Oh, the top hat. Okay. >> I want to do the top hat. >> You'd like to do the top hat? >> Yeah. >> Okay, perfect. >> What do you want to do? >> Uh, I'm going to hold the camera and watch you guys do it. >> Okay. >> So, you guys do whichever ones you want. Is it kids only? >> No, kids of all. >> No, there's there's grown-ups doing it. >> I'll do a math. >> That's like she said. Yep, that's right. >> Your total is going to be right there. >> Sorry, I will not I will not dox our debit card. It's like I almost doxed David's phone number earlier. I mean, I didn't mean to, but This is so fun. >> Sure. So Steph's gonna do purple. >> Yeah. Let me get up there so I can see them. There we go. >> Oh boy. That's a That's a lot of cool colors, buddy. >> Oh yeah, David. It's all good. No, I I I stopped it before. So Oh, I like that bud. That that that would have been what I would have picked too. >> Hey X, how are you? Don't believe me? Just watch. Don't believe me? Just watch. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. >> Wait a minute. >> Yeah. I love the making masks, too. All right. >> Why don't you walk around? >> I will. I just wanted to show when he was getting started and then I'll then I'll I'll get out of the way here in a minute. >> All right. So, this is Steph and Liam stuff. He's getting all his he's going to get all his supplies ready. >> Liam Liam, you guys should know Liam is a master craft guy. He is so creative. One of his favorite things in the world is to make these type of crafts. >> I'm making a mess. For those who don't know, it's a robot that a human can alongside of and making out of boxes. >> We also started making out of the the erector set, didn't we? >> Yeah. We had the big uh You guys remember those from long ago? It's basically nuts and bolts. >> So, yep. Set. Oh, what do you got here? >> Oh, that's nice. >> I missed it. >> That's amazing. Ticker tell John, I'm glad that the wait times are so low. >> Oh, yeah. That's right. David, why why don't you want to give me your phone number? I know. got here. >> So, David was putting his name in for the >> McKim's Mile House. That's nice. Lounge and he was about to give his phone number. I was standing right next to him and I heard him starting to give the phone number. I was like, "Oh, yeah." And I hit the mute real quick. So, I was able to not give everybody David's phone number. >> Yeah, you told me that. >> Yeah, me too. Kim says she misses seeing Steph on the home channel. Yeah, me too. >> All right, I'll I'm I'll come back so I'm not crowding you guys. >> No, I'll find you. Where will we find you? >> I'm just going to be real close. I'll check in with you. Oh, you already got some on there. Let me see your salmon. >> Let me see. I think we're good for right now. There's hardly any line here. >> Let me see what we got so far. Dude, those are awesome. All right, I'll come back when you when you uh have some more uh some more crafting done. >> So fun. Still pretty busy. >> Have fun. >> Miss Whitney Houston with somebody who loves me. Hold on. Trying to Okay, let me go inside actually for a second. Not that I'm not enjoying the festivities, but uh I need to reorganize my my backpack so I can actually drink my Coke. I have too many things in my hand. All right, here we go. So fun. This is a different kind of tranquil Tuesday, but it's it's just awesome. I'm so glad Steph felt good enough to come. We were reminiscing on the way here about all the things we used to do and I just it's with her health and us being so busy, we haven't been able to do it and it's been, you know, kind of sad that I haven't been able to include her and Liam as much. And so I hope this is a sign of things to come that she'll be able to uh join us more often on some different things. You know, obviously it's not something that they they don't necessarily want to be on every stream. um you know, they've got their own stuff to do, but on on really fun and special streams like this, it's great to have them along and um I want you I just want to want to be able to make these memories with them, too. So, I'm excited. Hi. >> Hello. Anyway, exciting. I want to dance with somebody was the number one song when I was born. Awesome. Yeah, it's a super fun stream. Okay, but to hear her talking about stuff we used to do, like again, Beaches and Cream was one of our favorite restaurants. It used to be kind of a a hidden gem, uh, something that a lot of people didn't know about. And so to hear them hear her talking about that, like, you know, it was even out of the question for a while for her to come because she just didn't feel good. So, this is good. The the only thing is we just want to know why. Like what you know what is causing her to feel better today and hopefully we can replicate that on more days. It is a beautiful room. All right, let's go dance with somebody again. So, we got to go to the big breakdown section. Don't you want to dance? Say you want to dance. Don't you want to dance? We're not there yet. Oh, Liam, I love that. He's going to put a like a boa around there. Is that what that's called? A boa? >> Oh, that's amazing. I love that color. >> Yes. >> I just told the the hubs were visiting that hotel just for the beignet. Yeah, of course. That might have been David. It might have been. I was just telling everybody we didn't know exactly why you felt so much better today, but we're glad you do. >> Yeah. >> We're just glad you do. >> Everybody saying that they love seeing you guys, and I said, "Well, you know, you hadn't felt like it, but you were really, really feeling good today. You mentioned several times how you felt good, and I was glad it worked out. So, hopefully we can figure out how to >> I made it an intention to rest." >> Oh, you rested. Well, that helps. The master craftsman at work over here. Both of them crafts people. All right, I'll be back. Boots and cats. >> All right. I didn't want to with all the people at the table. I don't want to stay there too long and make the other families feel uncomfortable, but I do want to be a part of it. So, it's kind of a I'm doing a little bal balancing act here. I'm just trying to be there a reasonable amount of time. And if this uh if the stream gets taken down for some reason cuz all the songs like New Year's uh I'll bring it back. So don't worry. We're definitely going to keep this stream up and uh if there's some reason it goes down then we'll we'll bring it back. >> Having fun? >> Yes, I am. Thank you. >> Oh, awesome. >> Always. >> Yes. You got Did you get to make something? >> No, never. I just had gumbo and shrimp. >> Okay. >> Very cool. >> That was nice. >> Yeah. games a little later. >> Okay. Oh, the wine's not bad. So, uh, >> last year I was here, it was all the way around the corner. >> Yeah. All the way. >> All good. >> Yeah. You have fun. >> All right. Just in case you missed the beginning of the stream, let's go over here and check out the golf carts again for anybody who missed it. Also, Lewis should be coming back pretty soon. Yeah, David. The Jungle Cruise Skipper was really good the other night. >> Oh, Gravity Falls animation. That's fun. You know, I never really got into Gravity Falls that much, but you guys enjoying the festivities. >> Liam and Steph are making uh Liam's making a hat and Steph's making a mask. >> So, I'm excited to see how they turn out. >> What's that? >> I know. I I'm going to have to text him. Apparently, Lewis is coming back out here in a few minutes, they said. So, Lewis is out. Tiana's out now. So, I guess this is the only time that you can see Lewis as a walkound character. >> I mean, at least that's what our what our friends over there in line were saying. So, >> at least at least the full size, not the young, >> right? So, we'll see. >> All right. You're balancing fine. Thanks. Yes, there was a parade earlier and like I said, we didn't get to come to the parade because um Liam and I had to go to school today and obviously school takes priority, but this was super fun to come and see it after the fact. >> Are you able to take a double from the lobby fountain? I don't know about that. I'm not really sure what the rules are on that. >> So, the the Alice, this is the float that actually won. So, that's pretty cool. Oh, >> there might be a 24-hour stream. We'll have to see. Excuse me. Oh, look. They're getting pictures over there with all the all the great costumes. Yeah. So, this one won. This is the float, the Alice in Wonderland that won from the uh I believe housekeeping and Oh, I didn't show the back of this float very well. Housekeeping and um custodial crew. Look at this. That is so cool. Zero to hero. This is engineering. Makes sense. They engineered some stuff. Engineering had to have animation. That is I mean this is just so detailed. My student and I am washed and voted. Cool. Was there a text to vote type thing? How did they do that? You guys will have to let me know. >> All right, I better go check on the craft progress here in a second. >> Isn't that nice? >> I love it. >> Figuring out age group. >> I'm going to give you a couple minutes. >> Banner last year was different. First age group 0 to three. Second age group four to six. >> All right. So we got Peter Pan here. >> Seven to 10. And then the 14. >> All right. Let's see if Lewis is coming out yet. >> Think of a wonderful thing. Any happy little thing. >> All right. Let's go check on them and then we'll check on Lewis. >> And the Britney song is on. >> Okay. Looks like no Lewis yet. >> My My percussion kids like to used to play this on the uh Mimbas. They had a they had a version that they play on the Mima. I don't know how they figured it out, but they had like harmony and everything. It wasn't just the melody. We're playing like multi mallets. Hello. >> Good. How are you? >> Happy Mardigra. >> Hey again. >> Liam, what you got, bud? How's it going? >> Is it looking good? Show me what Can you show me your progress? >> Oh, is yours done Steph? >> Oh, I love that. Super cool, dude. Yeah, take your time. >> Smiley face. >> Okay, here. Here I'll come see what Steph got what Steph did. >> All right. What you got? >> Wow. >> That's nice, dude. >> Hot glue. Supervised hot glue. >> Supervised hot glue. That's good. We don't need burning any fingers. >> Yes. I still burn myself. >> You did? >> Yeah. That's cuz I was in touch. >> That's all right. Are you all right? No. No. No. >> No. >> No. We don't need We don't need the burn unit. No. >> Okay, good. >> You did good. >> All right. >> I just want to keep an eye on Liam's right there. >> I know. Let me make sure he's doing okay. >> What's up, dude? >> Oh, yeah. Would you like her to be back here with you? >> Okay. >> He would like for you to be with him. I understand. I'm just trying to make sure there's room for everybody. >> Oh, okay. >> That's all. >> I know. >> I'm not I'm not leaving. >> Mom will be right here. >> You're going to put any >> I love it. >> Oh, smiley face. I love that, buddy. >> Nice job. >> Now, take your time, bud. You craft it however you want. >> All right. >> Looks like Lewis is going to come out. I'm going to just keep an eye on him. He's got plenty of room. >> Oh, you're going to draw on it. Nice. >> Good job, buddy. >> Okay. >> All right. Had to check on the craft progress over here. The first category is make your way to this side of the stage. >> Let's see if we can get a view. Oh, there he is. I see him now. Does anybody know is that true what she said that this is the only place to see him all year or does he have another time when you can meet and walk around like a the walk around Lewis? Is he Is that a thing? No, it's always the clever ones that tremble on the clowns. Yeah, for sure. >> Sorry about that. I had a little bit of lag, but we're we're back now. >> Look at that. There he is. I just have like just >> I love that. >> All right. I don't want to stay too long, but that's pretty cool. >> I think it will stage, our first contestant. >> So, is So, is that the only time? Is that the >> That's cool. I think that's awesome. >> It's a buffering. I I had an issue with the the >> the cellular signal just cut out. We should be good now. >> I think you've addressed them accurately. Oh yes. Give yourself a round of applause. Keep giving Ray. >> There's our friend with the outfit on there. She looks great. And our next contestant to the center of the stage. Oh, you're doing perfectly. >> Now, wave to all of your adoring fans. Give it up for contestant number two. >> So, we're here at French Quarter. We started right here >> at Riverside. And Riverside goes way up here. And that's like Golden Oak up there where directory is. So, some of the styling of Golden Oak is based on the similar styling of Riverside just because they're so close to each other. >> Give it up. >> She's the same DJ that does uh New Year's in Tomorrowland sometimes. >> Well, someone is a future performer. >> Oh, we we've got two more perfectly on time entries. Give it up. >> Contestant number four. >> Look at all the people. They love you. >> Oh, here's the map. Here's the map. Here's the menu again. >> Conveniently showing up in gravity. Good job. >> All right, let's head back over here and check the progress. Oh my everybody needs it. I'm going to love it. >> I hope you guys are having fun watching the festivities here. >> It's very festive and very nice. >> Somebody's lost. I got three cast members helping her out, helping to try and distract her. I bet they'll find mama pretty soon. Disney's really good at that. Finding finding lost parents is the specialty that they do. All right, looks like Liam is Liam is getting Liam is getting hot glue >> done or he's waiting to get hot glue done. >> Excuse me. All right. So, how are we doing? >> We're in line for hot glue >> on. Okay, sounds good. >> I need these feathers to go. >> Put the feathers on. Yeah. Nice. I want to go all the way around, but I think that would be too much. >> Too much. Okay. I think I like the two. I think the two is great. >> All right. Good. >> Looks like you guys are up next. Okay. I'll get out of the way. Good job. >> Yes. All right. Sorry. >> A he did so great. I knew when they said crafts I was like man they are speaking his language we are all good there he's so creative like that like it's funny cuz you know I Steph and I both consider ourselves creative but like it's awesome just how your isn't it awesome how your kids are like like if you're creative like they end up being creative but in their own way in a different way and I think that's just >> really cool like obviously he loves music too but Now, our next category is going to be four to six year olds. If you're out there and you're between the ages of four and six, please make your way to this side of the stage. Yeah, little girl's lost, but they they'll find her mom and dad of the sheriff. I'm actually kind of scanning the area for any parents that look like they're looking for a kid. Like, it would be pretty obvious. >> Oh, the cast the cast members are walking around. >> Cast members are walking around asking if if somebody's missing a kid. Lewis. >> Isn't he so fun? >> Where's your trumpet? >> Oh, he's so good. I love it. So fluffy and so fluffy and uh huggable, too. >> Oh, look at the wine. >> Lewis is going to be busy for a while. Oh, >> this literally could not be more festive. >> What are you doing? >> All right. >> Now, the princess out of the bayou. >> Happy you're having fun. Thanks, Dad. He sent me a message. >> Easier for me to reply this way. >> All right. So, What's going on? >> Not much. Liam's almost done with his craft here. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Is that it or you going somewhere else? >> No, you know, I don't know that Steph said something about getting some beignets for the road. So, we'll see. I mean, why not? >> So, other than that, I think we'll probably head out. Liam's got school tomorrow. We We drove two cars just in case we don't live that far away. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Lose track of time. >> I went on vac. We always said that before. >> But it's interesting. And people always ask how it is living down here. I'm like, the only difference is >> we don't really go on extended trips to Disney. We go one day, one day, one day. Nothing. I mean, listen, it's amazing. I wouldn't trade it for the world. But that idea of I don't have anything to do tomorrow is not there anymore. That's the only difference. >> But you know what? It's fine. We can go anytime. So, >> how's mom doing? >> She's good. She's good. They had a good good Valentine's weekend, Dad said. And so, yeah, they they're enjoying a mom's family. one of mom's brothers came down and she got to see him. So, that was good. >> Good. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. I think about it, you know, going through and stuff. >> Yeah. >> It's tough. We keep hoping and praying for >> Yes. Yeah. >> these uh people way smarter than me to figure out how to how to stop this thing, you know. >> I tell you what, >> there's a lot of things in this world I wish they would figure out a way to stop. >> Yeah. Well, the good news is even, you know, 50 years ago, there was a bunch of stuff that we can do now we couldn't do then. So, Absolutely. So hopefully we'll we'll figure out more. >> Absolutely. >> You watch baseball. Do you follow baseball or >> I do casually. I'm I'm actually uh grew up in Indiana but was born in Illinois and my dad was a Cubs fan so I'm a Cubs fan. >> All right. >> So >> that's right. I remember the the uh big national title for you. >> Yes. The one >> Penn State fans. Nitney Lions. >> What's that? >> We have Penn State. >> Oh yeah. Indiana. Yeah. >> Yeah. So >> okay, >> you guys won. It was another Big 10 team. So >> you know what? It's pretty cool. Yeah, >> I was happy they beat up Ohio State. >> They did. It was was just I think the whole the whole year was such an underdog. Like everybody said they couldn't do it. They couldn't do it. They couldn't do it. But and listen, I don't blame them. They had a hundred years of not doing it. So, you know, >> I never seen that come. You know what I mean? >> Yeah. I mean, literally, that's what my wife and I were saying. If you'd have put that on your bingo card, all the crazy things that have happened in Indiana being, you know, national champion football when I was there, one year we won one game and the next year we won two. And the joke, our director would laugh. I mean, you know, we always wanted them to do well, but the joke was we had it on a shirt and I can't find the shirt for the life of me, but it said in a collision culture with the Rose Bowl, the only variable is time. >> And I was like, man, we won the Rose Bowl. I need that shirt now. >> Cuz literally, okay, who knew 2025 was the year? 26, whatever you want to say. But >> he's good. He seems good. >> He, you know, he's got the mentality. I I heard a a podcast the other day with him and they were they had him interviewed and he said they said, "Okay, coach, you know, just starting out like, "Where's that national trophy? Where's that trophy?" He's a It's over there on the on the table 5t from me. He goes, "But I'm going to tell him to move it pretty soon. I don't want to get soft." >> I was like, "That's that's pretty He's only been champion for two weeks. They have him get it out of here. I don't want to get soft." Good >> way to put it. They earned it. >> He did. >> Yeah. They actually beat they had to beat every every team that was supposed to beat >> I was going to say you you can't say they didn't beat >> Ohio State >> Ohio State them >> I mean Miami was kind of an underdeveloped >> but and they ended up being the one of the Penn State and um Ohio State and Miami were probably the best the teams that gave us more of a run for our money. >> Penn State let me down. I mean they they had a big bad year. James Franklin, you know, Drew Allah not doing good. He was supposed to doing better, >> but they were one of the only teams that really had IU's number cuz it if it wasn't for that last wasn't for that last minute drive, >> right? >> They they would have won and we would have >> That's right. >> We would have been a one loss team. And who knows, we still could have gone to the championship with one loss, but still. >> Yeah. The way it's set up now. >> Yeah. Well, because if we had beat if we' beat Ohio State, >> that would have been weird. We probably still would have won if we beat Ohio State and lost to Penn State. Maybe. >> I mean, you're talking about before the playoffs started. >> Oh, before the playoffs. >> Rankings. >> Yeah. So, you know, I don't know how that would have gone, actually. >> I kind of like the playoffs better. >> Yeah. >> Gives any teams >> Oh, no. Yeah. No, I mean like if we had lost to Penn State, we would have gone down in the rankings, I guess. So then >> Yeah. So then we may not have even played for the title. >> They were unbelievable. I mean, the college they were on, nobody believed in Indiana. >> No, no. I was laughing. They were there was a there was a um what's the guy's name? The guy who loves the SEC. Um Oh, it starts with an H. Uh uh no, not F. Paul Fineball. >> He was talking about him all year and then he had to do a video about how he was wrong and somebody in the comments said it looked like he was being held hostage. Like he looked like he was having to read a statement. Somebody standing out to the side with a gun, you know, like >> Yes. They're a great team. Like really good. Just wanted to say I love your YouTube channel. >> Oh, thank you. >> Are you a teacher still? >> Yes. Okay. >> And I taught today. >> I'm a teacher, too. >> What do you teach? >> Well, I am at Holy Family Catholic Schooly right now, but I taught for Orange County Public Schools for 12 years. So, and then switched over. >> Oh, that's awesome. >> Yeah. Here, hold on. I'm going to mute it real quick, guys. Do you enjoy doing what you're doing? Oh, >> for sure. >> Nice to meet you. >> No, it was a great season. I I've got all the merch, man. I bought all the merch. >> Should have. >> I mean, you know, who knows? It we keep that coach. It's possible again. >> I mean, Mendoza had a lot to do with it. >> Oh, for sure. >> I know. >> Hey, look at that. >> Nice hat. Here, put it on. >> Oh, you got eyebrows on him. >> I like it. >> That's okay. It doesn't look mad to me. >> Is that Put it on your head and let it dry. >> There you go. Oh, is it wet? >> Yeah. >> Dude, that looks great. >> Good, man. >> Yeah. >> Now you don't have to worry about the back. >> Yeah. Yeah, we going over that bridge over the um across the way. There's bats under the bridge. >> You can hear them chirping and stuff. >> She wanted to go up and over. I said, "I'm going under. I don't care. >> They're not going to hurt anything." >> Reason to go after >> No, they got plenty of must have plenty of food somewhere cuz they wouldn't be hanging around. They didn't. >> I also made this. >> What else, bud? >> He made a gym. >> Oh, both sides. Yeah. Yeah. >> Nice job, dude. >> I like that. I love it. >> And you got your mask. >> Good job, dear. >> Well, I'll get on in. >> Yeah. >> You see uh Chip and Maria? >> What's that? >> You'll see Chip and Maria on the screen. >> Oh, cuz we like ninja watch. You know what I mean? >> Yeah. >> So, >> well, I'll look for you guys on the stream. >> Yeah. It'll pop up there. >> Yeah. >> Say, "Hey, Josh, s you go. I'll know it was you." >> Bobby Whitten fan. >> That's right. Yep. >> You'll remember. >> I'll remember. >> See you later. All right, man. >> Thank you. Thank you for everything. >> Of course. >> Our pleasure. >> Bye. Good to see you. >> All right. Um, so you guys look great. Here, let's get here. Come over here by the Martyra sign. We'll get your Actually, can we can we use that? >> I want to get them in there cuz they got their masks and their hat here. >> I thought we were going to get everybody. >> Everybody. That's fine. Okay. All right. Here we go. >> Hold the handles. >> Here. Let me get over here. >> Get in the middle. >> Okay. I'll be in the middle >> and streaming the very >> Yes. Yes, please. Here. Hold on. Up. There we go. >> Okay, everybody say cheese. >> Oh, put it up. There we go. Okay. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you. >> Here, guys. Here's how they look. There's you guys. >> Looks like my mouth instead of my eyes. >> Liam, you're looking at the side. That's all right. It's still a good picture. >> Here, let me get you guys picture now. This way with just by yourselves. >> Well, here >> cuz you did the crafting this way. >> Here, let me let me fix them >> here. There you go. From the gator. >> They're coming. >> Oh, yeah. She's up there. Yeah. >> Hurry. >> Okay. You got a picture? >> Get both of you guys in there. >> All right. Here, Liam. We want to face the light. We want >> That's fine. >> You want to go over there? The shadow. >> Oh, I just like that as a backdrop. >> Oh, >> that that was my Okay. All right. Here you go. All right. Smile. >> And then I'll selfie. >> All right. Now, we'll selfie. >> Oh, I'm sorry. Was I branding? >> You're branding. It's cool. All right. Here we go. >> Number three. and contestant number four. >> Awesome. >> A wrap for right now. >> All right. Thanks for hanging out with us, guys. It's been fun. >> All right, Liam, here is your lemonade if you'd like to drink some. >> Can we get some? >> Yeah, let's let's let's hang out for a little bit. >> I love how she's got the Vogue music on. That's amazing. >> Strike the pose. We're about to strike a pose. party. We've got more. >> Oh, yeah. No, there it's a party. There's going to be copyrights. We're fine. I'm not worried about it. >> Oh, a jazz band at the scat club. I forgot about that. >> Now, you guys like my smiley face? >> I love it, bud. Make a smile. Uh, make a smiley face in the chat. >> Oh, yeah. >> You do. So, you put the dot over dot and then you put minus and then you put the thing that looks like the circle thing. You know what I'm talking about? >> Well, also they can even just use the smiley emoji, too. >> Yeah, >> they could also they could type it in that way too, like you said with a colon and a colon and a smiley face. They can also do that. >> A colon, a minus, and a >> right. A colon, a minus, and a smiley face. Yes, >> agreed. That would work. >> That works. >> Or a parenthesis. >> Yeah, sure. >> Yo, yo, yo, I'm a rapper, right? >> Oh, you're a rapper now. All right. >> Eat more chicken. >> It's Liam. Funky fresh. >> E T. That's how you spell. And then it's M O R. And it's C H E K. That's how you spell it. I'm totally right, guys. >> Cow. If you if you know what I'm referencing to, it's Chick-fil-A. >> Yeah. >> Oh, the cow. Yes. We're going to Indiana Jones. That's awesome. Take John. Yeah. Have fun. Have fun. >> Yes. Great job, Liam. And step. >> You got a face up here and a face down here. >> I'm sorry. I didn't remember that. >> I forgot. No, we we were looking at their hats. >> Oh, no. >> I forgot my >> Did you get to go up Did you get to go up there? >> I did. >> Oh, I'm sorry. >> Yeah, cuz we were we were um they were just finishing their mask and we were doing selfies over here. >> Well, do you want to show everybody on the stream your costume? >> Sure. >> Okay. >> Okay. I got to go. All right. >> Oh, sorry. I'm I'm holding you up. >> Perfect. That looks really good. >> Thank you. >> Have a great night. >> Well, you guys enjoy. >> Thank you. You too. >> Okay. Are there colors that represent Mario girl? >> What? >> Are there certain colors that represent Mario? >> That's a great question. Yes, there are. >> What? >> These colors. Gold and purple and blue. >> Green. >> Or green. Like an aqua green. Or green. Yeah, >> that what happened. >> But purple and green are the most like these purple, green, and gold are the ones that are most common. It's like the stream. See the streamers up here? >> Yeah. >> You know what I think? If you use armor trims in Minecraft, um, do the waving emotion, aka raising your hand. >> Yeah. >> Um, I use an armor and I feel like, um, netherite and gold. >> That's good. So, >> so um was going to say >> I lost it. >> You were going to say we should check out the tour again. >> I mean, we could. Yeah, for sure. I was just there was something else I was going to say and I remember. >> No. >> Okay. >> I lost it. >> That was actually I know. Oh, well. >> All right. I don't know. >> Oh, triyouts for Somebody asked how the triyouts for Liam went in the theater. Yeah, he got the part of Maurice in the um >> what's the time over, guys? 107.9 a.m.U. That's >> right. >> Yeah, >> you got it. You got it. That's what I was going to do. I was going to answer that chat question. Sorry, I'm like tired today and I my brain skipped a beat. All right. So, mom wants to go back in the store. >> And I got call back for Okay. >> Did it kill it? >> That's okay, bud. >> And I got more. >> Yes. >> We don't want to be ghosting. >> Something went wrong with YouTube. Yeah. >> Yeah. YouTube's been a little funky lately, but we'll do the best we can with it. So, did you guys want to get beignets to go? We have one already for each of us. Or you probably have one or two left, I guess. No, >> I No. >> Okay. >> So, >> buy you eat beignet through. >> Oh, that's fine. >> What's the leftover? >> All right. So, if you want to get more, that's fine. I don't know. >> Well, waited. >> Liam and I need Yeah. Well, it goes down pretty quick. >> Or we can just go. >> It is 8:23. >> Oh, where? >> Oh, Liam, you wanted to go see the arcade, didn't you? >> Yeah, it's around the corner. Let's go down there by Lewis. >> Okay. >> The alligator. >> He's meeting with people. Please don't stop the music. >> Please don't stop the music. >> Yeah, don't stop it. Don't stop it. >> With cherries on top. >> Yeah. We're certainly going to stop the music in a little bit so we can do some trivia as we've got for trivia. >> Well, they're Martyra style. So, make sure you're here. >> Oh, there's Lewis there. >> Boy, he's got quite the line. >> He's a popular gator. >> He's only got five more minutes. There he is. >> What? >> Till he goes in for a break. >> The gator's got to take a break, too. >> Come on, bud. Come here, bud. >> All right, here's the arcade. >> We got to see the person that know. >> Yeah. watching from Chicago airport. Needed a tranquil Tuesday. Yeah, I bet. Which which airport? O'Hare >> or Midway. Oh, they got ski ball. Oh, B Street News. >> Yes, sir. Oh, pinball in here. >> Yep. >> I love that. >> Angry Bird. We got Angry Bird. >> Yes, sir. I think it's I think that's the end of it. This is the rest of the Oh, this is the lobby. Oh, look. That goes into the lobby. Huh? That's the check-in area. All right. That just goes right back into the lobby there. How fun is that? >> Okay. >> GTV Japan is going to post a documentary video about Legend of Zelda. That's fun. So, where are we going? Want to go back where we came? Okay. >> Yeah, you did play this. >> Those are so fun. I actually was bought that cuz I thought it was I thought they were fun, but then I looked up. They're like those are like 10 grand or more. >> Yeah, the one I have is great. >> Hey, Mom. How's it going? >> Is mom in the chat? Uh oh. Yeah, this is mom. Hi. How's it going? >> Hey, mom. >> Sorry, I didn't see didn't see uh that you said it was mom until just now. Uh, okay. >> You two just hiccuped. Isn't that weird? That's I I noticed that the numbers are lower than normal. So, I want I wondered if it was hiccuping. There was a lot lower numbers than normal. Isn't it only drive car? >> Yeah. No, you're good, buddy. >> No. Come on. >> You can drive this car. >> Can you drive a car that's driving? >> No. >> Okay. >> Yep. You got to wait in line, bud. >> I think he's Is he almost done, Louis? >> Uh, yes. He'll be back out at 9. >> At 9:00. Okay. That's why they said he was on the hour. Okay, perfect. >> Yeah, I don't think we'd make it if we got in line now. >> His last. Okay. >> Or this is so cool. Yeah, >> let's go check out the band. Good idea. >> Baby, it's okay. >> Hard to get on YouTube right now. That's interesting. I wonder why. Anybody else? Has anybody else had intermittent YouTube issues? cuz we haven't had we had lag one time. Is it now is it is it just my channel or is it like uh you know our channel or is it all channels? Like is it just our video that's struggling or is it like every video? So I'm trying to figure out if I need to do something to the connection or if it's just a a YouTube issue. The t the tubes are blocked. That's what somebody was saying. They're different models for the same machine. Okay. So, they're a little bit Some are a little bit harder to to get to. Oh, YouTube's down on Roku. Okay. >> Okay. Sounds good. What, buddy? >> Oh, he wants to get he wants to type in chat. >> Here, you can do it. Here. Just um apparently YouTube's not working very well right now for some people. It's working fine on my phone. Here, just be nice when you type and I know you will be, but All right. Make sure he doesn't delete anything. If If Liam accidentally moderates somebody's chat, I'm sorry. No, he's he's pretty good about that kind of stuff. He knows how to do it. YouTube's indeed down. It just tries again. I'm fine now. Wow. I'm sorry, guys. I wonder why the numbers are dropping like that. It's weird. Normally, I think last year we had quite a few people watching this when people really enjoyed it. So, I was like, "Oh, people are busy tonight or maybe Olympics or who knows, but no, it's just not working. No working. No working. Oh, looks like the band's on break. Yours is working. I had trouble on my phone. Wow. I was having connection trouble, too, earlier. But anyway, well, all right. Atmosphere in here is so impeccable. All right. I don't want to hang out too long if the band's not there, but no. So, they're probably on break till Oh, maybe now. 8:30. Oh, here they come. Sweet. Let's see if we can see them for a second. Crashing on Simon. This stream is so popular YouTube fell apart. Yeah, it had to be us. Totally wasn't all the gaming streamers with millions millions of subs. Hey, Mom. It's been fine for me. I've been watching since the beginning. So, maybe it's only a year I'll come back. Maybe it's only certain areas. Who knows? >> This is outside the parking lot. >> They have a band. They haven't quite started back up yet. Here's the bar. >> Here we go. >> Thank you guys for hanging out with us today. We're really not here on Tuesdays, but we just had to come and celebrate with you guys every Thursday through Sunday. Come check us out right here. We're going to do a little set we might call a children set. >> So if you guys know anything about the old school music Send me up my Keep trying to tell me my answer >> to all Easter said my Oh my god. I said mother wish you because you keep on me now said nothing is do a high class. Why not baby? Nice. >> I better find better find the fan. But they are really good. >> That is the band that's usually here. So that's cool to hear them. They they do have a couple different members here and there every once in a while. But they uh they sound great. Very tight. But I mean obviously they play together a lot, but I love how tight the the whole ensemble is. And just like with the rhythm kind of the stop and start, the stop and go, you know, they just kind of like stop on a dime. That's pretty cool. Super tight. I dig it, as they say. They're very good. Everybody's saying YouTube's wonky. Well, I'm sorry to hear that, guys. Yeah, they're really good. >> Yes, I did. I saw your message. Good job. I didn't get to cuz we were doing the um I can scroll back to it. Uh we we were showing the band here. Here, hold on a second. Yeah, they're having trouble. So, if YouTube's not working, right? >> Hi. This is the smiley face I was talking about. Or you can use Oh, this for And for sad, you can use that. And to wink, you do that. Yeah, that's right, buddy. Good job. >> Dad taught me how to add the nose. >> Do what? >> Yeah, you taught me how like how to use the dashes, the nose, but uh >> you knew the rest of it. >> The rest from my friends. >> Okay. Well, I'm I'm glad I was able to help a little bit. >> So, what what's what's your guys' plan? >> You want You going to start heading out? >> What's your plan? >> I don't really have a plan right now. I'm probably going to start heading back here pretty soon, too. I don't cuz um YouTube's not working right. So, we got um a lot of people that can't even watch. They said apparently the stream's fine, but the homepage is not working, so nobody can find the stream. And the numbers are fluctuating between 1500,600,200. It's like it's all over the map. >> Well, um, okay. >> Global outage with YouTube. Wow. So, yeah, we can probably start wrapping it up. >> What? One more thing. So, what is that? >> I'm good. I I just do a little pass through the Martyra area again and then we'll I think we can call it a night. >> Clean the way. >> Okay. Oh, the fountains and Oh, the the coins and stuff here. Look at all the coins, buddy. >> I'm sure someone goes in there every night and picks out all >> I'm glad it's working for you, Ticker Tail. Yeah. What' you say, bud? >> I want to go in there and pick up. Where do we get the points? >> I don't know. >> How to get rich. >> Some people it's working for. Yeah, that's true, buddy. A lot of times they take those out of there and they donate them to a charity. I'm not sure which charity though. Maybe Give Kids the World. I don't know. >> Yeah. Um, Max from Little House is your name is Max. I'm talking about my name is Max. Can you do this? >> Yes. >> Or any other name? And Max. Um he basically uh had like this big allowance >> really like anyone else for trivia. >> Yeah. Dad says his YouTube account on TV is gone. weird >> right here for Marty Gro first hand up in the air with the right answer is walking away with the prize. It's that simple. But if you yell out the answer, disqualified and if you raise your hand, you >> can only ask us what you're subscribed to and if you haven't started the stream, it can't be started. I'm >> going to point at you. >> Okay, cool. So, so just just know that if you raise your hand and you don't have an answer, we're all gonna point at you. So, don't put your hand up. >> We're all gonna laugh. >> You have one. >> Okay, >> everybody get it. Yes or yes? >> Now, take that one hand and wave to Anthony right here. >> Because she will be in charge of picking whose hand went up first. So, you know how it goes. If she can't see you, well then how does she know you're moving up in the air? All right. So, make sure you can see her, she can see you, and you put your thinking caps on. Are >> these ready? >> Okay. >> Are these guys right here? >> I have the official. >> Oh, good question. >> No, they're two people, but they go together. Tweedle Num and Tweedle D. I believe they're brothers. >> Then why >> search still works? Okay, good. What's this in the moment? >> Um, nothing. They just kind of go together. >> It's probably from a cutout and they just they just cut them out. >> After playing what did Kristoff try to propose to Anna the first time? >> Round of applause for >> All right, last one. >> Very fun night. >> Very fun. >> Super glad. Thank you. >> This is the merch team. >> Yep. Merchandise. >> Merchandising. >> Merchandis. >> Merchandise. >> The jungle. >> What is mom? >> She's behind us. >> Oh, hi. >> She's over there. >> Down and play. Wait, I can win an umbrella. Oh, and she's sticking her tongue out. >> Liam asked all the questions I want to ask. Hey, why not? >> Everybody stretch a little bit. >> This is great. >> You were asking all the questions that they in the chat somebody wanted to ask. >> All right, >> what >> how much money does borrow from Nani so she can adopt Stitch? >> Oh, >> $2 is correct. All right. >> Those are cool. >> We can go that way. Almost goes the same way. >> Yes. Yes. Exactly. It goes out to the >> different way >> out to the river. >> So, does the river feed the pool? >> No. >> I want my $2, David said. >> Yeah. Do you >> Well, you can take a picture with it. You actually had pictures when you were really little with it. Here. Hold on. >> You done? >> Yeah. When I was looking for thumbnail pictures, I found that instead, which were cute, but I couldn't use them as a thumbnail. >> Wait. >> Got you, bud. >> Actually, I'm going to have one of you guys hold the stream and I'm going to put my little sweatshirt on. Oh, you want to do the banjo? Okay. Banjo Gator here. Smile. >> There we go. Okay. Good job, buddy. Good job. Do you like my boat? >> I do. Oh, you got to do the sax the saxophone gator. >> Oh, you're going to make you're going to get between him so he hits you with the symbols. I love it. It's a cra it's a crash, Liam. It's actually playing the sax. >> All right, here we go. Smile. >> Nice. Waka waka the sexopon gator. Do you hear the song? >> No. >> I think it's the one that they sounds similar to the one they dance to. >> Oh, how fun. >> What is this? >> Pool. The pool. >> Why does it say Marty Gro? >> Marty Gro. That's what we're doing right now. >> Says >> Oh, that it's spelled It's spelled It's French. It's spelled G R A S, but it said Gro. The S is silent. So, yeah. >> So, the party goes till 10:00. Uh, we're going to go ahead and check out because obviously we both have school tomorrow, so we don't want to be out too late, but the party does go until 10:00. So, we're glad you guys were able to join us for um for our part of the party. And uh yes, we will wait for you. >> What? >> Liam and I just got going pretty quick here. Okay. I'd like to put my sweater on. Liam, do you want to hold the stream? Or >> Steph, do you want to hold it? >> Okay. >> Wait, give mom your drink. Let's do both hands. There you go. Good job. Right here. >> Heads up, people. >> All right, >> I'm a small person. >> You're You're an awesome small person, though. >> Resort Hopper 1971 with a weird swirly a. Good night. Islands. Did I say that right? Islands. Or is that lint? H. Island. >> Oh, I think they mean silent. >> Oh. >> Or just lint cuz lint begins to mine. >> How long does the party go till? >> Well, they said crafts. Uh, well, they said um >> it said 10, right, Dad? 10. >> Like 10ish. >> Cool. >> Yes. >> Yes. Cool. >> Did you bring a sweater for everybody? >> Uh, the whole family. >> The S is silent. Oh, that's funny. He put island because the S is silent. I like that. I like that a lot. Hello, Liam. Dot hand dash pink dashwave dot dot. I like that. Hi Liam. This is Mimi. Hi. Waving emoji. Hi. Lol. He got it quick. >> Hit a wave. Did you hear that? >> Yeah. >> Good job, Liam. How old are you now? Nine. You're 12. >> Liam got Watch your step. Don't fall off the thing. Um, there's a sea serpent water slide over here. >> Uh, you see it? >> I guess I've never seen it. >> You did awesome tonight, Liam. Thank you. >> Look. >> Hey, look. >> He's too short. >> It's a big big sea water slide. >> Liam is taking over. Yes. >> But it's not Ariel, right? >> Hi, Liam. Are you excited for the play? Yes. For those who don't know, I'm doing Descendants. And um and also if you don't know, I am playing Maurice >> here. Take one break real quick. I'll give it right back to you. I just want to show everybody the pool real quick. >> There you go. >> If I miss your message, I'm sorry. >> Pretty cool. >> Try to say your chat message. >> You got it. >> You know where you're going. >> Enjoy the stream. Have a great night. >> Thank you. Okay. Um, it it the button. The button. >> Okay. >> Oh, sorry. >> Whoa. Whoa. Wait, wait, wait. Yeah. So, you can't grab the camera like that cuz it'll do that. >> You got to be real gentle with it. >> You hand it back to dad. There you go. Good job. >> I love your hat. Thank >> good. >> Thank you. That's pretty cool. Thank you. >> Woohoo. Liam from Mimi and Poppy. Thank you. Good job, Liam. Thank you. You're such a kind boy, Liam. Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Hello everybody. You're doing great. >> So, we're taking the boat. >> Uh, we can How to How to >> What? >> I don't know how to say that. I'm I'm sorry. >> Oh, the message Sasigula. >> Oh. Oh, that's >> taking the Sasigula boat. >> Yeah, I like the question mark. Question mark question mark. >> I don't know which one. >> That exactly explains What I was how I was trying to say it back in the boat thingy. >> The boat dock is right there with two. >> Byebye YouTube. >> Well, that seems kind of >> down right now. Oh, yeah. >> Cuz then we'd have to directly go on boats, but we >> My dad told me it's called YouTube because there's like a tube and a computer. >> Yeah. >> Thank you for all for joining in tonight for the party fun. Yes. I like your hat. This is Whoa. Nina. Did I say that right? >> Awesome, dude. >> Hi. YouTube is down for two five 00. You're a good vlogger, Liam. Thank you. Oh, no. Is the stream over? No. >> No. We're walking back to Riverside and then we'll end it. >> All right. You want to You want to hand it back to me or you got it? >> I've got it. Oh, mom wants you to hand it back, I think, so we can we can get you back a little quicker. >> Aha. >> Is that okay? >> That way we can walk a little quicker. It's You're doing great. >> Oh, no. This is the pace. >> This is the pace. Okay. Oh, hey, Proud Pedri. No, the stream's not over, but yeah. Um, >> said it's 0. >> That's a lot. We're on our way back to the Riverside where we parked. Liam, thank you for reminding us to do random acts of kindness. Yes, Proud Proud Patriot. Absolutely. YouTube is down. I didn't see it. >> Z000000. >> Okay, bud. Oh. >> Oh, 250,000. Okay. Interesting. >> Oh, >> well, I'm sure they'll I'm sure they'll fix it cuz they um the amount of viewers we lose is nothing compared to I'm sure the millions of dollars that YouTube if we'll lose if they're down for very long. >> Shadow looks like a cat. >> You have a cat shadow. Nice. >> Especially with my hat with yours. It does kind of >> somebody said there's a backup. Okay, good. >> Um >> I'm glad. >> I also want to say um they uh so I uh have um a joke to answer a question. The question is why does the moon look like cheese? >> Why? >> So the moon there's the moon and uh there are some aliens. The first alien says cheesy humor is the best. And then the other one says, um, yeah, right. And then the other one says, hey, it's an asteroid. And it's like, mind if we, um, >> visit for a little bit? >> Yeah, bud. >> And the and the moon's like, "Sure. You guys always leave a good impression." >> Oh, that's a good one, bud. >> I guess we could have taken that boat. Oh, well, >> now we now we definitely can. >> How fun. >> It's all decorated. >> Thanks, Dizdream or Kim. >> At the time of writing, down detector logged over 280,000 people. Yeah, >> everybody practice your princess wave. >> I'm good at it. >> Yeah, good job, buddy. Well, people if they missed it tonight because they couldn't get on to it, people will um see the the we play. We're going to watch the we play. They see the we play tomorrow. That'll be a very good day. The replay. They're going to watch the replay. >> Imagine someone opens a door and does this. Shabam. And that's how you open a door. >> Yeah, >> the stream has been fine except for one lag a half hour ago. The homepage seems to be the problem. If you have the channel in your favorites, you can go to it and watch. Okay, cool. Well, and some I think the other problem is some people are saying that that their account is not showing up on the TV. Uh like dad even texted me and said his account wasn't showing up. So, there might be a lot of people who turned on their TV and couldn't figure out what's going on cuz YouTube wouldn't wasn't logged in and they just you may have gotten frustrated and just turned it off. I mean, I get it. It's understandable if it's late and you've already had a long day and you're like, can't figure this out. Oh, well, we'll fix it later. Like, I totally get that. So, no worries if you if you're watching the replay the next day or the next day or two and you're like, "Oh, I don't know why I couldn't find it or I couldn't get on to it was live." Well, that's why we have replays. >> Also, >> hold on. Hold on. I died. Here we go. >> I don't know what's wrong with that. >> You died. >> I didn't die, but the the the tubes that bring the interwebs died. Tubes. >> There you go. Thanks, Dad. >> There you go. Tubes. Tubes. No. No. You tube. That's exactly what I was thinking. >> Okay, we are back. Sorry, I had to reset everything. Everything's having trouble. >> And we're back. I did Danny Tanner. >> So, yeah. Somebody said they just picked the public or they just picked the guest account and kept going. I wonder if the too many people are watching the new Mandalorian and Grou trailer. I I don't Yeah, this sounds like like somebody misconfigured a server. I almost bet all my IT people will will uh will probably verify this for me. I almost bet it's a DNS issue. They always somebody will update something and change a DNS address for a server and then all of a sudden some core service doesn't work because YouTube detects that some server that it needs is not reachable. Uh if you're a Transformer fan like me and we are talking about movies, >> uh there is a Transformer movie coming out in 2027 >> and it's live action, >> so you might not want to show like >> materials because it's PG-13, but it's the Rise of Unicron and it's like supposed to be like IRL. >> Yeah. And uh it's like the next in the series and it has all the characters. It has uh it has uh who played >> Mark who >> and both >> and J both and whoever played with >> Wait, you guys can't hear us. Okay, that's okay. >> Sorry, guys. I I don't know why there's no sound. Um, close the stream and reopen. Everybody, close the stream and reopen. >> How can they hear you? >> Somebody who can hear me say close. Tell everybody to close the stream and open again, maybe. All right. 1,000 likes. We got it. Even with even with all the crazy YouTube stuff, we still hit 1,000 likes cuz you guys are awesome. All right, I I just restarted the stream again. >> The bats. >> Yes. All right, so let me let me talk about I don't see any bats. They're out hunting now cuz it's night. >> No, they only hunt the ducks and dawn. >> Oh, okay. Well, there you go. Either way, uh or maybe they're sleeping now then. All right. So, definitely check out our awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below, but we've got mickeytras.com if you want to book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World. It's mickeyras.com again. Mickeyas.com. That's right. >> You could be here next year for Marty Gro. >> Yeah. So, go check out mickeytravels.com. They also have mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. So, mickeyras.com >> and mickeyblog.com. Go check them out everybody. Again, mickeyras.com and mickeyblog.com >> for news. >> That's right. And then the other thing is we have um resort tv1homes.com. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, that's resortk tv1homes.com. >> Homes overhead. >> That's right. Resorttv1homes.com and I didn't know it. >> That's right. Okay. >> So, >> so resort tv1homes.com. If you have if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, just check out resorttv1homes.com. Definitely will help you find the dream home. Sorry, I keep repeating myself cuz I can't I can't think. Okay. And my my my brain is a little frazzled from a long day. I did have some I did have a couple unfortunate things happen at school, which I won't go into, but it was a rough day at school, too. So So, of course, I won't, but I'm just saying my brain's a little frazzled from a long day. So, um >> I I will say with Resort TV one homes, we only do sales. We in Florida, there's not a lot of help with rentals outside of Rent.com and Airbnb and stuff like that. But if you have questions, our agents can absolutely try to help answer them. >> Good. All right. Excellent. Yes. So, uh, we also have, um, if you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, check out David's DVC rentals at dvcrequest.com/tv. That's dvcreest.com/tv. Tell them Resort TV1 sent you. Again, David's DVC rentals. DVCrequest.com/tv. Also, um we have um what's the other one? Oh, Behind the Ride. If you want to check out, um and figure out how all your favorite attractions were created, just check out Behind the Ride on Amazon. Again, that is Behind the Ride on Amazon. Go check it out. And not just that, but also go check out um Disney Demystified where there's an audio book on Amazon, too. So, Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified. So, definitely check it out, everybody. behind the Ride and Disney Demystified. And then we also have Dreamtable, which is an awesome app that helps you make reservations. Okay, Dreamtable. It's pretty over there. All right, so Dreamtable.co or Dreamtable on the App Store. All right, go check it out. dream dreamtable.co and dreamtable on the app store. Check it out. All right. And we also have what's the last one? Oh, um, Layer 1 Technology. Go check out if you if you need um, IT support for your small or medium business, check out support at layer onetone technology.com. Again, support layer onetone techchnology.com. Go check them out. All right, bud. Thanks for all the sponsors. Thanks for hanging out with us. Um, we also have We're almost done. We also Liam We also have um um here. Stand over here for a second. There we go. We also have um something else. I I just can't think for a second. Um we also have um I lost it. I don't know. I don't know what I'm trying to say. I'm done. Oh, platinum members. That's what I was going to say. We have platinum members. Um they are pretty awesome and they will support us with $50 a month on YouTube. Also, we got very generous um support from Proud Patriot today and uh we appreciate that so much and some others as well. Lots of memberships and uh Grey Rose joined uh platinum and we had a couple other membership milestones. So, thank you so much everybody for all that. Super super cool. So, let me go ahead and thank our platinum members. There we go. Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Stephanie Mertz, Love Go Mini, Diane 515, Jack Spar, Sorcerer Mickey, William Lily, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, The Amazing Jaylen Moxley, Cicander Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali, Barismo, and Alan J. So, thank you everybody. All of our platinum members. Okay, >> platinum. >> All right, Liam, sorry, I had to I had to think for a second. Now, you can you can say whatever you need to say. Okay, that way I I wanted to thank all those people. >> I just want to give a thumbs up. >> Oh, you can give thumbs up. Okay, that's fine. >> Can everyone tap the screen in 3 2 1 >> tap? >> Tap the bop button. Pop the tap. >> Um, and also I want to say when you guys were muted. >> Yeah. uh that there's a if you like are into Transformers with a staring aggressive very intense passion um there's a new movie coming out in theaters on 2027 >> uh and um it it has um >> Mark Wahberg >> Mark Wahberg uh the other person >> Sha and uh whoever plays Sam Wiki they are all going to be in the movie and it's about the rise of Unicron and >> crossover with GI Joe. >> Yes. >> Super cool. I can't wait. That's going to be fun. >> Yeah, >> I love that. Also, apparently Hasbro was doing an apology tour. That was real, Liam. Where they're saying, "We're sorry we we're sorry we scarred your childhood." Those of us who were around when during the initial early days in 1986 when Optimus Prime was killed within 10 minutes of the first movie starting. >> I know people. This so funny. A lot of people, somebody in the comments are like, "I'm still talking to my therapist about it." Like, it's a, you know, it was so weird as a kid, though, to go there and be like, "Wait, what? They killed the main character like right away." But anyway, >> apparently it was so that they could sell toys. >> Yeah. >> So, now they have an now they have an apology tour. >> Yeah. to sell uh it was to sell uh uh Nemesis and that and there's also have anyone who has watched the last episodes in season 4 which is me um and some other people I don't know but um there is head masters where they take off their heads and they become their own trans family friendly dude. Yeah, that's okay. It's it's it's fine, dear. That it's robots taking off their head. It's good. All good. Robots. >> So, yeah. I think I think mom wants to go, bud. But, uh I love I love all the transformer talk. It's so fun. >> Unless you want to check out the store in here. >> We can No, we didn't really. >> Um so, I wanted to read this really quick. It's um you guys did great, even though it was challenging. This is mom. Well, thanks, Mom. Appreciate that. All right. Oh, something just hit me. All right. Well, let's go. Let's go in here and do the store real quick and then we'll then we'll say good night. Well, I'm glad you're excited about the movie, Liam. >> Yes, I am very excited. >> All right. So, so again, anybody who needs to watch the replay, um, I'm glad that we have one because it looks like there's a lot of people that can't get on right now. So, >> so press that button with the backwards arrow. >> It should work. If it doesn't, I don't know. >> This way, Liam. >> It's okay. homepage is fixed. Okay, good. I'm glad they fixed it. For some people, it's probably not usually takes a while to propagate fixes to worldwide. They got to send it through several different servers and things and stuff. I don't understand. And >> no, I was I was talking about how how they fix YouTube. >> Those are cool. >> Oh, yeah. For sure. Proud Patriot. Thank you. so much for being here and thank you again for your kindness and yeah, it's our pleasure to host everybody. >> So, look, we got Huey, Dewey, and Louie over here. And then we got Morty and Fertie, the nephews. So, who >> and Donald's got a box on it. It said Huey, Dewey, and Lou, Donald's nephews. Okay. All right. And then we have Goofy and Morty and Fertie. A lot of people don't know their nickname. Yeah. So, Mickey's nephews are Morty and Fertie. There's only two of them. They're help They're helping Goofy. The YouTube out of memes on X are hilarious. I bet they are. >> Where's who? >> Where they from? >> Uh just different Mickey Mouse cartoons. He had his nephews where he'd have to watch them. Uh and they they they'd have fun, but they'd also, you know, they're kids, so they'd get into a little bit of trouble and Mickey would have to try and straighten them out and, you know, they were good boys. Um okay, $4.99 from Josh Ferguson. Thanks for taking the time to talk to us on Saturday from the other Josh and Steph. A so great to meet you guys again or see you guys again. Steph, um there was another Josh and Steph that I ran into uh in Magic Kingdom and they were just saying hi in the chat and sending a super chat. Well, thank you guys. It's great. >> Can I show you something? >> Oh, Mortimer was the mouth was the name. >> Yes. >> What was originally going to use and uh Lillian correctly said, "No, no, that's not as endearing as the name as as Mickey." Mortimer ended up being the villain in the Mickey in the Mickey cartoons. So that was pretty cool. >> What buddy? >> I would say I remember a friend. >> He does. >> Sort of. Yeah, he still he still causing a little trouble. >> Mortimer. Yeah, he has the fast car and the fancy hair and everything. >> It's back up. Okay, good. Oh, there's more people coming on. I'm glad that it's working. >> The tubes are fixed. >> They fixed the tubes. Welcome back everybody. I'm glad they got it fixed. >> Liam's gonna show us some things. What you got, bud? >> Baymax, you got to you got to hold it back a little bit. There we go. >> Oh, yeah. >> Cool, dude. >> Here. Where you insert >> this one? >> Nice. Baymax, >> Daisy. >> Good job. >> Power him down. >> I Oh, you you tweeted YouTube and they fixed it. That was nice of them. That was super nice of them. So, have you seen these pillow pads? They're They're fun. >> Yeah. I have a Mickey one. >> Sort of. Don't you? >> Yeah. >> They got some board games here. >> Oh, now this is something you can only get here. >> They actually do have fishing here. And it actually says fishing the day away. Portal lines Riverside. How fun. This is the kind of stuff I love. This is the shirt you can only get here. And it just I don't know when you go to a place like for a while they had all the same shirts at all the same resorts and stuff and I don't know it's just cool that's like hey you can only get this shirt here it gives a little bit of exclusivity and and you know makes it more special I think. >> Oh look at that mug. That's fun. >> How are you going to drink it? >> I don't say it was practical. I just thought it was fun. >> So this looks like a magnet but it's not. >> I don't know. Very good. >> Very good, bud. Good job. >> Thank you. >> You want me to get baby? >> Okay. >> You done? >> I do like Oh, this is nice. >> He said, "Okay, like you were done." >> That's done. But then this is the UV shirt. Like a white beach over shirt. >> Could be. Does it say it is though? >> I don't have to say it. >> Well, sometimes they're sometimes they have the same material, but they're not UV blocking. >> I don't think it is. It looks pretty sheer. >> I agree. >> I don't know. Don't buy it for me. >> Well, I I can buy it for you. I just want to make sure it actually >> That's not true. Don't make me look bad. I'm just saying it doesn't look like it's It doesn't look like it's UV protection because it's like kind of like see-through. Oh my gosh. >> What? >> Um, Adam the Woo Sister just posted that they um they they dedicated a a bench in celebration to him. >> A that is nice. >> How cool. >> Oh, that's a great hat, buddy. I love that. >> And also, >> she's trying to make me look bad, guys. I'm just kidding. Trying to make me look like I don't buy her stuff. All right. >> No, she does like those UV shirts. >> Mickey Mouse. >> Oh, yeah. Oh, she found her cookies. >> Okay. >> I'm finding these from the secrets of the universe. >> Nice. >> Yeah. >> Oh my gosh. You can open his mouth. >> He's very angry. Anyone here going to YouTube? Narnia, I couldn't get on here for about an hour and apparently was a worldwide issue. Yeah, a lot of people were like some people obviously were in here, but a lot of people were not able to watch. So, no worries if that was you. We we understand. I know it was probably frustrating. Oh, yeah. I didn't see that. He got he got the crazy eyes, doesn't he? >> He's like, >> I love his porn. >> There you go. tomorrow wants two cookies. Two bags for Steph. Yeah, that's nice. Two bags for Steph. Hi. >> Big fans from Buffalo, New York. Watch you all the time. >> Awesome. >> We get a quick picture with you. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Come on in. >> Thanks for everything you do. >> It's our pleasure. Appreciate it. >> Yeah. You guys have fun. >> So, um, yeah, I think >> Oh my god, I've seen that. >> Um, >> yeah, YouTube works again. >> Oh, two two bags of cookies for Steph and two for the break room. That's what I was Yeah, that's cool. And Mara said, "Could you get two bags of cookies for you and then two for the mopper break room?" >> Oh, sure. Moper break room. >> Oh, those are pixel art, aren't they, bud? >> I love pixel art. >> Very cool. >> Yeah, they must have fixed it cuz we gained a few hundred people, a couple hundred people back. So good. Well, it's working for the end. I like it. Anyh who, >> me likey. >> Me likey. Thank you for joining us tonight, guys. It's been fun. We appreciate you being here even though there were some issues and things and stuff, but we we we made it work. So, >> have a seat. >> Yep. And we can end it here. That's perfect. All right. Well, again, thanks for watching. I already said Oh, careful with your hat, bud. It's okay. >> You're all right. >> You don't put it back on. >> It's okay. >> All right. Good. Well, again, thank you for watching, everybody. We'll see you next time. Um, so we will uh Oh, yeah. There there are a lot more people joining us. So, if you had trouble with the stream, definitely just go back and watch the replay and you'll see everything. But, >> oh, look, we have 1,7 >> 76 77. >> Oh, there you go. You're right. You got me. That's uh how many likes there are. And then it shows you how many they're watching right there. >> 1,00 1,2600 minutes. Yeah. 1,210. >> Good job. >> You watch the Olympics, too. That's fun. >> Thanks, everybody. Thanks, Jay. Thanks, Jeff. Um, so, um, I won't be live tomorrow. I might have like a video from the stream. Like, I might post another recap from the stream. There's a couple videos I want to post from the 24-hour stream as little recaps. But, uh, we'll see. But, Jenna is not going to be streaming tomorrow cuz she's on a cruise. And I have, um, I have, uh, family stuff and Liam's got rehearsal tomorrow. So, there won't be a stream tomorrow. But, uh, we are going to send you guys to the 24-hour stream and so you can enjoy some 24/7 Resort TV1 and, uh, definitely check that out. Also, check out, um, the RetroTV1 tech. We are going to do the arcade reveal one of these days. Liam's going to help me out with that. Um, and we're going to do that. Probably be the next video on there cuz we just been way overdue. >> And my stop motion. >> Yeah, we'll see. Yeah. Yeah. We'll have to see on that on the stop motion, but might be able to share it somehow. And then the um and then Jenna has adventures of Jenn and Dale. So, they had their video up about their pipes bursting, which was a big or not bursting, but the leaking. They had to replace all their pipes. So, that was no fun, of course. But anyway, so go check out all the channels. Of course, we got Resort TV1 Homes as well. Even though we're not posting, there's still a lot of good stuff on there, so you can check that out. So, all right, everybody. Again, thank you everybody for being so generous. Thank you, uh, Proud Patriot. Thank you again so much. And to everybody else, we appreciate you all so much. We'll see you very soon. And, um, we will, uh, we will selfie. There you are. Okay, the funny thing is one of the first stream that we had Jenna on was here at Port Orleans, so Riverside. So, it's like in this very well, the next room over, but close enough to this very room. So, anyway, we got to get Liam home. So, we'll see you guys um on the next one. Probably Friday Night Live. >> Tomorrow. >> You got to go to school tomorrow. >> Smiley face. >> That's right. Did you want to you want to tell everybody anything, Steph? >> Nope. I think you covered. >> I did cover it. All right, cool. All right, good. Just want to make sure. All right, everybody. We will see you very soon. All right. Yep. Nice app. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Bye. >> All right. Hang on.
