---
video_id: 08_zOACxmdo
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Tranquil Tuesday - Riding Boats around the Magic Kingdom Resorts - 3-31-26"
published: 2026-03-31
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08_zOACxmdo
---
Hey, we matched. >> Oh, yeah. Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I am live here at Disney's Polynesian Village Resort. We're going to do some boat riding around the resorts. Boat hopping if you will. So, we'll do a little Disney Magic Kingdom Resort. Boat resort hopping. Or again, I think boat hopping is a is a wonderful way to say it. So, thank you for joining me. Please remember to hit that like button right below the video and also subscribe if you're new. Join the community. It's totally free and we'd love to have you. And on Tuesdays, if you're curious or if you're new or you're watching this for the first time, what is this? We do these walkound streams all the time where we walk around the resorts, we walk around the parks, we do rides, we do shows, we do just resort ambiance like this, we do all kinds of stuff. And uh you can join us. All you have to do is subscribe, hit the like, and all the things. That's it. Easy peasy. So, join us and enjoy the stream. >> Just finished dinner, so didn't have time to do much else than throw the camera on the gimbal. And here we go. I stayed a little bit late to help with jazz band today. So, I was I was wanted to do that as long as I could and then I had to head out for the stream. So, hi Noel, Janice, Jay, Silent Dan, Jin, you've been busy with your move. Oh, really? Okay. The kids and I are moved to Orlando. That's so fun. Goodbye New York City. Wow. I've been re-watching not so scary streams. How fun. All right. >> Sorry, we get around here. >> It got really, really bright. Somebody was asking if they were checking to see if we're staying at the resorts to use the transportation. I thought it was just the buses, but if it's the boats, this might be uh this might turn into a Magic Kingdom stream, which is fine. So, we'll see. I think it's just the buses from Disney Springs that they've added the uh Magic Band check. So, we'll see. Cuz it was funny. I actually heard some cast members talking about this. They're a little the I I obviously, you know, didn't even know their name, so I can't say their names at all. So, they're they're not going to get in trouble for me saying this, but I was walking in and heard some cast members that were saying basically they're frustrated because now, you know, used to be when the when when uh cast members told guests they couldn't park at the resorts, um they would just say, "Go to Disney Springs and take a bus." That was the standard line. If they want to check out the resort, it's like, "Yeah, yeah, just go to Disney Springs, take a bus, it'll be good. You just can't park here cuz our parking is reserved for people with guests and res guests of the resort and reservations." Everybody said, "That makes sense." and they would just go to Disney Springs, which has plenty of parking and and you know, off we go. And then that way the parking is saved for the the resort guests. But unfortunately for you, >> um they changed it to the bus thing. So cast members were frustrated about that. But anyway, at least the ones I was listening to. They were just like, "Wait, now what are you supposed to tell them?" So who knows? So I totally get it both ways actually, but I just don't know what's going to happen. We'll see. >> Good evening, everybody. Sorry, I need to get to a place where I can actually see. There we go. All right, Joystate. Hello. Hey, Lesie. Ally. Let's see here. There we go. All right. >> Mary McCascco, good evening. Let's see. Ira said hi to her. Just seeing if anybody said anything about the uh resorts. Have you been to Epcot? Our neighborhood high school will be marching in the parade. Lakes Shore Lancers. Nice. Hello from Stormy, Rainy, Wisconsin. Oh, yeah. Do you not like the weather in Wisconsin? Wait five minutes. Yeah, for sure. All right. Yeah, Mario Galaxy is going to be fun. Hey, James Han, how are you? Is that just for this week? Are your travel agents? I don't know. Maybe. May. I I haven't heard anything about when or why they're doing it. We'll see if they're doing it for the boats. Like I said, if if they are, then I'll just we'll just have to get to Magic Kingdom and hang out there. But either way, we have a plan no matter what. Enjoy. >> All right. Sorry. I was trying to finish finish my uh trying to finish my coke. So peaceful. Uh, no. No Retro TV1 tech video. No, not right now. No, haven't had any time to do that. I did post a new Resort TV1 video today that most people didn't see. So, go check that out. relaxing stroll video that I filmed at Hollywood Studios and I got more where that came from. So, uh I did do that. I guess let's go back and head on the boat. I just uh it was a nice little stroll through here. Give me uh just a second. Yeah. So, I posted a new video today on Resort TV1, but yeah, I hope eventually retro will have some videos. But I got this relaxing stroll. It didn't even get 1,000 views today. Wow. It got less than the small world ride video that I did. I'm not sure what's going on with those. I don't know. I feel like our channel is dying. I was talking to our YouTube person yesterday. We have a new YouTube rep and it was like our numbers this beginning of the year are like lower than they've ever ever ever been. So, I don't know. Maybe we need to do something different. But even posting a relaxing stroll, which used to do pretty good with the views, it didn't get hardly anything today. So, I'm like, "Oh, I guess maybe I just need to put those on the the other channel and just be done with it." We'll see. Yep. Easter's on Sunday. That makes it a busy week. Oh, you're very welcome, Candy. Hey, Christopher. Hey, Summer. give away cash all the YouTube people. Yeah, cuz yesterday Jenna I opened her stream and she had like three people watching, which wasn't true. Of course, you would never, you know, would never have a stream with just three people watching, you know, after we've been doing it this long and have so many people, but and even I saw Janelle was about the same, you know, so I don't know. She had like five or six people. So like, and then it finally changed. So, I don't know. Maybe that's tied to it. Who knows? Just have to just have to figure it out. I guess it just makes me question how viable this is in the long term if it keeps going down. We'll see. But I don't want to keep banging my head against the wall if it's not working. But I guess that's a little deep for tonight, right? Like I'm never going to go live every day, so I can't ever compete with that. But like um even when I retire, I'm not going to do that. But we'll see. Hey Jilly. Resort TV has made my life so happy and blessed. My life wouldn't be the same without you guys. Well, thanks Jilly. I appreciate that. I was at work so I didn't get a chance to see your scroll yet. Please don't go away. You're best at it. Well, thank you. No, and I do appreciate I understand people at work, but even with people watching it at work, usually during the day it get 2, 3,000 views and then maybe another 3 4,000. You know, it would end the day with 5 6 7,000 views. And like I said, people would definitely wait till they got home to watch. But even with the people watching during the day, it would usually get 2 3 4,000. So that's why I was confused this time. Uh so I don't know. Interesting. Let's see where this one's going. But I thought they fixed the YouTube thing. Yeah. Then she ended up with like 14 or 1500, which was pretty normal, you know, for a morning stream like that. So, she Yeah, it ended up fixing itself with Jenna's numbers being like four or five people, but yeah, we'll see. I know. I missed Lulu, too. It was right there. Get those thoughts out of your head. I know. It's just hard to think. Maybe maybe we've been doing it long enough that it's people are just moving on, I guess. I don't know. Maybe. Maybe. Hi, sir. Looking for a boat ride? >> Yes, sir. >> I'll give you one moment. Get some guests off first. I'll be right back for you. >> Sounds good. >> I tried running streams at work. I collect a crowd around my uh around my cube watching my boss make me stop. That's hilarious. >> I don't see your video suggested. Yeah, that's part of the issue for sure. >> Oh, that's weird. Something a video just started playing. with my work schedule been ninja watching. No, I get that. Everybody's busy. For sure. For sure. >> Let me see if I can. Some people are moving to short form content. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. And I see I can't do that cuz my brain just doesn't work that way. All right. Looks like it's my turn. >> Appreciate that you're always going on rides at the park and love to watch what tenn brings. Well, thank you. Yeah, that's my thing. Rides and strolls. She does the shopping, does it well. >> Welcome magic followed by the grandium. >> Sounds good. >> Watch your step. >> Let's go in the back so we get a good view. >> Thanks for sailing with us. >> Watch your step. >> Okay, please take your time and watch your step. Watch your step and thanks for sailing with us. >> Watch your step. >> Please take your time and watch your step. >> On behalf of the crew, thanks for sailing with us and watch your step. I got that announcement going, don't they? >> Beautiful blue skies today. >> Take small children by the hand and watch your step. >> Please take your time and watch your step. >> Hi, Lawrence. Thank you. Hey, Kurt. >> Watch your step. >> Watch your step. Thanks for sailing. >> Okay. Goodness. Oh yeah, we're going to watch our step for sure. >> Takes all children by the hand. >> The burnt crumpet says >> that is what's going to happen. >> Uh you folks here on Reserve TV are fantastic. I absolutely enjoy your content whether I have a chance of watching it. Thank you. >> Watch your step >> or whenever I have. Thank you. Appreciate it. >> Please take your time and watch your step. Welcome aboard. For your safety, please keep your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside our boat at all times and supervise your children. Now, relax and enjoy your cruise, and we'll have you at your port of call in just a few minutes. Thanks for sailing with us. I got to definitely watch my step. Oh my goodness. That's funny. It was on a It was on a loop. Safety first. So, I guess that answers your question about the um Magic Bands and stuff going to the resorts. Well, I guess it doesn't quite. So, I have a little plan. I actually want to go into Magic Kingdom for a second. Well, more than a second probably, but for a minute. Oh, when I go see uh the Buzz Lightyear sign, I might be tempted for a laugh on the people mover. We'll see. I'm so predictable. But no, I really actually I saw last night Disney made a post about the uh Buzz Lightyear sign being up, so I thought it might be fun to see that. >> And also, tomorrow is a rocket launch, which that's pretty exciting. something we haven't done since 1972. Sending people to the moon. Not not landing on it, but going around it. Still pretty exciting. Be the furthest humans have been away from Earth since 1972, literally. I think somebody said it'll be the furthest the furthest ever, which maybe just because of the position of the moon or something. Uh maybe it's slightly they'll be slightly further out than what we were before. I think I saw somebody say that. lead away. Uh I won't be able to be live tomorrow. Liam's got theater rehearsal. Um it goes till 6:30. So I'll probably be in the parking lot of the rehearsal watching the launch. Um but so but you I'm sure you can watch the official live streams. Probably have a better view than I will. But um if Jenna wants to go live and do it, I I'll talk to her tonight and see if she is going to do it from one of the parks. That would be really cool if she wants to do it. But you know, it's up to her. So I'm excited about it. Oh, is somebody going to go over there and stream it? That'd be cool. I thought about that, too. But Fortunately, my life is too stacked up right now with stuff to do that. I would love to go over there and do that. Maybe when we do the actual landing, the first time we land on the moon. What is that going to be? Artemis 4 or something. Is that what they said? Artemis 4. I think they're going to land. Somebody joined the Hopper Bronze. Hold on. I got to I can't see. So bright. The trip is further away from the moon than Apollo orbits. Okay, cool. Uh, the burnt cruppet joined his hopper bronze. Thank you. >> Yes, it's a big rocket for sure. Apollo 13 held the record for being the furthest from the Earth. Artemis 2 will be taking a higher trajectory this puts in furthest. That's awesome. Cool for them. I bet it's kind of lonely out there, isn't it? Like there's nothing but nothing out there. Everything so far apart. Obviously, when they're they're traveling, the Earth and the Moon will still be the biggest object in the sky and the sun, too. I was wondering too, I've never seen anybody take a video directly or a picture like of the sun from space. I know they do with like special telescopes and satellites, but maybe the sun's just too bright to to see in space or like you can't look at it obviously, but maybe I don't >> we can see parts of the far side of the moon that will be much more illuminated than any human has ever seen. Wow, that's awesome. >> Yeah, it's probably too bright. It's probably dangerous to look look at probably fry the cameras even. Who knows? >> They may cancel it due to bad solar bad space weather. Oh, really? Or are we going to solar flare? Yeah, that could that could mess things up for sure. Too much radiation, I would assume. Right. >> Attention all hands. We are preparing to dock. This is a free floating vessel and docking can be bumpy at times. For your safety, if you're seated, remain seated. And if you're standing, hold on to the handrails. Please keep your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat until the captain gives you the all clear to go ashore. That's something John Jones in Las Vegas. Hello. >> 42nd floor of the Plaza. Wow. You guys do travel. Yep. Please watch your stuff. >> Capsule has a compartment under the seats where the astronauts can hide if the res if the the radiation gets too high. Oh, that's cool. Oh, it affect radio. Yeah, radio communications. That makes sense. >> Yeah. Okay. So, I will have to obviously do the um I'll have to um BRB when we go through security here. That's all right. Won't take long. Watch your dock. Watch your step and your dock. >> We got this uh version of Just Can't Wait to Be King. Sounds like it belongs on the uh Fantasmic soundtrack. It's kind of nice though. Can't uh can't deny that. All ashore. That's going ashore. >> All right. >> You are now clear to exit the boat. >> Gather all your personal items and take small children by the hand. >> Please take your time and watch your step. On behalf of the crew, thanks for sailing with us. >> Okay. >> Take small children by the hand. Watch your step. We'll >> get off here. >> So, Resort Mon. >> All right, I'll be right back. Oh, heat. Heat. Heat. Welcome back. Let's see. I got a couple super chats there and a band. Uh Sandra, Sandra, Jack, Jackie, Jackie Minman, sorry, Sandra, $10. Thank you for the awes the awesome streams. We love you from Miami. Marello and Santino. Thank you so much the both of you. $10 super chat. How you doing? >> Good. How are you? >> All right. >> Me, too. >> There you go, everyone. >> All right. >> Sorry, I was not expecting that. That actually hurt my ears. Okay. Ryan Delgmo 499. Hippo character with stars gluing his eyes, pumping his arms in the air with the word hype. Nice. Thanks, Ryan. Appreciate it. All right, so let's really quick go through and see the Buzz Light here. See, thanks Ryan for that 499 super chat. Okay. So, for all you techies out there, I've been working on the last couple days on a new new editing program. I'm getting tired of Premiere. Adobe is giving us a hard time about about uh login and stuff like that. And uh it's just been it's been a pain. So, um I'm finding Premiere and Photoshop are very slow anymore anyway. And uh so I got a recommendation to use Da Vinci Resolve and I'm liking it so far. Not quite sure I want to take the plunge and buy the 20 95, you know, $300 version yet, but it's nice because you pay for it one time, which is like unheard of in software now. So either way, I've been working on that, trying to figure that out. So that's kind of fun. But oh, I needed to do that. Sorry, the lens just kind of went wonky there for a second. All right. Hey, Manoa J. Isa Prin Kelly. How's it going, Kelly? All right. So, we won't stay long cuz I know our our goal is to hop the resorts tonight. But I just thought I I literally had already made the thumbnail and made the stream and then I saw on Facebook, one of the official Disney accounts posted that they have uh put the sign up and I was like, I want to see that. I was like, well, I will be at the Magic Kingdom Resorts. It would be very easy to go in and see the sign. So, here we are. Here we are indeed. You can stay as long as you want. Thanks, Ginger. I always try and stick stick to the plan, but sometimes plans are made to be changed. >> I was going to say if they weren't going to let me on the boat, I would have just had to >> walk to Magic Kingdom, I guess. And I could have just spent the night here. >> Yeah, I do think it's just Disney Springs, but I don't know. I I wonder how much I wonder how much non- guest non- resort guest traffic they're getting from Disney Springs. It seems like that would be mostly resort people doing that. I'm going to love what Disney did for the queue. Oh, I can't wait. I can't wait. I'm excited. I've heard heard good things. >> Signs. Signs. Everywhere. Signs. Nice. >> All right. more. >> I understand the orbit around the moon will be the furthest. That's awesome. Stephen, >> you might be a little bit behind, Stephen, but uh we talked about that a little while ago, but that's awesome. Yes, it'll be cool that it's the furthest around. Sometimes YouTube if you scroll by the stream once before it thinks that's where you want to start. And so like say you scroll by the stream. It does this to me all the time. This is how I know from experience. If you scroll by the stream like 10 or 15 minutes ago and then you you just now got to the point where you could you could really watch it and then you end up uh you end up wherever you were 10 or 15 minutes ago when you first scrolled by. >> Yeah. Castle looks great, doesn't it? Wow. >> All right. Well, let's do a castle update real quick. There you go. Look at it. It's finished. I don't know about the actual uh gray if it's going to stay this way. But it looks really nice, doesn't it? >> Surprised excited. So, I was here Saturday, just a few days ago, and they hadn't finished painting all of the turrets, and now they have clearly done that. This looks amazing. I like it. It reminds me of what it used to be. I enjoyed the pink for a while, but I think the uh the blue is very becoming the gray and blue, I should say. The gray and blue is very becoming. It'll be interesting. We're going to go down here for a second. Oh, also apparently there's a cavalcade coming. But we're also going to go and see if there is a um if the lifts are still in the moes or not. >> I guess we're going to watch the cavalcade. It's funny. Uh here, let's actually go this way. Let's go around to the other side. That way we can be in the right place. Let the magic begins again return. I don't know. We'll see. I mean, they still do the castle friendship fair show, so be interesting to see. All right, so let's check this out while we listen to uh the Move It, Shake It, Celebrate It Parade here. I forgot that was at 6:30. >> Yeah, that looks really nice, doesn't it? Heat. Heat. This song is so catchy. Agreed. >> Wow, look at that. I'll show the cattlecade. The adventure friends cattlecade. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. There you go. Camel cape. Weren't even planning on doing this. Oh, somebody's rehearsing up there. How fun. >> Wait till the music goes off and then I'll resume my castle update. Since I posted so many castle updates, I need to post the final update. I think this will be the at least what I think is maybe the final castle update. We'll see. and they still be doing some painting on it. We'll wait till the music goes off. >> They're starting to fade out. >> Very catchy. I can edit this together and post it on Monday. May or post it on Thursday, maybe. >> Uh oh, Jeff. Jeff Ga uh 5542 1999. No message. Thank you so much, Jeff, for that $20 super chat. We appreciate you very, very much. So, Jeff, thank you for the super chat. We appreciate you. Just trying to let the music die down just a little and then we'll be able to uh >> finish up here. All right. So, now that we're close to the castle, uh we can see a lot better the color here. Let's get some close-ups here just from the front area. They even did the the crisscross pattern there on both the front and the back. Looks like they still have a little more work to do uh down here. Looks like they haven't quite got it done down there, but that's uh looks very very nice. Wow, it's striking. Even against the blue sky, the darker blue really, really, really looks nice. I love that. Look at that. That's so nice. All right, let's go around. >> Wow. >> Sorry. >> All right, let's go around. >> And uh see if we can see. I'm sure the lifts are still down there. I'm sure it's still um >> I'm sure it's still uh >> the moat being drained, but we will see what the status is. And of course this is Easter week so it is very busy. All right. So, let's go back over here and see what's going on. >> Got to love that Main Street music. Yeah, they still got the list. You can see them down there. Yeah. So, I I think they've still got some work to do, but it is much closer to completion, and we have much better idea about what it's going to what it's going to look like when it is complete. But I love that they're taking time with it. I think that's, you know, it's great with something like this. You can tell there's a lot of meticulous work going on and that they're really working to make sure that it's as good as it possibly can be. So, here, there you go. >> Hey, I'm doing >> Hey, how are you? >> Good, JT. >> Yeah, JT, nice to see you. >> You guys enjoying your time? Yeah, we came down for the week to Ohio. So >> Oh, nice. >> Yeah, I saw it. >> What do you think? >> It's fine. >> Yeah, >> see you. >> All right, so we have a we have a uh >> 1999 super chat from Pat and Jeff. Thanks for being there during our Pixie Dust Blackout. We love your streams. Oh, I'm glad to be here for you, Pat and Jeff. >> All right, so you can see from the side this looks really nice. So moat's still drained, lift still there. So they still have work to do, but um >> the the juryy's still out. Let me know. It's kind of hard to see cuz we're back lit on this side. We'll have to go on the other side. Back lit meaning the sun is is is shining towards us technically right now, but just let me know if you think that this is going to get darker here, if this is going to be a darker version of gray or if it's actually going to stay just like this. Let's check it out. So let's go over here real quick. Um, and here actually, uh, because it's been dry for a couple days, the moat's really dried out nicely. It really has. Isn't that great? There you go. Okay, so let's go around back side of castle. I think I'm going to have to edit this one quite a bit. So, I'll just edit out all this walking between parts of the castle. It's going to end up having to be edited, but I I feel like I' I've done this many updates. I need to do I need to do one now that it's the right color. And I wasn't planning on doing this, but you know what? You guys probably want to see it, and I want to see it. And uh probably a lot of other people want to see it, too. I agree. Streamfinder reinvestment, care, and attention to all the rides and parks you're getting is wonderful. Yes. Agreed. >> I agree. Love to see it. So, yeah, there's there's dams for the moes on either side. Okay, let's take a look here. As we get closer to the castle, we'll be able to see again with the sun kind of on the wrong side, but we still should be able to see the color fairly fairly well, fairly clearly. >> Yeah, the blue is very, very nice. It is indeed very royal. Let's come out here just a little bit and get a uh a full official backside of castle look. >> Oh my god, just >> Okay, back side of castle. >> Oh yeah, it looks great. This hasn't really changed from Saturday. But I didn't also didn't post Saturday's video as an update. So >> that's just on the stream for now. But here, this looks great. Let's get a little zoom here. Oh yeah. Yeah, that looks great. >> Hope that gives you an idea of exactly what it looks like. So, now let's go around to this side and we can finish this up. We'll get a better look at the sun shining directly on the castle so you get a better look at what the colors actually are and bright suns. Oh yeah, look at that. Against the uh against the blue sky, the blue turrets look pretty incredible. Honestly, pretty amazing. Wow, that is awesome. >> Is she a be Clark? I agree. >> All right. >> The beef is back on. >> Here's a better look from this side. >> Okay. >> Wait. What happens in two minutes? I don't I don't think I see where you're >> There you go. >> That looks great. >> So, there you go. That looks amazing. >> Yeah, I'm digging it. Oh, there's the characters. They're getting ready. They're getting ready. >> Oh my goodness. >> Wow. >> How fun. >> Yeah. So, the castle show is getting ready to start. I don't think I'm going to watch that, but I just wanted to give you guys an update here. >> I love how the characters are getting ready backstage waving at people. And that's so fun, >> guys. No, we can't. All right. Look at that. >> Look at it. >> That looks awesome. >> Digging it. >> Well, let's go around to the front. I think this this update will be complete. So, we'll see what happens. I don't think they're done yet because the lifts are still there and there's some touch-up work to do, but again, they may paint the uh the upper section a little darker gray just based on the concept art, but also concept art and colors in real life may be slightly different. That's normally when you paint your house, you have those kind of things happen. So, I do think it still looks nice. If this is how it stays, I'm good. Look at that. Waiting in the wings for the queue. Yes, that's what they were doing. That's great. >> How fun. >> So, somebody was asking how how they uh stop the moat right there. Actually, there's the dam right there. >> So, there they go. Right there. That's how they stop the water. And then they have the pump in there that pumps out as much water as it can. though. So, you can see the moat is pretty much at full size or full uh depth on the other side, which isn't super deep. It's not a super deep moat, but that is how they uh that's how they do it. They just go ahead and uh put those dams up on both sides. >> Oh, yeah. Now, these will need to be painted, too. Look, these turrets will need to be painted, too, cuz obviously they need to match. So, actually, that's a good shot. You can really see um you can really actually see the uh the whole like the colors, how different they are there. Magical. >> So there you go. That's kind of fun. >> I can't wait. >> How awesome. >> All right, everybody. >> Well, we're back at the front. The castle shows on. And I guess uh I'd say that'll be your castle update for this time. So, hope you enjoyed the castle update. Yeah. When you hear the music playing what I'm saying, >> allow me to introduce my new pals from the band of witch and >> there you go. It looks great. All right, let's head over here to Tomorrowland. >> Yeah, Joe Fowler knew what he was doing. He built the waterways. >> Sorry if I wasn't reading all the chat. I just thought I probably should make that video and can do it while I'm on the stream. Let's kill two birds with one stone. All right, so lots of cool comments. I appreciate you guys. Somebody's asking about the castle crest. I'm not sure about that. I mean, I know it's on the back of the castle there, but I don't know. I don't know like what it is. I'm not sure. Oh, back to Mickey Mouse. You were saying that the Buzz Lightyear was only 30 minutes or something earlier. I didn't know it was open. I thought it was going to be open next week, but maybe they're soft opening it. Let's head over here and see what we can see in Tomorrowland. Yeah, if it's open, I'll ride it. I mean, I want to see it, too. Unless the rate unless the weight's just insanity, then I might just have to come a different day and do it. I don't want that to be the whole stream. Oh, it's a Disney family crest. It used to be located above the entrance to King Stephan's family uh banquet hall. Oh, thanks Jay. I think you told me that before and I just forgot. So, there's the dam on the other side. So, just you're wondering how they drain the moat. That's basically it. I mean, that's basically how they keep it drained. I'm sure there's a lot of other steps involved that I am unaware of. So blissfully blissfully bliss blissfully ignorant of. So soft opening usually means that um soft opening usually means that they uh have it open at different times and it won't be open all day. But you never know. What might be though is that you can see it from the people mover which would be fun. So, let's just see what's going on. >> The soft opening is tranquil. That's true. It's soft by its very nature. They probably figured that it'll help the crowds Easter week to have an extra ride open and like if it's ready just management was probably like if it's ready just go for it. It'll take the pressure off some of the other rides. Let's just see what's going on. >> Oh yeah, it looks open. >> It does look open. Oh, yeah. >> How fun. >> Oh, here's the sign. And I love that there's there's no The wall is down. That's awesome. The wall is down. Here we go. Oh, that's so nice. I love it. All right, let's just do it. I love this. This is very classic, the sign. Look at this. It even reminds me of some of the Disneyland Tomorrowland. That's cool. I love it. >> All right, fine. Let's just do it. >> You convince me. >> Twist my arm. I didn't even know it would be open. I mean, it's it's sitting here staring at me. I might as well do it. >> There's also no lightning lane, so it should move fairly quickly. >> Wonder if a change of color on the castle affects the projections. I think it makes them better because the pink is not completely a neutral color, whereas the gray is. So, it should make the projections a little bit more bright and brilliant because, you know, that's why they project movies on a gray screen. That's right. Plymouth Rock, bring down those walls. I love that the walls are down. It was making it very cramped in here. And now it's nice and open. And I bet on the people mover, I bet it's all all good to go. Hey, Joseph fam. Yeah, I'm glad to do it, too. >> You know, there's no there is no reason that we have to stick to a a strict plan. Ready? Get back. Punch it. What's that? Let's take a look at your X-rays. I think that's >> where How's everybody doing tonight? I bother you. >> No, you're not at all. >> My wife and I are huge fans. Oh, thank you. >> We're genuine Disney files. >> Oh, nice to meet you. >> We're in the line all, you know, we're in the chat all the time. >> Yeah, you are. I just want to tell you how how thankful we are and I'm sure I speak for thousands of people when I say that the vicarious thrills that you can provide those of us that are nowhere near Central Florida on any given day are are immeasurable. >> Oh, I love that. Thank you. >> Thank you so much. Hey, >> I love your shirt as well. >> Oh, thank you so much, Jim. Nice to meet you guys. >> Nice to meet you, Jim. Do you want to say hi on the live stream? >> Yeah, absolutely. >> This is Jim. Check out his shirt, guys. It's awesome. Hey, I just want to say hi to Hi to Wendy and uh Linda, if you're watching, I want to say hi to you, too. Wendy, I love you and I can't wait to see you tomorrow night. Bye now. >> Oh, thank you for stopping by, Jim. >> Thank you. >> Oh, thanks guys. Super Mario Galaxy. I know that's going to be super fun. Is it open tomorrow? >> Yeah, I'm going to see it for sure. I loved the first Mario movie. I think I'll love this one, too. So, I'm guessing this should just kind of run because again there's no lightning lane. But we'll see how it goes. Oh, he's speaking for me, too. You guys are so nice. Yes. Uh buses are are limiting to resort guest only. So, maybe it is just for high crowd levels. Maybe it is. Who knows? I mean, they could start doing that at Christmas and everything. If it's not all the time, it probably would be less disruptive, I would think. But yeah. All right. Thank you. Oh my god. Beautiful night. I love you. Ready? Come back. Oh, contact. You know, I don't know that I've seen that one. Every time I think I see that sculpture, I think of uh contact. Yeah, it's such a beautiful sculpture, especially when the sun's hitting it just right. Love that. I'm not moving. I wonder if it broke down. >> I may not get a lot of boat riding in, but that's all right. a watch wheel in Jeopardy. Okay. I forgot those are still on at seven. Wow. Hey, some things never change. That's a That's good. That's always good for consistency. Sorry, this is pretty boring for you guys. behind that street that way. That's Right. I don't have to watch my stuff. That's right. Wheel of Fortune and Jeep. Wheel of Fortuneity. Wheel of Fortune and Jeopardy. That's a That's a combo game. It's a new game. Wheel of Fortune. Oh, it's moving again. Yeah. So, it was just stopped for a second. It's moving again. Look like it was continuous loading. Yeah, it is a continuous loading. So, I guess it did just stop for a minute because they're moving now. Yeah. Yeah, the only reason it used to stop before was because of the lightning lane, which we don't have right now. So, Roxan says it's fun to people move or fun to people watch people move. It's fun to do both. Pirates as well. Tranquil boat rides. Sure. I guess I can change the thumbnail on the uh >> and the title. Tranquil Tuesday castle painting and Buzz Lightyear updates. Funny thing is I almost just did Magic Kingdom, but we'll do some boat rides. >> We're going to go look at this. Hello. See you at midnight. I'm saying you're my favorite thing to watch every day. That's what I Oh, no worries. It's your duty to move the people. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoy watching. Hey, mommy's right here, baby. Mommy's right here. That was good. >> You practiced this before, huh? Don't care what you're called. Just keep the camera on. I will. I will. I can make it a really long title. A tranquil Tuesday that started at boat rides but ended up at Magic Kingdom because things were open that we didn't know were open and so we got excited and rode them. That's the title. >> Does it make one any of the resorts? I don't know. At this point, I have no idea. >> Are you going to try Galactic Hero? >> What's that? >> You get Galactic Hero yet? >> I never even tried this. So, I don't know. You >> Yeah, >> I saw it was open. I'm like, "All right, I got to do it." >> There's Ron. Good to see him as always. Mar says, "We may run out of characters posting on that X." That's true. And I'm not paying for premium. That is the silliest thing. Paying for a premium social media account. Like YouTube is one thing because YouTube is actually a streaming service. You're paying for no ads, which makes sense. Like it costs money to run the platform. You can either do ads or you can pay the fee. And like I love I love premium YouTube. >> I think you >> but like just to, you know, with with Twitter being, you know, and they were like, "Oh, you can pay money and uh your post can be longer." And I'm like, "No, it's okay. I'll just make a second post. Fireworks. >> Oh, thanks, Shaggy. Yeah, I don't know if I'll get Galactic Girl the first time. I don't know where any of the targets are. >> I'm sure somebody's got an article about it on some website already. team is shooting premium is still worth the ads are horrendous. Yeah, they're getting worse, >> but I hope that I hope you guys feel like it's worth it to watch the streams either way. I don't think this will take too long. >> Really? >> Yeah. >> So, it's not like delayed. >> So, you can hit the same target really quickly. >> So, any any any other tips? Um, >> it's gonna take some time to figure it out. >> To figure out all the targets. I'm on a boat. >> Oh. Oh. >> Okay. Okay. So, you can't >> you can't just like figure it out the same way like we used to be. >> Okay. >> Well, that's going to make it more fun, actually. >> We'll get the targets that look like lightning storms. Okay, cool. So, what is what is it like? Is it like um what do you call it? Is a million still the Galactic Hero or is there a different score now? >> Definitely worth watching this live stream either way. I was going to tell Rod I'm on I'm on a boat right now. You guys can't see we're we're on a boat. All right, we got super chat from Mommy Dva memes. $5. Still watching on my phone. Sorry, I wasn't thinking. Oh, good. No, I I'm all good. I didn't see your comment until you said I meant I was watching on on phone or TV. But either way, we just appreciate you're watching one of the no matter which device it's on. I love that this shop is back open now. Fresh merch. Hey, Ally. me sitting through every second of my thousand Turboax ad to fund Josh's live streams. Thanks. Yeah, I know. Now it's tax season, so you're getting the Turboax ads for sure. Thanks, Turboax. >> Yeah, that's true. No, Brad, I think that's what it sounds like Ron was saying that they switch the targets to um to random. I mean, that would be easy to do in a computer. Obviously, the computer system they had before was probably from like 1994. So, that's something that like would have been pretty hard to do with 1994 tech, but we'll see. >> So, I'm on a boat right now. I'm riding boats around the resorts like right now as we speak. >> That was what my stream was called, but I didn't end up doing that. I got worried. I was like, "No, it stopped." I was like, "Wait, I'm not in line for that ride, so it's okay." But the people mover stops. All right, friends. My gosh, I got a We got a new um Oh, there's Stitch. He's doing the thing. We got a new ink cartridge in the mail cuz Liam decided to print some Minecraft blocks and that kind of messed up our ink thing. >> So, when you get in there, the controls are the same. They if you go on and everything, the only thing that's different is the way you you hit targets. You have a laser to right side. >> Okay. >> Oh, so you can actually tell which one is which gun >> and where you're aiming. And you'll see a reflection when you hit the middle. You have to hit the dead center of the target. >> Okay. So, it's picky. >> Yes. >> All right. That'll be fun. How was Japan, by the way? >> Hey, we're moving pretty good here. This is not going to be 30 minutes. There's just unless it stops again. This is This is great. Michael just subscribed. Thanks. >> Yeah, Captain Mickey Mouse. That's what I was most looking forward to that you can hold the blasters in your hand now. Liam's going to want to come do this. So, I can't wait. This is one of his favorite rides. He was actually really bummed when they closed it, but I was like, I told him I was like, "Buddy, I don't think they're going to have it closed very long." How long was it? Was it a year? Was it? Let's look. Hold on. Yeah, Ron's on he's on he's in line, too. He's just across from me a little bit. >> When did Buzz Light your close for re >> August 4, 2025? Oh, it's not even been a year. Yeah. Okay. Wow. Not even close to a year. Yeah, it wasn't even close that much. >> You can use an ore to hit the targets. Gosh, I don't want to break it. They just opened it. Streaming resorts even on your phone here. You can stream it on whatever device you want as long as it has interwebs on it. You cannot, however, stream us on an iPhone 3G. I tried. >> I have an old iPhone 3G, and I think up until a couple years ago, it could have probably streamed us, >> but it can't do YouTube anymore. YouTube's got a secure u protocol that that phone can't use anymore. >> Like, all websites have that protocol now. So, there are very few websites that the the iPhone 3G can can open. All right. Well, we'll see what happens. >> This is different. Paint's definitely got new coat of paint. Different color slightly. I like the U lighting behind there. That's going to be nice at night. The iPhone 6 probably would still work. It's new enough. It probably has. It doesn't have to have the latest updates, but it has to have at least like within the last five years or or 10 years updates or something. >> No, I won't be here for Starlight tonight. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. It was awful. Oh, that's Yeah, LA. It's funny. I usually was was really um I used to be really good at that. I mean, you know, the the old games, but now I got to learn this one. More like the Disneyland one. I'm not as good at that one. Um, I'll have more practice at this one. Disneyland, I don't I haven't played that many times. Hey, John. I rode it to earlier today. It was fun. I got a survey afterwards. Okay. Oh, yeah. That's right. And Mars is supposed to We're running the the springtime surprise race. I ran 2 and a half miles last night in preparation. I'm working up a mile at a time. Eventually, I'll get to six, but I did the two I did two miles. I did two miles in 25 minutes run walk, which is not bad. That'll get me to the end of the race if I can keep up that pace. And I don't even have to go that fast. But I'm not worried about making it. I just want to make it and not kill myself. That's why I'm training. Still have my iPhone 3GS. I also have my old iPhone 4S. Not sure why I kept them all. Hey, some of those uh some of those might be worth something. Then again, you may want to kept it this long. People are buying those older phones. >> Cindy says, "How's the stream?" So far, it's going to be epic. Rangers reopen. Yeah, it is. I'm excited. Looks like everything's just get a fresh coat of paint in here. Nothing nothing too different about the queue. So this must be the lightning lane over here. Oh, this is actually different though. I'm actually wondering how this is going to be separated. Looks like the lightning lane goes around here now. Used to be the lightning lane was only over here, but the paint is looking good. >> Hi, Lean. Yes, we are. We just It's a total change of plans. So, all you missed was that I found out this ride was open and just going to try it. So, the plan just totally changed. >> Yeah, a dream come true. Yeah, it definitely is. Uh, >> it's flying. No lightning lanes. So, double D cell batteries. Those are better than D's. Double D's >> D and C batteries you don't use as much anymore. I remember like when I was a kid there were a lot of games that would want would need a D or a C. We rode a boat to get here. Yeah. And we'll ride we'll ride more. But this is exciting. >> I do want to do uh people mover after this to see if the the windows open. I'm sure it is, but I want to see it. It's an update. >> Yeah, paint looks great. >> Got to wonder how long it'll last. >> I like the new queue. Well, so far it's nice. nature. >> I love all these look like they've been refreshed. >> Buzz Lightyear is working. living the evil emperor's nerd stealing her power cell. All right, space treat. in trouble and secret. No doubt in the work of that nefarious criminal, the sworn enemy of the Galactic Alliance robotic army is stealing Crystal Fusion power cell. Now those cells will all be powerless and at the mercy of her. Star near all battle ready recruit. All right space rangers listen up the power cell while the rest of you will concentrate on those robots. I will communicate the star and coordinate our mission. Yeah, he does. His voice is different though, for sure. >> I wonder if they took Tim Allen out so they didn't have to pay the royalty anymore. >> A lot calmer. >> He is calmer. It's definitely not Tim Allen anymore. >> Galactic Alliance. >> One. Maybe they should re maybe they just needed to re-record it. Who knows? But yeah, that is different. >> Here is the lightning light. >> I wonder if the audio for Buzz is back on um People Mover now, cuz it was gone for a while. So, I wonder if it's back. Hey, how you Mickey? >> Yeah, Q looks great. Nothing Nothing major, but it looks great. >> Okay, so we're still aiming for the Z. Oh, there's the new robot. All right, look at this. This mural was was there before, though. lower. >> There's the new vehicles. They look great. >> This is my first time. Next on the front, step back forward. >> We got several that are not working. >> Probably still getting some adjustments done. They still need some work. It isn't open yet. So, they haven't got it quite like it isn't officially open. They haven't got it all quite perfected yet. That's pretty normal. Yeah. Everything looks great. I mean, this this mural was here before it closed, but it's so good for this to be open. I love this so much. >> Yeah. No, they're the old ones, but they look new. No, they're the same. These are the same vehicles they've had since if you had wings. >> One. >> Okay. >> Right here, please. Watch your >> Thank you. >> Of course. >> Well, they open really nicely, though. Now, >> all right. Here we go. >> All right. I love the um These are cool. The screens are neat. How fun. >> I like that a lot. The spin controls the same. And you pick up the guns and go for it. >> All right. Autopilot. Awesome. Pilot on. Take that cricket for a spin and send land to orbit. Okay. You take it from here. Time to make turn changes, too. Rocket and roll. You're almost next. Outstanding My pilot here is whatever they are. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Rangers diabolical must be stopped. Today's strangers to the rescue. Attention space rangers. Your Attention space racers. Your mission will resume immediately. for your safety. Please remain seated. Heat. Heat. You did it. Enjoy the celebration. I'll steer you in. You're all rocking stars. Kick back. I'll bring you in for landing. That was asting. Great work. I'll take >> Attention space rangers. Your star have been temporarily deactivated. For your safety, please remain seated. Your mission will resume momentarily. >> That was astromazing. Great work. I'll take it from here. You did it. Enjoy the stellar braces. I'll steer you in. You're all rocket stars. Kick back. I'll bring you in for landing. That was astronomazing. Great work. I'll take it from here. You did it. Enjoy the stellar bracation. I'll steer you in. You're all rocking stars. Kick back. I'll bring you in for landing. That was astromazing. Great work. I'll take it from here. You did it. Enjoy the celebration. I'll stir you in. You're all rock stars. back. I'll bring you in for landing. That was astro amazing. Great work. I'll take it from here. You did it. Enjoy the celebration. I'll steer you in. You're all rocking stars. Kick back. I'll bring you in for landing. That was astromazing. Great work. I'll take it from here. >> Okay. >> We stopped in a bad place. >> Celebration. I'll steer you in. You're all rocketing stars. Kick back. I'll bring you in for landing. That was astromazing. Free work. I'll take it from here. You did it. Enjoy the stellar braces. I'll steer you in. >> You're all rocking star. >> I don't believe her. I don't think she's going to steer us in. >> You in for landing. >> I don't think we're going to land. >> I do like that the guns are different colors. That helps. >> You did it. Enjoy the celebration. I'll steer you in. You're raw rocket stars. Get back. I'll bring you in for land. >> Attention space rangers. Your star cruisers have been temporarily deactivated. For your safety, please remain seated. Your mission will resume momentarily. >> You're all rocket stars. Kick back. I'll bring you in for landing. That was astazing. Free work. I'll take it from here. You did it. Enjoy the stellar. I didn't hit any red targets. That's the only thing that those are hard to hit. The red targets, they don't stay red very long. >> I'll bring you in for landing. That was astromazing. Great work. I'll take your >> That's not bad for the first time. >> You did it. >> I got most of my points in the little movie tunnel. >> I'll steer you in. You're all rock stars. Kick back. I'll bring you in for landing. That was astroing. Great work. I'll take it from here. You did it. Enjoy the celebration. I'll steer you in. You're all rocking stars. Take back. I'll bring you in for landing. >> That was it. >> Oh my gosh. Amazing. >> This is killing me. >> I'll take it from here. >> You did it. Enjoy the stellar. I thought I was in there and I can steer you in. >> You're all rocket stars. >> Attention space rangers. Your mission will resume immediately. Warrior technique. Please remain seated. You did it. >> Oh my gosh. I'll steer you in. >> You're all rocking stars. It's a million plus now. >> We made it. We're not going to make it. Okay. >> Yeah, you can learn to ignore it. It's harder when it's right in your ear, but I'm sure you can learn to ignore it. All right. Oh, I love the the Pizza Planet truck. >> I feel like I could have scored a lot more, too. I'm not going to go on it again, but I feel like I could have scored a lot more. because I wasn't hitting the red targets. >> All right. Oh, I bet my picture is not even up there anymore because of the Oh, I am. I am. >> There I am. >> Cool. >> Sorry. Yeah, I'm ready for Artemis for sure. >> That was pretty awesome. All right, let's go do um >> let's go move the people and then we'll get back on the boats. That was awesome. I actually also right before the the star tunnel, there was actually a moment where they had uh the little green aliens there and they were um they were actually like pushing the buttons to send you into interstellar space. So there was actually, you know, and I I was too busy like, you know, trying to score to like it was pretty cool. I really enjoyed that. There there definitely is a nice coat of paint on it. Like, you know, it's not a a groundbreaking um rethe, but it's nice. It's a lot more interactive. It is a little touchy for where the target is. Ram was right. You have to be right in the middle. Uh but you can shoot pretty fast. There is a full moon tonight. You can shoot pretty fast, so that's nice. >> Uh but that meant my my arms were like kind of like dying. Now, let's do this and then we'll go. I told Maddie I was an easy Yeah, I scanned for the photo. I don't know if you have to or not, but I did scan for the photo. >> My gun light lit up at the end. Yeah, it's so fun. I like that a lot. It's a really really I don't know. It's just a nice It's a nice reverb for sure. I did enjoy it. So that >> new Disney CEO wants to bring Disney stores back to malls. I think that's great. I've heard of malls are making a resurgence. I've heard that Jenz, bless them, likes malls. How fun. Good job, Jenz. >> I feel like it's a cycle because I feel like a lot of the A lot of the Gen Z's were raised by those of us who really went to malls and really had great experiences there. And so I feel like they are going to bring them back. Not just malls, but all that, you know, I feel like things are going to make a resurgence that we enjoyed because, you know, in a modern way because I think that that's, you know, it's kind of how these cycles start with parents teaching the kids about it. It's fun, but it wasn't it was a much needed improvement. It's very very well done. I thought it was great. >> My arm was so tired in the last room. I was not hitting hardly anything. >> Wait time for buzz was like 30 35 minutes, but it didn't take very I don't feel like it took that long. So, pretty awesome. Let me see what it says. If it's on I don't even know if it's it's on the app. >> Oh, my pass rules over tomorrow. I actually didn't buy photo pass this time. I just don't use it that much. I I mean, I understand it for families and vacations for sure, but usually Liam and I just take our own selfies and stuff when we come and Steph when she's able to come. Let's see. All right. Does it show a wait time? It does not. So, it's not officially open. So, here I'll show you. So, it would be right there. 15 minutes is for um Monsters Inc., 15 for People Mover, five for Carousel, and 35 for Astro. Not listen. There we go. We learned We all learned it at the same time. I love it. >> And we went horseback riding on Sunday. That was fun. Uh, it was my first time since I was a kid. >> So, here, check this out. Let's see if I can find it. >> My horse was awesome. >> His name was Oliver. >> He's got this like, hey, >> let's see. Here I am. See find Liam. >> He loved it. That was fun. Let's go to the mall today. That was from How I Not Your Mother. Nice. That's a deep cut. I love that. Nice job. I love the new theming. It's that Tomorrowland's kind of retro future at this point. It's even more so than it used to be cuz the new Buzz Lightyear sign really fits that as well. >> And we had a lot of fun riding together. But yeah, I definitely uh definitely broke the plan and then got back to it. But yeah, that's why I'm always so anxious about breaking the plan cuz people are like, "Wait, what happened?" I'm always like feeling like I'm going to disappoint somebody if I don't do exactly what I said on the on the title. But may maybe not. Maybe people are just curious. I rode a horse at Fort Wilderness. Yeah, that looks like fun, too. Liam was so grown up now. Yeah, he'll be in fifth grade next year. I don't understand how that happened, but I don't understand how next year we've been next year we will we will have been streaming for 10 years. We are going to do something pretty big for that one. We just got to we're not going to announce it yet. Uh we haven't even really fully decided, but we tossed around some ideas. Again, I'm not going to say any of them, but if things work out, we're going to do something big for 10 years. So, mine was Oliver and Liam's was Reeba and Steph's was what she say hers was. >> I never meet her as much. Oh, Savannah. Savannah steps with Savannah. That's right. That is my birthday. >> I turned 31 yesterday. Don't blink. I know. >> Hey, Donna. Yeah, Mr. E was fun. I remember him. I think I got the idea now after that first time on Buzz. It's a lot harder than before, for sure. Before you could just hit the same targets and it'd be fine. So now you got to really pay attention and really go for it, which is good. I'm glad. It's actually nice that it's different. you bring Walt Disney World to us. Whatever the plan is or how it changes, it can never dis disappoint. Thanks. I know he'll be riding. He'll be wanting a uh a car. I bet Mickey Mom Jen. Yeah, I know. Fifth grade still going to be super fun. We got lots of lots of time. I know it'll go fast, but we're going to have lots of fun for sure. I mean years later the channel still playing catchup 8. That's okay. Okay. Ready. One second. Wait. Wow. through like all the like >> college if you didn't watch your missed out. That's right. >> So true. >> That's great. Well, that makes me happy to see Buzz Light. You're open. It's nice. I like it. like it it stays true to the original, the story, everything's pretty much the same. It's just got I would I would compare it to like how they kind of did some plusing to, you know, Haunted Mansion or to Pirates of the Caribbean. Like the core heart of the ride still stays the same. A lot of the scenery is the same. It's just better. So, yeah, that I think was a very successful reverb. I am uh I'm pretty happy with that. A thanks Tiger Tail John. He said uh two years late to the party but really didn't get into this till I met Josh and Jen in person. It really does make a huge difference. They're fantastic people. Well, you're the best, John. Thank you so much. That is so so kind. >> All right, here we go. Going up the ramp. Okay. >> Oh, thanks, old Mr. Young dude. I'm glad to bring the parks to you. >> Big Thunder Mountain before Memorial Day. I don't know. It'd be nice if it did. That'll definitely help the crowds a little bit. I mean, even having Buzz open helps a little. >> It's not a high capacity ride, but every little bit helps. All right, this will be fun. Then we'll go ride some boats. Let's see. Where should we go? >> Maybe we'll go to Wilderness Lodge. We don't go there that often. Let's do that. >> We only go there on these boat streams. So, let's go to Wilderness Lodge. We'll see if we have time for Port Wilderness and then we'll probably wrap it up after that. Just one. It's >> a nice cool breeze. >> Wonderful. You wish they redone the Buzz Figure. Yeah, they could have redone it like they did Frozen. That would have been nice. But maybe, you know, they could do that. >> They could actually keep the ride open while they do that. They could just cover it up. But >> who knows? >> Pleasenot. >> Hey, Jeff. All right, here we go. Enjoy your journey. platform, then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated. >> This is the TTA blue line non-stop service around Tomorrowland. Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Morak 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow. And my stars, is there ever lots to see. From the spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in tomorrow. >> For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. Thank you. The next station is the Tomorrowland Perfect Planning and Star Trailers. Transfer to green and red lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling to the future. I find two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot? And a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World. Look, there's even a tiny people mover. >> I wonder if that means there's a tiny borax. On your right is Star Traers, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy, except actual stars. Those are no longer sold. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Run. >> I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks in the cosmos for a bit of great speedy competition. >> Please keep forward facing clear of vehicles. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep all of clear on This is our 75 or as we locally call it space. Our high speed rocket to distant deep space destinations. Most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral room of 57. You know it to yourself. Call today. Did you sleep backwards? Bathroom. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Paging Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors 31. Please keep clear of coming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. My dad The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so is the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Call it all space rangers. Report to your star cruiser and join me on this daring space mission. I'm going to see you on our serve. Affirmative. We're on it. Buzz. You can count on us. Please see this show. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. >> My fellow sentient life form. Attention travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. Cuz now is the time, now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. >> Well, that's cool. You can see into the ride. kind of figured with it being open to the public right now that they just go ahead and open it up. That is awesome. All right, we'll enjoy some Tomorrowland ambiance while we wait for our ride to be reactivated. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. This is the GTA blue line non-stop service around Tomorrowland. Thank you. Please keep arms, antenny, and other encourages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and Timmy and other individuals away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> Please keep on. >> Thank you. >> Hey Shaggy, you saw Beauty and the Beast on Saturday. Oh, that's awesome. Yes, it is a great show. Yeah, a lot of the Disney, you know, the the big classic movies were very nicely adapted in into musicals. >> All right, let's go ride some boats. Um, I saw some people talking about they were glad I don't talk, you know, non-stop. I actually am glad I don't either. I mean, obviously I like to talk, but on the rides, I just want you to feel like you're riding it. So, it's really important to me. Alli Bismo, congrats on 29 months of Upper Platinum. Awesome tranquil Tuesday. Any plans for the launch tomorrow? Uh, hey Ally, thank you so much for being a platinum member for 29 months. Really appreciate you. And uh I don't currently have any plans for the launch, but maybe we can get Jenna to go over and do it. I actually have to take my uh son to musical practice tomorrow, and I'll be waiting for him to get done at that point. So, I won't be able to, but uh we'll see. I'll be watching it from the parking lot, which wouldn't be in a very exciting stream. >> I love that. That looks great. >> It's down to 20 minutes. How nice. So, here's the uh By the way, I don't know if I showed this already. >> All right. Well, there you go. >> Very cool. So, I'm glad we got to do it. If we weren't needing to do some boats, I'd do it again, >> but that's all right. I actually don't want to get stuck in here during fireworks in the parade, which I probably wouldn't anyway, but yeah. So, I know, David, I would, but I wanted I do want to get on some boats since that was the name of the stream. But we did it earlier. It was great. We did it earlier. 500,000 my first score. So, I got some learning to do, but wasn't bad. It wasn't bad. for the first time. >> I saw I looked at Ron's stream. I saw he scored 1.4 million. He's so good. >> He has done it a couple times, but he gave me some tips, so I'm going to try again next time. >> Okay. Yes, I do use a Mosa Mini MX. I know we're 21 hours away from the launch of the first Super Moon rocket since 1972. >> Wow, look at that. >> Don't eat yellow snow. Yes, that's a good tip, David. We don't have to worry about that too much here in Florida, but if we ever have snow, I will remember that. Although I also remember that in Indiana to be fair. >> All right, I'm going to take a quick restroom break up here and then we'll head out. I hope you enjoyed this impromptu little detour into Magic Kingdom. It wasn't a little detour like I had planned, but it was fun nonetheless. I'm going to post like the Buzz Light Your Ride as a separate video on some of that, but who knows if it's worth the time or not. Maybe I will. >> Maybe I should just sleep. Okay, >> I will be right back. Quick restroom break. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Oh, Yeah. >> Welcome back everybody. Probably should have gone out the back way, but it just seems antilimactic leaving Magic Kingdom through uh the back because you don't see all the fun stuff on Main Street. All right. >> Castle looks great. >> Very good. All right. Let's go this way. Beautiful night, by the way. What's the temp? Uh 74. Absolutely gorgeous. Not too hot, not too cold. Just right. So funny. Somebody was singing that earlier. Like as I walk by, now it's stuck in my head. Thanks, random person. I don't know. All right. So, check this out. That's looking good. >> Hey, Debbie. Happy Tranquil Tuesday to you, too. I don't even know what to call this stream anymore, so I'm just going to leave it the same. Maybe I'll maybe I'll slightly modify it to riding boats or visiting Magic Kingdom and riding boats. I don't know. Something. We'll figure it. Or I'll just leave it the same. I'll just call it tranquil Tuesday and just take out the rest of it. >> It doesn't matter what I call it anyway. See, of course, at night you can't really tell >> the color difference, but it still looks nice. >> You can a little bit, actually. Here, let me let me zoom. >> You can actually still see it here. >> Yeah, I think you can see it. Let me zoom all the way in. >> Oh, yeah, you can see it. What do you guys think? >> Uh, when will I be in the park again? I don't know about this park. Probably Saturday for this park. But then as far as uh probably uh oh, you know, we'll be in the park Friday with Jenna. So for Friday Night Live. So yeah, we'll see. >> As far as this park, I don't know. So yeah, we're going apparently they're they're sending some people to that that moon tomorrow. That's pretty cool. We only have one though, so amazing zoom. It is a pretty good zoom. Looks just like my castle. Yes, indeed. >> All right. Well, see you next time, Magic Kingdom. So long, Sanara. sending people to the space station. Nope. Even further than that. That'll be fun. Well, God, that's no moon. It's a space station, right? >> Yeah. >> I still think it's going to take a while before we have a base on the moon. Like, we can barely get We haven't even gotten back there yet, but we can barely get there. So, we got to we're going to have to be there before we do that. I think maybe though at some point they could figure out if there's enough money involved they could probably figure out how to build build the you know send robot teams up there to build some of the base and then when people get get up there then there's infrastructure ready to go but supplies will be pretty tough I would think. So all right let's head >> over to the resorts. I'm just going to do a ground stream here in a second. I got to go by security. People are coming in for Starlight and the fireworks. >> It's not a southeast. It's its own thing. >> All right, let's do >> Wilderness Lodge. >> We could also do whichever one comes first, but we'll see. So, I think we're going to Wilderness Lodge. >> See, we're going to ride some boats. Oh, look. There's a boat. Perfect timing. Will the Mars mission be launched on the moon? They've talked about things like that, having the moon be a launching point for other missions, but yeah, we'll see. We got to get to the moon first. And they'll we'll see what happens after that. >> Perfect timing. >> OMG Bar says, "Wilderness Lodge, my favorite." Yeah, it's a great one. It's a great one. >> So, we do have a couple other channels. >> We've got um of course uh Jenn and Dale's channel. Somebody posted earlier, Adventures of Jenna and Dale. They've got a lot of cool videos on 247, which is my second channel or third channel, I guess, now that I've done. And so, that's been fun. And so if you want to watch 24/7 either rides or live streams, sorry, not rides or live streams, rides or strolls. There are no narration strolls. So if you get tired of streamers talking, including me, um, there are no narration strolls on there for 24 hours a day. And there's a ride stream 24-hour a day, too. No talking on that either. So there's that. Resort TV 24/7. Also, what's the other one? Um, oh, RetroTV1 Tech. I haven't posted very much on there lately, but RetroTV1 Tech is a is a fun one, too. Also, Liam and I just posted our Megaon video on Saturday if you missed that. There's so much stuff. Go check the channel. It's been a lot of lot of good stuff. Unfortunately, the algorithm hasn't been kind to us. So, a lot of people haven't seen it unless you just went looking for it. But, thanks for those that did find it. >> All right. and thanks for saving. >> Let's go back here. Why not? >> Yes, I filmed all the rides on the 24/7 except a couple that Rob Fuzz uh gave me and allowed me to use. So, that was nice. Hope you guys are you guys are having a great day so far. Resort TV 13 for Halloween content. Nice. We also have awesome sponsors, uh, mickeytras.com and mickeyblog.com for the latest Disney um, travel planning advice. Go check out mickeytras.com to book your next trip to Walt Disney World and Mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. Go to mickeytyrs.com and mickeyblog.com. Again, that's mickeytras.com and mickeyblog.com. Go check them out. Disney mickeyblog or sorry, mickeyras.com will help you plan your trip to any Disney resort or cruise. I'll be right back. I'm going to put the stream down so I can kind of shoot me. Can you see where you see much better. >> Highly recommend Mickey Travels. Yeah, they're the best. They're so good. Go check them out. MickeyRvels.com. Also, if you're looking for a home here in Central Florida, you want an investment home where you can just come down here whenever you want and then rent it out the rest of the time, we can we can help you with that. or you want a forever home where you know you want to buy this and this is where you want to end up. Uh definitely go check that out. It's going to be at um resort tv1homes.com. Again, resort tv1homes.com. Go check it out. >> Yeah, resort tv1homes.com. >> Click on contact us and one of our expert realtors will help you find that dream home here in Central Florida. resort tv1homes.com nice >> very nice uh full moon there >> what was the name of the computer program that you used to tour around an empty old school Epcot um That's called future port 82. If you have any kind of a you have to have a Windows PC to use it and you have to have a um a gaming graphics card. Like I have a not the best, but I have a decent uh Nvidia 3060 Ti. So, it's a few years old, but it'll work, but you got to have a decent graphics card to run it. >> At all times and super children. All right, enjoy the ride. Do it. Do it. Do it all. I am not even sure. lower. I don't know. I don't know. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. There we go. rotation right now. We are starting to make traffic. Wow. Ow. Ow. Dad. You need Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You might be on the right. out there. Have a seat. there. Maybe. You have to wait. Hello. Oh, that was nice. I was just thinking if we play our cards right, I could do a fireworks cruise. So, I technically need to I parked at TTC. So, if I took a boat back to Magic Kingdom right at 9:30, we could do a little fireworks cruise, a free fireworks cruise, and then we could I could take the ferry boat back to TTC or or Montreal, one of the two. And as long as I get on the ferry boat before the fireworks are over, we should be fine. That might be kind of fun. It was a lovely boat ride indeed. children and watch your step. >> All right. >> It is a beautiful night for a boat cruise. You guys are going to have a great ride. >> Can I Beautiful with the moon, isn't it? I've seen scenes like that. >> I wonder if it's like because it's full that means it's somehow closer and it's easier. That's that opens up the launch window like that they're going to launch tomorrow because it's a full moon. Is that a thing? I mean, it seems likely or logical, but Okay, Ralphie. Hello. Those cabins are amazing. Yes, David says it was good to stay at those cabins for a couple hours. I just wanted to let you guys enjoy the boat ride without talking. So, sorry I wasn't trying to ignore anybody, but I just wanted to enjoy the ambiance. Yeah, it's very bright. It's saying, "Come visit me. I'm lonely." Somebody's talking about aliens up there. You think the Transformers are still up there on the dark side of the moon? Uh, I don't know anything about that uh jail. Not at all. I'm going to go see the Super Mario Galaxy movie. I don't even haven't even seen the trailer for that. I pretty much only watch YouTube, but I think I've said that before. He just keeps hoping that I'll watch some of this stuff. >> I want to watch. >> Gerald, I love your I love your uh knowledge of movies and videos and stuff like that. Let me ask you a question. Do you ever do you ever take a break from all that and just like read a book or go take a walk? I hope you do. I hope you do take a break from it sometimes. It's cool though. It's your knowledge of it is cool. But I hope you take a break from it every once in a while. You read manga. Okay. Well, is that at least that's reading. Should go take a walk, too. Touch, you know, touch the grass. All that stuff is good, too. Too much screen time isn't good for your eyes. At least that's what I tell my son. Yeah, you Oh, you you've got too much downtime. Yeah. See, it's hard for probably hard like it depends on what situation you're in. It's kind of like during co when I we had a lot of free time. I didn't really cuz I was doing lessons and planning streams. But, you know, it's it it is hard to uh shift the roles and and imagine how it must how it might be for somebody who's like super busy. And it's hard for me to understand somebody who has a lot of time. So, we're all in different boats for sure. I don't remember the last time I just had a ton of time. I think I just keep myself busy and then my family keeps me busy, too. Miss talking to people, my teachers. I do understand that for sure. I hope you can go back or go somewhere else soon. Yeah. Yeah. You need to see people. That's important. It's important to talk to people face to face. That is very important. trying to spend less time at the computer after I come home from work. It's been better. Yeah, I've been trying to do the same thing. I've been trying to stay off of Facebook, too, because it usually just makes me mad. No good can come of it. It used to be, you know, like updates on people and now it's just people arguing about everything and I can't do it, so I just stay off of it. Can we walk by the pool? Sure. There you go. Cavalcade stop mid parade and then return back to Frontier Land. I heard somebody in the chat said that the uh somebody in the chat said that the uh one of the floats broke down. So I don't know. So that could be that could be uh the reason our power is out and have to turn on the generator. Oh no, >> don't feed the birds. This is like the ultimate Lincoln log creation here. I love it. >> The name sounds familiar. >> Like a scaffolding up over here. Spent five five minutes on Facebook and then get off. That's That's not a bad thing. Yeah, that gives you enough time to just see if there's anything worthwhile and then you can just like, "Okay, thanks. Bye." Oh, there's a person down. Oh no. I hope they were okay. I wasn't there. I was just going off what somebody said in the chat about um about it being >> Hi. about it being um there being a float that broke down. At least this is still relaxing out here. That the view is not as good as it used to be, but the uh the lake is still nice. I don't know. I guess I'll probably get used to that resort eventually. It used to just be like peaceful out there. I think the biggest thing about the resort that bothers me is is the view. It changed from Fort Wilderness. Fort Wilderness used to be such a peaceful place. >> Okay. Fortnite was big during co Yeah. So was Animal Crossing. That's what we played. And Mario Kart. Well, and Mario Odyssey. Liam and I played Mario Odyssey during that time, too. I did have more time for sure. just not as much as a lot of people did. So, this is still a very peaceful place. They're doing the movie over there. And if you're wondering where we are, there's the Contemporary right there. And of course, Magic Kingdom is just beyond beyond the trees. It's like a little mermaid. I won't show it for fear of copyright, but that's uh it's pretty cool. This is Geyser Point, which is a wonderful place to eat. Very, very cool idea. I believe it I believe it can they can close those little tarps if it's raining really hard, which is cool. I don't know what they do with the outdoor tables, though. Here's the stream flowing down into the lake. I was working from home during 2020 and 2021. Once went back to the office, I found it was much better being around people on a regular. Yeah, it is. It really is. It really really is. I I wouldn't Hello. I wouldn't mind a month. I wouldn't mind a month. like I I can't do it with my job, but if I had like an office type job, I wouldn't mind a month work from home every once in a while. How do I know what um I I just kind of have an idea, but the thing that bother the thing that would would uh worry me about that would be the movie content for a little more maybe more than the actual uh more than the actual uh music. >> No, I don't play Fortnite as I know what it is. I just don't play it. I do not play it. not much of a modern gamer. I don't like I don't like the shooting games that much. It's not that I have like this huge issue against I mean I don't like violence, but it's not like I it's it's not that that's not the reason I don't play it. I just it just doesn't interest me as much as other things. I'd rather much rather play like stuff I grew up with like Mario and Mario Kart and uh Zelda and stuff like that. Retro games. Happy final day of Mars to all who celebrate. Yeah, April Fool's Day tomorrow. Interesting that they're launching the rocket on April Fool's Day. That's the other thing that makes me mad. Every time on Facebook, they're posting all these posts about the rocket launch. And there's a bunch of people who react to it by laughing cuz they just can't understand their their little tiny brains can't understand how we might actually have really launched a rocket to the moon back in the 60s and 70s and how we're actually going to do it again. Like what's funny about that whole thing is that the moon is a hoax. The moon landing is a hoax is that it would have been way harder to fake it than would have been This sounds silly, but it would have been way harder to actually fake it than it would have been to do it. And anybody with any logical common sense can figure that out. Especially back in the 60s. It would have been way harder to fake it. Especially all the people that would had to keep quiet over the years. Not just that, but not just the lack of technology. Even now with AI and everything, it still be way harder to fake it than it would be to actually do it. Anyway, and I see that and I go, "Ah, makes me sad that people are that dumb." Anyway, so I'm excited to see the launch tomorrow. >> Finally spent some time with my C64 Ultimate. Oh, that's cool. Those look really cool. I didn't buy one cuz I know I won't have time to use it, but they look really cool. I'm glad they're doing it. My thing about the moon laning is the KGB would have found out. Oh, 100%. That's that's the other thing. That's the foolproof thing is if Russia had found out, they would have 100% outed us. 100%. Anyway, I'm not trying to get into politics, but like 100% that would have happened. Anyway, yes, they still do have the electric water pageant. Yeah. All the other countries were monitoring our our uh spacecraft by their with their own satellites and their own tracking equipment and they they totally saw that it happened. David, I can't wait till we sail off the ladder. I love that all the the waterfalls and everything are back. >> All right, I'll stop. I'll stop. I'm sorry. >> I did see that on Facebook the other day, though, and I just had to comment on it. Ah, there's one in the chat. Get him out. Get him out. Get him out. Hey, Greg. How are you? I loved Buzz Lightyear. >> I loved Buzz Lightyear. It was a lot of fun. I thought it was a really good reverb. That water smells really good. I know that's not what it's very relaxing, but it also smells really good. The broine, I don't know. Just coming off the fountain is really off the waterfall is really nice. I'm sure that's not what you thought I would say. That's good, Edwin. I'm glad you get to talk to uh people face to face. Hardest part is actually the rocket blasting off and getting the past the gravity deep. Well, yeah, a lot of people watch the launches in person. That's the thing. like a lot of the a lot of the stuff that is like you said the hardest part was witnessed by the most people you know because you know you can stand there and watch it go up. So yeah, David, you guys know David's kidding, right? Our cousin or our cousin Steph's cousin who we love, Jenny, who was on um our stream once, has actually run a race in Antarctica and was there during the 24-hour sun. So, she's got firsthand experience of the whole globe thing that there was the 24-hour sun in Antarctica. She ran a marathon. This this this uh um cousin of staff, Jenny Simpson, ran a marathon in all seven continents. Isn't that incredible? I love that this is all back to normal. They've got some scaffolding over here, but they're they're they're getting this back to normal. Was under rebur for a long time. It looks amazing. It was just the blue screen. They didn't They only did it one time. They had a marathon race in Australia or in in Australia. Antar Well, Australia, too. They did a marathon on all 12 continents and they invited some of the world's leading marathon runners to do it and um Steph's cousin Jenny got to do it. She she said uh it was within like two weeks or something too. It was an insane amount of like time. She said she actually like almost didn't make the last race. I'm like I wouldn't have made the first one. No, that was really awesome. Now what do they have these like trees and everything here? Do they have the windows blocked so you can't see in in the windows here? It seems like that would be a missed opportunity to not be able to see out. Why would they want to block the view out of the resort here? Unless it's only at night. No. Huh. That's weird. You'd think they want people to be able to see out. Am I missing something or is there construction in here? No, they've actually put this stuff here to block the view. Weird. Somebody actually spent money on that. >> Or maybe it was just there for the construction and they haven't removed it yet. Shaggy. >> Shaggy. The ships don't get smaller. That's just your imagination. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. The construction's gone now, so that's good. Oh, that made me scared. And I was like, "Oh my gosh, don't walk the pretty view." Sorry, I'm not I'm not being nice anymore. I'll be nice again. I promise. David said when she ran the race in Australia, she had to run the opposite direction. No, but when she was in Antarctica, she had to uh get um she had to get magnetic boots so she'd stick to the bottom of the earth. Sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah, she had to run on the other side of the road though. >> Yeah, this is very tranquil. I just love this lobby. Isn't it great? Here, let me turn on the Wi-Fi so I get better signal in here. April Fool's Day, 1960 was the first picture of Earth from space satellite. Get ready for some more. Interesting. Oh. Oh, another one. Oh my gosh. Go away. This is so silly that anybody would believe that nonsense. Anyway, back to reality. This place is amazing. I thought you were celebrating that they took the first picture from space and then I realized it was just another one of those weird comments. They put that up when they had the scaffolding out there. Never took it down. Okay. So, I hope they do, too, because it's it's done. It looks great out there. Over 22k for the registration fee. Was that what it was? She She was invited to do it. Was that the Seven Continent race or they they're doing it again? Hold on. Let me see real quick. Uh, I missed it. >> Yeah, David, I need some ketchup. You stop and you grab the leash down by the tree and just scan. >> I kind of want hot chocolate. Last time I was in here was Christmas and they had the Christmas tree right here and the hot chocolate. I know. I love the light fixtures, too. The teepee. Antarctic Ice Marathon. Oh, just the AR. Yeah. Well, it's pretty expensive to get to Antarctica. I would, man, I would love to go someday, but I don't I'm not ever going to have 22 grand, but um I mean, not to spend on a trip, but I would love to go. I'd love to even just say I visited seven continents. Like, that'd be amazing. Hello, Four Parks. Dan, you were amazing. I believe I believe the moon linings were real, but I think Josh fakes the Disney trips. I love that so much. You know what? During co I did. I had to. It actually is proof that we we It would be hard, but you could you could kind of fake a trip to the parks, but you'd have to use a green screen. It'd be pretty obvious after a while. >> Hi. >> Hi. How are you? >> Wanted to say hi. We saw you walking through. >> Oh, nice to meet earlier to see where you guys would be and we saw boats around the area. >> We did, but >> we might see you. >> Oh, we did Magic Kingdom first, but then we ended up doing the boats. I want to ride Buzz Lightyear. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah, we got to see that yesterday or >> two days ago. >> Two days ago, we just happened to run into it. One of the cast members said, uh, tomorrow would be a good day. >> Oh. >> But we're not supposed to Oh, >> don't tell anybody. Okay. Well, that's all right. >> Hear anything. So, we were like, okay, we'll try back. So that's cool. >> We got to go on, which we didn't think we'd make it this trip. So it was really nice to see them open it early. >> I'm glad they did, too. I think it's been done for a while. So I think they just kind of were like, "Okay, it's busy. Let's just open it." >> Yeah. I think the first day was open to only Club 33 members. >> Oh, that they do that. >> We sell a Club 33 hats and wristbands and we kind of went, "Oh my gosh." >> Yeah. They didn't even do AP previews for it. >> No. No. That's what we asked. We thought maybe. the rumors were going around. >> I love your hat, by the way. When I was uh younger, I had one of those. Similar, not quite the same, >> but pretty. I'm glad they brought it back. >> We haven't tracked it down, right? >> Yeah. So, one uh stay. It was like about 2 years ago or 3 years ago. You cannot find this hat anywhere online or like anywhere in the parks. So, our last day, like our last full day, we went to Hollywood and we kind of just gave up. So, we just started shopping around >> and I'm like, "Mom, look, there's the Donald Cat." >> And so, we bought it like right away. >> Oh, I'm so glad. >> Did you guys want to say hi to everybody on the live stream? >> Yeah, sure. >> What are your names? >> Genon and Jill. >> Nice to meet you both. >> Yep. >> Where are you from? >> Chicago. >> Chicago. Okay. Very cool. Yeah, I'm from Champagne originally, so not too far away. >> Yeah, we watch all the time when we can't be here, but we were lucky enough to be here this trip and we usually stay here, but we weren't this time, so we had to come by and check it out. It's our favorite. >> Yeah, for sure. >> Like reminds us of home. >> Oh, yeah. >> When you're from the Midwest, this feels like home. >> It does. No, it's very nice. I love it. I I Oh, they're doing their thing. Somebody asked for ketchup. Someone had a really loud ketchup uh roar about an hour ago. Really? >> Like really intense. It was pretty cool. >> I asked for a coke refill and got four pictures one time. I mean like they like she brought a picture. I was like, "Thanks." And then she brought like another one and then another one. And it Yeah, it's just really funny. >> I don't think I can finish this one. >> I was like, "Yeah, that's not going to happen." So then I started passing them out to the other tables. >> Can you share my coffee? Do you want a quick picture? >> Yeah. >> Is it okay if we get a picture? >> Of course. >> Okay. >> All right. Thank you so much. >> Of course. My pleasure. >> All right. >> You guys enjoy the rest of your trip. >> All right. You have a good night. >> Bye. >> Take care. See you soon. >> You too. >> I love this totem here. Wendy has gifted five memberships to Ash, Scott, uh, Greg's Disney Adventures, Ally, and Mary. Welcome back. There we go. Yeah, I love this totem. It's very cool. We got to go into the train the train building, too. And then maybe we can get back on the boat uh a little before 9:30. So, we'll only make it to this resort in Pali. Sorry, but I don't want to rush. And sorry, I I got a message from uh Chris, one of our hoppers, that said they were at Full Wilderness, and I didn't get a chance to respond. I've been so busy, so I'm not going to make it over there. But I'll be watching the launch tomorrow, probably from a parking lot where Liam's uh musical rehearsal is. Not the best place, but you know, got to do what you got to do. Where can we nonp passholders stay off site park to resort hop coming in two weeks. Uh where can you park? Here's my best advice. Uh if you want to park hop, go to the park that is closest to the resort you want to go to. Go especially if you're in AP, you can park at any park for free. >> So go to the um like if you want to if you want to park out Magic Kingdom Resorts, just park at TTC. If you got a annual pass, they will always let you park there. Um, and then after that, go to um, just take transportation wherever you want to go. It's only Disney Springs that's blocked out right now, and I think it's only four right now. And then the other thing you can do is for Epcot, you know, park for Epcot Resorts Park at Epcot, walk over uh, or you can take transportation also from any park. You can take a bus from anywhere. And I don't think they're scanning from there. >> Look at this Mickey Ranger Mickey shirt. That's fun. Uh, Mickey mom, Jenna, I'm not really sure if there's probably streamers streaming it. I don't know. >> Um, not sure. I forgot to ask Ron if he was doing it. And Jenna might be doing Let me text Jenna and see if she's doing it just so she knows. So you guys know, she will already know. This is a nice wilderness lobster TV. How are you? >> Good. How are you? >> Good. My son's a big fan. >> Oh, nice to meet you. >> Watching and he goes, he's where we are cuz we're at the dinner with the Snow White. >> Oh, yeah. He's like, he's coming here. He's coming here. Now he's nervous all of a sudden. Oh, that's okay. I understand. >> At the Halloween party last year, you >> Very nice. Remind me your names. >> Uh Tim and Timmy. >> Tim and Timmy. >> Yeah. >> Nice to meet you both. >> You watch them all the time. >> Happy birthday. >> Thank you. >> Do you want to say hi on the live stream? >> Yeah. >> All right. Tim and Timmy. >> Hi. >> Are you from New York? >> New Jersey. >> New Jersey. Okay. I see the New York hat, so close enough. >> Yes. >> That's awesome. >> We're We're big fans by virtue of him being a big fan. >> Oh, I love that. >> It's great what you guys do. We love it. How did you find us? Did you just surf from the internet one day and came up on Resort TV one stream? >> Same with the Disney. He loves anything Disney. >> Yeah. >> Um and he just gets into it and he follows all the, you know, tries to follow the different people and he has you guys are like up on his >> Oh, I love that. So, >> he's always looking for where you guys are. >> Good. >> Right. We have fun watching. >> We just caught you by a minute. >> Yeah. >> They were You were on the boat behind us. We came We were on the boat. He goes, "He's at the dock where we were. They're coming." >> And you're going to dinner here at the Snow White thing? Yeah, we're doing dinner right now. Yeah, >> that's awesome. Well, thank Oh, thank you for stepping out of your dinner to come say hi. >> And can you just can we get a >> Of course. Come on over here. >> Thank you so much. >> Can you say hello to Jenna if you say hi? >> She's not here right now, but yeah, we say hi to her on the stream. >> All right. >> Did you get her? >> Get it? >> Thank you so much for your time. We >> Yeah, for sure. >> Bye, Josh. >> Bye. >> Take care. >> See you guys later. Focus. No focus. It's not doing it. It's funny. It's a little picky about wanting to switch to the It doesn't always want to switch to the wide angle. Try on the hat and do a selfie. Sure. No, I'm good. I wonder if it'll I wonder why it won't focus. >> Huh. >> Maybe I need to switch lenses here real quick. So, >> I can I can switch to ultra wide and it'll work from that. There it goes. It was stuck. >> Oh, he's saying, "I love that." It won't focus it on the hat. David, >> that's a really cool shirt. >> Of course, we met, we didn't meet, we saw uh nothing wrong on the back. We saw uh Frank Welker and got to meet Peter Cohen. And uh Frank Walker was Megatron and he also was a voice for a while of Smokey the Bear. I don't think he did all of them, but he did some of them. I don't remember how long he said he did it for. Thank you for walking through the parks and lodge. It's our favorite resort. I walk on the treadmill while you walk through Walt Disney World. Love it. It's great. You get to walk while I walk. We all stay in shape. It's a good day. Yeah. I love the Smokeoky the Bear stuff. >> Yeah, Frank Wilker did everything. He did Fred Fred uh Jones the uh Fred from uh Scooby-Doo. I never knew his last name, but yeah. Anyway, talked about that already. >> Jenna, you and Jenna should be the godp parentents of Disney. Believe that'd be amazing. But yeah, we're not quite well known enough for that. But that'd be amazing. I'm sure they're going to pick somebody great, though. That's awesome. They got the Smokey the Bear, an actual bear, and a moose. Yeah. Frank Walker and Peter Pan have huge catalogs of work. Agreed. All right. David said, "With all the walking to the refrigerator, do you think I'd be in better shape?" David. David. What do they say? Round is a shape. No, I'm just kidding. You're not round. Oh, I was like, that door is not going to open. I'm glad I didn't walk any faster. It's just like, no. Get a drink here. Yeah. So, here in a few minutes, we'll head back to the dock so we can get a boat to Magic Kingdom. I always love this area. It's a nice arcade, too. Pac-Man baller. That looks fun. Wow. You think kids now know who Smokeoky the Bear is? Probably mostly moms and dads, but I don't know. Don't know the answer to that question. Oh yeah, I was going to text Jenna. I got distracted. I was going to text Jenna about who if she's streaming the rocket launch tomorrow. Hold on. Hey Kama, are you streaming the rocket launch tomorrow? So, Lumin has just started. Luminous. I can't talk. But yeah, if you want to resort hop, the easiest way is if if you can't do Disney Springs, the easiest way is to park at a park and take a bus or whatever transportation they've got from there around 6 or 6:24 p.m. People were asking comment and I can't do it because of Liam's rehearsal. It's voice a text. I've always wanted to be a godp parentent of a Disney cruise ship. Not really. I mean, it would be amazing honor, but I I just I never thought that it would be possible. They pick like, you know, actual stars and people for that. I appreciate that you think that Jen and I are worthy of that, though. >> Totally up to you. Period. I think it will be pretty cool because it will be the biggest launch since 1972. Okay, she's thinking about it. I don't know that I ever like went out here and just like looked at the patios and stuff. This whole building, the whole thing is just neat. Like it's like just being out in it's like being out in the woods and stuff. I could definitely voice a cartoon character. Maybe. I'm not good with voice consistency. Those guys are so good at switching into a voice and it's like shifting into a gear on a car. Like I can do Kermit. Hi girl, Kermit the Frog here. And today we're going to be studying the on the Muppet Show. Yay. Like I can do it for a while and then I'll say something and it'll not sound like Kermit at all. I guess I have to practice. It smells good in here. My nose is so stuffy. Oh, hold on. There we go. No, I would not like to be the captain of the Titanic, the second ship, someday. No, I would not like an Opal Lumba. Oh, that'd be cool. Shaggy. This is so cool on here. >> So, Mr. Master, I think the the resort bus thing is just temperate, but we'll see. Engle Nook, a nook by a large open fireplace. >> Also, a bench or seats occupying the nook. It's a nook. The name is Smokey Bear. Yeah, that's probably right. Everybody always just says Smokey the Bear. I always did, but yeah, I'm sure I'm sure it's not the right thing. You just get stuck saying stuff, you know, after a while. >> It's good. Yeah, the ceiling's great. Yes. This is the vacation club resort we used to This is where we used to own or we mom and dad used to own. I didn't. But yeah. >> And here's the Carolwood Pacific Room. I love this music. Very peaceful in here. Well, you could just hang out here, you know. What a neat place. That's a picture of Walt's backyard with the steam engine or the locomot steam engine, the locomotive that he had. I don't think it was steam. I don't think it was steam powered. Was it? And here's a here's a look at it. Yeah, this place is great at Christmas. And then over here is one of the trains. And it's even worn from people sitting on it. built by the first Disney imagineer road, Roger Broie, brought great joy to Walt and anyone who visited this 5acre property on Carowwood Drive. I wonder what's in the backyard now there cuz I know there's some been some people, some vloggers and stuff who've visited that recently. Um I know a few other people who visited it too that shall remain anonymous, but um yeah, got to talk to some people that visited it and uh just saw pictures and everything of Walt's old house. That would be awesome. I would be forever grateful to get to visit that sometime. Even the studio. I'd love to visit the studio, too. Haven't done that yet. Bucket list. The the studio. The house making friend. This was on June 18th. 1955. The head lampamp had not been installed yet. Wow. Yeah. >> There's Mickey. So great. I grew up near a steel mill. There's something nostalgic about hearing trains at night. Miss that sound. Yeah, for sure. It's a fun little table game thing. It's hard to imagine in just 12 months we can have resort TV1 home start looking for a place. That's amazing, David. So cool. Good for you guys. Cindy says, "A house in the studio has always been on my bucket list." Yeah, for sure. Oh, here. Easter activities. How fun. They used to do church services on the lawn at some of the resorts. I don't think they do that anymore, but they used to. They used to. Is this new music? It doesn't seem like it's the same as normal. I don't know. Can a re Can resort TV1 homes arrange for a sublet your garage? Sure. We'll get right on that. Matilda with me. Isn't that the Isn't that the uh But that's Australian. Isn't that the uh the melody? >> Yeah. >> Good to see you, cardboard box. All right, we're going to start heading towards the boat. See if we can do a little fireworks cruise. This is where I always get hit for a copyright, but it's okay. Just going to remove it later. Make sure you can hear my lovely voice over it. And that's it. Leaving, but thank you for the stream. Very relaxing. You're welcome, Mark's family. Appreciate that. Yes, Walty Matilda. You'll come a waling Matilda with me. So it sound like my grandparents went to Australia. They came home trying to teach all of us grandkids that song. And you know what? It was really cute. That's a good memory. That was just random. That just popped into my head. I hadn't thought about that for a long time. The brain is an interesting thing. It's like the little inside out guys are like, "Hey, hey, we got a file for you." Oh, that was a neat file. That was a very neat file. Hey, Lori. Good to see you. >> Jenna says she will see tomorrow what the weather looks like. She's worried that you won't be able to see it, but I think you'll be able to. The toilet flushes in the opposite direction. Oh my goodness. It could be dangerous. The Disney Family Museum and Studio Tour are on my bucket list. Yes, I'd like to do both of those, too. San Fran and Burbank are two different trips. Yeah, that is true. Here, let's uh let's go to ultra wide. Bam. This place needs the ultra wide. Hey, David T. We stopped in to say hello. Thanks for saying hi. Music is totally different. Used to sound like Aaron Copeland. I know. I thought the same thing. Why would they change it? She is a be indeed. They don't build them like this anymore. They don't build these big lobbies because they're not cost effective. See, this is space that could be rooms, but it's not. What do they do? >> So they build the they build more narrow they don't build square buildings. They build narrow buildings so they can fill them with rooms that have windows on either side. Of course, nobody want to have a room in this middle section because you you you know you it' just be a wall. So So they build narrow buildings. Now we have to go for science. Yeah. The smell um you know I don't know. It's kind of a fresh smell to me. My my nose isn't working very well today. It was kind of a sweet flowery smell in the other building. What do you think about Family Matters? I can't remember. Family Matters came here. Yeah, it does remind you of Great Wolf Lodge for sure. So nice. And of course, we've got the uh the fireplace. Always nice. The cannons work at Rise in Disneyland, so we have to go. Yeah, I actually have been there. Um, well, I mean, this summer, yeah, the I rode it and the cannons were working. It's pretty cool. Not sure why ours don't work. What's nice with contemporaries, you can remove rooms from the outside built that way. Yeah, I don't think they ever will, though. I think that it they might be technically possible, but they've been sitting in there so long I think they might be afraid to cause some structural damage. So, yeah, technically they slid them in, but I don't know how easy it would be to slide them out. So, Oh, cool. Lori, I'm glad you've been to the Walt Disney Museum. It is cool though if you see pictures of the Contemporary where they were sliding the rooms in. I never went to Chandler Shanter, but I heard about it. Yeah, Greg, I remember you sent me pictures of the studio tour. That's pretty cool. It's >> a territory lounge. remember to the beach club. Check out something else. Maybe they have >> I had a really long day and I can't tell you how much I appreciate you showing the fountain. >> My absolute favorite place to be. It's a nice place indeed. This is such a great such a great place up here. Some other kid didn't have. >> Well, I've never I've never eaten at Artist Point before. >> Maybe one of these days I will. Okay. There's the Royan Fork. That's the tiny little food court here. And go in there real quick. They got a little bit to eat there, but not a ton. >> Go Hoosiers. >> All righty. Anything mean for you. All right. >> Thank you so much. Have a great night. Let's make sure we got >> I like the the IU the who whoer that's always really fun when I was in school. was just a kind of like a call. It was It was kind of like that was So this is very similar but a little catchier actually. We weren't winning back then. So there wasn't like a lot of reason to do it a lot other than just we liked the school and we were having fun. The guy had IU shirt and hat on. Oh, it smells so great here. The bromine, it's amazing. Glad this is done. Well, I I bet Greg Guy, I would love to do the studio tour. I don't think you can get up here this way. I don't think so. Let's just see. We got a little bit of time. Uh, I don't know, Mr. Master. I think it's just the moon is so much brighter than the surrounding area that it just causes a halo around it no matter what kind of lens you use. Unless you have like a really powerful filter on it. Maybe you can go up here. Let me see. Uh, I almost forget. No, you can't. No, there's no way up over here. It's only on the one side. Yeah, there's a restroom over here, but no, there's no way to get up there besides doing some rock climbing, which they do not want you to do. Do I miss the iPod? I mean, I still have one. Not really. It was cool cuz it had the little, you know, wheel that you could spin around and that was how you got to your songs and stuff. Like, it was revolutionary for its time. There's a reason why everybody wanted one. I mean, that's what started that's what kind of like gave birth to the iPhone. Pink for Oh, it's called a pink moon. Pink for spring, not the color. Interesting. I've seen the blood moon. That's interesting. Let's go back up. Sorry, I just want to go up on the balcony up there. See, this is the way to get up. You can also go through the uh you can also go through this hallway over here to get up to the top level. Uh, but that's actually too good if you've got they're elevators, but if you've got a scooter or wheelchair, you just go that way or even a stroller. Let's go over here. I never stayed here. Never investigated. I like being near the poles, etc. But it looks like a place indeed where we stayed. Oh, fun, Rita. Well, you should definitely should definitely check it out if you can. Been on that path for a 2 am fire alarm. Nice. That does happen sometimes. Okay. Reminds me of the little Pirates Cove golf course. Yeah, some ways. All right, let's go this way. So, stay tuned. I am going to take you hopefully on a fireworks cruise. We'll see what happens. Hey, James. A this is nice. This is the overlook. I probably better go. Actually, I don't want to get on the boat, too. Oh, well, there's that also. Cool. Let's see if I can get down there for that. That is the electrical water pouch. And if you're not familiar with that, yeah, you're right, uh, Mr. Master. I would be able to see it, but I wouldn't be able to make it to the, uh, boat on time to see the fireworks if I did that. My legs are a little sore from the uh running yesterday. Have you ever watched Hamilton? Uh parts of it, not the whole thing. I guess I do love the music. Disneyland Montreals are closed. Interesting. I still have my original iPod touch first gen. Oh, wow. I have an iPod Touch second gen still. I need to get it out actually. I can't remember if mine had a camera on it or not. I think it did. Yay! A thanks Cindy. There he is. D do d do d do d do d do d do d do d do d do d do d do d do Meow meow meow. No, you're fine. >> Do no one. Right. Some of their first music. All right. Ow. Meow. Meow. All right, I better go find a spot in minor. I'm not going to make it. Oh, in line for the boat. >> There's a line. Jesus Christ. >> There we go. No, I wasn't in line. I I came over there to get a better view. The little uh shelter there blocks the view a little bit. Yeah, >> basically. The people Great. >> All right, there you go. >> It's been a wonderfully tranquil Tuesday. Thanks, Manoa J. Appreciate it. I hope we get a boat soon so we can get a little fireworks view, but we may miss the beginning of it. It's only 2 minutes from now. So, I guess I the problem is if I would have taken the other if I would have ever Sorry. If I would have gotten on it earlier, we would have missed it for sure. We would have been at the dock before the show. Excuse me. Yeah, we'll see. Oh, here. Let's turn up the brightness so we can see a little better out here. and that big spot right there so we can race. >> Yeah. Thanks to all the ninja watchers. We appreciate you guys. >> So stay with me. This will be partial firework cruise. So that'll be fun. >> Yeah, that's right. And tomorrow we are doing the Disney springtime surprise. If you want to support it, there's the link right there. We're raising money for experience camps, which is for people who um for children who have experienced the loss of a loved one, a family member, a caregiver um or somebody like that that they've experienced the loss of it and it helps them process the grief. There's counseling, there's fun with other children who have similar experience and just a lot of um a lot of fun for sure. >> You know, it's a good cause, I guess, is what I'm trying to say. coming up. >> Well, good luck. >> I guess we mistimed this a little bit, but that's all right. >> We can watch it from here. >> I hear it. They actually play the music over there, too. But not here. It's not a great place to watch here, even though you will be able to see it. >> We'll see if we get a boat in time. >> You thought I was in Shades of Green. Yeah, it's hard to tell where I am right now. >> Look at me. Stop it. That's it. X and Finley say hello. Hey guys. >> What? What? What? >> No, I'm not buckling. >> It's bedtime, but I'm not prepared for that. Yeah, I know. >> You know, >> Liam's pretty easy at bedtime. He's just not as easy getting up sometimes. >> Here we go. Here it comes. Oh, no. This is the second second phrase. Sorry. >> You know what I mean? >> No, I think she knows. >> Oh, yeah. David, I I saw what you said about Shades of Green. Yeah. >> Nope. Not here. >> No boat run during the fireworks due to how close to launch I >> um I've been on a boat during fireworks before. You hated a girl. >> I don't think that's true. >> No. Say yes. >> Yeah. >> The even the ferry boat runs. >> That's it. It like echoed off the building over there. Good luck, big roots. >> You got this. >> Mom, I see Mom, I see a store. >> Yeah, the launchers are behind MK. That's That's another good point. Cardboard box. >> Yeah. Thanks for being part of the magic tonight, everybody. This is not what I planned, but it worked out fine. I just hope I get to the park before the fireworks close so I can get on the boat before the big crowd hits. Otherwise, it's going to be rough. >> Next time we'll remember to leave earlier. chilly and I didn't bring >> Not a great view from here at all, but that's okay. >> Fireworks, baby. >> Yeah. I'm surprised they don't play the I mean, you can kind of hear the music, but I'm surprised they don't play it. >> I guess it's just cuz it's like not a good view here. That's true. Carboox. >> Oh, it is playing over here. >> You have to go all the way out to the end of the dock, though. >> Hi. >> Then I'll lose my spot. >> Hi. >> Hi. >> Do you watch the fireworks? Good one. Look at her. >> Out there. >> Oh, well. Here comes a boat. Oh, it'd be really pretty from Discovery Island. >> Just think of that view is on this. Yeah, >> it'd be over here. >> Be uh where is it? >> Out there. right there. >> Hey. >> Hey. >> Yeah, I'll be right out there. >> I'm actually surprised it's not here yet. >> Uh, no, Mr. Master, I don't have any infinity focus yet. He's still working on it. We'll get there. There's a boat heading to Wilderness or to Fort Wilderness now. But >> Big Beautiful Tomorrow says, "So great running into you at the lodge today, Josh. Jill and Ganon Donald." I love that. >> Nice to meet you both as well. That was great. Yeah, the Donald Duck hat brings back good memories. >> The roar of the firework coming off that building over there is crazy. Oh, here it comes. Maybe. Maybe. >> No, I don't think that boat's coming here. It might be. >> Oh, I think it is. That'll be great. So, we can see part of it. >> Okay. >> You okay? Yes, Jenna is going to stream tomorrow. >> Yep, I did post a new relaxing fil today. All the boats slowed down to get their Yeah, I know. But they they do that actually, which is really nice. But they still have to keep moving. >> So, we have about >> We have about 11 minutes left of the show, so hopefully we'll see some of it. Watch out. >> That one. >> Oh, good. It's a big one. We should have plenty of room. >> Take a while for everybody to get off though. Yeah, wizarding wands. I hope they do, too. >> Oh, thanks. If you can dream it, I appreciate that. She the timing is just right. I hope so. >> We'll see. It's going to be hard to get a a front or a back spot. We'll see if we can though. I had spring break uh not last week but the week before like two weeks ago. 15 minutes. Fantastic. Spring break starts tomorrow. Yeah, we're on Thursday. That's interesting. Or on Wednesday. That's interesting. >> Yeah, Doug, I think the restriction will get re relaxed. I think it's mostly just for Disney Springs uh buses right now cuz I haven't had any issue uh getting on boats and stuff over here at all. So, like I said, if you really want to do some hopping, I think that Well, that's pretty. I think the best way to do it would be to go ahead and uh the best way to do it would be to go ahead and uh park at a resort. Sorry, not park. You can't park at the resort. Park at a park. >> Park at a park and then take the bus to the resort >> from the park or other transportation you can do. >> While we're waiting for the boat, we also have David's DBC rentals. DBCrequest.com/tv dbcrequest.com/tv. So go check it out. David CBC Rentals dbcrequest.com/tv if you want to get cuz you don't >> Yeah. If you want to find a um >> If you want to find a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, check out Davis DVC rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. We also have um behind the ride on Amazon and Disney Demystified. Two books about how awesome >> and how the Disney resorts were built. >> It's Behind the Ride on Amazon and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Go check it out. >> Yes, it's a maritime flag. >> They have the maritime flags on all the boats. Uh, it's not quite I think it it is like only 13 stars I think like the original colony flag I believe is what they use. I'm not sure exactly. >> Got it. >> Hey Drew, how are you? >> I do. Wow, it just now got everybody off the boat. It's crazy. A lot of people. Those boats fit a lot of people. Now they got to load the wheelchairs and then we should be on. >> So, if you're wondering if they can load scooters and wheelchairs, yes, but only on the bigger boats. So, if you are on a smaller boat, you uh either have to transfer or you have to um wait for a bigger one. That's the way that works. Oh, sorry. We missed most of the fireworks tonight, but it's always an adventure. You never know. And we'll be back next time. I'll figure out how to get on the uh >> earlier boat. No, Sith, they didn't check that. It's just at the buses that they do that >> at Disney Springs apparently. >> No, I just got on the boat. No problem. >> The Mega Con vlog was so awesome. Thanks for sharing with us. You're welcome. Everybody, >> I've done behind the scenes. I just I can't stream it. >> Christopher, have a great evening. We're at the campground. We'll try to connect before we leave. Yeah, sorry, Christopher. I didn't make it over. I'm sorry. And thanks for the PayPal. Really appreciate it. >> Grandpa's circle. Thank you guys. >> All right, my friends. Ask the guys to leave their first leave first. >> I might not have been responsible. That's actually the first feature for another family to meet you guys. >> Is the front open? >> Oh, perfect. >> Yay. We might actually get some type of view. It'll be on this side just in case. All right. It's almost over, guys. Oh well. >> The internet doesn't know how many this boat holds. I don't know either. Oh, well, >> thanks for sitting there. >> All right, it's going to be it's going to be hard getting out of here. >> I should probably just walk. >> Please take your time. >> Once we load everybody, we should be able to go, but it's going to be tight. >> It's only two more minutes of the show left. Watch your step. >> Oh well. >> Next time. >> Or maybe this is it. >> No, I don't think so. Not yet. >> Welcome aboard. For your safety, please keep your hands and legs at all time and supervise your children. Now relax and enjoy your cruise. >> Yeah, we have seen the fireworks a few times. >> Thanks for sailing. >> These boats can hold a ton of people. Right, we're about to go. At least we'll get a good view, but like I said, I am a little worried about a little worried about finding being able to get on the the the boat or the Montreal to get home or to get back to TTC. No, I didn't know that. Oh, thanks family. I tried. >> There's the end. All right. Oh, great. More copyrighted music. Oh, well. >> All right, I think that's about it. Oh, yeah. Here it comes. Oh, I'm glad. Okay. Well, I'm glad glad it worked out for you guys. I'm glad you guys enjoyed it anyway. >> Oh, I hear the water pas over there now. It's over by Fort Wilderness. >> So, right after the fireworks, they have it. That's nice. Wonder what we're waiting for. >> Oh, it's going to be so busy by the time we get there. I'm going to be so late getting home. What are we waiting for? Oh my gosh, it's going to be so busy. >> Oh, awesome. David, you're going to be here for the 250th? That's awesome. That'll be fun. It'll be a really big July 4th for sure. I'm >> not a big fan of this version of the song. >> Probably just go back and MK. I know, but I got to get up tomorrow. Dear principal, please excuse Josh from first period. We kept him out late last night. Totally our fault. Oh, that's my fault for getting on the wrong boat. I should have got on the one before this. I might as well just walk at this point. Like from not from here. I can't walk from here, but from Magic Kingdom, I can walk to TTC. >> I should have left way earlier. >> Oh well. Hi Keith. Oh, he said we're waiting for the firework pontoons. Jeez. >> Kingdom Hearts. My brother played that. I never played it really much. I don't know much about it. It look I mean it looks interesting for sure. Dave, you have no sound. That's weird. Well, I can't talk to you, I guess, if you have no sound. Attention all hand. Welcome aboard. For your safety, please keep your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside our boat at all times. Now relax and enjoy your crew and we'll have you call in just a few minutes. Thanks for >> um the other boat goes to Contemporary Campground. Oh yeah, Christopher, I did I did know that. That's the blue the blue flag boat. I've been on that one too, but um I wanted to get back to Magic Kingdom cuz my car is at TTC, so I need to get back to TTC somehow. Here we go. Heat. Heat. Oh. I guess I could have gone to Contemporary and taken the monitor off from there. That would have been a good That would have been a better plan, maybe. I'm in villains. I got to turn the fireworks back on. We have like a great view from here. It's a little chilly, but it's not bad just with the breeze. It's only I mean, it's like 71 though, so it's not bad. It's just the breeze. Some people might want a jacket. I'm good for now. I really enjoyed Tranquil Tuesday. Great memories of Wilderness Lodge when kids were young. Oh, you're welcome. Here comes all the fireworks boats. Oh my goodness. So I guess I guess you guys get to see how long the line is when I get there. >> They're still waiting for the boats to get through. So, you think the fireworks bar just could wait for one uh resort transport boat to transport boat to go through? Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed the boat rides and the previews. kind of close to Liberty Bell. I think last time they saw her, she was out. There's a there's a dock over here somewhere. It's just a little inlet in the trees somewhere. I think right where the trees are really low there in the middle maybe is where it is. It could No, it could also be further over. It's really hard to see. >> It's out here somewhere. Yes. What? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I said the resort Montreal isn't too bad. We'll just do that. >> Sorry, I'm like out of it. I'm like falling asleep. I was up at 5:00 this morning. >> I got up early cuz I had my blood taken this morning. preparing to dock. This is a free floating vessel and docking can be bumpy at times. For your safety, if you are seated, remain seated and if you're standing, hold on to the handles. Please keep your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat until the captain gives you the hall clear. Oh, sure. I didn't get a snack. I know. I'm trying to cut down so I can do better on my race. I was going to David, I love the water mouse. They were so much fun. Well, actually, the ferry boat line doesn't look terrible. Might be able to catch a fairy boat. Maybe that's the way. We'll see. We'll evaluate our options here in a second. All right. I will have to go through security again, though. Even though I'm not technically going to the park, I'm still crossing the dock. So, you do have to go through security. Wow. >> Yeah, Heather. We'll see. Wonder if they have any rooms open tonight. Contemporary. No. My wife would be really mad. That would be a bad idea. I bet they don't anyway. Oh no, there's like a crazy line. Holy cow. My gosh. That's right, David. Express Montreal. No, the Express Montreal is going to have the longest line anywhere. It does kind of look like the ex the resort Montreal is not as bad. We'll have to see. Anyway, all right. I gota get my BRB ready for you guys. We got a new Patreon member. Uh Diana, thank you, Diana, for being a new Patreon member. All right, there we go. I'm going to go ahead and turn on the uh >> There we go. All right. Once we get off the boat, We'll be uh on our way. Thank you. >> Okay. >> Thank you. >> Oh, yeah. Resort Montreal looks manageableish. So, so yeah, we'll see. All right, I'll be right back. Got to go through security. Heat. Heat. Oh, >> this is what the line for the Montreal looks like. This is the uh line for the uh express Montreal. This is what the line for the ferry boat looks like. And it's a crazy crazy time when you leave Magic Kingdom right after fireworks. And it's not even right after. It's uh it's uh half an hour after. And you can see the ferry boat line is very very very busy. And the uh resort Montreal line or the express Montreal line is also very very busy. So yeah, there you go. So that's uh kind of what you're looking for. So that's what you'll notice if you if you leave after fireworks, you end up with this situation. So I always say to wait a little bit cuz you don't want to you don't want to be here. in that. >> But a little tip is to take the resort Montreal because sometimes it's a little bit faster. >> And actually, it lined up even more while I was showing that. But anyway, it's all right. It was worth it. All right. >> Okay. I guess I need to plug in here in a minute. I guess you guys can come with me. You want to come with me? We might as well. We're in it to win it now. as my wife says. All right, I could walk to Contemporary, but I think this actually is going to be faster. >> There's no line here. I'll take you right home. There you go. Yeah, that that might uh Yeah, I appreciate the thought, David. Yeah, that might take longer since you have to come from a New Jersey. Even if you had a jet, if you had a jet, it would still be it still wouldn't be as fast. My gosh, that's a long line down there. >> Yeah, stay and hit the rides to avoid the mess for sure. You got the battery to plug in. It's >> all right. Oops. I was trying to plug in and that didn't work. Try it again. >> Oh boy, that's not working. Hold on. >> Uh, let's see here. There we go. >> Are you in training? >> Yeah. And I've done this before though and I've waited in this line in the resort and then I've noticed the express one goes by faster. It's so funny. We'll see. They've taken other people back to their hotel too or to the parking lot or where >> I don't know if you guys even want to be be uh do you guys even want to like watch this this part is kind of boring, right? But maybe it's not bad. I don't know. I know a lot of people need to go to bed, including me. I'm wearing so bad. I got it. metal. Great. >> Was there a wire in it? >> I mean, it's easier to hook in. You >> might want to use the other one. I don't know. First hotel on property I stayed at, believe it or not, was Polynesian. That's a pretty pretty good one to start with, right? So we always used to stay at um we always used to stay of course you know off property and then when we um one time mom and dad decided to surprise us with a couple nights at um >> our first thought is like my child >> Polynesian which was awesome. We didn't even know what it was. We were just kind of like >> they were like we're staying at Polynesian. Oh my gosh. Are you guys excited? We're like yeah what is it? We didn't get it. So that was kind of interesting. So I know 2 hours later. So anyway, >> but staying in Poly the first time ruined the rest? Not really. Cuz I I think I just understood, you know, the other resorts for what they were. You know, they were I think they all they all served their purpose well. You know what I mean? Like I kind of understood even as a kid that not all of the resorts had to be like Polynesian. Like it was supposed to be special and you know same with you know the other grand plidian and and contemporary and all those. So Can I get you? Riverside is great. We love Riverside. >> Yeah, we had a lot of fun at Riverside. Uh we stayed there a lot growing up. That was probably that may have been the second one I stayed at. Then we stayed at Key West quite a bit whenever we had uh DBC points because you could you could really you could uh definitely like you could uh stay there longer. The points it didn't cost as many points is what I'm trying to say. Very poorly. >> No, daddy. This is what you guys don't usually see. You don't usually see this part. This is what we after the stream we say good night and everything's fine and then we like we like wait for the Montreal or we wait for the boat. It's still fun. But you know, this is the part that it's like, "Oh my gosh, I just want to get home." Like I love Magic Kingdom, but there's times when it's just like uh which is why it's nice to leave at like 11:00 or 11:30, but can't do that tonight. Uh, let's see. Super chat from KT99. Thanks, Josh. You're the best. Thanks, KT. Appreciate the super chat very much. A little kid over here clapping. That's what you're hearing. Yeah. Thank you. I am ready. belly. Do you collect anything, Disney? Um, I don't know. Not really. I mean, shirts. I'm probably shirts is the thing that I collect more than anything. We should be on the next one after this, once the platform clears. Oh, there you go. see it a second time tonight. Maybe once I close the doors, it'll be uh time for us to get on. But probably the express line will probably be clear by then. That's how it goes. I should learn and just get in line for express. I don't know. I actually We'll see what happens when the when the Montreal leaves, but I think I'll probably I'll probably end up actually ending up getting on this one first. Okay. I think Let's go this way. There's going to be more people. >> More room this side. >> Oh, no, no, no. We're We're still going to be at the other side, it looks like. All right, we need to we need to move on here down the road. >> That's fun. all the way down please Nobody normal. Oh, >> yeah. We've done I've done the Simpsons ride. Not we're not allowed to film it, but yeah, I've done Simpsons. It's fun. You gladly real. I hope we get one soon. The original Montreal had about 200 capacity. But when they saw the bottleneck, they ordered fairy boats. Yeah, that's probably a good plan. I thought they had the very rich in the beginning. That's not Yeah, I like the new buzz ride. It's good. I mean, it's not new, but I like the new uh like reverb for it. I think it's good. Heat. Heat. Mon blue. Number 10 again. >> Hey Vicki. >> Yes, I am out late on a school night. I didn't mean to be. All right, here we go. Well, >> thanks for staying with us. I know it's boring this last part, but oh well. You get to see the whole journey. I'm kind of out of it, so apologies. Thanks, Baldi 10. Appreciate it. >> There we go. Good evening everyone and welcome aboard Montreal Blue on behalf of the entire cast of Walt Disney World Resort. We hope you enjoy your day at the Magic Kingdom. Our next stop is going to be Disney's Contemporary Resort with walking bridge access to Baylight Tower. For your safety and if you're staying, please hold on to the silver handrails to do not lean against the automatic doors. For those of you traveling in the Magic Kingdom parking lot, you'll need to remain on board for at least one more stop. Your stop is two stops away at the transportation ticket center. Once again, welcome aboard our highway in the sky. I'm honor. >> Oh no, there's still quite the line. Okay, >> so I did do I did do good by doing this. Look. >> Wow. Yeah, there's still an insane line. There's an hour after fireworks almost. It's still insane. An hour after fireworks and it's still insane fairy boat. Look at this. >> Wow. It's better just to wait till after close. >> Thanks, Carl. >> Yeah. Did all right. I just have to remember to leave the resorts earlier next time. Don't worry, Josh. It actually gives me that late night after a long day at MK feeling. Can't wait to see on site again soon. Thanks for bringing the magic. Oh, thanks, Cindy. Oh, it's so nice. >> I couldn't see the buses. Sorry. ticket center with continuing service to DH and Grand. We are now passing Tower Disney. Folks, those of you exiting Monter at this time, if you're traveling with a stroller, scooter, or wheelchair, please make your way towards our elevator found towards the middle of the platform. If you are traveling without a stroller, scooter, or wheelchair, the escalator can be found towards the front of the Montreal. Thank you, and welcome to the Contemporary Resort. Yep. Standing room only. This is that time of night. Yeah, cast members doing a good job with the announcements. How oft do you manage to still do this every week? I'm 38 and already exhausted by 9:30. I don't know. I am pretty exhausted lately, actually. I'm not sure. I think I need some rest. Folks, those of you on the platform, this is going to serve as my final boarding call. Please go ahead and find that first available standing room spot as soon as you can. Uh, Mr. Clark, welcome aboard. >> Oh, that's funny. Cardboard box, you can give water from nipper to your god grows a fifth leg. It's hilarious. All right, here we go. >> Hey, we'll just end at TTC here in just a minute. Hope you guys have enjoyed. >> Good evening everyone and welcome aboard Montreal Blue. For those of you joining us, our next stop is going to be the transportation city center with connections available to the heroes and villains parking trim in the magic park parking lot as well as the Montreal for your safety. If you're standing, please hold on to those silver handrails. Do not lean against the outback doors throughout journey. Thanks and welcome aboard Montreal. >> If you just join, welcome aboard. For those of you, please hold on to the handrails throughout our journey and stay clear of the doors for the comfort of others. Our next stop will be which includes Magic Kingdom car and bus parking. To the right is Disney and 17 lagoon. To the left is Bay on the door of the Bay Area and Disney home to copper building together. retreat. >> Good night, Noel. Folks in the flight deck, we're approaching our stop at the transportation and ticket center. >> Flight deck trailing to the FCO Montreal. You're going to see a ramp in front of you as you exit on the train right hand side of forward motion. The ramp down to your right hand side is going to be your transfer to Epcot. The ramp down to your left is going to be for all other areas of the transportation ticket center, including the Magic Kingdom car and bus parking lot. For those of you looking for ride share pickup, such as Ubers or Lifts, follow the signs for bus parking. Third parties or shuttle buses can also be found there as well. If you happen to park in our Heroes lot, please keep an eye out for those blue umbrellas for the heroes tram. Villain's lot is marked by the red umbrellas for the villain's tram. If you parked in preferred or accessibility parking, the walkway to those locks can be found on the left hand side of the tram loading areas. Once again, please be sure to follow all directional signage as you exit to the train's right hand side in forward motion. On behalf of the entire cast of the Walt Disney World Resort, we hope you enjoyed your day with us and hope to see you all again real soon. If you enjoyed your ride aboard our highway in the sky tonight, my name is Brett from Auburn, Alabama. And if not, my name is Nick S from Tuscaloosa. >> Yeah, we're doing that. Once again, welcome to the trans folks. Have a great rest of your night and see. >> No, that's awesome, Stephen. >> All right, we made it. and collect your belongings and take them shelter by the hand. As you have, please lower your head and watch your step. Thank you. When boarding, please move all the way across your car. >> Excuse me. >> Offer available assistance. If you're standing, >> all right, stepped on my ankle and it was like, "No, stop it." Is there any type of emissions that the mono lets off inside the hotel? No, it's electric. I mean, like maybe from the air conditioning, but nothing that, you know, nothing that can't be like I think they they must have drip pans and stuff under it. You know, all air conditioning drips, but they probably got like condensate lines and stuff that like drain and everything to where it doesn't drain into the building. >> Either that or they've got like little covers. I think they've got also they've got like a it's always >> the mo always has something underneath of it when it's in the resort, but as far as the emissions know, it's all electric. I'm assembling my spreadsheet. Awesome, David. All right, guys. Well, we're going to say good night. I hope you've had a wonderful stream. Sorry if I was a little down for part of it. I've just been kind of I don't know just tired and kind of over some stuff a little bit. So, I'm just doing the best I can. But I hope that you've enjoyed at least some of it. So, we'll see you soon. Hopefully, we'll do better with the boats next time. But at least you got to see kind of a realistic look at how transportation can work here because sometimes it doesn't quite work the way you want it to. But it's still still fun. It's still fun times. So, all right. All right, I'm going to go over here by the ferry boat and uh we'll uh we'll say good night. So, thanks for watching. We appreciate you. >> I mean, she can have them, but >> So, don't forget to check out all the awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below. Uh we also have Dream Table on the app store if you want to find reservations for the hardest to find restaurants. Dream Table, that's Dream Table on the App Store. Also, excuse me, um, Layer One Technology. If you want, uh, IT service for your small or mediumsiz business, it's, um, layer onetone technology.com. So, I think I got them all. All right, let's see what else we got. Um, thank you Patreon members. Thank you moppers. Thank you hoppers. Thank you to um, >> officially open. >> Thank you to members. We appreciate you. All of our members. >> See if I can find There they are. >> Thank you to our members. Our platinum members, Haley. The platinum members are Haley Noah Blanc, Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Love Go Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jayla Moxley, Cicander, Donnie, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Brie, Alan J. Thank you everybody. We'll see you soon. Uh, I'm sending you over to the relaxing stroll channel tonight. So, if anybody wants to have something on in the background, uh, just go over to Resort TV 247 and watch the, uh, relaxing stroll channel a little bit. So, yeah, we'll see you soon. Don't forget to hit the like, subscribe if you're new, and, uh, we'll see you Friday, Friday Night Live. Jenna will be live tomorrow. I don't know if she's going to do the rocket launch. That's up to her. You'll have to you'll have to talk to her about that. So, but anyway, uh, we'll see you soon. All right, everybody. Uh, so for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
