---
video_id: RONV1kAA_1M
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Friday Night Live Stream Announcement - 3-13-26 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-03-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RONV1kAA_1M
---
Happy Friday everybody. Hi, this is Josh with Resort TV1 and today of course is Friday and that means you're probably wondering where we are going for Friday Night Live. So tonight for Friday Night Live, we will be enjoying an evening at the Magic Kingdom Montreal Resorts to check out all of the Easter decorations. A lot of people have been requesting this to go look at the Easter eggs and just to go and see all of the really cool decorations that Disney and the Disney culinary teams and all of the uh different resort teams have put up around the Magic Kingdom Monreal resorts. I've even heard there's a Muppet themed uh egg decoration area at I believe the Contemporary. So, that'll be really cool to see that as well as the eggs at the other resorts as well. We may even be able to do a magical side trip over to the Epcot resorts as well to see what they've got going on. So stay tuned for that. Definitely Magic Kingdom Resorts and we'll kind of play it by ear on the uh Epcot resorts. So either way, it's going to be a really really fun Friday night live checking out all of the Easter eggs all around the resorts. And of course, we'll have Happily Ever After Fireworks uh tonight at I believe 9:30. We'll have to see because last night on Thursday, it actually happened at 9:30. So, um, I noticed it as I was out walking the dog. I was like, "Oh, it's fireworks. Wait, it's 9:30." So, and I had to look at my phone and see that yes, fireworks in fact, uh, were at 5:30 on Thursday. So, or at 9:30, sorry, on Thursday. It' be hard to see at 5:30. Anyway, the point is, uh, it'll be either at 9 or 9:30 for fireworks happily ever after tonight. So, that'll be a lot of fun. And, uh, we'll see those probably from the contemporary, but uh, you know, we may try something else as well. It's kind of fun to just uh you know, play it by ear sometimes and wing it. So either way, it'll be a fun night tonight, Friday Night Live, starting at 6:00 p.m. at the Magic Kingdom Montreal Resorts. Um, also for Saturday, uh, probably will be back at Magic Kingdom. We'll have to see. Uh, I may do Hollywood Studios again. I don't know. So, we'll just kind of see how that goes. But, uh, I will probably do a Saturday night stream, but, uh, stay tuned for that. That'll be more details coming soon. Uh, and also, a lot of people are wondering about Mom. Uh if you didn't know, um uh Jenn and I's mom actually went into the hospital or mom, Resort TV1 as we call her, went into the hospital on Tuesday having some issues with her left arm and just not really, you know, feeling great or right or like herself. And so, uh they were concerned about a stroke, but luckily it wasn't that. Um there was some swelling or bleeding, uh caused by Alzheimer's, which she has. And so we're still kind of, uh waiting to hear a little bit more about that, but basically they've done MRI, CT scans, and all kinds of things. and she uh is doing very well. Uh they even did a brain cath today. So either way, it's really um they really did a thorough job at the hospital for her and we're really thankful for the doctors and nurses that work so hard to make sure she was okay. Uh we're hoping she gets to come home uh today sometime actually on Friday. So uh fingers crossed for that because it sounds like uh they've done all the tests they wanted to do and they just wanted to keep her overnight after the most recent procedure to make sure everything was good. So, uh, that is really, really awesome and we're just hoping, uh, that she and dad can go home, uh, sometime today. So, we'll keep you posted on that. But either way, thank you for all your concern and all your well wishes, well wishes, thoughts, and prayers. Really appreciate all of it very, very much. Uh, so we will see you tonight at 6:00 p.m. Eastern time, Magic Kingdom, Montreal Resorts. Definitely check out all of our awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below. uh you can read them down there and definitely go check out and support those sponsors because they support us and we appreciate them so very much. So again, sponsors linked in the description down below. We appreciate all of them. So thank you so much sponsors. Um also definitely be sure to subscribe and you know, hit the notification bell if you haven't already. Obviously you probably have if you're watching this, but just in case that way you never miss any of our streams. All right, everybody. We'll see you tonight at 600 p.m. Eastern time. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
