---
video_id: TBpZpWe8-xQ
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Friday Night Live Stream Announcement - 2-20-26 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-02-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBpZpWe8-xQ
---
Guess what day it is? That's right. It's Friday Night Live. And tonight is going to be a really, really fun one. Tonight we are going to enjoy Friday Night Live at the Magic Kingdom Montreal Resorts. And mom and dad are going to be joining us. So that'll be a lot of fun as well. As you know, Jenna and Dale are on their cruise, so they won't be joining us, but it'll be fun to have mom and dad along for the ride. So, we're going to go ride the Montreal around the Polynesian, the Grand Fian, the Contemporary, and uh just enjoy a relaxing evening of resort hopping and of course ending the night with a great view of the Happily Ever After Fireworks, probably from the Contemporary, but we'll see. Maybe we will pick another spot to watch the fireworks along the way. So, let us know if you want us to try something different. We'll see if we we can uh check that out and depending on where we end up at 9:00 or so when the fireworks start tonight. So either way, it's going to be super fun to enjoy the happily ever after fireworks as well as some Magic Kingdom Montero resort hopping tonight starting at 600 p.m. here on Resort TV1. Definitely join us for all of the fun and also so you can say hi to mom and dad and definitely um just so I can say hi to all of you because it's going to be a lot of fun to see everybody in the chat as well. So definitely join us in the chat, join us on the stream, and we'll see you around 600 p. p.m. Eastern time tonight. And then tomorrow for Saturday's stream, I think I'm gonna do a morning stream. So, probably gonna start around 9 or 10, somewhere around there, and just go until after lunch. Uh, sometimes it's fun to do morning streams at Magic Kingdom. It's one of my favorite things to do, and I've been able to do that the last few weeks. But, I thought instead of an evening stream, uh, have a little bit different plan for the evening to maybe go capture some night video in a few different places. And I haven't gotten to capture a lot of night strolls and things like that for a while cuz I'm always streaming at night. So, I thought it would be fun to do a morning stream and maybe capture some nighttime strolls later on after that. So, anyway, that's the plan for Saturday. So, stay tuned. Probably between 9 and 10. Tomorrow morning, Saturday morning will be a Magic Kingdom morning stream. So, look forward to that as well. It's going to be a lot of fun. Jenna will be back on Sunday and then uh she will probably start streaming again on Monday as long as she's not too tired from her cruise. It looks like they've had a great time. I will let her tell you all the details, but uh she sent me some pictures of some of the stuff they've done. And let's just say I'm a little bit jealous, especially of one of the shows that that they saw, but I'll let her talk about that more when she gets back. So anyway, we'll see you guys tonight at 600 p.m. Eastern time right here on Resort TV1 for doing some Magic Kingdom Monroe resort hopping. Also, definitely be sure to check out our awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below. We've got mickeyras.com for the latest in Disney travel advice. I guess it is the latest. I was going to say that's not normally what I say, but basically it's the it's the latest. It's the best in Disney travel advice. Mickeys.com. We also have resort TV1homes.com if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida. David's DVC Rentals if you want to book a DVC room for a fraction of the cost. It's dvcreest.com/tv. Uh we've got Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. If you want to find out how all your favorite rides were created, just go check that out on Amazon. Uh, we also have our friends at Dreamtable. Go search them up on the app store if you want to get some reservations for the hardest to find restaurants at uh, all the Disney parks. Just go download Dreamtable on the App Store and Layer 1 Technology for all your business IT needs. Definitely go check them out at supportlayer onetone.com. So, thanks for watching everybody. We'll see you tonight 6 p.m. Eastern time at the Magic Kingdom Montreal Resorts. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
