---
video_id: Q08VzsLbSOI
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Whimsical Wednesday at Hollywood Studios - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 1-21-26"
published: 2026-01-21
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q08VzsLbSOI
---
[Music] metaphor. These are candy. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Star Wars. [Music] Okay. Right here. [Music] Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live here at Hollywood Studios for Whimsical Wednesday. Welcome in, guys. Little early, but I thought, hey, I'm here. I might as well get started. Hope you guys got your notification bells on. Oh my goodness. I see the Chipmunks over here dancing to the band. Let's go see. Let's go check them out. But before we get too far into the video, I want to make sure everybody is subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all the social media for Resort TV one on all the things, guys. Oh my goodness, I'm so cute. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] All right, everyone. [Music] Good one. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Okay. [Music] Hallelujah. Okay. [Music] Yay. [Applause] Andy's coming. Andy's coming. Andy's coming. [Music] [Music] Oh, clear. So cute. Are you okay? [Music] All right, guys. That was really cute. Can't go wrong with that. Little start to the morning or morning. It's afternoon. Little start to the afternoon. Welcome in. Thank you for being here. Um, yeah. So, I will try to be going live every Wednesday. Um, it'll be different times. Mondays, I'm going to try to stick with mornings. Wednesdays it'll be either mornings or afternoons, maybe evenings sometimes. So, make sure you have those notification bells on. Uh, that way you get notified when we do go live. Hi Deanna. Hi Amara. Hi Amy. Disney boy mom is here. Catalina, hello. Welcome in. Let's take a little stroll around Echo Lake. What do you guys think? Hi Lisa. Happy whimsical Wednesday and it is a gorgeous day today. Um yesterday was a little warmer than the day before and then today is a little bit warmer and it's just going to keep going getting warmer uh throughout the rest of the week. So I am very excited for that. I thought that was a hippopotamus at first. It's a log. #not a hippo. Hey Aaron, how are you? Happy Wednesday. Yeah, the weather is gorgeous. So, if there weren't any clouds, it'd be perfect. Um, but it's great. It's great spirit jersey weather. Just in time for lunch. Awesome. Thanks for being here, everybody. I know the rest of the country is prepping for lots of snow. We're going to get colder again next week. Don't worry. Hi, Lisa. We're heading over to Hollywood after some pup put. Oh, that's awesome. Yeah, definitely come say hello. Hi, Jay. Good to see you. Seems very chill here so far today. Um, I haven't looked at any weight times, so I'm not sure. [Music] You're going to think of a a hippo when you pass along now. It's funny, right? Um, all right. Let's see what the weight times look like. Have not looked at them. All right. 40 for Runaway Railway. Oh, 45 for Rise and 80 for Falcon. That's weird. 25 for uh Alien Swirling Saucer. Not bad. Not bad. Oh, 35 for tower and 40 for rocking. Okay, it is not bad. I bet. Um, wait, is that menu? Oh, it's down. Okay, Toy Story Mania is 50. All right, so the times are like all over the place. We'll keep watching them. We might be able to hop on something a little bit later. We shall see, but we're just uh just chilling, just hanging out for the day. Hope you guys will join me as we hang out. You want to see my outfit? All right, I will show you. Hi, Eddie. We did. Yes, just started. Hi, Colin. I started a little early today cuz I was here and why I not. So, hi guys. I've got my gold ears on today. My 50th spirit jersey matched the gold. But why I wore my gold is cuz I have my Try shirt on underneath it if it gets warm enough. The sun stays out. It will definitely be warm enough to take my spirit jersey off. But for now, we're keeping that spirit jersey on. So, yeah. And Ninja must have missed you. Yeah, no worries. No worries. Hey, how are you? Guys, look who it is. It's DVC Andy. How are you today? Good. Good. Popping around Hollywood. It's beautiful, isn't it? Beautiful. That's the cold weather we have. This is really nice. It is. It's so nice. 70 today. Yeah. That's why I pushed my stream back a little bit. I was like, let's wait till it gets a little warmer. Really nice. Awesome. Yeah. We I just got here and started started a little early, but the crowds don't seem too bad. Not ever. I love that. Yay. Pretty nice. That's so cool. Tim says, "I know him." Hi, Tim. Hello, Tim. You okay? Is Tim okay? Are you getting snow, Tim? We need to know. Probably. Probably. And it's just going to get I told him it's going to get warmer throughout the rest of the week. Yeah. Here. And then next week it's cold again. So, look. Okay. I know those chipmunks. Here they come. They were dancing a minute ago. Maybe that'd be cool if they came this way. Let's see which way they go. Remember Ninja Garden? No, Gayen. They might be headed off on their acorn break. They might. And sometimes their break is back there. So, we'll see if they walk past us. [Music] Hi, Jay. Yeah, they were dancing with the the band over there. It was really cute. Here they come. Chip. Chip. Chip. Chip. Chip. And Dale. Hello, rescue rangers. Hi, Jessica. Hi, Zuzu. Oh, I love that. That's so cute. Yeah, they like to hang out over on that in front of the brown derby. That's right. Yeah, sometimes they'll have picnics over there. That's so cute. Oh, here comes Donald and Daisy. They're doing a little switcheroo. How fun. A. Hi, Thomas. Daisy. I love Daisy's dress. I don't know where they're going, but there's Donald. So cute. Uh, Daryl says Tim is currently ninja working in a snowbank. Oh, no. I hope that's not true. Hello from the Netherlands. Hello. You're coming here in November. Nice. So, what's your plans today? Um, mainly to go to Epcot and the festival. Stock over here first. Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. That sounds like a good day. Or two. Yeah. Cool. Epcot for the rest of the day. Oh, I love that. It's a good day for Epcot. Yep. And Hollywood. Yep. Tim says it's 28° with 4 in so far. Oh, no. Jim, well, not for me. We have four inches of sand. Does that work? We always have that. Right. Exactly. Hi, Kade. Thank you so much. Gertie does look beautiful, doesn't she? Love it. Yeah. We just taking a stroll around Echo Lake. If you want to join or if you're going to head out, no worries. I'm going to head over to Toy Story. I'll walk over that way. Sounds good. Perfect. Donald and Daisy already have a line. I'll be there in April for the 5K. Oh, that's awesome. The Princess 5K is coming up in a little over a month, so I'm excited for that. And they just I hope not to. Last year was like 30, felt like 20 or something. It was really cold and the wind was awful. But we all have those like um what are they called? those plastic things that you can put around yourself. We all got one last year and I saved it just in case cuz then you can throw it. Yeah. When the race starts. Hello, Eagle uh scouter. How are you? Welcome in. And yes, please share out the stream. Let everybody know we're live. Went live a little early. There's Gertie's footprints. [Music] We'll walk that way with you. I think I'm going to go into One Man's Dream. See if they still have Nice. Yeah. Then I'll just keep walking and Toy Story. Perfect. See if they still have Taylor Swift stuff. I don't think so, but we'll go look. I meant to tell you my dad did the 10K in January. Oh, no way. Kade D and I did that as well. That's awesome. Love it. Me and my wife are doing the Princess 5K. Oh, Thomas, that's cool. We'll be there. If the weather was like uh what it was for the um marathon weekend, it'd be perfect. We'll see. We shall see. [Music] I haven't been back to Hollywood, I don't think, since they took the Christmas decorations down. No, I'm not sure I have either. Yeah, it's nice to have it back to normal. We started going to Epcot when the festival started. Yep. I've been going to Epcot a lot lately. And they just took all the decorations down from Magic apparently. What was it? Sun. No, Saturday maybe or Sunday, I forget. It's interesting. They don't take them down all at once. They take them down bit by bit and see still a few, but no, there's no there's none left now. There's none left. Okay. Section by section. That is funny. Um, it still should be up until January 23rd. Wait, what's up till January 23rd? I missed it. Hi, Sandy Pandy. And yes, hello everyone that's joining on their lunch break today. Hope you're having a good day at work so far. Beautiful day in Florida. We're braving for an epic snow and ice storm. Oh my goodness. Be careful. If I start driving there, I can be there by 3:00 a.m. rope drop. Sounds good. Hi Darl and Victoria. Hi Lee. Oh my word. Pinocchio is just out and about. Nice. How cool. I see that very often. Yeah. No, you don't. Pinocchio. There he goes. I like that ride in Disneyland. It's a fun ride. Oh, it's a great ride. Yeah. All their dark rides are so fun. Hia Latte Cafe uh coffee. How are you? There's Oh, the Taylor Swift display the penguin. Oh, I love that. That's awesome. A seeing a lot of characters today that we don't normally see. Yeah, this is fun. And they're not being mobbed, which is great. No, it's just Well, it's not very busy. Yeah, it's very chill today. Very chill. I saw Rise of Resistance was only 45, which is not bad for Rise. This one is down, however, at the moment. Yeah, just got back from a week. Uh, where'd it go? at Disney. Already miss it. Oh, I totally understand that. That's why we moved here. I'll be down in Florida Sunday coming from Colorado. Oh, you're going on your cruise. Oh, fun. I am so ready for a cruise. All right, we're going to head into One Man's Dream and go check out some displays and go see the Taylor Swift stuff before they take it away. They're taking away on Dale's birthday, January 23rd. Maybe that means Dale bought them for me for my my birthday, an early birthday. Just kidding. I don't know. Just kidding. Hi, Jen. Hi, Hersshel. Marty. Hey, Marshall. All right. Well, enjoy the rest of your day. Bye, crew. Say hi to Taylor. Yes, we will. We definitely will. Say hi to um Andy, the other Andy. Bye and Sharon. All right, guys. Maybe a Valentine's Day day gift. Oh my goodness. I love this plant. I love this. This is one of my favorite pictures of Walt holding Mickey. Hi. Getting the snow blower ready. Oh my goodness. Stay safe, everybody. I remember those days. I love all these pictures. I'm going to have to shed my uh spirit jersey here soon. Major snowstorm coming to Oklahoma City. Where I live this this Florida the the weekend. Oh, you leave for Florida this weekend. Awesome. Hi, Disney fanatic. I love all the behind the scenes things. Hard to see with the light the lighting, but there's a young Walt. Yeah. Hi, if you can dream it. How are you? Hope you're doing all right. [Music] I love that he has a plaque for Fantasy Land. There he is with his train. The train. Not just his train. Was that Roy? It could have been Tim. It could have been. I'll have to ask iPhone. We like to give her a hard time. Hey, girly girl. You're so welcome, Candy. Respecting ice in Louisiana. Oh my goodness. Stay safe. I love how this is modeled after Main Street. This is more like the one in Disneyland. [Music] Here's Walt's desk from Marceline, Missouri. I still need to go there someday. I've never been. Love to see his hometown one day. Got his initials there. WD carved into the desk. [Music] You'll be here in May. That's awesome, guys. Oh, this one's dark. That's weird. Need to replace the lights with each individual part of it moves. Oh, in progress. Maybe. Maybe they're redoing it. And here now is our same moonlight scene. Probably not. They would probably close all the windows up if they were redoing it. Hi, Ticker Tail John. How are you today? We tried a Ticker Tail the other day, by the way. And I did a vlog. It was yesterday, actually. Did a vlog, so stay tuned for what I think of it. I'll have to get that out soon. Hi, Louisa. [Music] Musketeers. There's Karen, [Music] Cubby, Dorene, Jimmy, and Oh, that's fun. For $1. [Music] All right, guys. We should be back. Sorry about that. Switch to Wi-Fi. But here are Taylor Swift's costumes from the era tour. You can watch the docky series on Disney Plus. Hey, Rob Fuzz. How are you? Hi, JF. Just refresh. Should be good now. So, we've got a rep reputation uh gold snake bodysuit worn during the reputation era during Taylor Swift era shooter. And then we've got the karma bodysuit jacket and boots worn during the midnight era on Taylor Swift's era tour. It's this one in the middle. And then the last one is the tortured poets department dress and boots. And it's worn of course during the tortured poets department era. So pretty. And there's the gloves. Love these so much. I'm glad we got to see them one more time. They did come away with uh JF. Oh, congrats on 27 months on Resort Hopper Gold. Apparently, it was all Randy and Mickey Mouse's fault for the co. Wait, what? If you Oh, if you watch South Park. Okay. I'm like, hang on, what? That makes absolutely no sense. But after you said South Park, okay, I get it. I don't watch that. But thanks for being a member for 29 months. J L Plymouth Rock. We'll have to see if dad can name the the original musketeers. That would be funny, wouldn't it? Some of the new things that are coming to the parks. This is going to be tropical Americas. That Karma is the guy on the chiefs. That's right, Amy. I love it. Yeah, for sure. Totally. [Music] And then we've got Cars Land over here. [Music] Hi, Emily. All right, guys. I am going to head out cuz it's getting a little squishy in here. I can't wait for all the new lands, too. I'm so excited. Is this Tokyo or which one is I think this is Tokyo. Disney Sea maybe. I'm not quite sure. This is Disneyland Paris. I know that. I've been there. We went on the Space Mountain and we went in the Nautilus. It's like a walkthrough attraction. Pretty cool. Hi Duncan. Yes, you too Jim. Hi Kayla. Ratatouille. We've got that. But it first came to Disneyland Paris. the beautiful Disneyland Paris or not hotel castle. Love, love, love. We went in there. You can go under the castle. So, if you can see right here, you go under the castle and there's a dragon under there which is very cool. And then you can actually go up stairs in the castle. There's no restaurant. Um, and there's like a little walking tour up there. And then you can go out on the back balcony and look over Fantasy Land. It's a really cool thing they have. Oh, cool. Jen, I can't wait. It's gonna be awesome. Oh, look. The enderman's hat helmet. Too funny. Hershel and Margie Lenny. $5. Uh, this say, "Hi, Jenna. I had trouble with uh Google account sending super chat. Tell me you got it." Oh, I got it. Thank you so much. Yeah, no worries. Thanks for showing Margie Lenny. That's very kind of you. Very, very kind. Really, really appreciate it. Thank you so much. Isn't that pretty? The original Disneyland right here. I like how a lot of it is um dirt paths. Like a lot of fantasy or sorry, Frontier Land back here in the back or dirt. [Music] All right, guys. Let's go ahead and head out to guest area. Let's just go out this way. It'll be easier. Oh, now I can't see. Should we go do a walk around uh Toy Sto? Wow, the weather is gorgeous. Um, so yeah, I'm going to have a vlog coming out probably on Sunday cuz I can't Well, I could post it tomorrow, but I don't think I'll get it ready in time. Of course, Friday's Friday Night Live. Saturday, Josh is live, so I don't think I can post it until Sunday. Um, but it is from Disney Springs yesterday. I went and um got to customize my ears, the white ears I've been wanting to do for a while, so stay tuned for that. Um, we also check out there's a ton of new things going on and happening um at Disney Springs since we were there last. New treats, new food, um, new shops, like a new shop area in the co-op. So, and mom and dad went with me and we tried some of those new treats together. So, again, hopefully I'll get that Sunday for you guys. It was a good exit, right, Rob? All right. So, and then I've also been working on a video for Adventures of Jenna and Dale, our first video of the year. I know it's been a little late, like I was talking about on Monday, but you know, with everything going on with Chloe and everything, we really wanted to do a video talking about her and honoring her before we did anything else. So, we filmed it last night. I was editing it and now I'm kind I want to put some pictures in with it. Good. How are you? Good. Um, so yeah. So, just getting the pictures together now and then I'm going to do a separate video of um some videos of her. So, I can't wait for you guys to see all that and then we've got some more adventures coming soon on adventures of Jenna and Dale. Go over there and hit that subscribe button. Hi, Rich. How are you today? Heard you're getting some snow. Hi, Shell. I'm filming on my [Music] Oh, yeah. They have the new food area open over here. Let's go see what kind of food they have. I was trying to stay calm up there. Good job, Rex. Hi, Shannon. How are you today? Welcome in. Hang on, Rex. I got you, partner. That's funny. Gotcha. Wow. So pretty. That looks like Clouds and Andy's room right now. [Music] All right. 40 45 minutes for Toy Story Mania. A little long right now. Not I mean it could be worse, of course, but a little long. just plowed snow and now it's snowing again. Oh, sorry, Rich. I remember that. We go out, we shovel snow for Chloe to go potty and then the next time she'd have to go potty, it would be covered back over again and we have to do it again. I get it. Maybe we can get a quick bite to eat some. Ninja working. A thanks. Thanks, Shannon. You didn't have time to do Slinky Dog. That's too bad. It's a great ride, but does get very, very busy. Long wait for that one. Just stopping by to say hi. Hey, Evan. Oh, how fun. Enjoy Dave and Busters. I haven't been to one of those in a while. Let's go check out the wait for Slinky. [Music] I love Toy Story Land. It is a great land. Very immersive. Feels like you are a toy, which is great cuz that's what they're wanting to feel like. Hi Dana. A thank you so much. I'm glad you're enjoying watching while working. Hello Jacqueline. Yes. Good morning in Southern California. That's right. Good afternoon here in Florida. 50 minutes for Slinky. That's really not that bad. Let's see. Go over here and watch. [Music] Here we go. Hey, Dina Disney. It is a gorgeous day today. I know. Hang on, guys. Hi, Mom. Here we go. [Music] Oh, thanks, Jen. Thank you so much. Yeah, sometimes it's comforting. Other times, yeah, it's it's sad to just go through the videos and the pictures of her, but it just depends. But tomorrow marks one month, and I still can't believe it. Sometimes it feels like forever, and sometimes it feels like yesterday. So, yep. spent all weekend shoveling areas for my three Yorkys. Oh my goodness. Almost wish the Slinky was an individual lightning lane. Oh yeah, Shannon. Yeah, for sure. Hi, Howie. Watching while working. Thank you so much. Oh, cool. Stafy. Well, I'm glad you get to turn it with us. Hi, Max. 35 for saucers. All right, we'll go. We'll go check it out. I know, Jen. I cannot believe it. Hi, Dabber. I'm going to try to stay busy tomorrow. [Music] There he goes. All right. 50 minutes for Slinky. It's definitely more crowded in Toy Story Land. Always is. More crowded. [Music] [Music] Well, pop that like button. We've got 300 likes. I bet we can get up to 500 pretty quickly since we have over 600 watching. All you have to do is close out of the chat and find the thumbs up button and bump it. [Music] Let's go see what aliens were saucers look like. Okay. Yes, we are going by the new snack booth here just in a second for sure. Uh got the news of the heard you claim when we got the news of Adam. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yep. It was a rough rough day. Rough day for sure. It's hard to tell with the line. Oh no. It's back. It's back a little ways. We'll wait. It might go down. Chewbacca. I love Chewbacca. [Music] Yeah. Let's go to Galaxy's Edge and see what's going on. They usually have a lot of characters. And sometimes Kylo Ren is out. And I wonder if we're going to get Darth Vader like um Disneyland. He's getting Darth Vader. We'll see. Have we been chosen? Not Not yet. Oh, it's 45 minutes, it says. Oh, here's the new snack cart. So, they have Pizza Planet spring rolls. They have churros, popcorn in a souvenir bucket, ice cream bars, let's see, frozen lemonade cup, strawberry. They also have some alcoholic drinks and waters and Cokes and things. There you go, guys. Mando at cute booth. They did a good job with the booth. I wish they would have cheeseburger egg rolls, too, though. The pepperoni ones are too spicy for me. Well, there you go. It's a cute, like I said, cute. Yeah, that's right. He has been meeting by Star Tours. You're right. I forgot about that. Oh, sorry. I love purple roses. That's too bad. Hey, Stefan. Yeah, it's open. Definitely need some of those churros, that's for sure. Love churros. Wait, I just noticed something new over here. Let's pivot. Pivot. This is new. This little seating area over here, I guess, for the snack booth. It's Galaxy's Edge theme. They have a one table and some booths or sorry benches. Mainly benches and one two tables. They need some more tables. But this is new. I was just walking by like, "Hey, wait a second. Maybe three tables." Okay. And like a little counter stand up table here. Well, there you go. Didn't see that the last time I was here. They like the pizza rolls better. Okay. Well, I'm going to have to bring somebody else that likes spice to to let me know if they're too spicy. So, you know, for science and stuff. Oh, it's busy back here. And it is time to shed a layer. getting warm. Let's see if I can figure this out. You guys on a um a stand. Yep. That sun is amazing. They're all like telephone. All right, give me one second, guys. Sorry about that. Since I'm by myself, got to take off my sweater. [Music] figure out how to figure out how to figure out. We're going to go to the [Music] All right, guys. Almost done. Thanks for being patient. [Music] All good in there. Good. Now take off the little standandy guy. Perfect. All right, here we go. Let's go into the droid depot. I think they have a new droid. We're going to find out. I think that little boy over there had one. So, I'm just curious. Okay. Where does Chewy meet, Tim? Is it over by the Millennium Falcon? [Music] [Music] this guy's bag and I thought it was a miniature Chewbacca. It's legit a dog. It was so cute. Little Yorkie. They do not have pink here. If they did, I would be getting this. I'm not seeing the new droid. Maybe you just buy him. [Music] Hey, how are you today? [Music] Canisters. $49.99. [Music] I wish they had a Pizza Planet here, too. I missed the one, you know, the original one. Oh, was it this guy I saw? Okay. I thought you can make him, but you can just buy him. He's $129.99. [Music] What about those guys? These are fun. Yes, Tim, for sure. You got to try the pink milk. Let me know how it is. These are cool, too. Very lightweight. $27.99. Hi. You don't like the other milks? I like the blue milk. I don't mind the green milk, but blue milk's my favorite. if I had to choose. Hey, Mercedes. How are you? Happy whimsical Wednesday. Yeah, I hadn't been in Hollywood for a while, so I figured why not. Hi, Harold. How are you? Let's see if there's any thing going on up here. [Music] [Music] Okay. Nothing as of now. [Music] Fruity Pebbles Milk. Yeah, exactly. Anybody know when this show starts? [Music] Oh, this is some Stormtroopers inro. What's going on? Are you clever? Awesome. Debbie, for the order with the first order identification, please. Very good. Gold star day for you. Show me your identification. Okay, no worries. Thanks for watching the replay. [Music] Fine. Move along. No worries, Mercedes. No worries at all. The resistance is active here. Have you seen anything suspicious? So, this is appreciate your service. Is that this one? Kylo at 130. Okay. Tell us what you're doing on the There's something going on out there. We'll need to see right now. All right. Come here. Proceed with image capture. Supposed to believe that's you. going on patrol and make sure you walk away at any moment. Aren't you a little boy? That's affirmative. So sorry, Benjamin. Thanks for watching. Oh god, it's helping. We have eyes on you. Affirmative. Excellent. Sorry. First order will be watching you. Okay. Well, please getting a little squishy over there. Oh, you seem very interested in that data pad. So, now we are. Hi, Logan. What are you doing? Just stick to civilian channels. Move along. I am by myself today. Hello, young one. We hope you're having a good time. Enjoy your day. Ray is out, too. All right, we'll be on the look for her. On the look on the lookout. How about that? We're going to go the opposite direction. Nothing to see here. Nothing to see here, everybody. They are chatty today, aren't they? Maybe we can go up to Josh's apartment here in Galaxy's Edge and he can Maybe he's got the pink milk. Maybe he's hoarding it. What do you guys think? Just kidding. That's right, Blue Bell. Exactly. All you guys are keeping me company 100%. [Music] And uh Andy stopped by for a little bit, so that was nice. Good to see Andy. He's still here. As well, looks like there's a little bit of a line for uh or Oh, not a line, but a wait for August. Thank you, Jedi Master. Where you at, Chewy? I don't want to go too far cuz I want to get back over there to see Kylo Reno Mountain in about 4 minutes. 75 minutes. Holy moly. That's That's long. That is a long wait. I wonder if not all of the falcons are working. I mean, there's only one. Just kidding. It's only one. Oh, yeah. They're up here. [Music] I don't see Chewy. Sometimes Chewy's in here. I don't see him today. The spires. Hey, Joshua. All right. Well, let's um Oh, I put my necklace backwards today. That's funny. I didn't mean to. Oh, well, I'll fix it later. Let's head back over here. So, we can watch or uh see Kyler in hopefully. Hi, Tiff World. How are you today? And guys, if you're wanting to book a trip and uh right here to Walt Disney World and be in Batu or any of the parks, go check out our awesome sponsors, mikytravels.com. Mickeyas.com. They will help you book your trip. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book a trip yourself and they help you plan for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com. Also, go to mickeyblog.com for all of the latest Disney news. I don't know what that is. Yes, it is way longer than 12 parsects. That's right. All right, 2 minutes. We might have a something going on here at the stage. Let's go find a spot. Dapper. I thought you were going to say aoy happy legs. That's funny. Do you guys remember what that's from? Aoy happy legs. We almost have 400 likes. Appreciate you guys bopping the like button. Oh, I needed the sunny nice day today. What about you guys? Does does good. [Music] Hi, Vinnie. Mommy. Well, happy birthday, Rachel. That's awesome. No, you're fine. No worries. Yep. Olaf. Exactly. from the Christmas uh show at the castle. Hola. Good job, sandy. Okay, one minute and we'll see if he comes out. Jen, oh my goodness, that's a lot of snow. We got 12 inches of snow the day we got Chloe. Isn't that crazy? She was so tiny. You do, Dim. You show You definitely do. Come on down. You know where to find it. Some funny noises going on over there. We met Ray on my last trip. Oh, okay. Cool. Spider bro bought her yellow lights from a gift shop. She noticed and she was impressed. Oh, how cool. Spider bro, a blizzard in Michigan. Hi, Leaf. How are you? Good to see you as well in the chat. Well, I use That's right, Amy. All right, this our dream, have a good rest of your day. Thanks for popping in. Well, it's 1:30, so we'll see if anything happens. If not, we're just hanging out here for funsies. [Music] Thanks for 777 people watching. That's right, Den. I love that. Um, if we were in Disneyland, this would lead out into another part of the park, but we're not. Well, it's 1:31. Oh my goodness, Drean. That's a lot of snow. A lot of snow. Hello guys, we're going to see a show here. Oh, Tally. [Music] [Music] Thanks for buffing, Stacey. My my my look at this. Look at this. This is cute. I suppose if this is what counts for an audience here on Batu, we can just begin. Citizens of this outpost, hear me. The First Order is now firmly in power. The resistance has been destroyed, but they do not accept this. Oh no, they do not see that the First Order brings stability, order, rule of law to the galaxy. No, they would disrupt this balance, bringing with them conflict, aggression, and even war. And we might be forced to respond with the exact same. And yet they press on, continuing to fight and survive at their hopeless and pathetic little cause. We have reason to believe a resistance survived the sentient to the outpost. Some of you may have even cooperated. Some of you good civilians may actually support the resistance. If that is so, we will find out. And each and every one of you will face the consequences of your own actions. Understood. Citizens, understood. Citizens, troopers. Lieutenant. [Music] Sir, welcome to Mont. You are a poor ambassador, sir. Have you found the resistance spy? Not quite yet, sir, but we will. I dispatch reconnaissance. I have patrol in it this morning. You have failed, Lieutenant. That resistance spy was tracked to Batu. You were sent to find her. [Music] If she is here, she may not be alone. Do you understand? Yes, sir. understand. The resistance must not be allowed to regroup. If someone in this outpost knows something, we need to find them. I can lead a team right away. You will await further orders. Troopers, start the investigation. How am I supposed to [Music] God. Does he have to do that every time? [Music] Enjoy the day. [Music] He loves resistance. Mhm. I know nothing about it. Yeah, he knows everything. So, you should ask about right there. Right there. Bring them here. Here we go. Come here. Are you aware of resistance supporters here? Here we go. They are less helpful than you implied, trooper. That's not what we were told. You brought me here on their word. They should be flattered. Affirmative. You should be afraid. We apologize, sir. Affirmative. You believe the resistance will save you. But how when no one can save them? Enough. Now go. That did not go well. I want them here. Oh, excuse me. Have you seen the Wookie? Uhoh. They are less helpful than you implied, trooper. They might be covering for the Wookie, sir. Do not waste my time again. The dark side calls to you. You must make a choice. Will you join us for the order? Excellent choice. Certainly the safest. Stormtrooper is fine. All right, guys. Well, that was fun. Let's head this way. Let's head around this way. See if we see any more. Anybody else? Maybe V the spies out. Just don't underestimate the wookie. Oh, da. That's what you said. Wookie. You'll join whoever has the best benefits back. That's funny. All right. Always so fun here in Batu. Man, it's nice. I was actually starting to sweat there in the sun. That was weird. I haven't done that in a while, but I will take it. Oh, there's storm troopers over here, too. They're everywhere. But where does Chewy meet? Does anybody know Chewy? Sometimes Ray and Chewy are here, but I don't see them. Have a good day. Move aside. Move along. There they go. Move over. He said move over. Actually, let's go this way. You think so, Benjamin? Okay. Interesting. All right. We're stopping on the stairs. Okay. Let's go in the marketplace. Already saw the Falcon over by the space. Oh, the space racers. That's right. Thanks, Amara. Oh, look, guys. Not usually here when this is open. What do they have? Okay, breakfast. So, that's over. Zucchini wrap, a ronto wrap, pork rind, and some yummy drinks. This guy, he's chatting. Yeah, I wonder too. Optimus, it's a great question. Maybe they'll wait and see how it goes. Oh, the kettle corn over here sounds good. It smells delicious. It's busy in the marketplace today. shopping for creatures. Hey, Regina. How are you? Wait, wait. Where haven't you eaten, Tim? At the popcorn place or No, at the Ronto wrap place. I got you. I had one of the Ronto wraps opening day and it was spicy. At least for me, the cocoa puff drink. It does look good, doesn't it? I'm not sure. I've heard very good things about it. I just don't think I can have it either. Hi, Asia Retro. But if you can, I've heard amazing things about it. Um, when does Mando and Baby Yoda come out again? Oh, Dana, I miss that, too. At least they're bringing Muppets back soon for Rock and Roller Coaster. So, at least they'll be somewhere in the park. And hopefully we'll get some more merch and some more um yeah, shirts and plushies and things. I I just want a Rizzo the Rat. Anything. Anything Rizzo the Rat, I'll be super excited. He's near the Falcon. Oh, okay. Thanks, Amar. Well, he wasn't there when we were there a second ago. That's okay. At least we got to see Kylo Ren in the several stormtroopers today. [Music] A Jen, I totally get it. Mando is at two. All right, so we got a little bit of time before Mando comes out. It's one of the ships looks like it needs some repairs. It's looking a little beat up. another paint job. Thanks, guys. Oh, awesome. Eagle Scouter. Yay for renewing your pass. Oh my goodness, Regina. I heard there's going to be so much snow. So much snow. We're going to get chilly on Monday, but no snow thankfully. 55 minutes for Rise of the Resistance. Could be worse. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Dapper canut. Exactly. Chewy at 155 with the falcon. Okay. Okay. Do you guys want to stay and see Chewy and then go and see uh Mando and Baby Yoda? Grou? If so, let me know. I can turn around. Oh my goodness. The doggy is so cute. His little stroller. Oh my goodness. So cute. Uh Jay, apparently they're in the app. If you go into the wait times, you can click characters and then it'll tell you they are in the app. We don't know yet, Rob. That is a very good question. But yeah, let me know if you want to see Chewy. We can head back that way. We can probably not wait in line for him, but at least we'll see him from afar. Uh, and then we'll go see Grou and Mando. Lots of characters today. I'm loving this. Uh, that's the one out in Disneyland. Hi, Marie. How are you? Cannot wait for this new monsters ink land over here. [Music] It's pretty amazing once it's all done. All right, nobody's voted yet, so that's fine. The Muppet sign is gone, which is a sad sad story. But this is what it's going to look like when it's all done. [Music] Oh, cool. John. All right. First vote for Chewy and Grou. I know. I can't wait for the new coaster, too, and the new restaurant. I cannot wait. That's right. It is pretty nice. [Music] I know. I wish they could have put the Osborne light somewhere else, too. But I just I'm not sure where they would have done it. [Music] [Music] Well, we got one vote for Chewy and Grou. Why don't we Why don't we go do it? We'll do a little pivot and we'll go this way. I know we were just there, but it's always fun to see characters. And then we'll head back out. I do miss the Italian restaurant over there. What is it? Um, it was Mama Melrose. It was good. And then we had uh Pizza Rizzo, which was over here by Muppets 3D. Oh, somebody is not happy. Holy moly. Yeah, we'll go see Chewy and then we'll go see um Grou at 2. Why not? Thanks, Logan. Thanks, Rebecca. Oh, Rock and Roller Coaster. Goodness. When does it close? Is it the end of this month or the end of next month? I need to write all these down. Dino Dinosaur closes the end of this month. I got to get back over there and write it. Oh, there's nowhere to vote. Just put in the chat characters or no characters. Characters or keep walking. Either way. But we decided we're going to go see the characters. Early March. Thanks, Amara. February 22nd is what Rebecca says. right before the princess race, which is February 27th. All right. So, by the time we get over there, it'll almost be time for Chewy to come out. And you guys said over by the falcon, right? He used to meet over here. Hope that Jesse's round up at Diamond Horseshoe is a test for something more permanent. I'm still shocked this barbecue isn't character. Oh, wait. There's a Jesse Roundup the D at the Diamond Horseshoe. Wait, when's that? [Music] Uh, Logan. Nope. This is the one video today. I was trying to get a video uh to premiere after. I was going to premiere Chloe's video um but didn't get it done. That's going to be over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale, our second channel. [Music] And hi, Corey. Rect says characters. Absolutely. Oh, for Cool Kid summer. Oh, got you. Okay. Okay. We're going to skip the market this time. Sometimes it gets squishy in there. Go up the steps. All good, Corey. We're still heading that way. Yeah, guys. Make sure your live button is red and that means you are currently with us at the moment. [Music] February 1st is the last day for dinosaur. Thanks Tim. I knew what was coming up. [Music] Me too, Rob Fuzz. Me too. [Music] Let's go up the ramp. [Music] Let's chat about um resort TV1homes.com. resort TV1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy. Go over there, fill out the information form and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. You guys are wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World. Check out resorttv1homes.com. Guys, if you're not ready to move yet, go over there, get the process started. Hello. I like your head. Thank you so much. Might be shinier than C3PO. That's true. There goes Ray. She said it might be shinier than C3PO. I love that. They're pretty identical. Yeah, there's a few little minor things here and there, but mainly identical from Disneyland to Disney World. While we're waiting, we got about five more minutes. Let's go in the shop. They got some new things. So, I'm going to get one of these keychains for the next uh May the 4th. day. [Music] You know, Ray's awesome, isn't she? I'm going to miss Dinosaur, too. It's a classic. Such a good ride. It's pretty in here. Oh, dog is having a nap, apparently. These are fun Mandalorian coins. [Music] Charia coins. Okay. $34.99. That's not bad. This looks like a flux capacitor lightsaber clip. That one is red. [Music] Not our dino. Get the bad bad guy almost like swords lightsabers. And I like the lightsaber um umbrella. That's awesome. that. [Music] All right, guys. We're going to head out. Squishy on the other side. All right, Chewy. A couple more minutes. Still 75 minutes for this one. Wow. Awesome. I love purple roses. Disneyland is so fun. So, um, okay, little fun tidbit. I show this almost every time we're here. There is a miniature Millennium Falcon on the Millennium Falcon. Do you guys see it? It's right there. Tenn, I know Denver, Kentucky would fight for you didn't want to take a nap, but now you're like, "Uh, I need a nap. Please, please. I love all the noises and sounds and things. Chewy or not chewy, that is the question." Right. Isn't that cool? Canadian Disney family. I love her little things like that. You're welcome. You're welcome. Almost have 900 in the chat. Slow going stream today, but it is an afternoon stream and do appreciate everybody that's hanging out with us. We appreciate all the replay watchers as well. Also, go check out David's Vacation Club rentals. DVCrequest.com/tv dvcrequest.com/tv. If you guys would like to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost. You can check them out at dvcrequest.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. Awesome. James, I love that you check on the Millennium Falcon on the Millennium Falcon. Always nice. One minute. I'm assuming you'll come from that way, but I don't know. [Music] Sorry guys, messaging somebody back. Well, it is time. Back up so people can get some pictures. Chewy, chewy, chewy. I don't see him. [Music] I don't want to get in the picture. There's pictures everywhere. Well, we'll wait a little longer. Oh, in the back area. Okay. So, somebody was saying Millennium Falcon and then they said the front ships and then but yeah, he could be in the front area. That is true. We don't know where Chewy is. Chewy, where you at, bud? Well, let's go wait for Mando now. Mando's this way in a couple minutes. And we know where he comes out for sure. I haven't eaten here in a while. They have some good food. A little spicy, but uh the chicken is my favorite. Oh, here's Ry again. [Music] You hope to make chewy broth. See if he's over here. I don't see him over here either. That's okay. All good. Hopefully Mando and Baby Yoda come out. Oh, now it says 225 near the falcon. Oh, that's too funny. What do they say about Mando and Baby Yoda? Otherwise, we'll just keep going. Hi, Mel. Okay, thank you. Chewy was like, "Yeah, no, not today, guys. I'm tired. I'm going to take a a chewy nap. However, Mando should be coming out any second or minute, I guess I should say. They're on back time. Oh, awesomeness. Yep, you're probably right. That is the next time slot for him. It's all good. All right. Well, then 2:00 is in a couple minutes. We got one more minute for uh for Mando and Grou. Thanks for almost 1,000 watching and 500 likes. We did it. Thanks everybody. Let's try to keep bopping the like button. Also, hit that subscribe button if you're new. We'd love to add you to the Resort Hopper family. It is gorgeous today, John. Very, very nice. It's going to be a very nice weekend. The rest of the week and the weekend is going to be gorgeous. [Music] Oh, 2:00. Let's see if he comes out. Oh, Logan, you have to come get him. See if he comes out. There's no Maybe all the characters are like, "Yet not today, people." A thanks, Rachel. I'm so glad you're here. Hi, Thor. [Music] That's right, Julie. Your biggest fans are waiting on you, Grou. That's right. him a man don't. [Music] Yes, the Disney moves are real. We um we understand. That's why we moved here. Sorry about that. Those are no fun. I have seen the $450 Duffy plush at at Epcot Dale. Yes, he's adorable. But yeah, no, I can get one much cheaper. I actually have uh what do I have? Two Duffy plush shoes, I think. [Music] Okay. Well, he burned in. Oh, I see some movement back there. I see some movement behind the door. Some shadows. [Music] We'll wait a couple more minutes and then we'll head out. But I'm thinking he might be coming. My husband bought me four of the ones he could only get in Japan when he went last month. Oh my goodness. Dining at Disney. That's amazing. It is definitely a bucket list item to go to Tokyo for sure. All right, I think he's coming. There he is. accept a welcome party. Is there sorry can't be on the road at any given moment. ESL valued fellers. If he decides to stay here, just wait for him to call you forward or approach you. Make sure you do have your dad pass. Camera is ready to go. [Music] [Music] No problem. Hey, man. Tell me, can you rewire an instrument panel? I hope so. any work done online. The margin of error is zero. That's excellent. Thanks for the baby. Baby, baby, he's so cute. So cute. Take a picture. [Music] He's so cute. [Music] Thanks for the video. Okay, baby. [Music] You're not someone stupid, are you? Then let's say that's a lot easier. Yes. looking at it. Oh my god, this is so cute. I'm sorry. Hello, it's okay. You're safe. Hello, friend. He's so cute. He has his moment. They should know how to balance an undermount torpedo launch. No problem. You're crafting. [Music] This is the way. Excellent. Say goodbye. All right, guys. That was fun. We didn't get called. It's all good. But he's very cute. Baby Yoda. It's adorbs. Adorbs. I'm glad we got to see him. I love his little noises and all the things. All right. Well, let's continue around the park. If you're just joining us, welcome in. We're in Back to Galaxy's Edge. So, bright suns, everybody. Bright suns. Go see what else we can find today. [Music] What other things we can find around the park. Um, I wonder if there's any weight times that are lower now, too. Let's check. [Music] [Music] I'm good. I couldn't even finish all mine. 45 minutes for a rise. That's not too bad. It went down 10. All right. Yes. For everybody getting snow today, bright snows. It usually after the snow uh after it snows, then it is pretty sunny. after that, which is pretty funny. All right, what's 15 minutes? Oh, Edna mode. Everything's pretty high except for tower, and I'm not really Sometimes I just can't do that one. I'm sorry, guys. Alien swirly sauce for 30, but I don't know if that's worth a 30-minute wait. We'll see if anything goes down later. Let's go see about some shops. [Music] Go see what we can find. Enjoy some exploring. Cold snows. There you go. Oh my goodness. Tiger tail John. Have you never experienced a snowy day? You definitely have to sometime. For sure. They're waiting on Oh, goofy and Max. It's fun. A I love that they're in their uh vacation outfits. They're so cute. Yeah, Kayla. Sometimes I can, sometimes I can't. Just depends on the day. Well, let's make our way around here. We haven't been down a Sunset Boulevard yet either. Oh, I see Pluto over here. So many characters. I love it. [Music] A little line for him. Yes, Max was with Goofy. Yeah. So fun, huh? [Music] All right, let's go this way. Has anybody been to the sci-fi restaurant before? Let me know. We've been. It's amazing. We used to go every time we'd come as a family. Well, not every time, but a lot of the times. This was one of our faves. I mean, as a kid, who wouldn't want to sit in a pretend car and watch a movie or movies while you're eating? and look like you're outside when you're inside. This is so cool. Yeah, Rachel, it's beautiful here. It's a great place for dapper day, which was what? When was that, Tim? Oh, on Tim's birthday, right? And it was a rainy dapper day. But it is a perfect place. And that's why they do Jollywood nights here. Perfect for Jollywood Nights and the whole vibe. Hollywood glam vibe. You see Santa family? Yeah. So, they're doing that in Disneyland. I haven't heard if they're doing it here yet. We'll see. That would be cool. It is a very unique restaurant. Yeah. Yeah. Agreed. [Music] Hey, Ryan. Oh, you can call him whatever you want, Ryan. I know his real name's Grou, but you can call him Baby Yoda. It doesn't hurt anything. That's what they called him for the longest time, so it's all good. [Music] Oh, you're so welcome, Jane. Yeah, all the characters, right? Character afternoon. [Music] You were That's true, Tim. You were just DAP, not Dapper. It's funny. Too funny. Don't I think they got the band out again. Let's go down Sunset Boulevard over here. See what we can see. Waiting in line for Pinocchio over here. Oh, yes. [Music] I love that this cart has all of the Wow. But a lot of the bag charms that you can get and a lot of the well just one shoulder pal I guess. Chimney Cricket who meets here. They don't have Pluto out but they do have Mickey and Minnie and Goofy. Just Dale though, not Chip. Stitchy Yoda. [Music] Got some pins over here [Music] and some ears. Oh, by the way, I did find these ears. I found them. They were in a bag in my office underneath stuff. I need to clean my office so bad. Oh, look. These are back in stock. Castle ones. Every time I hear this band, I think of the Marty Gro band at uh Universal, which is coming soon. Marty Gro. I think it's uh Mar No, sorry, not March. February 7th, it starts. I'll probably be doing a live stream from their um not that Saturday, but the Sunday since Saturday is Joshua's day. Um so I won't do opening day of Marty Gro, but I'll do the next day. Got Chip and Dale out there again. [Music] Oh, it's gorgeous here today. It's in the 70s, the low 70s. Literally perfect. Um, what is the temp? Let's check. 73. Perfect. Perfect temp. [Music] [Music] Yes. Feet don't fail me now. Oh, feet don't fail me now. And I did get on a float this year. So, I am going to be throwing beads on a float. I cannot wait for that as well. Let's go in here. Oh, I'm in this one for a minute. Let's go. [Music] I probably won't live stream it, but I'll probably vlog it for Adventures channel. Whoa, now I'm hot. We have the giant Mickey and Minnie bags. I want the miniature one. The Valentine one. Oh, they have the tiny little bags. Oh my goodness, these are so cute. $19.99. And then they have the blind box ones of the tiny little bags. How much are these? It does not say. And then they have these. So cute. But I am not seeing a price on them. I do really like this shirt a lot. Hey, Princess Kristen. Yep. Shopping with Jenna. That's right. There's High School Musical 3, but um it's a High School Goofle three. A That's cool, Robin. I love that. All right. What else can we find? Do you like this? Hi. Hi. How are you? Good, thank you. Are you good? Really good. We were last here in 2018 and we met you like when you were just starting a long time. I saw Josh the other night. Awesome. Remind me your names. Uh, Alex and Jonathan. And Jonathan. Do you want to say hello? Yeah, we can do. Mom and dad are watching from watching. Awesome. Yeah, they were saying Jenna on at the studio. Yeah, we were at Magic Magic. Did you guys have fun? Really good. Nice. I love that. Oh, that's good. Last night we had Beacon Barrel as well. So fun, isn't it? Really good. It's a nice addition. Yeah, it's nice. You know, they give you about 45 minutes, but you usually see everything. Had a drink. We can always go back. Exactly. Hopefully J82 fireworks will last. You are going to love it. We watched a vlog of that. Yeah, we did. You're going to love it. Oh, thanks for watching. That's awesome. Yeah, really. Just doing some shopping. Shopping with shopping with your mom loves that. Good. I'm so glad you take around the shops and everything. I love that. Well, hello to your mom. You want to know? That's awesome. Where in the UK are you from? Uh, from Sunderland up in the northeast. Okay, nice. Not far from where the filmed Harry Potter. Yeah, I love that. The weather's similar to what we have back home. We used to have some snow before we left. Oh, now okay. Well, it's kind of warming up now. But we've been here for a week. Starting to sweat, which is weird. It's like me. Yeah, it's cold at night, cold during the day. But yeah, yeah, it's definitely warming up here. Awesome. Well, I'm glad you get some warm weather before you go back. Back to the cold. You too. Yes. Safe travel. Thank you. Have a good night. You too. Have a good day. Bye, guys. Bye. Awesome. Very cool. They're so sweet. Hello to their mom in the chat. Guys, look. They have the the new Loungefly ears. Did want these. I don't know though. They are a little pricey cuz they're Loungefly. They are adorable. Those might be an add to cart. What do we think? Guess waving hi to Alex and Don. Awesome. Okay. Oh, they have the Valentine ears here. I think these would be great. I mean, they'd be great for any time, but I think they'd be fun for a birthday. Fun birthday ears. All right, let's see what else we can find. Oh, the sweatshirt. Oh, I do like this one. It matches the castle ears. Isn't that pretty? $ 69.99 as it falls off the hanger. There we go. Okay. See if we can do this with one hand. We got this. I'm going to hang it down low so it doesn't fall again. Excuse me. Oh my goodness. Oh, look. They have some charms. Okay, these are fun. You could put these on bracelets that you make or of course bracelets that they have here or neckl like what is this a bag charm I think keychains. I like this one with the tiny little key to the castle. Does it say how much they are? Oh, here we go. Starter pen. Starter charm necklace. Charm set. $25. Okay. Thanks, Ryan. All right. Thanks, Amara. It's a sneezy kind of day. Starbucks flying doesn't look too bad. I like that. Oh my goodness. I smell the fried chicken from um what's it called? Prime Time. And I want some cuz it's delicious. Wow. Look at all the sneezes today. All right, let's venture down Sunset Boulevard. You saw Starbucks at Disneyland. Awesome. Let's go in the side of the shops first. See what they have new. [Music] I know they have Pandora in here. I love this new set that they have. I think I've shown it before, but they have a glass slipper and then they've got this new bracelet that says Once Upon a Time on it. If so, we got to watch them. I don't know where they're heading, but I hear them. Oh, yeah. Here they come. Like a Marty girl band. This is fun. Everyone's allergic to shopping. I don't know about that, Tim. They're coming this way. We're going to find out. [Music] Who's ready for Marty Girl at Universal? I am. I am not sure where they're going. The camera. [Music] Oh, [Music] battery check. Thanks, Sarah. We are at 43% so we're good as of now. But thank you for the reminder to plug in here soon in here. Oh my goodness. This is Kinder Scott. Look at these earrings. So pretty. Excuse me. Excuse me. It's okay. [Music] Trying to get through there. Was a little squishy, but we made it. 228. Oh my goodness. Doney and Barker. That is beautiful. I love that. Very valentine. Awesome Jedi. [Music] These jackets are so pretty. A so pricey. I don't think these are 30% off anymore. 60. That's not a bad time. Where you at right now? These are so pretty. Sparkly. $59.99. [Music] And they have Minnie and Mickey over here. Sorry, Minnie and Daisy. All of this Valentine stuff with the Doneyian Burke bag. They are very pricey. 175. And then this cup, which I love. we saw at Epcot the other day with Ivonne on Monday. Also love Oh, and here's those ears again. They've got plenty of the ears. However, I have not seen the bag. There's a bag to match. It looks just like this ear, but it's in bag form. I do like those. And they've got a lot of jammies. A lot of this stuff I'm going to show you on my new vlog coming out soon, so I don't want to show too much. That is a pretty photo. that necklace. I love shopping, but my my pocketbook, my purse does not. That's funny. I get that. Tiana sweater. I like this orange bird shirt. This is fun. Home of the Orange Bird. I saw that, Tim. Yeah, [Music] I saw that. I want to see um Simple Plan for sure. Was there one other one I wanted to see and I can't remember. There's some good ones there. So, it's pretty exciting. Oh, I found this too at Disney Springs. And I think I might need it. Oh, it's going quick. Dang it. They don't Oh, yeah. They have one one extra small left. Don't you guys think I need this? I might need it. Wonder if it would be comfortable. It is $69.99 though. That's why I haven't bought it. It's really cute. They have one extra small left. [Music] Hello from South Africa. Hello. I know. The green and the orange together is very pretty. They have all the stitchy stuff you could ever want. [Music] I guess we can go buy. Let's go see what ears they have. [Music] if they have any new ears. No, I don't see any new ones. But they do have the Valentine and the castle ears at the cart. You need it. And Mar says, "Get it now." I rarely say that. I know, right? It's really cute. But dang, it's a lot of money. We'll see. We'll see. They still have it. When I in the stream later, maybe I'll get it. We'll see. I don't know. I do love this new collection. The most magical day ever collection. It's your Vday. That's right, Amy. And my favorite number. I literally always see that number 626. [Music] Ibone and I were talking about this mug on Monday. Do you guys remember Hey, John. Hey. How are you? How you doing? I'm doing well, thanks. How's Josh doing? He's good. He's teaching today. Yeah. Y back to work. Back to work. That's right. Yeah. Are you having fun today? Yeah. Good, too. Saying hi. The weather's nice. Finally, right? I know. We're from Connecticut, so Okay. It's heinous up there. Oh, I bet. I've been hearing they're about to get a blizzard. Big snowstorm. I know. It's going to be awful. Oh, sorry. That'll be nice. When do you head back? Uh, Tuesday. Okay. So maybe when you get back it'll be done. Yeah. Okay. Good. Good. Good. Good. I'll pull it out. There you go. Thanks for all you do. Of course. Thanks for watching. Enjoy the rest of your vacation. All right. See you. I do love this shirt. I keep saying I need it. Oh, Won says I can use Kelly's credit card. Okay, I'm going to text Kelly. He was just texting me. [Music] in our group chat that we have. Oh my goodness. Mom, do you have this one? She doesn't. She needs it. They don't have her size. Darn it. I would totally buy that for her. They do have a small. A small might work. Everybody else liked it, too. Winny dot poop. Winny dot poop. Oh, Stitch Day will be on a Friday. We might be doing a two-part stream. We'll see. You guys know how I love going live for uh Stitchy Day. Look, it's Pisco. That's a rare character. I love that. The version of Groove is always one of my faves. [Music] Let's go see what shoulder PS they have. [Music] They do have Jimmy Cricket. They were running out of him, but they're he's back. They have Chewy, Haunt Mansion, Gargoyle, Stitchy, Groot, Zazu, Baby Yoda, all of them. I do like this shirt. It's a cute one. I did get the Disney park uh Disney park girl. I had to. I just love that. Love it. Love it. Hi, Aaron. Welcome in. I still think Jesse needs this one. Both Jess. A the most most incredible power couple. That's cute. I like this one, too. It's for kids, but I do like all the bows. And then, of course, that one is adorable. [Music] Thousand in the chat. Here's Coxsworth. Did this used to move? Guess not. I don't know why I thought it moved. Looks like it should move, right? Um, all right. Have we chatted? I don't think we've chatted about David's Vacation Club rentals. Yeah, have we? Go check out David's Vacation Club rentals at dvcrequest.com/tv. dvcrequest.com/tv. If you guys are wanting to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost. Again, go check them out at dvcrequest.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's And that fantasmic sign has faded a bit. Still looks good though. Next to the Tower of Terror. [Music] Oh, yeah. The fried chicken at um Prime Time is my absolute fave. The pot pie is good, too, though. [Music] Oh, there you go, Tim. Is that how it is? Okay. He moves when you're not looking at him. Hello. Hi, friends. How are you? Hello. Long line for ice cream today. It is a perfect day for ice cream. 35 for the Tower of Terror. Right. It's cool with the clouds behind it. All right, we're going to go in the Tower of Terror shop. Hopefully, it'll work. [Music] Thanks for hanging out with me today, everybody. Oh my. On this gorgeous day here at Hollywood Studios. Oh, there must be a character Palooa back here. Let's go see who it is. I see Japetto. Japetto. I see Pluto. Pluto jumped spots. He was down the other way earlier. Me. That was a good waste of 10 minutes. and Daisy. That's so fun. Me and Pluto. Oh, I love that. It's scary, isn't it? So fun. If it was Stitchy, I would wait for sure. [Music] I love it in here. of all the ambiance of the Tower of Terror. So, it might lag in here a little bit, but I'll fix it if it does. See what they have. I haven't been in here in a while. [Music] There's a Walt Disney World coat. You need this on Monday. That would have been perfect. the stitchy half ham. Really like this shirt. [Music] Lucky 13 elevator company. And then the lounge light years. [Music] The ride of your life. And then this one says, "I'm just here for the elevator. It's funny. That is fun. Oh, and I have this one, too. Opens and then it stitch. And they like the little door hanger. So fun. This is a fun one. We trust your stay has been a pleasant one. Just plain on the front. And they have this pin. Remember when these were sold out, Tim? That's right. I thought you had that shirt. Please do not destroy [Music] the [Music] Got the Tower of Terror phone case. This is pretty. I don't think I've seen this mini necklace. Minnie Mouse necklace. I love that they have art in here. So fun. This lights up. I'm not sure how much it is. This one is $199. Got some of the ear resists in here for $16.99. This one's fairly new. The Winnie the Pooh one. R2-D2 one. And they have this that I have and I love [Music] the Winnie the Poo one. Oh my goodness, it's so cute. I know, Tim. I remember. Could not find it anywhere. And now, bam, everywhere. That's usually how it goes, right? Look at all the zeros. That's the sleeping over here. We have the Tower of Terror phone case. Awesome. Yep, he sure is. All right, guys. Jaw Freeze. So, they usually call that like a character palooa when they have a bunch of characters out and it's usually when they're like training um the characters for meet and greets, which is really fun. I love that they do that. Shorter weights and you get to see some characters. The Kron and the Emo one. I know. Isn't that cute? All right. How much is this? To what did you say? It's out the door. So, I'm guessing they don't have all the cues lined up cuz it only says 35 minutes. [Music] Not too bad. [Music] Let's go back to um Oh my goodness, that scared me. Let's go back to Tower of Terror. There was a balloon that popped. Not Tower of Terror. I'm sorry. Rock and roller coaster. I'm all all discombobulated now. Go check this out before it's not Aerosmith anymore. and all the views before they change it. [Music] Busy back in here. Another one bites dust. All right. There you go. It's going to be Muppets here pretty soon. So, get your views of it now. [Music] Yep. They're going to have to change the sign here sometime soon. I'm excited for it, too. I'm going to miss Aerosmith because I I love Aerosmith, but um I am excited for the Muppets for sure. All right, I'm going to get out of here. Sorry guys, that was probably going to be very, very copyrighted, but it's all good. I feel like it's starting to get busier and busier as the afternoon goes on. Maybe people are coming in for uh the nighttime show. Fantasmic later. Oh my goodness, that is so true, Amy. I did not even think about that. That is a very good point. Right. Again, the ice cream place is very busy right now. Fairfax fair is not too bad at the moment. See what they have on the menu over here. I think this is where they have all the bowls. The waffle bowls. I've always wanted to try the beef brisket, but I'm afraid it's going to be spicy. I have had the enchanted rose before. It's very good. It's delish. Okay. [Music] Go back to the sidewalk. The street got very busy. I wonder if a show just let out. We should do a rapid fire bop. All right, guys. So, if you've not already hit the like button, close out of the chat, find the thumbs up button, and bop it. But you can only bop it once because if you bop it twice, it takes it away. Are you guys ready? Are you set the like button and subscribe if you're new? [Music] Uh, Thomas, I did show the Pandora um charm sign. Let's go back a little bit. It was a Cinderella shoe and a new bracelet, [Music] right? Son's Patrick. We got Stitch Attack Snacks still. The Disney ducks and the sweet dreams. All the mystery packs. These used to get me, but man, they're pricey, so I don't get them anymore. Character mugs. Pixie plush. [Music] The Munchling series. That's the This one and the coffee one. They got me. Fantasy flights. What's that one? Obviously, it's very popular. A spike the bee. Me the poo. like all the thing all the characters that Oh, even Zipper from uh Chipale. There's even Stitchy characters that fly. That's fun. I like these glasses. I got some of the new Mickey glasses. I got these the other day. They're in my bag. I just didn't put them on yet. And the pins are busy today. We'll go to the pen shop. [Music] I know. Spiked Dubby. Spiked Duby. Where can he be? Where can he be? It might be time for a snack. [Music] All right, got a couple more shops to check out. So, let's hop in this one. Love the music on this street. [Music] all the Zootopia stuff in here for the new movie. I love this MC Wild shirt. They also have um the build your own ears in here. And they have a ton of those Minnie Mousees they were out of at Epcot the other day. They're back. Got them all. The heart. They got the Mickey. They've got the mini and they've got the original ones. Um they are, however, running out of the cars. So, I'm better start buying those cars. The Cars Land next. I think they had them at Epcot the other day. So, I might have to go purchase those. I love these ears. Aren't these cute? Oh, no. Corey, you didn't know it went upside down. Oh, I'm sorry. A look at this cocoa That is adorable. This is cute, too. I know it's not supposed to go here, but it's really cute. That's right, Benjamin. Yeah, Paradise Pier was a land in Disneyland. You're right. Got all the anxiety back in stock. Got your anxiety mugs in your backpack. [Music] like this shirt. The Carl and Ellie one. Really cute. Oh my goodness. There's two aliens. Interacts with the other aliens. So, now you get two little ones where before they were bigger and you um had to buy them separately. How much are they now? $34.99 for two. Oh my goodness, they have Lenny. He's so cute. Windup teacher with googly eyes. Let's light your gauntlet. Get your pizza planet truck characters. See if they still have the pizza planet lug bag over here. This is where I found it. They do. And they're running low. So, if you guys want one, here they are. They're $65. They're amazing. I love my love bags. You get your Pizza Planet shirt to go with it. They still have the popcorn bucket ornament. These guys are fairly new, too. Set of two plushies. Hope you guys are enjoying the stream today. We're just kind of enjoying some time walking around and chatting and shopping and taking in the ambiance. [Music] I know the lugg bags are great, aren't they? Dining at Disney. Hi, Mary. watching from work. Tim from EXP Realy call. He's going to have another realtor contact me since we're interested in manufacturing homes. Okay, very nice. That's awesome, Mary. Thanks for contacting Resort TV1 Homes. We really, really appreciate it. It helps us out and it also, you know, helps you guys find a house and they're amazing. And they will find that right realtor for you, just like you said. Amazing. Love that. My watch is falling off. Well, let's go in this shop over here. [Music] I love these sweatshirts. I think they're so cute. [Music] A thanks. Thanks, John. You're so welcome. The '9s shirts. They're so 90s. [Music] Oh, yeah. And these pens are No. Are these pens? No, I'm sorry. These are cards. Back in the day, I used to always buy a pack of cards from Disney. $14.99. Play solitire or, you know, card games and stuff. Any not some 2026 merch. A thanks Corey. So glad. Got your freeze-dried Skittles and your popcorn. It's the one I Is this the peanut butter one? I think so. [Music] We're all the same shoulder ps here. And they've got some of these shirts hanging so we can see them a little bit better. I like the outfit repeater one, but this is the one I had to have. It's hard to see in this light, but it's pink and it says just a Disney park girl. I do really like this one because I'm a lady. She reminds me of Chloe. Even though Chloe's a dog, they're both ladies. [Music] Love this new spirit jersey. It's amazing. the pearls and the gyms. Can hear your de or are crying. I get that Valentine Minnie [Music] Valentine Mickey. [Music] This shirt is really cute, too. And then I really like this hoodie. [Music] Oh yeah, the Marty girl shirt. Yeah, I showed that on one of my Disney Springs vlogs. It's very cute. [Music] Oh my word. It's a cute little clip. Fun. It's a swing hat. But as a clip, we got all the sweatshirts ready for when it gets chilly tonight. I still really like this one. I don't need more sweatshirts, but it's really cute. It's $59.99. [Music] We have another Bam. The wind picked up. Got another shop to check out over here. [Music] See what pens they have. [Music] I like this one. Most magical day ever. Hi, Main Street Magic. Yep. We're here now. Oh, you read my mind. I like this one. The caterpillar. [Music] Fantasmic. I really like these. Honorary pen trader. Honorary Mickey Mouse. [Music] The Dalmatians are cute. [Music] Chicken little shoe. These are new, too. The ice creams. Think they have any new Stitchy ones? They all look very similar to what they had before. And look at this duro one. Isn't that cute? Your sister is a big pin collector. I like the pins. I just try not to buy them all. They do still have the stitch one. Tim jumbo. This one's cute, too. Focus. Have the packs. The pin packs. Oh, this one's new. The set smiling ear to ear. Got Pluto on the train. It's hard to see. Hang on. See, but over here Mickey on the teacup. And then never skip leg day. That's awesome. Got Tiana's Bayou Adventure. This pin pack that I've wanted forever. [Music] We've got the Star Wars starter set. Oh my goodness. Look at this Popsocket. I love this. That is super cool. And here is um I was going to say the Mad Hatter. How about the uh hat box ghost? All cell phone cases, headphone cases, and smartwatch bands. are $20. Are you serious? Um, okay. They have a black stitch. It's $20. [Music] I wanted the white one. That's pretty cool. And then all the phone cases. I forget which one I have. Do I have the 16? They have the 16 Pro. Not Pro Max, just Pro. No, I don't see it anywhere. [Music] Who else? That just means I don't need it. So, these are the sets that come in. add to cart. Tim says a look at this little setup over here. $22 for the ornaments when you buy three. This is cute. Dad saw this one the other uh yesterday at Disney Springs. There's that. And here is the back. [Music] Pluto. The back I'm sure says Pluto. I still want this one. I want all of these. I want this one. I really want this one. I don't know why I just think that's so cute. $26.99. And I really want this one. Look how cute. Oh, this one's cute. And this one, if you have a new home, how adorable. Got a Minnie Mouse hat and then a Mickey hat. Birthday. Oh my goodness, there's so many good ones. And I still want this one. You're welcome. You're welcome. All right, guys. Well, let's see what's in the next shop. [Music] I do like the succulent. [Music] $24.99 for the succulent. It's bustling in here. Everybody's in here. This is really cool. Huge, but cool. $54.99. Let's see what treats they have. I love the treats in here. The bag treats. They've got PEZ, [Music] gummies, chocolate, popcorns. This is the one I want to try. Chip meal one. Chuffs. [Music] Sorry, you're fine. I love the um the nutty berry mix. One of my faves. Yeah. Oh, they have the chocolate chip cookies. The lemon cookies. Popcorn. This is really cool, too. You get um gummy pumpkins in your carriage for $14.99. It's plastic, of course. Do you have that at work? I That's I was telling mom and dad that if I still worked at school at the school I used to work at in Indiana, I would totally buy that cuz I would need that much water for a day. So, I get it. Totally get it. These are so pretty. This is pretty. [Music] thermos. [Music] This is pretty. I'm not sure I've seen this yet. This little tote bag. $49.99. And I think it has Yeah, it has a bigger strap. So if you want to wear it cross body. [Music] Is this fun? Looks like a dad hat. So looks like a dad hat. It's fun. Look at all the ears you could ever want. I do like these alien ones. All right. Well, that's all the shops we have today. I think we went most of them. Not all of them, but a lot of them. [Music] Um, definitely go check out, let's see, who else do we have? Um, dreamtable. Dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to book a really hard to get dining reservation, dreamtable.co will help you book that dining reservation. Um, all you have to do is download the app or find it at dreamtable.co either way and uh put in the information, you know, the restaurant you want, number of people, day, time, all the things, and then they will notify you whenever that becomes available. Um, they will not make it for you. They will just notify you, which is great. So then you go in and make the reservation yourself. Again, dreamtable.co We also have Behind the Ride in Disney Demystified by David uh David. No, not by David. David David Mpower. That is it. Sorry. I need coffee apparently. Uh David Mpower. We've got Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified. Go check them out, guys. You can get the ebook, the hardcover copy right there on Amazon. There's also an audio book of um Disney Demystified. What a pretty day today. Oh, no worries, Amy. I think I'm going to be end in the stream here, too. I wasn't planning on doing a super long stream, but I'm glad I was able to do a stream. Glad you guys were able to join me for a little bit. Let me uh pull up the platinum members of the channel and thank them. We love to read their names out and thank them every single stream. Let's see here. [Music] Platinum. All right. So, we have uh Bayou Bow, Total Carrot, Tom, Amy, Moore, Big Guy, One, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego, Mini, Diane 515, Joarro, Sorcerer Mickey, William Ly, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, The Amazing Jayla Moxley. Oh, Chip and Dale. I'm like, what is happening? the amazing Jayla Moxley, Scander Dani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our platinum members of the channel. All of our members of the channel, all of our hoppers, moppers, and boppers as well, Patreon members. We appreciate all you guys. Of course, shoppers. We can't forget you. I'm sorry, Tim. I'm sorry. I am going to call it a day. I got a lot of editing to do. So, I'm going to go home and and edit and uh and then yeah. Uh also, I will not be live with Josh on Friday Night Live. So, I won't see you guys again till Monday uh for Magical Monday. So, I hope you have a good rest of your week and a good weekend. I do think I'm going to be posting my um Disney Springs video on Sunday. Um I also customized some ears and there were a lot of new things going on at Springs. That's why I went ahead and did another video. Usually I don't do two in the same month, but there was a lot going on at Disney Springs. So hopefully again that'll be Sunday. Maybe tomorrow. We'll see. But probably Sunday. And then tomorrow if I can get it done, I'm going to post the Chloe video. Um so please go over to Adventures of Jenna and watch that. Go watch all of our new content coming out soon. We're going to have a lot. We're even planning a bunch of vacations and things and we can't wait to take you guys with us on these vacations. And uh yeah, thanks guys. It's been fun. Thanks Annette. Thanks Amara. Thanks Thomas. Thanks James. Thank you so much. Thanks Noel. Thanks Jen. Jedi Master John Cap. So happy to be here. My wife passed away on Monday. Oh my goodness. After fighting cancer, this has helped me relax my Oh my goodness. Uh, Captain, is it Captain Solless? I am so very sorry. Hearts and prayers for you and your family, guys. Please post some hearts and um some prayers for Captain Solless. And I'm glad this has helped us just even a little bit. So very sorry. Have a good day. Tim says, "Thank you, Smooth Joy State." Hi, Brandon. Thanks, girly girl. I'm glad you had fun. Hope everybody enjoyed the rest of their day. Thanks, Noel. You're welcome. Thanks, Jay. [Music] Thanks, Regina. Thanks, Jason. Thank you, Benjamin. Thanks, Rita. All right, everybody. Keep on buffing the like button. And again, thank you to all of our ninja watchers and all of our replay watchers. We really do appreciate you guys as well. It really helps. So, if you don't get to catch the stream live, if you can watch the replay or if you haven't been able to watch a stream or sorry, a vlog, go back and watch them because it it does help. And leave comments as well. Thanks for all the hearts for Captain Solless. Thanks, uh, Poop. Goodbye from France. Goodbye. All right, guys. Well, let's selfie it up. Selfie it up. Call it a day. We'll see you soon. All right, everybody. Thanks again. Oh, here's my chubby shirt. Got my chubby shirt on. I was able to take my sweater off. I got good with my gold ears. So, didn't get to ride that today, but we'll ride some rides the next time. Don't worry. All right, guys. So, for now, have a great beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music]
