---
video_id: Sc16L7OShFA
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: A Wild Afternoon at Disney's Animal Kingdom - Walt Disney World - 3-18-26"
published: 2026-03-18
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sc16L7OShFA
---
I'm Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I'm live here at Disney's Animal Kingdom. Welcome in everybody. It's been a while since I've been here, especially on a stream. So excited to share a wild afternoon with you guys at Disney's Animal Kingdom. So, welcome in. Definitely subscribe if you're new. Hit the like and uh here we go. Also, the stream today is in 1440p because I wanted to try out this new phone in a little higher quality. So, let me know how it looks. Go ahead and make sure your resolution is set all the way up to 1440p so you get the absolute best picture possible. So, we'll try 4K next time probably. But, uh, well, maybe not next time, but at some point we'll try 4K. But I thought, well, let's try the 1440. It's a beautiful day today in Florida. 70° exactly after our little cold front. It got down in the mid40s last night, I believe. So, that's not bad, but colder than normal in March here in Florida. And uh warmed up nicely, though. Guess what? >> Hey, Max. Just got back. Excited for the stream. Picture looks great. Thanks. Oh, I'm glad you had a good trip, Max. Wow. Look at the sky. Very similar day to when I took that thumbnail picture. >> Thought it was going to be Jenna. Yeah, Jenna usually does Wednesdays, but she couldn't go today. So, she said if I wanted to take it since I'm on spring break, I could do that. >> It's around 45 in Tennessee. Yeah, that's uh it's that time of the year in the spring where the Midwest starts to warm up, but we're not quite there yet. At least it's not freezing. >> Hey, classy Disney mom. Are you live for a whimsical Wednesday? Yes. Hey, Amora. Hey, Amy loves Disney. >> Awesome. Austin, hello. Welcome in. I think I'm going have to put on the wind screens. It wasn't windy when I put my phone together. And now it is a little bit. Yeah. Look, these phones really, really do well when there's a great, you know, any camera does really well when there's great lighting like this. >> I love this park. You want to get the absolute best pictures and videos. Put the sun behind you and just let it light the scene. Sometimes that's not always possible. >> So, who's going to be live Friday? >> Hi. >> Yeah. Nice to meet you. >> Illusion Versus Reality and we watch you all the time. >> Nice to meet you guys. Nice to meet you. >> Yeah, it's an honor. >> That's awesome. From Texas. Do you guys want to say hi on the live stream? Uh, I will. My twin brother's probably watching. >> Okay. >> Hello, Larry. >> Hello. >> Hi. You guys having a good trip so far? >> Yeah. Awesome. >> It's been incredible. >> I'm a former cast member and um I wrote you telling you that I look forward to retiring and coming here, but you make it real for us in Texas. >> Oh, that's great. >> Appreciate what you do in support. >> Oh, absolutely. Well, good. Well, >> you'll you'll get there, right? >> Can we take a picture? >> Of course. Of course. Thank you so much. >> So nice to meet you. Yeah. And thanks for watching and definitely um >> enjoy the trip and the beautiful weather. >> My twin brother met his wife on the college program and introduced me to you. So >> Oh, how cool. My my brother met his wife on the college program. So >> nice. Good place. >> Yep. Here at Animal Kingdom, actually. >> Oh, wow. >> So an honor. >> Well, so nice to meet you guys. And yeah, I remember your username. That's a pretty pretty distinctive one. So that's pretty cool. We're doing magic and so what brought me to this place. I mean, I love it. >> Yeah, absolutely. >> I love it. So, thank you for making it real for people who can't be here. >> Oh, yeah. Our pleasure. >> For sure. You guys enjoy. Nice to meet you all. >> Look at the Look at the tree against the sky there. >> Keep the sun off your head. >> Yeah. >> Hey, Noel. Yeah, I didn't I didn't get this announced as early as I wanted to either. So, if you're watching the replay and go, "Wait, I didn't know you were going to be live." No worries. I didn't announce it very well. But that's a good reason to have the notifications on just in case. I'm sure people will join as they open up YouTube. >> Wow, the light is perfect right now. >> That look great. just like the thumbnail. So nice. All right, let me go over here so I'm can walk around a little bit and see what rides we can get on here. Why doesn't my brother live in Florida? just because of his job. Like I said, he prefers not to be on the streams or anything like that. So, >> yeah, he used to work at Camp Mini Mickey down here. The when the Lion King show was down here and the Pocahontas show was down there, too, where Pandora is now. That's where he worked. So pretty cool. >> So the lines are still pretty long. >> So I'll probably do some walkounds first and then we'll do the safari a little later once the line goes down a little bit. What I might end up doing is a uh single rider Everest. Let's let's walk. Let's walk the gorilla trail instead a little bit and let's just kind of enjoy a little walk around here. >> You're going to say that. But yeah, it's nothing nothing mysterious, nothing weird. He just prefers not to be on the stream, prefers to be private, and that's uh totally fine. It's it's literally no more complicated than that, which I'm glad everybody understands. All right. Hello, Parrot Head Chelsea. Hello, Smooth Joy Day. Hi. Here's Starbucks aka Creature Comforts. Yeah. So, so rarely here to do a stream, so it's nice to get over here, especially on a day like this. This is perfect animal kingdom day cuz it's not too hot. Animal Kingdom because of all the vegetation is beautiful, but it does get very warm. The breeze can't always move through the area as well as it wants to or as well as it should be able to. All right, 45 minutes left of the day. Oh, yeah. The work day. Yes. Animal King's open till 7 though, so I'll stay obviously the whole time till it's open. Till it closes. Let me put my wind screens on. I know you guys are hearing wind now. It's pretty strong, but it feels good. Just hang on just a second. Liam and I were playing a Disney Speedtorm on the Switch before I left. We realized I guess you either have to like play the game a certain amount or you have to I just downloaded it on a whim. I had it on my computer, but I didn't know it was on Switch. I know it's been out for a while. I'm a little behind. But anyway, um we both like racing games, Liam and I. So, we were playing that, having a good time. But yeah, we couldn't play together. We had to play uh you know, one at a time. So, that was frustrating. So, we either had to buy the game or play it enough to get enough experience points, I guess, to earn the uh that functionality. Josh or Ralph. Yep. We're all here. I don't know. I think it's only $9.99 or something to buy it, so that's not too big of a deal. But it's also kind of fun to earn it, too. >> It's a fun game. I I really have enjoyed it. >> I'm pretty good at racing, but you're also racing against all the people that are already upgraded, which is hard. >> One, two, three. Can I go with you? >> Oh, awesome. Awesomeness. That's okay. Yeah, I agree. I agree. It's called Disney Speedstorm. >> Yeah, you can download it for free and then if you want. It's one of those I hate to say it. It's one of those um what they call premium games where you you can start you can play it, but then you have to pay to play it. I don't actually mind that model of of I'd like to be more like the old sharewware model where you can play it for free up to a point and then if you want to buy the if you want to buy like say you could play the first couple levels and if you like it you buy the whole game and that's the end of it. I don't like the constant the constant. Oh, buy this buy this armor. Buy this skin. Buy this uh that's fun. This music's fun. Buy this uh particular add-on or level or whatever, but um I'd rather just pay one price and have the game. That's I'm old school like that. I realize they make more money selling stuff over and over again. So that's anyway. But yeah, you can try it for free. Pay to win. Exactly. So yeah, I like the idea of try before you buy. I think that's a great model, but just sell me the whole game. How much is the whole game? Is it 50 bucks? If it's a If it's a game you like, it might be worth it and then just give me the whole thing. Like, I get it. You know, they have to pay their pay their artists and developers, and that's perfectly fine, but I don't want to keep paying over and over. >> All right. Yeah, I'm on spring break this week. So, Gorilla Falls is open, but the uh Wildlife Express, of course, is closed cuz they're adding Bluey over there. But let's go through Gorilla Falls. >> Right here, >> hey, Wendy. Remember buying a game and that was it? No updates. Yeah, you can't update a cartridge. It's ROM. If you don't not familiar with that, um, cartridges generally have a computer tip in there called ROM, which is read only memory. Here, let's go down here real quick. So, this is uh character greetings of Wilderness Explorers. Okay, so this is the train station, but the train is not running right now, but let's just go check out what's down here. games are incomplete without my I know the microtransactions are rough but part of it I just choose not to do it. >> Welcome in. >> Thank you. >> Of course. >> I don't know if I'm able to do the Zootopia show or not. Probably. Not sure. I hadn't thought about that. So, they got character readings over here. >> Oh, we got Wilderness Explorers. I was just checking out what's going on. This is fun. So, you got Daisy over here and it looks like Goofy. How fun. All right. Well, when you're done playing your video games, you can recycle those so that we can get. >> Yeah, I agree. Michael said, I'm happy to pay for it. I think, you know, you pay for your entertainment and then that's great, but I just don't want to pay lots of times. >> And then once you once you find all the animals, just check in with me. Okay. >> All right. And you know, there's another thing, too, like even even back, you know, in the '9s, you know, early 2000s, there were upgrade packs for games. And that again, that was a whole pack of things that was less like pay to win. And that was like, "Hey, buy some extra levels." Okay, I don't have a problem with that either. Hey, we made some extra levels. You can buy those. Okay, cool. You know, that's also acceptable cuz, you know, maybe they didn't have time to make all those. They made more and totally fine. All right, let's go to uh let's go down here to the Gorilla Falls trail. Anyway, enough about video games, but leave and I did enjoy playing the game. Yeah, we're going to see gorilla. >> Can you used to walk from the theater in the wild to discovery island or do you have to walk back through Asia now that Dino's closed? Oh, good question. Let's go. Tell you what, after we do this, let's go check that out. Let's go walk through the area that formerly known as Doland as much as you can. Most of it's walled off obviously for the construction. No, I haven't seen Jordan lately. She also has another job, so I think she's been doing that more. Uh, but no, we love Jordan. I think she still works here part time, though. Safari at 50 minutes is the shortest line unless you want to ride Collie. I'm good without Collie for today. I saw that. It'll calm down. And this park does always calm down towards the end of the afternoon when people get tired and want to go for dinner somewhere else. >> Capcom with Street Fighter 2, Street Fighter 2 Turbo, and Super Street. I know they they were like, "Oo, people like this Street Fighter 2. Let's uh let's keep iterating on this." Just let me know if there's any lag out here on the trails. There's not always the best signal here in Animal Kingdom, but not bad. >> They were hoping there's fossils from Dino Land in the Indiana Jones area. Oh, I'm sure there will be. Disney's pretty good about putting those little Easter eggs in. scratched his ass. >> Tails are long. >> Let's see what else we see on that site. Thank you. >> So fun. >> All right. So that's a colibus monkey. I almost want to say Columbus. It looks like that, but it's >> colibus. Oh, I'm so y >> So, there's the uh wheelchair loading area for safari cuz it's got a ramp all the way up to it. A little easier for scooters and wheelchairs to make their way up to. What is the projected timet? I don't think they have given a timetable for any of this stuff. I think they know that Tron took too long. I think they will probably >> do a uh a faster job on on uh some of these newer additions hopefully. >> Oh, is that a copy? >> Nice thing we have that is super zoom here. There you go. >> Everything should be done late 2027. Oh, thanks. Amar, >> huh? >> Thought that bird was outside my window. Yeah, >> might be a thing of it. >> Anyone ever do a caring for giants tour? No. That would be really cool though. >> This is Oh, >> that's the elephant tour. That's fun. Okay, >> this is a giraffe and this one's an okopy. Look. >> I didn't see any of those. Just the okopy. >> Yeah, okapis are very beautiful animals. Really unique. It's not something you would see. I mean, it's something you would see, but it's not something you would think of. Like everybody knows what a zebra looks like, but the okapi kind of has the horse in the front, zebra in the back going on, which is fun. Still not used to the time change. Yeah, I'm missing almost everything by an hour if I want to see an American streamer. Could be. Yeah, I know. It does. Uh, especially if you're overseas, it does definitely make it harder. Especially if you're in a different time zone by several hours. It sounds like I don't know if there's bad signal in here or not. Nicable rats over here. If I can get signal to work. >> There they go. Such a fun Oh, there they are. So fun. >> Yeah. All right, >> let's keep moving. It was so funny how on Saturday it was very very uncrowded here in the parks and then um but then on uh Tuesday, yesterday it just got much much more crowded very quickly. Everybody came down for the break. So, now we're in the uh bird area. You can see the net up there. My favorite park. Awesome. Glad to be here for you guys. So, I'm hoping to at least get in the safari and maybe Na'vi River Journey. I do want to go back through the safari and see how much like what time it closes. The brown. >> I made Ron proud. How's that? >> Hi. Good. How are you? >> Are you having fun? >> Yes. >> How about you? There's around 200 birds in this aviary representing 22 to 23 or so species give or take. Some live, some leave. >> Nice. >> All from various regions of Africa. >> Oh, okay. >> Representative of African species. The individuals were born within a human care facility. >> Nice. >> To be clear on that. >> Yeah. How many species of fish? >> Uh, a few a few different ones. They're all in the same family of African cichlids. >> Okay. Uh, I I readily admit ethicology is not my field of study. I don't know too much about fish. >> Well, I didn't even know that word, so that's cool. >> I'm assuming that means the study of fish. >> Yes, ethicology. I don't know quite why it's named that, but >> that's cool. >> It's out there. >> Yeah, super cool. >> Yeah, >> that's awesome. >> Well, thank you. I appreciate it. >> Very, very interesting. >> No, they are. >> Yeah, I like the colors. don't tend to play well with other species of fish too much, but in this large number, they seem to be getting along well enough. >> That's good. >> Also, you like a sprinkle of pixie dust. >> You don't want any fish fighting. >> That's cool. Well, thank you so much. I appreciate it. >> Of course. Have a good day, sir. >> You, too. >> Bye, Chad. >> Yeah. Bye. >> He said bye to you guys, too. All right, the waterfalls what Jose Pepe and just some of the enchanted birds would think. Oh, they love it. I'm sure >> harder to find all the birds in here, but there are I mean there are some nests and stuff up there, but there's not as many. >> Sorry, it's getting kind of crowded in here. have to move on. Oh, >> that's a couple up there in the trees. There you go. Two two or three in one shot there. It's >> like wildlife TV. >> Hey Shaggy. Oh, thanks Mr. in the tree over here, you see some really pretty nests from our weaver birds. >> Oh, yeah. >> Uh if we look over here, if we are a little bit more visible. >> So, the little yellow guys are called vegetable weavers. They'll actually build their nest upside down with a little false entrance on purposely weaker branches. >> Oh. >> So, if a bigger bird lands, it'll go work >> and they actually have an escape route. >> How fun. I love that. Smart bird. >> It's like a early warning system. >> Yeah. I love that. No, I was just looking at at at uh this same type of bird. And then and then there's the one I got the >> the one you just said, the yellow and then that that a bigger darker colored bird up there. What is that one? >> Bluish gray guy. >> The bluish gray guy. Yeah. What is he? >> He's actually a pigeon. It's an olive pigeon. >> Olive pigeon. Okay. >> Yeah, pigeons come in all colors. >> If you make your way over to the Asia Trail at some point, you might spot some of the largest pigeons on the planet. The Victoria crown pigeons. >> Oh, I've seen those. Yeah. that gorgeous blue color on them. >> I I I recognize the name crown. I remember, you know, but yeah, they uh >> Fun fact, did you know that bluebirds don't actually exist? The feather actually just bounces light back to our eyes. It appears blue, >> but if you were to hold it to the light, you actually don't see the blue because it's not a pigment. >> Refraction of light back to our eye. >> So, what color are they really? >> Uh, it depends on It could be brownish blacks. >> Brownish blacks. >> Balances the light. >> Balances the light. I was wondering if it was just gray unless the white was >> Yeah, it's the same effect that scatters the light from the sky. >> How fun. >> Isn't that cool? >> Yeah, that is super cool. It's the That's the You just answered the why is the sky blue question. >> Yeah, that one is actually a bit more scientific as the light hits the water vapor in the sky and scatters it. >> Why blue is what comes back to us? It's the shortest wavelength of light. So, it's the first one we see. >> The first one we see. Yeah, >> that's incorrect. Red is the shortest. We can't see red. That's right. Uh, blue is the wavelength that we can see. >> Okay. Interesting. No, that's a >> Don't you love No, that's not right. >> No, no, that's super cool. It's uh always always fun to to learn why why and how stuff works. >> I'm really liking is that you see a lot more recovery from the freeze that we had a couple of months back. >> Yeah. >> So, that's partly our horiculture team replacing that needs to be replaced. And some of it is just leaving some of the plants alone. Plants are very good at fixing themselves when given the opportunities and resource to do so. I've noticed that some of them they cut back and you start to see some green coming out and you know if there was >> trimming is the best option >> but >> no I yeah I unfortunately had to get rid of some of my croins in front of my house. Those were dead >> although they were not coming back. We >> historic freeze and all. >> Yeah but um you know we we'll get them replaced but yeah a lot of this stuff is uh a lot of this stuff is looking pretty good. So >> is some of the best stuff we ever seen. >> Oh yeah you have to be. You've got so many square miles to take care of around here. This guy is not cheese. >> I promise you the moon is not cheese either. >> It's not. >> Oh my gosh. Yeah. Apparently it's a made of this type of sand or the the rock on the moon. Um if the the astronauts they had to really dust themselves off when they were walking because it's the kind of sandish rockish stuff that regulate that sticks to everything and it's really annoying. Apparently when they got back in the lander it was a pain to like keep it clean. Yeah. And it's also potentially hazardous because it's not eroded rock at all. >> Right. >> So, it is just breathing jagged spikes that could actually like rip up your organs. >> That's what it was. Yeah. That they that it was really um you know, sand. >> This is scary. >> Yeah. Sand here is like smooth because it's been eroded so much >> millions of years. >> Right there. It's like it's like razor blades. >> Exactly. >> Well, hey, nice talking to you. >> Wonderful to chat with you, my friend. What's your name? I'm Ryan. >> Ryan. Nice to meet you, Ryan. >> You are >> Josh. Good to meet you. >> Resort TV1 is my my YouTube name. So, keep an eye out for you. >> Awesome. Thank you, sir. >> Have a great day. >> You, too. >> Nice to talk to Ryan there. If you guys want to send him a little love, I know he'd appreciate it. I love the the pictures there. All right. >> I think that, you know, that and World Showcase is some of the best parts of of these types of parks. see his head >> is the um >> look straight ahead >> interactions with the cast members who know so much. >> Oh yeah. >> See him in the water. See >> you can only see too far away. >> I see him right there. You can drop me. >> You can drop me. >> So you know what else? I don't know if >> Oh, I didn't get his I didn't get his uh >> where he was from. I'm sorry. He was reading the chat. And obviously you guys are all saying nice things, but that is a great reason why. That is a great reason why uh we always put nice things in the chat because you never know when somebody who's on the stream can look at the chat, too. So, we always say nice things. Ryan's a walking AI. #notabot. >> My gimbal's getting creaky. I may have to replace it pretty soon. Oh, a zebra. Really close zebra. >> How fun. >> Come over here so I can see him. Beautiful. >> You got any questions about the zebras? >> No. I mean, they're it's really nice to see them up so close here. >> Mhm. So, >> these are pretty rare zebras as well. Why is that? >> Yeah, there only around 3,000 gravy zebras left in the wild. And it's because of the fact that they're being hunted for their fur and their meat. >> And a lot of habitat uh a lot of habitat loss is causing them to get collisions with cars, too. >> Oh, even in Africa mostly, I would assume. >> Yeah, in Africa they're found only in the northern parts of Kenya and southern Ethiopia. They have a pretty limited range for a zebra. They're just one of only three species. Aside from the gries, there's also the common zebra which are found throughout the subsaharan regions of Africa. And then they're in the mountain zebras of South Africa. >> Huh. And so what are the what are the biggest um >> what are the biggest differences between this particular type of zebra and more of the common ones? >> Well, for one thing is their size. Grevy zebras are a lot bigger. 900 to around 990 lb. >> So to put that in perspective, that's about half the size of a Clydesdale horse. >> I was going to say they do look kind of like a like a pony size almost like like especially this this guy here. He looks more almost like not big horse, but like smaller pony size. >> This one kind of gives me a little bit of a large donkey vibe. >> Large donkey. Okay. Maybe it's hard to see from here. I've got it I've got him zoomed in pretty far. >> Yep. And another way you can tell that this is a gravy zebra is how narrow their stripes are. >> They are. >> So they got more stripes compared to that of other zebras. Plus, they have a white underbelly. And if you look at their backsides, it'll kind of look like somebody took their thumb and press it on their backside. It's like they have a literal thumb print on their back. >> I see that. And I know the stripe patterns are unique even with all all uh breeds of zebras there. >> It's more noticeable in the varieties of zebras by species, but it's more slight differences within the individuals. That's what the stripes are there for, for individual recognition, >> right? >> As well as species recognition when it comes to the five varieties of common zebras that are found throughout subsaharan Africa. For the mountain zebras, it's pretty easy because there's only two populations, the Hartman's and the Cape. >> Oh, nice. And very similar to the um Hartman's and Cape Mountain zebras, there's a little bit of a bronze color to the facial stripes. >> And their muzzle is not really that black compared to other zebras. And by that I mean to the brevy zebras. >> And they also got much rounder ears compared to that of other zebras which are more triangular. >> Oh, really? >> Yeah. >> That's kind of cool. So they're they're uh a lot of uh a lot of nice differences there. Now, okay. So to to answer the age-old question, it appears to me that they are white with black stripes. Actually, it's either way. If you shave a zebra and you look at the bear's skin, you'll see that they have stripes as well. >> So whether they are skin or fur, zebras have black and white stripes. >> Oh, so they just are they just are that color no matter what. >> Yeah, but both colors. But if any of you are wondering which one has the more predominant color, I would say they have slightly more black on the skin than white because we look at the Grants or Hartman zebras on our safari. You'll notice that their muzzles are jet black and there's little bits of white fur coming out of the snout. So I would say if there was one color more dominant than the other slightly, it would be white. It would be more black, less white on the skin. >> Okay. But if you ever watch our show, the Magic of Disney's Animal Kingdom or any other zoo show, and you see a zoo, a a zebra going to the vet, you would actually see when they shave their fur, you'll see that their stripe pattern kind of matches that on the skin as well as the fur. >> I guess it depends on where in the body you look. >> Oh, and another thing you can tell about the skin is if you look at the underbelly of the grab zebra, if you're looking enough, >> yeah, >> they have a very big white line going down the belly, that's mostly skin, >> right? So that's another indication how it has a little more black on the skin than white. >> It's just slightly noticeable of a difference, but you need to have a sharp eye to see that. >> Oh, for sure. For sure. >> Yeah. And we're very lucky to have these zebras here around 3,000 to 2,000 left in the wild. >> They are critically endangered. They're right up there with the Somalian wild donkeys as one of the most endangered ecuines on the planet. But luckily, there's an amazing group called the Grevy Zebra Trust that is working to help with locals in the area to understand these zebras, as well as helping to get their kids through schools. And they also try to get in touch with the with the government of Africa to get roadways elevated to keep the zebras from getting hit by cars because the roads just go through the migration routes. >> Right. Right. So, it's more of a like a natural mitigation. I know like there's places where there's a lot of collisions with deer. They're starting to put tunnels under the road so the deer can go under the road and they don't have to go over the road. >> That's an example of a wild corridor. They got some for for under roads like here in Florida for things like alligators and Florida panthers. Yeah. >> And there's even some that go over the roadways. If you ever if you've ever follow a program called Project or Planet Wild, it's an amazing organization where they support many wildlife federations to support wildlife all over the world. One of their latest projects is to help to build one of the largest wildlife corridors in the Rockies from the southwestern United States all the way up to Canada. Huh. >> So that way animals like grizzly bears, bison, moose, and wolves can cross over or under road safely without getting hit by cars. >> That's really cool. >> They had that um in conquered Massachusetts when they were enlarging one of the highways through two. They did an underground tunnel. >> Awesome. I'm glad they deer. So, for those of you who are watching this back home and can hear my voice, >> look up Project Wild and the Grev Zebra Trust to learn more about how you can help support these groups and the animals that they try to protect. >> That is so cool. So, and you were Johnny. >> Yeah, my name is Johnny >> from Metar Metar Louisiana, which is literally right next door to New Orleans, >> which Yeah, I know. I knew the name because I'd driven over there a couple times. So, very cool. >> It's a very nice town. >> Yeah. >> I was not ready for all the bridges. I was like, "Wow, there's a lot of bridges, you know, long bridges going over to New Orleans." But, yeah. Yeah, that is mostly for people, but I wouldn't be too surprised if we get wildlife corridors as well. >> Yeah, for sure. >> Awesome. >> For sure. Well, it's nice to meet you, Johnny. >> All right. You as well. I hope you enjoy the rest of the trail. >> You as well. Thank you. >> I've actually seen that. >> Yeah, for sure. That was awesome. Very knowledgeable. Again, I got his I got his city for you. This is a Gorilla Falls exploration trail, too. If you wanted to simun for Ryan earlier, I just didn't get his city. Let's see if there's any gorillas >> hanging out here. >> Green right shoulder showing animal. >> Oh wow. She was saying how why they have the colors on the different animals on the different parts. And she was telling that family that if they, you know, like, oh, the the one with the green right shoulder is showing abnormal behavior and then they know who it is and they can go check them out cuz otherwise they've got so many that it's hard for them to uh always identify them promptly. How fun. I love all these streams each day. This is a private tour. No, no, I'm just walking the Gorilla Falls trail. This is just a something anybody can do. anytime. As >> long as you pay to get in the park, you can do it. >> It is a nice change. Excuse me. See if we can see some gorillas. There's usually some back there by the window, but not today. Looks like there must be some here cuz there's a lot of people standing on the bridge. My cousin used to work this area and then the whole trail. He would tell me stories about things they probably shouldn't ever repeat, but it's always interesting hearing all the stories. >> That Oh, yeah. There he goes. So, what he's doing right now, everyone, that gorilla that just stood up to walk around, he's the leader of the group, and he's doing a thing. It's sort of like a perimeter walk. He's doing a final check. They're about to go in their barn, and he has a responsibility for their safety. So, he's going to check and make sure there's no threats or predators before they go in their barn. And that's a behavior if you have like two dogs at home, one of your dogs probably does that. Checks the doors, checks the windows before y'all go in for the night. It's just an instinct animals have. >> Yeah. So, yeah, there's two more back here. It's like right there behind the rock and then number three and then number four. >> Let's go over here. See if we can get a get a better view. >> That's nice that they they check the perimeter for safety all the explorations and that cast member or the interaction. So here he is. He's doing his thing. >> He literally is walking the perimeter. >> Not that I not that I doubted her, but it's just cool to see like exactly what she said. So he's going behind the tree there. Age of Retro. That's why my wife called me a gorilla. That's funny. >> See if he comes out of behind this bush here in a second. There we go. Let's see if they'll come up here a little more now. >> Oh, Everest went down to 20. Nice. We got to go do that then. We'll do safari here in a little bit. >> That's the same one we saw. How do you not see him? He's right there. >> You see the gorilla >> taking a break. I'll let you know if he gets a little closer. But in the meantime, we've got a couple over here. Oh, wow. >> Oh, don't stop behind the walk. >> Yeah, if you can dream it. These guys are great. So, um, backside of gorilla. So, um, and Dan wants to know if mom's doing okay. Yes, she is. And yes, I'm off for break. There we go. >> There goes this guy. >> Or something like that. Last cast member was Johnny from Meereie, Louisiana. >> You're sitting in your office in me right now. That's awesome. Mama. >> You don't usually see him, you know, so active. So that's nice. It's nice and cool outside. They can be a little more active. Oh, see I'm going to lay down. I've done my walk. We're all good. >> All right, let's go ahead and move on. We're kind of chilling now. >> Yeah, he's a big guy. It is just always when you see those, you know, just impressive just how huge they are >> and strong. I know. this area for the gorillas. It really is um beautiful. Underappreciated for sure. It's not a ride, but it's it's very unique in the way that it's created. Like, it's not it's not your typical >> not your typical uh animal viewing experience. Okay. Then my cousin was telling me some of the protocols they have for uh you know just keeping the animals and the guests safe. So they have a lot of protocols just in case one escapes which not I don't think they have. They have had animals get out >> but it's always been without incident and they have their plan. They they uh execute the plan quickly and keep the animal and the and the people safe. >> It's not a zoo. That's right. I remember that. The old tip for today, Resort TV, which we have on our channel. You can watch it anytime. If you didn't know that, we don't talk about that much, but this channel started out as literally the resort TV. Hey, John. >> So, we can watch must do Disney. >> Can watch that one. >> Don't turn it. >> You can watch uh Stacy Chrissa tip for today. Even the 1990s, the early 90s ones are there. And my favorite one, the Disney World Network. All right, let's walk down by Dino Land and see what's going on down there. Okay, we're getting off the safari. Tomorrow's Yeah, tomorrow's a special day. So, tomorrow Jen and I are most likely going to be live uh in the evening at Disney Springs. And there's a reason for that is because tomorrow is 9 years since we started live streaming. Tomorrow's our 9-year anniversary of the very first stream I did, which was at Disney Springs. So, we're going to go there, hang out, and enjoy. We might also go to the resorts. We'll see. Yeah, it's going to be fun. found this channel because I went searching for Resort TV Loop a few years ago. Cool. >> So glad you found us. >> This says 40. So let's uh let's go back in a minute. or let's come back in a little while. Should be should be going down as we go. I got to watch a gorilla. >> Got to watch a gorilla climb a tree at Baltimore Zoo. That's super cool. That sounds like a lot of fun. That cat compliment made in Yes. Nine years. Isn't that crazy? So thankful for all the experiences we've had throughout the years. Come a long way and we've done a lot of cool things. There's Mickey Fishwa fellow which means we looked it up. Friendly friendly fellow >> number. Imagine if Disney played you on the resort TVs I'd watch. That would be fun. I mean, we'd >> obviously be open to that. But >> they probably wouldn't do that because we're we don't work for them. So, and also even if we unfortunately even if we do a perfect job, which we don't always do, but even if we do a perfect job at covering the parks, it's always there's always things that happen on live stream that, you know, you can't always control. So >> yeah, but I would I would love that for sure. >> We started planning for the Big 10 year. We talked about it a little bit, but no, we haven't made any definite plans yet. >> Uh to be a part of the community for five five of those years. Awesome. Thank you for being a part of it. >> Hey Aaron. >> That's right. Bop the like button like Emara says. >> Beautiful. You go see your >> Why don't you go see any of the live shows like Lion King or Indiana Jones? I just don't usually have time. I'm not usually here at the right time for those shows. I know Jenna goes to see the bird show quite a bit and sometimes we we just sometimes we don't go see some of the shows to avoid a copyright or two. Now, Indiana Jones doesn't have any copyrights. Uh, but yeah. Um, we I'm just not usually at Hollywood Studios early enough to see Indiana Jones, but Lion King has a ton of copyright stuff on it, which is fun. But, uh, sometimes you just want to do a stream with no copyrights on it. >> We don't have to always fight the the ad revenue battle because of all the time we put into it. It's frustrating when all every all the, you know, any extra ad revenue goes to the giant music company. So, but yeah. Um, but a lot of it is just scheduling. So, it's a good question for sure. It's not intentional and some, well, sometimes it is, but most of the time it's not. So, look at that. But yes, we do need to get to some of those shows. It's been a while since we've streamed Indiana Jones for sure and Lion King. Congrats on 9 years. I'm so glad to have found Resort TV1. Thank you. Glad you found us, too. >> Most shows are mid-afternoon. Yes. Yeah. So today most of the shows are over. So we had an appointment. Tank had a vet appointment so I couldn't go in the morning today. I usually am just only available in the evening. >> But yeah, it was a good question. >> Congrats on 9 years of streaming. You guys are the best. Thanks, Diane. >> Oh, did this whole tree die? >> Wow. Yikes. Oh my. Maybe it will come back. Maybe it'll just lose its leaves. >> Come back. >> When you send me that information, >> that a banyan tree. >> Yeah. Well, they're probably trying to figure out what to do with it at this point. >> I like that cast member sand circle of life. A lot of these plants come back on their own. They've survived all these years without any human intervention. So, they usually find a way or they stay in warmer areas and turn right. >> I heard Josh found his very first computer. Oh, yeah. Long time ago, put it on Retro TV1 Tech. A couple of them. I had the one that we had at the house first and then the one that dad had first. I got both of those. Yep. Happened after the cold spell. >> Uh, no. Probably not on Saturday. We'll see. Probably going to take the weekend off and just enjoy family time. I'm getting caught up with stuff before we go back to school. I'll be back for next tranquil Tuesday and I'll be I'll be live tomorrow, too. So, all good. >> I'm so sorry, guys. >> Oh my gosh, I forgot I'm hiding. >> Do you think plants have a conscience? You mean like do you think they're conscious? Conscience meaning like they knew right from wrong? I I would doubt that as far as if they're conscious of what's going on. I don't know. There's no way to know. You're cold. >> So nice. No, I'm mommy. That was a lot. I say that. >> All right, guys. I'm going to go to the >> go to the restroom real quick and then we'll be on our way. Well, >> got to get the BRB ready. >> All right, guys. We're going to be There we go. >> They must have some kind of Huh? >> Imagine regarding a 50 theme park, they should have done Star Wars and Marvel. Yeah, that'd be fun. I don't know. It' be very interesting. All right, I'm going to go to the restroom real quick. I think I finally got the BRB working. Then we'll go see about Everest. like fancy where we can't see you. You're causing a rough causing a rough. >> All right, be right back. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Yeah. Heat. Heat. N. Hey. You are. Oh, hey. It's a pain. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Let's see. All right, welcome back everybody. Thanks for your patience and uh we're off. >> Friday just dropped. Awesome. Excellent. Excellent. Okay. Let's go over here and do the single rider for Everest. Okay. Let's see. So, 45 for this. Let's just see what the single looks like. Oh, it's very crowded here. >> Perhaps you know why Animal King is hotter than the other parks. Lack of humidity, lack of additional I don't know. I know. >> No, it's David's joking, but it's a >> definitely the all the vegetation. >> This doesn't look too bad. Let's Let's see if we can get back in here and see what we need to do. So, Lightning Lane's left, single is to the right next to the store. Oh, it does look so bad. H. >> Did that work out? All right. More or less. >> That might be. >> That might take a while. Tell you what, we'll come back. Let's uh let's look in the uh let's go look through Dino Dino Land and everything. We will ride all these things. We just got to wait till they calm down a little bit. It's much more fun to uh walk around with you guys. Much more fun for you guys to walk to watch as well if we kind of wait till things naturally calm down. Now, Safari's down to 20. It'll be down even lower soon, so we'll wait. This is gorgeous. Oh, you always get overheated at Hollywood Studios. It seems hotter. Yeah. I mean, it it it honestly depends on the day and the lack of breeze and everything else. >> Could be. Scarier than what it is. first time and I really like and I like >> mentioned Dale was on national television. Oh no, I hadn't. >> I actually didn't know that. That's cool. I think we we all were so preoccupied with what was going on with mom, we didn't even talk about it. >> Hello, Army Mitch. Yeah. >> From here. I don't know. It's been a long ride. >> We can come right back here in a minute. Okay. >> Okay. >> We'll come right back here in a minute. I have to get them checked in. Go over here for just a second. Just want to check the front. >> Yeah, that's still crazy. Oops. Lost a little stuffed animal there. >> Look at this. This is crazy. Definitely >> definitely plenty of uh plenty of people here. All right, let's go walk around Animal or Animal Kingdom. Dino Land, I mean, walk around a little Dino Land. David wants me to get some Nomad Lounure. See how they compare with the Cherry Coke ones. Hey, I may have to at some point. They also got to start getting in shape for this 10K coming up. The one uh in April probably not this Friday since I won't be here. Probably next Friday or so, we'll probably be doing the fundraising for that too on the stream where we'll ask people if they don't mind supporting our cause that we're running for, experience camps. So, that's going to be fun. >> Yeah. Good to see you, Snoopy girl. Yeah, let's go over here and see what's going on. Safari is down to 15. All right, we'll go over there and do that after this and we'll do Everest later. So, let's do a lap of the biggest park. Oh, you didn't hear we were doing the 10K, David? Yeah, I guess you must have not been on when we talked about it. Yeah, we we're doing a 10K through the uh for the Experience Camps charity. Would you believe I've been to DAK five times but never went on Everest? Yeah, you can handle it probably. I mean, I don't know what your roller coaster tolerance is, but you could handle it. It's a pretty It's It doesn't go upside down. Like, it's a pretty It's a fun coaster, but it's a pretty pretty nice one. >> Oh, super chat from Zig Zagman. $5 towards a snack. Thank you, Zig Zagman. Appreciate that. Let me ask you. >> All right. So, here we are. So, yes, here's Nemo. So you can get there this way, but I think the rest of this whole area over here, tropical America's, which is what used to be Dand is completely just off limits now. >> So yeah, this it's just this side path to get over here. It just it it lets you complete the loop around the park and it lets you get to Nemo, but that's that's it. Nothing else. They also have the spectator area for uh used to be the Rivers of Light. Dave came join me for 5K. Nice. Yeah. Nothing over here. Just kind of a way to walk. What did you When did you get over your fear of roller coasters? Uh I never had a fear of roller coasters. Been riding them since I was little. I mean, when I was before I was in middle school, I I refused to uh before I was in middle school, I refused to uh I refused to uh ride upside down coasters. But this poor girl's getting like this poor girl's got like a squirrel's getting very friendly over here. Anyways, so um so yeah, when I yeah I I used to not like upside down ones, but I ruled my first upside down coaster when I was in sixth grade at uh Opry Land. >> Wow. >> I have a few roller skates. Nope. Neither. Neither. So there's Dina Dinosaur. Well, this is what dinosaur was. This is not going to be Indiana Jones. Yeah, it's going to be very different. >> So, this is the only way to go. They used to put them on the boats and stuff, too. >> The steel drums. >> Wow. So pretty. Ain't nothing everybody hear. >> That's fun. Those guys are great. >> So, just here just a recap here real quick. There's no Dino Land archway. Actually, you can see quite a bit now as we get further away. Wow, they built quite a bit here. Hold on. There you go. That cool. Wow. It's so different. >> There you go. I know. >> They still have the puppets. Uh, >> I don't know. It's a good question. at Christmas they do. >> Oh, that's always fun. Cuz I'm happy. Yeah. So, very much under construction. Oh, let's uh let's head back to the safari since it's only 15 minutes now. And we'll uh see what animals are out. It's it's toward the evening. There should be more out. And it's still the park is the park is staying open the same amount of time, but it's staying light longer, so they don't have to take the animals in early like they used to start having to take them in early. So now they don't have to cuz it stays light later. Now you still are going to get the best safari early in the morning here. So, actually, if you don't need to ride the Pandora rides or give Lightning Lanes, um, best tip is to go to Safari first because you're going to get the best safaris in the morning because they have all the animals out and, uh, it's usually not too hot. Even in the summer, the animals will be more active. They're, you know, eating, walking around, kind of hunting, you know, that kind of stuff. They're just doing their normal behaviors. My son, two and a half years old, love Viv Viva Gay and we were there in January. Nice. >> Yeah, >> they're awesome. >> Okay, lap two. >> So, let's do Safari and then after that we'll probably ride Everest because it'll be calmed down by then, I'm sure. >> Maybe. And then maybe we'll we'll jump into Na'vi will be journeying close to the end of the night or end of the evening I should say. Every Disney store has a hero and you can hit that today. All you need to do is pop the like button the city and stream. Thank you. Sorry. >> Pop the like everybody. Stop looking after you. All right, let's go see. Hopefully it's still a low weight. >> Love this view. >> Oh, hey Carlos. So cool. >> All right, let's go ride. >> Pam is such a fun place. I don't know if they need the music like quite this loud in here. It used to be kind of relaxing here, but it is a cool place. It's very well themed. >> Uh, no, David, I don't think you've come with me to Animal Kingdom. >> No, I don't usually I don't come over here that often. It is It's a great park. I love it. There's not as much to do, especially with, you know, Dino Land gone. That removes one more ride and area to explore, but still. It's uh it's a great park. >> Yep. Doing safari. 15 minutes. That is correct. We're heading that way now. We just did a lap so we could show the animal kingdom. Not animal kingdom. Dino Lamb progress. I can't talk. Dino Lamb progress. Oh, Josh. I wasn't expecting that voice on a Wednesday. Yeah, usually Jenna, but >> we changed it up this week. Jenna wasn't available and I had spring break and I was like, I'll do it. And again, we're on 1440p today. So, go ahead and uh adjust your resolution all the way up to that if you can. Most TVs will do it automatically, but you can always check in the little settings wheel, the three dots or the settings wheel. Usually, it's three dots now. after Tropical Americans. I'd love to see Disney add a Australia Land Jungle Book ride or something. Lion King. Yeah, >> Lion King ride would be awesome. >> In order to keep your weight time to a minimum, we ask that you please keep your crew together. Keep up with the party in front of you. >> Yeah, David, we should go on collie. That would be fun. It is not big red little red line. If you are traveling with a stroller and valuable unloaded before you reach our stroller parking area in a scooter or wheelchair, please have this person lead your party through the line. This will help keep your wait time to a minimum. Once again, please keep your group together. Keep up with the party in front of you and fill in all the available space. Thank you for touring and killing and drawing. Yeah, Carlos, that makes sense, buddy. You don't have to apologize when you had a quadruple bypass surgery. I'm glad you're okay. I'm glad you're glad you're back. Oh, there you go. Is that the uh which one that is? >> He's hanging out. >> I know. Australia land would be a good option. >> Hey. Yay. I'm in time for the safari. Yes. Family. It's a nice day for Animal Kingdom. It's perfect day for Animal Kingdom. Absolutely perfect. >> Yeah. It's busy cuz it's spring break. It starts the second week of of March and goes all the way through April depending on where what what part of the country and school district and all that stuff. A crane. It was a type of crane. >> We can. I was just asking if you wanted some. >> Really excited for Encanto. It's going to be great. >> Yeah. >> We go by the flamingos and yell at them. Sure. 100 until you get home. >> Here, take your key. We're going to find that for you. As you approach the loading, please note that it is divided into two distinct zones. >> The area with handles is the loading zone. Zone one is where you will stand just before you board your vehicle. Zone two is immediat last week. Oh, it's much busier than last week for sure. >> Into zone two, please note the four circles at your feet in each row of the zone. Each row can comfortably seat four. Children may be seated next to or on the laps of their parents or accompanying adults. As the group ahead of you boards a safari truck, you may follow in the loading area. >> We're going to go down that way, down that right. We're going to go down that way. >> Marissa. >> Oh, yeah. Like a walk on. So awesome. So awesome. How many? >> One. Actually, sorry. We're one. How many as possible? Santi and as we say here in Harambe 20 which means let's go everyone. My name is Sante like a coffee and I'll be your support guide out of the Haray Wildlife Preserve today. Just a few quick safety reminders as we get going. Please make sure you stay seated. Those hands, arms, legs, and feet inside at all times for me. Keep a really good hold on items and devices as well. Well, it gets a little bit bumpy out here and we can't stop to grab anything that drops off the truck. Our first stop is the little Luri Forest. Animals here have some pretty incredible camouflage, so keep your eyes peeled. Now to the right hand side, way at the back. I do see a couple of okopy. Now the okopy with all of those stripes does look like it might be related to the zebra, but its closest relative is actually the giraffe. They have almost identical skull structures and they both have prehensile tongues. That means long and bendy. Use those tongs to strap around branches and pull leaves out of trees. Big black and white bird way up in the back to the left hand side as well. That was a saddle build stork. They get their name from the saddle shape on the top of their beak and their wings. They reach about 8 ft. That's as wide as the canopy above your heads. See if I can get you guys where we can see the okopy again here. >> Says older and younger brother driving each other crazy as usual. >> Maybe they'll start running around sometimes. They'll do that. >> There they go. >> I might swing past her and then turn around. >> They are super cute. Now, the interior forest is a rainforest. Rainforests are found all across the globe, pretty much right around the equator. And one of the biggest qualifying factors to be a true rainforest is that it rains 365 days a year. That's every single day. Up past the cliffs to the left hand side, weigh at the top there is a black rhinoceros. Black rhinos are the smallest species of rhino here on the reserve. Weigh about 3,000 lbs. They can run 30 mph and actually gallop, which means all four of their feet are off the ground at the same time. Pretty impressive for something of that size. And we're slowed down here because there's a whole bunch of antelope crossing in front of us here. They're having their dinner put out. >> I can't really see. >> So, they're excited about that. But, we're going to get a really good look at them. There's two different species up ahead here. The darker orangey ones are bongos and the lighter tan ones are greater kudu. Now, the two largest species of antelope here in the forest. They both have delicate vertical stripes on their back. That's what helps them camouflage so well through the trees. For the kudu, only the males have horns. But for the bongos, both the males and females have long spiraly horns. They use them to dig around in the dirt and pull up bulbs and roots to eat. Those horns are swept back, sometimes criss-crossed at the ends that prevents them from getting tangled in the trees while they're running around. Riding into the Souie River Valley. Animals here spend most of their time in and around the water. There's more big birds down on the right hand side here. Black gray ones hanging out on the shore are pink backed balicans. They get their name from the color of their skin turns during mating season. And they can nest in colonies of up to 500 individuals. Might catch just a glimpse of a hippo over there. I'm going to try to get us a better view on the other side here in just a second. The Nile hippopotamus is one of the largest and most territorial animals in all of Africa. Here we go. Their enormous mouths are home to 18in insizer teeth. And while they can swim, they'd much prefer to just sink down to the bottom of the river and walk along. They can hold their breath for almost twice as long as a human can. The pink tage in a hippo's skin comes from a secretion that works like a natural sunscreen. So, the sunnier it is outside, the bigger those hippos get. >> Baby duck. >> Will the hippos eat the ducks? >> No, they won't. >> Baby duck. >> Hippos only eat plants. Another baby duck. >> Do you see it? >> Now, they only eat plants like I just said, but they do have those enormous teeth. Those teeth are pretty much just for defense. Sometimes from other hippos, sometimes from large predators like the snile crocodile. Now crocodile are the largest of the African crocodilians. They can get 16 ft long and weigh 500 lb. Their jaws are strong enough to take down something twice their size. And they can eat up to 250 lbs of meat in a day. That's about half their body weight. >> What are those? >> This enormous tree coming up on the right hand side here is a baobob tree. They stay leafless for about 9 months out of the year, but they can only control the savannah will tap into and drink from. So they get their nickname, the tree of life. >> Down onto the savannah now, which has the highest population of animals here on the reserve. So we should get some pretty good views down here. Now, the Savannah is a very different ecosystem from the rainforest we were just driving through. Down here, there are wet and dry seasons. During the wet season, there's lots to eat, lots to drink, nice and green like it is right now. But during the dry season, even some of the most permanent watering holes will dry up. So, a lot of these animals migrate in part of what's called the great migration, which consists of over 2 and a half million individual animals and is one of the largest migrations on the planet. Now these long horn animals on the right hand side here are ankoli cattle. Now the ankoli cattle are a domestic species. They were domesticated thousands of years ago by the Watusi tribe. And while their horns look big and heavy, they only weigh a few pounds thanks to a unique honeycomb structure inside that keeps them nice and light. Those horns serve a really good purpose. They work like radiators. So blood will flow into them, cool off a little bit, and then flow back into their bodies. A little bit farther out to the left hand side here, there are some chocolatey colored animals between the bushes. Those are sable antelope. They're the emblem of the reserve. Known for their strength, they're the only antelope that will stay and fight in a fight orflight situation. Their long curved horns prevent predators from being able to jump up their backs. These large earthn structures on either side of us are terite mounds made out of saliva, dirt, and dung. When they dry, they can get as hard as concrete. Other animals on this animal will then use them as scratching post. Lookouts. If you were to cut one of those terite mounts open, you'd see lots of different tunnels and rooms inside, kind of like an antill. Some of those rooms are even dedicated to growing molds and funguses to feed the colony. Now out in this open area here, there seems to be quite a few will the beast. Will the beast make up the largest part of that great migration I mentioned earlier. Travel thousands of miles a year across Australia to keep up with fresh vegetation. Actually the second most densely populated mammal after humans, gathering in herds as large as 1 million. As we get closer to the wilderbeast here, you'll see why their name means wild beast in Africans. >> A little bit farther out between the tall grasses, there are some much smaller antelope. Those are spring backach. spring bucker named because they can spring six feet in the air and 13 feet forward. That's enough to go through the truck over your heads. >> And I do see a giraffe up here. Now, giraffes are the tallest land animal. They can grow up to 20 ft tall. This guy here isn't a very good example. He is just a baby. When are born, they're about 6 feet tall. In the year or so he's been alive, he's doubled in height. Couple of really big tan antelope hanging out here with him. These are eland. Now, the eand are one of the largest antelope on the planet. Males can weigh about as much as a small car. >> Here are some better examples of how big giraffes can get. But these are Msai giraffes. They can tell because of the rough lacy edges to the spots on their coat pattern. Like their cousin, the okopy, they've got long prehensile tongues. Their tongues can get up to 18 in long and are a dark purple color. I think that's to prevent them from getting sunburnt 20 ft for 20 hours a day. Starting to see some downed trees up ahead here, which may mean we're headed into elephant territory. Elephants can be pretty hard to track down. They are elusive despite their size. But let's see if we can find some for you guys today. The reason the elephants can be so hard to track down is actually because of their size. An adult elephant eats about 300 lb of food every day. If they stayed in one place for very long, they would run out of food quickly. Instead, they migrate pretty much all year long down roots that their parents taught them when they were young. Couple more spots we can try here. I remember that. >> Yeah. Do you? >> Yeah. >> That was years ago. >> They also had the big red and little red. You remember that? The elephants coming to some bright clay pits now. Elephants will scratch their tusks along the edges of these pins to get some extra minerals. Also drew that clay up on their back along with sand and water to protect their sensitive skin from the sun. There are some pretty fresh tusk marks off to the right hand side here. When I see something, I think we are going to get to see an elephant. I know the elephants are some of everybody's favorite animals here on the reserve. We do want to protect the ones that we love. We can protect elephants by recycling our electronics. Small electronics like cell phones contain a mineral called cold tan that is binded in elephant territory. This causes them to encroach in on human areas. If we recycle our old cell phones, we're all done with them. We can prevent more gold tin mining and keep those elephants out in their habitats where they belong. >> That keeps everybody just a little bit safer and happier. African elephants are the largest land animal. Fully grown adult males can reach 13,000 lb. We can tell that these are African elephants because their ears are shaped a little bit like the continent of Africa and they'll flap those ears on a hot day to cool themselves down. >> Trunk on the front of an elephant's face has thousands and thousands of muscles in it. For comparison, the human body only has about 600 muscles total. All those extra muscles allow that truck to be strong enough to knock over a tree, but still delicate enough to pick up a single penny. Is >> this a male and female pair? >> Um, this is actually a mother and daughter pair, >> but they are both all grown up. The one that has all the red clay all over her back, that's mom. >> They do have more herd mates. I think that they are getting some peace and quiet out here right now without the baby running around. Nice and close on the left hand side. Flamboyance of greater flamingo. They are the largest and lightest pink of all species of flamingo. They get their color from a beta carotene in their diet. They're actually born fluffy and gray. Takes them about a year and a half to get that full pink color like their parents have. >> These guys are filter feeders. That means they have these really cool structures on the inside of their beaks that will filter all that yummy brine shrimp out of the water. You think we're going to mud wallows, like the one in the middle to the left hand side, are a really great resource for animals that don't have fur to protect them from the sun, like the elephants we saw, as well as rhinos and warthogs. They'll roll around to give themselves a nice muddy layer of sunscreen. That layer can also help protect them from bugs and pests, as well as keeping them nice and cool on hot, sunny days. >> Wait, that's movement in the back up past the cliffs here. They're going to be a little bit hard to see, but there are some cheetahs moving around in the shade back there way in the back. I do. >> Cheetahs are the fastest land animal. >> See if she comes back around again. >> They reach speeds of upwards of 60 mph for short bursts. >> These are long tails as a runner to help them steer while they're going that fast. >> They're the only big cat that hunts during the day, so they've got black marks underneath their eyes that protect them from the sun like sunglasses. as rock formation up ahead here. The Kobe. Predators will hang out on the Kopi. Use the top as a lookout. Underneath is a nice shady resting area. Sometimes a Kobe is the only source of shelter for miles around out on the savannah. Unlike cheetahs, most other predators are either nocturnal or what we like to call crypuscular. It's a pretty good vocab word. means most active at dawn and dusk. So, if anybody's up at the Kobe right now, they're probably There we go. taking a catnap. >> There are some rhinos also up tucked in the trees to the right hand there. That's kind of probably going to be the best look we get at those rhinos there. >> Let me see if I can get you guys a good look at all three of the lines. just like hanging off the side of the >> Yeah, there's one up on the upper rock up there. >> They are so cute. >> On a nice day like this, enjoying the warm rocks. >> Lions are some of the largest predators out on the savannah. They live in groups called the pride with one male and several female lionesses. Lioness will go out at night and hunt while the male stays back to protect the pride. When they're not out hunting, they're sleeping for the other 16 to 20 hours a day. About the same as the average house cat. >> These burrows on the left hand side here look like they were dug out by workh. I do actually see them through the bushes there kind of towards the back. Use their tusks sitting the burrows out and they'll back into them. So those tusks are facing outward for protection. Let me see if we can see the rhino's faces on this side. There is a break in the trees. They might be sitting in just the right spot. Oh yeah, perfect. There they are. >> White rhinos are the largest and most social species of rhinoceros. They have a group's called a crash. Pretty nearsighted, so they rely a lot on their incredible ears as well as an amazing sense of smell. Their horns are made of keratin, the same stuff as your hair and fingernails. And just like your hair and fingernails, they grow for their entire lives. So they keep them trimmed on things like rocks and trees. A glimpse at a deerlike animal called a water buck over there as well. A water buck are named because they drink an unusually large amount of water for an antelope. They've got nice long gra. Here is a better look at the warhawks as well. Looks like they've come out up towards the back there. >> Oh, I see him. Do you see him? >> And it appears that an ostrich has laid some eggs down to the right hand side here. Ostriches are the largest bird and they lay the largest eggs. Those eggs can weigh three pounds each and they're strong enough for a human to stand on them without breaking. Our next stop here is Matti Glenn. This is where the warden's outpost is. Recently, the warden has taken to caring for a small herd of Nigerian dwarf goats. They're becoming popular locally as livestock because they're small, easy to care for, and provide a lot of nutritious dairy for their size. makes them a great alternative to larger livestock like cattle which take up a lot of space and can be pretty bad for the environment. You can see these guys have cute round bellies because they're what we call ruminants. Means they've got multi-chambered stomachs that helps them break down and ferment all of the fiber in the grasses and haze that they eat. They are just one way that humans and animals are learning to live together. Now, it does look like our safari is coming to an end as we reach the outskirts of the village. I want to thank you guys for coming out with me today and my name has been blah, Massachusetts. If we've got any wilderness explorers on board, you've been riding on the Simba One. That's s i m b a and the number one. >> If you guys are looking for other animal encounters, Gorilla Falls is a walking trail just outside the exit to this attraction. They've got views of gorillas underwater hippo viewing ranch, zebras, okopy, things like that. There's also another trail over in Asia. Maharaja jungle track with tigers, bike foxes, kimono dragons, and water buffalo. I do want to remind you guys that the live animal areas of the park close a little bit earlier than the rest of the park does. Two walking trails will close at 6:30 and us here at Spur, we close at 6:45. Rest of the park closes just a little bit later at 7:00 p.m. this evening. And now it does look like it is just about time to say goodbye, but we don't like to say goodbye around here. That's far too sad and far too final. So instead, I'll leave you all with Baharini, which means go well. So go wild, go wild, and enjoy the rest of your day here at Disney's Animal Kingdom or wherever your adventures take you. >> My friends, on that right hand side, watch your hands, arms, legs, and feet. The doors are sliding back open. Watch your step as you exit. Stay warm, stay hydrated, and have a wild evening out there. >> All right, that was awesome. Okay. >> All right. >> Oh, you got saw a lot of animals. >> Um, it was um latte. I don't know the spelling of that. I guess like a coffee was the name of our guide. Yes, she did a great job. >> All right. >> I don't know. >> Let's go. Let's go. Let me check the uh >> check the weight times here. >> Okay. >> Everest is still 60. Holy cow. Okay, that hasn't calmed down. The safari did, but the >> Everest did not. Okay. >> Well, let's uh let's go down by the safari and see if maybe >> the single rider line calmed down a little bit. >> I'm going to go with this. >> What? >> What do you want? >> Yeah, I think it's L A T E if you spell like the drink. And they did say it was spelled like the drink. >> Or they did say latte like the drink. >> Yeah. Great cast members today. Well, stay tuned. We're more fun coming up. They're open till 7, so uh we've got a little over an hour before it closes. And then we'll probably do a little shopping and then we'll probably um head out just just because uh I was out last night too. So I I don't I'm not going to go too long tonight. Just wanted to come out and do Animal Kingdom since I haven't done that for a while. And it's fun to uh it's fun to hang out here. If it wasn't spring break, the crowds wouldn't be Usually by this time everything besides Pandora rides are a walk-on, but we'll go check Everest one more time. might start to calm down a little bit. David's going to the post office to get a passport. Nice. Is she going on a trip out of the country? That's fun. Or just just getting one to make sure she has it. Either way is good. Jill, $5. You seen the new Spider-Man trailer? No, I haven't. That's super cool. >> Thank you for the super chat. pretty much have you seen? And the answer is probably no, but I always appreciate the support. >> Hey, Roxan. Yeah, I'm on spring break. Must be enjoying sleeping a little later. I am. That also means I stay up later, too, though. So, it's kind of a double-edged sword. Kind of a double-edged sword. Shaggy says, "I need to get a new passport." Yeah, I took mine with me to the airport just cuz I wasn't sure if my driver's license was Real ID compliant when we went to New York, but it was obviously you don't need a passport to go from here to New York. But I also knew that they said that if you're on the airline documentation, they said that if your driver's license wasn't real ID compliant, a passport would do. So, I use my passport. It's got a few it's got a few years left on it, >> so that's nice. Yeah, gorgeous day. No, it really is, Jan. Really is >> pretty awesome. Like lap two of the park here. And Jenna comes earlier sometimes and she'll see the bird show, which is a lot of fun. I've seen it before, too. But it's uh morning and afternoon. They don't do it in the evening. Again, I I haven't seen it this crowded in the evening for a while. Like, there's still a ton of people here. >> Usually by this time, people have have done the rides here and park hopped. That's why most people go park hopping. But some people might be just doing single day passes, in which case you'd want to stay till it closed if that that was the case. It's only open from 8 to 7:00. Use your global entry card. I didn't even know that was a thing. That's cool. David's got all the cool stuff. Now, Alicia, I just explained why I was needing a passport. You don't need a passport for New York, but just in case my license was not uh my driver's license was not a real ID compliant, the passport would work as the form of ID. Not that I need a passport to go to New York. Hopefully you guys heard me say that. >> Am I going to Beach Boy Sunday? No, probably not. I saw them though in November which was fun. Always enjoy it. I have clear a passport and global global entry. Nice. Now clear just gets you through security. Of course clear doesn't clear doesn't uh get you into another country but yes I had clear for a while. Um, of course now during this time with the the uh security issues with not enough people and the all the staffing issues. I I don't know the whole thing, but either way that um the clear would come in handy now cuz you could skip part of the line. It's basically like fastpass for security. Unique New York. If you travel a lot, you can apply for Global Entry, which is a fast pass for customs. >> Kind of like clear, but for border entry. Oh, cool. >> That's cool. >> I still was really shocked when I went overseas from Orlando. I went from Orlando to I've only been overseas once. I went from Orlando to Frankfurt, Germany. And then after that I went to um then I went directly from Frankfurt. I never even left the airport. Never went through customs at all. I never officially entered Germany. Like you know once you have to go through customs to officially enter a country. Look guys, it's a crane. Anyway, I never went through um customs. I just got right on another plane to go to Vienna. The problem was once I got into Vienna, there were supposed to be it said go this way if you have like such and such items to declare and then go this way if you don't. And I was like okay I don't have that. And then I just ended up walking right out into Austria the airport and I was like and I'm here. There was no no confirmation nothing. So I literally went from Orlando to Austria without going through customs at all. And maybe that maybe I maybe somehow I should have I'm sure they've tightened that up now. But maybe somehow I should have gone or they should have it. It wasn't my fault. I just followed the signs. But maybe I should have ended up going through customs to get into the domestic the more domestic flights to Europe through Europe. I don't know. >> Have no idea. But either way, I didn't. >> I like followed the signs that this way and something about customs and I turned a corner and I was like out in the the mall area where all the restaurants and stuff were. Tampa airport doesn't have clear. Oh, >> didn't know that. I I've only flown Tampa Tia a few times. Their social media people are hilarious. But yeah, Tampa Tampa's fun. >> Um I uh Tampa's got that little Montreal. Not a Montreal, but that train that goes around all the different terminals, which is nice. And EU can cross the international border without realizing. Exactly. So that part that part was understandable. The part that was weird was I had come from Orlando. So I should have if I was just going from Germany to Austria, I wouldn't have needed it. But um but because I was going from Orlando, that's why it was kind of weird. >> All right. >> All right. Hold on just a second. >> I'm going to flip you guys into uh selfie mode real quick. Rather than get the tripod out, I'm just going to Hi. I'm just I got to tie my shoe. That way you're not That way I don't have to I can just lay the gimbal down. Okay. Look, the ceiling. My shoe came untied. There we go. All right. Hi. I got my hat on today cuz it's sunny. If you stay within a certain corridor, meaning you don't exit to go to passport control, you're in a holding pin until your final destination. When you think, oh, interesting. I didn't get, you know, nothing got stamped or anything. It was just like, okay, you're here. I like, oh, hi. Okay. >> Austral new view. Yeah. Well, you never know. All right, let's check the line over here. My sister-in-law got in town and we're having a Friday night live party. Then I told both live and both sisters came. Oh, that's really cool. I'm assuming you you said you told her that you were live right now. That's super cool. I'm glad you guys are excited and I'm glad everybody's watching. Thanks for watching this. By the way, they still have this open. If you want to just you you want to just sit out here and hang out, you can. Rivers of Light. Is annual pass worth it? I'm 3 hours away. Yeah, it is definitely. I think you have to go like between 10 and 12 times to make it worthwhile, but if you live 3 hours away, that's not too hard to do. Um, let's talk about what's my shoe tying method. Sorry. Um, my shoe tying method is >> basically just the normal >> half knot loop around the loop pull through and then I double knot. I don't know what you call that. I don't do the bun I don't do the bunny ears. I never could I never could do that when I was a kid. I mean, I could do it now, but when I was a kid, I liked the loop. Go around the loop and pull it through that method. It's like that. >> David said, "I took a nap there once." Nice. I'll take a nap for 100, Alex. Speaking of which, if you like watching all the different Disney rides, even past rides like Ellen's Energy Adventures or even relaxing strolls, stuff like that, you can see that on um Resort TV 247. It's my new channel, Resort TV 247. Got the coaster vehicle here. All right, so this this looks much better. So, we'll go ahead and just wait in this one for now. >> It's gone down a little bit. >> I figured through a double loop. >> Ladies and gentlemen, please remain seated. Your train has made an unscheduled stop. Nope, >> it stopped. been wearing slip-ins. Yeah. And these are kind of slip-ins. I've got the uh Vessies, but um I just slipped them on this morning and I never changed them. They're not the most comfortable for walking a lot. Um, and these it may just be because these are older, but >> they're great for waterproof. >> The one outside attempting another 24hour. I don't know. Not for a while for sure. I'm not super not as super excited about it. Looks >> like they got it. Ask >> that is my break. >> My old passport book was fun. I had four or seven continents. That's awesome. David um my uh Steph's cousin actually had um did um four different continents or sorry, seven different continents marathons. She did all seven within like a week or a week or two. She did all seven continents in a week or two. A marathon, which is crazy. Shaggy says, "I love my besties." Yeah, they're pretty good. It's so funny. We approached them about a sponsorship not too long ago cuz we were like, "Hey, this would be like a great thing for us because um and for you guys because like it's uh you know wearing wearing besties to Disney is like a great idea, but they were like, "Yeah, we'll get back to you." And then they they kind of were like, "Uh, we're good." So, but yeah, I like my shoes. I just wish they were a little more comfortable. Maybe I just need to put some inserts in, I guess. >> Yeah, she did a marathon in Antarctica. Yes, she did, David. Isn't that cool? >> There it goes. Those look to your streams. really like the 24-hour ride stream. The old Sky Ride was on earlier today. Brought back great memories. Nice. Brought our baby girl home. She's watching her first live stream. Can't wait for her first Friday Night Live. Oh my gosh, Josh. That's amazing. Congrats. I remember we brought Liam home. Prepare to be tired. Literally sleep whenever you can. You got this. Hopefully, she's a good sleeper. But no, it's so amazing. Congratulations, guys. hiking version are much more comfortable. I didn't know that. Okay, >> I may want to come back. I don't know cuz they're they're moving the trains. They're not boarding them. Let's look and see what the other weight times are. Oh, wow. These got worse. >> We could have done another safari, I guess. >> Not very many rides here. >> One, two, three, four, five. Five rides here. That's it. >> Big park. >> Less rides. order. >> Oh, there they go. sleep. Any chance you get new baby begins the phase of your life where you're non-stop exhausted is worth it. Yes, for sure. The nice thing too about it is um the first couple days definitely um babies are usually tired for the first couple days after being born and so uh even the first week. So the nice thing is um if you um take advantage of that and really really sleep you can get at least a little more caught up Remember when we found you during co and now look how much you've changed our weeks. Friday Night Live is our favorite thing to keep up our weekends. I love that. It's a vlog. I won't be on Friday Night Live this week, but I'm so glad you guys enjoy it. Yeah. So, um Jenna will be on this week. I'll be on um I'll be on tomorrow. Oh, we at Mega Con. >> My dad has like four times. Waterproof. Yeah. >> The wait in the queue at Expedition Everest is the only internationally recognized official museum dedicated to the Yeti in the entire world. There's a plaque and all. That's cool. I didn't even know that was real. How fun. Oh, thanks G Rose. I love that. Yeah. Forgot to say hi to all my hoppers in the chat. My Irish birthday is the 20th. I hope Josh and Jenna will be streaming then. Um yeah, uh Jenna will be streaming on Friday. So the major safari is bigger than Magic Kingdom. Yeah, I think I did read that somewhere. The flag is at the entrance on the left side. Okay. Home designer. Hello Yeah, the cherry coke trail was pretty good. I liked it. I also like cherry coke, so I knew I would probably like it. 39° up here in New Jersey. They dreaming about being in warm, sunny Disney. Yep, I get that. I got to put my hat away. Reminds me being at the train station at Manitou Springs in uh Colorado when you're getting ready to get on the uh Pikes Peak Railway. Of course, it's a little uh the mountains a little taller there, but still it's fun. My my first one was teamwork, so I just had like 15. >> What was it? Avengers. Just remove them. That's right. This is the wildest ride in the Himalayas. Oh, that makes me think of Adam. I actually forgot I kept my hat on uh one time for this ride and I actually grabbed I actually fell off my head and I grabbed it when it was behind me. Liam lost his his actual eyeglasses on this ride one time. So, he's going to have to um he he didn't mind the ride, but he's going to have to rewrite it because he's like now he doesn't want to ride it cuz he's, you know, traumatic experience >> for the new parents. Not Not for the kids. If you want a good laugh, look up Jimmy Jackson right here. >> Yes, David. I think I have seen that one. >> Yeah, sure. for sure. >> Oh, I appreciate that. >> It is a spiritual successor to the Matter Horn. Yes, indeed. You lost your glasses on Everest, too. Oh, man. >> Yeah, Liam's regular eyeglasses. I didn't even think about having him take them off, but he kind of leaned down and they just fell right off his face. Poor guy. >> March is flying by indeed. This year is flying by. Seems like LA yesterday was Christmas. Come on. Right this way. My husband lost the hat on Tiana. Couldn't believe the rookie movie. Yeah, sometimes it I mean if they're busy, they don't always notice, but a lot of times the cast members will uh ask you to take it off cuz you know they're trying to help you out. They also don't want it to hit anybody, but usually that wouldn't hurt. This year may have been Christmas, especially for those that haven't put away their tree. Oh my gosh, David. Mid-March, man. Hey, Anthony. >> Kelly. Hello. This is the line in the middle here for the front row. So, we're But we're getting close. After this, we should be able to do uh maybe Na'vi River. We can wrap up after that. Should start going down. We're going to head right over. was a Harry Potter World hat. Maybe that's why they didn't tell him. That's funny. >> You know, you never know. David, you even took your your hat off for a runaway runway out. I mean there is a breeze on there. So sometimes they do say to take that off riding AK. Nice. >> Hey, Purple Fire. Oh, they're all getting ready to ride in the front. Yo, boys. Maybe there's a there's a Pengri shirt there. Couple Pengri shirts. Those are fun. AK and AK. I can't do 8K. Getting close. I think that whole group that was in the front was was u from there. Like three of them have the shirts on. Yep. Disco Yeti time. I actually have a video of the non-disco Yeti even though my camera wasn't as good back then, but I wrote it literally just uh a few weeks after it opened. So Yeti was the regular Yeti was in full effect. >> The one ride I never want to be in the front for. It's fun in the front. I like it. I've got a GoPro video of it in the front. Two follow behind these two. That's fine. 16 here 14 and 15 small items. Yes, I'm one of the few that's actually witnessed the real Yeti. It's true. I can't you Attention. Once forward small belongings in the pouch larger items and hands, arms, feet and legs and please keep it down here. Foreign I don't know. camera. The camera We're going to die. We're going to die. Heat. Heat. Oh yeah. What's going to happen? I might have come here. All right. Sorry, there's a Harold at Disneyland says hi. Sorry, there was a little lag there in the tunnel. I forgot to hit the uh I forgot to turn it into uh potato mode in there. I love all the Everest stuff >> for Halloween. They should play disco music. >> That's funny. Disco. So, he's talking about Joe Ro saying he'd fix it. So, he actually has more recently said that he they can't fix it um because there was a structural flaw in the mountain that would require rebuilding the whole mountain. So, that's just not going to happen. It's unfortunate, but they said there was no way they could have foreseen it because there's no way they could have foreseen it because nobody uh had done anything quite like that before. So, it was kind of a new uh it was a new concept in entertainment. >> What a new concept in uh theming. There you go. All right. So, excuse me. Sorry. Yeah, that was an Instagram post you already made saying that there was a structural structural flaw in the way the mountain was built and uh because of the way the Yeti leans out, it was warping the main frame or structure of the mountain and it was not going to be sustainable long term with him making that swipe that he's stable as long as he doesn't swipe down because he moves a lot when he swipes. There's also a video of of uh behind the scenes of before the ride was finished of Joe Rodie showing how it worked kind of. I think there was a glitch in the computer at the time. He's trying to figure out a way but hasn't yet. Oh, really? >> Yeah. I think that's one of the like that's one of the like the big things. I mean, I'm sure he would love to. But I would imagine Disney being who they are, they probably, you know, they have the money. I'm sure they've had a bunch of structural engineers look at it, right? I'm sure they have paid people to come out and look at it and be like, "Hey, you know, can we fix this?" And like, "No, maybe not." >> There you go, David. >> Oh, man. That sun is bright. Bright suns. You normal 1971. Let your Magic Kingdom open. Oh, baseball team. Okay. >> Nice. It's a risky endeavor. Yeah, it is for sure. Well, it would have to be a fix that didn't involve like taking too many things apart basically. you know, it'd have to be a fix that was reasonable. But I think he said that or maybe maybe what it was was when they looked at it the I you paraphrasing so I don't remember the whole thing, but basically when they maybe when they did have people look at it, they were like, "Yeah, you'd have to tear it down and or tear down the the main structure of the mountain and rebuild it with more reinforcement." Basically, they're not say champs like girls hockey. Nice. All right. Well, probably going to Pandora. We haven't been there yet. Let's go check out Pandora. Walk around a little bit and see if we can get on one of the rides as uh as the sun goes down. All right, I'm going to put my sweater on here in a minute, too. was actually a chilly ride on uh that was a little bit of a chilly ride on Everest. I mean, it's not cold now, but just as it's getting cooler. Oh my. Oh man. >> Yeah. Let's see. Such a beautiful evening. Good food, too. Yes, for sure. The Matter Horn pass through was a downfall of the Skyway. Oh, really? >> I thought the downfall of the Skyway was just safety. Yeah. I don't know. >> Oh, no. >> Wait. >> No, cuz they did they did they did have to they did have to patch up the uh You're probably right. I didn't think about that before. They had to patch up the uh the hole in the the Matter Horn, didn't they? So, they did add they did add supports in there. And of course, with the Skyway. So, the one here at Magic was taken or the one at Magic was taken down for safety, I guess. Right. Um, but the one at the one at Disneyland. Yeah. If it had to go around the Matter Horn, it would have they would have had to redo the whole line. Is that right? Yeah. Cuz I mean, you can't you can't you'd have to you have to put a turn station on both sides. You can't you can't turn a cable. A cable has to be straight. >> Want to tag along. We do California college visits. We'll see. I probably won't be I would love to. Yes. But I probably won't be taking any more trips for a while. >> I would love to though. >> Which colleges are you going to visit? Oh, we got new Safari and Everest. New Lightning Wing. I haven't bought Lightning Wings in a long time. Granted, I don't go on usually go on Tron and and Guardians and stuff, but yeah. >> Haven't bought those for a while. I do miss the days of free fast passes like everybody else does when you could you could just make sure you booked one ahead ahead of time enough and you you'd you you'd be able to ride it >> Lyola UCLA USC and Okay, USD. Nice. Head over to Pandora. >> Oh, when Disneyland had it when if you timed it during Electrical Prader Fireworks, the view was amazing. Yeah, we did Magic Kingdoms a couple times during fireworks for during Fantasy in the Sky. That was pretty good, too. But yeah, the Skyway at Disneyland went over the parade route, didn't it? At one point. Maybe it didn't. It was close to the parade route anyway, but the Disney World one was much longer and it had a turning station in uh uh in the speedway area actually. Do you guys remember that? It was just like you come down next to the speedway and you there was a turning station. The sun is like blinding me. Guess I can put my hat back on. This is the place where you get the churros over here. Uh, Lion King shows are done for the day. worth it to go order. I bet it is. >> I will have to do that sometime. >> That wouldn't work today though cuz I by the time I'm ready to pick them up, I won't be able to get there in time. Park will be closed. >> Here we are. Pandora now. One of the one of the things people do uh complain about a little bit is that during this season, once the time changes, you can't ever see Pandora at night because the park closes before the uh lights get dark enough to actually see or that the light the sun goes down enough to actually see it or to put the lights on is what I'm trying to say. DLR Skyway passed over the parade route on the west side of the Matter Horn. Okay. Yeah, you're right. It does, doesn't it? Or it did. It doesn't anymore, but it did at one point. All right, let me uh take one more quick restroom break this time and then we'll go walk around and then ride Na'vi. Give me just a couple minutes here. Sorry, I had a I shouldn't have had a Coke on the way here. That's the wrong button. I don't need that. Try to turn on the BRB. I want my phone. Glad it has a case on it. Just dropped my phone. Okay. Yay. Otterbox. >> All right. See you in just a bit. Hey, baby. >> If you go Pandora right before closed, then ride a ride and chill out, you can see it. Okay, cool. Yeah, I think it's harder in the summer when it stays light till well after 8:00. If they close at 7:00, they won't let you stay in here for 2 hours. But yeah, if you time it right and if they're open till 8, it might work. Tonight, it might work, too, cuz it's already starting to get dark. So, you might be right. Okay, be right back. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I love you. Oh. Oh. Hey, be Another day. All right, welcome back. So, I'm going to wait a little bit on this one. Let's uh walk around a little bit. The kite show was fun. Yeah, I always enjoyed that. Yeah, people were so critical of that. I never understood that people were so critical of the kite show when it came out. It was like, they're doing stuff. Give them a break. Like, it was thought it was really nice. So, we have to be in the line before 7. So, it'll probably go pretty quick after 7. So, that's fine. So, we have a few more minutes to walk around. Oh, the cheeseburger steam pods. Yeah, a lot of people like those. Those are good. Whoever's the white should come back. I agree. BRB is so nice and calming. Yep, it sure is. Still got some pins from Kite Tails. Yeah, I forgot the name of the show. Thank you for that. Yeah, it's a great It was a great show. It was so fun. and the cast members, the energy and the way they performed it. That was the part that made it the best. Beautiful. Sorry, it's dark >> again. It's that time of day. >> Got these scooter. I only got to see it once, but really enjoyed it. Yep. It was fun here. I love this waterfall over here. I've got a walkthrough of this area from like the very first time that it opened. Growing up a lot, of course. Yep. More live shows is always better. For sure. For sure. I remember this. This was part of the Not this one. The the there were waterways around uh the uh >> what do you call it? Camp Mini Mickey. That was here. Ron says I want to camp here. Yeah, it's so cool. Let's go around this way and then we'll come back and do the ride. So once uh 7:00 hits, then they'll stop they'll stop uh allowing lightning lanes to come in and then it'll the line will go much faster. Okay. >> Oh yeah. Be hard to see. Can we go shopping? Yeah, we could go in there for a minute. We only have like literally like less than 10 minutes to get back over there. So, we can go we can do a real quick Josh walk through the store. Welcome back, John. I know. I don't No, I don't think >> you want to come over and look, buddy. >> Yeah, nighttime is great. I do wish there was still like more lighting in uh in Pandora a little bit. I think it could be even brighter like the movies. But they did a pretty good job with it overall. >> Josh shopping. >> All the different Na'vi creatures. Problem solved. Now I don't have to listen to Issa complain about commercial on Spotify. Well, you got our Spotify premium. >> We have Apple Music. I feel like it works just as well. I Spotify to me isn't any better, but some people like it. There's there are certain things on there, but it just depends on what you like. >> Very cool. also feel like YouTube Premium for those of us that like YouTube is like kind of a must have. >> Oh, Liam. Liam's at home. Hey, how's it going, Sabrina? Yeah, Liam is at home. I asked him if he wanted to come with me today since we're on spring break, but he uh he declined. >> He said nope. He wanted to stay home and play some games. cuz I played played some uh Nintendo Switch with him before we before I left. But >> luckily, I'll be home earlier tonight cuz this park closes early. That's good to see you, Sabrina. >> The glow section is fun. Yeah. Isn't that fun? >> Black Lights. YouTube Premium is the only streaming service we pay for. Yeah, for sure. It's worth it for sure. Even this little uh this sweatshirt glows. It's very cool. The tags glow. Oh my gosh. Got the action figures here. Jenna's better. Yeah, I have no delusions of that at all. Those are fun. >> It's a nice shirt. >> You too. Jason's on too. Hey, Jason. Good to see you. >> Really, we really want to see you guys in person soon. Definitely miss you guys. >> See, that's beautiful. Can wear a landscape. It's hard to hard to get it all. Oh, here. It's hard to get it all in one shot, but that's pretty cool. I hope you guys are enjoying your spring break, Jason, Sabrina, and Landon if he's around. >> Maybe Ally, too. I don't know. Maybe the whole family's there. >> There's Sour Patch Kids that light up under the black light. That's pretty cool. Although, I'm not sure I want to eat something that glows like that. Mom always told me not to eat glowing food. >> These plants are fun. Oh, sorry. >> So, somewhere around here there were Venus fly trap. Do they still have those? >> Just cuz I feel like it it fits the whole theme of Pandora nicely. Uh, no. I don't see any. >> All right. So, we probably should start heading towards the ride since we have to be on it before 7. Yeah, they used to have Venus fly trap. Always fun. >> I always thought that was the coolest thing when I was a kid. >> Of course, Jason, you still know you know all about that. Feed me, Seymour. I know that he wasn't a Venus fly trap, but >> really I used to play hockey, too. >> You can adopt your Banshee over there. >> Okay. >> All right. Let's start heading. See that? That's my shopping. I'm really quick. I'm a quick shopper. All the guys watching are going, "Yep, that was adequate." And Jenna's like, "No, no, we got to go see some other stuff." >> The delete button was my friend from the >> black light. Oh, yeah. >> Yep. Sometimes you have to filter yourself. I wasn't sure either. Apparently, there are a lot of natural things that light up. Oh, such as your Right. No, that's true. That's true. Yeah, I was just kidding. I'm sure it's safe, but it was it's one of those things you would stop and think about, right? A little bit. Like, if it glows, should I eat it? >> We're going to take the long way around. >> Just to give ourselves a little more tour time. Meanwhile, all the girls I could never Oh, really? Are you not a Are you not a Are you not a long shopper either? Jason King, there he is. Spring break is going great. See you soon. Yes, for sure. For sure. We got to Hello, Mr. Squirrel. Oh, he's going up there. It is Animal Kingdom after all. The squirrels are a bonus. They're not even part of the uh they're not even part of the the park. I mean, they are part of the park, but they're not they were not specifically invited. They just, you know, they kind of invited themselves as they do. Oh, we like squirrels. It's fine. We were riding the safari earlier and somebody uh behind me asked uh there were ducks in with the hippos and somebody asked if the hippos would eat the ducks and the safari guide said nope the hippos are vegetarians. I'll never forget the first time seeing Pandora. It's so breathtaking for sure. It's such a engineering marvel. Even just those floating mountains up there, they're so they're so cool. I said my only wish is that they put a little more lighting on it at night, but that is something that could eventually be fixed, I think. But also just keeping it open. Like honestly, I feel like it would be worth it to keep this section of the park and Discovery Island and all that kind of stuff. >> Maybe even a couple other places open. Yeah, the flamingos can be loud for sure. Oh, that's a good shot right there. All right, I better start heading towards the uh the ride or I'm going to miss it. I have to be in line in less than 3 minutes. So, let's make like a tree and get out of here. According to Biff, make like a tree and leave. What a neat and confusing place to be a squirrel. Yeah, you know the squirrels and the ducks, they get to have a lot of fun and they don't they don't even have to pay. >> They refed all the giant little the plants that make the sidewalks glow. Yeah. And they they they did the they did some >> they did some repainting as well. So, okay. I doubt Gosh, that's still activated. I doubt if uh I doubt it's going to be 40 minutes, but I will look at my watch and we will see. Actually, let's do it. Let's do it scientifically. >> I'll turn my timer on. >> We'll see. I bet it's less. >> Hello. >> Bam. All right, we'll see >> my reflection. Okay. >> Okay. >> I guarantee it's less than 40, but I have been wrong before a few times. Jason says, "Going to miss dinosaur." Yeah, I know. It was sad. Liam, that was the last time Liam and I came to Animal Kingdom was a few weeks ago when Dinosaur closed and he wanted to do it again. Um, and uh, yeah, that was fun. We We enjoyed it a lot for sure. We enjoyed it quite a bit. Mufasa like move faster but Mufasa. I love that. This is beautiful back here too. You vote 25 minutes. All right. Sabrina says 25 minutes. Let's see what we got. Because once 7:00 hits, those lightning lanes won't be allowed in anymore and then it'll just go. And the reason it also moves faster a lot of times cast members want to go home. Like you know, let's just be real. Everybody wants to go home when it's quitting time. Did your David says, "Did your reflection show who you are inside?" Absolutely. It does always. Lindsay says, "I have faith in you." Thanks. I made it. Yeah, this is moving really fast. Oh, the queue is great. Jason says 26. Let's do like Price is Right. >> Don't go over. We got to take bets on what color boat we're going to get. Brown or brown. >> Or there's also brown. >> Oh, thanks Sam. >> If this price is right, rules David's taking 28. I love it. We'll see who's closer. >> Defin 67. >> Don't my students don't really My students don't really they never really did that very much. I have a couple that really really were kind of, you know, thought that was pretty funny, but most of them were like, "Eh, they're kind of past it pretty quickly." All you have to do if you want teenagers to stop saying stuff is just have the adults say it. Jason knows that. You want teenagers to stop saying stuff, just the adults start saying it and then they It's not cool anymore. My father's a huge fan of Avatar. Also, what are the odds Pandora's fitting where Camp Mini Mickey used to be? Yeah. Yeah, that's what happened. They fit They fit Pandora where Camp Mini Mickey used to be. Yeah, there's so much to look at. This is one of my favorite rides, actually. I love um Flight of Passage, of course, is a great ride, but this Na'vi River is really underrated. It is. It is a great ride. I mean, it's not There's just different rides, right? You can't really say one's better than the other because they're not they're not um they're not the same. It's kind of like saying I like apples better than oranges. It's like they're different. Or which do you like better, apples or steak? It's like they're very different. Yeah. Jason says, "Yep, just say 8 n 10 after." Exactly. Adults always find a way to make it not cool. Then my ingenious DP his plan succeeded Dapper Kanuk says I wish that was the case for grade sec seconds. They love 67 so much. Yeah, it just depends on where they're at. Grade twos. How many animals does tree of life have carved into it? Who knows off top of head? I do not know. Did anybody in the chat know? It's a lot. I think I want to say my guess is like 3 to 400, >> but that's just a random a couple random numbers. >> My 14-year-old said 67 or so last month. Love it. Jordan Low, Elev Elev Elevators Canada. Uh, thank you so much. Just became a member. Appreciate it. Moving pretty good. I had to look up the whole 67 thing. I wish I didn't. It's complicated. >> So, no, no more Lightning Lanes. It's just a regular line now around 300. All right, let's see if anybody else in the chat knows. Steak is definitely better than apples. I mean, you know, I guess that's true. Okay, let's do a Let's do another one. Uh, which is better, Steak or an ice cream sundae? Like, they're both amazing. How could you pick one? Okay, let me see here. >> Little over 300. Hey, did I actually remember that? Here, I'm going to I'm I'm going to ask the AI. How many animals are carved into the tree of life? >> Yeah. Oh, wait. >> Why does it always do that? I want to stay in the browser here. Hold on. There we go. All right, here's a couple other fun trivia. Somebody said earlier that the um the Kilamanjara Safari is bigger than the Magic Kingdom. Let's look that up and see if that's right. Tree of Life. There you go. Yep, you got it, too. Proud Patriot. 325 to 337. Okay. Is the Kilimanjaro Safari bigger than the Magic Kingdom? >> AI says yes. You notice it kind of the camera changes when I do the zooming thing. It's changing to the wide angle. >> Yeah, it's a lot for sure. Anybody else got any trivia questions? That was good, Sabrina. I like that. >> Oh, Josh Dearo took over as CEO today of the Walt Disney Company. We are under new leadership here. Not that I work here, but if you did work here, you're under new leadership now. Bob Iger retired yesterday. Hey, Paul. That's going to feel colder right at night. I'm in Florida. Oh my gosh, David. I have discovered sometimes the AI is wrong. This and and those easy like factual questions, it's usually right. But like about how to fix something like I needed to fix something on my computer. Um, I was trying to make a video and um, some of the drivers for the graphics card were got messed up and it told me how to fix it and it was totally for the wrong graphics card and it didn't even though I told it which kind I had. Anyway, the point is finally just looking up a real web page solved it. Here's trivia question. How many times does Safari Truck go around Safari every year? Ooh, Jordan, that's a great one. I don't know. Every year. Oh gosh. You can do some quick math. It's about a 30 minute ride on the safari just for some easy math. The park is open approximately 12ish hours. What year did Disneyland open? 1955. Okay. So 12 hours times Sorry, not 12 hours. So 12 hours times 2. So approximately 24 to 25 times a day and then all year long 25 * 365 around 9,125 if my math is right. >> That's just me estimating at 30 minutes per safari trip. probably around 9,000 give or take. >> Fun fact, anyone know the drop in pirate pirates brings you to a different show building? Yes. Goes under the train track and Space Mountain. The reason you go through that long long hallway to Space Mountain is because you're going under the train track. Disneyland's Pirates has two drops to get you underneath of the um train tracks. >> Who's Josh's position? That's a good question. Any zoo can be a petting zoo with enough courage. Animal Kingdom is not a zoo. Oh, okay. There you go. Yeah. Don't pet lions. No, it's a bad idea. What countries did they buy under Bob Iger's leadership? Pixar, Marvel, Lucasfilm, 20th Century Fox. Is that right? 8 and 9,000. David says, "I picked 9 9,123." What animal has the highest blood pressure to pump blood all the way up to the neck? I mean, yeah, I think that would be the giraffe, >> but that would that would take a lot of blood pressure. >> Does Disney consider electrical vehicle? Electric vehicles? I mean, maybe, but they I think just getting them charged like they'd have to have more vehicles. So, they'd have to they'd have to take them out of rotation to charge them unless they could somehow have a big enough battery where it would last all day. probably would just cost a ton of money to convert them and the the savings is probably not >> like Disney's smart about how they spend money for the most part. They they have people in accounting who figure this stuff out. >> Yeah. The stretching room in Disneyland. So that's the other trivia. Haunted Mansion. At Disneyland and Disney World, the stretch rooms are different. At Disney World, the stretch room doesn't move anywhere. the the the ceiling goes up and that's it. At Disneyland, it's an actual elevator. You can feel it. If you also look at the carpet, Haunted Mansion, uh Disney World, the carpet doesn't it's uninterrupted. You can just walk right in. There's no there's no lip or seam for an elevator. Whereas at Disneyland California, you can see that there's an elevator seam and a little gap. Now, if they really wanted to preserve the um illusion at Disney World, they could have put the elevator gap in there. Thomas Masaloom, a former Disneyland Resort president, has taken Josh's place. Chairman of U Disney parks. Cool. Oh, that's cool. Jordan, you designed a fantasy car. Nice. >> Uh Jordan, I don't know if you showed a cast member. They're not allowed to speak on behalf of the company, but I'm sure they they tell you it looks cool. Disney will tell you though very clearly that they don't they don't accept um >> they don't accept suggestions for rides or shows because they don't want anybody to try and collect royalty. So if you send them a suggestion or something, they will send you back a we didn't receive this and we don't accept those kind of things. But yeah, I think it's super cool that you did that. Na'vi Shaman was down the last time. All right, here we go. Come on, focus. >> Here we go. >> All right, we're definitely going to be less than 30. We're getting close. >> Probably turn around and take the idea. You would hope not, but you would hope not, but it has happened before from different companies for sure. What I understand, somebody in Vincens's, Indiana, um the town Jason, Sabrina, and us know well, um they um somebody in Vince invented the um the Etcha Sketch and Ohio Art stole it from him, I believe. That's the rumor at least. >> So, this um signal will lag a little bit, but we'll get it going. It lags a little bit going in the tunnel here. >> Artwork is so cool. That's it. >> They have very specific procedures if you're going to pitch them ideas with a lot of Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure that's true. David, you would know better than anybody. >> No, I can't help you. I've had that problem. Yes, that's true. In the stretching room, if you stay there long enough, they'll whisper and get out. Yeah, exactly. >> Excuse me. I've heard that before, Max. That's creepy. It is actually worth it, though, if the the cast member doesn't doesn't hurry you out. Just hang back just a little bit. >> Switch to hot swap battery at um Yeah, for sure. Let's be way. That'd be awesome. >> Enjoy your journey. >> Thank you. >> Okay, my lag right here. Maybe >> smells very Yeah, it smells very pool like. >> All right, the quality is going to go down a little bit. It's going to get very potatoey, blocky. >> Yeah, >> this spot right here is really bad with signal. I don't I don't know how it's working. There's one bar right now. I J K Lot >> there. minutes. >> This one. Could I wait for a front row? Would that be okay? >> Thanks. Love this ride. So peaceful. So it'll lag a little bit right when we go in and then it'll work great. We're gonna see the low light on this phone, too. It's going to be awesome. Oh, final weight time. Sorry. Here we go. Uh 16. We'll call it 17. We'll call that 17 minutes. I'm sitting down right now. Come on. Focus. Vietnam. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Speed. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Happy to Oh, heat. Mother Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Welcome back. Please remain travelers on your left. Please watch your step. >> All right. Well, they are all all closed up for the night. That was awesome. That was Na'vi River Journey >> here in Pandora. >> Such an awesome ride. >> Somebody said that animatronic cost 25 million or 23 million or a lot of money. >> Wow, that was a great call. Yes, I loved it. That's probably true, Shaggy. 95% of the people who have sing along with the beginning of Lion King have no idea what they're saying. I think I think most people don't know. Yeah, you'd have to look it up. Oh, got your sign here. Please pardon our appearance. We had a visit from Jack Frost. >> Even on Pandora, it got cold here, too. >> January. >> Speaking of which, >> all right. >> There. It's wet. It's wet. >> I need to put my uh I need to put my sweater on. I forgot to do it earlier. Excuse me. >> Beautiful. >> All right. >> Yeah, I don't think you'd be able to stay long enough tonight. Well, I don't know. If I passage quite a line, you might be able to stay long enough to see. I don't know when they actually start clearing people, but I'm probably going to go ahead and head home here. I haven't had dinner yet, so I need to get some dinner. I can't get it here cuz it's closed, but let me find a place here. Here's a spot. I'm going to put the uh I'll put the tripod on this time. Put my sweater on. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. Okay, that palm tree back there got it, too. Does look like there's some green there, though, so it may be coming back. A lot of the plants will actually come back. Okay. Oopsie. Dropped my backpack. There we go. Oh gosh. Okay. Couldn't have got the flimsiest backpack ever. Okay. I think I'm getting a new one soon though from our friends at Bug. got an email from them the other day that there's a new backpack that they want to they want to show everybody. So, we're I think we're going to help them with that. That's beautiful. Let me get a picture of that. I need HDR for that. >> Oh, yeah. The the pictures do a better job with that, I think. Nailed it. >> Thank you so much, Josha family. Josha family, I appreciate it. I'm glad you appreciate the streams. I've collected a lot of Give Kids World Memorabilia. I still have stuff I received in the resort for my trip. That's awesome. Uh Jordan, that's very cool. Um, yeah, we have, you know, we have our magical night of hope in December and they sometimes ask for uh uh auction donations if you're interested in doing that or if you're just telling me about it. I was I wasn't sure. I think earlier you said something about that, but either way, that's pretty cool cuz they uh we we auction off auction off stuff to support Give Kids the World. >> Blue Scott says, "I am Groot." you are. That's cool. >> All right. >> Well, I think I need to go get some dinner. So, we'll see you next time. Uh, tomorrow, actually. Great stream today. Thank you, his summer lady. Appreciate it. does kind of look like Groot. Yeah, a little bit. >> I am Tyle. >> All right. >> Thanks. You too, Shaggy. Have a great night, everybody. We'll send you guys over to the 24-hour channel. We can ride some rides. I will add a couple more. I think I'll have time tonight to add a few more. I'm going to add Small World and probably Safari. I think I'm going to add the safari from today. I haven't got any regular videos of the safari that were not on the stream, but the one from today was pretty good, so I'll add those in there. I'm just going to keep adding rides to it. Like literally, so you have so it doesn't repeat itself that much. Oh, he said I am Groot. Yeah, I wasn't paying attention. Thanks, Amy. >> Thanks for the brief shopping. Much appreciated. Oh, for sure. I would go in the main building shops, but I'm actually getting pretty hungry cuz I haven't had dinner, so I'm going to head out. But yeah, next time. Yeah, this is the Samsung Galaxy S26 Ultra. struggles a little bit at this time of day, but all phones do. I love those old school rides from the 90s. Me, too. There's Nomad Lounge. Hard to see, but there it's there, I promise. >> You, too, Heather. Have a great night. Thanks, Anthony. Go say goodbye by the tree. Raising Canes Chicken Fingers. I'm not a big Canes fan actually. >> That is >> I like I like Chick-fil-A. I I know they are more known for their sandwiches, but yeah, Chicken Guy's good, too. Disney Cruise has good chicken strips, too. Now I want chicken strips. >> We can do whatever. >> It's cold. It's not It's not that cold. >> It's just 64. The sun went down and it's just, you know, it's not like the the breeze is chillyish. >> So, yeah, it's not the normal 80°. 63 feels like 57. So, Yeah, not cold, just jacket weather. >> And some people are super comfortable in this weather, but you see a lot of people have jackets on. Uh Rich Rimple Ninja watching, but another great stream. Thanks. Uh Robert, thanks Josh. Have a good night. Thanks, Robert. I need to check out or I need to talk about awesome sponsors also. So, uh well, first of all, Robert's on here. We'll talk about um his awesome business, Layer 1 Technology. If you want IT support for your small or mediumsiz business, go check out in Central Florida, go check out Layer 1 Technology. You can uh find their website, layer on one technology.com, or just email them at support layer on one technology.com if you need support for your business, IT support, network, infrastructure, all kinds of stuff they do here in Central Florida. Go check them out. We also have mickeytras.com. If you want to book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World, mickeyras.com will have you covered. Again, that's mickeyras.com and mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. Again, it's mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. We'll we'll stroll around here a little bit. It's pretty empty. It's fun to walk around when it's empty a little bit. So, mickeyras.com and Mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news or to book your next trip and for all the latest Disney news. >> Uh resort homes.com. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, just go to resorttv1homes.com, click on contact us, and one of our expert realtors will help you find your dream home here in Central Florida. That's resortbomes.com. We also have Oh, I almost forgot that Dory and Nemo are here. We also have um Davis DVC rentals. dbcrequest.com/tv davisdbc rentals. Again, dbcrequest.com/tv. If you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, it's the best way to do it. Davis DBC Rentals dbcrequest.com/tv. You can stay in a DVC room. You don't even have to be a member. You don't have to buy a contract, nothing. Just go to the website and rent a room. Check it out. It'll work. Also, go check out um Behind the Ride on Amazon and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Go check them out. Behind the Ride on Amazon, Disney Demystified on Amazon. They're awesome. Awesome. Awesome books. So, Behind the Ride on Amazon, Disney Demystified on Amazon. All right. We also have um Dream Table. I showed you the Dream Table app. You can actually get reservations for the hardest to find um restaurants at Disney World and all the Disney parks. It's such a cool app. There it is. So, all you have to do is just you just create alert and you go to your park, you select your you select your um restaurant, you set a notification, and then it just takes you right to the booking page once it comes up with one. So easy. Dreamtable.co or Dreamtable on the app store. >> I think that's everybody. We also have um Hey Dre. >> We also have um platinum members. These are people that support us with $50 a month right here on YouTube. Platinum members. Uh let's see what do we have here. So these are our platinum members. We appreciate We also appreciate all of our members. Gold, silver, bronze, and platinum. Uh and we also um appreciate our Patreon members. You guys support us as well, and we appreciate Patreon so much. Thank you so much for being a Patreon member. If you are, it's at patreon.com/resorttv1 if you want to check it out. Uh, I have some extra videos and content on there if you want to look at that. Grey Roads Adventures, uh, Totare Tom, Amy Moore, Biggu One, Tiffany Mertz, Go Manny, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer, Mickey, My Crazy Grunup Life, Chuck Polly, The Amazing, Jaylen Mox, Cander, Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Brock, James H, Ali Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you. All right. Also, let's go over and enjoy the 24-hour ride stream. I'll see you over there. So, right after this, if you don't do anything, if you just you just actually Yeah, I think you have to click the button. There's like a Hey, we're going over to the 24-hour ride stream. Just click go. Uh, go ahead and let it go to the 24-hour ride stream and I'll see you over there. We can chat some more. We can watch some rides. Uh, go subscribe to Resort TV 24/7. And um also we have a relaxing stroll stream. If you don't want to do the rides, you can just put the relaxing stroll stream on like while you relax, work, or sleep. So go check it out. Resort TV 24/7. Jenn and Dale's other channel too is Adventures of Jenn and Dale if you want to check that out. So Oh, hi. I almost forget on this new phone I have to um I have to move the windscreen. The windscreen kind of sits in a There we go. Okay. So anyway, thanks for joining me. Appreciate you guys. It's been an awesome awesome day and uh we will see you tomorrow for uh our 9-year anniversary of Resort TV1's first live streaming. I did it at Disney Springs 9 years ago tomorrow. So we'll see you for that. So all right everybody, thanks for being here. Thank you moppers. Uh that's our all of our moderators keeping the chat familyfriendly. Thank you resort hoppers. Thanks everybody. See you tomorrow. So for now have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. This is supposed to be
