---
video_id: 1QhCSj0GBYo
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Whimsical Wednesday at Animal Kingdom - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 1-14-26"
published: 2026-01-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QhCSj0GBYo
---
[Music] Thank you. I would think. Yeah. [Music] I think they're like Dragon. [Music] Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live today for Whimsical Wednesday here at Animal Kingdom. Welcome in guys. Before we get too far into the video, want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all of the social media. We're Resort TV1 on all the things. Welcome in, guys. Tree of life. Oh, they've got the parrots out already or the macaw. It's a chilly morning here in Central Florida, but it's going to get chillier as the week goes on. Friday, we're going to be in the 30s. Haven't had much of the 30s this winter so far. So, we've been lucky. Let's say hi to a few people. We've got Let's see. All right, let me go back a little bit. We've got Richard, Imara, Disney, uh, Files, Stacy, Logan, Ariel Ellen, Robert Warner, Paige, Imara, Age of Retro, Disney Boy, Mom, Catalina, Awesomeness, Benjamin, Monoa J. Welcome, welcome guys. Thanks for being here. Zelina, Lorraine, Disney fanatic, uh, Quidd, Casey is here, Pam, Mountain Warriors, Jay, Smooth Joy. Hello. Hello, Tina. Oh, here we go, guys. [Music] So good. Now, this is a beautiful cause tonight. And it is one that is certainly worth protecting out in wild places. We have so many birds joining us here on the roots of the tree of life. And I want to introduce you to a few of our individuals out here. Of course, I have to point out Nibas hanging out right over there with Taylor. Not that big blue guy. That is a highest since Macau. That is actually the largest flightest parrot species in the world right there. Now, this is definitely a fan favorite out here. We have lots of scarlet macaus, which are these beautiful red birds right in front of me here. The green birds you're seeing hanging out. Those are some military macaw. And then we have a blue and gold macaw, Sherlock, hanging out right here as well. And some green wing macaus over there with Aaron. Now, all of these birds just joined us from that aviary. That's a half a mile away. And you can see they're getting all of their favorite treats out here, but it sounds like it's time for them to head on out of here. So get those phones and cameras up as they take [Music] just about everybody in town are hanging out here with us and we're going to be here as long as they are. You don't have any questions. Come on with us. That's so cool. We'll see you later. I love it. Thank you for joining us. And there's a squirrel. Remember together we can help ensure amazing like a good way to start the morning. Enjoy the rest of your adventure here at Disney's Animal Kingdom. [Music] So cool. Oh, there they go. [Music] characters. Oh, I love that. Hope you guys enjoyed it. How can you not love here at Wingers? We've got full hang out here with us. Two of our green wing mac. So, come on up and snap their photo. They can head out of here whenever they feel like. All right. Well, let's make our this way this way. Okay, we're waiting on a couple people to get here. Hi, uh Dale. Is it Dale Clay? Hello. Hello, Tim. Ninja World. He's in ninja world. You should be a really good ninja by now, Tim. Really good ninja. Most call you a teenage mut ninja turtle. All right, guys. Oh, this is kind of cool. shows I think what they eat. I like how they're not in cages either. All right, let's go. I don't see any yet. I see the water moving though. Got to be one somewhere. Oh. Oh, yeah. In the corner. [Music] Uh, let's see. I see Jedi Council. Hello. Is that Andrew? Is that you, Andrew? I can't tell. The p the pictures are so tiny. Hi, DVC Andy. How are you? Welcome in. Hi, Matt. [Music] Hi, Barley Brown. I think they were hanging out over there. Uhhuh. Oh, thanks. Yeah, it keeps it nice and steady. And it has a microphone. Well, these are like for the wind so the wind doesn't make the noise. Yeah, of course. Oh, no. You're fine. No worries. All good. I just want to It's just on my phone. And then this is the gimbal. So, it's a gimbal. It's Yeah, it's called a gimbal. It's a DJI Osmo. You can find them on on the cool. All right, guys. It is Andrew. I thought so. You know, YouTube did a weird thing where they changed everybody's name, so all good. No worries. Hope you're doing well, Andrew. And welcome in. Everybody say hello to one of our West Coast crew. Andrew, we miss you guys. Hi, Scott. On the otter side. That's right. Jenna, are we one month away from Oh, we are one month away from our trip. We're definitely bringing the cold with us. Oh, no. Don't bring the cold. Don't bring it. Yeah. So, I saw Friday morning, I think, is when we're supposed to be in the 30s, but it won't last long. That's what I like about. Okay. Well, let's go down this little path as we're waiting. You did for mom and dad to come and join us. I don't know if I said that, but mom and dad are here. They parked. Oh, under refer. Oh, okay. We can still go on it. Good deal. Oh, here's the shark fish. Always love him. Hello. Hi, Resort Budgeting. Hi, Tony. He's so sweet. [Music] You always knew Andrew was in the Jedi Council with Brett. That's awesome. Tim is saying hi. Good morning. Good morning, guys. Let's go see if the kangaroos are up. Oh, it's good having you here. Uh, is it Megan? Hello, Megan. [Music] Always love this path. It's always so nice and calm. When it's fully open, it's you can go out through the other side, but it looks like you have to turn around halfway through. Hi, Kendrick. The sound is going in and out. Is anybody else having that issue? If you are having that issue, you just refresh or close out of the app and come right back in. That does help for sure. Hi Karen. Oh, there's the kangaroos. Cute. There they are. I bet they're a little chilly this morning. They don't look chilly. Oh, there went a squirrel. Sound is good. Okay, so yep. Just just refresh if you're having issues. Hi, Daryl. Hi, uh, Wala. Kev is here. Edwin Day. Hello, guys. And of course, we have the tree. Great view of the tree from here. Usually, you can walk down that path and underneath the tree, but not today. Hi, Nan. Hi, Elizabeth. Streamfinder. Good morning. All right. Awesome. Happy Wednesday. Hi, Jedi Master Jason. Guys, shout out the stream. Let everybody know we're live. I haven't been live on a Wednesday for a little while. Hopefully you guys got the notification. But as soon as mom and dad get here, we're going to see what the safari looks like if it's not too long. Uh it went up to Wait. Yeah, it went up to 20, which not bad. So I'll tell mom and dad to meet me back that way. Awesome. [Music] And I'm going to have you guys stand in the center now. Right over here. Just do a little cruise around. Oh, we're waiting on them. That's awesome. Hopefully, it's not too busy today. It is a good to go day for annual passholders again today. So, I'm hoping the crowds are pretty low. All the marathon people are are uh gone. They've gone home and uh not all of them. I'm sure some of them are still here, but all the Christmas crowds are gone. Hi, Cream City Pigs. Hello, Meredith. How are you? See if the tamarinds are out this morning. It doesn't look like it. I bet they're staying nice and warm in their little house. I love these little tamarind monkeys. Just look up and sell the notification. Okay, awesome. Sending you a Morgan hug. Thank you so much. Winter nightmare in Milwaukee today. Ooh, burr. We should see what Starbucks looks like. Hi, Laura. Hi, Poppins. Hi, Denise. Hi, Austin. I've only had one actually. H YouTube must be having some glitches this morning. I am so sorry, guys. Hi, Sharon Bear. How are you? All right, no tamarinds. Let's go back here. I'll give you a beautiful view back here of this tree of life. Sometimes they have character meats back here, too. So, we'll just see what's happening. Some decorations still up. Um, I didn't see any so far here, but I'm sure throughout the park there's some somewhere. We have the tortoise over here. No, a stork. Oh, there they are. There's the storks. It's been glitchy. Yeah. Come on, YouTube. You got this. Hi, coaster dude. I saw. Yeah, it might be heading for Port Canaveral, the new Disney adventure. Oh my goodness. I would love to go on the Disney Adventure, the newest Disney cruise ship um that's going to be in Singapore. And it's bigger than any of the other Disney cruise ships. Um which is pretty cool, but also one of the biggest reasons I want to go. Not only just a new cruise ship, but they're going to have Duffy and friends on board this cruise ship. And oh my goodness, you guys know I love Duffy. So, you get to meet and greet with them. I think there's a show for Duffy and Friends. I'm not exact exactly sure. Um, and they're also going to have a whole shop or section of the shop just for Duffy and Friends. So, if I can ever make it on that cruise ship, I will try my hardest, but I don't know. Singapore. Hopefully, they'll bring it here at some point. Hi, Plymouth Rock. Doing okay, Sharon. Thank you. Amazing. Edwin's going to be on the Disney Destiny in four months. Oh, good, Karen. I'm glad yours is doing well. See, sometimes there's a tortoise or two over here. Let's go see if they're out today. Good morning. Uh oh, there's one. No, that's a rock. Oh, here's one. Oh, hi, sir. How are you? Or ma'am, I don't know. Hello. How are you? You're just a staring. So cute. And then there's one back in the corner. A Were you having breakfast? You have something on your little chin. Were you having some breakfast? Hello, Amy. How are you today? Yeah, definitely. Casey, uh, chill vibes at Animal Kingdom. I want to go on a cruise, but I want to get back to Disney more. So, I guess I'll have to settle for that. Oh, that's not even settling, right? Coming to Disney. I get it. No, I get it. Cru cruises are expensive, but they're they're awesome. But if you have to pick, I understand. You had me at rock. It's a rock. This is just a boulder animal. Love it. This is new. Little netting is new. That's you in the corner. That's funny. The only thing I don't like about it is you can't get as good of pics of the tree. So, that's interesting. Oh my goodness, it's Doc and Russell. [Music] What are they doing? Oh my goodness. Hello. [Music] What are they doing? Can I come say hi? Okay. I didn't know. Hello. How are you guys this morning? Oh my goodness. You're so cute. I I love it. So Oh, do you like my hat? Stitch. Yes. Stitch is one of my favorites cuz he reminds me of a dog and I love dogs. Yes, he has little ears. 100%. Uh, what are you guys exploring today? You know, oh, birds. Yep. Yep. I just saw a tortoise over there. We have our tortoises here. They're always fun to see. Yeah, the one was staring at me. It was so cute. Just right here in the corner. It was really cute. Yeah. Can I get a picture? Okay, cool. Awesome. All right. Thank you. [Music] Yay. You guys are the best. I love it. Thank you so much. Bye, guys. Just a moment. That was so cute. What a cool little coincidence. Just hanging out. And there they are. I love it. Hi, Lorraine. Doug and Russell had their whole line sing happy birthday. A, that's so cute. I miss talking Doug. Do you guys remember when Doug talked? So cute. Hi, Chelsea. I know. Wasn't that fun? So, I guess they're back here now because the front one is now Zootopia. Zootopia themed or characters. Did anyone else smile? We just met them and now we love them. Exactly. So true. [Music] Well, welcome in if you're just joining. We just had a cute little fun moment. didn't know that Doug and Russell were back there and we got to go meet them first thing. That made my day. A I know. I never met Talking Mickey either. When we used to come before streaming and everything, um I didn't meet characters as often and now I love meeting them. So, I wish I would have. Oh, wasn't it cute? Keep Zootopia does fit here. Yes, 100% agreed. Okay. Huh. Do you guys are you up for riding the safari this morning? See what it looks like now. Hopefully it didn't go up too much. Could have ridden it without them, but they might as well come with me. Still 20. Okay, cool. Ooh, breakfast smells so good at Tusker House. Wish I had smell vision for you guys. They have pastries. Oh my god. Yum. Scrambled eggs. Coconut flavored iced coffee sounds good, too. The croissant. Oh my goodness. Yum. Yum. Yum. I kind of want the breakfast tacos. Those sound good, too. Good morning, CM. How are you? Oh, we're going to do the safari. Yep. As soon as mom and dad get here. That's just why I'm kind of stalling a little bit. They're not here yet. I wasn't planning on starting till 9:30 anyhow. And I was here early, so I figured why not go live early. Ooh, the pancake sandwich. Oh my goodness. Now you're talking. Well, darn it. Now I'm hungry. Yeah. Awesomeness. you know, unless it's really long. If it's very long, we don't usually do it, but not too bad right now. We're just going to chill until mom and dad get here. I'm going to see if I can see where they're at. Man, this cold air, it get you where they're at. Still in the parking lot. No. Oh, they're by Pizza. Okay, cool. They're almost here. Cool beans. Yeah, I'm glad mom and dad are coming, too. I didn't know if they'd want to because it is kind of chilly. Um, and mom doesn't really like the cold anymore, which I understand. I'm not a fan either, but it really bothers her now these days. But actually not as bad as I was thinking it would be today, so I'm okay with it. Sun is trying to peek through. You're welcome, Candy. Okay, keep your eyes peeled for mom and dad. Don't know what they're wearing this morning. Ah, me too, Manoa J. I like when they get to come. So, we'll do the safari and then after that, we'll see. Um, but don't forget at 12:00 p.m. Eastern and oh my goodness, I forgot to do this again. 12:00 p.m. Eastern, I have a premiere video going up of our 10K run, Dale and I's Chip and Dale 10K run. So, um, if you guys can join us for that, it's a premiere, so um, it will go directly from the live stream over to the premiere and, um, we can watch together. You guys can chat as we watch Dale and I run the 10K race. Um, so that'll be at 12:00 p.m. 12:00 p.m. I worked really hard on it yesterday. Of course, we worked really hard running, so we'd love for you guys to see it and join us for the premiere. Here they come. and [Music] everyone's mom and dad. Yes, I see them. I was in high school and working at Pirates when AQ was built. Still have a few items that cast members were given. Oh, that's so cool. during the opening. Nice. Very nice. Smell yummy. [Music] Hello. Want to head to the safari before it goes up? Let's go. Yeah. It's only 20 minutes right now. So, all right. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. She needs one. Mom needs one. You You didn't bring one. Oh, no. Well, you've got your ears covered. So, Oh, that's all that matters. So, mom and dad are here. Um, and I didn't even show you guys what they're talking about. I have a new a new hat on that I bought at the Magic Kingdom with Stitchy. So cute. All right, here we go. Oh, yeah. No worries. Stacey can't catch it. No. Have a great day. Bye. Thank you. All right. Everybody's saying hi. We did it. You did. Good job. Good job. Thanks, guys. Oh yeah. And Mara says, "Now the party can really start." A Andrew says, "Hi, mom and dad." Andrew's in the chat. Who's in the chat? Andrew. Hi, Andrew. Good morning. Good morning. What? We haven't seen him. No, we have not seen him in a long time. Yeah. Haven't been to Disneyland in a while and I'm not sure if you guys have been over here or not. Cory Rupre says, "Woohoo, mom and dad." All right. Well, it's 9:45. So, we'll see how long it takes us. Said 20. Yeah. Hi, Mia. It does. You're right. It really does. So, I had a fun little magical moment this morning. We were just walking around waiting for you guys and we walked behind the back side of the tree and all of a sudden I was walking out and here comes Doug and Russell. Nobody was back there so we got to talk to him and take a picture and it was cute. It was fun. Yeah. Nobody was there. Many find them open soon rays of the sun. Many animals are colored and shaded to blend into the environment. This is true of both. We also saw a tortoise. He was just like right at the the fence looking at us or or feed me. Yep. Exactly. Hi Stacy Tiger fan. your ninja working as well. Awesome. If you see an animal, help others around you by pointing it out to them. But remember, shouting or making loud noises will distract you and disturb them. So try Happy Animal Kingdom Wednesday. A I'm so glad that's awesome fellow. Thanks for keeping the stream on while we're gone or while you're gone. You know what I mean? while we're all gone. Thanks for almost 700 in the chat. Keep sharing out the stream. You may want to take your pictures when your truck is moving slowly or stop. Better yet, try to enjoy your own friends who are I can't find it. Can you I'm a jungle. [Laughter] Uhuh. I don't see it. Canoe. Hi, Laura. You're welcome. Love your hat. just ordered pom poms so I can put ears on all my knit hats. Oh, I love that, Cory. It's more stable. Oh, I bet. Is it still a canoe? What's that? Is it still called a canoe? I think so. We had a camp. I remember when I went to youth camp and also a friend of mine had it. We fished off. Okay, cool. Hi, Ali. Adventure in the Oh, yeah. They loved seeing the train. Oh, great. And did did they know about the new uh sign that somebody? Probably not. No, because I didn't even know. You had to tell me. Hi, Plymouth Rock. Show up here. Hi, Amy. More here. Let's move first and then we'll show you things to see. Here we go. So, mom surprised dad with this sign. That was very nice. It was a real surprise. And how clever. Good job, Mom. Do you remember where you found it? Was it online? Nice. Wow. Okay. Amazon. Yeah. Nice. Yeah, they do that cuz I think D Well, I don't know where he got my Chloe necklace, but you can personalize things. So, I put it on I put it back here so she can see where the train station. I love it. That's awesome. Good deal. My favorite color, too. bit overwhelmed. A that's very sweet. It will be Lisa. Yes. They love your sweatshirt and dad's hoodies. They like them both. Oh, you brought Winnie. Oh, I'm so glad you brought it. That was mom's Mother's Day present from all of us kids. Very cool. She is a a real poo. A real Winnie the Poo girl. How about that? That sounds a little better. I should have said that. It's all good. All good. Hi, Dan. They said what a great gift. [Music] Kelly says, "You're adorable." Both of you photography. You may want to use it or just Do you know I don't even know if I told you, Mom, but my um Josh and I are doing the 10K in April for the char for the charity and the theme of the race is Winnie the Pooh. So, our medal will be a Winnie the Pooh medal. So, I got to come up with a cute little Winnie the Pooh outfit. I already have a yellow skirt, so I'm halfway there. So, I just need a cute Winnie the Pooh shirt and some ears and I'm all set. And you're all set. Yeah. Too late for mom to get in. It is. And I don't think mom would want to do a 10K. Maybe a five, but not the 10. I don't know if I can do one. Oh, sure. You do it around the park. You can walk the fives. I have that bag in a cross body style. Oh, fun. Tony says, "Hi, Mom and Dad." Y'all know how to dress for Disney. Wish I could have the same Disney fashion as you guys are. Thanks, Austin. My three-year-old Avery is watching you very intently while eating her canola granola. That's funny. Hi, Avery. [Music] Oh, yeah. Yep. Never heard a cheetah roar. They're more like a a regular cat, you know, where they purr and chirp and things. [Music] Other than being massive and, you know, can hunt you down. That's the only difference between a little cat. They I used to know they can run super fast. Yes, they can. You are correct. Yeah. Um I do not watch the mass singer. No, I've heard of it. I never watched it. Yes, I heard Friday is going to be freezing and I have a media event that day. I have to be there early in the morning and it's going to be like in the 30s that it's like dad never seen. Where are we? Well, it's January still. We always get in the 30s at some point. Yeah. We haven't had too many frosts where we live now, but out out in the country there. Tim Tim says, "Was that woohoo dad or Alfred the bird?" Woohoo bird. I couldn't tell. It's Tim. It's woohoo the popcorn. Oh, guy. I'm getting popcorn. I'll celebrate popcorn guy for you today. How about sounds good. Okay, so a fun little another little magical moment. I don't think I told you guys on Monday. Um and I didn't tell you guys yet. Maybe I did. I don't remember. Anyway, Sunday. On Sunday, I went and met Kelly and Ivonne at Universal for fun just to hang out, enjoy the day, and Dale had to do some work, so he stayed home. And we just, you know, we did a few rides and things, and then they wanted ice cream in uh Diagon Alley. So, we went to Diagon Alley, and you I bought the banana popcorn. That's why I thought of it. And so, I'm like, I don't need ice cream on. So, I waited outside of the ice cream shop just eating my banana popcorn, waiting on him. And then all of a sudden this team member walks over and she goes, "Would you like a boatle?" And I was like, "Uh, what?" Um, which I knew what it was, but I was just like, "What?" And she goes, "A little boat trickle." They're like the little magical creatures. They look like little sticks from Harry Potter Fantastic Beast. And um, N has it in his pocket. Like they're really little. The bow truck. Anyways, I said, "Uh, sure." She goes, "All right, follow me." She took me to the magical creature shop. She goes, "I just you were over there just munching on your popcorn, you know, just vibing, hanging out. I thought I'd make a magical moment for you." I was like, "Oh my goodness, it was so sweet. I've never heard Universal do magical moments before." So, we walk in the magical creature shop and she goes up to the cash register and asks the, you know, the lady there working and do you have any boat truckles? And she was like, "Oh, we're all out." And then, so she was like, "Oh, well, you can pick any of these magical creatures on this wall." So, she let me pick a magical creature and then gave it to me. But not the boat. Not the boat. So, I picked something. Oh, yeah. No. And I didn't affect anything. But, um, so I got the um from Fantastic Beast. It's like the horse that looks like a kelp that's swimming in the water. He's also in the Epic Universe show. That's another reason I got it. I won't give it away, but it's pretty cool how he's in the show. Um, so anyway, it was very sweet. I told her she made my day. Yeah. Did they call it magical moment? She called it something like that. I can't remember. Or making magic. I can't remember. I mean, we were in Harry Potter, so magic. But she said she did that from like Christmas through the new year. That's all she does all day. I'm like, what a fun job. So, there was my fun little moment. Hey, Jay Dog. Safari. The best attraction in deck. Good morning. We will definitely say hello to the animals. Hi Jiren. Look, I want a hippopotamus for Christmas. Only hippopotamus will do. Oh boy. So yeah, Kelpie. Exactly. He's a kelpie. That's what the horse is. That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. Kelpy. It was very sweet of her. Yes. A Thank you, Stacey. That's very sweet, my friend. Hi, [Music] that's right, Tammy. Love it. [Music] All right, it's almost safari time. It's only been uh 11 minutes so far, so not bad. Not bad at all. No. Hi, Robert Warner. Okay, there goes the wind. The only night the one nice thing about Animal Kingdom in the winter is there's lots of trees and things to keep it not as windy. That's what you told me last night. Good job. Hi Karen. My nephew got a plastic hippo riding toy for Christmas and we all could not stop singing the song. I love that. That's amazing. Oh, yeah. Yeah, cuz as soon as I got out of my car, I almost uh went back. I almost went back and uh you're good. And grabbed another sweater. And then I was like, once we get in, maybe I'll be okay. So, we'll see. Hi, Val. I know. You never It is hard. Yeah, cuz the other day when the sun came out, then it got nicer. But I'm not sure it's going to come out today. Yeah. You think that's Oh, they have them. Yep. Like that one. Well, I don't know about this one. It's chilly. I know they're going to sell them. Should have brought my gloves. It is not necessary. That's where they Yep. They put them over there. Would you like to take a chair all the way to the truck with you? Hey, we'll be there any moment. All right. Here's our reminders. Guests are reminded by Harambe authorities that it is improper to disturb or feed birds and animals, discard any litter, cut or destroy any vegetation, leave designated roads or trails. Okay, remember that right there. Safari so good. That's right. How hot is it in mid to late May? Very hot. Very, very hot. Starts getting pretty warm in April. But May, it's super hot. It might cool off in the evenings a little some still in May, but it's pretty warm by then. Securely store any personal items. And if you are on your camera, that's right. Once again, have a wonderful safari and as we say here in Wow, Austin, that sounds very chilly. Welcome aboard. Keep popping the like button. If you guys are wanting to book a trip right here to Walt Disney World, go check out mickeytras.com. They'll help you book your trip right here to Walt Disney World and it won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself. They help you plan for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com with the bamboo. That's buddy. Really? You just hook the the line onto the Yeah. You hook it on and then you couldn't reel it. You just pull it. Okay. Wow. If someone is traveling with a mobility device, please line up behind that person allowing them to be the group. The breakfast smelled so good in Harambe this morning. They had um breakfast tots, which were tater tots with scrambled eggs, cheese, and a bunch of yummies in there. Oh, bacon. No, that one was a just pick it up and go. They also had a breakfast croissant sandwich. It smelled really good. Hello, Michelle. Jambo. Oh, you feel better. Better Michelle Carp. Yes, palm trees are always a nice thing, aren't they? I love them. They just make you feel warmer. For your own safety, always remain seated during the safari as the cany and keep your arms, hands, legs, and feet inside the vehicle at all times. Most important, please keep your children securely store any personal items. relax. Don't forget to turn off the flash and all have a wonderful safari. And as we stay here, we're not on the safari yet, but we're getting there. We're getting there. Look at that. Yeah, that is pretty cool. There you go. Next time. filling in all that space. Go ahead, guys. Head all the way down, guys. Yep. We are still in line. Oh, we're getting there. Everyone, you're in a real winter wonderland. I bet they're telling us they're uh they're in a real winter wonderland. Ice and snow. I'm glad I'm not there. But I'm glad we can bring you here virtually. Yeah, let's do it. Is this the marathon weekend shirt? Uh, no. There was another one that Yeah, there was a lot of really cool ones. jackets and things. [Music] Yeah, it sure was. So, I like to sit in the back just cuz it's easier for me. No, it's very bumpy. Okay, just a heads up. It's bumpy. Yeah. So, if you want to sit on the side so you can hold on. Maybe you let dad go in the middle. Yeah. We brought pillows along to sit on for us old people. I'm kidding. I was going to say I don't see them. No, I'm kidding. Oh, no, Kelsey. Not at all. Not too Not too hot for that. Never too hot. Hi, Anthony. We used down like this. Oh, yeah. When we first met that tree. Oh, cool. We kept it. Oh, did you really? Not that it never got that big enough. Yeah. Very cool. It usually is Austin. We only get a few times where it gets into the 30s. Hi, Kimmy. And that's this week. All right. So, let me know in the chat what animals you're super excited to see on the trail today. I'm excited to see the giraffes, the elephants, um, tigers, and bears. Oh my, there's no bears. Fun fact, no bears. No, [Music] bears frequently. Yeah, that's true. Unless it's a jungle bear. Magic Kingdom or a jungle bear. Exactly. You remember? Good job. Those jingle bells, they live in Magic Kingdom. Jungle. [Music] All right. Elephants, flamingos, tigers, and zebras. We have three. Can we wait for the back row by chance? Wait for the second. That's fine. Okay. Thanks. to ensure a safe. Yes, mom and dad are here. They're right here. Yes, they were. Yeah. Giraffes and goats. I like those goats, too. They're really cute. Yep. There's a safari truck right there. If you want. Yeah. J Jay says that the safari is bear of bears. That's a good one. But hello Brian from Michigan. Yay! That's right. Share out the stream. Bop that like button. Let's do a rapid fire bop. Rapid fire bop. So then uh we can get the stream shared to others. So, all you have to do is find the thumbs up button. And to do that, you have to close it out of the chat and then you'll see it and then you can bop it. But only bop it once cuz if you bop it twice, it takes it away. Are you guys ready? Are you set the like button and subscribe if you're new? Hi, girly girl. Michelle, hope you're having fun. We're on the next one, not this one. Hello everyone and welcome to Safaris. Before you begin your trip, you should know that the conveyor belt. I think it's the engine. The heat of the engine. Pop it, twist it, spin it. That's right. 400 likes. Thank you so much. [Music] Manoja J. I love that. That's awesome. Oh yeah. [Music] Our safari everybody does welcome. So welcome aboard folks. It is advised if you're traveling with school children that they sit on the window seat and collaps. All right, everybody. Please wash your hands. Please keep those crowded. Yeah, it is. Yep. Here's some of the animals that we might see. That doesn't mean All right, guys. Enjoy. Here we go. folks and welcome aboard. My name is Alien. I'm going to be your safari gate driver today. Just a few housekeeping rules. We headed into the reserve. Let's make sure we're keeping our hands, arms, legs, and feet inside of the truck at all times. Let's also make sure we're staying seated the entire duration of the ride. This is a real truck. I am a real one person. There are real animals out there. They really love you driving this thing, folks. So, for your safety, my safety, and the safety of the animals, please remain fully seated the entire duration of the ride. About a spotty guide to some of the animals that we might see today. I may not get to all of them, but I'll definitely do my best to point out every single one that I can for you. I may not be able to stop for every single animal. So, have your cameras out ready in sports or portrait mode so that you can capture some wonderful memories while we're out here. Our very first stop is going to be the Little Aturi Forest. This is a great place to be when you're very shy and timid cuz there's a lot of great stuff to hide behind out here. Well, that was kind of scared me. Just bamboo cracking up. No coffee today. Where did everybody go? Oh, there we go. Out on your left hand side of the top of the hill, you're going to see the greater kudu. Those greater kudos are going to be females. We can tell cuz they don't have horns on top of their heads. Only the males do. And they grow those horns about six feet tall. I'm starting to see some big black and white birds up on the hill. Um, and it's going to be a little bit hard cuz they're going to blend in with the bushes up there. They're called saddle build stors. They do have a wingspan of about 9 ft. That is almost the top of the canopy across. They do have a partner. They do make for life. You'll only ever see two. They can get pretty territorial about their space and their partner. right there. Now, this one right here against this bush has black eyes. So, that does mean that that one's going to be the male and the female has yellow eyes. She's on the other side at the top of the hill. The male likes to bring the female sticks to show his love and then they'll make that big nest out there together. We're going to keep going down this path. We're gonna see if we can find anybody else. If you look in the very far corner yet, I just I just saw them. There is a bongo way back there. And they're doing a great job cuz their nickname is the ghost of the forest. They like to hide in the back of the tree line so you can't tell if they're out there. Those horns on top of their heads are S-curve shapes so they can glide through the trees without getting stuck by anything. See if I can catch a glimpse of anybody else out here cuz I didn't really see anyone else. Oh, he's the only one hiding in this part of the forest. All right, we're going to start making our way out of the little Aturi forest and we're going to go over to the Safi River next. Safi and Spahili means clear. This is where we are hopefully going to find some more aquatic animals. [Music] Nothing says aquatic like birds. Just over the bank on the right hand side, you're going to see those big white birds out there. Those are pink back pelicans. They do get their name on by the way they change colors during mating season. Almost as if they're blushing for each other. They'll turn a pale pink on their back sides. They are colonial nesters. They'll nest anywhere from 20 to 500 birds at a time. They've got a wingspan of about 6 to 9 ft. They are some of the smaller of the pelican species. Out to your left hand side, you're going to start to see some of those nippotus out there. Nile hippos can get up to 5,500 lb and they do not float. They can however gallop across the bottom of the water. They get to hold their breath for several minutes at a time which means that those are not coming out anytime soon. When they do it is just a graze or to mark their territory with the dog shower. [Music] A group of hippos can be called a bloat. [Music] Um, and it's going to look like there's some rocks back there. Those are actually going to be some more hippos that are towards that very last waterfall there. Just one big shadow. Now, you're going to keep your eyes on the left hand side. We may or may not see them. It's a little chilly out here, so they might be hanging out in the water for today. Um, you might find yourself uh looking at a crocodile down in the water there. They have a powerful bite force strong enough to crush the bones of their prey. They do weigh about 500 lb and they like to eat half their own body weight at least once a week. That's about 250 lbs in one day. Now, crocodile can get as long as a giraffe can be tall. So, they can anywhere from 16 to 20 ft long. The way that we can tell the difference between alligators and crocodiles is actually going to be their nose and their teeth. Alligators have a more a round mounted shaped nose. Crocodiles have a more V or pointed shaped nose. You can also see a crocodile's teeth even when their mouths are closed. That's why it's smile crocodile and later alligator because you won't see the teeth later. You can find alligators in North and South America, but you can find crocodiles all over the world, including salt water. They need fresh, clean water to survive their natural habitat. So, next time you visit the lake, ocean, river, or spring, make sure to clean up after yourselves, the folks around you. If every single person on this truck alone picked up 10 pieces of trash, that could be over 400 pieces of trash that will go to the proper recycling and waste bins instead of being in our waterways. Don't just have those crocodiles, but it most definitely is a bonus. Now we are going to start making our way down into the savannah. It is a wide open plane where the animals are able to roam wherever they would like. Sometimes that means in the middle of the pathway that is okay. It is their home. We are just visiting them. Today we are going to make our way around the entire savannah just for the best possible chance of seeing all the animals that are out here. [Music] On your right hand side, you're going to start to see some of those Hartman Mountain zebras. They have an extra flap of skin under their neck. It's called a dual app. It helps them to stay cool for really long periods of time. are a couple of younger ones out on the reserve and when they were babies they imprinted on their mothers. Just means that they know who she was and they were always able to go back to her even in a large group. And what we call a large group of zebras is called a dazzle. I love that. A dazzle of zebras. Oh, no. If you keep your eyes on the left hand side, you look to the right hand side of that den there, you're actually going to see some African petta dogs laying out there together. African beta dogs get their name by the way they each look like an individual work of art. No two are the same. They're part of the K9 family. They've got four toes instead of five. They often get mistaken for a hyena, but hyas are in a class of their own called hyena. Looks like we're going to see a couple of animals out here. We start with the closest ones. You're going to see some anulie cattle out here. They grow those horns six to 8 ft apart from each other. They've got a honeycomb structure inside of their horns that help them to circulate their butt a little bit better. You're going to see some sable antelopes in the way back there. Sable antelopes are going to be some of the only antelopes in the entire world to choose fight over flight. They lean their heads back, poke anything that's getting on them from behind to stay protected. They also like to use those horns for courtship and dominance. And then way in the back there, there's that tall tan antelope. Those are eland. They get to 6 feet tall just at their shoulders. 50% of their population lives on protected land. Their joints click when they walk and so they can find each other when they're walking through tall grass. That's exactly how my family has to find me, too. During mating season, the male likes to put foliage on top of his horn to try and attract the attention of the female. It is the equivalent of putting on a flower crown to look pretty. As a red girl, I do appreciate that for him. Now, we did just pass some termite mountains out here. They're made of dirt, mud, spit, dug, and sand. They get formed and baked by the sun. They turn rock hard. The animals out here can use them as scratching posts. Not my first choice of material, but definitely someone's number two. Looks to get lucky enough to get to see those wolf geese while we're out here as well. That was funny. They were having a bit of the zooies earlier. So hopefully they're nice and calm now. Wild beasts get their name from the African word for wild beast. That's a Dutch dialect. 1.5 million of them will migrate anywhere from 500 to 1,000 miles in a year's migration. They are super adaptable and so are their babies. They can be up and running within minutes. They've got parallel vision, so even when they're looking down at the ground, they can still see straight ahead of themselves. And they're some of the most popular uh actually some of the most densely populated animals in Africa. There's the baby giraffes. Be seeing some giraffes as we pass by here as well. Mai giraffes have that jagged patterning on their coats, making them a little bit different than a reticulated giraffe. They do have more uniform squares depending on their coats. They stand anywhere from 16 to 20 feet tall with the exception of the baby that's right in front of us here. He stands a little over seven feet tall at this point. He's on a 6ft drop to contend as well as big six feet tall from birth. They do have a long freehand style tongue. It's about 18 in long. It's a purplish black color. There's a theory that it is that color. So get sunburned from pointing their tongues up to the sky so much. It is just a theory though. Going to see at least one more in the bushes out to the left hand side. A group of wilderbees can be called an uncertainty. A group of giraffe is called a tower. Uncertainty. Now we're going to start making our way over towards elephant country. Our landscape is going to change on us a bit here. It's going to be less of a wide open plane. There's going to be a lot more tree coverage, a lot of fallen bridges and pathways as African elephants have been forging a path for themselves for quite some time now. Now to your right hand side, you're going to see that African elephant out there. They have those big beautiful ears that just so happen to be the shape of the concert of Africa. They cool themselves down by simply fanning those ears back and forth. That's what we call great air conditioning. Now, if you pay attention to your left hand side, there's actually a mandrel in the bushes out there right here. He's between the tree lines. They have a brightly colored face like Rafiki. When they get nervous or excited, their face gets even brighter. They eat what they can carry in their cheeks like chipmunks. And they do travel in big family groups together. A group of mandrels is called a troop. And we're going to go a little bit further down and go into the next watering as well. Catch up with some more African elephants while we're out here. I want to talk about one of my favorite conservation programs having to do with some of the largest animals and some of the smallest bugs. We actually found out through conservation research that African elephants don't like bees if they sting them on their ears. It's this information in a program called the elephants and bees project. Farmers are finding that African elephants were getting onto their property. They were eating and destroying their crops. They're getting pretty upset. They were taking some extreme measures to protect their crops from the African elephants which was hurting them. The Disney conservation program stepped in and donated special bee fences to those farmers to use on their property instead. Our program was actually a huge success. The African elephant slightly changed the migration patterns to stay away from those bees. Bees had a home to go back to and the farmers had an extra source of income and was selling the honey from those bees. So, it was a win-win all the way around. Actually purchased that honey online by searching elephants at Peace Project. That program is still being used out there today. Now, we are going to be passing some red clay out here. African elephants like to use the red clay in their diet. That's how they get the mineral content into their bodies. They'll take their freehand cell chunks, scrub onto that clay, and then put it in their mouths. It's also how they like to drink their water. They'll suck the water into their trunks and then blow it back into their mouths. Drink about 50 gallons of water in a day. I'm starting to see some of those African elephants way out there. So, we're going to make our way over towards the next watering hole. I'm seeing two so far. If I see one more, I'm going to say that this is going to be a group of females. I see him way in the back there. Those are This is going to be group females. They travel in larger groups together. They'll stay together for their entire lives over multiple generations. The males tend to go off by themselves. Sometimes they create little groups called the bach. Now, as we make our way around, we are going to notice that these trees look pretty interesting out here. They kind of look like they're upside down. They're not, I promise. They're called baob trees, and they stay leafless up to 9 months out of the year. We'll come back to it in just a moment. Out on your left hand side, you're going to see that baby African elephant out there. The average gestation period of an African elephant is about 22 months. That's a couple months shy of two years. It's quite a long pregnancy. For the first year of an African elephant's life, they can actually walk underneath their mother the entire time. So cute. And she's pretty small still, so she's probably going to disappear and reappear. You know, she does this all the time. She'll go off. She'll get stuck. and she'll trump it and everybody's going to go chase after her. It's going to be great. They really are very protective of her. So, the minute they hear her um calling for anything, they will always go running to her. Um sometimes they create what's called protection circle while they will surround her so that she can take a nap and feel safe. A good job. Out on your left hand side, you are going to see the greater flamingos. They're the lightest shade of pink flamingos that there are in the world. They get that beautiful coloring for the birds, but they consume and they consume it in a super interesting way. They have special bristles in their beaks that act like a filter. So, all they have to open do is open their mouth and that bird trip. We're going to talk about that filter for them. A group of flamingos can actually be called a flamboyance. Where should they go? Oh, so cute. [Music] All righty. Looks like we're starting to make our way over to the east side of the savannah. Now, our landscape is going to change on us a little bit here. It's going to be less of a wide open plane. It's going to be pretty quiet. That's just how some of these animals do like it. Out to your left hand side, you are going to see the mud wallows. It's going to be an important ecosystem resource. Um, some animals will roll themselves in that mud while giving themselves a nice thick coat to stay protected from the sun during periods of drought. It's also going to be the only source of water out here. One of those animals that's going to roll themselves in that mud is actually on your right hand side. It's going to be the white rhinoceros out there. White rhinos is a misprononunciation of the word for vite, meaning wide. Wide lip and wide body. They have a big U-shaped lip that runs across their face. They get anywhere from 3,000 to 5,000 lb. They've got very poor eyesight, but they do make up for it in their hearing. So, they can probably hear me talking about them even as we get further and further away. Now, I can see this next animal, but I'm going to go to the next little area here so you can get a better look of what I'm talking about. We are going to be looking for some cheetahs while we are out here. And currently, the ones that I see are very good camouflage. For reference, there's like a little box back there covered by trees and they're sitting right up in it. And they're hard to see, but if you look a little bit further up here, you're gonna see them as well. Cheetah. Cheetahs are some of the fastest animals in the world. They go 0 to 60 in about 3 seconds. They can maintain that speed for quite some distance at time. About a football field worth. They're day hunters. They don't like to contend another big cat. So, they will not go out and hunt at night. They don't have retractable claws like other big cats do. That's because there's a rat ready to go for them at any given moment. also cannot roar, but a cheetah can still meow, chirp, and purr to communicate with each other. A group of cheetahs can be called a coalition. Now, we've made our way up to the copy rocks. It's a great vantage point for all kinds of animals. They can look out across a savannah to look for prey or to protect themselves from a predator. Looks like there is some lions up there. But before I get to them, because we might not see them again, here on your right hand side, you're going to see some water buck. They get their name out of the way. They live near water spaces. They secrete a smelly oil that coats their fur so they can stay nice and dry when they're walking through the marshes. We also get to see those white rhinoceros just a little bit closer while we are up here. They're taking a little bit of a sunbath. Now on your left hand side are going to be the um lions. They like to sleep about 15 to 20 hours in a day, typically leaving them to hunting at night. at hunter is those females. They'll go on hunting, bring it back to the entire group while the male stays behind to care for the cubs and the rest of the lions. You know, they sand paper like tongue is so powerful they can lickly their prey in just a few swipes. A group of lions can be called a pride. [Music] This one's going to be hard to see. I'm going to point them out. You're going to look to your left hand side. There's going to be a log and some bushes and a hole in the bush. Look in the hole in the bush. I want to go nice and slow. You're going to see those warthogs up there. That's going to be the only spot that you can see them in because that's where they love to sit every single day. I see them. Warthogs are nature recyclers. They like to reuse those as they see fit. They'll back themselves into their burrows with their tent facing out so that they can protect themselves. A group of warthogs can be called a sed. Out to your right hand side over by the green truck there you are going to see the ostrich. They are some of the largest flightless birds in the world. They like to stick those wings straight out to keep themselves balanced when they're running. They can run about 40 m an hour. They do produce some of the largest eggs in the entire world. Just one is equal 24 chicken eggs or about three pounds. If you look on your right hand side, you're going to see some of those eggs out there. [Music] Looks like we're going to be making our way over to the Magatti Glenn, which means that we are nearing the end of our journey here today and going back towards civilization cuz the Makatti Glenn is where the wart's post was located. Warden has been living out here for quite some time. He had got lonely a couple years back. The locals actually told him about having Nigerian dwarf goats in his yard. The rest is history. Let's go check out and see what these cuties are doing. I'm not home. They're so cute. Nigerian dwarf goats are great for farming when you don't have a lot of space because they are so small. You can easily turn into cheese. It is pretty delicious. Their diets consist of hay and grass. That's their full grown size out there, too, folks. They won't get any bigger than where they are today. That's exactly what my mom said to me when I turned 16. She was right. Best lawnmowers out there on the market. They even come with their own fertilizer and you can't really beat that deal. Don't worry, my mom didn't say that to me. That's been really weird. But speaking of uh poop, because we have to talk about it, I have to talk about it. Did you know that scientists actually found out that elephants, goats, cows, horses, rhinos, and donkeys all produce very fibers? Poops. Fibers that are also found in papers. That's exactly what the scientists did. They recycle that poop down into paper. You can go to www.pooaper.com at poopaper.com and make your very own purchase of recycled poop paper notebooks cuz nothing says reduce, reuse, and recycle like poop does. Am I right, folks? You can even choose the species and wins the poop came from. I'd like to thank you guys for joining us today. And if you'd like to thank the animals, go out, be conservation heroes out in the big world. One way that you can start today is you can go to any merchandise location and any register and make a donation to the Disney conservation fund. Disney matches dollar for dollar and they do go to programs all around the world, not really in Africa, as well as they do give a beautiful button for conservation heroism. There are options to receive that fun button is actually going to be a $1 donation. A lot of people don't know this, but you can recycle your cell phones when you are done with them. There is a meal in our cell phones called cult. It is being mined over in Africa. Take away home from animals like the African elephant. We can do our best to recycle. Lucas, stop that mining actually start coexisting with our big beautiful giants. Once again, now you have a couple options on your way out of here today, folks. You can go over to Gorilla Falls. It's a self-guided walking tour. Raises some animals like the gorillas, the mircats, my personal favorite, the naked mole rats. Their St. colon has been here for the last 25 years. You can go upward to repeat planet watch. It's a fiveminute train ride over to a southern part of the park. Out there go to affection section. There you go. Pet Nigeria dwarf goats and other small form animals. There's a big room full of bugs and reptiles to go learn about. And you can take an animation class while you're out there. I'll teach you step by step how to draw some of your favorite Disney characters. Here at Safaris, we don't like to say goodbye cuz that's far too sad and far too final. And so I want to say which means go well. So go wild and go make a difference out there or the rest of the day may take you. If you're on the right hand side of that truck, watch your hands, arms like the feet slide back open for you. Watch your step as you exit folks. Quarinia sante sauna. Go wild. Go wild. Go make it squished. Please drink some water, friends. Stay nice and warm out there. I didn't want you to get squished. No, it's fine. That was amazing. That was amazing. [Music] Right, Tim? I know. Any papu. All right. [Music] Head to the um gorillas. Gorilla's up next. coming. Yeah, it's all good. Yep. Let's go this way and we'll wait for him over here. [Music] See you later. Hi everyone. Have fun. See you later everybody. It's okay. Take your time. We're not We're not in a hurry. Let's go see if there's any gorillas over here. Tell her I said we we we love your your one about the hoop. She's Yep. Good job. [Music] Oh, did you? Okay. Oh, yeah. I see it. Thank you. I would never have seen it without you, though. I got you. Thanks. Thank you. Yeah, he's just a chilling. Yeah, he's chilling. I've had enough of these people. He's looking at they snore and go where they want to. So, it's just really sometimes you see the back sometimes we don't how they want. Yeah. Well, and if we go on this trail, we'll be able to see them better. So, all right, guys. Thank you so much for hanging out with us. It's been fun so far. Let's go see if we can see more gorillas on the trail. Do you want to go on the gorilla trail? Okay. Exactly. Front side. Exactly. Not just back side. Hey, it all started with a mouse. It was a good safari. I agree. Was it a raccoon? I don't know. I didn't see it. Yeah, it is always a fun ride. I agree. Yeah. Well, mine never sometimes. Never streamed it cuz I think I would drop the camera, but it gets me sometimes, too. So, so, all right. Excuse me. This way. Probably everybody's gorilla fold. Let's go. Hi. It was a good safari. I agree. Want to see the cute anteaters? I think that's on the other side. That's the tiger trail, which is always fun, too. the elusive gray squirrel. There's always a lot of squirrels on this path. This is true. This is true. And the the monkeys are all getting their enclosure worked on right now. It is hard to get a bad safari. I agree. There's all They're always good. And hello, John. Hi, Matt the Tech Ranger. How are you today? Keep bopping the like button and sharing out the stream. We're almost to 500 likes. We got an animal up here on the left. So, we'll go see if we can find it if it's out. Sometimes it's the okapi. Oh, yeah. It's out. We didn't get to see it on the safari, but here it is. That one's always Yeah. There it is. Zoom in for you guys. There you go. Having some breakfast. Awesome. Got got the party pants on. At least that's what they say on the safari. That is safari pants on. Or sorry, party party pants, not safari. Have a bathtub kind of thing. Yeah, a trough. All right. Wonder what it's eating. Well, that is a great question. Looks like lettuce of or you know, like leaves or something. Some kind of leafy green. They are They're very unique and very pretty. Not bad back there. No, not too windy. Yeah, exactly. That always helps. It does. So, I remember the lion. The lion one was a pride. A group of Yep. Good job. Right. But the others, you know, there's so many. There's a bloat. The float. I know. The bloat is the hippos. The dazzle is the zebra. The flamboyance is flamboyant. Flam. Yep. You got it. Flamboyance. Flamingo. Flamingo. Yep. See who's um I thought the one what was it um for the wilderbeast was shoot what was it guys help me out it it was funny it was like like uncontrolled or of something like that but I can't remember shoot what was it I don't know I can't think I know she woke up from her nap Yes, mom and dad are here. Yeah. John says, "Hello, mom and dad." Hi, John. Ticker tail, John. Oh, hey, ticker tail, John. Hello out there. Hello out there. Watch your heads. We're in the birds. Avaryg. Yeah. giving them fish and uncertainty. That's what it was. Uncertainty. Thank you, Smooth Joy. She's got some fish. Yeah. A tower. Yep. It's the giraffes. Oh, I thought a You got it. Okay. Ready. They're all a dazzle. I love that. All right, you'll come. We're going to go see the hippos now if there are any out. [Music] I don't see any. [Music] Oh, there's one way over there. I see his ears way over on the left. Do you see his ears sticking up? I can't see him underwater, but I can only see his ears. Yeah, it probably is. [Music] Oh, right there. Yeah, way over there. But when you go under, you can't see them. It's too cloudy. Yeah, it is. You see it? All right, guys. And as we're walking this way, let's talk about resort tv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. So, if you guys are wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resorttv1homes.com. Even if you're not ready to move yet, go over there and get the process started. I see the zebras. There's one really close. And the sun's coming out. Look at that. It's so pretty. Yeah. There. Looks like there's four of them. [Music] Very cool. Hi Heidi. How are you today? Go see if we can see the um the mircats. Yeah, let's go look. Hi. You guys want to see if we see any animals? They're probably underground. It's probably warmer under there, right? Wonder and they pop back up. Okay. [Music] No, not seeing any today. One right there. Oh, yeah. Thank you. Yep. A Oh, there he goes. Yeah, it's coming this way. like that. Yeah. Unless he went under. [Music] Cool. All right. Give somebody else another turn. All right. Hello, Adventures. How are you guys today? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi, Jerry. Tim calls him the Tim Moans. The The adventures are here. Oh, the adventure. How are you? Yes. How are you guys today? Hi, Danny. All right, let's go. Oh, there's a there's a gorilla. I see him. Or her. Probably her. I think they're all girls now. There's one there one here. And then there's one up top. Oh. Oh, she's looking looking for something. You can come up here, Dad. Oh, where'd she go? Yep. Oh, there's one right here at least. Oh, yeah. I think they're all girls in this one on this side. The other side's the males. Yeah, I'm pretty sure. [Music] I did not know that, Benjamin. That's pretty cool. Yeah, John. It's a little chilly, but not bad. Not bad. Could be worse. It's going to get worse, actually. [Music] [Music] There's a little one rolling around up there. Rolling around up there. That was cute. Hi, Julie Pix. How are you today? Yeah, thanks. Eventually, it's good to have mom and dad here. Yep. The little ones were They're always fun were wrestling. So cute. Yeah. So cute. Yeah. Yeah. Let's see if we see more up here. Sometimes they're better to spot up here. Must be some cuz I see a bunch of people. Must be some. Yep. That's what I just said. Yeah. Oh, there's one over here munching. Two of them actually. Yep. Cute. Kind of trying to hide. Yeah, they're just a chilling. Oh, could be. It could have been his head. Yeah. Uhhuh. Oh, there's one right here, too. Yeah. And there's one laying right by this rock on his back. Oh, I see it now. Playing with his toes. Why not? Well, they eat. Yeah, exactly. Oh, there's another big one over here. Holy moly. Really big one. Yeah. Silver back. Silver back. I think the two little ones that are black, they're juveniles, Cory and Flint. Their mom and sisters on this side. Okay. They won't become adult silverbacks until later in their teens. So, I say they're going through puberty. Got you. Teenage. Cool. Yeah. Awesome. Thank you. Love that one. You just got Yep. He's just hanging out. That's pretty cool. Just a chilling. I don't have anything else. Just a hanging out. One day we were here. I was here with Jesse Mouse and Julian live and the baby, which she's not like that little anymore, but she's still little. Yeah, she was sitting over here on this rock and she was looking at this bear spot on her leg and she kept looking at it and then she pointed at it and then she was looking at it and point it was like almost like a kid like I got an owie. It was that cute. What is that? And then she made this face like after she was doing that and then she made this face like like ah oh my god. She didn't make any noises but she it was cute. It was cute. And then another day she was climbing the tree, this one. And she made it all the way to the top of that tree. Wow. I guess one of the cast members says she likes to climb. They've got Hi, Kyle. Four legs. Uh-huh. Yep. And their arms help them. Yeah. Right. Help them, too. When they run, they used to run on Yeah. True. Is that where the Yes. When we were younger. Yeah. big guy came after he came down and pounded on his chest like right here. It was cool but a little scary at the same time. He's like I'm tired all these people. He was just showing that he was the boss. Yeah, that too. Oh, it sure did. It was either here or over here. I can't remember. Yeah, I remember. I mean, it come Yeah, you had it on camera. I do have it. Yeah, on the camcorder you were videoing. Well, we're hitting them. Digit Dash is digitiz. Oh, good. So, good deal. Awesome. Can't wait to see it. Oh, there's one way up there. See if we can see her better over here. Yeah. Sitting on top of this rock right there. Yep. Yeah. Is that the one? It's one of them. Yeah. I don't know which one. I don't think it's a baby. A little too big. Yeah. Yep. That's true. Corey Rupre says if you're going to climb trees, you're going to get boooos. That is a good point. But it was so cute the way she was looking at it and then she pointed and then she'd look up then she'd point at it like look like Yeah. Look at my boo boo. It was so cute. Do something about it. I know. It was really cute. All right. Time for popcorn. It's time whenever you want it. whenever you want it. I know, which is okay. You can have popcorn. Anyway, but I do need a restroom. Okay, there you go. Oh, cool, Julie. That's awesome. I just smashed the like button. Thank you so much, Sean. 533. Amazing. Thank you so much. [Music] Keep on bopping buff the like button. She probably would, Corey. Yes. What' you say? Too cold for us almost. Well, you've been a Fidian for a long time, so I get it. Remember the remember that one day you were so cold and you go, "Well, I am a grand fidian." Do you remember that? No, I forgot. It was funny. I think it was at a Christmas party and it was cold or whatever. 22 years in Florida. Years in Florida. Wow. And then you've lived here a while. 17 almost for us. Yeah. Yeah. Very cool. All right, guys. Oh, yeah. There you go. Now you sound like a the um carousel of progress. Quarter of a century. [Music] All right, everybody. gonna make our way this way and then take some turns going on restroom break, do some shopping, and we'll go see the the tigers. I always love to go see the tigers, too. There's a the baby tiger, but he's getting a lot bigger. Yeah, he's almost full grown. He was always Yeah. So cute. Thanks, Adventures. Diving into the new Animal Crossing update. Wait, that's this morning? There's a new Animal Crossing update today. Yes. I didn't know it was today. That's awesome. I got to go home and figure this out. She's got it. Did you Okay. Do you have to buy it or is it free? Oh, you have to buy it. It's not mine. Okay. I was going to say, darn it. Not yet. Totally forgotten. Yeah. Well, Adventures reminded me. I I forgotten, too. Adventures told me. Okay, good deal. Keep hitting that subscribe button in the bop bop bop. All right. Um, do you want to go first and then mom and I or you want to go? Are you sure? Okay. Wherever you want to be. Do you want to go in the shop? Do you want to just hang out? What's easier for you? Shop. Yeah. Oh, I always love shopping. Yeah. All right. You can take them in there. You should Okay, I'll go look. You're good. All right. We'll meet you in there. Just in somewhere in this Yeah. Just don't look at the chat while you're walking. Okay. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Don't need you falling. Okay. Okay. Well, okay. I'll meet you back. Dad's not chatting with you guys. He'll just talk to you. I do a good job of talking. I guess you're right. Not a good job. I do. I'm always talking. All right. We'll see you in there. All right. Either that or I'll come over by the trees a little. Hello everybody. Woohoo. Yeah. One switch one and two update is free this. Yeah. Five. Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Hello, everybody. Woohoo. Good to see you all today, guys. Yeah, it's been fun. We haven't been here for a long time, so we're just tickled. Yeah, we're tickled to get out and be out and about a little. Let's see. There we go. Hey, Mara. Woohoo. The Animal Crossing 3.0 update is a free to switch to Yes. Yes. That's pretty cool. I'm sorry. I have to grab my sunglasses out of here really quick. My eyes. Hey, Kyle Puff, how are you? Hi, Kyle. Woo. Mr. Cruz Fever. Good morning, Smooth Joy. Tony, Corey. Hi, Corey. How are you? I'm a Grand Fian. I like that. Yeah, I actually taught for five years down by Pontagora, Florida. So, and that's where Jane and I met. Yeah. Catalina, hi. How are you? Dizzy Dawn. Woohoo! Awesomeness. Good to see everybody. Par poo. Oh, okay. Hello. Hey, Cream Figs. Josh sounds just like dad. Wait, Josh sounds like dad. Dad sounds like Yeah. Yeah. Go. Yeah, I guess that's a good either way. Yeah. Girly girl. Hi. Parts of Florida. What are your favorite parts of Florida other than the warm weather? Oh, we love the G Coast. Yeah. used to go to uh Venice and Englewood and all that area over in there. We like that. Yeah. Sarasota. You bet. Naples. Yeah, that that's our favorite part. Hi, Lisa. Don't forget to ride the train. Yeah. Yeah. Tim Rample. Woohoo. A Mickey bar. Can it Will a Mickey bar Oh, train service right up here. Uh will a Mickey bar go with popcorn? Tim. Yeah. Kelly new. Hi. How are you? Woohoo. Oh, that rhymed. I didn't mean to happen, but it did it anyway. So, there you go. That's awesome. That's good. Robert Warner, how are you? Yep. Hi to mom. Yeah, we're doing pretty good. You know, not bad. Um, hanging in there. Let's put it that way. Yeah, we're hanging in there. Yep. Yeah, Tim. Yep. Yep. Well, Tim, I may have to I may have to get some popcorn first. The Mickey bar. Maybe. I love the Mickey bars. Just like somebody else I know. You bet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ticker tail John picking fresh oranges right in the Oh, that sounds really good. That sounds great. That sounds really good. Yep. Yep. Mickey bars of popcorn and gar. Yeah, they do. Can I dip the Mickey bar into the popcorn? Beautiful day. You know what? It's turning out to be a pretty nice day. Yeah. Yeah. Look at here. We like I You know, I like Animal Kingdom because it's laidback. you know, um, and you can make it a, you know, if you've had a lot of days at the park going pretty fast, this is a nice park to lay back, enjoy seeing all the animals and just just stroll a little bit. That's what I like a lot. Retro Randy. Woohoo! Choo choo choo. I love that part, too. Yeah, I love that part, too. Yeah, it's it's in transition now, I guess. the new thing that we're going to do. We meaning Josh and Liam and and I um we got went together with Josh and bought Liam on a recctor set for Christmas. So, I just might or might not have got a few retro ones myself. So, I got some retro ones because I had one when I was a kid. Um and I'm we're going to put together an amusement park. Yeah. On the train track. So, we're getting ready for we're getting ready for still going to leave the my hometown um of Varna and uh we're going to have a an amusement park with a ferris wheel. We're going to make a a merrygo round and do all that kind of good stuff. The train tracks and Ramy market are fun to look at. Yes, they are. I love that. They are really good. We love going on that one down there. Yeah. Hey, Richard Scott, how are you? Thank you. You know, I love I love doing that. Keep Hey, keeps this old guy busy. Keeps your mind going and just Yeah, it's fun. And I, you know, and it's it's fun. I um especially when you get to do it with the family. You bet. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, fun. Yeah. Yeah. Hi, Disney Fly Files. How are you? Yeah. You want to go in the store? I can take you in the store a little bit. How about that? Let's see. Hope we don't get any lag. How about that? Yeah. Let's look. Oh, I wonder if they got any coffee. Do you know somebody that likes to welcome you in there? But hey, it's good. I'm always It's always so good to see and hear see you all the time. Uh Cory Rick. Yeah, Anthony is very relax. Yes, we love that. Okay, let's look at this. Um here's a morning roast. Let's look at this one. Let's see. It's a ground. It's a medium to dark. It's ground for Yeah, I'm I'm more I'm a medium kind of person. Yeah. Or or even a light roast. I like the light blonde roast. Yeah. French vanilla. This is light roast. Okay. Yeah. I I um usually don't get the uh the coffee that's already uh ground because I've got a I have a uh coffee machine at home. Yeah. Had it for quite a while and it just keeps knocking away keeps going at the cups. That says grandma dad. Okay. Yeah. Oh, pens. No, not pens. Giraffes. All right, let's go over here and see what they got. You know, this used to be one of our favorite. We always got walkers. We always got these when the kids were little. Not a lot of them. They They were They were expensive way back then. We just couldn't afford them all at that time. But hey, you know, it's okay. We made it. Cheddar. Oh, barbecue flavored puffs. Churo flavored puffs. So, this looks good. And we like Oh, I think Jenna likes the lemon. I think she likes those lemon cookies. I think Josh likes, of course, the chocolate chip, but I don't see them in here right now in the bag. But they're all good. They're all good. Shopping with dad. Yeah. Hey. Hey, Tim. I have enough other people in the family like to shop, so I got to be a little bit careful. You know what I mean? Oh, shoot. Yeah. Just have to be a little bit Yeah. Have to be a little careful. Yeah. But you know what? It's okay. Let's see what we got in here. Good morning. How are you? How are you? Hey, I'm great. I'm great. Yeah. Oh, yeah. My I'm my daughter and my son. This is Resort TV one. It's my daughter and my son and they had to take a bathroom break. So, dad has a filling. Isn't that what dads are for? And you know, or to go get coffee or to go get a tea or to go get Well, you enjoy your best life. That's what it's about. I We are. Thank you so much. Yeah. Thank you. Oh, here. Okay. All right. I'm a cat person. Tim knows that. I love the cat. Yeah, morning cruise fever. Let's see any long sleeves. Oh, jambo. Here's a look at this one. Ah, jumbo. I love it. I'm hoping that I'm hoping that uh Oh, that's pretty good. Oh, more stuff. More stuff. We are all connected. Yes, we are. Yes, we are. Thank you all for being here today. I'm looking, you know, I always love cups. I like to see the shirts, all the good stuff. I always wanted one of these vests. I never got one. It's just sort of cool looking, that's all. Yeah. Thanks, Corey. Yeah, I know. I know. Yeah. We always just plug it, you know, all the shots. I I don't know. I like the I like the shop. Except if you get too much shot, that's not that's not good. You know what I mean? I So, oh, these are cool. Yeah. Yeah. You know, as part of my job as a in agriculture with a county extension agent, not only did I work with the farmers, I worked with homeowners. And I used to get a lot of question about house plants and landscaping and and that, you know, that was in my area. That wasn't my special expertise, but hey, it's all agriculture, so we did find going, you know, gardens and things like that, of course, but I know we always love doing plants at home, you know. So, hello. Yeah. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Um the nice lady over by the door of the tree, she said she said, "Oh," she said, "Are you live?" I said, "Yeah." And I told them about you and I said, "Yeah, for my son and my daughter." And they said, "Well," and I said, "You know, I'm they have to take a bathroom break." I said, "And uh and my and my well, I told these OTVs, my son and my daughter, and you guys went." Anyway, long story short, and I said, "Aren't that isn't that what dads are for?" And that's right. He said, "Exactly. I just told him that as I used to tell people about house plants and all that, but here's the expert right there." Not necessarily. Yes, you are. She is. That's really cute. We can buy a hippopotamus. Oh, don't you like a hippopotamus? I'm going to get Hey, thanks everybody. Good job. I like agriculture, too. Yeah. Yeah. This one might be cheaper cuz he's got a littleer plant. You know what? That'd be really cute. This plant. It's a paint plant. 30 bucks. Now, can you call him a paint plant or something? Um Oh, they're the same price. What is that? What is that? Yeah, I do like that one cuz it's pink. Oh, here. Mini dish garden. Yeah, it's um coffee fern pod carp. Oh, they can be the moist. Those aren't pa carp. So, they're all pretty. They have and a palm tree. That's a little Oh, I didn't know they had a palm. That's cool. Wonder which one would be easier to keep alive. I'm not so good. We aren't either anymore. Hi, Linda. Hi, J. N this is a Bella palm. You know, palm trees are usually pretty easy except then when they start getting me bugs and nasty. Oh, well, you don't want that. And you probably have to transfer it out pretty soon. They get big, don't they? Well, good question. Yeah. Yeah. But either way, you can still keep the the little guy. Keep the little guy. You can keep the little guy. Is that a puffer fish? That's cute. Keep the big guy. Was that a hippopotamus? Tim says it is a hippopotamus. All right. Where should I meet you? Um, we'll just hang out here. We'll wait on you. They got some new things. Look at all the new things. Hi, Rita. You see a bloat in a tower withering those plants. Yes. This is fun. A little decorative item here. Hi, sports nerd. You have the little elephant planter. Oh no, it died. That's not good. But we still have the elephant. So, yeah. This is cute. I like that. The mug. Let's go see how much the sweatshirt is. It's right here. Oh, yeah. That is cool. Oh, $39.99. That's not bad for a sweatshirt. It is thin. Not very thick. Spirit jersey. Yeah. Not quite, but yeah, it is. It's a thin one. Yeah. Yeah. doesn't have any of the Yes. Yep. The Spirit jerseys have the things on the back, but Yeah. similar. Similar. Well, this is just a a light sweatshirt. There we go. A light sweatshirt. This is cute. Um I don't know. I didn't see any succulents in the plants, but this one's fun. We also have Jambo right here. Jambo, everyone. Oh, yeah. Here's the spirit jersey. And they're usually this much. Yes. They're pretty pricey. Yes, they are. Yep. Got your cheetah lounge fly. I bet it's $100. Yep. Look at all the sparklies. Yep. I could go on Disney prices, right? I could name that price. A It's a fun shirt. Yeah, it is. There's a sweatshirt, too. Yeah. This one is um This one's $69.99 cuz it's a hoodie. Oh, it's a little bit more. Ooh, I like this one. This is really cute. I have ears that would match this perfectly, but if not, there's more here. $ 36.99. Rita said, "Good job, Dad. Such a good job. I've just decided to get some plants to put in my apartment." That's awesome. Love that. Let's go see what yummies are over here. Morning. Good morning. Ooh, that looks good. The cereal. The straw. It looks like strawberry. Ooh, I think it is. It does. M. Yeah. Peanut butter. All the yummies. [Music] Wait. What's this? It's a light up sucker. This one doesn't work. Oh, you have to pull the tab. I bet. But your sucker will light up. That is so fun. I would have loved that as a kid. I mean, who am I kidding? I'd love it now. $6.99. Hi, Barbara. Chocolate rice crispy drink. I might have to try that. Oh, dad's here. The same thing. That looks good, huh? It does. Interesting. Three. I want to get two. One for you. Oh, yeah. Dad's getting popcorn. I'm getting popcorn. Oh, that's right. You know what else is fun? What is it? You buy this. I think I showed you this before. And then you buy candy to go in it. That's the only way you can buy these. And look, they're little tiny trash cans. They're so cute. So, you put it in here. Oh, well, you put it in a bag. Oh, then you put And it has to be a You have to buy a half pound of candy and then you can put it in. Oh, look. They have crazy bananas. Hey, Marco. Yeah. And banana. My question is, so you buy the you buy the half pound, you have pay for the half pound, and you have plus $14.99. So that you Well, it's only $8 plus $14.99. It's really not bad. Yeah. Where's Tim at? Hey, Tim. He's right here. I know. Tim says he still needs one in the shop. That's right. He said, "I still need garbage candy." It won't hold popcorn, Tim. I don't know. Sure it will. Yeah. Oh, popcorn. Popcorn. Yeah. I go over here. Yeah, sure. Is that what you want? Uh, sure. Thanks. I'm going to go see what's over here. [Music] H. Oh, look. They got churo flavored puffs. Oh my. Oh, I always like those. The nutty berry mix. It's like sweet and salty. Oh, yeah. Yep. Delish. Yep. We have lemon cooler cookies. And then popcorn. All the popcorn. [Music] I'm not going to lie. I don't want the cheddar. Put that away from the All the yummies. What kind is Is this just caramel? Yeah, caramel. Mickey fruity mix. Yeah. confetti. Yep. And then we have gummy centipedes. You're welcome. Thank you. You want in your bag or you want? Sure. You can put it in here. You sure? Yeah. Thanks. Um eventually love your headband. Thanks. Let's see. Uh top one. Top one. See it? Thanks. Here we go. Thank you. You're welcome. That's cool, Megan. Hi, Diane. Perfect. Thank you very much. All right. You want to go see some tigers? Can I get popcorn on the way over? You can't take it in the tiger thing. You can get right after. Okay. Unless you don't want to see tigers. Do they have popcorn over there? Uh, they probably do. Sure. It's just over here. Yeah. Okay. Nice job, man. Yeah, I know. I'm about to take my hat off. I I told her I said, "Yeah, she looks like she's one of the ski running." You need You need your skis. I said, "Yeah, she does. She looks young." Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. On the way over. She always looks young. Don't lag and get the cheddar popcorn. That did look good. Now that's cool right there. Yeah, there they had cheddar popcorn in there in a bag. I got that about going on. Oh, yay. Hi, Willene. That's awesome. Yeah, the wind. The wind was So, guys, go check out David's Vacation Club rentals, another amazing sponsor that we have. Go check them out at dvcrequest.com/tv. If you're wanting to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, again, check them out at dvcrequest.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's again. DVCrequest.com/tv. [Music] This is nice. We have some space. I like it. Yeah. [Music] Always a pretty view of the tree, backside of tree. Good morning, Leanne. And don't forget, guys, at 12 o'clock, we're going to be premiering my video, Dale and I's, uh, video, 10K run. So, you don't want to miss that. It'll be at 12:00 p.m. We'll chat along with you guys, and it'll send you directly over there, so you don't have to worry about how to get there. But, it's right here on this channel, Resort TV1. It's a Chip andale themed 10K, and it was it was a lot of fun. We didn't prepare for it at all. So, see how well we do and tune in to see why Dale thinks it's going to be his last race. So, check that out at 12 p.m. [Music] We got some French fries over here and some dumplings. Looks like the bird show is getting out. Hi Scott. Good morning from Daytona Beach. I Oh, there goes the ducks for a stroll. Um I have not seen the plant ladies that you're talking of. Oh, this one's like, "Wait for me. Wait for me." I'm coming. I'm coming. Don't leave me. Quack. Where'd they go? Is it a Disney dog? It is a Disney dog to find your family. Going to do Frogger. Yep. Be careful. Don't get hit. You got this. Where are you going, Frogger? Going the way. All right, keep going. I love it. So cute. Hi, Deborah. They need one called the ducker instead of the Yes, that's funny. I saw Monterey Jack from Chip andale. Yes, we got to take a picture with Monterey Jack. He is never I've literally never seen him. Um he's on the thumbnail. So after the race, they have some characters you can take pictures with. They have characters of course on the race if you want to stop for that. We didn't stop for any this time, but we did show you the characters that they had. And they're always um you know like characters that you don't see around very often. So, super fun. Good morning, Joe. Thanks, John. Glad you're excited. All right, the tigers are up here in Asia. Let's see if we can get up to 700 likes, guys. Would be pretty cool. We'll keep on popping the like button and subscribe if you're new. I'm guessing I know where you want to eat for lunch. Let's see. I think I got Where do you want to eat? Oh, no. Where do you guys want to go? You don't come that often. I'm okay. I don't mind. Yeah, I'm fine going there if that's where you want to go. The barbecue place. Yeah. Okay, sounds good to me. I figured that's where you'd want to go. And that's fine. I was going to let you guys pick cuz you don't come that much. The monkeys are being loud. [Music] Let's go see them. Being loud today. [Music] Why did you put me in here with this guy? There they are just hanging around. They're not making noises anymore. Oh, you just wonder what they're saying. I know. You want your shoulder passes? This is our home. You go away. You go away. Okay. Maybe they're saying, "Why don't you guys do something?" Yeah, exactly. Oh, they sure were. You can hear it in your surround sound. That's cool. No, John. I didn't go see the movie with Josh last night. I had other things going that day, so I wasn't able to go. I could have gone. I was invited as well, but I'm glad Josh got to go. And then I'm going to do the media event on Friday and he's not able to go to that one. So, we're kind of doing a switcheroo cuz he's got to teach. So fun. All right, let's go see some tigers. [Music] I know, right? Yeah. It is. Um, if you if you don't want to go on the taxi sale, you can get your popcorn and wait on mom and I. Thank you. There's some right out here. Oh, okay. Yeah, right over here. Well, at least there used to be. Let's check. [Music] Yeah, right there. Yep. Man, they're loud. [Music] I want to go through the T. Okay. Yep. I think so. Yeah. I don't know, but they have it. All right. Here we go. Maharaja Jungle Truck. Hey, David T. How are you? Good morning. [Music] Sound Sound like he was laughing. Got the kimono dragon over here. But he's cold. That's so cool. I'm guessing that this rock is heated cuz he is laying on there like it's nice and warm. Is there anything? It's right here, Mom. In front. She's probably honestly. Yeah, her rook is heated, so it helps with I wondered the way he was laying it looked like maybe it was heated like a heated blanket. Good, good, good, good. That's so nice. Hi, Jason. Well, they are cold bloodooded, so they need it. I would be there, too. Yeah. Mhm. A That's so cool. I love it. Cool. But we didn't know, did we? I had heard that before. Yeah, I was pretty sure. Hi, Jason. Ours at the Cincinnati Zoo are always loud, too. It's funny how they go. Oh, that's awesome. See? Oh, look. You can see his face over here. Or hers. Is that nice and warm? You going to share it with us? Yeah. No. Okay. Like having a Yeah. blanket on this mattress pad like you know. Yep. Yep. That's cool. Heating pad. I don't blame him. I wouldn't move either. Good morning. I heard that the petting zoo at Disney is closing. Um I don't know. That's a great question. I don't know if that's true or not. Yeah. Not sure. Does anybody else know in the chat? Yeah, sure was pretty cool. Mhm. Hello, Mr. Cruise Fever. work. Yep. He worked by the Tigers. Yep. Uhhuh. Yeah. Was that his college program, I think. What's that? He did the college program. Yeah, I think it was. Yeah. There go the Macaus. Fun fact, they're uh where they keep them is right behind this area. So, that's why you hear them. Yep. What event? We're covering the um Festival of the Arts opening day. Uh, see, I don't think I see any. Oh, no, there is one right up there. These are lion tail on the cat. Oh, okay. Thank you. Oh, there's two of them. Nice. Three total in there. Three. Okay. Pretty cool to watch her climb over that line there. Oh, nice. That was cool. They basically have four hands. Their uh their big toe is very extra grip. Two on the trees over here. And then our Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Very good. These are sisters. They doing uh do engage in social grooming. So Oh, cool. We will occasionally take a bug off each other. A little snack. But they are primarily a fruit eater. Oh, okay. The keepers will spread food all over the exhibit. They come down, they grab it, take it back up. Nice. One of the coolest things about them, do you see those white spots? Yeah. Basically builtin butt pads. You guys ever been to a sporting event? Bleachers. Not the most comfortable thing in the world. So you bring you bring a stadium, you bring a seat cushion. They have builtin built in. How cool is that? Well, look at that. Awesome. They don't have to carry it around. That's awesome. Thank you. I never knew that. Are they heated, too? [Music] Thank you. Thank you. That's awesome. [Music] Wait for you guys. Oh, I wish David T. That would be awesome. Thank you. We're going to come on through cuz it lags in there. Thank you, though. All right, there's tigers up here. Oh, I hear the woohoo bird already. I did. He knew you were coming. These are the bats that it just lags in there. So, I can't can't go in there. They don't like to be out of the day. Anyway, that's Alfred, the wahoo bird. Yep. I'm not seeing him yet. [Music] One day he was here and he was going along the edge of this. It was cool. Oh, walking around. Yeah. Along the edge. The baby. He's not that little anymore, but still the baby. Yeah. Or, you know, like any other parents like go to school or Hey, old Mr. Young Nude. How are you today? Hope we have a good day at work. Oh, here they are. Don't wake them up. They sleep quite a bit. That's so cool. Right here, mom. I'm not sure. I can't tell which one's the baby. Maybe the one closer to us. I see. They're both almost the same size now. Yeah, one's the mom and one's the baby. Amazing. That's really cool. Trying to stay warm. Ever so. Yeah, that is so cool. The last time we were here too, they had this giant ball that he was playing with. It was really cute. One top big, but you don't know. It's hard to tell. Yeah, maybe. Maybe. And that one was smaller. I don't know. Yep. They're both big. They're getting pretty pretty close. Oh, Louis is going there. Okay, Robert. Yeah. Don't wake the danger kitty. Know how they were fed here for That is pretty cool. Yeah, pretty cool. At least we got to see him. Robert says, "Here, kitty kitty." Got the kitty kitty. Yes, exactly. Got the cattle over here. And you hear the parrots, right? Oh yeah, their enclosure or their not enclosure but wherever they go back to where they live is back here. Okay. Hey, grandpa. Grandpa husband. All right. Well, let's go see if we see the male tiger. He's over here usually. Yeah, maybe over here. We're going to find out. Yeah, they like to squawk those macaw. So pretty. Oh, look. You can see the Oh, yeah. where they live back there. That white tent area, I think. Or white building. I can't Oh, did you hear that? I did. mail to my friend. That's a tiger. Last I saw him laying on the other side of it's a contact more than anything. He just he wants us to know that he knows there's other tiger. As if we weren't already here. Did you guys hear that? Uh I don't believe so. He was pretty well relaxed. I'm not sure I've ever heard that. That is cool. The red pavilion over here. If you look through the right hand window towards the back of the habitat, you should be able to see at least a little of it. That's right. In true cat fashion, making the humans work. That is super cool. I have I don't think I've ever heard that. Can't see them, but I know he said he was telling them that he knew there were other tigers around. Okay. He can smell them. Heard the roar of the lion one time. Yeah, I've heard a couple times. It's very cool. Yeah, but that was awesome. that too. Yes, that was super loud. That was awesome. Very cool. You said you can see him maybe on the other side around the corner. The red pavilion right hand window. Okay, cool. Thank you. Thank you. Got a good radio voice, doesn't he? Yeah, he does. That was really We heard a lot of noises today. Yeah. Woohoo. And now the wahoo bird. You can't hear anymore. Alfred, I walked outside for lunch and it's snowing. Oh no. Tim, go back this way. It's snowing in Michigan. I'm not surprised. Yeah. Tim said it just started. All right, let's see if we can see them. He's definitely making some noises. Oh, he's over there. Oh, yeah. There he is. He's laying down [Music] here. He just moved his tail. Oh, yeah. You see him? Isn't that cool? He's in the bushes way over here. Look where my Oh, I see. Oh, your camera. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I got it. He's got his tail going. Oh. That's so cool. Yep, that was him. Trying to have it. All right, here we go. Thank you, though. All right. Hello. Thank you. Oh, there went one. Thank you. All right. Where's your woohoo bird? I'm ready. Listen to my bird. He was wahooing earlier. Yeah, they are. Bunch of birdies. [Music] That's when I'll be upset. [Music] They're everywhere. What? A They're so cute. Oh, here he is. This is Alfred. Is it? Yep. That's the Woohoo. Is that the woohoo? Uh-huh. That's him. Yep. He's I think he's the biggest one. His Look, See, his tail goes all the way back there. Oh, yeah. Wow. But I don't know if he's going to make any noises for us. We heard him at least out there. We did. Yes. Hi, Alfred. Hi, Alfred. I like that. That one's really colorful. Yeah, it is. Have signs. This one looks like a a dove but different color dove. Yeah, they have those little spotting guides, Mom, that they hand out when you first walk in. Forgot about that. Yep. Walking earlier, but now all right. Bye, Alfred. Hi. Oh, woo. Woo. Oh, woo. Woo. I don't know if you heard me. Nope. Hey, buckets. There he is. Yeah. Watch. We're going to leave and he'll do it. [Music] Yeah. Hey Pickles Louise and Lee. Okay, thanks. [Music] Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. All right, we're out. Shouldn't be lagging anymore. Perfect. Yeah. Well, that was fun. Yeah. So, we got to see the tigers, and you don't always get to see them, so that was pretty cool. And to hear them. Hear them. Yeah. That was amazing. All right. So, you want to get your popcorn, Dad, and then we're going to go head to the shops. Okay. Uh Oh, up front. Up front. All right. Let me go do it. I'll run up. Andrew, you don't have to run. Just walk. We can always meet you up there. Popcorn up there, too, right? Probably. Probably. Probably. All right, let's chat about another awesome sponsor that we have. Um, we have uh let's see, dreamtable.co. dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to book those hard to get dining reservations here at Disney, um, if you can't get them, go to dreamtable.co. And all you have to do is put in all the information. and you know the place you want to go, the number of people, the date, all the things, the time, and then they'll notify you whenever it becomes available. So, you don't have to keep going back to the app to check to check to check. They'll notify you. And as soon as they notify you, they don't make the reservation for you. They just let you know, and then you go into the app and make that reservation yourself. So, again, dreamtable.co or you can go get it on the app store on your phone. The monkeys are still hanging around. We also have uh Disney Demystified and Behind the Ride. Disney Demystified and Behind the Ride, guys. Um these are two books on Amazon by David Mumpower. So cute. Hi, Aaron. [Music] scratching his head. Got a little itch. Oh my goodness. People are getting on Cali River. I bet it's a walk on. [Music] It's probably why they're riding it. Yeah. So again, Disney Demystified Behind the Ride. You can get these books on Amazon. You can get the ebook, the hard coverver copy. There's even an audio book. We're right here, Dad. We were chilling. He's happy. Is it good? Yeah. All right. Here, let me get you all get both your pictures right here. Ready? One, two, three. Got it. So, again, Disney demystified over here. I give you a popcorn. Get you a popcorn. That's right. Um, and behind the ride by Div Power, guys, learn all the things, all the Disney knowledge that you could ever want to know. And also, um, learn about how your favorite rides were created that's behind the ride. That's a good plan. Dad said no. It's funny. appetizer. I know. Aren't they cute? Look at this lion. This is so fun. Uhhuh. Very cool. Trying to remember the name of the book. Okay, cool. Yeah. If you Wow. And if you never remember, um, you can always go into the description of any of our live streams and it'll tell you right there as well. So, that'll help you help out. Okay, let's see here, guys. As we're walking around, I do want to Don't go anywhere. We're not end in the stream yet, but I keep forgetting this, so I want to do it now while I remember. I want to thank our awesome platinum members of the channel. We like to thank them and try to every stream, but man, I've been forgetting. So, I've been rusty, but I remembered, so I'm going to do it now. So, we have uh Bo uh Bayou B total Care Tom uh Amy Moore Grey Rose Adventures Big Guy One Tiffany Mertz Love Go Mini Diane 515 Jack Sparrow Sorcerer Mickey William Lily My Crazy Grown-Up Life Chuck Polly The Amazing Jayla Moxley Skander Dani Will Miller Christopher Black James Han Ali Paris and Alan J. Thank you so much to our awesome platinum members of the channel. All of our members of the channel, all of our Patreon members as well as hoppers. Moppers, boppers and shoppers. We're going to be shoppers here pretty soon. We're going to the store. Uhoh. Dad said, uhoh, you like to shop. What are you talking about? [Laughter] You like to shop? Yeah, they did. They had a boat ride here when it first opened and it would go around the whole place. There wasn't a lot to see, but they did have someformational things while you were on the boat. They brought things around. Yeah, it was a relaxing boat ride, but hot in the summer. So hot. Yeah. That's right. Take a quick break and bop that like button. Mickey and Minnie have a 30-minute wait, even though it does not look 30 minutes. It looks like there's no line. And then they got some food over here. Baked mac and cheese with pulled pork, buffalo chicken chips. Yeah. And they also have churros. The churros smell good. We're really close to 700 likes, though. If you've not bopped it, we'd really appreciate it. It does help YouTube know you're enjoying the stream. Also want to say hello to all of our Ninja watchers. Thanks, Ninja Watchers. We appreciate you guys. And our replay watchers. Lots of yummy stuff. I think they're orapas. Is that how you call them? I think that's what they're called. Yeah. Mac and cheese with pul pork. It's so good. If you've never had it. All right. You want to go to the shop? I know. Look at all the Zootopia stuff because of the new Zootopia show. Uhhuh. Right. I haven't even seen it yet. I got to go see it. Yeah. Shopping at Disney can be dangerous. It's true. True. Yeah, I did. Yeah. Okay, we're going to go into this shop. Zootopia says 10 minutes. The line to meet the Zootopia characters is really long, though. All right. Oh, the Zootopia show is right where the Bugs Life used to be. So now it's Zootopia. So it's under the tree or in the tree, however you want to look at it. Oh, that's awesome, Rebecca. Thank you. [Music] What did they do to these guys? Look at Pua. Pua the pig. Cute. Yeah. Hi, Amy. My class and I are watching. Oh, hello class. Thanks for watching. What? Remind me what grade you teach. Where's Kevin? Oh, that's right. Kevin's a girl. That's right. Oh my goodness. There he is. Oh yeah. Did you hear about what I told you guys what happened and I didn't tell the chat though. So if you guys were watching Magical Monday, I bought one of these. It was a different one, but they had the Pluto with the little French beret. And I was so excited cuz that was the one I wanted. I attached him to my bag, wore them around the rest of the day. I was heading out and all of a sudden I was like, "Where's Pluto?" Lost him. A I lost Pluto. I was so sad. Like look at him. Look at his little tongue. He's pretty cute. I might have to try another one. $17.99. The problem, you know, you don't know which one you're going to get. That's the problem. Yep. But you could be lucky and get them. You could be. You could be. You could be. You never know. But w sad. Yeah, guys, let me switch over to Wi-Fi. Look, look at Domator. He's got like off-road and wheels. Oh, I know. That's cool. It was so sad, wasn't it? Remote control truck waiting. Yeah, I got Pluto, but I lost him. So sad. [Music] I like how empty it is in here. Those new ears. Oh, okay. Yep. It always lags. I know. Aren't they fun? Yeah. Got the right color. Yeah. I have not filled out a lost and found form yet. I guess I should. What's over here? Oh, ears. I was hoping you said that you found them because my last trip to Florida a few weeks ago, I left my backpack on the plane. The next day, it was still there. Oh my goodness. That is very lucky. Goodness. You don't want to lose that. Look at all the stitch. Oh my goodness. There's so many stitches. All the stitches. Stitch city. Yep. All the stitch. Dad said Stitch City. Stitchy. Stitchy land. It is Stitchy Land. Look at him. He's all nice and cuddly and sleepy. Just a kids one. That's a kids. They do have an adults, but I don't see it. Yeah, it's cute. I know. Ain't that cute? Yeah, it wouldn't hurt. I should fill it out. I did go to some lost and founds and see if it had been turned in. It had not. Mickey Mouse Club. I know that looks like you, Mom. I know. You know, I can vaguely remember watching it. Yeah. But still, I watched it, too, when uh Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake were on there. Y Christina Aguilera. Yeah, I don't remember her. I mean, I remember her, but I don't remember watching when she was on. I don't think I was alive yet. No, you probably were. Oo, look. They have the chocolate chip ones and they're tiny. They're like little ones. They look great. Yep. The shirt is very cute, isn't it? Very, very cute. Yeah. Guys, in about 13 minutes, we're going to be sending you over to the premiere vlog. Oh my goodness. Look at the hund Look at the 101 donations. So cute. And then we got the 3D 3D Mickey. Oh, that's cute. That's adorable. There's some cute ones in here today. Oh, this is fun. Honorary pen trader. They have some new ones. Honorary Mickey Mouse Club member. Here's an Animal Kingdom one. I've not seen before. Walt Disney World pen. Oh, there he is. So many fun new pens. Look at the safari. That is cool. Awesome. Hi, Dina Disney. What'd you find? You found something. Oh, those are cute. Look at those. Those are fun. How much for the pack of five? 20. $3. Your mom would say 22.9 22. Not bad. No. Might as well. Remember when it's only a penny, you might as well round up. I know. I always look for pens when we used to. Oh, I remember. Always. Yep. Those are cute. There's your coloring book you got one time, Mom. Yes. At Disney Springs. Yep. Yep. You were coloring on one the other day. Hey, my crazy life. How are you? Remember? Oh, look at this. This is new. A tree of life succulent. That's cool, isn't it? Will somebody pick it up for me and see how much it is? It's probably on the bottom. Yeah. Thanks. You read it, sweetie. See it? 30. $54.99. Yep. $54.99. I figured it's pretty big. And it's got white heavy. That is really fun. It's got the animals carved into the bottom. Yeah, that is super cool. Yeah. 20. Exactly. 20% off. This is cute. Park days and lattes. That's me. 100% me. Yes. If it were in a regular cup, I would get it. But I don't use these kind very often. No. Like if it were a mug, that would be add to cart immediately. Add to cart. Yeah. Good morning. Great to see you. Great to see you, too. [Music] Did you get stuck? Animal Kingdom cup. Oh, did you see a cup? Okay, cool. [Music] I'm sure the animal kingdom. The white one down there. One's very cool, too. It's kind of like a map. Oh, you're right. There we go. Very cool. Yeah. [Music] [Music] pretties. Yep. I like pretties. Oh, I like these. The balloons. Aren't those fun? That's very cute. My favorite tree is the money tree. Oh, yes. Da actually got one of the money trees. [Music] Oh, I spotted some new earrings. We got to look at these. Oh, fun. Look at the dole whip. That's so cute. Oh my goodness, these are fun. I have a pair like these, but they're a lot smaller. Yeah, those are cute. Emerald. $24.99. What are these supposed to be? Like strawberries, I guess. Yeah, I bet. Do Whhip. We've got Small World and then teacups. Those are cute. Look, it looks like they're pouring tea out. I would get that. But you don't really wear the danglies, do you? I don't. Otherwise, so cute. Those are 30. The Dole Whip is also 30. What' you find? Oh, that's cute. The balloon bag. Yes. But I like blind bag. Lightweight. Lightweight. Yeah, those are lightweight until you put things in them. Captain Obvious. That's funny. Buy a watch. He likes those watches. He does like watches. Yep. He does. He does. Oh, that's an old camera. Yeah. You'll be shopping for some food earrings when I go. Those are cute, aren't they? dining at Disney. I thought those were fun. [Music] They apparently got a smaller version of this Mickey Mouse bag. I haven't seen it yet. They're getting They have a smaller version of this Mickey Mouse bag, which is kind of fun. I just haven't seen it yet cuz those are giant. Yeah, they are. You could maybe fit mom in there. Almost fit you in there. A These are cute. If you put magnet on your But you don't put magnets on your fridge. Or maybe you do. I don't know. We haven't been. No, we used to. A That's cute. Yeah. Yes, we wore those. They were amazing. Yep. Mom and dad got those for Dale and I. They were super awesome. And that's going to be in the vlog coming up at 12:00 p.m. Great segue, right? Great segue. Good job, Dad. In about seven minutes. Yeah, they were great. And they kept my legs a little bit warmer. Yeah, cuz I g Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. A That's awesome. Great meeting you. Your fridge doesn't hold them. Okay. You have way more willpower than I I've already seen so many things. cuz I had to cart. You have to when you come here a lot. It's exactly Otherwise, you have no money. Work three jobs. Yep. You have no money and also nowhere to put it. Yeah. Okay. Then maybe if I can't get that Wishable, I'll get him. Oh, yeah. Cuz you know, you can get him. That's true. He's $16.99. So, it's not the same price, a little less, but a little less. Dollar less. But you know, we're going to get it. Mhm. You're going to get it. There's three There's three left. Add to cart. Cute. Yeah. That will it stay on your Yep. On your It'll clip on so I will not lose him. So that'll be an add to cart. That's cute. Add to cart. Nowhere to put it is a problem. This is true. This is true. Look at this cup. Holy moly. That is massive. So, yeah, I think that's one I'm going to go buy that. So, cute. They've got all the ears that you could ever want. I know. Isn't that massive? I was going to say that's bigger than the others. It's pretty, but it's massive. No kidding. You get a lot of drink in that. It's going to be really good. I guess if you're you're going to work and you need water all day. That's Yeah. You know, you wouldn't have to fill it up. Not. Yeah. Love seeing your parents. Glad uh glad you guys are close. I miss my parents. A sorry, James. Yeah. No, I'm glad mom and dad were able to come today. Yay. They've got Valentine ears down here. Oh, they do. Mhm. Lucky I can't wear and ear holders. These are fun. and you attach to your bag. And then if you don't want to wear the ears, you just put them on here. Yeah. The hoodies. Yeah, those are nice. Mhm. They look warm. 2026 merch over here. All the 2026 merch. I love all this merch. Goes with my new ears I wore the other day. Gotcha. Manoa Jin at Disney said, "Your parents are adorable." They are. I agree. We're not cold now. No. No. Not cold. All right. Well, let's make our way over to the barbecue place. Okay. I want to see the animal. Yeah, it's not bad. Yeah. Isn't that pretty? Probably like 58 or 60. I know. And I was like, 67, it says. So, maybe it's gotten a little better. Yeah. So guys, don't forget we're going to be switching you over here in just a couple minutes to my premiier vlog, Chip and Dale 10K. You don't want to miss it. And you can chat along with us. Go over there already. Go hit the like button. You can already start chatting if you want. And then as soon as we um say goodbye on the stream, I'll be right over there chatting with you guys as well. Zootopia. Yeah, it's Zootopia. Fun, right? [Music] Sorry guys, I forgot to take you off the Wi-Fi. There we go. I got a salad from the flame stream a few weeks ago. It is my new favorite thing. Oh, I look that up. Let's go over here. [Music] [Music] We're going to eat here. We're going to mobile order, but we're going to go find a spot. smells so good. [Music] Let's go um find a table. Hi, Lucas. Yep. Josh will be here on Friday. Not here, but on the stream. [Music] All right, guys. Well, thanks for joining us. Bop the like button, leave a comment after the stream, and head on over to join us for the premiere vlog. We're going to go ahead and say goodbye and send them to the premiere and we'll chat with you guys over there. All right, guys. Again, thanks for joining. This was fun. Thanks to mom and dad for hanging out today and we'll see you in the premiere over on the 10k vlog. All right guys, so for now have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. [Music] [Music] again. leading the
