---
video_id: tyrNeMQjLFY
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Magical Monday at the Monorail Resorts - 4-6-26 - Walt Disney World Live Stream"
published: 2026-04-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyrNeMQjLFY
---
Happy birthday. Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live here for Magical Monday at the Magic Kingdom and the Magic Kingdom Resorts. Welcome in, guys. Before we get too far into the video, I want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all the social media. We're Resort TV1 on all the thank yous. >> And surprise, we decided to start in the Magic Kingdom this morning. I want to go over and check on Buzz Lightyear, see if it's open since I haven't done it yet. And if not, we can take a morning ride on the people mover. Hi. >> Hey, Glenn. Hey, Amy. >> Yeah, look at this. >> Max is here and Mara. Miss Disney fan. And my apologies for being a little late. Traffic was insane today. So, sorry guys. Um, yeah, little late, but you know, can't be helped sometimes. We got here as quick as we could, and I didn't even have time to go over and tell everybody I'm going to be late. So, I was that get here, park, and get over to the Magic Kingdom. So, hi Craig's Robotics. Hi, Mary. It is a gorgeous morning today. As you can tell, it is very, very busy. Main Street is packed. I'm hoping that Buzz Lightyear is open. Sharon said she was here yesterday and it was not open. I do have Sharon here with me today. cute new Mickey ears that we got what a week ago or no Wednesday. >> It was Wednesday. >> Yeah, cuz we were at Epcot on >> it does. >> That's right. >> Last Monday. >> Wednesday. >> And don't worry guys, we are going to be going to the Magic Kingdom Resorts right after this. So, all the pictures. >> I guess we can cut that way, huh? Since we're going to go towards >> Main Street weren't here yesterday morning >> are here this morning. That's so true. >> Yeah, Sharon said it was uh >> weirdly slow. Um >> yeah, >> low crowds >> holiday >> for Easter. Now it got busy as the day went on and then >> we went home. >> Yeah, there you go. Hi Scott. Hi Amy. Craig Robotics is here. Yes. Nothing better than walking down Main Street, USA >> and getting a taste of sunscreen. That was delicious. >> Too funny. Hi, Catalina, Tracy, Vicky, Ann, AJ, Fox. Hello. Hello. >> Well, yeah. We don't know if it's going to be open, but we thought let's try it. And if it's not, we'll just go on People Mover cuz >> Oh, darn. You can't beat that in the morning, right? Hi Jeff, how are you? Good morning from sunny England. Oh, I'm glad you guys have some sun. Hi Bonnie, how are you today? Bop the like and subscribe if you're new. Hi Diana. >> Yeah, and when we're done here, we'll probably just walk over to the Contemporary and start our loop around the resorts. Hi, Jen. Our Easter was good. Thank you, Jacob. How was everybody else's Easter? You guys have a good day yesterday. >> Stitchy. >> There we go. >> Hello. So cute. Yes, people mover is always a good alternative. Hi, Le and Robin. >> Hi Mike. Who is that? >> All right. Oh, I see either Chip or Dale. I can't tell. >> I also cannot tell if Buzz is open yet. We're going to going to find out. Oh, there's people. I think it's open. I think so, too. Oh, yay. >> Wait, this is like a >> Oh, a preview. >> Yeah. >> No, I think it's open. >> I think it is, too. >> Sweet. There is a line to see what it looks like. >> Yep. Let's go check it. It's a little longer than I was expecting, but I guess because of the resort guests, they got in early. Everybody's like, "Oh, it's open. >> It's open." Yeah. >> Ah, 20 minutes. Let's do it. >> Yeah, let's do it. >> Perfect. It's all right, guys. We're gonna we're gonna go in here. This is going to be awesome. >> Let's see. We have music. Uh Freaky Sheep. Um congrats on 22 months of resort hopper bronze. Hi, Jenna and Sharon. Uh afternoon from the UK. I'm so happy I can join you live. It's been a while. Always hosting replays, but it's nice to be live. A I'm glad you were able to watch live today. Thanks for being a member for so long. Appreciate that. >> Okay. Well, this is my first time on here, so I'm so excited. >> Hi, Lisa. >> Hi, Indiana. So, I have no idea what is like a target, a high value target or anything. >> Okay. >> I did I did see on somebody's video that like if it lights up like a rainbow >> a rainbow that's like random on different like the same targets. >> Gotcha. You know, you know how on the old one we knew which targets were high. I don't know if it still works. H I think Josh said they've all changed >> for the high value. I could be totally wrong, but he did Josh did say he got Galactic Hero on Saturday. Is that right, guys? >> So, he's already master. >> Of course he has. It's Josh. It's Josh. Have I seen the new Kermit and Magic Kingdom ears? Yes, I've seen pictures. Good morning, Tim. How are you? Well, I'm excited to check this out. my first time. Hey, John. Hello. Uh to all the Disney lovers. It's gonna be a hot day today. That's fine. >> It's warm. But we also have a chance of rain. So >> all week long. Exactly. >> Every day. >> Uh-huh. It is true. >> Every single day. >> I don't know if it was Tuesday or Wednesday. said 100% chance of not like oh you know 70% >> well Friday went down so Friday now it's only at 20% >> okay that's really good for the rest of the week lots of rain >> hello if you can dream it how are you welcome in hey Vicki hey uh just love Disney good morning oh awesome Max yeah I haven't seen it at All >> Tim is back home. He was in Dollywood. >> Yes. >> He said he doesn't like being home and working for the record. >> I get it. >> Get that. Tim, >> I'm excited to hear how >> Yeah, me too. I mean, he told me a little bit. Um, they got to ride everything >> even though it was busy and uh >> Oh, yeah. >> Sounds like sounds like he had a great time. >> Hi, Pat and Jeff. So, we got in line. Oh, probably like 2 minutes ago. So, it hasn't been that long. Maybe 9:15, something like that. Keep track of how long it is cuz I'm curious if you can book a lightning lane yet. Wednesday. >> Uh-huh. Yeah, you probably could book one for Wednesday. That I bet. So, >> it seems like when they're in the testing phase, the lightning lane doesn't seem to always work. Yeah, >> unless maybe you have a dash pass or um it would be a good idea for them to also test that. >> Yeah, totally. >> Exactly. Hi, Robert. How are you today? Oh, I think they opened another lane. Wow. Hi, I am excited. Normally wouldn't wait in line for something >> right away, but you know, when it's something new, I'm all for it. >> Oo, Tim said he brought some of that cinnamon bread home. The famous >> cinnamon bread. It looked so good. Thanks for 257 likes. Oh, look at them. They're putting up way more. >> Oh, wow. >> It's going to get busy. >> Oh, you're the expert on this. Okay. >> I assumed it would. >> Stitch meets back here, but not yet. Hi, Meredith. Good morning, Paul. How are you? And guys, if you missed my Disney Springs vlog, I uh posted it yesterday. And um yeah, we got to see what was new in the month of April at Disney Springs. Oh, look. We both have this >> in our polish. I love that. That's crazy. >> That's funny cuz when I picked this color, I was like, "This looks a little bit like a good spring." >> Yeah. Well, you know what I like about this one that I just I mean, I got to figure out how to use it. >> I got a new nail polish thing with an uh LED. It's gel. I put this on on Wednesday. No chips yet, >> right? Which for doing nails yourself, that's really good. I've never had it last this long. It just really >> Yes. The little LED uh lamp. Anyways, talking nails this morning. >> Really important things. >> Of course. I mean, >> yeah, you got to have the right nail color. enjoying the MK magic and about to make banana and blueberry pancakes. Oh, yum. Sounds good. >> We're coming over. She said she'd save us some. Hi, Mato. Hello, sweet Joy. >> Share out the stream everybody. See how long this takes us. Pancakes right now, >> right? I know. >> I mean, I had breakfast, but you know, >> same, but I could always go for some paintings. Uh, what kind is it? So, I found them on Amazon. They are um nail markers, but they're not the kind that you do like designs with, cuz they have those. These are actual paint your nail markers. I forget what brand they are. Uh, not sponsored, but I like that they last so long, but they they went on a little streaky. So, I've got to figure out how to make them not streaky. You don't notice until I like kind of >> You don't Okay, >> until I like turn it a little bit, you can kind of see. Hi, how are you? >> Doing good. Oh, thank you so much. Thank you. Are you having fun today? >> Awesome. Did you just ride? Yes. >> Ah, my first time. I can't wait. >> Yeah. Okay, cool. My wrist is getting tired. >> I bet. I bet. You want to say hi? >> Yeah, we do. >> Yeah. >> Hello. Where are you guys from? >> We're from New Jersey. >> Okay, cool. >> Thank you. Awesome. >> Have fun today. See you later. >> Yeah. Thank you. >> I know. Totally should have. Yeah, we're standing here longer than I thought, >> which is good. Then we got to chat with them. Sometimes in line you don't get to chat very long, but >> we are on the final turn, though. >> Oo, the final countdown before we get in the building. >> Yes. Love that. >> This is how my granddaughters do their nails. Their nails stay nice and long. Yeah. With a little LED lamp. LED lamp. >> I was like lamp. I don't know. could have got like LED. >> I know. Their dresses were so cute, weren't they? >> And they came to the resort hopper that um somebody I I cannot remember their names cuz they messaged Josh um had gifted me a stitchy little like you know tennis athletic skirt. It's so cute. It fits perfectly. >> Um so thank you again uh whoever did that. I'll have to ask Josh again >> who it was and uh they wanted to give it to me in person but it didn't work out so they left it at the Polly and Josh went and picked it up um they were staying there and Josh was at Magic so he went and picked it up for me. >> That's really nice. >> That was very sweet of Josh. >> Yes, it was nice of him. >> Interesting. >> Now there's like no line. >> So do you think they cut off the >> or they've got more over here? I think they opened up another one over here. weird. >> I think the big rush just, you know, came and then Yeah, >> it's obviously Well, I don't be on the app as far as like times. >> Let's look. Let's check. >> It said 15. No, they said 20. 20. Well, let's look if it's on the app. >> Hi, Meredith. on spring break in Hilton Head. Considering visiting the HHIVC resort this week for the science of shopping, of course, Meredith, I think you should. We were just talking about Hilton Head. >> Yes, we were. >> We are just >> Yes, that was that was Wednesday if you guys don't know. But um I would love to go. I've never actually been to Head ever. >> I hear good things. This canopy is not new. No, this has been here. >> Yeah, >> that hand feels good though. >> Does feel good. >> Well, it's only been about 10 minutes. Not quite. Got wet. >> Something's stripping. Some condensation. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. It was very nice of Josh, wasn't it? I think when we get back home, >> I heard Josh got stuck on Haunted Mansion for 30 minutes on Saturday evening. Were you guys watching the stream? Let me know. Still listed as closed in a reverb. Okay, so it's still in its soft opening phase. >> Okay. Yep. >> The official opening is a Wednesday. Hi, Julia. Thank you so much. About to head inside. >> So, this has been closed since what? >> Was it Halloween or before Halloween? So, I feel like we didn't get to ride it during Halloween parties. >> I could be wrong. If somebody remembers, let me know. When did this close to get refurb? >> True. That is true, Lisa. I saw some video of that. This scary doors are new. >> I bet we thanks Candy. Hope you have a magical Monday as well. August been closed since August 4th. Wow. >> That's crazy. >> I was pretty sure it was before the um Halloween parties >> cuz I like to ride it during the Halloween parties cuz there's not as many people and then I could see where my laser >> Yes. >> All right. Yeah. August. Okay. >> Crazy. >> Yeah. All right, we'll ride this then people mover and then we'll head to the resort. This is one of my favorite aliens. Um, the one that's got his tongue out. See, he's pressing a button. He's like, I got this. >> I got this, guys. Hi, Daryl. Hi uh dude to tell Dela Tim. Oh my goodness. How did you almost forget it? Guys, don't be like Tim. Pop the like button. Resort TV resort. >> Yeah, that's it. >> Yeah, >> I love the stars. >> I had these in my bedroom when I was young in the old. >> Were these walls? >> Nope. >> I feel like these were also just the metal. These are new. >> Yeah, these are 100% new. Yeah, good point. >> Yeah, it's over here. Yeah, I think you're right. Yeah, these are new. >> Man J, thank you for totes boppinging the like button. She said, I tot the like button. >> I tot like years ago. Love it. Did you hear stars when you had these and they glow after you? >> I did. And so it was back in the day of popcorn ceiling. Do you remember that? >> Yes. >> So they they stay, but every once in a while they fall >> cuz of the popcorn ceiling. >> Good old popcorn ceiling. >> Got to love that. >> I remember when we um did some like remodeling of our house. >> Yeah. They had the guy take all the popcorn off the whole thing. >> The whole thing like you had to like like Dale painted it. >> He painted it. >> Um he just did the places where they worked and it matched. >> It should Yeah. That's hard to do the matching. Well, it's good paint, so it doesn't fade very much, I think, cuz um forget um is it bear, I think, is when you use bear paint. Okay, >> so um anyway, yeah, from um I think it's from Home Depot. >> These are new, too. I think >> I think so, too. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Oh, Manoa J says they didn't fall. They were shooting stars. >> Exactly. That's so true. >> Welcome in if you're just joining us. Um we are in line for Buzz Lightyear. We're going to ride this and then people mover and then we're going to head to the Magic Kingdom Resort. >> Oh my god. We might bop into the emporium. >> It's kind of the law. If you're here, you got to go in. >> I think that's how they want you to exit, right? That's it. >> The emporium. >> Mhm. >> That's the Yep. That's protocol. >> I'm sticking with that story. >> Yeah. >> A I love that. That's so cool. You and your fiance's first ride. That's amazing. After you got engaged. >> Oh, hi Buzz. >> What's up, dude? Sounds good, Buzz. >> You got this. >> He sounds a little different. >> Oh, two. Thank you. >> We've been in line about 15 minutes. >> I love that, Rebecca. That's amazing. >> Yeah, guys, we just have to go in here and we're on the ride. I'm so excited. Yay. You can pick up your gun, right? >> I know. >> So, >> I'm excited. >> Are you going to hold that in one hand and pick up the gun in the other hand? >> I guess so. Yes. And then you drive. You drive. >> Okay. You got this. >> So, I apologize in advance if I suddenly turn. >> You're all good. >> There may be. >> No worries. >> Hi, Ashley. >> Aim for the Z. >> Oh, this is so exciting. I know Josh has done this, but I haven't yet. So, yay. >> It smells new. >> I feel like they just repainted them and then put new screens and new guns. New guns. Yep. >> So cool. >> This seems new and fresh, too. >> Josh said to get the white targets. Okay. >> Oh, the white targets. Not the rainbow Targets. >> I don't know. >> I mean, really, any Target. I'll be happy if I get a Target. >> Same. >> Same. Same. It does have like a new car smell. >> Uhhuh. >> That looks very nice in here. The colors are really nice. >> Yeah. So nice. >> So, apparently it sucked. I know. Soft opening and we got on really quick. Hopefully we're almost there. >> There we go. Ah, perfect. >> Love it. >> Good morning, cowboy Brad. The flashing white. Okay, she might. Okay, >> this is my first time, so I don't know. >> It's going to be a >> Don't judge us. >> Yeah, don't judge us. It's going to be trial and error, but we'll try our best. >> All right, it's mission time for your training. Always remain seated. >> Lily, wait for us at the end. Let's do this right here. Watch the step. >> All right, we did it. >> It work. All right, cool. Here we go, guys. >> Look, I can pick up my gun and move it around. Oh, wait. I got to do that with my right hand. Hang on. >> Okay. How does this work? >> Oh, got the stick. Make sure. >> Oh, this is way easier. >> Oh my word. This is so much easier. You can feel it. >> Yep. >> I got that one. It was flashing white. >> I'm going to get the doggy. You can't. >> Thank you. >> I got it. I got it. >> Man, this builds up your muscles. >> I know. You have to get like right in the center, I guess. Yeah. Oh, here we go. No one can stop me. >> That was easy. >> Wow. Wow. Okay. You're doing good, Sharon. Okay. Oh, there's more here. No way. >> Oh, they're definitely new. >> They are definitely new. >> All right. What? Oh, what's this? >> Mine's very tired. >> Okay. This is so cool. Oh no. Oh my word. I did. >> Man, I hit that LIKE FIVE TIMES. OH, I GOT IT. >> All right, I think we're done. >> Okay, that was fun. Great work. >> I think that was pretty good for the first time not knowing what we're doing. >> I agree. >> This was not as easy as the last one. >> Okay. >> We have to be like really precise. >> I feel like >> it depends. So, >> I don't know. >> All right. I think this is all the same. Yeah. Let's see what Oh, we're planetary pilot. Okay. >> Holy moly. It goes up to a million. >> It goes Yeah. Like I don't think it stops. >> Wow. >> You can just keep going. So, I think it's easier as in I can see my dot clearly. >> I can tell if it's hitting the target, >> but I think >> Thank you. >> So, I think that part is easier. However, when you're Oh, how fun. >> I'm so We're like really conscious. >> Yes, we are. Number five. >> Oh, I see. That's new also. >> Oh, wait. Yeah, number five. >> Weird. >> Yeah. So, again, >> it's easier to see your target. However, you you've got to really get it in the middle for it to >> get the points. So, that's that makes it a little harder. Yeah. But all in all, super fun. >> Also, I don't know about you, but I felt like my dot was in the middle, but it didn't always light up. Agreed. >> So, I don't know if there's like a delay or if only one person can be >> Yeah. I think too it would be easier without the gimbal, obviously. >> My hand was very tired of >> um and I could have switched hands, you know, halfway through. However, >> my hand did get tired holding the >> But that was so cool. It was really fun. I'm glad we had to do it. >> Really bright. >> Also, >> you can pick the gun up. >> I felt like some of the targets felt really close for some reason. >> Yes, I agree. >> Then there were some new ones in um the the escape hatch and then in the tunnel area. >> In the tunnel area. >> That was cool. >> And there was it would spit out new targets in that sort of space area. >> Yep. And it didn't even take that long. Stitchy. >> Hi, Stitchy. A >> big ear. >> Oh, he loves the ears. I am. Yeah. Is it? Aren't you the cutest ever? I know. I love you. >> Okay, that's really >> I love you so much. You're my favorite. >> Could that be a holiday costume? >> Yes. Yes. Yes, please. I would love that. I will come and find you. >> I might know where your keys are. This little one. She has you all. >> Maybe one of those pictures. >> Walk away. >> What's this? >> That's so cute. >> So guys, you didn't see cuz I didn't show you, but I I got this stitchy Dalmatian today and he loved it. >> A Okay, that was that made my day. >> So cute. >> You never know who you're going to see. around the park. >> All right. I got to go to the bathroom so bad. Um, do you want to >> Yeah, we got stuck in traffic. So, >> do you need to go first or >> um I can go first? >> Yeah. Yeah, go for it. Yep. I'll be in the Star Traders >> hanging out, shopping, acting all cool, shooting some Bball outside at the school. >> A Thank you, Disney files. Love that. So anyway, all in all, what a fun ride. I think it's better than the old one. Um, just cuz you can pick up the gun and see your target. However, it is you got to get used to it again. I was just getting used to the old one just recently. So, uh, we'll get used to it and it'll be all good to go. Thanks, Tracy. I know. Oh, I love the roaming characters. It's the best ever. You don't have to go and wait in a line if you don't want to. >> Yeah. Nice to meet you, too. What's your name? >> Justin. >> Nice to meet you, Dustin. That's awesome. Do you want to say hi on the street? >> Justin, where are you from? >> Street, South Carolina. >> Awesome. I love your shirt. That's so cool. Nice to meet you. >> You, too. Have a good day. >> All right, guys. This is new. This purple Loungefly. Very pretty. They had this in pink. >> Hi, Anthony. Hi, Greg. This is new as well. I really want Dale to buy this. Should I just buy it for him? I'm going to show it to him. He's going to be like, I have one. I don't need it. I can already hear. But it's so cool. These are new. We've got like a teal, yellow, pink, and blue. Hi, Bryce. Okay. I thought you could just hold the trigger. I tried and it wasn't working very well. So, I'll I'll have to go again. Like I said, first try. We'll go more and I'll get the hang of it. I love him so much. What's this? >> Oh, feels good in here. It's starting to get warm out there today. >> Hi. >> He is adorable. >> Thank you. I just saw Stitch and he loved him, too. >> What's that? I'm hoping they offer. >> Yes. Yeah, I hope so, too. >> They have these guys. Oh, they got Pascal back. So, if you guys wanted Pascal, he's back. They're all so cute. How do you choose? Stitch Yoda. Baby Yoda. Grou, in fact. Um, and they do still have the plushy headband. So, if you guys are wanting one, they do have them. They're $ 13.99. They're the ones that uh Sharon has on today. Hey, Shadow Dragon. >> They have the headband, which is very cute. >> Yeah, we got quite a few. >> Oh, what's this? This is new. >> This caught my eye. Oh, that's so cute. >> Isn't that cute? >> Love that. >> I love the little frill around. Oh my goodness. The front is adorable. >> Yeah. >> This would be so cute with this dress. >> Yes. >> If it was chilly. >> Mhm. >> Which? >> Yeah. Or if you lived in a climate where it cooled down at night. >> Exactly. All right, guys. Say hi to Shar and I will be right back. Thank you. >> Good morning. Yep, that is a very cute jean jacket. Let's see if we can find a price tag. There we go. It is $89.99. Basically $90 before AP discount. Oh, yes. And the dress. >> Here you go, Moninoa J. I don't know if you can see it. >> Super cute. Got a little ruffle, you know, like two ruffles basically. And I'm guessing shorts. Yep. It's got built-in shorts with little pocket for your phone. Hi, Miss Disney Tan. Good morning, everyone. Sorry if I missed your your hello. The chat was going a little fast. Hello, Emara. Yeah, the hat is really cute. Just this whole line is really cute. Oh, and so Monoa J. I didn't want to block that other person who was looking at this. The price of the dress is $69.99. So $70. Yep. It does have a lining. It has a lining on the top and the shorts built into the bottom. So, that's pretty. Uh, yes. Add to cart. That would look really cute on Jenna. I agree. I like this sweater, too, which would also look cute with that dress. >> Good morning, Amy. >> Yeah, I'm curious if they have that on Shop Disney. Sometimes we see things in the store that are not on Shop Disney yet. Sometimes there's things on Shop Disney that aren't in the store yet. This top is really cute, also. Yeah, this whole line is just really, really cute. I like this hat, too. Oh, yeah. And they have the dress on a mannequin there, so you can kind of get a an idea. And they have it with that pink sweater. Super cute. >> We're looking at all these cute things. >> I know. There's so many. >> This dress would look really good on you. And I agree. >> A thank you. It's a very cute dress. Really cute. It's got the lining top and the shorts. Ooh, nice. >> So, and this has got the the phone pocket. I mean, really, this could be a cute run Disney dress. >> True. Actually, that would be a cute princess dress. >> All right. Shall we people mover it? Sure. >> Let's move the people. >> People mover. >> This is cute, too. >> These are so cute. These dresses. >> These are all her universe. That is adorable. >> The really cute sweater with it. >> Oh my goodness. If you live in a climate where you can wear sweater still. >> Oh my goodness. >> That's adorable. Good job, Disney. Good job. >> I think this is all her universe. >> That is so cute. >> She's making some really cute ones. And I also think Dale needs that. >> I agree. >> Yep. Add to cart, Dale. It's a Dale shirt. >> It is a Dale shirt. >> Yeah, he has one, but you know, it's different. >> Yeah. I mean, can always have more. All right, guys. It is people mover time. and then we'll stroll down Main Street USA, head out to the resorts. Thanks for joining us this morning on a magical Monday. Hope you're having a good start to your week. I know some people get this day off cuz it's like Easter Monday, you know. >> Maybe that's why traffic was bad. A lot of people decided to come in today. >> Yeah, could be. I know all the schools are in session today, but some people get the day off. A lot of people over in the UK said it's a bank holiday, so they get the day off in the UK. >> Let's do it. Yeah, let's go move those people. >> Lightyear still is not that bad. You know what helps, at least right now, is there's no lightning, so it's like almost constantly moving. >> Yeah, it's 20 minutes. That's not bad at all. people mover. There is no line. So, we love that. >> Yeah, that's not better at all. >> No, it's actually less than anyway. >> Debating doing it again. >> I know. >> Ah, let's do people mover. We are We just did it. If it's like that when we get off, we can ride it again. >> Come on. I love that. >> Morning. walking on. >> Uh, her Universe website has all of those dresses. >> Okay, cool. It's a public holiday in the UK. Oh, cool. Jeff, nice. >> I get the day off from work in Ontario. Very nice. >> Hi, Rita. Hi, Thomas. Hi, Tom. Tom Tug guy. I love that name. That's so cute. Gracias. Step into the car. For your safety, please. So guys, if you want to book a trip right here to Walt Disney World, go check out our awesome sponsors, niktras.com. >> Mickeyas.com. They will help you book your trip. Won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself. But they help plan with their expert advice. So whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, book it with mickeyras.com. Also go to mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. >> Gotcha, Tim. Yeah, a lot of people have the Friday off, too. That's right. Good Friday. >> Government and schools are closed in Canada. The rest of us have to work. Gotcha. Jennifer just Oh my goodness. >> Open and close. Enjoy your journey. >> All right, guys. Enjoy the journey. Hi, Bill. >> Have I seen the Duffy Glass and Uptown? It's only $15. No, >> there's a Duffy glass in Uptown Jewelers. >> Or do you mean it's if is it in the glass store? >> All right, we'll go look. Bill, >> I love anything. $15. That's supernatural open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. >> All right, guys. Enjoy the enjoyment. Please step carefully onto the moving platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times. You may hear and this is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around Greetings intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the people presented by I'm Horat 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see Tomorrowland at my stars is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. >> For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please. Thank you. >> The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Trading. transfers to green and red lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future right by two of my favorite spots. >> First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? >> Look, there's even a tiny table mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny rack. >> On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy, except actual stars. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Life Cycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks in the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Attention all visitors from Galaxy. Thank you. This is Starboard 75 or as always, our high speed rock and forest deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral moons of Pisces 7. New H2 owe it to yourself. Vote today. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you, Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson at the control tower to confirm your flight to the boom. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy F31. Please keep all tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. >> To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Oh, we're going to town. Calling all space rangers, report to your star cruiser and join me on this daring space mission. I'm going to see you on reserve. >> Affirmative. We're on it, Buzz. You can count on us. Fine. I don't want to be there. or nine, take the time to see this show. >> I get it. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people journey has nearly come full. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though this is always my favorite because now is the time, now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow, today. See you in the future. This is the GTA blue line. Please keep around and others away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. >> Janette, thank you so much for the pal. Josh gets notified for those. So hopefully he'll send that to me. But thank you so much. That's so sweet. >> Arms and other languages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution. Thank you. >> All right, that was so fun. Let's go to Main Street and then over to the Contemporary. We'll start our uh resort Montreal Hopping. >> Always love a people mover ride, especially when the weather is gorgeous like today. But yeah, Buzz Lighter doesn't it looks maybe a little longer, but not bad. 25. Okay. >> Not bad at all. >> All right, let's head to Main Street. Hello. Uh, is it sweet cater potato? I love that name. That's so cute. How are you? I purchased the jean jacket on Shop Disney. It was $63.99 >> cuz I have a Disney Visa. Oh, yes. You do get a what? >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. >> 10% I think with that. >> Something like that. >> Thanks, Janette. >> Officially lost in the Her Universe website. Manoa J says that's amazing. I know she makes some really good stuff. So that's pretty cool. Pretty cool. Okay. Hi, Kronos Craig. Hello, cardboard box. Welcome in everybody. I guess we can go. Yeah, let's go straight. We'll get a view of the castle and then we'll head back down Main Street. Can't get too much of Magic Kingdom, right? I can't at least. >> Thanks for almost 1300 in the chat. We have 526 flights. Keep on bubbing if you haven't already. Hey, that's awesome. Catalina, >> there's my beautiful castle. I did see yesterday um this is talking about a different park, but I just thought of park some park news at Universal. Uh Sensational starts tonight again. So, that is back. Love that. It's one of my favorites. I love Sensational. That's at Universal Studios. So, they'll probably have that for, you know, the rest of the year until um HHN starts and then they'll probably have it alternate, you know, on non-HN nights. See, what I'm guessing. Hi, Lillian. MK is a mess with all the construction. Well, some parts of it. Some parts of it is just fine. >> Yeah. >> Um so, really the construction is basically just over in that side. So, but there's still things to do over there. >> Yeah. This side you don't even know. I actually kind of forgot. >> I don't really think it interferes with your pathways. No, >> because >> it's just mainly that river's over there. >> Exactly. Yeah. It It really doesn't mess with anything other than the view a little bit. >> Yeah. Yeah. um took away one ride and of course all of Tom Sawyer Island, but other than that, it doesn't doesn't cost anything or not not cost it doesn't affect you, I guess, that much. >> Yeah, the castle is so pretty, isn't it? >> So pretty. I love that they made the turret so bright blue. >> It looks so good. >> Yeah, so good. Tim says, "My favorite show." Yeah, it's really really good. I love >> love sensational. >> I want to stay in the castle, too. Wouldn't that be fun? >> Just returned from a week at Walt Disney World. I always think I have had my fill and we'll take a break, but just can't quit. Oh, I get it. I 100% get it. That's why we moved here. >> And then you never have to leave the magic. I mean, you do to go back home and sleep, but you can come back the next day if you want after work, of course. >> Or if you're retired, >> you can come back whenever you want. >> So, we don't. >> Uh, okay. Josh sent me that PayPal um from Janette. uh $30. Let's see. From uh Oh, here it's from uh Cindy and Jen. Uh hi, Jenna. Thank you for always streaming. Oh, let's go to the emporium. Thank you for always streaming the magic direct to us. We live in PA, but visit Walt Disney World at least once a year. Sorry, I might have to pause on that as I cross this busy street here. Oh, watch where I'm going. Uh, we watch all the channels and of course always love seeing mom and dad Steph and Liam and guests like uh Sharon Jenna. >> Hi. >> Excited. >> How are you? >> How are you? >> I'm good. Thank you. >> Back a couple years ago. Me and my son. >> Oh, awesome. >> Your dad. >> Oh, cool. That's awesome. Nice to see you again. >> I didn't know you were here. I didn't I didn't even notice. >> Yeah. Well, we were going to be at the resorts and then I decided to pop over and see if Buzz was open and it was. It's soft open right now. Yeah, it was so fun. >> We were here in December. I missed you in December. >> Oh, okay. That's too bad. Do you want to say hi on the stream? >> What was your name again? >> Danielle. >> Danielle. Hello. >> A That's awesome. >> That's so cool. >> Where are you guys from? >> Thank you. From Maine. Oh, nice. Awesome. >> We just got here. >> Oh, that's a ways. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Two days, I bet. Okay. Yeah, >> we both drove, but he drove all day yesterday. Very thankful. >> That's That's a long I know. We When I lived in Northern Indiana, we tried to make it in one trip. 19 hours and we do it. >> But we were tired. >> So, I get it. That's cool. Well, enjoy your vacation. >> Enjoy the rest of your day. >> Yeah. Thank you. >> We got to meet you. >> Good to see you again. >> Yeah. Good to see you again. Awesome. >> Go. Yeah, definitely enjoy Buzz. It didn't have a long line. 25 minutes. So, >> to Crystal Palace. Even better. >> Sounds good. All right. >> You, too. Bye. >> Bye. >> That's very nice. All right. Let me read this again. Um, from Cindy and Jen. Hi, Jenna. Thank you for always streaming the magic direct to us. We live in PA, but visit Walt Disney World at least once a year. We watch all the channels, of course. Always love seeing mom and dad, Stephan, Liam, and guests like Sharon. Have a magical day from Cindy and Jen. Thank you, Cindy and Jen. That's so sweet of you. Thank you. Thank you. Very, very kind for that PayPal. >> I want Piglet. >> So cute. >> Of course, I want Stitchy. Look, he's going fast. He's got three left. >> These these are $16.99. That's really not bad. >> So cute. He's so cute. I kind of want to take this off and put it on a on a your headband and go >> Mhm. >> wobble wobble. This would be a nice souvenir or a gift to take back to somebody cuz it doesn't take up space in your luggage. >> Totally. I love that plan. Oh, this is so cute. >> You know, one ear headband that we don't have. >> Yeah. >> Piglet. >> You're right. >> They had Winnie. They had Tiger. Yeah, we can make our own. >> What are these? Twist crayons. Oh, that's cool. >> Twist crayons. >> $7.99. Okay, that's a good deal cuz they're, you know, they have Mickey characters all over them. Love that. >> Oh, I get it. Like twist like you twist it to make the >> make it go up. Yeah. >> All right, guys. What else do we see? Let's see if they have the ear. Oh, here's these for May the 4th. We can get our own light. Yeah. >> Get our own miniature lightsaber as I drop it. >> Just bring these with us instead of a whole big lightsaber. And you know when they say raise your lightsaber. So we'll hold these little >> Exactly. Cuz I can afford this one. >> These light up though, right? >> Yeah. I think you have to pull the tab. >> Okay. Yeah. I don't want to do that. >> But yeah, you can pick. There's colors. They have more colors too. I think there's a purple green. Green. >> We need them. That's the bad guy. There's uh Yeah, that's or misunderstood. There you go. Okay, they have them. So, they have these and then they have um Haunted Mini. And then they have these. I like the Rose Bowl. That's really fun. >> I do, too. And Haunted Mansion. >> Yeah, the Haunted Mansion's cute, too. >> Oh my goodness. What is this? What does he do? >> I laugh and shake. >> Do you now? Oh, he's got >> Maybe he's got like a a button you have to uh >> So, you pull this tab. >> Okay. >> I'm guessing Oh, and then you probably press right here. >> Yep. >> Don't want to pull your tag. >> No. That's so cute though. >> Pull him with >> He is um $39.99. Oh my goodness. I love him. Oh my. >> The material is different. I I like it. It's almost like an old-fashioned, you know, >> he's my favorite. >> I might need him. >> Piglet, you're adorable. >> So cute. >> And then they have the little car with >> the cars. >> I know. They're fun. I'd want to. It is a gorgeous day. Hi, Dominic. Keith, it's busy. Yes, we're not staying at a resort. We live here. >> So, we go back home at night. >> Got all the decals over here. So, if you're wanting those cute idea, >> I know. I love it. Oh my word. They have Gertie. They have Gertie. >> Oh, wow. This was Josh the design on Josh's shirt he had on yesterday Friday. >> These are really cute. Tower of Terror. We've got Safari rope drop. Oh my goodness. So they're $5 each when you buy three. Otherwise they're $5.99. Oh, they have Perry. Okay. They have different ones here. Oh my goodness. They have Muppets. Slay sis. It's cute. Tigger, is that you? >> You're so cute. I love it. I'm sorry. I love them all. Oh, this is new. >> I like >> this is all new. Okay, so we've got a M and there's ears to match this. I don't know if we're going to find out. >> Okay, >> that's cool. >> Add the card and check out. >> Ordered. $36.99. >> Candy would like that. >> I have a mug for this collection as well. Magic Kingdom. Okay, I'm liking this a lot. Cute. $16.99 and an ornament. >> Mhm. >> And a cup. Is this a turvis? >> $39.99 for that. It's not turvis. Oh, they have a backpack or a bag. This is cute. >> And a matching um >> Yeah. Oh, yeah. That's really cute. >> It also has a >> Oh, it's on the back. >> The back. It's on the front and the back. >> Nice. Okay. I like the the stripes, too. >> Mhm. >> So, the bag is $34.99. And this is How much is this? >> $59.99. This is new. The spirit juice. Okay, that's cute. I like the color, too. >> Yeah, it's it's >> I don't know. >> Raspberry kind of. >> Yes, raspberry. That is a really good way to put it. I like that a lot. Um I didn't see a price tag. >> Yeah, me neither. I see a tag, but not a price tag. >> Look, there's more. But wait, there's more. There's this one. >> The V-neck. That one's really cute. >> Oh, yeah. I do like that. >> $36.99. And then we've got this one. Oh my goodness, you guys. Oh, this is cool cuz you've got the contemporary in there >> with the bow. >> $36.99. >> Plain on the back. Very nice. Very nice. >> I don't know how much the jean jacket Daisy was. I'm sorry we didn't look. Oh, the daisy. >> Somebody I think in the chat said though it was around like maybe 65 or something. Oh, this is new. >> Kind of makes sense. Oh, that's >> goodness. >> I like that better than the um sweatshirt. Yeah, look at the hoodie. >> Really nice. >> Um it is $69.99. >> I'm guessing that Daisy maybe was the same price as the other jean jacket. >> Yeah, probably. No, that makes sense. Morning. >> Good morning. Oh, there's a jacket. This is cute, too. >> Very nice. >> This is the back. >> Yeah. >> Fun. >> $64.99. >> The ears have not made the debut debut. >> Debut. >> Debut. De. >> That's how we say it in Florida. >> Debut. Oh my goodness. >> Words are hard already. >> Words are always hard. Oh my word. So funny. Okay. See if they have any new TE's. I think they're all about the same. >> Mhm. But there's so many cute I like the Buzz Lightear on it. >> Yeah. It's the whole gang >> because of the ride. >> Yeah. >> That's really cute. >> Isn't that fun? >> Love it. >> That was a nice Doo >> my alien ears. >> Yeah. >> All the cute shirts. Wait, what's this one? Oh, it's uh Go Hofy Movie one right here. That's fun. I just love this one. Clueless. >> Hi, Kipper Dad. And I still like this one. >> I know. >> The third or fourth of July, >> Memorial Day even. >> Yeah. >> It really is. >> All right. make our way through here and then we're going to head on out of here so we can get to the resorts. We got some resorts to see. Sometimes they have new merch, too. I'm not seeing a whole lot else. That was a whole big section though right there. Oh. >> Oh. >> Oh, we did see these. >> I love these so much. >> But they're new here to the shop. But I I like these, too. >> These are so cute. These might be an add. >> Wait. Oh, they're flowers. I thought it changed. You know how it >> Yeah, I know. >> They're little flowers. A >> The back is cute. >> The back is sparkly, >> but not but smooth. It's not like you can feel the glitter. And I like when the side is smooth because it doesn't get caught in your hair. >> Yeah, this these are very nice and lightweight. >> Yeah. Oh, good to know. >> Yep. >> Those are adorable. >> Add to cart. >> And they have a ton of the the train bags. >> Train bag. >> They probably went down here. Do you like it? >> Hard to get through there. >> Okay. >> You love a good merch search. All right. We're going to go walk over to Contemporary cuz that's the easiest one to get to and the first stop on the Montreal. So, >> good. Good. >> Might as well just walk. >> And it's at the merch search. >> Merch search. We love our merch search. Everybody's coming in all excited. I love it. >> So fun. >> Mickey is a 30 minute wait. >> Um, yeah. So, if you actually if you go back to if we see any in the resorts, I'll show the Roosevelts. But if you go back and watch my Disney Springs vlog, I showed all of the Roosevelts that they have at Disney Springs right now. So definitely go check out the vlog. I posted it yesterday. One of the moppers wants to post the link. That would be awesome. >> But I need to >> I'm hoping they still have the Easter eggs cuz I haven't seen them. >> I was wondering if they would still have those today. Yep. I feel like >> I haven't seen them from Contemporary yet. >> Yeah, they probably should. Oh, look. We would have missed the Montreal anyway. There it goes. So fun, though. >> What is it? Oh, the exit. Yeah, we found it. The train is up here. Hi. All right. To the left. >> Wow, it's bright. We're going to head to the Contemporary First, Benjamin, cuz it's right there. Hope you guys enjoyed a little bit of Magic Kingdom this morning. And now we're going to get some nice calm vibes at the resorts. More shopping, more just enjoying the lobbies and everything. And probably a Montreal ride. Actually, I know a Montreal ride cuz you can't get anywhere from >> Well, I guess you could walk back here. And yeah, that would be a long walk. Could do it though. But you can't walk from the Contemporary over to the Polly, unfortunately. >> It would kind of be nice if you could. >> I know. I think so, too. >> Continue the sidewalks. You go all the way around. >> Uhhuh. That would be a nice long walk. Or say you're practicing for, you know, a race. That would be a good >> run. Hello. Happy magical Monday, Debbie. Contemporary is your favorite. Awesome. It's a great one. I do like the contemporary as well. Um, Polly is one of my favorites. What would What's your favorite resort? >> It's hard to pick. I know. It's like picking your favorite kid, right? >> Like all of all the resorts >> out of all the Disney resorts >> here. I mean, yes, like Disney World. >> Yeah, Disney World. Yep. >> Maybe for just like just the ambiance and not worrying about how easy it is to get to a park or whatever. >> The wilderness lawn. >> Ooh, that's a good one. I love the wilderness lodge. >> Yeah, that is a good one. >> For convenience, I love either like contemporary like tower or like beach club. >> Yeah, that one's very nice, too. And it has one of the best pools, I think. >> It's just a really nice resort. >> Agreed. Yeah. Steakhouse 71 is delicious. Yep. Lisa says Grand Flow is her fave. Polly is definitely a bucket list resort. Um, also I love the Polly too cuz it's the very first one we ever stayed at as a family. >> Paul's up there as well. >> Yeah. So good. I just love the vibes there. >> You can't really go wrong with any of the resorts. >> You really can't. >> Yep. They sure are. They sure are. Tiny little rows. >> I don't know. There was like five people in front of Wilderness is your favorite, too. Awesome. When we were DVC members, that was where our home base was. >> Yeah, that's nice. >> Wilderness Lodge. So nice. We stayed there some cuz, you know, I think that's, if I remember right, I didn't own it. It was mom and dad. Obviously, I was young. But I remember them saying that you could book at your home resort before Yes. >> any of the other resorts. True. Okay. I thought so. That's the advantage of, you know, owning DVC versus renting. >> Renting cuz then you >> you're kind of at the mercy of whatever's available. It's still great, you know, to be able to rent points, but >> if it's your home resort, you can book before your nonhome resort. >> Okay, nice. I thought that's what they said. And so, we would say there's some Our favorite one to stay at because there were five of us was Oki West cuz they had it was just big. the two bedrooms, the big kitchen, the big living area. Um, so yeah, we got a little spoiled with that that resort. >> Sounds like the train is right next to us. >> Oh, yeah. >> When you stayed there first, did Polly have the fountain in the lobby? Oh, yes, it did. >> And and I always tell this story, but they had uh parrots or macaw too in there. And I remember they would they kind of just sit they had these like little like box looking things that they could go in and out of and like they didn't really fly around a whole lot but they would just you know sit there in a perch. >> So they weren't really in a cage. No, >> they were just Oh, that's amazing. >> Yeah, they probably maybe had their wings. I have I don't know how they I don't know what they do with birds. I have no idea. But yeah, it was um it was definitely it was interesting. But I don't know how long they were there. I just have this vague memory of the parrots, macaw, whatever they were. But yeah, super cool. Caribbean beach is your favorite? Awesome. Yep. It's going to be a warm one today. Feels more humid. >> Yes. >> Which makes sense cuz we're going to be getting rain. >> Yep. And it rained last night. >> Yeah, it sure did. Poured around like a little south of here, I think. >> Yeah, we saw on the news that some roads were closed from flooding. Wow. It rained. >> Wow. That's crazy. Out of time, I think. >> Crazy. Crazy. Clipped wings for sure. I remember that, too. know what J says. Awesome. Okay. I thought that was what the case was. I don't think they kept them there too long. Um but yeah, but it was cool to see them while they were there, especially as a kid. I just I love animals, so I was like, "Oh my word, there's parrots in here." >> Good morning, news junkie. How are you? Your parents favorite is Old Key West. Our home resort is Saratoga. Nice. My husband's is contemporary. Mine is Polly. A lot of people going to the temporary this morning. >> Yes, there is. Holy moly. Yeah. This is how the traffic was. >> At like every light there was a long line of cars, lights, stop signs, all the things. That's true. Manoa J. Yep, that is how they did it. That's true. Thanks for almost 1,400 in the chat. We'll be at the Contemporary in just a little bit. So pretty to see it when you walk up to it. It's just massive. It's a big resort. And it's crazy to think that it was, you know, an original resort. It was here when it opened, which is very neat. >> And the story of how they made it is also really cool. If you guys haven't heard, um I'm sure you have, but that they made the the structure and then they made the rooms separate and then they brought the room over and slid them in >> like little puzzle pieces into the structure. >> Cool idea. >> Such a cool idea. >> I don't know how convenient that was. You would think it would be easier to just make the whole thing and then but maybe back then it wasn't. I don't know. >> Very cool though. Love that story. It's such a great location. >> Very good location. Yes. I wonder if they always had this path or did you at one point did you always have to take the Montreal? >> Montreal. >> Does anybody know? >> Let us know in the chat. Yes. Pop the like. There goes the Montreal. Hey, Mayor Chickapin Hill. Happy Monday, Tammy. Let's do a rapid fire bop as we walk over here. See how many more likes we can get. We've got seven. No, we've got 644. Sorry, I can't see. Oh, look. They're uh replanting stuff. Love it. Always my house. >> I know, right? Always working hard, that's for sure. Thanks, So, um, all you have to do is close out of the chat, find the thumbs up, and bop it. Only bop it once. If you bop it twice, it takes it away. Guys, ready, setop like subscribe if you're new. That's awesome. OKS was amazing for my daughter's birthday in 2021. Very fun. This little path over here was where I took the uh thumbnail. It's over here somewhere. But I think maybe some of the trees have changed or something. I don't know. Oh, it looks like these maybe got hit by that cold weather. >> Yeah. D say cuz we have an avocado in the back that we thought got hit, but he saw some green leaves. So, I think it's going to be okay. We were a little worried, but it was a decent sized tree, so we thought, "Oh, man. Are you serious?" But no, I think I think it's going to come back. These though, I don't know. >> Yeah. >> Oh, there's some green on this one. Okay. But yeah, the thumbnail was like around in here. >> Yeah. Just had some more leaves and stuff. Yeah. John, it's beautiful here today. How is it in California? On cruise lines, they also slide the rooms into the ships. Oh, cool. I did not know that. Makes sense. Makes >> sense on a cruise. >> Yeah, it does make sense on a ship. And speaking of cruises, Dale and I put out our last cruise video on Saturday. So, if you guys didn't watch it, please go check it out over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Um it was our very last day on the largest cruise ship in the world, the um Star of the Seas. And we show you around what we did that day. It was a C day, of course. A lot of times the last day is a C day. >> And um we also um you know give a little review on the ship and what we liked and what we didn't like. And um we also kind of compare it to the the class underneath of that one, which is the Oasis class. Mhm. >> So, we were on the icon class, all Royal Caribbean, and uh so we compared the two and what again what we liked and what we didn't like. If you're considering a cruise, you might want to check it out. >> Hey, Santana family. >> I'll be there August 27th through the 29th. Hope to meet you. Oh, that would be awesome. We would love that. >> Haven't been here since 92. Oh my goodness. Hope you get to come back soon. Tony, watch the video. I want to go on a cruise. That's awesome. Thanks for watching. Cruises are so fun. I definitely want to try to book another Disney one. I miss the Disney cruises so much. All cruises are fun, but there is just something about Disney cruises. >> Especially if you're a Disney fan. Even if you're not a Disney fan, they're just amazing. Um, let's see. We'll go this way. Yeah, lots of people. >> All right, guys. Are we back? Let me know. Did lag there just for a bit. Got the uh Wi-Fi turned on. We should be good to go. Let me know. Ah, awesome. We're back. And the eggs are gone, guys. I saw him on Josh's stream and on pictures, but I didn't see them in person. >> Me, too. >> Sad story. That's all right. >> Next year. >> Next year. Exactly. Next year it is. Um, let's see. Janette says, "We missed you when we were down in February. Maybe when we're down the last week of September." Oh, yeah, for sure. I'd love to say hi. John said, "The weather's been nice." Edwin says, "Only over a month till I go on the Disney Destiny." Oh my goodness, that's so exciting. And this is where the California Grill is. This is where you check in and then they'll send you up in one of these elevators. >> Very nice restaurant. >> Very nice. >> Beautiful view up there. >> I mean, amazing. >> Don't usually have this much trouble in here. Sorry, guys. Uh Debbie says, "I just looked it up and there was always a walking path from Contemporary to Magic Kingdom, but they have improved it over the years." Okay, cool. Thanks for >> Yeah, I didn't know. I assumed, but I didn't know. >> Yeah. Yeah, cuz a lot has changed over the years. >> Yeah, totally. Might have to go to MK just to buy some of the swag you showed earlier. Yeah, there's so much new things. Now, we're going to see what's in here in the BVG. have a contemporary mug. >> You know what you'd have to get if you got the ears? You'd have to get the mug. >> Oh, yes. >> That matches ears, >> of course. >> Your little hippo on top. This is really cute. They're just missing my cactus. $59.99. That's okay. That saves my wallet. Yes. >> You know, I'd need it. >> That's a good point. If the cactus was on there, >> I need it. >> Yeah. >> And I really don't need it. So, but anything with my cactus, I want to buy it. >> They should make it one of those decals. >> Yeah. >> It is. Oh my goodness. >> Smart. They had a pin uh a long time ago and one of um the awesome hoppers got it for me. A little >> I think it was in a mystery box. Wow. >> So, they got it and gave it to me. It was very sweet. Totally. >> Oh, this is cute. >> That's cute, >> right? Cute little pink sweater. >> Hi, Charles. There's anything on the back? >> Nope. Just plain. That's really cute. You could wear this with a lot of different uh outfits >> like that dress we saw. $54.99. >> $54.99. Nice. Look, guys, they have um bags here. I love Walt Disney World. This is so cute. And look, they even have a little spot for your um your keychains. >> And look, they conveniently have all all the keychains right here. >> Imagine that. >> Imagine that. Since pretzel. Then we've got the bigger ones. This one's really cute. Cinderella and park day. Oh, no. Park ready. Oh, fun. >> That one does not have the clip. This one has the clip. >> Oh, so maybe it's the new. >> So, they don't all have the >> Cuz this one and this one are older. These are newer. Okay. Yep. >> That's a really smart idea. >> So smart cuz everybody, you know, is loving the clips and the >> I mean, I realize you could >> Oh, this one has one lip on it, but totally. >> But it's nice when they come with it. >> It's built in already. >> Hey, Fork Kingdom Trekers. Hey, bro. >> 1999. >> That's not bad for a big >> That isn't bad. >> Any word on when the Halloween tickets go on sale? No. >> Last time I feel like it was in April cuz I believe it was when we were um at Epic for like a preview or something which was in >> was like the day they went on sale. >> Yes, when we were in Epic. >> I know. >> Um it might have been like a passholder preview or something. I still love these. I just wish they weren't so expensive. >> Yeah, that's >> $30. I would get one if it were like >> 20, >> but not 30. >> Mhm. >> That's just me. They are so cute though. I love this one. Little Stitchy. >> Fun in the sun. >> Stitch and Angel. Then we've got some of the t-shirts back here. They've got a good selection actually of t-shirts here, which is very nice. And then we've got some ears. They've got the orange ones, which I did not see >> at Magic. Did you? >> I did. They put on a separate >> Oh, over to the side. Yeah, >> got the side. >> I haven't seen the Woody. >> No, I haven't seen these before. Those are really cute. >> I love those. >> Sheriff Woody. >> Have you seen these? >> No, >> those pretty. They're not Babel Bar. They're not Loungefly. >> Huh. >> However, >> they look like they could be. >> They are $47 cuz of the sparkles. I guess >> they're 47 cuz they want to be. Exactly. They Exactly. They're a wannabe. >> They are lightweight though, which is nice. >> They are very light. >> Check. >> And beautiful. >> Makes a difference. >> Mary says, "Hi ladies, watching from work. Thanks for another awesome stream. We'll be home in 75 days." That's awesome. >> That's not too much longer. >> No, it really isn't. >> But yes, lightweight ears are very nice when you're in the parks, except for when it's windy cuz then they might fly off your head. >> Good point. So they have a contemporary bag. That's fun. 1989, contemporary hat, the Montreal, rope drop, park top, can't stop. That's cute. >> That's cute. >> However, the pillows are very pricey. $49.99. I mean, >> also >> plain in the back. >> Obviously, it's for decoration cuz it's small. >> Yep. But $50 is a little pricey in my opinion. >> You know how sometimes you are sitting on like a really deep couch and you need a little behind you to sort of support your back, but this one is very tiny. Like look, there's my little hand. >> It's almost too small for that. Yeah, this is more just pretty. >> Just for decoration. >> Just for pretties. >> Good morning, uh, Maria. How are you today? >> Got your class of 2026 over here. Oh, look. They have a hat that goes with the bag. So, here's the bag. And you can buy a hat to go with it. >> That's cute. >> That's really cute. >> That'd be a great Animal Kingdom. >> Yes, it would. Got your stony clover over here. I know. It's so pretty. Yep. They have some stony clover at the outlet right now. Obviously, it's not this. Really? >> Yeah. It's still fairly expensive, but better than it is full price. >> What is it? What's the price? >> Um, I actually don't know cuz I haven't been. I've just seen pictures of other people. >> Yeah. Mhm. I do really like this. Mom got the Winnie the Pooh one. $65. Okay. So, you know, I was telling you that um crew, what's the other one? Chris Lou >> Chris Lou was going to be uh Yes, it's not. It's girls crew. I get those crew mixed up sometimes. >> It's Yeah, it's >> crew is doing a trunk show. >> Yeah, like a pop-up like we're going to go there. >> Yes, I was wrong. Oh, what is this? >> It's still shiny things. >> Castles. That's new. Kinder Scott whether it's girls crew or Chris Lou and I'm >> They're both awesome, right? I know. >> I love those >> in the When did those come out? >> That thing. >> I don't know that for sure though. >> Yeah, I've not seen these before. >> Aren't they pretty? There's the different colored one. There's like a silver and then there's a gold. >> I'm assuming they're >> You can kind of see the tag hanging in the back, but it's too small. You might be able to read it. >> Oh, I need to grab my reader scale and read those. I don't see a price. Okay, >> there's numbers, but no price. >> Cute, though. >> Oh, these are cute with the popcorn and the do. >> So, they're coming out with a ring. You know the Walt Disney World necklace that we have? >> They're going to have a ring that now says Walt Disney World. >> Very cute. >> I wonder if that'll be at the uh popup. it and it says it and then they've got the four icons on a ring as well. >> Okay. >> Yeah. >> And this one's not super I mean those crew. >> No, it's not as expensive as some of the lines >> as like Yeah. as Rebecca Hook or Kinder Scott. >> I like these. These are cute. All right. What else do we see? Oh, this is new. Walt Disney World. >> And then you've got the Montreal in the R. That's fun. Kind of like our resort TV. How we put the Montreal in ours. >> It kind of does look like t-shirt. >> Yeah. And these are patches. >> So, this is $36.99. >> It's also a pretty good weight. >> Yeah. I mean, you know, a little heavier. >> It is heavy. I mean, it would be good for a cooler day in Disney. >> Hey, Katrina. I like this. Um, I love a zip. Yep. It's a zip up and it's so soft. >> Yeah, it's really >> really thin. So, it' be good for Florida. >> Be perfect for >> $59.99 >> when you go inside and the air conditioning is blasting and you need >> Uh-huh. That would be perfect. I also love this cup. Actually, might need to get this for my coffee cuz all my cups are plastic and you know how they're like don't drink out of plastic. >> Yes, >> that's what they say. >> $29.99. It would be good. >> Yeah. For my iced >> coffee. >> That's cool. I like this. >> I like the contemporary. >> Oh, I know. >> Ornament. That's really >> That's awesome. Just got the icon necklace for myself and my daughter to share. Oh, I love that. Stacy Josh bought this one. That's a good shirt. It's very nice. Also, this Montreal on this mug is better than the new one. >> Agreed. >> For like comfort level. >> Yes. For the Yeah. >> Also, here comes the Montreal is what Adam Lu always said. Here comes the Montreal. >> I'm pretty sure that's what he used to say. >> Really cool. >> Yeah. This one's more comfortable than the one with the where the handle is slanted like from >> It goes over here. >> Yeah. That was >> Mhm. >> It's nice little cabinet. It's >> It's super cute. But yes, not comfortable. Oh, it's right here. >> Yeah. >> Cute. But the way that it's like >> It looks really cool. See how it's >> curved? It's It's really >> Yeah. really weird. I probably end up spilling it on myself, you know? >> Like maybe this Well, nope. If you're left-handed, I feel like it's even worse. So, yeah. No, >> I know. I I'm pretty sure >> Jesse Mouse and I were looking at that cuz she's left-handed and she was like, "Nope, >> that won't work." >> Um I saw a new PEZ dispenser. Oh, they have the Montreal Pez um holders back. You put your little PEZ, >> but they have Yeah. Winnie the Pooh. This is new one. They also have Small World. Okay, this is cute. I could get this and mom could have Winnie and I could have Piglet. Oh my goodness. >> Aren't those adorable? >> And you get some PEZ. >> And you get PEZ. Even better. >> Get your Chef Mickey hat before you go to Chef Mickey's. >> Yeah, I miss Adam's videos, too. Yep, for sure. All the classic stuff. >> Oh, here's some of the Roosevelt shirts somebody was asking. So, they've got um Figment. I love this one so much. They even have the Figment vehicle. Isn't that cute? >> Yeah. >> Adorable. And then we've got the tiki one. I think they've had that one for a little while. >> Um, this is another new one right here. >> I really like this one. >> This one's probably my favorite. Yeah. >> Or the one with all the Mickey's on it from Epcot. That one's pretty cool, too. >> They have a Star Tours one. >> It's just really um nice material. >> Oh, and then this one uh for Toy Story. Another great one. Oh, look at the penguin wheezy. He's my favorite. Him and Ham are my favorite Toy Story characters. So cute. Sorry. Oh, no worries. I think they're um >> There you go. >> 80. >> Yeah, they're a little pricey, but you know, nice shirt. >> Hey, Transformer Dad. How are you? And you can get your uh Leila perfume, which you can get in Norway, but they have it here. >> That's funny. He says, "Hello, moppers, shoppers, chat, Jenna, Emar, Crazy Mother Nature, and all the pin traders with Pirates of the Caribbean pins for trade." That's funny. You covered everybody. All of them. >> Love it. >> All right. >> Let's go out and enjoy the the pretty view, and then we'll come back in the shop. I love this resort. It's just so pretty. >> Have to go make sure the legs. >> Yes. Let's go check out that lag box. They're a little more expensive in the parks than when you order them direct. Okay. Gotcha. Well, and but if you have an AP, they might be around the same price. I don't know. >> Yeah. >> Good question. Hello, Tiger Gum. Hey, Rodney. Hope to see you second week of May. Nice. I haven't been to Chef Mickey's in a really long time, but I remember it was good the last time I was there. All right, looks like the lag is indeed in the box. >> Mhm. >> It's locked up. We're okay. Okay, >> good. Good. Get a good view over here. >> The um eggs are all gone, unfortunately. Otherwise, yes, I would have shown them to you cuz I haven't seen them. I didn't get over to see them. What a view. Look at all the cranes right now. There's two back there and one towards the front. So, those are probably villains land. Yeah. >> And then you've got the one of course in Cars >> Cars Land. >> I love that. >> I'm excited for all of it. But Villains Land. I'm excited to see what they do during Halloween. >> I'm excited for Villains Land just period. Cars Land. >> Totally. Yeah. >> Or whatever it's called. >> Yep. >> And doesn't Thunder Mountain reopen in a couple of months? >> Yes. This summer, I think. Is it? I think it's around the same time that the animation courtyard opens, I believe. I could be wrong. >> Not too much longer. >> No, it really isn't. Bay Lake Tower is my home resort. Such a great resort. April 30th and May 9th, we will be back. That's awesome. Simple man guitars. >> It is. >> We love staying here. >> So pretty and so convenient. >> Really convenient. I like the rooms. >> Mhm. They're beautiful. I've actually stayed in one. Um the Tobins got us a room in there one night >> during um it was a Halloween party. >> And then we just got to walk right over. It was so nice. >> I believe it is next month when Big Thunder opens. Oh, really? Okay. I got to I got to look this up. I knew it was coming up. Kyle was kind of waiting on a Montreal, but I think we just missed him. Well, let's talk about another sponsor. If you guys want to book a stay, like, you know, right over here at at Bay Lake Tower, um, check out our sponsors, uh, David's Vacation Club rentals at dvcrequest.com/tv. You want to book a deluxe room for a fraction of the cost. Again, dvcre request.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. Hi, Timothy. I smell burgers. >> I do, too. >> Oh, yeah. There it is. Huh, that's funny. Somebody in the chat said, um, oh, here comes another one. Nice. Uh, Kronos Craig said, "Is lag like a a bogart? Does it take the shape of the most feared like in Harry Potter?" I love that. Exactly. It's what it does. Love that. That's so funny. Hi, Mike. Contemporary has my favorite rooms of all the resorts. Oh, that's cool. Tim, hi Ari. >> Big Thunder is expected to open early May. >> Oo, really? >> But no official date. >> Okay. >> Okay, that's exciting. Well, they'll probably do soft openings like they did it. They will >> um light your Hi, Isabelle. Well, let's head back in. Are the crowds tapering a little since Easter? Not at Magic >> at least. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's it was crazy. Crazy there. I feel like it was crazier this Monday than it was even last when did we go? Uh Wednesday, I guess we were there. >> Maybe some people extended their Easter vacation. >> Yeah. And um annual passholders with the lower one are not blocked anymore. So that could also be it. I don't know. >> Is >> sometimes that makes a difference. >> That's a very good point. Yes. So yesterday maybe not all the APS could get in >> and now today they can. Um, I also, so Josh and I were at Epcot on Friday and normally it's nuts on a Friday. It was so nice because I think a lot of the locals were blocked. >> Okay. >> And so Epcot on a weekend, you know, is a very local park, plus others, of course, vacationers, but it's where a lot of locals like to go hang out with the concerts and the food and the, you know, all the things. I know that's where Dale wants to go whenever we get, you know, if he goes to a park, he's like, "Yeah, let's go to Epcot. They have good food and and beer and wants to go." >> Yeah. >> If he just wants to go get in some steps and walk around, that's that's his park of choice. >> Exactly. >> Monomina. We're going to have this head in our head all day. Now, >> they had some new um Lady in the pens. cuz I thought of you at Springs. I don't see them here, though. So, I guess you got to go to Springs. >> Darn it. Some contemporary ones. And that's also on my Disney Springs vlog. So if you guys want to see what they look like, go over there and check out the vlog. >> Isn't it? Cuz then you can just kind of like change it out and put what pins you want. I actually really like this idea. >> I bet Dale could make that for me. >> I agree. >> Uhhuh. When I saw myself, that's >> when I saw this. All right. Well, not a lot of new in here, but I think we're going to get ready. Well, let's go over to the Pin Tempo Cafe. We haven't shown that yet, I guess. >> Yeah, it smelled like they were making. >> I know. It smelled really good. >> My wife and older daughter just did the Sesame Street tour in Queens. Oh, that's fun. That's so fun. I didn't know they were doing that. Hi, Susan. Thanks for streaming today. I love having this on in the background while I work. >> Feels like I'm working remotely in Disney. Oh, I love that. That's so cool. >> They have some really good food in here. >> Yeah, they do. >> I love their flatbread. Oh, they have a pulled pork sandwich. >> Might be my favorite restored quick service. >> Yeah, I agree. Really good food here. >> Here in the Polly has really good food, too. This sounds good. Grilled cheese with a burger patty. >> Yum. >> That sounds really good. >> Roast beef stuff. Everything. >> I'm just hungry also. So, >> and they have good flatbread. >> They have really good flatbread. I I like the three meat, but they do have buffalo chicken. The loaded fries look good. >> Vegetable. >> Mhm. They also have good treats. >> Oh, they moved them. They're back over here now. Like the cookies and stuff. Interesting. >> They also have really good cupcakes here. >> They do. They used to have a really good one with a Montreal and I I they haven't had it in a while. >> Okay. Sad. >> But they have a dumper carrot cake. >> Yeah, that looks good. >> The Incredibles. And then they've got a key lime. >> Very nice. Banana cream caramel trifle. Oh, they're over here. Just kidding. >> Oh, yeah. This is what we tried with um Jiren and Rachel that day. And was Rebecca here? >> Yes. Yes, she was. Cuz she did an unbagging of pins. >> That's right. >> Um so we did this one and then we did the cookie one which apparently they're out of. >> They were both really good. >> This also looks good. Cinnamon sugar croissant muffin. >> So good. >> Filled with chocolate ganache. >> Also, so do these cookies. >> Yeah, they do. What is What are they? They both look good. >> Kitchen sink cookie. So like everything maybe. >> Uh-huh. >> And then >> Oh, are they the same cookie? >> They look different. >> Different than that one, >> but that's the only one I'm seeing listed. But then also, what is this? >> Cinnamon coffee cake. Maybe >> cinnamon sugar croissant muffin. I think that's Oh. Oh, you're right. Cuz cinnamon sugar. You're right. I think it's a cinnamon coffee cake. They They all just look really good. It's hard to pick. There is Chef Mickey's right over here. Okay. Well, let's head to um the Montreal and we'll head on over to the Polly. So, we're going to do a um intentional lag. So, don't go anywhere. As soon as I get through security, I'll start it right back up again. I do not have a BRV screen, so if the moppers want to let everybody know that I will be right back as soon as I get through security. Hi. >> Yeah. How are you? >> What's your name? >> Audrey. Nice to meet you. >> She walks with you all the time. A yeah. You want to get a picture? I love your dress. >> Yeah, of course. Do you want to say hi on the stream? What's that? >> Does she want to say hi on the stream and watch later? >> Yeah. >> Hi. >> This is Audrey. Are you having fun, Audrey? >> Yeah. >> Good deal. Thanks for watching. >> Have a good day. >> Bye. >> Say like and subscribe. >> Oh, yeah. >> Like and subscribe. >> A good job. Bye. You too. Happy Easter. So cute. >> So cute. >> All right, guys. So, we are going to put you on BRB. We will be right back as soon as we get through security. So, don't go anywhere. See you guys in just hopefully just a minute or less. got the five legged goat over here. You guys back? I think we're back. >> Uh there's where it is. >> Yep. Right. >> The other day I couldn't find it. I couldn't remember which side it was on. >> The only way to find it is to come up this way. Otherwise, >> yeah, you can't see it. >> But here it is. We're back. Thanks, Amara. All right. Oh, there is a Montreal there. But oh, we might make it. It's there. They're just unloading, so I bet we'll make it. Be there in seven days. That's so exciting. Oh, thank you. >> Thank you so much. >> There's one right here. Yeah, that's nice. >> That's very nice of him. >> That was very nice. Oh, it's warm in here. >> Like the heat's on or something. >> Not working today. Thanks for coming back everybody. Appreciate it. >> She was so cute, wasn't she? >> She was adorable. That's a great question, Kronos. I don't know. >> Thanks for 1500 people in the chat. >> I did a presentation on Mary Blair in a class. I talked about this mural. Even my professor hadn't heard of this piece of her work. Oh, absolutely cool, Gwen. Great idea. >> That's amazing. >> Did you see the Montreal that got broke down? >> People had to break the window cuz it was so hot. >> Like it looked like it was the one going from >> Yes, it did look like that. >> And I guess they do apparently like I think right here. >> Yeah. >> Yep. Interesting. >> At least they were able to do that. Weird. >> 100 likes. Thanks, guys. >> Did they have to wait for it to start again or did they have >> They didn't show that part. I That's a great question. I'm assuming it started again because I didn't see any video of them, you know. getting rescued, but I don't know. >> Oh, okay, Jeff. Have a good rest of your day. >> Good morning, Ashton. How are you? >> Good morning, everyone. Welcome aboard Monro line. Our next stop is Disney's Transportation and Saf Center. For those who are standing, please hold on to those automatic doors. Thank you. If you've just joined, welcome. For those of you, please. >> Oh wow, they are coming along in that resort. >> Oh my goodness. Isn't that crazy? >> I'm excited for that. >> Me, too. Yeah. >> Hope you're able to book it. check it out when they >> with your CVC. >> Sometimes it's easier to book earlier when they haven't all the contracts. So, you know, when you're when you're within your seven month window, you know, for people that's not normal. >> Sometimes you can look there a lot easier and then once it's all sold and then, you know, harder. That makes sense. Maria, I don't know if we're going to do any blind boxes today, but if you go to my Disney Springs vlog, I see I opened two and mom opened one. >> Yeah, it's a new uh DVC resort. Is it called? >> Help me out, guys. I think it's Reflections. It's the new DBC resort. That's what I call it. >> Yeah. At uh Fort Wilderness. That's That's where it's at. We do know that. >> Everything that makes more sense. >> Uhhuh. In your head. Yeah. The >> the DVC resort. Yeah. So, um, you know, if the other ones are just adding maybe let's just go here cuz the walk over is very nice. >> Yeah, let's do that. >> Yeah. >> Hey, Dizzy Mama. get in some extra steps. >> Oh, it's called Yeah. Yeah, we do. It's called Lakeshore. >> Okay. >> Thanks, guys. Lakeshore Lodge >> now that you said earlier because >> I don't know where I got reflected. >> But that was going to be the original name of the one that was going to be built and then it was for a while and so they changed the name when they got >> Okay. So, I had it a little right. Hi, Sandy. >> Yeah, I can't wait to explore it as well. And it's going to have um a lazy river, I believe, >> which sounds really fun. >> Uh-huh. I know. That would be super cool. Yeah. Thank you. >> Happy Monday, everybody. So, you can keep riding and you can head over to Polly and you can get right off at the PY, but it's kind of fun to take the TTC. So, this is the TTC. Um, and if you are coming to Magic, you park in this giant parking lot, walk or tram in, and then you take one of the Montreals or one of the ferry boats over to Magic Kingdom. Can also hop um on a Montreal to get to Epcot from here, or this one um that we were just on is the resort Montreal, but you can also walk to the Poly from here. So, I know when we stayed at the Pali long time ago when we were kids, our room was on this side. So, it made more sense for us to get off at the TTC and walk over than to get off in the lobby and come all the way back over. Um, and it's the first stop. You don't have to wait for the next stop. So, anyway, >> uh, I think we have to go straight to get out and then always get turned around. >> I know it's over here somewhere. >> Yes. >> Battery check. Yes. Thank you, Amara. We're at 33%. So, we'll charge when we get over to the Polly. Thank you though. I do always forget this. Good morning, Goofy Grandpa. Yeah, a lot of people wait and come in later. So, there's a tip for you. If you want to get some things done, come at rope dropper earlier. Goofy Grandpa says, "I just planned our next three Disney trips over the weekend." Oh, that's so fun. >> That used to make me so happy. planning Disney trips or any trip really just makes you so excited and it's something to look forward to. All right, guys. We're doing ground stream because we're at the TGC and then I think we walk to the right. Yep. Polly to the right. This way to the right. Hi, Brenton. So, these are the trams that you take either out to your car or in from the parking lot. >> A lot of times I just walk cuz >> Yeah, >> those get so squishy. >> Often efficient. >> Yeah. >> Waiting for it. >> Exactly. And then when you all say it's full, which they usually are, and you all get off at the same time, then you're all waiting in line at the same time at the at the security. So walking sometimes is just easier for me anyways. It is a long walk sometimes. >> Can be a very long walk. >> Hi dining at Disney. Happy Monday. But you know what that means? You can have more snacks. >> I really do like getting the extra steps. >> Me too. Yeah. >> It's funny because you do a lot of walking in Disney, but it just >> especially when you live here. Like I get if you're on a week vacation, I get you're walking a lot. But if you if you live here, it's great to get out and get your steps at Disney cuz you don't think about it as much as like say you're walking in your neighborhood and you're like um like, man, I don't want to walk anymore. How far is it? So, you're at Disney and you're like, ah, that's no big deal. I'll walk >> I'll walk that. They're doing some pressure washing instead. So, we'll have to dodge that. Dale was doing pressure washing at our house over the weekend. He cleaned our back patio and the bricks and stuff. They needed it. Pollen everywhere. >> There's just pollen everywhere. Car. >> Yep. All right, guys. Also, check out another awesome sponsor. As we're walking this way, we'll chat about them a little bit. We've got resort tv1homes.com brokered by expy. Go over there um and fill out the information form. We'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking here in Central Florida. So again, resortv1homes.com. Go check us out, guys, and uh find your dream home here in Central Florida, close to the magic of Walt Disney World or Universal, either one. You can even have a house right in the middle, so you could go to both as much as you want. Now it's peaceful. I love the Polly. It's so nice. It's weird, too, though. Usually they have some music going. >> At least I maybe it's maybe it's closer to the >> Yeah, it's unusually quiet. However, I like it. >> Sandra says, "We just spent 10 days there at Pago Pago for the first time. Absolutely loved it. That walk is taking me back." A that's awesome, Sandra. Love it. It's a great great resort. So beautiful. I always tell this story, so you guys have probably heard me tell it, but when we stayed here as a kid, um, this building over here on the left was a restaurant and you could get your um, like Tonga toast over there. That's the first time I ever had the Tona toast. >> It is delicious. I haven't had it in so long, but it was amazing. And we got that juice, whatever that I forget it's called. Pog. >> Pog juice. >> And yeah, it was just a fun restaurant. Now I think they use it for maybe like special occasions maybe if a wedding you know gets rained out or something or maybe cast I don't know but it's a it's a big big building. They are doing some construction it looks like refurbing. John says there's no way in the world I could walk over an hour every single day without something engaging. That's why I recommend the Spanish irregular verbs. Oh, okay. That's cool. Actually, John, that is a very good thing I have read to help keep your brain active so that you don't get Alzheimer's or dementia while you're exercising to do something else. So, you know, >> chatting with you guys, um listening to a podcast, learning a new language, like that's cuz you're doing two things at once, it keeps your brain active. >> Or, you know, listening to a live stream while you're, you know, on the treadmill or working out. That's another, you know, good thing you can do. Also helps us out. >> Mhm. >> And we appreciate it. Pog juice, a popular drink in Hawaii and a staple at Walt Disney World. It also makes really good mimosas. >> M, that does sound good. Mimosa Pog Juice. Do you think this week will be Oh, yes. That's just like our trash can. Yeah, remember we were trying to figure out. I was pretty sure it was a Poly one. That's exactly it. >> So, we're not sure if this week is going to be less crowded. Magic looked insane busied this morning. So, if you go back, we started at Magic this morning. Um, we'll just have to see. Maybe after Monday it'll get a little less busy. Hi Jessica. Happy Monday. Simple man says um guitarist says I'm learning Cohen Coen Greek. >> And I can tell you it definitely will keep your brain active. Learning a new language. Oh 100%. Dale's been um learning Spanish. Just helps, you know, living here in Florida with different jobs and things and um so he's been doing that. >> Thinking about doing that, too. >> Yeah. You know, >> just on Dualingo, you know. >> Disney Mama, hello. She says, "Doing I'm doing just fine. Uh watching while enjoying your stream." Oh, thank you. Wish I could be there today. It's cold in Georgia. Oh, man. What's a temp in Georgia? Interesting. >> We are supposed to actually get that cold front maybe. Um >> it's going to be high of like 72 on Wednesday or something, >> which I'm fine with. >> Yeah, I'm okay with. >> But um rainy. So rainy and 72 is a lot different than sunny and 72. Welcome to the Polly. Hello. >> It's gorgeous. >> Smells so good in here. >> Does smell so good. It just has that calm, tranquil feeling when you walk in. Ah, exactly. Where's my pineapple drink? >> Yes. And some do whip on the side. >> Oh, ket. Okay. Sorry. It means common. Oh, okay. Nice. Good morning. So pretty. Tim says, "You can have my cold front." I'm good, Tim. I'm okay. I'll pass. >> Everybody is ready to get rid of their cold fronts. Maybe some really crazy winter storms. >> Oh my goodness. Yeah. Dining at Disney says it's freak freak freakishly cold here in Nashville. 560 when it was in the 80s on Saturday. Wow. Oh, for sure, John. There is a way to buy the smells. Yeah. Um, some of the resorts will like sell a room spray or a candle, but um you can also get them on Etsy a lot of times. And Disney Springs sells all the different scents and candle and essential oil. I love these things so much. >> Me, too. These cookies are so good. I bought one of the small ones at Christmas >> and I can't remember. It was just the right amount of cookies. >> Mhm. >> This one has butter macadamia, chocolate chip macadamia, guava, chocolate dip macadamia, and dark triple chocolate macadamia. $8. Think all they come from Hawaii. Can't go wrong. >> So, I think I'm going to try putting the Wi-Fi on in here. So, hopefully that'll work. We'll see. Yeah, Epic. Did you know that Epic has been open in May? Yeah, I did. It opening. However, we were going to previews already by now. So, we had been to Epic already. Isn't that crazy? >> Wow. >> We got fake spring last week. I remember fake spring when we lived in Indiana. Oh, yeah. We called it fake spring. >> That's funny. >> It's like just kidding. You thought it was spring, but it's not. Here's Ol, part of the Duffian friends. He's so cute. I think he's a magnet. Yeah. >> Oh, >> isn't he adorable? >> He's really cute. >> You could put him on your backpack, too, though. $18. Like you did with the safety pin. >> Uh-huh. >> Even his back is cute. >> I know. >> Little Mickey. >> Does he have Oh, no. So, okay. So, he's got the Mickey on his shell where Duffy and Shel may have him on their feet. >> Okay. >> Cute. Got the Ol backpack. >> At one point they did have some other Duffy merch that they would sell here, but it's cute. >> Tiger Gal says it's 45 in Massachusetts. >> Friend of Duffy. >> I know. So, I love it. >> Feels like 30. Oh my goodness. That's colder. I'm sorry. So cute. >> I have a little uh Olu plushy. I got when when they first brought them here, they brought Ol and then they brought some of the Duffy and friends from Alani and I was so excited. I went crazy and bought them all. The Duffies were um keychains, but Ol have a >> plush. Bring them back. Bring them back. >> I know. Uh Jennifer says, "Oh, they switched it. They got the guys over here and the gals over there apparently." >> Yeah. Um Yeah. Could you show us the Alani ears? The black ones with the yellow flowers. Yes, if we see them. Uh, they might be. Oh, they're probably over there. We'll we'll head that way. Just a second. I bought Olu for my Olu Mel for my wife a week ago. She loves him. So, yeah. This is my guys. And then we've got the t-shirt right here. Oh, these right here. Yeah, I have these. >> Oh, yeah. Those are really pretty. I actually got them in Disneyland in Adventureland. They had them there first. >> They would go with a lot. >> They do. They're really pretty. >> Actually forgot I had them till now. Oh, look at the bow. There's a Mickey on the bow. >> Yeah, these are really cute. >> Yeah, >> caught my eye. >> These are fairly new. Polly. It says Polly on the side. Yes, >> really nice. >> I love that. >> Some of that stuff you have to buy. >> That's okay. No, you're fine. No worries. >> Um Oh, this is cute. This gives me old school Polly vibes. >> Isn't that pretty? >> A 1999. >> Okay. 1999. Oh, look. Here you go. Ah, you'll see. >> More strong. >> Yep. I think so. It's a little off. $29.99. >> It's not too strong. Maybe that's good for your house. >> Yeah. >> Like your smells good. It does. >> Like when you walk in the lobby. It's really subtle though. >> It is. Subtle banana. >> Subtle banana. >> Very nice. >> What is the store you showed that has merch from all the international parks? Oh, that was in Epcot. Wait. Not okay. Not not the international parks, but they had from all the different countries around World Showcase. I don't think I showed any from >> Except for the the plushies. They had the ones from Japan. >> Yes. And that's in uh Disney Springs. >> Yes. >> Disney style. >> Maybe that. Is that what you're talking about? I'm not sure. Oh my goodness, look at the pig. So cute. >> I love them all. >> Really cute. These are all >> Aren't they fun? I know. Oh, I see. It's like a little fish. >> Oh, yeah. Like a puffer fish. >> 25. Oh, that's not bad. This is only 25. >> This one's 30. >> Oh my goodness. That is adorable. >> Look at his face. A >> Bella Palm. Okay. >> Oh, I love this song from Hercules. >> All right. Well, guys, we'll check out some more merch up there. Oh, these are pretty little pearls. >> Very pretty pearl. Those are pretty, too. I like those. These are pretty. >> Uh-huh. Nice. Yep. Let's head upstairs. >> Yes, it does remind you of the Oh, actually, let's go into um Ah, you know what? Let's go upstairs and then we'll walk over to the Grand Flow. >> Thought about taking the Montreal, but a walkover is so nice. I love that. >> Me, too. birthday or something. >> Is it? >> Or is it? >> Oh. >> Oh, in here. >> Oh, maybe. >> Oh, it smells >> smells so good. Oh, yeah. There goes Stitchy. Okay, now I want breakfast. >> It smells amazing. >> The waffles. Oh my word. >> Yep. Oh, there they come. Mickey, >> they do that um out in California. >> A they do the Halloween like Chip andale. >> They're Stitchy. >> That is adorable. >> All right, guys. Sorry, we're lagging again. took the Wi-Fi off. See if that'll help. Kona Cafe, which is delicious. >> Sometimes they have some really good treats here, too. >> Oh, yeah. They have that stitchy cake. >> That was pretty good. >> It was good. >> Cupcakes. Um Oh, there. Is that where you got the pineapple cupcake? >> Huh? >> I got the pineapple cupcake over at the contemporary the year that it was during like do week. >> So, I hope they bring that back cuz that was probably the best cupcake I've had on property. >> That's like a guava turnover. Isn't that really yummy? >> At least it looks like a guava. >> I like anything guava. Really? >> A Disney uh diva for life. I totally understand. Just want to poof on over. Poof. This is um if you're looking for something Stitch, usually they'll have it here. What is this? Oh my goodness. He's adorable. Oh my goodness. >> From a $18. >> Okay, that's not bad. And see, they had these just like this, but um Duffy and Friends from Milani. So cute. Long time ago. He's so cute. Um, we have a $10 super chat from JDub. Says, "Thank you, Jenna, for taking me to my favorite resort today. The Polly is so beautiful and it smells so good in there." Aw, thanks for that super chat, JDub. I'm glad you're enjoying the Polly. Thank you. Thank you. Here's the ears. Oh my goodness. Wait, what is this? Oh, these are all from Milani. Oh my goodness, this is the cutest Donald I've ever seen. >> Really cute. And Minnie, >> that is such a cute dress. >> My word, that's adorable. And Mickey >> in her hair. >> And Goofy. Really cute. >> Goofy has a little visor on. And Pluto even has a special collar. That is adorable. >> And yes, they're all from Alani. >> 35. >> $35. That caught my eye. >> Let's go see what what other stitches we find. >> Sorry. >> No worries. Oh, here's another one from Milani. He's so cute. >> $35. Got a >> shave ice. >> Yep. It's shaved ice there. He's ready. Here's the shirt Dale needs. Oh, Sandra. Sandra sent a $10 super chat. Says, "Loving the stream today. I can smell the pineapple and the coconuts." Thank you so much. I'm so glad. Yeah, this resort is just so good. It's like chef's kiss. Good. Thank you so much, Sandra. That's so sweet of you. I love this bag. I just want it in our smaller size. That would be an add to cart immediately if it was. >> Oh my goodness, this is adorable. >> So cute. >> Awesome. All right, let's see what else we can find. >> So, they have this one and this one. They got a ton of these. Look how different they look. >> They sure do. >> Right. Isn't that weird? >> Faces are >> Yeah. >> So cute. They're all cute. Just different. >> Uhhuh. Yes, they are all cute. >> Mhm. >> All right. Well, >> try it. Stitchy. >> Thanks. I asked you not to pick it up. They do have the cookies here if you need the cookies. They got them. >> Delicious. >> So good. >> What's the 626 connection to Stitch? That was his experiment name before they named him Stitch. >> Mhm. >> So, um, whenever they made Stitch, it was an experiment and he was number 626. >> Put him in here for now. All right, let's head back downstairs. We'll go outside and we'll walk over to um the Grand Flow. Want to make sure it's not going to rain though before we do this. Oh, good point. Nope. I think we're good. There's only a 30% chance at 1 and it's only 11:30, so we are good. am going to pull over and charge uh charge the stream maybe on that bench over there. Angel is 624. Yeah. I always forget. I always think she's like one below or above, but she's two two below. 624. >> Yeah. >> Isn't that funny? >> I didn't know that. >> Me neither. >> I mean, I knew it, but like you don't think about it all the time. >> Yeah. Thank you. >> And yes, this year is going to be uh 626. >> Uhhuh. >> I'm excited. >> It's a special 626 day. >> It is. It is going to be awesome. Man, those waffles just >> make your mouth water. >> It smells so good in here. >> Thank you very much. >> All right. All right. Let's head outside and to the Grand Flow. I wonder if they have a H. It's probably gone though. Um a uh Easter flavor of >> do. >> Yeah. Maybe they have a special a special like spring flavor. >> Oh, there you go. And they are really working on this whatever they're doing. >> Nope. I don't see a sign. It's just the regular dough whips. >> So sad. >> So sad. Darn it. Your dough is delicious. >> Delicious. I agree. I love mixing it with vanilla. It's one of my faves. All right. Well, let's go down to the water cuz this is always a pretty view. >> 624 is my wedding anniversary. We'll be married for 20 years. That's awesome. Tiger Gal, >> love that. If I would have I liked Stitch when Dale and I got married, but not as much as until we got Chloe cuz he reminded me like of Khloe's face and stuff and the little expressions he would make like her. And so, yeah, I would have picked maybe our our wedding to be more around that, but no, didn't think of it then. Here's the music. Hi. Thanks for 1500 people in the chat. Almost 900 likes this morning on a magical Monday. >> Yeah, the resort is nice. It's not super busy here today. Hi. >> Most people are at the park. Wish you were in that pool today. Yeah, it would be a good day for a pool day. Hey, Plymouth Rock. Hey, Captain Mickey. Yeah, they're, you know, working on them now. All these plants need weeded out and replaced and they've cut a bunch of them. It's just so sad. But they're getting it. So pretty. Can see the castle a little bit right there. Comes a boat. Hi Shell. How are you? Thanks for being here everybody. We really appreciate it. We're going to make our way over to the Grand Flidian which is just just over there. There's a nice little path. It was closed for a while but it's back open again there. Oh, there is a drink here that I absolutely love. It's I mean you can get it anywhere, but it's basically a pinina colada and a um um it's a Miami vice or whatever they call them. You know, they're different everywhere. It's a pina colada and a strawberry daiquiri mixed. >> Oh, yum. >> Oh, I think it's called a pina colava or something here. >> So, you can get a pool. >> Uhhuh. Yep. >> And there's an outside one, too. So, if you're not staying here, you know, you can't get in there, but there's an outdoor place you can order and then bring them out here to sit by the water. Have I ridden the new Space Ranger spin? Yes. If you go to the beginning of the stream, we uh stopped into Magic Kingdom to see if it was open today, and it was. And it only took us about 20 minutes or less to to get on. That was why we went into the Magic Kingdom this morning first thing, and it was really cool. I was excited to try it out. Good morning. It is a gorgeous day today. Rain is coming, but not till later. Oh, look, they're fishing over here. >> Dale wants to do this so bad. >> And he got invited >> about that a lot. >> He he got invited by some hoppers and it was a day that he had a work >> um thing over the weekend. He was so disappointed. >> Panina colavas are so good, aren't they? >> Yeah, they call them different things. Like Miami Vice is the normal name, but in SeaWorld they call them an Orlando Vice, which is fun. And here it's a pina colava. >> You can get, you know, non-alcoholic version as well if you don't do the alcohols. Tim wants to do that, too. Oh, cool. Hi, ABT world. How are you? Happy Easter. This is where you used to be able to rent um the boats >> right here at the marina. We did this with our West Coast crew in uh beginning of 2020 right before the pandemic. And then you pick up your little boat. There were the little boats. >> Um they had all the boats though. They had a pontoon boats and things. But wa, not anymore. Oh well, at least we got to do it before they took them away forever. I have a video actually on the channel of us doing that. I forget what I called it, but anyway, could probably search it up. It was back again in early 2020. It was January 2020. Oh, that's cool, John. Very fun. I love Yeah, I've been to the cast connections. It's been a while. Um, but they have some good stuff there. It's like It's basically like the outlet, but for cast members only. >> Mhm. >> A cast member can take you there. >> Yeah. >> Non-cast member, but >> Yes. You can't go by yourself. >> Unless you're a cast member. My daughter says the non-alcoholic version is no fun. And that's her opinion. That's funny. John, is the old school luau ever coming back to Polly? I don't think so, Sandra. Um, just cuz there's really no place to put it at the moment, but we did get to go. Did you ever go to the luau? >> Uh, yes. Jessica and I went She was >> pretty young. >> Okay. And Andy was here for a conference. So, okay, fun. He had work stuff going on. And we went to the Luan night. It was really fun. She really liked the food, too. >> The food is good. >> Good for a child because sometimes they were a picky eater. Yeah, she really liked it. >> No, the food was great. The entertainment was great. We went for mom's, I think, 60th birthday. >> Um, a big celebration. And it was hot cuz her birthday's in the middle of July and you're outside sitting. But, but it was fun. I'm glad we did it. Huh. They repainted this. >> Oh. green. >> I like that color. >> Yeah, me too. It just threw me off. >> Yeah. >> Oh, that's fun. >> Very nice color. >> Yeah. All right. Cool. >> And over here's the new Poly Tower. But over here is where the luau was right over here. It was a big area. >> Right. Yes. Now that I've got my Yep. >> Yeah. >> Yeah, that was really fun. >> Super fun. Welcome home. Somebody dropped it. Got your cove pool. So, they've got their own pool over here, which is very nice. Nice little greenery area to sit, enjoy, play some chess. And >> there's also a splash pad over here, too. >> Hi, Ivan. Lee says, "Hello," and happy Easter Monday. Happy Easter. One of my most cherished memories is renting one of those water mice, the tiny boats at Fort Wilderness. Yeah, I miss those. We uh when we stayed at Wilderness Lodge, cuz we had DVC there, we um they had a deal at least this week we were there where you could book them for the whole length of your stay for a certain price and then rent any of the boats you wanted. The pontoon, the little mice. I think those were the only two, but we we went on those boats every afternoon. >> That's a great idea. It was so fun. And then we rented a pontoon one afternoon as well. >> It was cool. >> It was hot though. It was if you So you could uh drive it by yourself, I think, if you were a certain age. And all of us could at that point, all of us kids. But I was a little nervous, so I had mom go with me. And when you had two people, the boat didn't go very fast and it was hot. But if you only had one person, it went a little faster. But it was still fun. Hi, Noel. I'm doing Oh, I'm doing good. How are you today? So pretty. >> There's one of the pontoons over there. Either somebody rented it or they're doing a fishing excursion. I'm not sure. >> Oh, yeah. >> But you can just rent it and cruise around. >> Okay. >> Dale and I did that one afternoon a couple of years ago. It was fun. >> Just the two of us. >> Take it out by yourself. >> Uh-huh. Yeah. Sure can. They don't go super fast. >> I know. I love this restaurant. >> The burgers here are so good. >> I I've not had the burger, but I've had everything else and it was super good. >> Hello from Wales. Can't wait to come back. Have a great week. Thank you. Oh, I can't see. It is so bright. >> It's really bright. Just love this resort. It's gorgeous. All the architecture and the different, you know, like this making it look like a tree is so cool. and all the little um I forget what they call these >> like garden view rooms or I don't know little >> lounges I guess. >> Yes. That you have to be staying in the tower to get to use those but you can come watch the fireworks. >> Yeah. Or just chill with your coffee. Such a pretty view. >> And you definitely do because you can't use the elevator without your room key or your magic band. >> Yep. So, uh, because whenever we came here for the media event, there was somebody standing there, you know, helping us get in the elevator up and down. And I probably told this story and Jesse Mouse came to help me cuz Josh was busy that day. And, um, we got in the elevator and the guy said, "What floor?" And we told him and got in and it didn't go anywhere. She sat there like, "Uh, >> you couldn't get back out." >> Yeah. No. And cuz, yeah, there was. So, we So, then it finally started to move. We're like, "Okay, here we go." it. We stopped on two, I think, and we were supposed to go to the top and I was like, "Should we get out?" She's like, "Well, I don't know. Can we get back down?" And I'm like, "I don't know." And so the door shut. We're still in it. And then we're like, "Okay." And I'm like, "So finally it it went down. Could feel it go down and then it just stopped. The door didn't open. Nothing." So then I was like panic pushing the open button and it opened finally. And the and the same guy was there. He goes, "Oh, you didn't make it." But we're like, "No, there's no buttons." And he was like, "Oh, yeah. I forgot to push your button." >> Oh, no. >> We got there. It was fine. >> Yeah, they do. That was great out here. >> Mhm. Wedding pavilion. And you got the bungalows. A better view of the bungalows from over here. >> Oh yeah. >> Those are so pretty. >> Someday I want to stay in one of those. Yes, I did one day and it was it was awesome. We barely slept >> cuz it was the opening of Toy Story Land and so we got up really early. >> Oh, that's exciting. >> But we did get to enjoy it, you know, before that. So, that was good. So, we are heading over to the Grand Flow. This is the Grand Flow right here. This is the DVC side, right? Right here. >> Yes, this is the DVC. >> Really pretty. Very nice. >> And then this is the another wedding building that they have probably to get ready, I guess. Or maybe they have rooms to get ready in there. I don't know. But you see them on the carriages sometimes, too. The Cinderella carriage. So pretty. Let's see. Let's chat about what do we have? Um, Dreamtable. dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to get a really hard to get reservation here at Walt Disney World, go to dreamtable.co or you can download the app on the app store and uh then put in the reservation that you're looking for and the time, the date, how many people, and then it will um alert you, notify you whenever that reservation becomes available. So, they will not make the reservation for you. It'll just notify you and then you go into the app and then you make it yourself. So, again, go check out dreamtable.co to get those hard to get reservation, dining reservations here at Walt Disney World. Aw, it is gorgeous out today. And it's just so nice again that it's not crowded. Resort streams are fun sometimes because you get away from the hustle and bustle. And just like if you're um on vacation and you want a little chill day, resort hopping is a fun thing to do. You can see Tron from over here. Of course, Space Mountain. Ain't that cool? There goes one of the fairy boats. When we resort, it's just makes you realize how much really awesome property Disney has and how much they have to take care of. >> Uh-huh. Oh my goodness. you kind of like understand why >> things aren't inexpensive. This is a lot of property to keep looking really nice and >> and they do a great job. Yeah. >> Mhm. I agree. Yeah. >> Really let anything get run down. >> Yeah. >> They they're refurbing, they're repainting, they're replanting all the things to make it look nice for all the guests. So, yeah, they've got to have a lot of cast members to help make that happen. also the ones to work at all the places and you know run them and make them >> run smoothly with all the Disney magic. >> Pretty crazy. >> Yeah, definitely crazy to think about. So pretty. Coming up on the pool over here. They've got a couple pools here as well. I think is this a DVC side and then the other side is a or Okay. And then the other >> you can hop to either one. Yeah. Or no, maybe this is the regular one because this one has a slide. >> Yep. >> I don't know. >> Yeah, it's just the closest to the >> to the DVC. >> There's not really another pool on the other side. So >> Oh, good point. Okay. >> There's also another sort of main pool >> in the middle there. >> Yeah, right there. No, you're right. They did put this in when they built the DVC building. >> Oh, okay. Okay. >> Really nice. I mean, it's a really nice pool. And you're right, it does have a slide. So, this one's more popular now, I think, than >> than that one. Yeah. And it has a splash pad over here on the side, which is nice. >> Very nice. Hi Regina, how are you? >> Welcome into the stream. >> Yes, it is. >> Man, my eyes are like, "No, I don't want to open. It's too bright." >> It's really bright. And the sand is white and it's very, very bright. >> Yep. Like being on the beach. And it's filtered sun right now. It's not even full sun. >> Okay. See if they have any of their Easter stuff out still. >> Here's the splash pad. It's so fun. And then the hat fills up and tips over. All right. >> This building also was turned into these. >> This one. Okay. >> I think it's this one. >> Yeah, that makes sense. It's, you know, semi close to the other one. >> Yeah. Um, Regina says, "Hi, Jenna and Sharon." Sharon, check your text. LOL. You have been added. >> Oh, thank you, Regina. >> I will check. I haven't looked at my phone. If anybody ever tries to message me when I'm in the park, they might get a slow response because I'm just taking it. >> Yeah, you're just enjoying. >> Do you know if Fishes and Cream still has the walk up for ice cream? Yes, there is a walk up window just for ice cream. >> Yes, there is. Oh, we can see um the tea room. >> Oh, yeah. >> I haven't been here since it opened. >> Keep checking every morning. >> Good job checking. I keep forgetting to check. >> I tell you about how Andy this sign and it's this pool that he was walking by Wendy and you know how it says pool rules. >> Yeah. >> But he said pool rules. >> So now whenever we walk by a pool rules sign, it's like pool rules. >> Pool rules. That's so funny. Oh my goodness. Thank you. That is funny. Oh, these wallpaper's pretty. >> I have a spare hand. >> Thank you very much. >> Um yeah, we're walking around the resort today. We actually did go into Magic Kingdom earlier cuz I wanted to see if um the uh Buzz Lightyear was open and it was. So, we got to ride that. And uh we took a ride on the People Mover. Oh, it feels so good in here. Okay, so apparently maybe it's just afternoon tea. >> Maybe waiting for us. >> They're waiting for us. I think so. I love the stained glass. That is so pretty. Well, >> it looks pretty similar to what you know. >> Or maybe since it's afternoon tea, technically they don't open until the afternoon. >> Somebody forgot their sunnies. >> I see that. I bet that's one of the most left behind items. Sunglasses and locks down there. >> Hat or hats. >> Sunglasses. Hats. Especially if you're inside. Sometimes people take, you know, the hat off. And the sunglasses, of course. >> Yes. This is a small space. >> Mhm. It is very small. Oh, okay. >> That's very small. Hi, Southern Bell. Grand Fian Cafe is one of my hidden gyms at Disney World. Yeah, they have great food there. I heard it's going to go under refurb here soonish. >> Yes. Yes, I did read that. Okay. Let's see what's in here. >> They have loose leaf tea. >> Oh. >> Ooh, black currant. Oh, they ruined it with lavender. I'm not a fan of lavender. Sorry. Me neither. >> To me, it's like soap. >> It tastes like soap. I 100% agree. I like lavender just not as a >> Oh, I love lavender as a >> not to eat. Yeah. >> In your in soap. >> Exactly. Fine. >> Yep. Agreed. >> It's just not my And they >> Some people love it cuz they put it in their you know Starbucks has a big lavender. >> It became really for a while. They were putting lavender in everything. >> Yeah, I'm not a fan. But that's okay. Some people are >> Oh, look. They got Cheshure Cat stuff. Oh, for the tea room. Oh, that's fun. Oh, that's so cute. Oh, yeah. Sure. >> There's my favorite queen. >> Uhhuh. >> Favorite queen. >> Oh, these are newish. All the, you know, mom, dad. >> Oh, grandparent. It's fun. >> Yeah. Dad has this one. Dad and grandpa. He has both. >> Cute. >> This is cute, too. I just saw at Springs the other day. this whole line with the matching towel and everything. These are really pretty. >> Mhm. >> I love strawberries, too. So, you know, >> yes, >> you can't go wrong. >> Strawberries you can add to my food, but not lavender. >> Not lavender. Yeah, I'm with you. >> All right, let's go upstairs. >> All right. >> Get a view from up top looking down. You guys >> still haven't been to this bar. >> I think I told you we came to this bar. >> Okay. Yeah. Oh, yeah. >> Apparently, it's not open now. >> No. >> Huh. >> Maybe. >> These two seats right here. The last two seats. You can also order like up here in the lobby. But this is really nice. >> Mhm. >> This is really pretty. And didn't you say Okay. Yeah, I remember now that you can only order drinks off of the menu. You can't do like a rum and coke or whatever. >> Yes. So, they have their they have a couple of cocktails, which I loved my cocktail. I thought it was great. >> And they have whatever beers they have. >> Hey, resort hopper. >> And that's it. >> Okay. >> And if you want a different type of cocktail where you're ordering like your own, you know, like you said, like ramen coke or whatever, you just go upstairs to the >> where they have a whole bar and they'll make you whatever you want. Okay. Sit down here. Stick to the menu. >> Okay. >> If you want something else, go upstairs. >> Go upstairs. Okay. Very nice. >> Hopefully, I'll get to try it sometime. Piano. We'll just go on up to stairs this way. Let's check in over here. I'm not seeing any eggs, but I don't know where they were at. Some of them were upstairs. >> Okay. So, we'll see >> cuz they used to put them all like right in here and they didn't this year, right? >> No, I think there's maybe a space issue and also maybe they were getting ready to go in the TV room. >> Oh, good point. Yeah, that might have been in the way. That makes sense. So, guys, also check out Behind the Ride in Disney Demystified. These are two books you can get on Amazon. Um, Behind the Ride explains how some of your favorite rides were created right here at Walt Disney World. And uh you can get the ebook, the hardcover copy, or even an audio book for Disney Demystified again on Amazon. Go check them out by David Mower. A pretty view down into the lobby. I do love the new the carpet. I didn't think I would, but it's gorgeous. They made it fit so well. >> It's It's really nice. Well, for this hotel, first of all, >> but it's just fits a really big grand hotel. >> Yeah, agreed. And they have a lot of hiddies in the carpet, too, which I love. So many. We were discussing the other day when we came in here, if they would if they bring back the big gingerbread house, where would it go? I mean, >> I mean, I know you can move some furniture >> probably back where it was, I would assume, >> cuz yes, they can move furniture out there. And then the tree usually goes right here. However, this is also new. >> Yeah. >> And I think they used to put the piano over there. >> It'll be a little more squishy. >> So, yeah. I don't know where they're going to put the Maybe at one point they put the piano over there. I think >> that's right. They did put it over there. >> So, maybe Yeah, you can put it over there. >> But it's It sounds better in here. >> Yes. You know, it does under there. It's under a roof. There just may be less seating during that time. >> If the afternoon tea was more reasonably priced, it would be so very popular. I think it is very popular cuz we can't get a reservation. >> We have not been able to get a reservation. Every morning I'm I'm ready before 6:00 to try to get it and I I haven't been able to get >> haven't been able to. So, um I think it is popular. It is pricey. So, maybe it's like a one time thing. >> Yeah. special like Victoria and Albert like that's like a special >> special thing. Yeah. >> My favorite view of the resort is right through the doors by the photo booth. >> Wait by the what? >> Photo booth. What's Where's a photo booth? Hi, Rosalie. How are you? Did you see the price of Hopper quoted for the tea party? Um John thinks it looks like an absolute bargain at $85 a person. Oh, it makes Goofy's kitchen look like an absolute bargain. Okay. I was going to say Gotcha. Well, again, it's an experience. >> So, >> some of those character buffets are expensive. >> So, you're doing it for the experience. And again, >> maybe just a one time thing. And then >> and then that's it. Or once a year kind of thing. >> I think it would be a fun like fun like um Mother's Day thing to do, you know, like >> Yeah. >> Mhm. Or girls or girls day. Yeah. Birthday. >> Oh, that would be a fun Gallentine. Yeah. >> Oh my word. Look at graduation. That is adorable. >> Okay, that is the cutest thing ever. >> Isn't it just like hard to think about? >> Uhhuh. Makes my brain 2026. >> It makes my brain really hurt. I know. Seriously. >> $29.99. >> Crazy. Crazy. >> I love this cute little tea set. Adorable. Tilt teapot to hear pouring sound. Oh my word, that is so cute. >> Maybe it's not on. >> Yeah. >> Oh, there we go. Oh. Oh my word. It sings. >> It sings like a little princess song. Okay, that is adorable. Hi, Kayla. Isn't that fun? It's really cute. >> Yeah. How much? How much? >> $36.99. That's not as bad as I thought it was going to be. >> They don't have a full set. >> Oh, I guess they do. Yeah, they have all the cups and all. Okay. >> Yeah. Oh, yeah. There's the other one. >> Yeah. Okay. Nice. >> There's your treats. >> Yeah. >> You get two treats. >> You get two treats. They share like half and half >> and four cups >> and tea. >> Of course. Tea. Mhm. >> It seems to you. >> I know. These are really cute. I had an Ariel doll that came with a flounder when I was little. Annabelle doll. >> Those were my two faves. She is so pretty. I love her dress. >> I graduated in 2000. Man, it's nuts to think how long ago that it was. >> But it just seems like yesterday. I know. Isn't it crazy? It's just It's crazy. >> It does fly by. It flies by >> so fast. Even like since we've moved here to Florida, I feel like where did the time go? >> We've been here for a while now. >> But it feels like to think about, >> but it feels like we haven't, you know, at the same time. >> I love that old video that you guys have up on your stream. I think it was from your parents house and there was a hurricane coming. >> Yep. The very first hurricane. >> You and Dale had just moved. >> Yep. It was a scary time for me because it was a lot of stress of moving and then the the stress on top of that with the hurricane and it was like getting you probably had just bought a house. Um we were stay with mom and dad until we found one. >> We didn't have to worry about your house getting damaged by the >> hurricane. Yeah, we sold the one in California so we were good there. But um I just remember thinking, "Oh my word." And it was a big hurricane, too. It wasn't just one of those like, "Oh, we might get some rain." >> We all sort of hunkered down in your parents house. >> Yep. We all went to mom and dad's and mom and dad left. Mom and dad went on a they were going on a cruise. So it was >> So they were they were out. >> They were gone. Yeah. They, you know, of course they had it planned. They felt bad, but then Josh and Steph and Liam and came and they brought their dog and their cat, Porty and Taz. So So whenever >> it was safe together >> when it got really bad uh weather, we all hunkered in the one bathroom cuz that was >> that's the best place to be. But it was crazy because it was Dale and I, Josh, Steph, baby Liam, >> Chloe, >> Murray, Mom and Dad's dog. We were watching Murray, >> Porty, and then their cat. It was a zoo, >> but it worked and we we were all fine. >> Any damage? >> Nope. A little water came in the front door, but not not bad. >> Yeah. >> So, no. The And the power didn't even go off. >> Oh, wow. >> We really lucked out. >> That's really good. >> Cuz the neighbors behind them, their power went out. But anyways, it's definitely a memory. And then Josh Josh and Dale decide to go outside to see how bad it is. And we're like, "What are you doing? Typical guy, you know." >> Yeah. >> Oh, I think they mean this when they come through the door and get a picture. This is their I get it. >> And they sometimes they have a Disney Oh, there is a Disney photo. >> Photo pass. Mhm. It is a great view when you come in. >> That's a really cool idea to have a >> photo. It really is. >> Hello, Peachy. And then they have a a basin here, which they also have in Disney Springs. Yeah, I love their um hand scrub that makes your hands like so super soft. >> That's a big store. >> It is a big store. They have all the decorative soaps. So many cool ones. >> I graduated in ' 82. I may have everyone beat. >> Nope. >> Nope. Sharon said, "No." >> Uh, I graduated just barely. >> Just barely. I graduated in uh Danny at Disney said, "I graduated in 1994. It doesn't seem like it's that long ago or that I'm as old as I am." I I I get it. >> I agree. I feel young. >> Yep. Same. >> And then when the numbers start coming up, what >> I know. And then sometimes when you >> the year you graduated or whatever. >> Yeah. Or like you wake up the wrong way and you're like, "Oh, I guess I am not that young anymore." Okay. >> All right. We'll go down these stairs and we'll head outside. Oh, they replaced these. It used to be a giant doily. Now there's two doilies. >> They're still giant. They're still giant, but not like the really giant one. I feel like they >> Something funny about the word the giant >> giant doily. >> I feel like they replaced this carpet. >> This is really pretty carpet. >> It is. >> Again, I would not put it in my house, but I love it for a hotel. >> Yeah, for the Grand Fian cuz it 100% goes with the fancymancy. Oh, here's the giant doily. No, just kidding. >> Oh, yes, that is a giant doily. >> I'm glad they didn't get rid of it. >> Yeah, that's actually pretty. And Mar says, "Sharon, you're you're young. You're only one year older than Jenna." >> Oh, see. >> So, you're 28. >> You're right. >> I'm 27. Always and forever. I love that. That's awesome. What ship is this? Oo, it's the Wish. I love the Disney Wish so much. >> Okay, which Disney ships have you been on? >> I've only I've only been on two. >> Okay. the Wish and the Treasure. >> Okay. >> And it's the same class. Um they're both amazing. Now, if I had to pick >> Yeah, >> I would probably pick the Treasure just because of the Haunted Mansion lounge. >> Okay. >> Um they have a Star Wars lounge on the Wish, which is also amazing. >> But I'm more of a Haunted Mansion fan >> and I could live in that lounge. >> Okay. >> All day. >> Good to know. >> Um otherwise, they're pretty much the same layout. >> Do they lead from the same portal? >> Yes. Portal. >> Port Canaveral. Yeah, the Destiny leaves from Fort Lauderdale. >> Okay, >> as of right now, they always switch them up and things, but for right now, I believe the Wish and the Treasure leave from Fort Canal. This is the adult only section back here. This infinity pool that kind of goes off >> the edge, and then there's two um hot tubs, a little bar, and then there's a coffee shop just for adults, too, back here. >> That's really What do What age do they >> I think it's 18 and over. Yeah, I believe 18 and over. All right, let's head outside. I'll be sailing on the wish on 41. Oh my goodness, I'm so jealous. Wait, >> 41 next year. >> April April 1st or is that an April Fool's joke? >> Yes, I was just going to say >> just popping in to say hi. I'm at work. Well, hello Magical Moments. How are you? 51 she meant. Okay, that makes more sense. >> That's coming up. >> That is coming up. Hi, how are you? >> There's the um Grand Fian Cafe and then we've got the 1900 Park Fair back here, which is delicious. I see the Wish in November. Who's coming? Tim says, I mean, I would >> Oh, Tim's going on the wish in November. >> Yeah, >> I think with his family. I would love to go, Tim. >> That sounds like in November. >> Yeah. >> Oh, we could go for my birthday. >> I think we need to investigate. >> Uhhuh. >> Tim, what what day? >> That would make a really nice birthday present. >> It would. It would make a very nice birthday present. What? Um, yeah. Send me the dates again, Tim. >> I'll have to look up some some pricing. >> Yeah, it's probably already booked. >> I'll be at the Grand Flow in August. need it so much and can't wait. A Lisa, I totally get it. Definitely. So, over here is the Grand uh what's this called? The um shoot gaspilla. Gasilla. >> I'm like, what is this called? The Grand Fian Gasprilla. No, >> they have good treats, too. >> They have good treats and good food, too. They have um a really good mac and cheese there that I like. Um flatbreads. I don't know. They have a lot of good stuff there. And you can still rent if you want to rent a pontoon from here >> or from the contemporary. Either one. >> This is where Dale and I rented. >> Very nice. >> Um from this one. Oh, I didn't >> Those are pretty good size. >> Yeah, they are. You can get I think it's the same one that that they do the um firework cruises on. So, I think you can get 10 people. Yeah. >> Okay. >> Mhm. So during the day you can just rent them to drive around and then at night is a separate like rental for the of course way more for the firework crews. >> I was thinking that could be a fun thing to do for >> Oh, that would be so fun. >> I need to get on that if I'm going to do it cuz they probably fill up. >> Yes, agreed. Definitely. Yeah, I would book it. Book it pretty quick. >> We'll let you know. >> Okay. You know, >> that would be fun. I would love that. Uh Emily says the best mac and cheese on property. It's pretty good mac and cheese >> at this gas. Oh, that's good to know. Okay, now you guys have me wanting mac and cheese. >> Mac and cheese. Rebecca's here. She said, "Good afternoon, Jenna and Sharon." >> Hi, Rebecca. >> Happy magical Monday. Hope you're having a good Monday so far, Rebecca. Can't wait to see you guys soon. Ish. >> Yes. >> All right. Well, while we're standing here with this gorgeous view, let's chat about um our platinum members of the channel. So, we have platinum members that we like to read their names and thank them every single stream. So, let me pull those amazing platinum members up. Let's see here. I love the music here. I think this would be a fun resort to visit for a dapper day in like your dapper outfit, right? That's coming up, by the way. Um, early May. >> Oh, okay. >> Early May. I I looked it up because I'm like usually it's around >> like the springtime surprise which is the race coming up but it's a little later. It's in May. >> It's actually right before the 4th. I think it's like 2nd and 3rd. >> Okay, >> so coming up. All right, guys. So, we have LoveGo Mini. Um, wait, sorry, I hit the wrong button. We still have LoveGo Mini. Haley Noel Leblanc Gray Rose Adventures. Total Care Tom Amy Moore 1 Big Guy 1 Tiffany Mertz Diane 515 Jack Sparrow Sorcerer Mickey my crazy grown-up life Chuck Polly the amazing Jayla Moxley Ski under Danny Will Miller Christopher Black James Han Ali Verismo and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our platinum members of the channel. All of our members of the channel as well as hoppers, moppers, shoppers, boppers, of course. Hey, Disney dad. Let's just do a little walk around this way and we're going to show I want to show them where Narosis is >> cuz that's a little difficult to find sometimes. Um if you know you're not really >> Yeah. >> looking or you know where it's at. It's It's not hard actually. It's over by the boat dock. >> Good. Cuz I always thought it was this way. Oh, that's I didn't know where it was. >> Yeah. No, it's this way. It's over by the boat dock. Um, so if you're coming out of the main building, you can just go down the main path, but we'll go this way. You can come this way, too, if you want. But love gasula. Make your own salad option in chocolate. Oh. >> Um, I don't know how to say that word. It's probably French. Is the best dessert no one knows about. Are those those little like cream puff things? Um, it's c h o u x. How do you say that? Yeah. I don't know either. I didn't even try. I think it's it's French obviously, so I I I don't knows. >> My son would like to move to Florida. So do I. Hope he can find work here that pays as well as New York, though he doubts that. Yeah, it is hard to find good paying work here. >> I don't think is as high here as other states. >> I agree. >> But the cost of living is a little less here. So >> it's a little less. Um it has, you know, home prices have gone up a little. >> Yeah, they have. >> They're starting to starting to level out a little bit. So, um, we'll go this way. Okay, let's see. Rosalie, congrats on 21 months of Resort Hopper Bronze. Hope you had a wonderful Easter. Thanks, Rosalie. We did. I hope you did as well. Um, we had a great time at went to church and then we went over to mom and dad's and had some dinner, played some games. Yeah, it was fun. It was a good afternoon. Had some dessert. Ate way too much. We had these little miniature apple pies from Trader Joe's. Oh my goodness, they were the best things ever. Um, and they were just the right size, you know, like like a cookie size, really. And then, um, we had some sugar cookies and my favorite peanut butter Reese's eggs. >> Oh, I love those. >> You cannot go wrong with those. >> My favorite. >> Me, too. So, I'm like, I cannot eat any more sweets for the like next week. I had all my weeks worth of sweets yesterday. It's all good. I'm gonna be running practicing for the race, so it's it's fine. >> No worries. >> Yeah. So, it's right here, Narosis. >> And it's gorgeous because you have a view of, you know, the park. >> View must be amazing. >> Oh, it's so good. So, so fun. And the the menu is good. Dale and I actually have a vlog from here. We went >> several years ago for our um anniversary here. Let's go back. It's not open right now. So, go check out the menu. Yeah, but um it's it is a little pricey, but you know, for again for a special occasion, >> it's definitely worth it. And again, the food was so good. >> I hear >> And they gave us a great table that faced right out to the water, which was nice. >> Wow. You can see the view. >> So, we've got um all the yummies. Let's see if similar to the last time we were here. I think did we get the scallops? I can't remember. I'll have to go back and watch my video. I remember what I got. And it could be different from the time we were here. But whatever we got in my dessert, I think was so good. >> But this is nice to see that there's cuz Andy's not really a seafood person. Yeah. >> That there are other things. >> Pork chop. Yes. Steak. >> Okay. Yeah, because they know some people are allergic, too, so they got to have other options. Yeah. >> Wild mushroom risoto. I didn't have that. That sounds so good. Um, it's hard to see with the glare, but >> the view is incredible. >> There you go. That's a little better. Yeah. Isn't that amazing? >> Okay. >> Yeah. >> Got to add it to your list. It's so good. Oh, it opens 5 to 9:30, it says. >> Hey, Desard Dream. How are you today? >> Hi, Jeff. I've never heard of this restaurant. Thanks for pointing it out. Yeah, it's a good one. Again, a little pricey, but nice for a nice occasion. And then over here to the right is the boat dock. So, say you're taking the boat to Magic or back from Magic, this is where you go for the boat dock. This is a building Josh and I stayed in right before we sailed on the treasure. >> That was a nice treat. >> It was so nice. So, so nice. boat launch to the Magic Kingdom. And this is also a great place to watch fireworks if you're here at Grand Flow right here. They pipe the music in. >> It's It's really pretty. >> Very nice. >> Yeah. See, see this view you will get from Narosis. Ain't that awesome? And some people will book it, you know, and then be able to go out here and watch the fireworks from this little balcony. Very nice. >> Mhm. Yeah. Josh and I's room was on the other side so we could watch the Montreals come in and out. It was really cool. >> Nice. >> But you're very cool. Hello, Penelopey. How are you today? We got 1,000 likes. Thanks everybody. Make sure you bop that like button. Hit the subscribe. Also, um go back and watch my Disney Springs vlog if you guys missed it. Posted it yesterday morning. What's new at Disney Springs for the month of April. Lot of new merch. I mean, so many new things you guys don't want to miss. And uh I think maybe we'll just go over here. We're going to we're going to say goodbye. And uh I'm hungry. >> I'm starving. Okay, we're going to go find some food and enjoy the rest of the day. But again, go back and watch my um video from Disney Springs. Also, go over to Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Hit the subscribe button over there as well. See, I think if we go a little further, we can see. And uh go watch our very last cruise vlog on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. And Dale has a new video coming out soon, too, from um we're we're trying out some different happy hour places and we went to one on i Drive. And so that video, it's it's a little bit shorter series, you know, cuz you know, you just go and show the food and the restaurants. So, but definitely go check it out and we'll probably do a few more around around Orlando. >> So, go subscribe. Thanks everybody for watching. Thanks to the moppers for mopping, hoppers for hopping. Thanks to all of our uh channel members, Patreon members, and uh just everybody being here today. And all our replay watchers and ninja watchers. We appreciate you guys. And Josh, I'm assuming Josh will be live tomorrow. And um stay tuned for Wednesday. I think it's going to be an afternoon um evening evening stream. Probably afternoonish um on Wednesday. So stay tuned. We were going to go to the opening of Buzz Lightyear, but since we've already done it >> Uhhuh. >> I think we'll we'll go somewhere different. So stay tuned for Wednesday of where we're going to be. All right, guys. Let's selfie it up. And thanks to Sharon for hanging out. Thank you. >> It was so fun. >> All right, guys. Well, we'll see you soon. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Byebye.
