---
video_id: ZbfTmUq_2Bw
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Saturday Morning at Magic Kingdom - Walt Disney World Live Stream- 2-7-26"
published: 2026-02-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbfTmUq_2Bw
---
for tomorrow. The next stop is the Magic Kingdom. Hold on to the handrails. We're going to go on Saturday. >> Oh yeah, that's what it is. And I said, "Yeah, for sure. I don't mind. Heat. Heat. Weird. Now temporary with your teeth. Not with your teeth. remember that. Let everything see where we stand. the best. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, Just stop No problem. >> Ladies and gentlemen, collect your belongings. Watch your head and chest. We hope you have Good morning everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I'm live here now at the Magic Kingdom. I hope you enjoyed that little Montreal ride there. And as you can see, the Montreals are back to normal today. That was really surprising when it came in that way. I was like, wait, what? Because the Montreals have been operating in the reverse direction where they actually um go from TTC to Poly and Grand Fian first and they follow the same direction as the resort line. Well, today they're kind of back to normal where it goes from TTC to Contemporary and around. So, I don't know what caused the change, but I actually like it. I actually like going through the Contemporary and coming in this way. I think it's a lot more festive. It's a lot more fun. So, who knows, you know, why they did it, but I I like it. I mean, you know, it's not a big deal, but either way, it was kind of cool to see. and definitely welcome in everybody. Thanks for joining me. >> I'm not sure. >> I'm sorry I'm late. It was a rough morning, but I'm here and that's all that matters. So, I'll I'll I'll fill you in more here in just a bit, but let me find a let me find a spot to uh to scan. And look, all these are empty over here. See that? That's fun. See, this is this is pro tips. Look for the line. Look for the path of least resistance when you're at Disney. Makes your day a lot easier. Sometimes you can't do that, but All right, let's go this way. >> Cool. >> Morning. >> Morning. >> Perfect. Have fun. >> Thank you. >> All right, here we are. you can fly. >> All right. >> Yeah, it was a tough morning. Not so much for me, but first staff. She wasn't feeling well and I told her, you know, obviously I stay home, but uh she said she was feeling better and she was wanted me to go ahead and go. So, um but yeah, she wasn't feeling good and I end up taking Liam to his friend's house so they can hang out uh so she can rest a little bit and then I'm going to go over for the friend's birthday a little later. So, it worked out fine. So, I've got an afternoon here at Magic Kingdom. So, we'll see. I was planning on kind of going from 9:30 till about 1:00 uh and that didn't work out. But you know what? It's more important that everybody's okay. So, so I'm here and then uh just dropping it off um at our friend's house. Um just took a minute and uh I wanted to we got to chat with them a little bit and enjoy that. And so I uh I didn't get here exactly when I thought, but it's okay. We're ready for a great day in the park. Look at that beautiful, beautiful, beautiful sky. Sun is shining. As they say in the song, it's going to be a bright sunshiny day. There it is. Awesome. Let's see. Well, I'm sure that the lines are longer than they would have been in the morning, but >> it's also it's Magic Kingdom, so there's tons of tons and tons of options. >> Good morning, everybody. Yeah, thanks for sending all the well wishes to Steph. She's not actually sick. She's just really dealing with some asthma stuff and uh some of her other um things that she deals with healthwise. So, she'll be okay, but we're trying to work it out. All right. >> I'm not usually late, but obviously it was a good reason this time. >> All right. >> I got you. Oh, you got it. Okay. >> Just going to help him out. All right. Poor guy. He's like, "Excuse me." Like really soft. All right. What do we got? What are the lines looking like? Uh, >> okay. >> Pirates is 25. Wonder if we should do that first before it gets even busier. >> Excited to be headed out tomorrow for Walt Disney World for a week. Nice. Have fun, Tim. I was looking on all the news websites, even the even though you WDW&amp;T and all the news sites are not yet reporting that the Montreals are going backwards. At least not that I could see or back to forwards again, I should say. Back to the normal the normal direction. So, I brought a sweater and I don't need it anymore. It is nice and warm. Sorry for all you guys up north. I know David was saying you guys are dealing with the super cold temperatures over there. Let's go check pirates real quick. >> Hey, David. Oh, >> is that Grayson? >> Can't see. I think it is Grayson. So, >> I know the piano tuner that tunes that piano now. He tunes at our school, too. It's really cool. He's a neat guy. >> He actually follows our channel, too. And it's like >> I would stop and listen, but I want to I want to make sure we get over to uh some rides before they get too busy. Now, as somebody mentioned about the grass being brown, as you can see right here, yes, uh the the frost and freeze. We had several days of freezing temperatures, and yes, that did kill or not kill at least, it did shock or put dormant a lot of the grass. I don't think, you know, it's kind of like up north. It doesn't actually die, but it goes dormant. Uh so, yeah, it did definitely uh shock the grass cuz we were frozen, I don't know, three, four mornings in a row with actual frost and ice all over everything. So, even Friday morning, we had frost in the grass. It's weird. I've noticed with frost like it doesn't actually the air temperature doesn't actually always have to be right at 32. Sometimes it'll happen when it's 34, 35. Must just be that things freeze at different um different times. >> School got Disney connection. Yeah, you could say that. >> But like >> Mommy Diva, shout out from Emily and Mark. Hello. And I'm sorry I didn't get say hi to everybody. I was kind of navigating the uh entrance to the park. Hey Amara, how are you? Good late morning. Yes, good morning. And again, sorry I'm so late. I had intended to start about 2 hours ago, but uh yeah, Magic Kingdom's still here. It's still fun, so we're all good. And it's still a beautiful day. In fact, it's even more beautiful than it was two hours ago because it's warmer. >> Remember when it snowed in April in Oklahoma? I don't remember that, but I I wasn't in Oklahoma, but I know that it has done that. The latest it ever snowed in Indiana was March. We got snow at spring break one time, and we were like, "This is not spring break." And we were a little salty about it. But yeah, we definitely had snow in March. Now, it did melt later that day, but it was it accumulated. Like, it wasn't like just snow showers. It was like I don't know 3 to 5 in or something. I think it it did melt mostly that day. Is it weird that I can taste the Joel whip just from seeing this? Not at all. There's a lot of ways that your senses and memories are activated as seeing certain imagery can definitely do it. Never experienced the Montreal not going through contemporary first. Thank you for juggling family needs to bring us Disney joy. No need to apologize. Oh, thanks Cory. Yeah, for sure. And Steph just texted me. She's doing okay. So, that's good. So, we'll keep Obviously, I told her to text me if she needs me to come home and no questions asked. We That's what we do, you know, but she's good for now. I'm not that far from home. About 20 minutes, so I could get home pretty quickly. It's about 30 minutes if the traffic's bad, but during the day, it's not as bad. >> Hi. How are you? >> Good. How are you? >> Good. >> Liam. >> Yeah. Nice to meet you again. Right. We saw each other once before. Yep. You look familiar. Very cool. Where you from again? >> I said they're trying to check us out. >> Okay. Super cool. You having a good day? >> I am. Are you? >> Yeah. So far, I just got here. >> Good to see you guys. >> Yeah. You too. Have fun. >> Family first. That's right. Thank you, baby. >> I appreciate that very much. >> All right, let's see how bad the pirates thing is. really like >> a pirates life is a wonderful life. A wonderful life for me. >> I heard, by the way, a pirate ac capella group at the um at the Singstrong festival that I went to recently. They were so good. I was like, man, they got to bring them down for uh Mickey's Not So Scary. In fact, I need to talk to my friend who is in charge. I was just at their house a minute ago who was in charge of the uh Singstrong because I feel like um if we could get I I feel like somehow I don't know anybody to figure out who I know at Disney. They need to contact this Pyro Capella group. They may not live locally so it may not work as well as the uh I'm sorry as well as the um it may not work but yeah, I don't know. Should we wait? It's only going to get worse. I don't know. Is it worth it or not? We'll see. Terra Dizzle celebrating member for 26 months. That's awesome. Terra, congrats. Should we wait? >> Let's see. Let's just see how long it is. I I don't mind. And I like this ride a lot. Uh I'd rather wait. It's, you know, it's what happens when you're running a little late. So, uh, let's Okay, so here we go. I'm going to start my stopwatch and I'll see how long it actually is. There we go. All right. So, there we go. Close enough. We got in line like maybe 30 seconds ago. Here we go. All right. Yeah, it's worth it. It looks longer than It's moving, though. It seems to be moving. So, let's just see what happens. So, we will we'll see. So, you guys will get to judge. Is it 30 minutes or is it not? So, here we go. So, we're going to test the accuracy of the weight times together here at Magic Kingdom. >> Is it 30? Is it more? Let's find out. >> Oh, Evan, I'm sorry you're sick. Yeah, we'll track how long the wait time is. And you know, no, I mean, it's impossible to get these things perfect. So, no, I imagine it's shorter, but no shade to Disney if it's not because it's hard to get it perfect. Uh, okay. Subscribe if you're new. Live. Is it Memorex? Oh, right now it's just live. And Memorax are all gone. Oh, well. At least we get to chat while we wait. It's the most important thing. Can I ask you a question? Can't you show some of the other forms of the rides? Uh, yeah. What do you mean? Of course, I'll I show we show all kinds of rides on here. We just started. So, give us a sec. Give us some time and we'll show as many rides as we can. We do that on every stream. Wondering if you and Jenna could see me and my father in person during my birthday. Uh my 24th birthday. Well, maybe. Yeah, we'll see. We're not able because of our busy schedules, we're not able to like guarantee special trips to the parks to meet people, even though we'd love to do that. I have my my regular school job and then I have my family to take care of and everything. So, I've got like a lot of things going on. if we happen to be in the same park at the same time, I would love to say hi to you. So, unfortunately, I just but I can't change plans at this point to uh to meet up. Love the tip video about getting to rides after fireworks. Thanks. Yeah, we're going to start doing that more. Just little clips from the video. In fact, I might clip this one just to see if the wait time's accurate. Obviously, I'm not going to do a 30-minute clip, but like maybe a clip with time stamps on it. That might be fun. All right, so Tiana's only 20. I should have done that. Should I bail and do Tiana? What do you guys think? It might be long though, too. Let's just stick with this. It's moving. I didn't even see Tiana. This is moving a lot. This is fine. Look at this. This is moving like crazy. This is going to be like 20 calling it. Any plans to do an after hours? I want to. We just have to fit it in the budget. We're pretty tight right now. So, I just got to figure that out. Yeah. And, you know, nobody needs to send us anything. I'm just trying to just trying to balance it all out. Hey John, we need to start making our Kalchi style bets over on over under on weight times. Yeah, there you go. I don't know what Kali is, but I'm sure it's cool. Oh, Robert's putting in ride number two. Yeah, Montreal technically wants the first ride. Oh, I'm so glad. So glad I made your day better. Yes, we're sticking with pirates. I think that's the that's the move. Good morning from Elton, Maryland at 17 degrees and 50 mph. Wow. >> Yep. David said it was minus what do you say - 13 or 14 windchill there in New Jersey. I mean we were just there last week in Long Island close to New Jersey and it was bitterly cold. Tiki world man small world. Thanks. Maybe I'm missing them on your other videos. Um, yes. No, we've done them. It's just not not super often. Small world I did not too long ago. Um, Tiki Room I kind of avoid sometimes cuz it's got like eight it's got like 12 copyright claims on it and it does affect um the revenue on the video quite a bit. So, I'd kind of avoid it for that reason. But, we'll see. If it was just one claim, it'd be it'd be fine. But it takes so long to take off 12 planes. Hey Jay, thank you. Sky is always perfect. Not always, but it is today. We get our cloudy days too, but it is usually sunny. >> How are you? >> Good. How are you? >> Good. >> Yeah, I remember you. >> I remember you. Good to see you. >> Good to see you again. How you doing? Good. It's always good seeing students. >> I do need to change over to my pirate connection. That kind of sounds like fun. Sounds like I didn't pay for it. Thank you for pirates. That's a great ride. You're welcome. October Forever film $9.99. Thanks for the stream today. Thank you very much. October Forever. Appreciate that. >> All right, let me switch over real quick. And I'm back. Uh, David, yeah, don't do not put your tongue on anything metal outside. Have to have to get Gia and Issa out there to um with some hot water. All right, we're back. All good. So, yes, we do try and do everything. We There are certain things we definitely do less often, but um but yeah, sometimes for sure. USA scores. What are we playing? The um hockey maybe, not soccer cuz it's winter. So, >> yeah, I saw one of my former students in the um in the airport on the way back to New York, too. So, that was fun. This is really fun to see everybody. No, I'm not in wide angle. Nope. This is the normal angle here. Let me show you the difference. Wide angle looks like this. Is that better in the queue? Is it better to do the wide in the queue? I don't know that the lens quality is not as good, but it is wider. Women. Okay. Women's hockey versus Finland. Nice. >> Yeah. So, that's wide angle. Yeah, Super Bowl tomorrow. I know a lot of Eagles and not Eagles, sorry, Seahawks and Patriots fans are excited. We're moving really good. Yes, a lot of lot of cheerleaders and dance teams around. This >> may not be the most exciting start to a stream ever, but I don't know. We'll see. I like normal wine gives it a fisheye curve. It does a little bit. Yeah. Animal Kingdom. Yeah. It's rough because there's not as many rides, you know, and stuff. Um I don't know. It's a great question. I I don't think that I think it's kind of it's kind of um it is definitely a half day park now and it is kind of rough going there now. So I think there is that that aspect to consider for sure. >> Oh, we got Tik Tok videos going on. Oh, hey, Short Trooper. I saw you earlier there, Andrew. It's great to see you. Yes, lots of pirates in line today. It's moving pretty fast, though, so we're going to see um we're going to see if we can um if we can get in here before the 30 minutes. We'll see. >> Yeah. No, the new, you know, Tropical Americas is going to be great at Animal Kingdom, but I think uh until then, it's rough, but there is still a lot of things to do there. Not ride related shows and things. It is definitely a half day park for sure now. But I would make sure if you're doing Animal Kingdom, you stay as long as you want. You can buy a full day ticket there, but maybe the the the best move is to make it um is to make it a uh park hopping day or to make it maybe a partial resort day or something like that. I think that might be your best bet. Yeah, I I'm same way, Andrew. I don't like standing still either. Might be pretty close. We'll see. Heat. Heat. Wow, we're moving like super fast now. This part Wi-Fi was good with streaming. No, so I use mostly cellular. Um, but sometimes I switch to Wi-Fi. Our six-year-old Marcel is obsessed. He's been waiting all morning to go live. You're on his favorite ride. That's amazing. Hi, Marcelo. It's good to see you. I'm so glad that you're enjoy the streams. That's super fun. Oh, nice. >> Oh, John Williams conducting VN. I've seen that one, David. That's a good Those are good videos for sure. Not the most exciting start to the stream, but I thought if I don't do it now, it's going to be it's going to be rough later, I think. It'll just get worse. It'll be fun to do it now. It says 45 now to see where How are you? >> What's that? >> What you filming? >> Oh, we do I do live streams in the parks on, you know, whenever I have time. So these your these your girls so cool wanted to be built. >> Well, they look beautiful. >> Not bad for a grandpa. >> Oh, did you do that? >> I did. >> Oh, fist bump on that one. That's awesome. >> No, he was awesome in drum line. That was so fun. I just >> It was so fun. I saw Carmelo the other day on that. >> Oh, you did, >> dude. No, it's so fun to see everybody. I keep saying it'd be cool to have a little alumni party for people that still live here, but maybe we'll do it one of these days. >> I live up in the panel now, so >> Oh, you live a little further away. Okay. Well, I'm glad you got to come down to Disney. >> It's your birthday tomorrow. That's why we're here. >> Ah, happy birthday. How old are you going to be? >> Eight. My son's nine, so about the same age. >> You, too. All right, we're almost, let's see, here almost 15 minutes in here. Would you say we're halfway? >> No, I don't buy Lightning Lane anymore. I guess I could have today, but problem is it used to be where you could get up at 7 and buy it and have the best like the best chance at having like a great um like great weight times, you know, great um lighting weight times. But now you actually have to um you know you have to get them a couple weeks ahead of time and resort guests get them first and I get all that. Totally understand it. But it makes it less attractive for somebody that has an annual pass that's not staying in a resort. So I just I just go and ride the rides I can. Watching your stream to cheer myself up after being told all cancer treatment is stopping on my mom. Oh no, Eden, I'm so sorry. So sorry. Hopefully you can enjoy all the time that you have with her still. >> But yes, I I can't even imagine. That's that's a tough one for sure. Uh Dcast, wow, $50. Thank you so much. Appreciate that. Wow. He says, "Enjoy your channel. Plus, I'm in your membership program, too. Keep up the good work." Uh, thanks, DC. Thank you so much, Dave. I appreciate that. No, maybe not Dave. I just made that up. But either way, Dcast, thank you so much. Really appreciate it. That's very kind. I'm sorry I wasn't trying to make up your first name there. Oh, that's a that's a fun shot. It's a Mario fish behind me. Oh, thanks, Dave. I appreciate that. All right, there you go. I really appreciate it. Helps a lot. They call it cheap. That's what they're called. Cheap cheap. Cheap cheap. Dying at Disney. Hello. Welcome. at Disney. Hello. Hey, Alberto. I have a um have a video coming out a little later um of the value resort versus um regular resort. So, I want to put that. I'm actually going to make sure that goes off. It was It was going to post at two, but I'm going to make sure it goes after I'm done. Let's change it for four for now. Maybe change it for three. Just don't want it to go on while I'm live. normally watch on TV but decided to chat since I'm watching Olympics on TV. Hey, that's good. That's good. Yep. Almost in the door. Yeah, it's warm today. It's weird. Always the morning temperature, even if it's in the 50s, feels warmer than the night temperature. And I don't really know why. Like 50° in the morning and 50° at night feels different. Probably just the sunshine. I guess in the morning it's like whatever. Short sleeves. What is it right now? 57 and I'm like cool. But last night I was, you know, a little chilly. Oh, it's 67 now. So yeah, 10 whole degrees warmer now. USA scores. All right. Keeping us up to date. Now I need to take my sweater off, but I can't right now. >> Thanks for warming us up after snow blowing and negative attempts. Yep. It's rough. I know. I hope you guys warm up soon. I've heard it's coming. It's the same as 50° in fall. Feels different than 50 in spring. Yeah, it's weird. It's like you can feel when the temperatures are on the upswing or the down swing and it feels different. Sounds like women's hockey is 40 now. They're up four 4 Z. Yo yo guys Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. I wonder who how long Okay, here's the history. Just looking at everybody with the mini ears on, especially all the cheerio groups where everybody's wearing them. So, okay. So, how long have they had the mini ears specifically the ladies mo mostly wore? And when was that came when was that come up with? Whose idea was it? Cuz man, it was like a billion dollar idea. Wind lake effect or or ocean effect for us. Barometric community differences in the day will affect how it feels. Yeah, for sure. Holding an open house in Michigan and enjoying the live stream between people stopping by. Nice. Nice. >> Well, we got 8 minutes until we're behind. Yeah, seriously, that many years idea is like a multi-million dollar idea at least. Um, I don't know in the Super Bowl. I'll probably root for the Seahawks just cuz I've never liked the Patriots, but we'll see. Sorry to anybody in New England. Although, Patriots are totally different team, right? I mean, obviously Tom Brady, Bill, Bill Bich, all those players are gone from the era that I kind of rooted against them when they were always beating the Colts. They were like the Colts kryptonite for a while. It was Manning, Pton Manning's kryptonite. Bill Bichc had his number for a while there, but they finally beat him. Finally got to the Super Bowl. Sanders has been snowing all day. Wow. Crazy. They're moving really good over there. Sunlight's getting longer. I hear more birds now when not snowing. Yeah. I'm surprised birds are coming back up there though in the north. They usually don't wouldn't come back till >> March or so, right? With the spring. Starting with the spring. Remember all of your friends? Heat. Heat. How many years have they been around since at least 20 2010? Yeah, that's what I was wondering. I wonder if some like third party sellers did it first and then Disney's like, "Wait a minute." That's our thing anyway. The the ears are copyrighted anyway, so they just started doing their own. I don't know. According to Google, Roy Williams came up with the ears based on a 1929 cartoon where Mickey tips his ears like a hat. Oh, >> that's interesting. Oh my god. Oh, David. Yeah, I would love to have the the pirate ac capella group. I think Rusty Cutless is good, too. I think they're both good. It's just they're just they're just different. >> See what time the parades and stuff are today. I wasn't planning on doing parades, but >> 3:00. Okay, we'll see. >> In New Hampshire last week, walked around at 12:00 p.m. There was bright sun, cold but bearable temps. Yeah, sometimes when the sun's out and it's cold, it can still be kind of okay. The first many years were 1996. The designer version first pair came out in 2017. That's when the craze collecting started. Okay. Interesting. So, they had them, but they weren't like They had them, but they weren't like as popular. Oh, if you lose sound, then just close and reopen the video. Again, if you lose sound, close and reopen the video. favorite coffee place. I don't like coffee, so I just like to get cookies at the coffee places. So Starbucks, I guess, on Main Street here. >> Oh, that's awesome, Ryan. Oh, very good. Sandra, we are It's going to be close. It's going to be probably just a little over 30. And Mar says, "If you have audio and video issues, just request the stream. It fixes 94.67 of the issues." Yeah. Never had anything from Cake Bake. >> Yeah. So, I don't know. I think I was just offended by the $25 piece of cake. It's like a whole meal. That's the price of a whole meal a lot of places. >> Oh, the red tags. Yeah, they used to have those. Yeah. >> How confident are you about Disney following through on the new add-ons to the parks, quality and time, and do you think it will be another Tron situation? >> Uh, I think they'll follow through as best they can. I don't think it's going to be a uh, you know, Tron situation cuz they did have CO in there where the um where the um, they did have CO in there where the um, what do you call it? >> Well, the the construction stopped for a while. right here. You're >> welcome. traveling with the chair here. You have my chair just kind of continue on your right hand side and you guys can follow the right behind. Thank you so much. Yeah, I think they will. Universal rally. Yeah, I think they'll carry through. All right, there we are at 30 minutes. >> Yeah, they could do something with the Toronto for minimum cost and fiber optics. I know. That's what's crazy to me is the just the little things that they don't do. I thought there'd be some kind of like movie projection thing in there. Probably a few years ago there would have been, but it's all about investors and money now. >> Maybe Josh tomorrow will bring some fresh ideas in. Who knows? I mean, not that he wasn't already. He was already the parks person. So, who knows? It just it does just seem like always kind of more the bare minimum now >> as opposed to like going above and beyond and like going, you know, doing crazy crazy things. My future nephew is going to be named Liam. That's awesome. Let's see what the wait time is for the ride. Now, >> you're part of the Josh Club. I know, right? I can't see the weight times right now. I don't have my Wi-Fi on this one. >> Uh, one You guys have a party. Ready, my friend? I'll have you roast in that second boat. Right now, Pirates is at 35. So, actually, it's pretty accurate based on the fact that the weight says 35. Now, Disney won't go be above and beyond unless the numbers start decreasing. Yeah, it used to be more about the pride, I guess. >> At least it seemed that way. Yes, David. For sure. Yeah, I know. A kiss good night to Animal Kingdom, not Magic Kingdom is pretty crazy. The bathroom for your safety remain keeping your hands, arms, feet and legs inside the boat and it's All right. So, oh, here. Let's look. When we first got on the ride, it is at 34, which makes sense cuz I actually I actually got in line. I didn't check the time until about 30 seconds. So, at 34 minutes, the current wait time is 35. That's actually pretty good. All right. I call that a win. Good job, Disney. Keep in your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat and watch your children and Prepare to make shell No heat. Heat. Heat. Why is that clear? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. It's that sparrow up and unfortunate. Run up your white flag, you scrubby snow, and bring me the I I'm a me treasure. Now you should be shocked. I hear death ahead. You got to know. >> Strike your feathers, lady. Show them your flock. >> Hey, send them h to D. It's the run they want. Get me out of here. I wonder Jack Sparrow will never normally you'll never find the treasure without looking Yeah. You house. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. That busted picking. See that one? There's a toast more than you should see and be black B drink your own. Drink up. There's treasure enough for all. I should take this book to start my business. Welcome back from the pirates. >> Oh, bye >> guys. Go ahead. >> Thank you. >> So nice to meet you girls. >> Have spoken well and guided you well. Yeah, your dad was a good kid. >> Should be like him. >> I still tell people stories about what we did back there at that school. It was pretty amazing actually. >> He was a good kid. What happened to him? >> He's got these girls to keep him in line. >> What's that? >> Oh, yeah. Well, I still I'm sure you still keep him under under control. That's That's right. Well, you guys have a fun rest of your day. >> See you. >> I know. >> Kyle. Kyle. >> Oh, that's nice. >> Makes me happy. >> What a great day. So beautiful after all the cold relative cold, but still. Yeah, but we we were freezing several times this week. That's weird for Florida. We were in the 20s multiple times in the last week. That's weird. That's that's weird for here. So, it's nice. It's the nice thing about living here is that it gets warm fast. Like, you know, it doesn't take but a few days to get warm again. All right. So, let's see. Let's go. Uh me look at my weight times here real quick. Also, I need to switch back to the regular connection. So, here. Let me just uh let me just pause for just a second. This will be real fast. I pushed start and it didn't go. I'm sorry. >> Sorry. Oopsie. I thought I pushed start. It didn't go. Sorry about that. Anyway, I was saying I was say I was talking about the the former student that I just saw and I said a bunch of stuff and you didn't hear any of it because apparently I wasn't live for some reason. That was weird. Not sure what was going on there, but >> Okay, so let me go up here. Apparently, you can see some of the river work for the uh for the new um the new river that's going to be in where the Rivers America was. I'm sorry about that. I I I hit go and it didn't go. >> Or maybe I just missed the button. Oh yeah. Oh my. Oh man. >> Yeah. >> Oh, I'm sorry about that. Anyway, I was talking about my former student that I met there. Um, and it was just so good to see him and meet his daughters. Um, was from my first couple years at Hay City and it was just uh it was a lot. It was a big struggle uh to get that program going again because the director that they had had basically just neglected them and not done anything and he got fired for it, rightfully so. But like they just needed a little bit of love and care and uh once we got it working it was really cool. we really got it moving in the right direction and he was he was in that group that we that we were that was there um that student was or that well obviously an adult now but that that former student was in that group um that helped us rebuild that program at Hane City and uh I was say I was saying earlier he was the he was the center snare drummer meaning he was the um the strongest snare drummer and um basically you put your strongest snare drummer in the middle in marching band you you um in marching band you um you put your strongest players in the middle and listen in. Anyway, it was so cool to see him and so cool to see his family and just it's neat to see all those kids or former students over the years and I don't know just talk about all the cool things we did there and and whatever. It's just really neat. I saw another student from that same era um at the airport the other day. So, I don't know. Super cool. I love it. It's neat to see everybody. All right. I was saw on the news where instant hibernating iguana collection crews were out. Oh wow, that's interesting. >> So hopefully this uh uh hopefully Big Thunder gets back open here eventually. >> No, I don't I I wasn't trying to say an adult had the kid vibes at all. It was just that he was one of my students, so I always said kids because he's been an adult for a long time now. So, he was taking his girls down here for um one of the birthdays. So, this is crazy to see trucks driving around over there where the where Tom Sawyer Island used to be. So, the island would have been right there. Yeah, they kept literally nothing. And then that area by Haunted, they're starting to do something with that now. I don't know how much you can see. You can see quite a bit. There's your construction update for uh the cars area here at Magic Kingdom. What it's going to look like. We won't be able to see anything once we go down, but looking up the hill, there used to be trees up there. >> Crazy. I'm a snare drummer. Awesome. >> Yep. Maybe that's Piston Peak. But yeah, this is the construction here. Let's go back up here one more time because you can't see it once you get off the hill. So, this is the this is the uh construction for the Piston Peak area. Um, and apparently somehow you can see construction of the of the waterway there. But yeah, raising and lowering the train. Yep. I don't know. It's weird. Like that would have been back there in the back where those vehicles are. That would have been where um the back area with with the the for the little house that was on fire all the time. And um the fishing area with that guy that was always fishing. Uh Beacon Joe I guess is his name. And uh that would have been the back right there by the tree line I believe. Unless they cleared the tree line. How crazy. It will be cool seeing Cars and Villains, but man, I always think about what was and why they couldn't have put it somewhere else. But whatever. All right, I'm going to go on. I'm just kind of like crazy about it right now. You can't really see much. Even going up here, you can't really see much more. You can kind of through that tree a little bit. >> That shows a little more. I just have to zoom for you. >> There you go. That's fun. >> All right. Well, let's go back down and around. See what else we can ride. I'm going to need to get a snack at some point. I definitely uh wasn't planning on streaming through lunch, but anyway, Tiana's wait time. Uh it is 30 something, I think. 35. >> Let's go strolling a little bit. >> I don't know that I want to jump right away into another 30-minute line. Go ahead and hit the like button while you're here, though, enjoying this beautiful day with me. It's pretty cool. Mama excited about Cars Land, but all I hear about the villain section. Yeah. Or or sorry about Villains Land. All I hear about the car section. Sorry, I flipped it. Um Yeah. I'm not really sure why that is. This is still interesting here because they do have like they have it they didn't cut out here. So, you can kind of still see like the the dock and things like that here. It's kind of interesting. There actually used to be that actually was a secondary unloading zone for the rafts. So, that was a place where people could actually get off if they needed to. Another unloading zone. And they actually would park a raft here during the day. So, kind of interesting. They store some of the parade stuff in that little shack. I've seen them getting getting it in and out of there for the parades. Get beignetes. It's not a bad idea, actually. Could be tempted to do that. Let's do a couple more rides and things first, though. I also need to put the camera down for a second, take out the uh take my uh sweater off and put it away. So, I think the villains thing is coming along. I just think it's it's the Cars Land is much further along in the planning. I think they're still trying to nail down exactly what Villains Land is going to be because at D23, they had very few details on it. So, I think they're really just trying to nail down what it is. >> Okay, >> here. Let me put let me let me set down here on this uh platform and we'll uh >> we'll uh change out my sweater real quick. We'll come back for Mario. Who else did we get? Daddy, >> where do I put these? In the bag. >> Who else do we get? All right, there we go. That's better. Now I'm not nearly as warm. All right, let's go. >> Hi Joshua. It was great meeting you a couple weeks ago just after your Magic Kingdom stream. That's awesome. Yes, it was great meeting you as well, Jonathan. Oh, that breeze feels real nice. Sorry for anybody that's stuck in the cold. We'll we'll stay warm for you down here. Come on down anytime. By the way, um you can come down anytime if you use our sponsor mickeytras.com. That's mickeytras.com. They will help you book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World or any Disney park or cruise. It's mickeyras.com. And uh you just go to their website and one of their expert travel agents will help you uh plan your trip. And it doesn't cost any more than a regular Disney vacation at mickeyras.com. Again, that's mickeyras.com. So, go check it out. >> Oh, hi. >> How's it going? >> We brought you the rest of the keychains. >> Oh, have to do that. Oh, yeah. >> Okay. And I can't remember which one I gave last night. >> She gave her the the stitch one. >> Okay. So, then she needs the big picture. All right. >> That looks like a sticky mess. >> It is. >> Okay. All right. So, I don't think you got Winnie the Poo. >> No, I don't think she did. >> Okay. And then here's the pigment. >> Oh, thank you. >> Okay, hold on. Didn't you and your son like um >> Oh, Gravity Falls. >> Um, not specifically. >> Oh, okay. >> I don't know. Yeah, I don't I don't know what that one is as well. I've heard of it, but I don't know it very well. Yeah. No, we're not that. Sorry. Thank you, though. >> Where was I getting that from? >> I'm not sure. I don't know that one as well. He doesn't I don't think he does either, but that's it's I've heard of it, though. >> It's really fun. Okay, let's check it out. >> And we gave you ones for mom and dad. >> Yes. >> Okay, we did. Okay, perfect. What about your wife? >> I actually ended up having a couple extra, so we've got we've got plenty. Yeah. So, thank you. >> But I wanted to get you those. >> Yeah, we had a couple extra Mickey ears that for them. So, >> I appreciate you guys very much. Thank you very much. >> We appreciate your stream. >> Oh, yeah. For sure. What's now? What's that? That's a >> We're not We're not 100% positive. >> It looks like a sticky bun or something. creme. >> We ended up we asked for water at Gaston's Tavern >> and uh they put us right to the front of the line. So, we gave the the cast member a keychain and then they gave us this. >> Oh, >> did you want do you want to try some of it? >> No, I'm good. I just hadn't seen it before. >> It looks like it's got some cream coming out of it. >> Yeah. Oh, okay. So, I think it's vanilla vanilla custard on the inside. >> Yeah. >> So, I mean, it looks amazing. I am just so full. I know. That's the hard part. >> Yeah. >> Right. >> Well, try a couple bites and then you didn't buy it so you don't feel too bad about about tossing it. >> So, right. >> Oh my gosh. >> Right. >> All right. Well, thank you for stopping. Yeah, for sure. >> No problem. And I hope that you guys get your 3D printer. >> Yeah, >> I know your son's looking forward to that >> one of these days. >> It's understandable. >> If you ever see me on chat, just uh just ping me for any advice or anything. >> Tell me your chat name one more time. >> Astron 3778. >> Astron Okay, got it. You'll see her more often. >> Yeah. Under Brown Coat Rose, Bell Lane, or Sherry Berry. >> I never know why YouTube changes it. >> Oh, I don't know. >> Changed my names a few times. >> Yeah, it's done the handles thing a little bit. So, the channel name and the handle are different now. So, >> it's so weird. >> It is weird. Yeah. No, they let So, they changed it back and they changed it uh they changed it back to channel names and then back to handles a couple times. And I asked my YouTube rep, they're like, "Yeah, they wanted to change the handles, but they're still figuring it out." I'm like, "You can tell them it's fine. We're good." >> Yeah, please. >> Nobody Nobody wants that. >> You don't need to make it more confusing. >> I I would actually pay them to not have it that way cuz it's so hard to read. I had somebody Teresa Veester was on last night and I said, "The rea >> the rea." And Jenn goes, "Teresa." I said, "Yeah, that makes more sense." >> Oh my lord. But because it's all just one word. >> That's why we need spaces. >> Yeah. That's that's why there's grandma because or grammar because uh um let's eat grandpa. >> Yeah. Right. Let's eat. Let's eat comma grandpa and let's eat grandpa are two very different things. >> Uh-huh. I used to work at a bookstore and there was um Eat Shoots and Leaves was a was a book. A grammar book. >> Oh yeah. >> Oh yeah. >> Yep. >> That's funny. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> I always love that. Well, hey, well, you guys have a good rest of your day and thank you for the keychains. >> Absolutely. >> We'll see you. >> Man, it's so nice out here. thought about Hall of Presidents, but I don't think I can don't think I can get through that one right now. So, we will keep going. So beautiful. Okay, so they did start doing some of the castle repainting work. I haven't been here since they did it, but they're starting to take off some of the gold trim, which I actually like. But, you know, I get it. is part of the process. So, we'll see the moat drained. Uh, okay. No, it's draining. I Wisconsin. That's cool. IU's winning, huh? Yeah. You can see some of that where there's gold trim over here and then not but not right on the left here. They're definitely working on it. Camel might be a little bony. Oh, why is it lagging in the middle of the day here? What is going on? >> Yeah, I I'm I'm I'm excited to see what it looks like when it's changed. I did like the gold, but it'll be nice to see it back. >> What What is lagging? Why is it doing that? Is that all they want? I've got it. >> All right, hold on, guys. Let me let me reset the stream real quick and see what's going on. Oh, heat, heat. Hey. Oh. All right, we're back. I don't know what was that, but I switched around some things at the signal, so we'll see if it's better now. Either way, we're here. This is the uh Magiking and painting or castle painting update. >> So, looks like the the moat is drained, but not all the way yet. And then it looks like from here, you can see again some of the golden trim has started to be painted over. And even some of the uh some things have started to be painted gray. it looks like on some of it. Back and front. Yay. I love it. All right. So, there you go. Now, let's go around. Let's go around this way. See what else we can see. Keep me posted on the signal how it goes. If this if that fixed it or not. >> So, it was actually just randomly disconnecting. That was the problem. You'd be amazed for all the uses at all uses for keychain, zipper, pull, embellishments on the jackets. >> I wor >> Oh, yeah, for sure. >> Yeah. >> No, I'm I'm definitely definitely familiar with that. That's pretty cool. You can use them for a lot of things. >> You like the original colors? Yeah, I think I mean the original colors are the the gray and the darker blue. or I don't know is it a lighter blue? I guess either way it's the gray on top instead of the pink. >> The pink does look um brighter when it is cloudy. That is the only that's the main benefit of that. But let's look at it from the front here. Let me switch my brightness a little bit here. There we go. All right, let's go over here. >> Might be time for some people move riding. How are you guys? Pub is nice and calm right now. Might after I'm done here, I might do a relaxing stroll. It's kind of a nice day for it. give you guys some nice views. >> Before we do that, let's go around this way real quick. >> You can get a better view from the front. Go around this way. >> I wonder if there's a uh >> wonder if there's this cavalcade anytime soon. Do you guys know? >> Over by the cafe. Let's go down here for just a second. >> There we go. Okay. Well, what color is the >> So, you can't really see the differences from back here. >> The cavalcere this morning. Okay. Thanks. Sorry, I'm kind of random. >> Yeah. >> All right. Sorry, I got distracted. We'll uh >> we'll keep going. >> Kind of just enjoying the sunshine to be honest. So, there's nothing till the parade at 3 then is what I'm hearing. That makes sense. >> Let me do a really quick restroom break and then we'll ride people over. And >> we'll see what else we can ride. >> I'm trying to absorb it through the screen. Go for it. You can do it. All right. Be right back. Hopefully I can actually do this right this time with the BRBs and the switchings and all that. All right. Yep. There we go. It's working. Be right back. You want to meet you? >> Oh, right over here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Well, well, Heat up here. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, I I have to go pizza. sitting on this. >> Welcome back. >> Let's go. Not very busy here. Thanks for sticking with me. >> After all the the craziness of the day, it's kind of nice to just relax a little bit. So, I'm not doing as many rides and stuff right now cuz I've just kind of been in the atmosphere. And I hope you guys do, too. I know if you're in the cold, you might enjoy that a little bit. >> Front and side. >> They only do their parties. I know. I wish they would have the restaurant here. Like, it's such a huge space that they could use and everybody like, not everybody, but a lot of people walk right through it. So, it seems like a good place for a restaurant when people are already walking through it. Oh my gosh, those burgers smell good from cosmic rays. The wind's blowing the the smell right over here. Hello all, I'll be in Walt Disney World on 17th to 21st of February. Nice. Enjoy. Kind of concerned about the weather. It's going to be fine. It's not going to get super cold again. They're going to be fine. It should be dry, too. We don't have a lot of wet weather. We don't have a lot of rain in February. I can't say that for sure, but based on past history, this seems to indicate that that is what will happen. It usually warms up in February, too. January is generally our coldest month just like it is everywhere else. >> Still are we still lagging? >> What? Yeah, the signal is having trouble today. I don't know what it is. It's not even that busy. I just keep switching to different things. All right. Well, sorry. Doing my best. I guess maybe I need to leave the Wi-Fi on. Maybe that's the next the next step, I guess. Guess we'll see. So appreciative of the stream. The hard Michigan winter really starting to annoy me. Seeing the sun and nice weather is encouraging. Oh, thanks. I'm so glad. Well, I I know like when I used to live up north, like I understand that cuz you can deal with it here for a few days, but but man, when you have to deal with it for months, it's rough. Actually, here it's been a it's been a few weeks, but with little breaks of warmth and it's not anything like up there. So, it is way easier here for sure. And here we are like 70 today. So, can't complain about that. Yeah, I get it. What is it right now? >> 6. Yeah. 69. So basically B 70. >> It may never be nice again here in Pennsylvania. I understand that. >> TAT. >> Thanks, Jack. Even if it starts something, all good. You do a great job. Doesn't stop me from watching. Thank you. I appreciate that. We really really try to keep it consistent, but it's not always easy. So now if it lags on here, I'll just I'll just switch it back to the Wi-Fi thing. So we'll see. The weather's too nice. Prank pranky spirits are putting pranks on the live stream. I love that. That one could be non-stop service around. >> Yeah, the line is it's probably 20 minutes. It's that time of day where everything's busy. They planned on being here earlier, but you know, didn't work out. That's okay. Uh, spread the love. We're on the road to 214K. Be a dream to hit that by Valentine's Day. That's right. 214 by 214. That's fun. Be pretty rough. We need about 600. We're about 213 400. It's been very slow subscribers lately, but it'll pick up once the spring kind of kicks in and people start planning vacations. So, but if you are new, subscribe. You know the drill. >> It's free. You got nothing to lose. Totally free. It actually um looks like this is uh 15 minutes here. Oh, that now it's going to not focus on it. >> GTA. >> Yeah, 15 minutes. 60 mph on your stream makes it easier. You put on a great stream. The imperfections make it real. Thanks, Karen. Are you driving at 60 m hour? That's cool. Does anyone know anyone have advice for when you go to Disney with people that are going for the first time? My biggest advice and what I messed up when I took step for the first time is like ask them what they want to see first, right? Because you've already seen everything. You know what your favorite thing is, but allow the new people to develop their favorites cuz everybody's different. Sorry. Everybody's different. So like ask the new people what do they want to see? What things have they seen? You know, it's not like they don't know anything about Disney. So what's what is exciting for them? And start with that. Oh, that's awesome. Happy place. I'm glad that it helps. USA scores. Wow. Windshill in DC is zero. Yikes. >> Excuse me. >> Although Tron I mean it the lines are long but Tron is 65 so it's not like you know you know 100 minutes or anything like it was during the holidays. So it has improved for sure. Oh 60 mph winds. Oh my gosh. Wow, the driving 60 would be way better. >> Thanks. Yes, I turn I did turn away. I do that. You sneeze, you can't cover it like a cough as well, but I turn away. In New Jersey, it's 9°. Feels like -15. That's what David was telling me. >> Yeah. Last Saturday it was it was not quite that cold when we were there, but it was in the single digits and windchills below zero when we were there. So that's rough. >> Hopefully they get the uh people mover running again. I know. >> Yep. Nita, the weather is pretty pretty good right now. It says by right about 70 degrees, so can't complain at all. Sky is perfectly clear. Of course, our trees still we still lose leaves here though, just like up north. So, got bare trees here as well. >> What do you want to see first? Let's see the fireworks. Yeah. Well, hopefully they're a little more reasonable than that, but but yeah, and also you may have to give them some options, you know, hey, here are some of the things we can do, what sounds best, but yeah, just let the new person help guide the day. Not necessarily that you do everything they say, but that you like at least take their input and you can explain to them like, hey, this ride is super long. It'll be shorter later. Maybe we do that later, you know, whatever. But yeah, you just ask them. Yeah, exactly. They might not know what to ask for. Yeah, for sure. That's why I said ask and then see. Maybe they do know. Maybe they maybe they know some about the rides and they're like, "Oh, I want to see Haunted Mansion. I've heard a lot about that." So, take them to Haunted Mansion. Hey, David. >> Now you bought me five degrees, so I'm ready to go in the pool. >> That might be That might hurt. Uh 5° your pool's probably Well, I'm sure you drained it, but it would be frozen. That would hurt. They haven't let everybody up the ramp yet, so hopefully they do soon. >> Maybe waiting for uh they have to wait for the line to die down a certain amount up on top. >> People are getting on though, so that's good. There we go. >> Yeah, winter's been pretty brutal everywhere. I mean, like, you know, when it's, you know, when it's cold here that it's just horrible up north. Like, anytime you guys have a mild winter, we have a warm winter. Anytime you guys have a moderate winter, we have a, you know, kind of warmish or cool kind of like, you know, normal. Anytime you guys have a brutal winter, we have a pretty cold winter. So, it's pretty crazy. >> People aren't moving, Clark. I know they are now. Elsa cast her winter spell on Pittsburgh this year. Still have 8 ines of snow. Wow. Yeah, I bet uh New York still has snow on the ground, too. I doubt it melted much this week. There are places I remember now how it used to be living up north. There are places where they didn't quite get the lanes cleared completely and you'll be driving down a road and all of a sudden just the lane will just go away. It's like, "Oh, that lane's gone." Or the turn lane is gone or something like that's been something that I've seen a few times. This is a great time to bop the like button >> and also subscribe >> if you're new. >> So, we talked about um Nikki blog.com, nikkiros.com. Let's also talk about resorttv1homes.com. talking about resort TV1homes.com. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, you're getting tired of the cold weather or you just if you want to you're able to and you want to do an investment house and have people stay in it, you know, whatever. Like our our realtors can do that for you. Um cuz then you can stay part of the year. Sometimes people look how much they spend on DVC and vacations. It makes sense if you come down several times to have the house and rent it out to people. Either way, whatever your needs are, definitely check it out. Whether you're moving down here as your permanent home or you want a second one, uh, we've got you covered. Resorttv1homes.com. Again, that's resorttv1homes.com. Go check it out. >> We're broken by EXP Realy. Resorttv1homes.com. >> Four degrees in New Jersey. Got David C said five up where he is. lost in the winter Olympics. >> It's not a bad idea if you can swing it. It's really not. And I know not everybody can swing it. Like we can't. So, I totally get it. Like, but if you can able to do it, basically making somebody else pay for your house by all the people that rent it. Now, there can be issues with renting and people, you know, not being respectful and all that. So, that's something you'll have to be willing to take on. But, you know, it's possible. But either way, go check out um again resort tv1homes.com. This is the time spring is getting, you know, getting ready. Anyway, I don't know whether the groundhog saw a shadow or not. Punksatonyi Phil, but either way, um people start looking for houses and the housing market really heats up in the spring. So, go to resorttv1homes.com to get yourself set up. Start talking to your real estate agent and uh we'll get you get you uh into a place that you can enjoy. This is the TV. Maryland is minus 9. Yeah, that's crazy. >> Is Disney building some sort of new housing development? No, I don't think so. Golden Oak is their only housing development right now here. Somebody correct me if I'm wrong. I'm not always the most up-to-date news person for Disney. I probably should be for investment own. Can you do this in Winter Garden? You sure can. You can do it anywhere that's close enough to the parks. What do you think about Post Dessert Party? I've never tried it, so I don't know. I can't really say for sure. Just my germaphobess would allow me to rent a house to people that I stay in from time to time. I'd have to invest extra mattress toilet seats, but I've got issues. David, well, you know, it's hard. I get it. It's hard. >> Who knows? You've come a long way. Maybe you'll eventually get past that. Eventually. I know. It's possible. It just takes some work. Greetings from London, UK. Great channel bringing family out there and doing June. So might to see May uh the mayhem. Oh yeah. Might have to endure. It's not too bad today. Honestly, for me, as long as I had somebody cleaning the place and as long as they cleaned it really good before I came in, I'd be fine. I think the only thing I'd want is to have like my own pillow. like you know have like a set of pillows that I keep there and then have like the ones that I either keep locked up or just bring as pillow is the only thing I wouldn't want to share with anybody although I do it at hotels all the time so I guess it doesn't matter someday someday I'll be sure to get come to you guys when I get to for sure - 25 in Toronto windchill yikes be safe stay inside anyone have a complaint line for Mother Nature Sony Phil did see a shadow. Six more weeks of winter. Well, there's a bounty out on Listen, that's not surprising cuz it's been a rough winter. It's I don't think anybody really thought it was just going to magically stop. >> Oh, yeah. I told David we were sitting there ready for dinner there at Singrong and I told David I was like, "Hey, can I have some of your hand sanitizer because I know you have some." >> Yep. >> Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. >> She climbed over the door. You can't do that. >> What the heck? What was she thinking? >> That's why it stopped right then. That is why it stopped cuz she climbed out over the door. >> Weird. Why would you do that? >> That's why the doors open. >> Enjoy your journey. Hey, Isaac. >> No. Uh, I think that the hotels do do wash >> more often than that. She literally climbed over the door. I've never seen anybody do that before. That was weird. >> I can't get that water. >> But there's water when you get down. Sorry, I just people surprise me sometimes like what about the the the way the doors are opening in front of you makes you think you should climb over it when it's about to open. >> Anyway, >> sunny and beautiful in Indiana. Unfortunately, 20. >> Oh, Myra, I hope you feel better. beings. Stay clear of the doors. Enjoy your journey. >> Yes, that's right, Christopher. They do have pressure sensors on most rides. And that's not even just for people not getting out. That's obviously for safety. >> Yes, they do have that. Apparently on Horizons, I can say this because it doesn't exist anymore. Sad face. But on Horizons, apparently they didn't have pressure sensors. So that's how those guys hoot and chief. If you've read the blog, they were able to get out and walk around the ride so much. Obviously, again, don't do that, right? Bad idea. They could have gotten very hurt, but um but that's how they were able to do it. >> I will say they got some great pictures. >> I did see a younger person put their foot up on SSE vehicle. It went outside the vehicle and the right instantly stopped. >> How many? >> Just one. I appreciate that. Thank you, sir. >> Sure. >> The cast members have got to be like at this point like I've seen everything now. Everything nothing surprises me anymore. Please step carefully onto the moving platform, then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other attendants. >> Obviously, the reason you wouldn't want to do that is because it'd be easy to trip and fall. Stay clear of the doors, which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. All right, enjoy the ride. Gracias. Please step carefully onto the meeting platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please stay clear of yours. This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around. Greetings intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Laura, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow land and my stars, is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to monster lands, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. >> For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight on board. Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland River Landing and Star Traders. Transfer to Green and Red Lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future right by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired HCO and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny borat. On your right is Star Trek, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except actual stars, those are no longer sold. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Life Cycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks in the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. >> Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing vehicles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. This is Starport 75 or as we locally call it space. Our highspeed rocket to distant deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral rooms of Icy7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Vote today. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, Mr. Marorrow, Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy. Please keep clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. Incredibles. >> Wow, that's fun. Amen. Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you everybody. I'm really thinking Thank you very much for my brother. or night. Take the time to see this show. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come full important. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you along. And even though we're concluding, this is always my favorite part because now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow today. See you in the future. Please keep away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and titties and other appendages away from the door. >> That's where I jump out. Just kidding. They open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> Please away from the doors. >> All right. What should we do now? >> Hi Steph. I'm glad you're in the chat. Feeling better. >> Oh, hey. Good to see you guys. Nice. Nice and warm. Yeah, feels great. >> Yeah. Anyway, uh maybe uh maybe some Speedway. I'm going to need some food. Actually, I thought I could make it to the parade without food, but I don't think that's a good idea. So, I may I may have to bring you guys with me to some food. I kind of thought fish and chips sounds good at the uh at the um Harbor House. I could also get a a hot dog and have you watch the piano player with me, so we'll see. I don't know. I think it was Grayson. We'll see. I got a fish and chip sounds better, though. I was going to try and wait until afterwards. Here we go. rough. Very rough, but I can still see the screen. That's good, dear. Excuse me. Very good. >> All right. I love that. If you had Wayne's music, saying hi to Steph. She's on the Resort TV on Homes channel. Steph, I saw um I won't want to say his last name because I don't want to obviously, you know, ruin his privacy on here, but I saw um one of our uh percussionists from Hayne City. Uh I'll just tell you his first name, Brandon. So, if you remember our percussionist Brandon from my first couple years at Hane City, he was here with his uh two lovely daughters that were both dressed up like Belle. So, that was really cool. And his dad was super cool to see them. I think that's one of the most rewarding things about teaching. Obviously, seeing your students succeed is the most immediate, you know, gratification you can get from teaching. Seeing them get it and succeed and be happy and feel proud of themselves for, you know, doing something hard or learning something they thought they couldn't learn, you know, whatever. That's, you know, that's the most immediate. But then I think also one of the best things is when you get to see them later and they're like successful and they have their families and they're happy and healthy and I don't know, it's just neat to see. It's like, you know, you're just rooting for them. I was like, I'm glad they made it. You know, it's tough out there. It's just always good to see. And his girls seem happy and, you know, happy to be at Disney with dad and grandpa. And >> apparently grandpa bun. I don't know if you heard that, but I was like, how cool. >> Twin one week. I know, right, Steph? Isn't that crazy? Hold on. We got a We got a uh little blip blippy blip going on. Let's Let's Yeah, says 10 minutes. Let's Let's uh let's drive some cars. Let me go down here this way so I'm not cutting anybody off. Hold on. >> How was De doing yesterday? I think she was not fantastic, but I think she was okay yesterday. All right, let me see if I can switch connection one more time. I'll be right back. Was it good here? Okay, maybe it's good now. What's >> Are the blips done? What do they say on the space balls? The blips, the sweeps from the creeps. >> All right, we'll leave it alone for a minute. The strawberry jam. That's good. >> Jam the radar. Raspberry. Who would give me the raspberry? Lone star. I can't wait for the new um space balls. Maybe that's going to be great. >> No blips. Okay, good. inside your race car. Remember to remain safely seated with your seat belt there, keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the car. And please watch your children. To make your race car go, just press your foot down on the pedal. To stop, take your foot off the pedal. Track rules require that you keep at least one car length between you and the car in front of you. Please do not stop on the track or bump any other cars. >> And have a great race. I know that means welcome everyone. Hey, Ter John. Oh, Torren over California came back. That's cool. I saw you said you're having a Super Bowl party earlier. Very fun. Have fun. Hey, Shaggy. Oh, yeah. It'll be a warmer drink during Flower and Garden. Got to get some real malt vinegar for the fish and chips set. >> I can try it. Yeah, I'm not most much most of a vinegar person, but I can try it. >> All right. Well, if we have any more blips, I'll I'll put the Wi-Fi on. >> Normally, I use 4G LTE, and that seems to have better luck with staying connected, but the 5G tends to blip when you go between between areas of the park. So, >> oh well. Take your one off for your safety and the safety of other drivers. Remember to keep at least one car between you and the next car. Do not stop on the track. Las Vegas. So it says Ben says arriving in Disneyland in 27 days. Usually drive 16 use now just a 6 hour flight. Okay. Oh hour. 16 hours. I was like you take 16 kids. Wow. That's a that's a lot of work. Yeah. Sometimes a flight is preferable if you can do it. So I was talking to a family uh from Atlanta and from Atlanta to Disney. They said it's almost faster or from anywhere south of Atlanta, it's almost faster to just drive because by the time you get to the airport 2 to 2 and 1/2 hours early, wait to board your flight, wait for the flight to take off at the gate, fly, get there, wait for your baggage, get your rental car, your or your lift or your Uber or your bus, whatever you're doing, and then get to your resort. It's almost the same amount of time. So that's it's pretty interesting. >> There is a point of diminishing returns for sure with with flights. >> I'm going to try and stay alive till the parade. I just need um maybe need some food. >> Yeah, for sure. Ticker tail gone. Absolutely. It's tough out there for sure. >> Sorry. Take a minute to bop the like and subscribe if you're new. >> We'd love to have new people join the join the Resort TV1 Resort Hopper family. Thank you. >> We drive from Tennessee 8 hours. We enjoy it. We can stop at Bies. Yeah. >> Yeah. I think Tennessee is a good one, too. If you're 8 hours, again, 8 n hours, it's kind of worth it to to drive, especially if you have to pay several plane tickets. Might be worth it to just put everybody in the car. Stop. Take your off for your safety and the safety of other drivers. Heat. Heat. Yo, that's true. You also save money on the car rental for driving, too. One That's correct. I'm just south of Atlanta. Cheer and easier to drive plus having your own car. Yes, for sure. >> Yeah, it's it's, you know, again, you're not paying that daily rental, but honestly, here in Florida, it is or here at Disney, it is nice having your own car if you're staying off property. But when you're on property, you can just take the Disney bus. But even still, nice having your own car for some flexibility. Now, especially if you want to fit a Universal trip into your um into your plans, then it's much easier to get back and forth or SeaWorld or any of the other fun attractions we have here. >> Have we had any blips or are we good? >> One day soon you'll be able to drive to Disney. That's right, David. Flip free. Okay, good. >> Flipless. Nice. By the way, >> I may be uh it's based on space and uh financial constraints. I may be selling some of my old retro computers. I just haven't had time to do the retro TV as much as I thought I would. Not that I'm stopping it. I'm just scaling back a little. So, I may be putting up a list of computers that I might like to sell if anybody's interested. Really just looking to get back what I what I paid for them if possible. I know they they usually go up in value cuz they're more rare. But, um anyway, I'll put up a list. Any of you any of you fun retro people, I'd love to see them go to a good home. So, I not all of them. I'm keeping several. Like I'm keeping my, you know, the one I fixed, what we call Carla, David's computer that he gave me. I'm keeping several of the ones that are, you know, special to me like that for sure. Am I Tandy? >> But I'm just I'm going to sell a few that I don't use as much. >> Just found out flying from Toledo to Orlando is almost is about 150 round trip versus 400 to 500 from Cleveland. Wow. Yeah. That's why you got to check everywhere. And um we talked about Surf Shark, one of our sponsors, like using them to check flight prices from different locations. That helps too. They're close. Hey Tim, you're watching. Awesome. Good to see you, Tim. >> Almost there. All right, everybody guess what kind of car we're going to get. >> What color? What do you guys think? I'm going to guess red and white. Red with white stripes. That's my guess. Red with white stripe. Put your guesses in the chat. Yellow. Blue. A gas power car. Yep. That's a certainty. Crash. Red. Red. Red. Blue. Tell me the color and the stripe if you can. Or some of them don't have some of them. Some of Is that blue and blue stripe? Four wheels. Yep. That's a certain Jeep. Green. They didn't have orange. That's orange with red lightning bolt. White with blue stripes. Blue convertible. Disney yellow one with bad steering maybe. Yeah. Let's see. Parade starts at 3. So, I'll probably go watch it in Frontier Land so I can, you know, I can wrap it up a little bit earlier. So, I'll need to I'll need a rest for sure. It's been good. It's been fun. See what else we got. Green, white stripes. Make sure it's still clear. Very good. Blue and orange. White stripes. The white with blue and green stripes. Looks like Buzz Lightyear. It does. I bet that was intentional. Blue and orange. Blue and red with the American side steering wheel. >> It won't be one of those cars. That's true. Pout one without a roof. Blue and white stripes. Bluetooth. It's going to be a Bluetooth car. >> One. >> Yes. >> Number 11. Okay. Number 11. There we go. Moment of truth. Hello, Mr. Master. I would like to see what kind of car we're going to get. Did I call it or what? >> I said it said red with white stripe. I called my shot. All right. >> Go up the step again. >> No, you're going to push down and go up the stop. You're going to know. Car number three. Here we go. Got to wait till everybody's ready. Sun feels good. Nice Saturday drive here around the Magic Kingdom. There's the bricks. It's like the brickyard in Indianapolis. And that's as fast as it goes. This one's kind of slow. That's all right. It'll be a leisurely drive. You can see where the grass is uh burnt there or has gone dormant, died, whatever you want to say because of the cold. The cold the freeze got it pretty good. Yep, it's flooring. Heat. Heat. So, if you're wondering how cold it was, it was the grass died cold cuz it was green before this, even in December and most of January. Heat. Heat. Cool how close the cars get to the people mover track here. Heat. Heat. Wow. Heat. Heat. Heat. All right, we're going to stop right here. We didn't quite make it to number 12, but that's okay. Interesting. the number of cars that I started at 11 and ended up back here at like basically 13. Number 22 must have a new motor. I know some of them are really fast. That is true. Heat. Heat. Now we got a traffic jam up here. to your right. >> All right, we need it. There we go. Car up there's having trouble. Sometimes you can't, this a little tip, too. Sometimes you can't let the kids push the pedal. The pedals are really tight there. You know, if you've driven it as an adult, it's even tighter than a normal car gas pedal. They're very springy, and that's for safety, right? They want it to they want it to stop more quickly. And so, the springs are very, very tight on those. Thank you. And so, anyway, so you don't you don't uh but yeah, for kids, it's hard to push the pedal. So, you have to wait till they get a little a bit older to let them push the pedal, but you can let him steer. That's what I do with Liam. And if we have enough room behind us, I'll always say, "Oh, you want to try the pedal?" And he'll try and say, "No, no, you do it. It's It's hard." But I'll let him drive and steer. It was fun watching you drive. Relaxing. Yeah, it was fun. It sure went fast. I know. It's a short It's a short track now. This is a short track. A short ride. My my neighbor had a large patch of zoya grass turned almost white when the when the frost hit. Wow. >> Yeah, different kind of grass reacts differently. That's for sure. I >> think we've got Bermuda in our backyard and the St. Augustine in the front. Yeah, I got to get some food. My blood sugar's dropped lower than it needs to be. I can tell. I was going to bring snacks, but I thought, you know, I would be done by lunchtime, so I wouldn't need it. All good. Let's see if I can do a mobile order at uh at Harbor House. That just sounds better. You guys will stick with me. So after the after lunch will be parade time. How's that? Sound that sound good to everybody? So I know I know um a couple people requested u small world and um it was a small world and and tiki room. Um I'm going to do that. I'm going to I will do those next time I come here at night because I think uh that'll work out a little better with our scheduling today. So stay tuned. I know I don't do those often, but I'll I'll try and do it next time for sure. I wouldn't mind seeing Tiki Room, actually. It would be fun. I just don't think I don't think I want to do that today. >> All right, here. Let's go over here and look at the uh the dry um moat here. >> Here we go. Check this out. The castle moat is dry. They've got it like this for the painting. They're going to repaint the castle original colors. >> Uh more with blue instead of pink on the top. Like now you kind of see the pink, but you can also see already where they're repainting it up here. Check this out. You can see the gold in the front and that the trim has already been repainted kind of a gray color in the back. So look at the front turrets. You see the gray. And look at the back turrets. And you can now see the um the gray. So you see, sorry, you see the gold in the front and the gray in the back. So that's pretty cool. There's progress being made. And it looks like some of the paint has been painted. I know it's hard to tell with the light, but I'll I'll kind of pan down. But yeah, you can see the gold trim is starting to disappear, which that was started for the 50th anniversary, so that's been a while. But either way, that's a huge update there. Again, you can see in the front gold, in the back gray. Let me zoom out just a little bit. And now you can see that the waterfall here is uh of course not running. So they did that last time they painted it and last time they worked on the moat here. >> So you can definitely see that. >> Usually there's a waterfall here, but that is shut off. And you can see the moat is totally dry. Well, almost totally dry. As totally dry as it can be. It's pretty cool. So, that's kind of our update on the castle painting. >> It's kind of interesting to see the moat >> like this. Um, >> I'll probably go ahead and post this as a separate clip. >> So, if you're watching this as a separate clip, thanks for watching. >> One more look at the waterfall. It's just so cool to see it like this. Now, the mode on the other side is a little bit uh fuller for whatever reason. >> So, I'm not sure. All right. So, one more thing before we finish up looking at the castle here. >> I just want to show you what it's going to look like. >> Yeah. Wait. >> So, here, check this out. So, this is >> what it's going to look like when it's finished. Let's see. Here we go. >> There you go. So, here, let me point down so you can see better. So, that is what it will look like when it's finished. >> So, hopefully you can see that. >> Eventually, it will look like that. So, there you go. So, it's going to eventually look like that. The uh the pink will be gone and the gray and blue will be here. So, pretty cool. >> I'm excited. It'll be back to the way it was. Even though I did enjoy the pink. >> So, let me know. What do you guys think? What did you like? Which one do you like better? Are are you kind of like me? Are you indifferent about it? Do you kind of like both for certain reasons? Or are you more on the like, I like it original. I'm glad it's returning back. or some of you like, "Hey, I actually kind of like the pink. I am kind of sad that it's returning back to blue. Let me or gray and blue." Let me know. What are your thoughts? >> All right, here. Let's Let's go over here and take one more look at the Tomorrowland side. And you can see the waterfall over there is dry, too. Fine. I'll do it later. >> So, the painting is underway. >> We'll keep updating when we can on this. >> There we go. That'll be good to post as a separate clip. I kind of thought, you know, I always film all this cool stuff on live streams and then sometimes people don't get to see it in the middle of a live stream, so might as well just post it >> as a separate clip. And then if I kind of think about it when I'm doing it, I don't have to like renarrate it later. I can just like kind of narrate it for you guys and for the video at the same time. So, it's like killing two birds with one stone and allowing more people to see our stuff because they might not know to look at a live stream three hours in to find a castle update. All right, let me go over here and order some food. Some people like the pink. Just gives me another reason to go back soon. There you go. I like the pink. Like the pink cuz it makes the castle stand out more. Yeah, that's kind of my thought, too. I do like that part of it for sure. Agreed. I didn't mind the pink, but I'm looking forward to original. I'm going to miss the pink for sure, but I remember being upset when they first changed it. I guess it grew on me. Yeah, I think I think that's a lot of people were upset when they changed it and now are kind of upset that they were like changing it again. I think it's just like you get used to something and you're like, I don't know, but once it's finished, I'm sure we'll all like it again. Like, it's the castle. How could you not like it, right? Yeah, I agree. I think you guys are making good points. totally understand. Let me I'm going to order my >> food here. Oh, well that's that's frustrating. I wonder how much the I wonder how long the line is at Harbor House. >> They should have like ordered it a long time ago. That was unfortunate. F >> that's just a popular answer like all the other girls that we get annoyed because she knows It looks nice like that, but it'll be it'll be good when it's done. >> All right. So, let me uh let me uh figure out what I'm going to do here. Shanghai. >> I'll see if there's a place at Casey's. I guess cuz come up cuz Harbor House is not. It's like a 15 20 minute wait. So I'm worried I might miss the parade if I do that. It's not bad though. I guess I'd probably be all right. Let's just go see if there's a place to stand by the Casey's by the piano maybe. >> So bright I can almost not see the screen. Yeah, stay tuned. We will show the Festival of Fantasy parade at 3:00. We'll show it in Frontier Land so that you can see it right at 3:00. And then thus proving the whole when does the 3:00 parade start in in in Frontier Land. It actually starts at 3. That's a that's a fact. So this fountain was frozen apparently Sunday morning. I saw people posting pictures of it. That's kind of fun. >> I hear >> Oh, it's Muppets. Let's go listen for a second while we decide what to do about food. >> How fun. This is what we call a >> Oh, he's changing changing keys. Oh, >> they have more walking characters. They had the Incredibles walking around. They're also doing Rainbow Connection now. But this is Bert and Mary Poppins. How fun. Thank you. >> Don't let me interrupt the conversation. >> We just saw some really nice ears. They might match you. >> Oh, no. >> I'll look wonderful on YouTube, too. Don't you worry. >> I think so. >> Who's to say? Who's to say? >> We'll say. >> Well, thank you. I appreciate it. Means a lot. Can I play some Thank you. Congratulations. Heat. Heat. How fun umbrella. Look at that. Thank you. crazy. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you. TV1. How are you? >> How are you? >> Good. Yay. >> Very nice. >> Oh, perfect. Wow. >> I just sat down. >> Oh my gosh. All right, I ordered my food. I got to find the table here in a minute. That's going to be the hard part. >> So, he he's he literally finished and the castle show started. Isn't that fun? >> That was a great match up for sure. So, okay. So, I put my order in. >> Did you just finish the set? >> Yeah, I'm all done, but I'll be back. >> Thank you, >> Grayson. Always enjoy it. By the way, congrats on the legacy award. Welld deserved. Thanks. >> Change your diaper. >> Oh, it's ready already. Cool. Okay, so here's what we're going to do. Ah, he's such a great guy. Super nice guy. Okay. So, he he told that family, the little girl said, "Well, how how much did you practice when you were her age?" And he's like, "I just sat down and I was able to do it." He's like, "No, I don't." He didn't actually remember, but it was kind of funny. All right, so I am going to get my food and then I have to find a table. It might take a minute, but hey, don't go anywhere. That was First of all, wasn't that amazing with Bert and Mary Poppins? Come on. Like, that just happened right in front of me. I I don't even have words to like understand what that that's the Disney magic right there. It's so fun. So cool. Hello. So cool. Was that amazing? Oh, I think he gets paid. Well, yeah, I I hope so. I I don't know, obviously, but I hope so. He deserves it. So, I am going to turn on BRB for a minute. Maybe we'll even ride Tron on BRB. How about that? I always love riding Tron. We can ride a couple things while we're while I'm grabbing my food. Virtually ride Tron. Not for real, but you know, you guys will feel like you're riding. I I won't get to, but that's fine. All right. So, wasn't that fun? All right. So, I do have to have both hands to grab my food. So, um I that's why I put you on BRB cuz I tried it once without doing that and dropped everything. So, it's way better to just go ahead and uh go on BRB for a second. But anyway, I will I do need some food. Uh it's been like um like 8:30 since I ate, so it's definitely uh been a little bit too long, but I got this. So, uh we'll be right back. Enjoy. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. users. Prepare to be digitized into the world of drive. Team blue, welcome to the grid. Proceed to gates. >> Oh, here we go. >> Prepare for team blue light cycle run upload sequence. Remember, hold on. Initiate in 3 2 1 First energy captured. Energy 3. Heat. Heat. Congratulations, Caesars. A championship performance and victory for team blue. Wow. I'm not going to hurt you. Users, watch your step as you dismount and exit. Be sure to collect your belongings. >> Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big, beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. All right, guys. Kind of got a good spot. Sorry. I mean, it's going to be kind of it's going to be kind of a people walking by and getting comments, but here, let me turn the brightness down. There we go. Look at that. That's the way. Oh, that's funny. From where I'm at, it looks really great. And down there, not so much. >> Oh, well, it's all right. You can sort of see, but Grayson's done anyway, so um that turned out perfectly. I'm at a standing table here. Hold on. Let me show the food. >> So, here there's our spot. I'm at a standing table here. >> So, there you go. >> Okay. Mom and dad and folks from California last night and then today's great relaxing visit. Yeah, for sure. For sure. So great. Let me turn the brightness down even more and it should give us a better view here. There we go. Let me focus on the castle. Yeah, that's right, David. We got this. Have another one. >> Okay, here we go. >> All right, time to eat. Thank you for bearing with me. We are going to go see the fireworks or fireworks. No, just kidding. We are going to go see the parade here in a minute. I mean, technically there will be fireworks here in a minute from the castle, but it'll be kind of short. >> It'll be after the u the show. >> It shows the regular hot dogs. I just the foot long a little bit much sometimes for me, but um this is about right. And all I do is put mustard on it. >> Hello, Noel. I guess I can go outside now that those tables are gone or are are available, but that's all right. We have the giant wall and he's got like mini table. I think I see somebody. >> I'll text you when you guys don't need to watch watch me eat up selfie. If you want to grab one of the stand up tables out there, I'll grab a chair in a little bit. How often? I just showed the yummy food wine. Hello. I love cosmic race too. I'll take you in a parade spot in just a second. >> Back in the UK after a wonderful two weeks. Chilly at times. Brilliant. Yeah, it's been chilly. No doubt about it. the day is perfect. >> Sorry, you had to you had to come back before the weather got nice. Andrew, I showed the castle update a little earlier, so go check that out. I It does look a little different on the back side. They've taken off some of the gold trim. >> Most of it's still pink, though. Hard to see from here. I know it's not the best view, but it's not bad. >> Any castle view is a good view. All right. I'm not looking at chat a lot cuz I'm trying to finish eating. But >> I'm a teacher, so I'm a pretty fast eater. lunch hours at my current job. The lunch period, it's not an hour, but that's pretty good. We usually get 35 or 40 minutes. My last goal, I got 20. That was just cuz if the if we to if we did it longer, the kids would fight. rest on ice cream and maybe tonight and then I'll break Oh, that's a great memory at last long vacations. That's a great memory at long last. Yeah, I could down my whole my whole dinner in 20 back in the day. So glad to not have to be there anymore, though. I learned a lot, but it gets tiring when you're dealing with issues constantly. That was my middle school. I was at a middle school for a while. The high school was pretty good. The one where I just saw my former student. High school was pretty good. I am worried it's going to get to a point where nobody's going to want to do those jobs anymore because it's just So hard dealing with the bad behavior. >> Yeah, Casey's is great. I want to Yeah, >> there are ways to fix it with their behavior, but the school Anyway, we don't want to get too far into that, but the schools don't want to they don't want to do it. >> It's about holding holding people accountable and setting the standard and holding the standard. Doesn't matter who the kids are, they'll hold the standard if you hold it. >> But if you don't hold the standard, they'll, you know, they'll keep going. >> Boy, this is really good. >> Hi, how are you? >> Just say hello. >> Good to watch you all the time. >> Thank you. I need to say >> I appreciate that. >> You have a good day. >> You too. Thanks for watching. >> Life and hot dogs. I know, right? >> There's a guy on um I knew the person who wanted to be a teacher since she was 11, but changed her mind at 20. Yeah. There's a there's a administrator who shares on social media named Principal Lamb. He's really good. He's got all the right ideas. If all the people in charge would just listen to him, he they'd be good to go. My mom with teacher. It was unreal. Yeah, >> I'm lucky where I am. There you go. I told you we see some fireworks. >> Oh, David, I didn't know where he was from. Josh, >> you went to Georgetown. Princess Lamb. He's so good. Yeah. Oh, those sheer drapes. Yes, they are. I even get my own little window. I know, right? All right, I'm done. Give me just a second to clean up. I told you I'd be fast. Hello from Argentina. Hello Who's there right now? >> Get up. Fuzz nuts and popsicles. Hello. All right, let me throw my uh trash away and I'll be ready to go. Cool. All right. Let us have a really good friend who sometimes says instead of let's go or let us go or something, he'll say lettuce and tomato. His wife hates it, but I think it's funny. >> All right. I'm so glad. I got to get >> Let's see. Would it have been better from here? >> Yeah, not really. So, it's all like this table open right here. Let's just see. Uh, no, not really any better. Just less windows. All right. Here, let me um let me actually reconfigure myself, though. One thing I forgot to do was get the uh battery connected. I'm going to need a battery here in a minute. Put you guys back down for a second. That was good. I'm glad I did that. I feel much better. You got to eat, man. You got to eat. What was the commercial that used to say that you got to eat? Is it rallies? >> See, even she does. So, the lady next to me said the same thing. All right, let me see if I can grab my battery. You need to eat. There we go. >> Get my cord untangled. Not that I have to narrate everything for you guys, but all right. Food is fun. Remy's wise dad. Is that what he said? >> All right, here we go. On the move. Okay. Most of the food at the parks is yummy. Yeah, I agree. I didn't get my beignet, but that's okay. I do need to do that sometime, though. >> Hey. Hey. Well, thank you for letting me >> thank you for letting me uh get some food. >> Not that you let me, but you stayed tuned while I did. Right. It's what I always what I worry about. I mean, most people did, right? I like I You have 2200 people watching and you know you're going to lose some when you go eat, but you're like, "Yeah, but you got to eat." >> That's why I usually try and plan the streams around meals. I know Ron Ron eats while the piano's going. I can't I can't I can't survive on just a uh power bar though or whatever. Little sandwiches and stuff. I got to have a little something more substantial. But that's, you know, it's a good strategy for sure. I >> think that's what he told me. He eats while he's watches piano play. That's a good strategy. What is happening? Okay, my gimbal is uh Okay, there you >> go. Sorry, we're really big fans. >> Oh, no. It's fine. Don't be sorry. >> We are from Alaska and we've been watching you since 2020. >> Wow. >> You were my introduction to Disney, man. >> Wow. >> And this is his first visit. >> Well, welcome. >> Yeah. Thank you. >> Where in Alaska are you guys from? >> Uh Anchorage. He's from Southeast. Okay. So, uh, but we live part time in Tokina as well. >> Okay. >> Yeah. So, >> Wow. >> Yeah. >> That's pretty cool. I have not been there yet. One of these days, >> we we saw you. Oh, you need to come up. You absolutely do. We saw you were here today and so we were stalking you on YouTube. We're like, where is he? Where is he? Where'd he go? >> You You got lucky. We finally got back to Florida weather again. >> I know. >> There were a couple days somebody said it was colder here than it was in like southerner here than it was in where we are. >> Yeah. Yeah, you guys were colder than where we were at. >> We had what was it? My wife said on Sunday morning we were 24° feels like 10, >> which is that's like very close to records for here. >> Yeah. >> So that's why everything's dead. >> Yeah. Everything kill you. >> Yeah. >> Oh, yeah. It's crazy. So, >> but no, but you know, it's nice because it doesn't last very long here. It's a nice little variety. >> Yeah, absolutely. >> Looks like your palm trees got the worst of it. Some of the short ones, >> some of them. Yeah, the short ones. the the taller ones, they're they will go for weeks, I think, from what I've read, with a freeze. >> Obviously, you can't plant them up north cuz a couple weeks and then they are gone. >> But but these little ones, yeah, they don't last quite as long with the freeze. >> Yeah, usually when it gets down to like 32 and we get a little frost, the plants are fine. You might lose the grass, but when it gets down to the 20s, you're going to lose a lot of plants. >> Yeah, absolutely. >> I lost all my We have like these croins. They're like little brownish, you know, plants that I have, and we lost all those, but you know, they're like five or 10 bucks at Lowe's. So we'll once it gets warm or once it's like warm for sure but it's not going to freeze again. We'll go grab some more. >> Exactly. >> You guys want to say hi on the stream? >> Our friends from Alaska say tell me your name. >> Suzanne. >> Suzanne. >> Eric and Sammy. >> Suzanne. Eric and Sammy. Awesome. >> Yep. We're from Alaska and loving this guy. >> Yeah. Yeah. We've watched Josh since 2020. >> Subscribe and like. Subscribe. Yeah. You were you were saving grace in co Yeah. >> No. I bet. No. All right. I I understand. It was It was for us, too. But I would imagine there's probably a lot less to do uh up there sometimes when it's shut in. >> Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. >> Well, that's awesome. So, I I take it you flew down here. >> Yeah. Yes. We got here uh we left at 1:00 in the morning, Anchorage time, and we landed here at 4:00 in the afternoon. >> Wow. So, how long in I mean, obviously time zones. How long in the air is that? >> 8 hours. >> 8 hours in the air. Okay. >> Yeah. like a three-hour flight to Seattle and then it's about four and a half hours to Orlando. >> That works. It's awesome. >> It's not terrible. It's broke up, but >> it would be nice actually to get off and stretch around. You got get to change planes? >> Yes. >> Get off, stretch your legs. Yeah. >> You feel very wiped out cuz we're like 4 hours behind you guys. >> Yeah. So, you're still getting used to the time. >> Oh, yeah. >> Still still morning right now. >> Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. >> That's awesome. Yeah. So, you're going to be up till like 3:00 in the morning or something cuz you're like, I'm not tired. We made it. We did. We It's 3:00 this morning and we were like, "We're going to shut it down." >> We were like, "We have to go to sleep. We have to." >> Yeah, cuz it's, you know, 8:00 or whatever is going to come real early. >> Exactly. Exactly. Oh my god. Well, nice to meet >> Nice to meet you as well. Great to meet you. >> Oh, for sure. You guys enjoy. >> All right. Have a good day. >> You too. >> Very nice people. >> Always good to meet people from far far away. 8 hours. That's not That's not terrible. I mean, it's obviously obviously Alaska is really really far. Um, it's not terrible. You can apparently drive apparently there's a there's a there's a highway through the Yukon. Um, >> I think is that what I found out? Highway through the Yukon and then it's through then through it be would it be through the Yukon and then British Columbia and that the route I think it's hard though. I think that route through through the Yukon is pretty treacherous. probably almost impassible in the winter. And then uh and then very like very few services like I think they was I read that like you you had to bring your own gas tank just in case like if one of the gas gas stations is out of gas might be in trouble. I have friends all over the globe you know it's pretty cool actually was talking to my when we dropped Liam off with our friends uh here in town. They're the ones who again put on the uh Singstrong festival here on Long Island that we went up to see and enjoy and support them and uh really just love, you know, love the event. We talked a lot about it on Tuesday, but I mentioned to him on text that a lot of you guys from the New England and you know uh not just New England, but you know, I know New York is not in New England, but like you know what I mean? Like the the Northeast, a lot of you guys from New York, New Jersey, and all points beyond it said that you wouldn't mind coming to the event. He was like, "Wow, you're um you know, your viewers must be pretty >> Hi, how are you? Sorry, I um your viewers must be um how do you say very loyal or they listen to what you say or something." And I was like, "No, our viewers are awesome. Like you guys, you guys always show up when we ask you to show up for stuff." But this one next year, they're going to do that singing strong in in Long Island again. I think it'll be at the same place at Adelfi University. And I'd love to see more people come out to that if uh if you're in the area or you don't mind traveling a little bit, if you really like ac capella and don't mind making a trip, David drove a little over an hour, I think, from New Jersey. It was so good to see him and his family. But, uh, yeah, it' be a great great way to meet up with people cuz then there is a little after party. They call it afterlow afterwards. You can all come to the hotel and just hang out and get some food and some drinks and it's a lot of fun. >> We were all sheep. No. That's not what I meant. >> I meant they um I meant you guys just, you know, >> you guys just show up when we ask you to and that's great. >> Like at Give Kids the World, we only would ask you to for a good cause. I know David's kidding, but just so anybody's clear, we only would ask you guys to do stuff if it's a good cause. And you know, Give Kids the World obviously is a great cause. And that ended up being $70,000. Not just me, but Corey and Steve and everybody. Paging Mr. Mara was there. Like several several several people involved in that. Uh Neil and everybody, Bob, I don't know. I'm gonna forget people. Anyway, all the cool people at at that were involved in the Give Kids the World thing. And then this thing strong is for it goes for Alzheimer's research. And so obviously with mom having it, that is near and dear to our hearts and we'd love to see more people come out and support it. So we like you guys. And like I said, it'd be a great way for us to meet up outside the parks if you're in that Long Island area and you'd be like, "Hey, I'd like to meet you." Like, I'd like to meet you guys, too. So, let's That would be a great way for us to to do that. Let's see. Let's go over here. >> Ah, that may not be that shooting into the sun. H. >> That may not be the best idea. >> Let's look around a little more. I know all the shady spots are probably taken. I'll say it again and I don't want to anger Imara, but we are a big family that supports each other, not sheep. Yes, for sure. Why would that anger Imara? Yeah, we're going to watch the parade. >> Okay, that's all right. >> Hold on. I got to wait till somebody. >> Hey, look at that. Just barely in the shade. >> Perfect. All right. >> How I'm so sorry mom is going through that. How wonderful you all have so much footage of you all together to watch. >> Yeah, it's pretty awesome. We're we're glad that she and dad have been on the streams. And last night they even though it was a little bit, you know, chillier, especially for them, they um they were you happy to come out and have dinner with us and then be on the stream for a little bit. Anyway, the point I was trying to make is you guys Hi. >> Hi Josh. Hi Josh. I follow you. >> Oh, thank you. >> I love regarding you and Jenna. I'm from Wisconsin. I'm Py. I've said hi before, but I know you meet a million. >> No, I I I remember. >> Okay. Yeah. From Wisconsin. Cold Wisconsin. Yeah. My husband and I were here for a month. I said, I hope I see Josh and Jenna once. Yeah. And I There we are. I thought >> There you are. >> Oh, I love that you guys are getting your suntan over there. >> It's quite a change from the last few days. >> It is. It's very nice. And we don't care that there's some nice heat. We're good with everything. >> No. Yeah. It's nice. It's good for you. All fun. You're here for the day. >> Yeah. Well, not for the day. No, I'm here for the afternoon and then I'm going to go join our friends. Liam's best friend is having his birthday and we're really good friends with the parents and we're going to go hang out with them a little afterwards. >> Perfect way to end the day. So, >> yes. >> All right. Good to see you. >> You, too. >> Take care. I'll see you again. We're here for a few minutes. >> All right. Enjoy. >> Anyway, like I said, the whole the best thing is you guys just really show out and show up and support us. And that's why I think my friend was just impressed like, "Wow, they really, you know, show up. They really support you guys." And that's that's it's just so nice. Like I think he was just kind of surprised. It was like, "Oh, if you you mean if you ask people to come next year, like they would come." I was like, "I think so. >> Hopefully at least a few people maybe." >> And that's very humbling to say the least. All right. Well, let's watch some parade. I keep wanting to say fireworks. Normally, that's what I'm watching. Can I sit here? >> Oh, yeah. You're good. I only need room for me. I'm the only person in my group. I was like kind of trying to stay in the shade, but it's kind of hard to do cuz I'm afraid somebody's going to stand right in front of me. >> Close enough to the shade, though. Uh, no. We got battery check. I've got I'm plugged in now. >> Oh, yeah. Sorry if I if I missed your comment. I um I was um I was in the sun and couldn't see it until now. Now I can actually see the comments again. best beignes or Mickey ones at Porterans. I agree with that, but I need to try the ones here first, you know, for science before I can say def definitively that those at Portans are the best. In fact, I probably should try the portal ones again and that way it can be more scientific, I feel like. So, if you guys support me in my research, I No, I'm just kidding. But actually, we have to do that. Alaska Highway is all paved. That's cool. Tri state. Yes, we are all sheep. Nope. >> All right, I'm just reading through. Small world after all. >> We like you and Jenna. Definitely. I'm Wanda's granddaughter. Love watching you. We are staying at Wilderness Lodge. Nice. Okay, there's the Singstrong website in Mara posted. New York.stringstrong.sstrong.org. I am ready for a parade. Yes. Okay, there's Sean >> right here. Did AI miss the magical party today? Wait, what? AI? >> It's been fun, though. I'm glad to see you, Sean. Maybe you just meant I. >> Oh, uh, David said it'd be good to see see more hoppers, but I won't share sanitizer. I bet if you asked him nicely, maybe. I don't know. >> Oh, you're good. You're you're good. >> Hi, new friends. I met friends from Alaska and Seattle. I flew out of SeaTac. Uh I flew Alaska Air back and forth to Indiana many times. I feel you. That's cool. I've not done that before. All right. So, we're all good. Sorry. I'm like really was really behind on the chat, but now I've got it. I'm good now. All right. >> No, I haven't caught the new Muppet Show yet. I need to >> only about 14 minutes till parade. So that's cool. I literally haven't been home at all this week. So when I get some time, I'll definitely put it on. We still have Disney Plus. Like I said before, that's the one remaining stream streaming service that we have. Yeah, we'll watch Festival of Fantasy and then I'll probably probably uh call it a day. >> I may go do a relaxing stroll or two, though. I think it'd be a nice day for that. So, go ahead and subscribe if you're new. Follow us on social media. All the things. >> What's your favorite park and why Magic Kingdom? Just because there's so much to do here. Yep. It's Magic Kingdom for me. >> Been a fun day. I know it started a little late, but it's been a fun day for sure. Thank you to Miss Steph for sharing sauce with us. Absolutely. >> Yep. >> Sometimes I think she's glad to get me out of her hair. And today though, I did want to stay and make sure she was okay. That was the most important thing. >> And again, if you missed it, you you came on at 9:30 and like, "Why isn't he on yet?" I was taking care of Steph. She just was really not feeling good. Just having some blood pressure stuff and um high heart rate and we were just trying to make sure she was all right. But she it all calmed down. So, still going through the doctor visits to try and figure it all out. >> I am 10 and me and my grandma love watching you. Could we get a shout out? >> Yeah, Wanda, for sure. You and your grandma. I don't see I don't know your grandma's name, but I um am happy to shout her out, too. If you uh post it, hope you feel better soon. Yeah, for Steph for sure. I feel fine, but yes, we hope Steph feels better. I feel that. grocery stuff. Thanks. >> Is it a two cookie day? probably a one cookie day, but we'll uh that remains to be seen. I guess the sun's going down. It's right there, but it's starting to go down, so I'm getting um I'm going to have some cover here, I think, pretty soon. >> You can see my shadow. Hello. Still got my Coke. >> Street's pretty clear. I mean, don't get me wrong, the sun's not going down yet. It's just getting lower in the sky. It does get dark about 6, which is, you know, about 3 hours from now. >> Oh, thanks for all the prayers for Steph. Yeah, for sure. We just got to figure out what's going on so we can help help her feel better. So, we got to get the right the right doctors involved. >> Welcome one and all to the Magic Kingdom. In just a few minutes, we will proudly present an enchanting celebration in the streets, our Disney Festival of Fantasy Parade. And now, please welcome our honorary grand marshalss celebrating Audrey's graduation. Jana, Anna, and Audrey from Social Circle, Georgia. >> That's an interesting name for a town. Social circle. Is that what it said? Interesting. >> I love that music. They're coming. >> It would be cool to be Grand Marshall for sure. Here comes this guy. He's in the parade. >> Oh, you live next to Social Circle. That's cool. What a what a a unique name for a town. Oh my god. It's a cool car. Mickey's on the wheel. Oh yeah, David. Blitzville for sure. >> You have to make your list of things you want to do. I'm sure you already have. We got about 7 minutes till the parade comes out right down there by Tiana. Tiana's Mountain. I feel like you know what? It's easier to call it like Splash Mountain. It's easier to call it like a Splash Mountain. So, it could be fun. It would be it would have been fun to have it called Tiana's Bayou Adventure at Splash Mountain. I don't know. Maybe that's too long cuz then I would What mountain do we call it now? That's my only thing. Like I like the ride. I have no issue with the ride, but if they could even call it like like Yeah, Tiana's Bayou at Splash Mountain. That'd be kind of cool. >> Got to step inside that line. The American flag up there is is shading me from the sun. That's nice. Thank you, American flag. Technically, those aren't actually um those aren't actually full flags. I think that's the way it is because they don't take those down every night and things. And because I think isn't that the rule that they're not there's got to be something incomplete like they got to have like not enough stripes or not enough stars or something and then they don't have to like take it down and have it lit and all that kind of stuff. I think that's the flag code. >> Correct me if I'm wrong. I know Disney does follow it though, like totally the flag code, which is why they do the flag retreat every day, weather permitting at 5. >> Yes, we can do Country Bears next time, too, cuz um that'll be kind of my I'll do the stream where I do all the shows. I need to do Tiki Room and all that kind of stuff, too. So yeah, we will usually they'll have a few stars off. Okay, those are banners. They're missing either a star or stripe. You're correct about the flag code. There you go. Okay, so as long as they're missing a star or a stripe, then it doesn't have to follow the same rules as a full flag. Really, really beautiful day. I hope you guys get to come down soon or we can send you some more warmth through the screen. It >> is 71 right now. >> Feels like 70. Such a small difference. Take my water. Look at all these places. All right, here we go with 40 m 40 mile per hour gust of - 22. too. Wow, that's crazy. David, stay inside. I'm sure you are. I know you had to go outside. Said earlier, what was it? You were doing something outside, but hopefully now you can stay outside. That's crazy. kind of see Haunted Mansion and Big Thunder sticking up over there, which is nice. >> Do you think it's time for a new daytime parade? Um, yeah. I wouldn't mind it. Um, I think it'd be nice if they put some of the floats back in like and make it it used to be longer. I think that'd be nice. At least for starters. I'm not sure what happened to some of those parades, some of those floats. Like, which ones are missing? Is the under the seat float still missing? That was really cool. Or is it is it just reverb on those? Or did they just really make it shorter? >> I get sometimes with the crowds, it's hard to keep the, you know, this the roads blocked for an extended amount of time, but I think they can do it. The park's big enough. >> Yeah. No, I like Festival Fantasy, too. I, you know, I wouldn't be mad about an upgrade at some point, but it needs to definitely be an upgrade. So Oh, here we go. Enjoy. Tell me. Here is here ye royal guests from near and far. Welcome to the magic kingdom. You are warmly invited to join Mickey Mouse and his fantas. Dreams will come true. Will become a part of the magic. For the time has come to tilt your dresses and prepare to welcome the wondrous and wonderful Disney festival and see parade. Hey everyone. Yes. I like this. I want to thank you for my sister. But now purple. Thank you. What's the next? Christmas, huh? There you go. Heat. Heat. Somebody Heat. Heat. I don't know. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. What the Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I got a dream. I got a dream. I wish I freaking like everybody else. I got a dream. Heat. Heat. under the sea. Life under the sea is better than 18. Heat. Heat. Heat. Under the sea celebration. Yes. Hallelujah. Yes. Hello. Captain. Following the leader, the leader. Following the lead. Heat. Heat. Super. 1. Heat. You're my favorite. I'm sorry. Trump. Heat. Heat. I just fest. Heat. Heat. Tell The other day I see Oh boy. You're going to look That >> was amazing. And this is what it looks like right after the parade. >> It's madness. But that was a great parade. Wow. What a great parade. So fun. So festive. So much fantasy, if I do say so. It's almost like a festival of fantasy. No, it's great to see all the characters so closely. We got great shots of Mickey and Minnie and all their friends. It was wonderful and um yeah, I think everybody liked it. You love to see it. Um that was good stuff. Lots of the characters looked at us and waved. I do think sometimes and if you are a family member of a performer, it's nice if you can come on here and watch your family member delighting all of the people in the crowd because it is you're you know, you should be very proud if you've got a parade performer in your family uh or any cast member for that matter. But it's cool for again it's cool for the parade Oh, you're good. It's cool for the parade members to uh parade cast members to um be able Sorry, sorry to be able to see them by their family. That's pretty cool. All right, it's still pretty crowded. I was standing in the sun for a little bit. Wouldn't it be fun if I get a sunburn today after all the cold? That's how Florida is, though. Florida going to Florida. All right. Well, we're going to we are going to head back down towards the castle. I'm going to get my um get myself out of the sun for a second. What a what a great parade. Anyway, you know the drill. Subscribe if you're new. If you like this kind of content, if you like seeing Disney parks live exactly as it happened, not pre-recorded, not uh not something that happened yesterday or two days ago or 3 days ago. If you like that, well, you know what to do. Subscribe and also hit the notification bell because then you get notified whenever we go live or have a new video. I love the guy's got a pirate flag on his ECV there. Makes it easy for his family to keep up with him. Probably follow that pirate flag. Oh, look. Oh, there's another lady in the group that has a pirate flag. That's fun. How super fun. Give me just a second. Let me get myself through the uh this little opening here. Breezeway as they as they would say. >> David says the wind's real blow really blowing. Yeah. Is it a storm or is this a cold front? >> So that people can come down and use the ramp. Stay to the right hand side. >> All right. There's your there's your doors. Okay. I'm not going to be able to see the chat for a second. It is the the sun is very sunny right now. >> Oh my. >> All right. there. Now, maybe when I turn away from it, I can see a little better. I can actually unplug for a minute. Yep, we're good. We've got enough power to finish the stream. So, yeah. Thanks for joining me today. What a fun day. >> You know, we didn't know what was going to happen. I actually wasn't planning on staying for the parade. So, because I started late, I got to stay for the parade. >> How fun. >> Oh, I'm sorry. We thought you >> And I do appreciate everybody staying with me. Super awesome. >> Hope everybody has an awesome rest of their weekend >> and I'll see you guys on Tranquil Tuesday. Jenna will see you magical Monday and uh we should be back together again on Friday night live with everybody. So hopefully mom and dad want to join us for a little bit. I think that works well for them too if they were able to join us even for the beginning or something. At least we get to hang out for a little bit and then they always have their own car and they can go they can go whenever they're ready. Works out quite well. All right, here we go. Cool. So, uh, thanks for hosting us. Absolutely. My pleasure. It'd be like Rizzo. Welcome to my park. No, just kidding. >> Look at Oh, look at that. Look at this. Look at the sky. just how awesome it looks with the the palm trees and the buildings there. >> I always thought I would be watching my daughter playing a princess and singing as well. Yes, I'm biased, but she is talented still. She's still dreaming talks about it. Aw, never say never. You know, that's the horizons. If you can dream it, you can do it. Oh, how interesting. Look at this. Never seen a sign like that before. Sorry, I'm not trying to I'm just trying to the I've never seen a sign like that before. Please pardon all the dead plants. It was cold. >> Oh, I hadn't seen them. That's cool. I know. I know my yard is dead, but I I live here, so I don't have any signs, so that's nice. Disney horiculture. Well, even Disney can't control the weather. Like, and they had so many. They had so many like just so many. Well, here, look. Yeah. See, look. They've got It's kind of all all dead here, too. But they've got a lot There's another sign there. They've got a lot of uh a lot of plants that you know when it gets down to 24 they're just not going to make it. >> Yeah, I've never seen a sign like that at Disney before. >> I didn't want to There was a guy sitting right in front of it and I didn't want to like be in his business too much. He was obviously nice, but it just so happened that all of those signs and somebody was sitting in front of them every time, but I uh I wanted to show you. So, you can rewind and pause it if you want to read it. But basically, it said we had a visit from Jack Frost. How funny >> it was Jack Frost, not Elsa. That's right. Elsa's like, can you see the meme with Elsa? Elsa's like, I was framed. It wasn't me. Or you can see this. What's with the song Shaggy? The uh the regular thing. It wasn't me. Oh, wow. Yeah. I bet Jungle Cruise looks a little bit rough, too. They have a big job. They posted something on Facebook how to how to take care of crops after or plants after they have had a freeze. One of the things was to cut it down, cut all the dead material off and see if there's any green in there. And if there is green, then there there's some life maybe underground. It might come back. But yeah, you know, the weather's going to weather. So, it's good that they put the signs in. I think everybody reasonably understands that that's like obviously, you know, a thing. Like this whole this whole this whole thing is dead. But yeah, it's just part of it. This whole planter is pretty much gone. Now, they do, like a lot of people said on the stream, they do have uh green houses, so they can replace things. >> See, obviously these are supposed to be green. And you can see how wilty these are. Yep. I'm in Adventure Land at the Magic Kingdom. That is correct. Usually, pretty much the bigger the plant is, the more hearty it'll be. Like these, you can tell these got shocked a little bit, but they uh they they they probably will make it. These back here for some reason are okay. Yeah, you just never know. It's just depending on how they get hit. Maybe being back in and underneath. Maybe they're a little more protected. I don't know. Looks like fall time. Yeah, you don't normally see that here, but it is, as they say in the Lion King, it's a circle of life, you know. >> It is part of the circle of life. And it'll come back. They'll replant. I'll be all I'm sure it'll be all fixed by Late spring, early summer, we shouldn't have any more freezes. At least not in the 20s. >> Come along and sing the song and join the Can you imagine if we uh they had to deal with that regularly? Yeah, I'm glad it's not every year for sure. I feel bad for them, but yes, the horiculture team is amazing. And you know, I'm sure they've been planning for it, but obviously that still doesn't make it that doesn't make the hard work easier, but I'm sure they you know, they've been talking about the freeze for a while, so I'm sure they had a contingency plan. to um protect as many of the plants as possible. There's the end of the parade again. That's kind of a cool place to watch back here in the shade. Must be a problem with the repeater up by the castle. Had a little blip there. I'll keep the I'll keep the signal low for a second. Hopefully, it'll come back. of education. They did well. No, they did. I I think they they really there's a lot of it that is okay. And I think that's tribute to how hard they worked beforehand. There was no way to save all of it for sure. Literally, there was no way except for just not have a freeze, which obviously again they can't control extra fish fertilizer from the land. Yeah, for sure. There's Mickey and Minnie. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, the Markhams, I hope you get to come someday. He said you have some surgeries. I hope they uh I hope uh they're successful and I hope they I hope you don't have to have anymore. You know what I've noticed a lot more lately? A lot more people, especially younger people, having actual cameras. You see that? A lot more people having real cameras. And of course, the cameras are more the cameras are more um capable than they used to be. So they they will like connect right to your phone for sharing. Like this group over here is taking pictures with like a regular some regular cameras. I don't know. Have you guys seen that before? It's kind of cool to see. Like I love phones, but you know, there is something to be said for a really nice dedicated camera. Even the pocket size ones can be better because they've got maybe a bigger sensor, more optical zoom, stuff like that. Better image science processing, whatever things and stuff and things. I don't know. That's kind of cool. Couldn't ask for a nicer day. No, you definitely couldn't. All right. Are the blips gone? The blips, the sweeps, and the creeps. We good? How awesome. >> Well, I think after the parade crowds clear out, I'm going to A lot of people go home after this or go back to the resort for a little bit. I am going to do a little relaxing stroll to add to the um the 24-hour channel. Speaking of the 24-hour channel, uh I'm going to send you over there here in a bit. But also, uh there was just a video posted on the channel just now. I think it just went live just now. Let me see. Yeah, it should have. Here we go. Okay, here's the video right here. So, I'm going to send you to the 24, but go watch this video as well. This came from my tranquil Tuesday. There was a little some discussions we had there. So, go check that out. >> Go check it out. Going to be awesome. Yeah. So, you've got um Why Value Resorts are a good choice. I like them. >> So, there you go. Oh, you just got a camcorder. That's cool. That's good. A lot of times our photos are forgotten on our phones. I know. Filming digital cameras are making a great comeback. How cool. I feel like I I will say something about Gen Z. I feel like they kind of appreciate stuff from the past where sometimes the later generation some of the later generation millennials maybe didn't as much. But I think it makes sense, right? Maybe some of the the later later younger generation millennials. What? Wait, what came after millennials? Was it alpha? Maybe alpha is the one that doesn't appreciate. probably millennials appreciate it. Maybe I'm still like Gen X, but I don't know. Either way, I feel like the Gen Z really does have an appreciation for retro things, and that is a good thing because they are eventually going to be the the gen with the buying power and stuff. So, the companies will cater to what they want, which means more retro stuff for everybody. Or as Olaf says, warm hugs for everybody. Tired of having their footage lose. Yeah, quality for sure. I've been loving the 24/7 channels. Perfect background. magical video to add when you want Disney vibes to add to your day for sure. So yeah, go check that out. The uh Disney Value Resort video. Also, um again, head over to 24/7 with me. It's going to be awesome. Uh so I'm going to come up here by the castle and say goodbye for now. So long for now. I do Oh, I do need to thank our awesome sponsors. Uh all the links are in the description down below, but go check out all the awesome sponsors. We talked about Mickey Blog and Mickeys.com. Definitely go check them out if you want to book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World. Mickeyblog and mickeyras.com is the best way to do that. So again, mickeyblog.com for the latest Disney news at mickeytras.com to book your next trip to Walt Disney World. Also, we talked all the way about resortbomes. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, you're tired of the cold, come on down. We do get cold here sometimes, but it gets warm pretty quick. So that's resorttv1homes.com. Again, resorttv1homes.com. We're brokered by EXP Realy. We have closings all the time. We have great agents and we always have people come back and say the agents were awesome. They're the best of the best. Go check it out at resorttv1homes.com brokered by expy. And again, click on contact us and one of those one of our expert realtors will get back to you as soon as possible. Also, and by the way, if somebody doesn't get back to you, sometimes the system glitches, just let me know, email me. Um, you can find my email in the about page of the YouTube channel. Uh, but either way, definitely resort tv1homes.com. And then we also have uh David's DBC Rentals. DBCrequest.com/tv. Again, that's dbcrequest.com/tv. Go check it out. David's DVC Rentals. Again, dbcrequest.com/tv. Uh, also we have Behind the Ride on Amazon. That's behind the Ride if you want to find out how all your favorite rides were created. And we have Disney Demystified also on Amazon. So go to Amazon and search for Behind the Ride and search for Disney Demystified. It's two really great books to help you learn about the history of the parks and you can listen to them in the car, on the plane, or wherever else. So, you can also uh you can also read the read the books if you'd rather do the ebooks and just read it. So, that's pretty cool. So, go check it out. Uh we also have uh Layer 1 Technology is an awesome sponsor. If you have it needs for your small or mediumsiz business, just go to uh support technology.com. >> So, go check it out, guys. All right. >> Um, there we go. Okay. We also have platinum members that pledge $50 a month or more on YouTube. Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Stephanie Mertz, Go Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer, Mickey, William Wy, Night Crazy Grunup, Life, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jayla Moxy, Cicander Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Berismo, and Alan J. Thank you Platinum members. Thank you moppers for moderating. Thank you uh all of our YouTube members of all levels, bronze, silver, gold, and platinum. And thank you Patreon members as well. We'll see you next time. All right, I'll see you on the 24/7 channel. There we go. Put my put my sunglasses down. I got my People Mover shirt on. Anyway, thanks everybody. It's been a great day. Uh go back and watch the replays. Go check out the 24/7 channel here in a minute. And go check out the Value Resort video. We got tons of stuff coming up and uh glad for you guys to be a part of it. So, we'll see you soon. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye bye. Mickey One more. Go. ugly. >> Yeah. So let's Going through.
