---
video_id: NAf0IrSBvGo
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Huge Cinderella Castle Painting Update! 2-15-26 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-02-15
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAf0IrSBvGo
---
All right, so here is your castle painting update for this week. Everybody, check this out. First of all, you can see that the moat here in Tomorrowland is basically completely dry, which is weird to see. It's fairly dry over here on the other side. Uh, but yeah, it's very strange to see that. But as we make our way around, we're going to see how the castle is painted and that there's a You can actually see it from here. Look at this. This is a great shot. You can see the pink castle in the front and you can see the uh gray in the rear there. So, there's your castle painting update. Look at that. Yeah, you can definitely see that back turret has that gray color. Now, I'm wondering if that is some kind of a base coat and that the original color will be slightly brighter gray than that. I say brighter gray like that's a thing. But there you go. Let me get an even better zoom on that for you. And we're going to go all the way into uh my 5x 5x optical. And you can really see now the difference in the color between the uh pink and the gray. So let me know what you guys think. It's a pretty interesting juxosition there between the two colors. I'll stick on that in just a minute so you can see it. All right, let's zoom back out and we're going to walk up a little closer to it and show you what it looks like from the side and the back. So, yeah, it is quite a difference. Got the people mover going above us there. It's always relaxing. So, here, let's go over here. Let's see what it looks like from the other side. Oh, Marland's not too busy at all here. Check that out. I mean, I'm sure Tron is busy, but All right. So, can't really see the castle too well from here. You can definitely see the the dry moat. Look at that. I mean, it's like bone dry down there. The backside's half pink and half white. Oh, interesting. Okay, so we're going to go all the way around. We're going to do the whole update while the sun is shining on it nicely. So, here we go. So, we're leaving Tomorrowland and we're going to head around and check out the castle painting update here. There you go. You can see a little another view of the the moat. There's uh looks like some mud and stuff that gets down in there, but the good news is they can kind of clean that now. Even though it doesn't really matter, I wouldn't think, but they probably will clean the bottom of the moat. So, apparently, we learned on Disneyland Handcrafted that they learned that they had to like kind of pave or seal the bottom of these rivers and moes because they apparently filled up the Rivers of America in Disneyland and then realized that it had like it had all drained out pretty quickly. um right into the ground. So, they had to have it sealed up somehow. So, that's why they've got concrete on the bottom there. Well, let's go check this out here. You can kind of see a little bit again, the gray and the pink right there at the top. It's very interesting. But, let's go around this right hand side here and see what we can see. So, here. All right. Yes, Jenn and Dale really got a good start on painting their house. If you're new to the channel, uh you might not know my sister Jenna who does the videos with me. She always jokes that she and her husband Dale live in the castle. So they they've been painting. The ironic thing is I think they're painting their house today. Anyway, let's go over here and uh see another view. And again, the moat is very very dry. Much drier than the last update here. All right, so now let's get a let's get a closeup from here. Wow. I I don't know yet. I think they're just not done with it yet. So again, I'm going to reserve judgment at this point. But you can definitely see even here if I you can even see some differences right in the entire like you've got pink over here and gray right there. So there's even differences. You're going to see huge differences as they continue. Hold on. We love Resort TV1. Thank you. Appreciate that. Just looking at the painting here. Yeah. So, you'll see some huge differences as they go along here. It's pretty crazy. Yeah. I don't think the new color is going to blend with the sky except for maybe when it's gray. But again, I don't think that's quite the new color. So, we'll see. Here's another interesting thing. The rocks are different colors here above the water. Probably just from a little the water wear and tear. So there you can see castle reflection. It's pretty fun. So yeah, I think I think this is not the original color or the uh the final color. I think it's going to probably be that's probably a base coat. Somebody said it's white in the back. So I'm going to check that out. Actually, this turret right here is like half pink and half gray, which is kind of crazy. Huh. Very cool. Nice to meet you guys. Good to see you. Nice to meet you. Let's go around here and see if we can see a different view here. But yeah, there's a lot of lot of painting going on. Of course, you know, just like any other type of painting project, it happens in stages. So, but while the sun is on this side of the castle, I think it's going to be a good a good opportunity to really show the color. But let's not I'm just showing you the progress. Let's not make any judgments about the color until it's completely done. Um because I would imagine with something this big of a color change, I would imagine they're going to have multiple coats involved and and things, you know, they they're I'm Yeah, that's No, that's a that's a Now I can very clearly see from this side that's a primer color. You see that? Yeah, that's not the gray that's in the picture. That is a primer color for sure. Here, let me zoom really close on it. You can see there now. That's definitely a primer color. Yeah. So, I don't think that's the final the final boss, so to speak. Now, from this side, it really looks very white. Let me let me rewind. Let me zoom in really far. I think you guys can see what I'm talking about now. See how light it is? Yeah. So, that's But it looks nice. It's actually a change. It's a nice contrast with the blue. That's not the grade we're looking for. No. And I Yeah. So, if you look at the concept art, that's definitely not it, but I think it's going to look really great and they're doing a great job with it. They're taking their time and uh they're going to make it awesome. So, I don't know. They didn't they didn't say a completion date. Like, they haven't really announced that. I think that, you know, weather can of course play a factor in these things. Um, luckily in the spring here, there's not a It's not quite spring, but luckily, you know, in the late winter, early spring, there's not a lot of rain around here, so they shouldn't have to combat the rain, which is nice. But, uh, we shall see. I see it now. Definitely primer. Yeah, for sure. Not Not even a question. Let me get a picture for the thumbnail of the update video. I'm trying to get one that really shows the color difference. Maybe on the other side. Yeah, that's pretty interesting. It's always better than the birthday castle. Yeah, it was fun for like a year, but I will I was disappointed when I was a kid and was excited to see the castle and it wasn't it wasn't right. Wasn't normal. All right, so there you go. Let's go around the back side of castle and see if we can see a little better view of it as we get further back. So, they started on that side, the right hand side as you face it from the front. All right, we're going deeper into Fantasy Land here. Okay. Oh, the sun's too bright. It's going to be hard to see. Oh, you can kind of see it. You can kind of see it. Let's go back just a little further. How about way back here? Well, you have to. There we go. How about this over here? There we go. Wow. So the the whole back side is very very light colored here. Look at that. Yep. Pretty interesting. the step sisters. Well, there you go. Yeah, it's going to be nice. And actually, here you can kind of see right in the back here, some of the trim is done, but not the uh in not the insides of it. So, right there, you can see the trim is gray, but not the kind of inner panels there yet. So, that's fairly interesting. You really again don't see the work in progress that often, but I'm sure they're working on it every night. And it uh definitely is going to be pretty cool. So, yeah, almost all the pink. There's still some kind of here and here. Yeah, it's mostly gone. All right, let's go back around to this other side here cuz I want to get another picture of it. But there you have it. That is your Cinderella Castle painting update for this week. That's pretty cool. I'm uh actually fairly excited about it, even though I'm pretty sure that's just primer. And in the chat, let me know if you think it's primer. And in the in the replay clip here, let me know if uh you think it's just primer or if you think it's the real color. Let me know in the comments of the video. So, they never said when the paint job was going to be done. They didn't say that yet. Let's go over here. I personally like it. Well, there we go. Yeah, it's it's very cool for sure. Oh, that's a good shot. All right. Well, there you have it. That is your castle painting update for this week. Again, leave a comment. Let me know what you think.
