---
video_id: mBg75_esb4k
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Huge Cinderella Castle Update April 2026 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-04-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBg75_esb4k
---
All right. Well, let's do a castle update real quick. >> There you go. Look at it. It's finished. >> I don't know about the actual uh gray if it's going to stay this way, but it looks really nice, doesn't it? >> Surprised, excited. >> So, I was here Saturday, just a few days ago, and they hadn't finished painting all of the turrets, and now they have clearly done that. This looks amazing. >> I like it. It reminds me of what it used to be. I enjoyed the pink for a while, but I think the uh the blue is very becoming the gray and blue, I should say. The gray and blue is very becoming. It'll be interesting. We're going to go down here for a second. Oh, also apparently there's a cavalcade coming. But we're also going to go and see if there is a um if the lifts are still in the moes or not. Uh here, let's actually go this way. Let's go around to the other side. That way we can be in the right place. Let the magic begin going to return. I don't know. We'll see. I mean, they still do the castle friendship fair show, so be interesting to see. Yeah, that looks really nice, doesn't it? This song is so catchy. Agreed. Wow, look at that. All right. So, now that we're close to the castle, uh, we can see a lot better the color here. Let's get some close-ups here just from the front area. They even did the the crisscross pattern there on both the front and the back. Looks like they still have a little more work to do uh down here. Looks like they haven't quite got it done down there, but that's uh looks very very nice. Wow. It's striking. Even against the blue sky, the darker blue really really looks nice. I love that. Look at that. That's so nice. All right, let's go around. Wow. >> Sorry. All right, let's go around >> and uh see if we can see. I'm sure the lifts are still down there. I'm sure it's still um >> I'm sure it's still uh >> the moat being drained, but we will see what the status is. And of course, this is Easter week, so it is very busy. All right. So, let's go back over here and see what's going on. >> Got to love that Main Street music. Yeah, they still got the lifts. You can see them down there. >> Yeah. So, I I think they still got some work to do, but it is much closer to completion, and we have much better idea about what it's going to what it's going to look like when it is complete. But, I love that they're taking time with it. I think that's, you know, it's great with something like this. You can tell there's a lot of meticulous work going on and that they're really working to make sure that it's as good as it possibly can be. So, here, there you go. All right. So, you can see from the side, this looks really nice. >> So, moat's still drained. Lift's still there. So, they still have work to do. But, um the the juryy's still out. Let me know. It's kind of hard to see cuz we're back lit on this side. We'll have to go on the other side. Back lit meaning the sun is is is shining towards us technically right now. But, just let me know if you think that this is going to get darker here, if this is going to be a darker version of gray or if it's actually going to stay just like this. Let's check it out. So, let's go over here real quick. Um, and here actually, uh, because it's been dry for a couple days, the moat's really dried out nicely. It really has. Isn't that great? There you go. Okay, so let's go around back side of castle. Okay, let's take a look here. As we get closer to the castle, we'll be able to see >> again with the sun kind of on the wrong side, but we still should be able to see the color fairly fairly well, fairly clearly. >> Yeah, the blue is very very nice. It is indeed very royal. >> Let's come out here just a little bit and get a uh a full official backside of castle look. >> Oh my god, just >> Okay. Back side of castle. Oh yeah, it looks great. This hasn't really changed from Saturday, >> but I didn't also didn't post Saturday's video as an update. So, >> that's just on the stream for now. But here, this looks great. Let's get a little zoom here. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah, that looks great. >> Hope that gives you an idea of exactly what it looks like. Okay, so there you go. >> So now let's go around to this side and we can finish this up. We'll get a better look at the sun shining directly on the castle. So, you get a better look at what the colors actually are >> in bright sun. Oh yeah, look at that. Against the uh against the blue sky, the blue turrets look pretty incredible. Honestly, pretty amazing. Wow, that is awesome. >> Is she a be clark? I agree. All right. >> The beef is back on. >> Here's a better look from this side. >> Okay. >> Wait. What happens in two minutes? I don't that'll be that serious. >> There you go. >> That looks great. >> Is it starting from now? >> So, there you go. That looks amazing. >> Yeah, I'm digging it. Oh, there's the characters. >> Oh, they're getting ready. They're getting ready. Oh my goodness. >> Wow. >> How fun. >> Yeah. So, the castle show is getting ready to start. I don't think I'm going to watch that, but I just wanted to give you guys an update here. >> I love how the characters are getting ready backstage waving at people. And that's so fun. >> All right. Look at that. >> Look, they show up stage. That looks awesome. Digging it. Well, let's go around to the front and I think this this update will be complete. So, we'll see what happens. I don't think they're done yet because the lifts are still there and there's some touch-up work to do, but again, they may paint the uh the upper section a little darker gray just based on the concept art, but also concept art and colors in real life may be slightly different. That's normally when you paint your house, you have those kind of things happen. So, I do think it still looks nice. If this is how it stays, I'm good. Look at that. Waiting in the wings for the queue. Yes, that's what they were doing. That's great. >> How fun. that. >> So, somebody was asking how how they uh stop the moat right there. Actually, there's the dam right there. So, there they go. Right there. That's how they stop the water. And then they have the pump in there that pumps out as much water as it can. So, so you can see the mode is pretty much at full size or full uh depth on the other side, which isn't super deep. It's not a super deep moat, but that is how they uh that's how they do it. They just go ahead and uh >> put those dams up on both sides. >> Oh yeah. >> Now these will need to be painted too. Look, these turrets will need to be painted, too, cuz obviously they need to match. So, actually, that's a good shot. You can really see um you can really actually see the uh the whole like the colors how different they are there. >> So, there you go. That was kind of fun. >> I can't wait. >> How awesome. >> All right, everybody. Well, >> we're back at the front. The castle shows on. And I guess uh I'd say that'll be your castle update for this time. So, hope you enjoyed the castle update. playing the day when you hear the music intro and >> there you go. It looks great.
