---
video_id: ffaQfFh0As8
channel: ResortTV1
title: "RunDisney Marathon Weekend Expo - Shopping, Bibs & More - Walt Disney World 2026"
published: 2026-01-12
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffaQfFh0As8
---
Hey guys, this is Jenna with Resort TV1 and we are back at ESPN Wide World of Sports because Dale and I are um participating in Marathon Weekend for the first time ever. Um so we're going to be doing the 10K which is Chip and Dale themed. So that's why we're doing it, of course. Um so today is Expo Day. So we're going to head inside, check out the merch. Dale's not with me right now because he did have to work this morning. So we're going to come back later and pick up our bibs together. But, you know, I have to be here early to check out the merch. So, let's go. Well, we're heading in with everybody else. And holy moly, is it busy. Never done marathon weekend before. And just driving into the parking lot was insane. Um, so yeah, it's going to be a busy expo, but it is four races versus usually three that I've done in the past. There's four during marathon weekend, so makes sense. More people, more races. And this is, I think, one of the most popular. Well, they're all popular. They all sell out. Wowzer. Okay, I think we have about 15 more minutes until our virtual queue is called, so we'll just kind of hang out until then. Well, here is our race banner. So excited. Chip andale 10K. Look how cute they are. They are uh undercover detectives trying to find I don't know what, but we're going to find out the finish line. There we go. All right, our group has been called or my group has been called. So, we're heading in now. But, um, I do have a friend with me. >> Hey, Sharon. She's not running, but she thought, why not come and hang out? >> I'm running in spirit. >> Exactly. Moral support since Dale couldn't come this morning. So, we're group 25. So, let's head in, see how long the line is. >> They're welcoming us to the expo. >> Stand in and heading on in. Oh, look. They've got all the banners up here for all the races. Oh my goodness. That's so cute. >> There's ours in the middle. >> There's a five, >> the tin, >> the half, >> and the full. >> All right, here we go. Oh, I like that one. Bark bark. Aroo. A, that's so cute. America's private eyes. Okay, that's adorable. I love this. Of >> course, the Dopey Challenge is this weekend as well. When you do all four races, it's a Dopey challenge. >> Oh, it doesn't look crazy in there. All right. Awesome. Got Mickey Brook shoes, the regular Run Disney, and then these are the brand new Chip and Dale. They're amazing. $170. Oh my goodness. I still think Dale needs some. And then here's Stitch. >> These are also Oh, these are more. 175 for Stitch. And then these are just run Disney. >> They were all black ones. >> Oh, the castle's on the back. Oh, I didn't see that. Oh, that's awesome. >> Welcome in. If you are looking to >> The line is longing over to the right. Oh my goodness. I don't think I've ever seen it this long before. Wowzer. Okay, we'll see how long it takes. It is 10:33. Well, we're getting closer. It is 11:19. Um, so not quite an hour, but almost an hour. We'll see if it actually takes us an hour to get in. And it is still insane back there. Right, it's our turn to shop. It is just under an hour. It is 11:27. We got in line at 10, I think around 10:30, something like that. So, we are just at an hour, but it actually went quicker than I thought. So, here we go. Actually, it's not as crazy as it was for our food and wine. So, maybe they're limiting people more than normal, which I love. All right, ears. Ears first and then the button. Let's go to the 10K. We'll get my button first cuz those seem to sell out. I love how not squishy it is in here. Oh my goodness, this jacket is amazing. >> Gosh. >> All right, let's get the metal. >> Oh, I got to get a pin. Okay. >> Yep. They got plenty. Add to cart. >> That's a car. >> Got to get it. Here's the other 10K. This one's really cute, too. Um, but I need the metal one cuz that's kind of in my collection. Here's the uh 10K jacket. And this is amazing. If it weren't $79.99, I think Dale would want it. There's nothing on the back. It's plain. Oh, that's so cute. We have the 10K cracked it shirt. [laughter] 10K. Oh, Dale, look at the back. That's so cute. Wait. >> Adorable. >> Yeah, the back. Look at it. Look at him. Dale's like, I did it. I can eat now. [laughter] So cute. It's $44.99. >> I do like it though. >> The 10K sure is so cute. I like the hunter green. And again, here's the back. Mystery solved. [laughter] It's $44.99. And then we have the 10K uh card magnet. And uh it is, let's see how much. $14.99. This is so cute. But we're not running the 5K. But you know, it doesn't really say 5K. It just says full speed ahead. Run Disney. $34.99. I might need that. Adorable. Well, we just found out that there's no ears at least today. So, I don't know what's happening there, but we're not going crazy. Look at this. They have the pin set for all of the races, including the Dopey. Um, it is $74.99, but you are getting six pins. Here's the spirit jersey for marathon weekend. That's really cute. I like the colors. And then it has the numbers of the race on the sleeves. Love it. And little hearts and different things. And then here's the back. Oh, that's really pretty. I like that. It is $79.99. So, normal normal price for the spirit jerseys. >> There's the corksicle for this marathon weekend. Nice and big. It's got the nice handle. $49.99 for that. >> Here's the mug for the marathon weekend. They've got the little shoe on the front, which I love. And then on the back, it says, "Uh, Marathon Weekend, what's your story?" And it has Elasis on the handle, which is super cute. $27.99. Okay, we just found a little um keychain bag charm. It has all of the races on here. Um, $24.99. Not bad. If I was doing Dopey, I would 100% buy it. >> But here's Dale and I if it'll focus. >> And then we have the little shoe ornament. Or you can just set it on your desk. You can take the little uh hanger thing off and just have it sit on your desk, too. They're 29.99. We have postcard sets. This is set of six. [music] We've got Dolby and the 5K, the Goofy Half, 10, and oh, sorry, this is the half. >> And this is the half challenge. I see. >> Um, and they are Oh, they're all in here. Okay. $12.99, but they're just showing us what they look like. How cool. >> First up is the 5K. We already showed you the 10K cuz that's what Dale and I are running. So, I was excited for that. Here's the back. I wish we would have done this one. He's so cute. $44.99. That's It says zapped it. Love it. Here's the pins. We've got this one and the metal. The metal is so cute. $26.99 and >> perfect >> $21.99. >> Love this color. >> We have a long sleeve shirt for the 5K. This one I really like. I like the material. So, this is the back. Here's the front. Pretty plain on the front. Um, how much are you? $49.99. Little little little pricey. Says full speed the head on the sleeve. Well, I showed you guys all the 10K already, so let's move on to the half. Oh, these are cute. We've got Donald and Daisy. And I love the heart around the front. Oh, here's the back. >> So cute. Wow. Okay. How much are you? >> Probably expensive. Oh, here we go. $ 69.99. So, normal hoodie price. Um, and here are the medals. So cute. Or not metals, I'm sorry. Pins, the pin metal. Same prices as the others. And here's a magnet. They have way more merch for the the half, which I get. It's a big deal to run the half marathon. Um, here's the shirt. Oh, I love it. This is amazing. Sorry for the shadow. Um, let's see what's on the back. A love never ends. Adorable. $44.99. And then there's this one. The front and there's the back. Uh, also $44.99. Next up is the marathon. Oh, this is cool. Conquered it. 26.2. This is a goal. Big time goal. Oh, I love the back. Oh, look at them. The king and queen. $44.99. Here's the car magnet. Sorry for the glare. And then, oh, we've got this pen. I almost said metal again. And then the metal pin. Hopefully, it's focusing for you guys. And then there's also this one. There's three in this in the marathon, $24.99, $21.99, and I bet $26.99. All right, here is the back. Happily Ever After. That is so cute. And then here's the front. >> And again, probably $44.99. Yep. >> We have some zip-up jackets over here for the marathon. Looks like a nice windbreaker. Nice material. I like this. >> Yeah, the material is interesting. >> $79.99. Uh here's the back. >> So, it's nice. Lightweight rain jacket almost. >> Yeah, very nice spring jacket. >> Repel water. Maybe not. >> I like it. >> Here we have the coast to coast races. >> That is a real goal. Do a race here. A race there. Um the pin, metal pin is amazing. I'm sure this is what the metal looks like. Yeah, that's cute. >> That is a big time goal. Oh, look. It moves. Minnie and Mickey running from coast to coast. >> I kind of want this even though I'm not running it. >> $26.99. >> We have the shirt for the coast to coast. So, it's just kind of plain on the front and then the back. It's like the pen. $44.99. >> That's cute. Okay, we need more tank tops. >> It's just plain on the back. >> Yep. $44.99 for that. I love >> I know. Me, too. Love it. Love it. >> Oh, we Okay, so the marathon weekend. More of the jackets and things. Here's a just a run Disney corksicle. $49.99. So, we're done with that side. Let's head over to this side. See what else we can find. Oh, we've got the um the Goofy half. $44.99. I bet we could look at Look at Goofy. [laughter] So cute. >> That would be neat. >> Uhhuh. >> All right. And then we have um the pin. Want to say metal? Here's the metal. Does he move? He moves. A I love pins that move. And a magnet. >> Oh, one more right here. >> We got another one here. 39.3 miles. A He's so cute. >> I like this color. It's very nice. $44.99. >> Oh, we found some more. This one's really cute. I like the Run Disney uh hoodie. $69.99. It's a zip-up hoodie. And this one's for the Goofy challenge. Love it. There's a line here. And this apparently is for Dopey merch. So, if you're in the Dopey race, you have to show that you're actually registered. Then you have to wait in this line to buy merch. Well, we're in the uh Marathon Weekend merch now, and they have a baseball jersey, which is very nice. $74.99. There's the back. >> Ain't that cute? >> Yeah. Looks like a big patch. >> We also have a Marathon Weekend hat. Uh $36.99. It's Mickey. It's a nice hat. Lightweight. We have the half zips over here. Liking these a lot. says Marathon weekend in the corner. Nothing on the back. Kind of like I guess our princess race had something on the back, didn't it? >> That's not bad. It was kind of nice to have. >> Oh, $54.99. That's not bad at all. Our princess one was way more. >> I think I showed these, but I'll show them again. We've got Marathon Weekend with Mickey and Minnie pin and then um a magnet. We also have Marathon Weekend um shirt just for any of the races. See what the back Oh, the back is plain. It's $44.99. Got Mickey there on the sleeve. Love it. There's a zip-up jacket. Says Marathon Weekend on the back. Here is the front. Love that. It's $94.99. Really cute though. Here's another Marathon Weekend uh t-shirt. Nice wiki material. Most of them are. It's $44.99. uh plain on the back. Really like that. And then they have this jacket which I like as well. It's very lightweight. Zip up. It has a hood. I like that it has a hood. >> I love the hood. >> Oh, the back is so cute. $99.99, but it does have a hood, so I guess it's a little bit more than the other one. Wow. Cute, though. We also have a Marathon weekend uh tank top here for uh $44.99. Oh, I like the back. That's cute. >> That's fun. >> They even have that little pleat. >> Yeah, love it. Here's some leggings. I like that they're the flared leg. That's fun. Um they are $64.99 and there's pockets for your phone. There's a line to wait for the passholder merch as well. Um, not very long though. >> Here's the pen. >> Do you like that pen? >> The passholders. You got the magnet. And here's a better look at that shirt. And this is on the back. So, this is the back of the shirt. Nice. It is $39.99. >> So, these are stackable mugs. And this is the one. This is just run Disney. Um, I think these are for springtime surprise and the princess run. And then of course you've got your marathon weekend. And they're all [clears throat] stackable. I think I'm going to need the princess one. I like that a lot. Here is all the Run Disney merch. Not specific to any race, just Run Disney. Love this vest. Oh, and it's Is it Minnie Mouse? It is Minnie Mouse. [music] It's got her bow. >> $70. >> 70 $69.99. There you go. Is there anything on the back? Nope. It's plain. Loving loving this jacket. We've got Minnie Mouse here. It's a zip up. It is $99.99. Plain on the back, but it does say run Disney on the hood. And I love that it actually has a hood. And it's got reflecting things on it. Uh-huh. Got a Run Disney Mickey shirt here. It is $44.99. Nice wiki material. Says we're on Disney on the back. Got your lug bag plus water bottle holder. This is very nice. Love these so much. I like the look of these. It's $50 and it has a strap in there, too. They have bracelets here for Run Disney. We've got Minnie Mouse, pink, red. Oh, I like this one. Oh, and this one has a shoe. Okay, that's cute. >> I love the run Disney hat for the winter months. This is great. $24.99. And the last princess race, this would have been great. >> We were freezing. >> This is nice. Pullover sweatshirt. $59.99. It's fairly thick, isn't it? >> And then the hat got Mickey. Uh, let's see. $34.99 since we're on Disney. Well, we found a new jacket and it is really cute. It's very like futuristic, spaceelike. >> It's $94.99. >> Nice and lightweight though. >> I do like it. >> They'd see you coming. >> Yes. >> Oh, it's it's like a fleece like a fleece jacket >> for $69.99. It's got Mickey there. Run Disney. >> [clears throat] >> plain on the back, but it is soft. >> I want to show Let's show this one over here. >> Get a better better look at it. >> Can see everything. >> I like it. >> So cute. >> Put your little phone in there. >> I like it. Or your wallet. >> Oh, yeah. And then these zip pockets also. >> That is nice. Especially when you're running. >> Yeah. >> How cute is this? It's got like sparkles in the material. I don't know if you guys can see that or not on the camera, but Minnie Mouse up top there. $ 69.99. It is short. Yeah. >> But with a chutu, >> that would be perfect. >> That would be really cute for the princess, right? >> Yeah, it would if it's cold. >> We don't know yet. It might be warm cuz it's going to be warm in January. >> This is adorable. It's like a nice long sleeve tea. >> The outline when we block the lighting here. >> Yeah, you can It looks like a different Oh, >> I don't know if you can tell. It looks like it. >> Oh, I kind of see it. Yeah, >> maybe glow in the dark. >> Maybe, but I think it's really cute. It gives me almost like a spirit jersey vibe. It's only $49.99. Here's the back. This is super cute. >> And it's not a bad price, and it's that nice, you know, like in between a jacket and a thick underneath. >> Uh oh. I love this. so much. >> Got Nikki here at $79.99. >> It has a hood. >> It is nice and lightweight. >> This would fit really well in a backpack >> while you're at the park. >> Love it. >> Love this. Okay, there shorts. >> How much are you? >> $49.99. It's not bad. >> That might be an add to cart. We'll see. I >> do like that a lot. And it's Minnie Mouse. >> Oh, they have shoelaces here with a couple little charms on the shoelaces. >> $14.99. And then we've got a little bag charm here. $16.99 for the bag charm. And then the pin. It's a spinner. Always love spinners. Doesn't have a price. >> But we also have socks. Compression socks. Even better. They have women's and men's and they're $29.99 each. >> Well, here's all the medals. We've got the 5K, Dale and Eyes, 10K, half marathon, Goofy and Dopey. I love ours so much. And then we have a It looks like a Run Disney sign. Can hang it up. $29.99. That's so fun. Well, we found another shirt. This might be the one we need. Running on a hunch. Run Disney. Um, these are $34.99. These are so cute. All right, I got to send this to Dale. We might get this instead of the other one. We'll see. We have Soulmates with Donald and Daisy. That's so cute. With Valentine's Day coming up, >> and then the marathon, no time for dragging your feet. These are all $34.99. And then we've got the the Goofy caught up in a race. And of course the Pluto one that we saw just a little bit ago. These are so cute. >> Well, we did our shopping. Even Sharon did some shopping as well. Um got some shirts. I'll show you what we got. And um I'm going to wait and pick up my bib and my shirt with Dale uh later when he gets off work. So we'll be back here soon. And to you guys it'll be, you know, a couple seconds. So shopping was fun. Well, I'm back home and just wanted to show you what I got at the shop. So, I did pick up the uh 10K, you know, wicking shirt. I thought this was so cute. Chip andale there on the front says cracked it 10K. And then on the back, it's even cuter, which I know I showed you guys in the shop, too. But how cute. Mystery solved. It was Dale. No, I don't. It [laughter] probably was Dale. But he's resting. He's eating the um the mystery, you know, evidence. It looks like he's got a full belly and uh he's got his medal 10K. And then here is the 10K pin that I got. Love this one so much. Always fun. And Dale moves. I bet he moves on the real metal, too. We'll find out after we finish it in a couple days. Well, we're back. I'm back. >> You're back. I'm here. >> I brought Dale this time. And >> And it was longer than uh 3 seconds for Jedi. >> It was. It was. >> Yeah. So, I'm back. >> Yes. >> Dale's here. We're going to go get our bibs. >> Yeah. It's night time now. It's not >> It is. It's dark. >> Bright morning and it's not near as busy >> at all >> as uh apparently Jenna was saying. >> Yeah. Got into the parking lot super quick. >> Um >> no issues. >> It is open until 8. We got here about 7:15. So, you know, we have a little bit of time. We're going to get the bib, >> go get our shirts, and then Dale needs to exchange the shirt I got for him. If they'll let us, we'll see. If not, I'll come back tomorrow. No big deal. And I feel like the medium >> the race sizes are also just all over the place. So, >> yeah, they are. >> They are. But it's cool. I was almost not going to get one, but it's Chip and Dale has >> a cool shirt. >> And then, uh, this may be >> his last race. >> The last race for a while. >> Yeah. >> It's like, yeah, >> his back. >> It's Yeah, my leg just goes numb because of my back and stuff. And uh they're not cheap and then you have to get up early in the morning. >> All those things >> and all the things like wait why am I doing this? >> They're so fun. I love it. >> It's cool to go through them. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. If you haven't done an experience and now I've done several and >> so fun. >> We've got the Pluto 5K over here. Dale's Dale's >> favorite Chip. Dale and Dale. >> Yep. In all the parks. That's right. Yep. For sure. And this is our race. >> Absolutely. >> Here we go. Marathon weekends. >> So excited. >> D's already running. He's already He's practicing. >> Look, it's empty. There's hardly anybody here. >> This is how it was when I came there one day. >> I know. This is awful. I mean, if you don't need merch or want merch, this is the time to come. >> Yeah. Come in the evening. >> All right. So, we've got >> We're not doing the Dopey challenge. >> No, we are sure not. >> Oh, Disney. >> There's five. >> Well, where'd you go this morning? >> I didn't come here. >> Oh, you didn't? >> Oh, you haven't got your >> No, I wait on your >> Oh, you just went for the merch. >> Yeah. >> Shocker. >> We got our bibs. >> We did. >> Dale >> doing the Chip and Dale race. >> Chip and Dale. >> And I think we might be the last girl. W. >> This is not good. >> We have Dopey over here. And Pluto was over here. He's gone now. This is so cool. The castle. Love it. >> Back out to the middle and over to this building now for our shirts and to check out the expo. >> Maybe get some pictures. >> Here we go. Marathon weekend. >> Oh, that's fine. >> Expo. >> I assume we're walking. We're not going very fast with this one. >> All right. It's not as busy as it normally is. So, it's pretty cool. I'm We're going to get a picture with our 6.2 over there. >> So, here is our race. >> That's cool. >> This is where we'll be running. That is cool. >> Going out on the road >> behind. >> Behind. Is that test track? Yeah. >> Yep. Test track all the way around. Yep. Finish. >> I like that. >> Oh, actually that's the finish is different, too. Like you go around up front instead of like this way. >> You're right. And here's our metal. >> Awesome. >> So excited. >> That's awesome. >> Is the map of what you'll be running if you do this full marathon. >> I love it. That's so cool. We have some shoes. We have socks. We have hats. There's a ton of energy stuff. Some cleaning stuff. We got some KT tape here. We have some >> [music] >> uh pets table stuff over here apparently. >> Then you come over here to uh grab our t-shirts. Our free our free t-shirts. >> Yes. Well, included. >> Yeah. Or the stuff that's already paid for. Well, we're going to give it a go. See if we can get into the merch building. >> It looks like they don't have anybody checking virtual cues now. It's 15 minutes till closed >> and it's not that busy. >> And we had one earlier. So, >> yeah. >> And it's not busy. So, uh, >> change a shirt. >> Inwards we go. >> Yeah. >> Jenna may have shown some of this stuff in the morning. Little picture ops there. Bark barkoo. >> Show me the way. >> I will. But look how cute. >> Barkoo. >> That's so cute. >> Oh, and America's favorite. >> Private eyes. >> Private eyes. >> I got to get a picture of that, too. >> Okay, so Jenna said there's some cool Chip and Dale shoes here. See what my >> needs them. They're a little pricey, though. >> My reaction is Oh, they're Brooks. Oh, those are pretty pretty cool. You want to see them? Okay. Which I think Jenna showed them to you. >> Yeah, >> those are cool. >> So, Dale on one side and Chip on the other. And Dale's probably on the back of that one. >> Yes, I am. >> Chips on this side. >> Aren't they fun? >> Those are cool. >> You get those and I'll get these. >> Which one are those? Oh, the stitchy. >> Aren't those fun? I love the color. >> Yeah, those are cool. I like that color much better than the chip and nail. Chip andale, >> but it matches. Oh, I do like the Mickey ones. Actually, I think I've seen somebody wearing these before. >> I really like the blues, too. They're They're all really nice. >> They are cool. >> Well, it is uh not busy at all. [music] I can only assume what it looked like this morning. This is crazy compared to earlier. We literally walked in. I didn't have to wait an hour. And you can shop still. Here is where the Dopey line was earlier [music] and it was crazy crazy busy. But look, it looks like they sold a ton of stuff. So, if you wanted that, probably [music] should have been here early for sure. >> They uh said, "And now the expo is closed and turned off the music." That is legit it. >> That's it. >> That's it, folks. >> And now we don't have copyright issues. >> And now they're like, "Get out." >> Exactly. >> All right. Well, we got Dale's shirt exchanged. We got our bags. Everything's ready. >> Check, check, check. Now we just have to Yeah. Mic check. Now we just have to be ready for the race on Friday. Yeah, we do. >> Can't wait. >> One more sleep. Two more sleeps. Just kidding. >> Oh, yeah. Two more sleeps. I need all the sleeps. >> Yeah, we need all the sleeps. Uh cuz that's going to be an early morning. But hope you guys enjoyed checking out all the merch and the expo with us today. And stay tuned for the 10K vlog coming up soon. >> Right after this one. >> All right. >> Sometime after this one. >> Yeah, sometime. >> Nobody knows when after this one. >> When I can get it edited. [laughter] >> Check out our awesome sponsors and uh yeah, see you soon. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Bye-bye. >> Go check out our sponsors, mikblog.com and mickeytras.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning advice. Mickeyas.com to book your next trip to Disney. Also, resorthomes.com. If you're wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resorttv1homes.com. Brokered by EXP Realy. go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realator for you in the area that you're looking. And our last sponsor, David's Vacation Club Rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. If you're wanting to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out again at dbcrequest.com/tv. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
