---
video_id: hPZ9QlGgXg4
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Friday Night Live at the Epcot Resorts - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 2-27-26"
published: 2026-02-27
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPZ9QlGgXg4
---
Well, hey everybody. It's Josh >> and Jenna >> with Resort TV1 and we're live here at Wait, this isn't the Epcot resorts. >> No. Where are we? >> Did we get lost? >> I think we took a wrong right turn. >> We took a wrong turn by the dinosaur. >> Yeah, >> this is the Gertie. Do you know how to get to the Epcot resorts? Oh, the speaker is really loud. >> Super loud, but we're under an umbrella. So, the truth is we actually ate dinner here because it's easier to park here when you're going to Epcot Resorts. >> Um, and then it started raining really hard. So, here we are. >> Stuffed and covered. >> Yeah. So, we we're getting we're getting uh ready. >> Started to pour. >> So, welcome in, guys. Let me get my umbrella up here. Watch yourself. Okay, there we go. So, we are headed now to the Epcot Resorts. >> All right. >> But anyway, uh it is going to be a rainy evening here tonight. Uh, so we came prepared, but we uh we just uh have to kind of deal with whatever the the weather brings, but we wanted to bring you some Epcot. I know Epcot a little bit. Epcot looks funny. I know. >> And with the boat over there, the Epcot Resort got off a big boat. >> They dropped us in Hollywood Studios. It was the weirdest thing. They said, "Congrats to Jenna on your run." >> Thank you. It was fun. I have my medal. I'll show it to you guys later. had it on, but since it's raining, I put it away. Um, but yeah, it was a lot of fun. And I took a tiny nap, so there might be some words are hard tonight. >> Words are hard. >> Oh my goodness. >> Supposed to stop, but it decided to keep going. >> Oh, it's going to keep going. Look, you saw the radar, right? >> Yep. >> Yeah. So, it's going to But that's why we're going to be at the resort. That'll be great. >> Yeah. Wrong turn at Albuquerque. That's right. Uh, we just ate at the uh back lot. Sure did. So, either way, we're glad to be in resorts tonight because we can kind of stay inside and stay a little bit dry. And I'm planning to uh planning to uh be live tomorrow morning. We'll see at Magic where I might also have to need an umbrella and a poncho maybe. So, we'll see how that goes. But that's the plan. So, anyway, >> head on out. Yeah, we're going to head out >> or, you know, make like a tree and >> get out of here. >> Get out of here. >> Yeah. >> Hey, how's it going? Uh, Zelda and Sam's mom, Daryl, Victoria, Andy, Christopher, Amy, Smooth Joy State. Yep, that was Gertie. That was Gertie's cameo in the stream tonight. She had to say hi. >> Oh, Amy, I hope you feel better. Hey, Kevin. Sorry for sending the rain. No, it's okay, Christopher. It was an inevitability. The fronts are going to hit you guys first there up in northern Florida and then us later. But we have the theater there. Neil Sedaka passed away. I did not know that. So happy the chat's working. Yeah, the chat is fine. It just apparently had a little outage on Wednesday. Well, last Tuesday when you guys were gone, we were doing Marty GR Steph and Liam and I. All of YouTube just wasn't working. People Hi, how are you? >> Say a Good to see you guys. >> Yeah. So, um, YouTube just totally stopped working. Um, so if people were already watching, they were fine, but they couldn't load any channels. They couldn't get it. Some TVs weren't working. >> What's going on? >> Like it dropped down to like 900 people watching cuz nobody could find it. >> That's crazy. >> They did it as a Yeah. And then on Thursday, people couldn't. >> Yeah. Apparently, it was only I heard it was only in English that it was a problem. So some so um Lawrence with the you know Disney streamer network he said he sent out people were going live later that night and he said uh you you have um you have a half an hour to learn a new language >> thank you try skyline or both >> I'm try I'm try >> I'm good I'm good for either one >> let's try Wait, >> you got to go. Yeah. >> Well, you got to go to Caribbean Beach and then go around. So, either way, it's fine. >> Skylliner is going to be fine either way. Is it still running? That's the question. Well, we'll go out here and check. >> Yeah, >> at least YouTube isn't translating languages. Yeah, Amazon's acting up, too. That's just cuz somebody messed up the DNS. It's always the DNS. That's what the check people told me. >> DNS. It's a the thing that turns words into numbers. When you type in google.com, it sends you to the 34.64.78, the the actual address of Google. >> That that's what the that and so when somebody breaks that, then then the internet says, "Yeah, that's you say, I want Google." And they're like, "That's nice." >> I don't know where that is anymore. Good deal. >> Yeah. So that's when they break that stuff, it like takes a long time to fix it. I don't see a boat in the sight, >> but I don't think it was that with YouTube. With YouTube, somebody actually just broke something on this on the system. >> It's when multiple What's that? >> I clicked the wrong button. >> Yeah, it's when multiple websites go out. It's usually that DNS thing or an update was bad or something. >> Not working. >> It sure isn't. either stop or not. Are they letting people up? >> Uh yeah, they're going up the ramp. >> All right, fine. >> Just stop right now. So, you want a chance? >> Let's see. Let's see what happens. Let's just let's let's slowly walk >> towards it and see if it starts moving again. >> So, welcome in everybody. Happy Friday. >> Night life. >> Yeah, that's right. I hope that you're drier than we are. >> I know. I hope you're home warm on the couch. Looks like Manchester, UK weather. Yeah, for sure. >> Yeah, there is quite a storm coming. >> That way. >> I know. I know. Let's go that way. We're going to have a live stream over there. >> Right there. Not here. >> Oh, it's moving. Yeah, it's moving now. >> Okay. I just hopefully we won't get stuck at Caribbean Beach. We're going to have a whole another kind of stream. >> That'll be a bus roulette stream. >> Where are we going now? >> That's not Epcot. I know. We're not there yet. We're getting there. We're also not like going actually to Epcot. We're going to the Epcot resorts. >> So, but that's okay. >> Yeah, we could we could ride the friendship boats around a little bit. >> Change sometimes. You never know. >> You never know. Um, >> are we going to try this or you want to do the boat? I mean, we're here. >> Well, we're here. We'll do this. We'll do a boat to something else >> or or Yeah, it's fine. We're already over here. Oh, oh, it stopped again. You know what? >> Yeah, let's do the boat. It's very stoppy. >> Oh, >> okay. >> Yeah, boat's fine. >> That was like twice in like a minute that it stopped. >> Again. >> Yeah. Eh, the boat's fine. Sure. >> It's weird though cuz on that line it's not supposed to need to stop because they they have they have the separate line to load people. >> I mean it can if there's like somebody has problem if somebody has problems getting on. >> Yes. >> There comes a boat right there. >> Oh, perfect. Or somebody like forgot something and runs back in. They have to stop it. >> Yeah. We'll just take the boat. We'll just have to make sure we get inside, which most of the seats are inside, so it's fine. Yes, it is. >> Hey, Ally Rain >> dining at Disney. Jeff Noel. Hey, Tony. Man J >> squirrel. >> Hello, squirrel. Are you in the chat, too? >> He is trying to say hi. >> What is your chat name? >> Oh, there's another one. >> Two squirrels. They're both looking for food. 47 feels like 49 in South Williamsport. It's going to be 30. Well, 40. 47's not too bad >> compared to freezing, I guess. What was it? >> I said 47 is not too bad. We had we we were at um what was it Tuesday morning? It was 32. >> Yeah, 39. >> So I and or 34 where we were at 34 at our house. Uh feels like 28. >> Okay. >> We were pretty cool on t on Tuesday. >> Cold. I got back from you knowarm warm and I was like what has happened to you? >> Yeah it was it was well it was warm in the weekend you know but then it >> had like 90. >> It it yeah basically almost hit 90. It was actually like I got overheated on Saturday a little bit on my stream. >> I heard it was a record high for this time of year. >> Yeah, that was crazy. >> Here. >> So, we're headed to the Epcot resorts and yeah, I know there was no some people left comments they were disappointed about no uh announcement video. That was um Jenna had a really early morning and I had a really late night last night where we were at a school show >> at the expo most of the day yesterday. Got home and had to get ready and get up. I got up at 1:45 this morning. >> Yeah. So, there was just really no time for the >> video. I set up the stream. So, >> you did. >> I got the That was good. Well, it apparently worked. >> Apparently, >> I got the uh we didn't get I didn't get home till after 9:00 and so I wanted to make sure I just got to go to bed last night because we were at a school musical until that point. They were doing Beetlejuice, which I had not ever seen as a musical. >> Oh, wow. I didn't know he did that. >> Yeah. >> Hey, look at that. That worked out. Perfect. >> The cold front was crazy. That cold front was crazy. It was a short couple of cold days. I'm hoping it's done. I think it is currently 90 in SoCal. Yikes. >> Holy moly. That's >> Hey, Evan. Hey, Blair. >> Well, the lines there all go to the Cool musical. No, don't say his name three times. They did. That's so that's that Beetlejuice. That's that's how he uh >> that's how he got to come not to life. Well, that he got to come to where you people could see him. >> He only had an H10 Beetleju one year. >> Oh, really? That's fun. >> It was one. >> Did you like Staten Island? We didn't go to Staten Island. We only went to um the uh Long Island, a different island. >> Hi Paul. >> Hey Corey. Pixie Dust. Hello. Minus 22 in Fairbanks. Yeah. Yikes. Fairbanks is uh >> with a low of 40 - 41. Yeah, Fairbanks is always pretty cold. >> You're headed to my favorite place in all Disney. Beach and Yach Club. Nice. >> Good to see you, Ron. Ron Davis. >> I got to get the baby. >> 31 in Connecticut. Nice. People at Disneyland are roasting. Yeah. >> Hey, Brendan. >> Now I have to watch the OG Bele Beetle Juice. I haven't seen the OG Beetlejuice movie for like >> Oh, well, like since I was young. I'm not even sure this is seen it all the way through. >> It's a fun show. It's it's it's a little silly and weird, but >> they actually did a really cool thing in our in our lobby of one of our buildings. They put a uh >> they put a couch and a set out there and they had um I don't remember the girl's name, but they had like a uh one of the characters where basically they're in the Nether world where they're like dead and so like her like there was a pair of just legs by themselves. >> I was in the the house. >> Okay. So the legs were sitting there and then they had one of the students dress up as that character and she got down into the couch >> so that it looked like, you know, that was just her top half. >> Oh, that's funny. >> And and so I didn't know what they were doing and they were about to go do a little, you know, spot for like social media or promoting the show or whatever or even for the news or something. And it was like I walked out there, I was like, "Hello." And she was like, "Hi." I was the only person out there. >> It was just really funny. I was not expecting to see that. >> But I loved after I figured out what was going on. I loved the creativity. >> Yeah. >> And I suggest >> Okay. Yeah, Chris, have a magical time. >> So, yeah. Sorry, we're not going to sit outside. I mean, I guess you could. It is covered. I didn't realize it was covered, but >> Hello, everybody. Hello, MonoJ. Hi, Ally. Hi, Jose. Noel is here. Hello. Hello. So, >> oh, I should have I've got the full version of the app. doesn't have the focus. So, it's gonna focus on the raindrops. >> Yep, it's focusing. >> Uh, you turn it off. >> Turn off. >> I thought you could turn. >> No, I can't do it unless it's on. >> Hi, Mega Byron. Hey, cardboard box. Hey, G. resort budgeting. Hello, uh, Apple Dude, no vlogs this weekend. I've been quite busy with uh, the run 5K. Hi, Tony. Hello, Karen. Diana Disney. Hi. This is Shrew Amy. Joshua, hi. I'm just glad it didn't rain this morning. I was a little worried it would. Oh, that sounds fun. Artist studio. >> The run looked fun this morning. Thank you, Tony. I posted some stories on Instagram, Resort TV1, if you guys haven't already seen it. Go check it out. >> Oo, that's awesome, Mary. >> We're at Hollywood right now, but we're on a boat heading over to the resorts. Hello, Surf. Thank you, Nia. >> We um so we didn't wear Duffy t-shirts. It did kind of look I mean we had like bear stuff on but no um we were the bears for um >> Merida. Merida's brothers >> from Brave. Yeah. Well, not brother Bear, but Merida's brothers bear brothers and bears. >> We did have fun. Yes. Thanks, Mono J. Hello. Hey, Corey. That's a pilot. Hi, Sean. Us. So, no, we're not going to go to Animal Kingdom. That's not part of the Epcot Resorts. We're heading over to the Epcot Resorts. Don't know which one we'll stop at first. So, stay tuned. Oh, >> we are going to pause. Yeah. So, I'll be right back, guys. We're going to fix the focus. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hello guys. For your safety, please remain if you're standing by and rail for the Gy Brothers on board. We'll be heading to the spawn hotel followed by the yach club in the beach club and then the boardwalk and then our international gateway. Thank you so much for riding with us. We hope you get a little bit deep. Enjoy your ride. >> Thank you so much, Dan. So glad you enjoyed following along on the cruise. posted our first vlog over and if you haven't already checked it out. >> Bye everyone. >> Hi. >> Uh Dave, yeah, we got to do a mail stream here soon for sure. Space Mountain. Space Mountain. >> Space Mountain. >> Hi, Kit. How are you? >> Where do you want to stop first? >> Yeah, wherever it takes us or wherever. We don't want to do that. >> You can't hear us. >> Yep. If you're having some audio issues issues, close out and come right back in or refresh. You know what? Hi Daniel sitting outside. >> Hi Debbie. Thank you so much. I'm so glad you've been enjoying. >> Ah, thank you so much. The 5K was so fun this morning. If you guys have never done a run Disney, highly recommend trying the 5K first. It's been so fun. Josh is going to be doing a 10K. His very first run, Disney. That was my first one, too. I did a 10K before anything else. So, better get ready. >> A little over a month and a half away. >> I would practice. >> I know that sounds silly, but it helps. >> 10K longer than you think. >> Yeah. Yeah, the engine is very loud. The boats are loud. Hey, Maria. >> Hey, Tim. Bye, Tim. >> Hi, Pet. >> Thanks, Catalina. We will. Oh, that's awesome, Mia. Yeah, the votes are awesome. >> Yep, we do need the raid. >> Oh, Melissa, I'm so sorry. It's been a rough week. That's funny. >> Hello, Blair. >> Oh, the feel of the boat is not great. >> Nope. Sure isn't. >> We need to shut the door. >> I know. I wonder why so bad. A Ally, I love that. Thank you. Daniel probably >> Maria, my legs are pretty tired. Not as much as with the 10K, but I have been at the parks most of the day. I took a nap in my car. >> Um, I've got 23,000 steps, 11 and a half miles today. That's more than a 10k. >> It is definitely >> that mothership. Happy Friday. >> Hey Vicki, going to work on that. It's not going all the way to better. There is no track underneath us. So please stay seated and holding on to those handbore. Thank you so much for >> and welcome to the Swan Hotel. We hope you stay dry. >> Hey Ty. >> Hey Disney boy mom. Hey walk off. >> Hey Hersel Margie. commercial >> Josh is going live tomorrow. He said tomorrow morning. >> Yes. >> Around 9 or 10? >> Yes, around 9ish. >> Around 9ish. Have your notification bells on. >> Hey Karen, >> just in my mind isn't like the greatest thing ever. So, this is first one into Dolphin. We're not going to get off here, but the next one. >> Hey, Rick. >> Uh, so Jacqueline, I do live close enough I could have gone home, but my friends are in town or my friend is in town. So, we we hung out and I was going to go home, but Friday traffic is crazy sometimes. So, I just thought >> instead of dressing and going all the way home and all the way back, I um just took a nap in my car. >> Uh tomorrow, I think Josh is going to be a magic. Is that correct? >> Magic Kingdom. >> Seriously, is it your birthday? Happy birthday. >> Hey, Caleb. >> Hey, Jeff. >> Hit the like button. >> Subscribe if you're new, everybody. >> Oh, man. I was I told my girlfriend who said that today was the first time I heard the line watch. >> Oh my goodness, Daniel. We had the best time on the world's largest cruise ship. I was just telling Josh about Back to the Future. the musical that they have on board Star of the Seas. It was amazing. >> It's just a great ship. >> If you guys ever get the chance to go out of the house and live on my own and all these things, I was like nothing like having to realize how how young 16 still is. But obviously share out the stream everybody. >> Hey Sandy Pandy. >> Hi Lorie. >> Hello Amarie. Thank you so much for popping in and popping the like button. Popping in and popping the like button or the other day I called it, >> you know. >> Yeah, it was cool. I We haven't seen it on. >> That's what I was going to say. >> Next week, my favorite festival starts at Epcot. Flowering Garden Festival. I'm so excited. >> I saw today on our Epcot, I saw they had a stitch to >> I know. I realized I was excited. >> Oh, yeah. Epcot. I heard about >> Yeah. Welcome in if you're just joining us. Thanks for being here. We got a PayPal and then Jeff. >> A Jeff, thank you so much. A $50 PayPal. Thanks for another great month of quality streaming. Thank you, Jeff. So kind. I just said hi to you a second ago. So yeah, you're in the chat. Thank you, Jeff. That is very, very sweet. Thanks, Jeff. Hello, Mr. Master. >> Hi, Bryce. Hi Chris. >> I know Ann. I'm so excited. >> So opening day is Wednesday and I will be there. So stay tuned for that. That'll be on Wednesday. >> Wednesday. That's awesome, Daniel. Have fun. >> I need to get back to SeaWorld. I haven't been there in a while. Hi, lovey. >> Thank you. Oh, well, I was going to say both of your little tushes fit with my little Why notes? >> Oh, Dave, I think Josh is going live in the morning around 9:00. So, I don't think he'll be there till 5, unfortunately. >> That's right. I will not be able to see that. Welcome aboard the Friendship 2. For your safety, please remain seated and if you're standing, hold on to those handrails. For the courtesy of others, there is no smoking or vaping allowed while on board. Thank you for riding with us and we'll be at the yach club and the beach club momentarily. After the yacht club and the beach club, we're going to head to the boardwalk and then Epcot or International Gateway. Thank you for joining us and enjoy the ride. Dave um Dave G9.99 just booked a trip through Mickey Travels for October 19th. Hope to see you guys there. Oh, that's awesome. Dave, thank you so much for the super chat and uh for booking through our awesome sponsors, Mickey Travels. Guys, if you want to book a trip right here to Walt Disney World, go check out wiki.com. They will help you book your trip. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself, but they help plan for free with their expert advice. So, book your next trip to Disney with mickeyras.com. Also, go to mickeyblog.com for all of the latest Disney news. >> Thank you, Dave. >> Hello, Christopher. Is that a really good space for our entire indoor patio? So everything We are now approaching the yach club and the beach club. This is a free floating vessel which means we may bump the dock if that is where we're doing since there is a track underneath us. So please remain seated and holding on to those handrails until the captain gets to the clear and go to shore. Thank you so much for riding with us and welcome to the yach club and the beach club. They don't think Disney I just feel like banana here. >> Yep. Let's do it. >> Hi, Minnie. >> Yes, we will be live streaming. or back of the boat >> that goes the boardwalk followed by Epcot. Please watch your stuff. >> Thank you. All right. Sorry about that, guys. It is very loud in there with the engine noise. So, >> yeah, it's not bad. Could be worse. What is that? An airplane. >> Uh, yes. >> Okay. Look what it looks like. >> I'm like, is that a rocket? >> No. No, not over there. >> Supposedly, there was one this morning, but it was so foggy. >> Yes. It was during during our race, but um we forgot because we were so excited for the race getting started. >> Yeah. >> Hi, Kev. >> Yep. Yeah, I didn't see it either. >> Mr. Master, I get that. >> I'm excited for the moon launch. So, that's going to be cool. >> When is that? >> Uh sometime sometime in March, they >> Okay, they're having some issues with it, but you know, it's they haven't done that kind of a thing for a long time. They're not going to land. They're just going to go around it. >> Okay, that's cool. >> Swing shot around the moon. >> Yep. First, literally first time humans have done it since 1972. The first time we've left the Earth orbit. >> That's crazy. >> People go to space now, they go to the the just into orbit or on the space station. >> Okay. >> Go anywhere else. So, this big big deal. >> That's really cool. Can't wait to see it. Hey, Anthony. >> It'll be cool. >> All right. Well, let's go right into the lobby. What do you think? >> Sounds good to me. >> It is an airplane. >> This one or that one? >> Well, this one's right here. So, why don't we do this? Then we can go around to the boardwalk. >> This and that. >> This and that. >> That and this. >> I don't I don't really know. >> Oh, it got pushed back to April. >> Oh, no. >> Well, they got to make sure it's safe. >> At least it's not scrubbed. Yeah, exactly. >> Well, no, they spent way too much money on scrub, but they were having trouble with some of the >> uh seals and some of the way things were. I can't remember the whole thing, but they were >> Hey, Annette. Hey family. The hardest part for a launch like that is how how hard and how fast it has to launch to leave Earth's gravity completely. >> Right. >> Get out. It's enough to get out to the orbit. It still takes a lot. But like all the way into the moon, it takes a lot more power. >> Yeah. Oh, for sure. >> I mean, I've been on mission space. Come on. >> You know, >> I know. >> But that's the part where you astronauts talk about it's like strapping yourself to a bomb basically. >> Yeah. You go so fast. >> Crazy. Crazy. >> So much gas in there. Oh yeah. Uh we got into the 5K wine and dine. Oh, that's so fun. Rick, you're going to love it. The races once you start, you kind of get addicted and you're like, "Okay, I want to do another and I want to do another." >> I haven't done one yet. >> I know. I'm excited. What you think? They just have a lot of energy and it's it just it's fun. It's a lot of fun. >> Well, they must cuz it's very popular. >> Very popular. And the medals are cool and Yeah. And you just feel very accomplished when you're done. I did get a little teareyed when I finished my 10k just cuz I didn't I I never thought I would ever do a 10k. Like I thought, okay, I can do a 5k, but I never thought I could have done >> um two. So, this will be my third coming up. >> So, yeah. >> And I one day I want to keep going. Like I want to try maybe a 10 mileer and then the half will be after that. So, we'll see. >> I got to get ready. >> Yes, you do. He's doing it now. Go, go, go. >> Uh let's see. Shop is this way. >> Yeah. Okay, >> if it lags at all, we'll just switch on Wi-Fi. >> Okay. Oh, hey Nikki Tobin. How are you? >> Happy Friday. >> See if we need it or not. >> Okay, no worries. >> So fun. >> It's the one where he backs the bird off the branch and then he doesn't realize that he's walking on cartoons. Cartoons can walk on the air until they realize that they're on the air. >> Right. Cuz you know you're a cartoon, >> right? Cuz physics doesn't apply unless you see that there's no >> Right. Right. >> Awesome. >> Josh is training live. Yeah. >> I love the new carpet that they put in. >> Yeah. And I'm going to have to I'm probably have to go out and actually run around the neighborhood without Tank because he stops a lot. So I'm going to have to go out where I love walking him but too much. >> Do the run walk, you know. Don't run the whole You can't I can't run the whole thing. I can't walk. Why would I? Yeah. >> Run, walk, run, walk. >> Yeah, that's what I would do. >> And there's also apps. I have this one that's like couch to 5K. >> Oh, >> you could start that. >> Do a 5K first and go from there. >> They got all the 2026 merch up front. Front and center. And we got all the yacht club stuff up front. Hi. Still love these bags. They're so cute. the yach club ears. This a >> Oh, they're magnet. They're magnet um >> coasters. You know the things that you use for the cups? Those things. Ornament. Hi Noel. Hi Kelly and Jim. Focus. Do we need to do something to focus on the >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Now turn the turn. Hit the star. >> Star. Thanks. I'm like, it's not focusing on the thingy. >> That is cool. >> Yeah, I like the shirt, too. It's very classic. Yeah, it is a great hotel. Got your Vineyard Vines yacht club merch. It's really funny cuz Vineyard, not funny, but Vineyard Vines also had Star of the Sea shirts on our ship. They said Vineyard Vines and then Star of the Seas. >> How fun. >> Yeah, >> this is Yeah, this is cool, too. >> I know. I showed it. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> It's a great one. >> Nice to have. >> Roller coasters. Yeah. No, no roller coasters. Speaking of that, you know, Rockin is closing soon, right? >> Yes, I know. I need to go. >> It's like I think it I think it ends or I think it closes Sunday. >> Oh, >> it's like real soon. >> I need I need to go over there Saturday after my magic stream then. >> Yep. >> Oh, look. They have a a yach club specific charm. That's cool. We were going to try to go today and then we just were too tired. >> Yeah. >> Hey, Gina. Flying in early tomorrow morning. You're running the half. Oh, that's awesome. >> Go to be riding because honestly I can't even like >> You can't film it very well. >> I already have as good as I've done it with. Well, maybe I'll do it with this GoPro, too. My GoPro that I have now is a little better. >> Okay. >> Well, I mean, >> the ride tracks are the same. It's just you're not going to get a Smith and the scenery. Yeah, exactly. You have it for you. >> Is it still working? >> Yeah. So far so good. >> Do you like this hoodie? >> It's got the castle. >> You know, I haven't been to Magic since I've been back. I've only been to Well, I've been to all the parks now cuz I was just at Hollywood except for Magic. >> This is a cool pin. >> It is cool. I feel like dad would like something like that. He He used to always love cool pins. >> Yeah. Very castleish. >> Yeah. >> $35. >> Nice. Executive pen. >> Executive. So the executives use it. >> Oh, I was in a museum that had castle. Sorry. >> Um the Orlando >> pretty >> the Orlando uh museum. The Orlando History Center is what it's called >> in Orlando. >> Yeah, >> I'm assuming >> the original Orlando courthouse is in there. >> That's cool. >> And then the courtroom. And then let me see if I can find it. >> I got the picture. There's a whole exhibit of the castle. And you can actually show this because it's got kids in it. >> That's cool. >> So, there's a castle exhibit and it looks like it's about the size that that would be the tourets would be if you stood up close to him. >> Nice. >> And the exhibit's called The Day Orlando Changed Forever. >> Oh, >> like that's a pretty good >> No, that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, it took me a second. I'm a little out of it. >> When did he move out? >> Yes. No, that makes sense. >> Apparently, when he was buying up the land, people were saying, "Oh, you were in you were in Florida. You were in 40." No, no, no. That's that guy that looks by me, man. If I if I see him, I'm going to give him a piece of my mind. That's what he told me. He said, "I'm going to give him a piece of my mind." >> Piece of my mind. >> That's funny. >> Well, it was him. >> Hi. >> Surprise. >> How are you? >> Good. How are you? >> I love the big Mickey rope mirror. I kind of want one. I'm not going to lie. >> You need a rope here? >> I wonder if they have one on one of the Disney cruise ships cuz if not, they need one. >> Yeah, >> that would be perfect. You spot Max the photo prop. >> Oh, yeah. They do these around the resorts. So, they're like, you know, about this size and they hide them around somewhere and then you tell the cast when you find it and they give you a little button. >> Oh, it's fun. Yeah. >> Scaven. >> Yes. >> We just ate and I am not hungry. Nope. >> But they got lots of yummies. >> I did want to try this someday. Little mermaid cookie. Sandwich cookie. >> Cinnamon rolls. >> Cinnamon. Oh, this looks good. Sticky pecan bun. Blueberry muffin. All right. They got Fruity Bears. Organic Fruity Bears. >> Fruity Bears. >> Plant-based colors. >> Oh, no. >> Gluten-free. >> Yeah. We have the allergy section right here in the middle. >> When you can go to the dining area, I want to make sure the cups are the same because I have no more space and would rather bring my own. Oh, >> what do you mean? >> Like the reusable cups. Uh Daryl and Victoria sent a $10 super chat says, "Thank you guys for coming out in the rain tonight. Jenna, you should be at Universal tomorrow and hope to see you on the Marty Gro or you're going to be at Universal tomorrow." Oh, yeah. I'm going to be on the Marty girl float tomorrow. Woo. So, if anybody's at Universal, come watch me on the parade. I'm excited. I'm not going to stream it, of course. Um, I might vlog it. We'll see. >> Yeah. >> You know what would be good for vlogging? That kind of thing. >> Yeah. >> A GoPro. >> You just hook it on to yourself and then you just like go >> turn it on. I like that. Look. >> Darkling. Yeah. Moral bites. >> Chocolatey covered marshmallows. >> Marshmallow feet. >> That's fun. >> Just in case you ever wanted to eat some feet. I I mean, why not? >> No, thank you. I mean, I don't usually like to eat gummy spiders or bugs either. So, >> coconut, passion fruit, milk, chocolate. >> Interesting. Okay. >> Okay, then. >> If you cover gluten with your thumb when you check out, it may end up being just free. Huh. Gluten-free. I get it. So, these are the cups, I think. Is Is this what you're talking about? These refillable ones. >> That's what they have. All right. >> You know, I had just taken a snap out before I actually the house got struck, too. We could have a foot long chili cheese all beef hot dogs. >> Oo, that sounds delicious. >> I got my sh wheel here. >> Oh, that's cool. >> Nice. >> That's how I steer my ship. I don't know how I'm going to do it when it's in here. >> Well, there's also one upstairs by where my office, our office is. >> That is true. I can >> where we edit the videos. It's not right. >> We come here all the time. >> Yeah. >> And edit. >> Make the donuts. >> We edit donuts. >> No, it's just like that's what you say when you you're back back in the 80s. Remember that the time they make the donuts commercial? >> Nope. >> The Dunkin Donuts guy, he would be like they would show how early he had to get up. It would be like the alarm would go off at like 3:00 4 in the morning or something like time to make the donuts. Time to make the donuts. And so that's like a way of just saying like it's time to go do the work. >> Time to Yes. Okay. >> Time to get to work. >> I got you. Are we going up there to see it? Uh, sure. >> Okay. >> Remember the one time we were up there and then somebody somebody um called the phone on the desk? >> Yeah. >> Oh, stairs are not fun. >> You have a call on line three. >> Line three. Oh, why stairs? Why? >> Looks like somebody's in our office, so we can't check that out. But we can check out your ship. >> Uh-huh. It's just so fun and random. Does it actually move? Oh, yep. >> It's for kids. >> Oh, is it? >> Hey, Dad. Dad says hi. >> Big kids, too. Hi, Dad. >> And big kids. >> Don't I'm just capping the and it works. >> It's all good. He'll sanitize. Don't worry. Hi, Britney. >> Is anybody worried about me sanitizing? >> Me. >> So, if I if I went like >> that. >> Yeah. I'm going to be throwing the beans out tomorrow. >> Oh my gosh. Somebody posted on social media, you know, that giant marble in in Tomorrowland. >> Yeah. Hi, mom. Mom says hi, too. >> Hi, mom. >> Here on the ship here. >> Yeah. >> So, somebody posted that giant marble. They were like, I saw this in in Magic Kingdom earlier today. I couldn't believe it. And the guy was just like spinning the marble. >> And people in the comments like, "That's what you're supposed to do with it." >> That that's it. That's what you do. >> And people, of course, had the whole debate about whether it was gross or not, but I'm like, "It's been there since the '90s." They thought he was like doing something wrong. I'm like, "No, that's why they put it there. >> That's what you do. That's what you do." >> It was just really funny. people that like are people that out of touch that they don't know you're supposed to spend that. >> Oh my word. >> You don't have to if the brush is wow. >> It is there for that. >> It is there for that. Yeah. >> Well, it used to be covered in water, too. I mean, not that water is sanitary, but you don't. >> It's kind of still >> the water is in the bottle. If it's sat there for a while, nobody's moved it, it's dry. >> Okay. >> But if you if it's been >> spinning, my knee was like, "No, I'm not bending." >> Yeah. No, no, thank you. But yeah, I just thought that was funny. I was like, "Really?" >> That is funny. I think I saw I know what you're talking about. I was a little confused by it. I was like, "What? What?" >> Well, they're like, "I can't believe I saw this Magic King." I'm like, "He's just playing with the ball." What What are you talking about? >> Just like the globe over here. Same thing, you know? >> Right. The wheel. I can't believe somebody turned the wheel. I didn't turn it hard. I just like played with it a little bit. >> Yep. Hi, Diane. Well, we might as well walk through if it's raining. >> Yeah, that's fine. >> Or maybe it's not. I don't know. >> Well, we'll walk outside to boardwalk. So, >> where the train usually is. >> Oh, yeah. The Christmas train. No. Um, >> steady as she goes. >> That's right. >> Voice the main sale. >> Yeah. >> I don't know. I don't know why. >> Voice the colors. >> I don't know why. Yeah. Do that, too. I don't know why. Just do it. >> Uh-huh. I don't know why either, but something that you do. >> Something you do to identify. >> Help me out. Was this always painted white or did they Is this new? I feel like it was like brown. >> Uh, >> or is it Something looks different. I just don't know what. >> I have to go look at the pasture. >> I know. >> I think this was painted when the compass, the alien compass was put in. >> Okay. >> Yeah. I just It seems brighter to me. >> Anybody in the pool? >> Uh maybe one person. >> It's hard to tell. Two. Oh, maybe a couple. This is the Alen Compass. And then up here is the Yachtsman Steakhouse, which I finally got to eat at, and it was amazing. Oh my goodness. So cute. >> Always. And there's the cruise cup and the yachtsman. >> Yeah, I finally got to go. It was delish. Very delish. >> And it probably depends on the night, but for me it was the best steak I've had here. >> We didn't Okay. Yeah, definitely. >> I had amazing. >> Besides, >> besides club 33 >> out in Disneyland. Yeah. >> Was that one? I think those were almost tied. >> Okay. See, I didn't have steak when we went out to Disneyland's Club 33. Well, whatever I had was good. I don't remember what I had, but it was good. >> I was sad when mine was done. >> I was sad. >> I was actually sad. >> I was like, that's sad. >> I was sad when we had to leave. >> Yeah, of course. >> Welcome in, guys. We almost have 2,000 in the chat. >> Hello, 2,000. >> 638 mops. Go ahead and keep bopping the like button. >> Thumbs up. Close the chat. Do the thumbs up. Only bop it once cuz if you bop it twice it takes it away. Did you like that? >> Yeah. >> Bop it once. If you bop it twice it takes it away. >> It does. It's not It's not damaged. That's true. Accurate. >> Uh-huh. >> Accurate. >> All right. I'm going to hand you guys back over to Josh for a little bit. >> Yes. >> The funnies are starting. >> 1975. >> All right. Let me fix this. Okay. Well, at least we're nice and at least we'll talk about we're >> good. We also have resort tv1homes.com. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, just check out resorttv1homes.com and uh we will help you find your dream home here in Central Florida. We've got um more closings coming up soon. So, uh we've got lots of people moving into our awesome uh community here and we're glad to have you. But definitely if you're wanting to move, use the best. It's Resort T. Hello. Sorry. So, resort t this is the weather right now. Maybe don't move in like right now. No, it's a little bit of rain coming, but no uh resort tv1homes.com and definitely um they're brokered by EXP realy. So, go check out resorttv1homes.com. Click on contact us and one of our expert realtors will get back to you as soon as possible. Again, we're brokered by EXP Realy. They are awesome and our realtors know exactly uh where the best spots are depending on your budget and what you're looking for. It's not one size I'm sorry that was my that was my umbrella hitting the the pole there. Not any one sizefits-all for sure. Do you say what was the best that was the best steak on property for my experience? Yes. That that at least that I've had that at Yachtsman was the best steak on property. Now I never had Shoula, so I don't know. I know Shoulas was good, but it's not there anymore. So >> I I heard the new one's good, too. >> Okay. Well, hopefully it's about the same. Hi. >> This is one of the best on property. >> It's gorgeous. Yeah, they they spent a long time redoing it. Uh, Streamfinder says, "Bring your umbrella." Yes, we did for sure. Pixie Dust Seniors, congrats on 16 months of Resort Opera Silver. We love you guys. Thanks for everything. Thank you, Pixie Dust Seniors. >> Thank you. >> Mom and dad saying hi to everybody. Hi, everybody. I should say hello. Hello everyone. >> Hello there. >> That's why I was telling uh the chat the other day, but I didn't get a chance to show you. I didn't actually save it on my phone. I'll have to get it on there, but I'm not going to post it. But I was playing around with there's a new AI video program that I heard really good things about and I was like, "Let me just try it." I've had this really cool picture of Walt and Lillian dancing and I thought, "Well, wonder what it would animate them and just make them look like they're dancing." Oh, wow. >> So, I just tried it and again, I'm not going to post it cuz it's not real. I don't want people to think it's real. It was just for fun, >> right? >> And so, I said, "Have the man, you know, of course, it doesn't know who they are. Have the man and woman dance like a jazz swing dance style." And that's all I said. And it does sound too. So, it also uh it also put a background of jazz music and had them dancing like ballroom style. >> It was kind of scary actually. >> That is kind of scary. >> And it only took about 5 minutes. >> Scary and cool. >> In 5 minutes, I had a 10-second video of them dancing. >> My computer u heated up the room a little bit. >> I bet >> it was like Anyway, it was it was kind of funny, but the the sound was what I wasn't expecting. I was like, "Oo, it actually like made I said jazz and it made jazz." >> Yeah. All right, guys. So, we have MDF uh 3530. Congrats on 28 months of resort. Habon's making a fish sandwich and fries tonight. Nice. Have fun with that and have a good meal. Enjoy. There's some pretty cool it stuff out there for sure. >> You just became the best channel on YouTube. What are you going to do next? Oh, wow. >> Thanks. >> I don't know. >> Uh we're going to Disney World. Yeah. >> Yeah, that's the answer to that question. You know the answer. That's always the answer. >> Although this year, I think when the Seahawks won, they said Disneyland cuz that's where their parade was. I mean, I'd like to go to Disneyland, too. It's been You put miles over me. >> Yeah, >> it's been since 2022. >> That's a long time. >> I was lucky to go this summer. >> I know. >> Probably shouldn't have gone, but it was one of those like bucket list things to see uh the the anniversary. >> I wish I could have, but I'm glad I was humbled. >> Yeah. Well, no, for sure. >> Hello. Uh Arturo and May Salazar. Hello. Welcome. Uh, Kate May, >> that's it. >> They have some really good food there. >> Yes. >> Uh, let's see. Nightlock on YT. Congrats on 15 months of resource. Josh and Jennifer Friday night. Couldn't be any better. Also, shameless shout out to Resort TV1 Homes. Oh, really? Wait, did you guys use them >> or you're just shouting them out? Anyway, either way, thank you. >> Either way, thank you >> if you used them or if you're just shouting us out. Either way, we appreciate it. Thank you. >> All right. I remember this as a kid. I thought this whole hallway was so cool. >> Yeah. >> And I that everything also in the whole resort, everything was in like one building or a lot of it was in one building. You could go eat and then you could walk down to Beaches and Cream and get ice cream and everything was just right there. And then you could walk to Epcot. >> That's the best part really. >> And when we stayed here, Horizons was a thing. >> Yes. >> And Original Imagination and World Emotion. >> You could walk there from here. Did you watch the Disney parks video on the food? >> No. >> Go to their YouTube channel under Disney parks. >> Which food? >> They had they were talking about the food or sorry flower and garden food and there was a guy playing a guitar in the land singing living with the land. >> Listen to listen to the land. Oh, cool. >> And then he goes, "Next, do you want me to play Horizon or Universe of Energy or >> Oh my gosh, that's kind of like uh >> It was good. >> That's like Star-Lord. >> You have to watch it. It was really good. I I I'll have to check it out. I love that part in Guardians. I was like, I can't wait to back get back to Epcot and Ride Horizons. It's like, okay. All right. Well, whoa, whoa. Too soon. Too soon. Like, forever is too soon for that one. Uh Kayla, let's see. Uh $499. One day, can you do a hotel tour of the Flamingo West hotels there on Disney property in the back entrance? Oh. Uh well, thank you, Kayla, for that 499 super chat. And yes, actually, I should have done one. I'll be honest with you, I was a little um I was not in a great state of mind when I last I actually have stayed there. I was not in a great frame of mind when I did it cuz I was just got had just gotten a uh what $15,000 air or $14,000 air conditioner bill at that point. So, hi. >> How are you? >> How are you? >> Thank you. >> Thank you. We appreciate it. >> Happy Friday. >> Enjoy. Yeah. Um anyway, we we had to stay because our our house was um 83 or 84°. So, we stayed in a hotel because they were going to take him a day or two to get the parts ready for the air conditioner switch cuz we need >> So, and it was in the it was in August or something like it was in the hottest like now we could get away with it, but it was in August. So, anyway, we stayed one night in the hotel cuz we just like we stayed we actually slept in the house like it was 80 and we finally said we can't do this anymore. This is really cute. >> Anyway, so I did stay in one of the resorts there. It was like a home too or something down there. It was nice. I should have taken a tour, but I was more just like >> not happy with this. >> Yep. Oh, hold on. >> All right. I'm going to go ahead and um I'm going to go ahead and switch on the uh the Hold on, guys. It's It's stabilizing. I'm going to switch on the Wi-Fi real quick. Give me a second. >> I'll do the BRB because it'll be a it'll be a second to I've got to get it to log on. Until then, we're going to be a potato. Okay. >> Right back. All right. All good. >> All right. >> Yeah. >> This is cool, too. Is that a candle >> or just a different cup? >> I can't tell from camera. >> We will grab one. >> I bet it's a candle. It >> is. >> Very nice. >> What does it smell like? >> Candle. >> Smells like lobby. >> Okay. >> Oh, yeah. Oh, I love that. >> Do you guys smell it? >> I'm sorry. That wasn't very nice. Smells like lobby. >> Put your nose up to the TV. >> Let me know if it works. >> No, it just smells like a TV. >> This is neat. This is very like um it's a girl shirt obviously, but it's very like understated with the the seashells and sand dollar Mickey and stuff. >> Oh, that is fun. >> This is a more of a unisex shirt, I believe. >> I know things sometimes. Smell vision. That's right. Game came over. >> Classy. Manny's dancing school. Cha cha chaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa charming or chaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa charming. I do too many chaas. Mad. >> He's always mad. >> Why you mad? >> Don't be mad. >> You can smell it. Yeah, you can smell the TV probably. >> Toys. >> What is the name of the song on the BRB screen? That is um the Space Mountain third. It's weird. It's a third Q song. >> So, there's three songs when you go in the queue. There's one with the trumpet. Then there's one that's just like I don't know kind of like underliner music. And then the last one is the one that um kind of is this ambient music. It's just kind exactly like that. And it's like synthesizer music. Anyway, point is that is what it's called. It's actually the third Q song. Has an official name. Look, they have medicine. If you need medicine, they got it. >> Yeah. Need some Pepto. Had a little bad dinner. Go for it. Mucinx, man. That's the best stuff if you really >> This is very handy. >> No, it seriously is because >> even though I'm sure it's like way more expensive, it's better than like trying to get it from like Uber out and all that kind of stuff >> or get it delivered. >> Yeah. From >> there's always Amazon send to a hotel. >> Uh yes, but I don't I think they will do to the front desk, I believe. So, >> I'm sure yes, you can do Amazon to the front desk, but it doesn't always come like right away. So, yeah, if you need it right now, it's good to have that here. Where do we stay the most? Um, Port Orleans Riverside and Key West. Once we got uh once we got the um vacation club, then we stayed at Key West. But before that, we stayed at Port Orleans Riverside because it had more room for uh five people. >> We stayed in the Pop Century sometimes. >> Yes. >> Yeah. Pop Century, too. When we would have two rooms. Hey, how's it going? Proud Patriot. >> Were you a big fan of the Horizon's ride? Yes. It's the biggest. >> I've often said if I had like, you know, multiple billions of dollars or even one billion, I would probably just like pay Disney to let me rebuild that ride. >> Do you think it would be 1 million? >> One billion. Bahub. Yeah. Yeah. >> I was going to say I think it might be more than that. >> Oh, no. No. 1 million. You couldn't even build a house anymore. Well, you couldn't even build a like a a big house anymore, >> let alone a ride. >> Yeah. Uh, this isn't where we want to go. >> No, we want to turn. >> Yeah. >> Anyway, >> yes, obviously you can build a house, but you know what I'm saying? Like you can't build a giant house for >> that much anymore. Um, used to be when you were kids, you could. It was like a really big house. >> Um, they're still big. Right. Right. Right. Right. >> Ours ours isn't anywhere near that, though. >> But the uh the point is Yes. I think you could do it for a billion with a be. How are you? >> Good. How are you? >> Hi. >> Good. What's your name? >> Did you do a race? >> Yes. Congratulations. >> Thank you so much. >> My name's Jess. >> Oh, nice to meet you. >> Awesome. >> Hi. >> Hello. >> We're doing the race tomorrow. >> Oh, are you doing the 10? I hope it doesn't get rained out to >> What's that? Randy from >> a Thank you. >> From From where? >> You're practicing for tomorrow, right? >> Where did you come from? >> Pensacola. >> Oh, we came from um Pop Century. >> Oh, okay. Wow. >> Wow. >> Got on the skyline. >> Yeah. >> We like the round resort. You got to go. >> At first I was like, wait, you ran all the way from Pensacola. >> You're ready for >> Yikes. >> That's a multimearathon. >> Well, thanks for watching. Coming all the way over. >> Did you guys want to say hi on the live stream? >> You are right. >> This is >> Hi, Candy. >> That's so cool. So, you're ready for the race? Well, I hope Yeah, I hope they have it. Hopefully, there'll be like enough like of a hole in the in the rain to do it. It was nice this morning. Did you do five as well? >> No, I'm doing it tomorrow and Sunday. So, I'm really really hoping that >> Yeah, tomorrow is not >> one day. I want to do a half, >> but I've only ever done a 10. >> Amazing. >> I bet you run through >> the castle. Yeah. >> Goals. >> Yeah, that's cool. Well, enjoy and good luck to me. >> Thank you for coming all the way over here. Oh my goodness. >> Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Is it still raining out there? >> Darn it. >> One, two, three. Cheese. >> Thank you guys so much. Thank you so much. >> We're so glad you do. >> Thank you. Thanks for coming all the way over. says 1 million in our rubber gives you a middle of the road house in a really nice neighborhood. Well, there you go. That's cool. >> I don't know. It depends on where you live. >> Well, and here it does, too. But it's Yeah, it's just not like it used to be. >> Like Indiana, you could get a really nice house. >> Oh, for sure. For sure. >> I mean, still really nice compared to what I live in. >> Well, what's crazy is like >> Oh, here. Let's go in here. What's crazy is like >> when we when we um >> that the neighbor the neighborhood we grew grew up in remember behind us there was that giant house right that house was uh I won't say the name of the price but that house was slightly less than what we paid for our house just now and it was like three times the size literally three or four times the size >> every >> and back in that time period I couldn't imagine like paying that much for a house and then it's like we just paid you we Back in 2019, we paid more than that. >> Yeah. >> So, yeah. Anyway, >> crazy crazy stuff. >> But, yeah. Anyway, Horizons. Yeah. So, we're going to rebuild it. >> We're going to we're we're going to get all the uh billionaires together and we're going to have everybody donate a little bit and it'll be fine. >> Yeah. So, that's what we're doing. >> Do you guys you guys with me? So, all the billionaires watching, we need to get you guys together and we're going to we're going to work that out. >> Work this out. >> Yeah. Did you see um you followed what we followed Joe Roie on Instagram and it sounds like he might be he hasn't said officially but it sounds like he might be helping animal projects. >> Oh, good. >> I don't know again what it sounded like. I don't think he said officially he is. >> Maybe just an adviser or maybe he's more active. Who knows? >> Where' they come from to find you? They came from Pop Century >> Instagram. >> Oh, cool. Yeah, if you guys couldn't hear, they came all the way over from Pop Century. At first they said Pensacola and I was like wait what? But no. Yeah. Pop censory. Which ship is this? This is the dream. >> I've never been on the older Disney ships before. >> I've been on the Wonder. >> I've only been on Well, not only, but I've been on the Wish and the Treasure, which are the same class. I'd like to go on the older ones. And >> Yeah. >> Which one do you like better? I know it's been forever. Uh, I think they both have their So, the Wonder had the only difference I noticed between that and the Wonder, it had a little bit more like um just it was a little more intimate in some ways. >> Yeah, it's like smaller. >> Much smaller. Yeah. >> It still seemed big to me cuz it was the only ship I'd ever been on. >> I mean, any ship is big. That's a cruise ship. >> Yeah. But when we when we when we docked next to the other the other all the other big boats >> Yeah. >> then uh our boat was way smaller than their boat. >> Okay. I'm >> I had to Okay, >> whatever. You should go upstairs and walk out. >> No thanks. >> I'll probably just go out this front here as long as it's not pouring. Yeah. Beach club. It's a cool place. We like it. It's a neat lobby. This is the entry area. add back the Skyland or the Skyway. Yeah, that would be cool because of course Magic Kingdom Big used to have the Skyway Skyway to Fantasy Land and back and forth to Tomorrowland. So, everybody's waiting for their time to go into Kate May. But the artwork on the check-in desk is really nice. See if I can get a little closer and show you real quick without getting in anybody's business. Okay, here. There's nobody here. This is really cool. Check this out. >> Favorite restaurant at Disney. So hard. Yeah, I it's it'd be hard to like pick because like there's so many different like restaurant like you know what's my favorite quick service? What's my favorite like what's my favorite table service? What's my favorite like once in a you know like once in a blue moon like you know cuz it's really expensive so you're not going to do it that often. Like favorite overall like best meal I've ever had probably again would be the Otsman here. The Yachtsman steakhouse right here at Yachton Beach Club. Uh like literally best meal I've ever had. But favorite. I don't know. I can't do that one very much. >> Yeah, I can't do that one very much obviously cuz it's really expensive, but um trying to think of what else what other restaurants do we like? Um I really enjoy Splitzville. Uh I know that's probably not like popular, but I really like if I just want to go out and you know, get some food and you know, it's it's a mid middle-range price. You can't do it all the time, but it's a mid-range price. Uh I like Splitzville. Oh, I like Blaze Pizza. Uh, I also like the um um Oh, the Beauty and the Beast, the Bells. Is it Bell's Enchanted Table or something? I don't know. I'm I lost the lost the name of the restaurant. That's a really good one. I actually really enjoy eating there just cuz the atmosphere is so good. Um, >> and then just as far as atmosphere and theming, like I really do enjoy uh beer garden is really nice. Uh, theming and atmosphere. One of the best ones though, you know, of course is uh the Mexico restaurant Sanell Inn. Uh, it's just hard to pick just one. Quick service, probably uh Cosmic Ray just because I love Sunny, but there's also a lot of other quick services that are lesser known. I like going to the resort food courts and stuff. Ohana is great. I just don't go that often. Be our guest. Thank you. I don't know why I said Enchanted Rose. I'm thinking Shante. By the way, I have another Disney Destiny vlog that I haven't edited yet, and I just realized it when I found the footage again on my phone and on the other, you know, some of the other uh hard drives that I have. I've already had it copied over, but I just haven't used it yet. So, um I am going to edit that last Destiny vlog. It's got some great stuff on it and it's going to be super long and I'm just going to keep it long. I'm not going to stress about it cuz I know a lot of people will watch it cuz it's it's I think it's interesting. So, uh that'll be coming out whenever I get a chance to edit it all together. I'll just basically I'll just cut out anything that's like a mistake or something or you know if there's like a clip that I had to redo. Other than that, I'll just keep it all in. And if it's two hours, it's two hours. Live streams are long anyway. So, >> was telling about my Destiny vlog. I'm like, if it's two hours, it's two hours. >> Yeah. >> As long as I'm only going to cut like if it's a mistake or if it's an extra take or something. And then the live streams are long anyway. I'm just going to keep it longer. >> I actually enjoy watching longer vlogs. >> Yeah, a lot of people have said that too, >> especially about cruise ships. I don't know. >> One thing I am going to do, and I meant to do it this summer, but is I still have the footage on my on my iPhone that's kind of stave on the cloud and I need to probably offload it, but like uh I'm going to do a full a full I've been talking about this for a long time. I'm going to do a full cut of the Star Cruiser. Oh yeah, >> cuz there's about 30 minutes we cut out of it and so so I want to just have the whole thing in there. You can't even do it anymore. So we might as well just post the whole thing >> minus any like weird camera shaky angle stuff, you know, just like anything that's going to make somebody sick. But like if it's if it's, you know, good footage, then I'll just put it in there. >> Yeah, >> me too. I like the long ones. There we go. Yes, for sure. They're fun. So yeah. So we're glad for you guys that like that. You're fine. I need to get my uh umbrella out. Ella. Ella. Take Can you Do you have a hand to take it? >> It's a little wet. >> That's all right. Umbrella's wet. >> Oh, it doesn't. As long as you don't drop it, I don't care if the thing gets wet. >> There we go. >> You love longer cruise vlogs. That's awesome, Meredith. I often pause them and watch them throughout the day. Awesome. >> There we go. >> My uh cruise vlog I just did was over Well, it was about an hour. I did take it down a little bit. It was an hour and like 8 minutes, so I took a little bit off, but yeah, it's about an hour long. I got tons more cuz when you go on a seven-day cruise, you get a lot of content. >> You didn't take one every day, did you? >> We sure did. >> Oh, man. >> We sure did. >> Well, you didn't post them all. >> Yeah, I'm gonna I just got to get them. >> Not that I would You wouldn't have had enough. It's just I would have been like, "Oh, let me let's take today off." >> We were going to and then we just didn't, you know, but it's also fun to just look back of what we did. >> Sure. Um, but we were able to get a really good deal on this cruise because of credit card points and stuff since we haven't been on a vacation in a while. So, we'll probably be doing another cruise and maybe we'll just enjoy that one. I don't know. We'll depends on what ship we go on. >> Yeah. >> Trying to convince Dale to go on a Disney cruise. They're a little more expensive, but they're amazing. >> So, one of the things you can do, Dale, is, you know, fairly party as far as like not having to need like a lot of things. like, >> you know, pretty chill with just like saving money. >> Yep. >> You can get an interior room and have a much cheaper cruise and don't spend that much time in the room. >> No. And Dale's all for that. It's me that is a little claustrophobic about that. >> So, did did you tour the interior rooms? Cuz when I saw them, I was actually surprised with some of them some of them are actually bigger. >> Okay. >> There's plenty of room in there. It's just you can't see it. >> Hey, you Mickey. >> But you can turn on the TV and they have like a view of like the you can turn on the TV with a view of the outside. Okay. And I some of them like the newer cruise ships, they have a a fake portal in your room that shows what's outside. >> So, this doesn't have that. >> Okay. That was on the Destiny. >> Uh on the Destiny, but but I have if you look at the the videos I took, they gave us a whole >> That's awesome, Heather. >> a whole morning to just go tour the stateaterooms. >> That's cool. >> And there were probably like 30 of them that were open. I mean, cuz the ship wasn't full. >> Awesome. Mega Byron. >> So, anyway, it was the interior ones were really neat and they were much larger than I thought. >> Okay. Yeah. I know. I've never I've never been in an interior room. I've only seen pictures cuz I when we went on the Wish, we did not Well, it was a regular cruise, so we didn't get to go tour. And on the Treasure, we didn't go in an interior room. Did we did more suites? >> Yes. >> Right. >> Yeah, we did. We did just the big sweets. I kind of >> I kind of went around like a crazy person. >> Hi, Disney with Matthew. Imagine >> that. Not you. >> No. >> But that day >> like 3 hours and just got up and went at it. >> Yeah. That day we did the suites. We didn't go in regular because we had a regular balcony room. Yeah. So, we got to show that of course. >> Yeah. >> Which was amazing. >> So, they had all the rooms. I think they had it in the treasure. We just didn't know about it. >> Oh, okay. >> They just had like they were like open all day and you could just like from >> they were open from like 8:00 to 3 or something. Just go in whenever you wanted and there were cast members there to >> got >> answer questions. >> Well, we missed it. >> I don't remember seeing it. >> They were very sim but they're similar. The the only difference is the theming. The room layout is exactly the same on the treasure and the destiny. >> Okay. >> The just the the suites are obviously different style, but like the >> the Hercules suite was the same as the Raja suite as far as the floor plan. >> Oh, okay. Okay. >> And the uh >> so pretty. >> Avengers suite, I think, was what it was. >> Oh, I would love that. I love Avengers so much. >> Is that what it was? It was the Avenger suite and then the See, I remember the Epcot one more just cuz that's what >> that's you. Do you get seasick? Can you feel the ship move? I did get seasick the very first cruise I went on. I didn't take anything. I got very seasick and the waves were it was calm. So, I started taking bonine. I take it a week before I go and then the week or however long I'm on the cruise and it helps. And we had some rough waters where one where we didn't even get to go to port in one of the areas. So, also the cruise ship I was on was massive. So, it's just not safe docking one of those massive cruise ships when the waters are a little rough. No. Um, >> so you'll see that on the vlog when I get it ready. But >> the first night, I wish I'd taken video. The very first night on the on the Destiny, I told told them about this. There was a cold front coming through. >> Yeah. >> And I think the seas were like 10 ft or something. You could hear it. >> This brand new ship creaking. >> Wow. >> And then you could hear it go up and >> and then come back down. Yes. Were you in the front of the ship or the back or Cuz we were in the back. >> I was right by was right by um the um the food court. I was on 11th deck and I was right by the I was >> I was really just like a very short walk from the That's nice. It was very nice location >> because they say if you do get seasick do not get a room in the front of the ship because you feel the waves more because that's what goes up and down first. >> Middle's the best and then back is better than the front. >> Okay. Yeah, the the back. Okay. I >> We had 50 mph winds night one night. Oh my goodness, Heather. >> I just I think for me I didn't get seasick. I got annoyed if that makes sense. I got more like >> You don't You don't take anything. >> No, I didn't. >> Oh, I I have to. >> I tried. >> Oh, hey, Jesse. >> It was bad. >> She likes the sound of the rain on the umbrella. >> That I was like scared to actually open the door. >> Yeah. No, you don't want to open the door. Yeah. >> Like it was actually rough enough that I was worried that I would like fall. Um because I couldn't when I went to the bathroom at 3:00 in the morning, I actually had to like almost crawl. >> Yeah. >> And I've never been on a ship that was that >> that bad. >> It was more of like a I can't sleep and you can't get away from this right now. more of like >> see that's it's more of an unsettling >> feeling like scare anybody else I was fine and that totally would have like just I would do it again in a heartbeat. >> Yeah, for sure. >> But it was just like momentary discomfort of finally my body was just tired enough I just went to sleep. >> Yeah. Well, and that's whenever it's normal seas it puts you to sleep the waves which is so nice. >> My god, the wave rocking is just like riding in a car but like the >> the big seas it's kind of like >> Yeah, I agree. >> Almost it's almost like rolling back and forth on the bed and I'm like oh and I'm over here. I'm over here now. >> Well, that happened to Dale and I when we went on I probably told this story before, but when we went on our cruise to Bermuda cuz you're out in more open seas. There was one day it was a sea day cuz we left from New York and the port New York and we went to Bermuda and one day was sea day and we woke up, we went out for breakfast and they had seasyncness bags everywhere for people. >> Oh yeah, you were telling us. >> And literally we went up to the the um buffet and everybody was going one way and then everybody was going the other way and Dale and I got a plate of food. We sat down. We looked at each other and we're like, "No." And we we spent the rest of the day in the room until dinner and then finally the seas calmed down. And Dale never gets seasick ever. Like he just doesn't like kind of like Josh. Like he just doesn't. But so that was probably the worst for me. And it was stormy. Like you could hear the wind and the rain hitting the the window and the balcony and stuff. So >> yeah, that's >> the worst is at night cuz you can't see. Like you don't know >> how bad it is out there. But >> they know they know what they're doing, the captains and everything. And >> the Disney the Disney ships know to go around stuff if they can. And yeah, all the ships. >> The ships also, a lot of people don't realize this. The ships as as big as they are, but then as small as they are compared to the massive ocean, right? >> There are also on those ships, they're massive stabilizers. >> And they're not just like your average boat. They actually have these giant when they go out to sea, the way I understand it, underwater, there are these giant stabilizers that go out that try and minimize the rocking as much as possible. >> Oh, 100%. Yeah. >> And make it also not impossible, but nearly impossible for it to like turn. >> What time of year? Yeah. No, exactly. What time of year was my Bermuda cruise? It was in July. Um because I remember Dale used to always get a week off um in July from work back in the day. And uh so yeah, it was around July 4th. Uh Jesse says that means no. That's what makes me a little nervous about going on a cruise. I know Jesse most of the time, especially the ones the ones that go from Port Canaveral to Nassau to Disney's private island, they're usually pretty easygoing >> cruises. The only reason mine was bad was cuz a cold front was coming through. >> Yeah. And I think if you go in the middle of summer, >> you know, there's not going to be any cold front. >> There's And there's no hurricanes in the middle of summer either. >> The storms are not as bad. Like you know in the summer we get storms on land but out in the water they're not as bad. >> They're not as bad. >> There's no actual hurricane. >> My legs were like we're going this way. No we're not. We're going this way. >> Hey how are you? >> Hello. How are you? >> Yeah we are. Yeah. No you're all good. No worries. >> Cake bake. >> Cake bake. I actually went there finally for the first time >> with some of my friends. It was good. I didn't I had a I didn't order the cake cuz it was >> $28 piece of cake. >> I just couldn't bring myself to pay $22 for cake. You can share it with several people. >> You can. And I tried some of Sharon's and it was delicious. Um, but I just got the kiche and the kiche was really good. So, good food, good atmosphere. It's kind of like a fun little, you know, do it once kind of thing when you're on vacation, but it was fun. >> All right, Josh, I'm going to hand this to you cuz my arms are are dying. >> Dying >> dying arms. >> Dying arms. There we go. >> But Jesse, you need to go on a cruise. We need to do a girls cruise. Well, what I was going to say is one of the things you'll realize is those of us who have our, you know, stories of how the cruise was rough, we go back and so it wasn't so it wasn't worth like that part of it. >> Just going to show you guys this. >> Oh, I love that. How long ago was that? >> Uh, last year. >> Okay, nice. >> Is that at uh Epcot? >> Uh, yes it was. >> Oh, okay. Very cool. >> Very cool. >> Must have been chilly. >> Chilly. We had our coats on. How >> nice to see you guys again. ESPN. Yeah, ESPN was cool when it was here. I I did like ESPN. That was a actually a fun place to eat. >> Yeah, they had some good food. >> But anyway, so it is worth it. You should go on the cruise. >> Disney I haven't been on the other ones, so I'm kind of spoiled. But from what we talked, you you've done some, but >> but also that um is it Disney Adults? Is that the name of the the couple or No, there was somebody else that would like cruise ship people that we sat with. >> Uh eat Sleep Cruise. >> Eat Sleep Cruise. Yeah. Yeah, we slept with it. Yeah. >> Sat with them. sat with them at lunch. So, um they um they were talking about um how like they've been on everything >> and they were talking about how Disney is like literally the best. >> Oh, it's amazing. I mean, you get you get Disney service >> and and it's even better than, you know, when you're at parks help you and make your trip better and like I don't know. It's just amazing. >> The service Yeah. The service in the parks is good. The service on the cruise is stellar. Yes. >> And it's that's not a knock on anybody in the parks. It's just that much better on the cruise. >> Exactly. >> Like you >> and the one I just went on was great, too. It's just it's not that Disney level, if that makes sense. >> Yeah. It's I'm sure it's very nice. >> Yeah. >> But >> I'm also a huge Disney fan. So, there you go. >> Yeah. >> We're going to do the golf cruise for you guys. Nice. >> Oh, cool. So, we are here at the boardwalk. >> Boardwalk. So, they're not doing any entertainment tonight, which >> No. No. Especially not with the the boardwalk being so wet. >> Well, and that's the thing. During their 10K tomorrow, you run on the boardwalk for part of your 10K. >> Oh, that's not going to be floor. That's not going to be safe at I mean, it's I can just feel it right now. >> That's running on wet wood is not a good idea. >> Way around this. >> Yikes. Well, they're not going to allow that. >> No. >> What are they going to do? stand here and have people along the way telling people not to run. >> No. Well, they're they're going to cancel it if it's not safe. >> Oh, okay. >> So, they have a thing out right now that they'll say they're going to tell everybody I think at 8:00 p.m. if they cancel it or not. >> Oh, I think it's probably going to be so they'll have to refund it. >> So sad. >> Is that what they do? >> They I actually don't know. I've never seen them cancel a race. >> Does anybody know what they do? I mean, obviously >> shorten a race before, but >> obviously the races aren't cheap, so they wouldn't just say, "Oh, cancel it." And just >> already fell. Oh my. >> Oh no. Uh, >> this way. This way. I just have to go around. >> Oh my. >> Oh, no. >> Poor guy. >> I saw him one of the other places. He was going around here. >> Oh, really? He must have slipped on his way in the door. >> Oh, you're good. Take your time. Take your time. It probably >> Oh, you're good. >> He probably fell. >> The a person that fell. He must have been there for a while cuz they had everybody was all the security and and medical were around him. So, checking him out. Did you >> see the new postcard? >> No. That's super cool. It is very retro. I'm glad they got postcards back. >> Yeah. >> Do you know what else I got the other day at Animal Kingdom and I was so excited about? Do you remember the giant pen pencils? >> Yes, they have those. >> They have them back. >> They had them on Polly, too. I saw them the other night and but they have pencil sharpeners with you. Remember how you couldn't sharpen them? Yes. >> Or you had to ask dad to do it with a knife >> that can you sharpen my pencil with your knife? >> I know. >> Because none of the regular pencil sharpeners, they were too big. They wouldn't fit. Well, also we take them to school and the teachers feel like we got away and get out of real. >> Uhhuh. Yeah. No. Well, teachers were very very strict back then. Kids have no idea. >> I was talking to a kid about that today. >> No, because you're like so you felt so cool wearing it. >> Yeah. >> This is cute. Tinker Bell. >> A new spirit jersey. >> Cute. >> Cool. >> Okay. So, it's it's super plain, but it's got Tinker Bell on the back. I like that. Leaving out of Galveston on Sunday on a Disney cruise. Nice. Yes, it is a very pretty rainy night. Disney is the only place where rain isn't depressing. I mean know I think that could be true. >> That could be true. Lightsaber keychain. Does that work? Can you push the button? >> Yeah, they work. >> Yeah. >> Um I think you have to take out the tab. >> Okay. Well, yeah, we don't want to break it, but yeah. >> This is the only one I can afford. >> It's the only lightsaber you can afford. >> I still digging the members only jackets over here. >> I know. I love those. >> This is a Yeah, it is a fun postcard. >> $99.99. This is worth $100 versus the Spirit jersey being worth $79.99. >> This one's also very like it's pretty good padding on it. Yeah, it's not something that's like just thin. >> No, it's a very nice >> rain alleviates the lines. Yeah, for sure. I actually am curious. I'm going to look at the wait times in the parks. >> Friday nights at home are so much better with you guys. Here I am sitting on the couch with my favorite beverage, but I'm also walking on the boardwalk in the rain. Of course you are. >> That's right. How was using Gemini to learn about different countries and what the days like for a kid in school in different countries? Oh, that's cool. You were asking me how it was, but I think you're the one that maybe did that. So, that's cool, though. >> It's very fun. Well, um, >> yeah, I've used both Gemini and Chat GPT, and I feel like even though I have a Google Plus membership, so I have Gemini with it. Feel like chat has better answers. Chat GPT has better answers to stuff. >> Nice. >> Even though it's wrong, too. Sometimes >> I haven't really used a lot of them. >> Well, I've been using it more just for like getting answers to stuff quickly. It does seem to be pretty good. >> It is, but yeah, I have no idea. So much >> Google search is getting worse and worse and so Google's kind of putting themselves out of a thing there. It's like actually sometimes you get a more nuanced answer to your question. >> Yeah. >> Nice. >> Guardians of 75 minute wait. Hey Bill >> guy. Yeah, >> I'm glad you guys like shopping with us. Sorry, I'm yawning. You can see how rainy it is out there. >> Hi. How are you? >> Hello guys. I'm good. How are you guys doing? >> Good. We're back. >> I see. Well, welcome back. >> Hey. >> It's been a while. >> Hello. >> Did you go to the actual? >> Yeah, I I did the 5K today. I don't know why. I don't know how I'm still awake, but I am. >> Nice. Congrats. >> Thank you. It was fun. >> We did it. >> You did it. >> Thank you. >> So, what are you guys up to today besides running the marathon? >> Trying to >> trying to stay out of the rain. >> Yeah, it's a good way to stay out of the rain. Just be in the hotels >> out there right now. >> It's not It's just light rain right now. >> Bad drizzle where you need an umbrella or you don't. >> It looks like it's coming pretty heavy pretty soon though. So, that's why we're ready. We got our umbrellas. >> Not in like an hour. >> Well, get your umbrella ready and >> Oh, no. My scooter is parked outside. So, poncho is ready. Okay. >> Poncho. Got it. >> Perfect. >> You guys excited for Flower and Garden? >> Yeah, for sure. >> Festival. Yeah, >> my that and Food in the Line, but >> I unfortunately missed the Broadway one. >> Oh, shoot. The festival. >> Well, worked. And of course, my schedule's been >> kind of up and down. I've kind of gone through a couple of deaths in the family. >> Oh, no. I'm sorry. Biggest one. Biggest one was my dad in December. >> Oh my. I'm so sorry. >> Sorry. >> It was just >> Yeah. Not expected. >> No. Oh, I'm sorry. >> I was here when it happened. So, >> so sorry. Wow. >> I'm still dealing. So, I haven't even been live actually in a while either and I was going to, but then that happened. >> Yeah. >> So, >> that's hard. Trying to get my life back together. >> I know it's hard. >> I actually went live for the first time last weekend. I was at Universal. >> Okay. >> Joey and AJ. >> Oh, nice. >> Yeah. I wanted to go. I was >> It was really fun. It wasn't that bad of a crowd actually. >> Oh, good. >> It was still, you know, they still drew a crowd, but it wasn't that bad. >> Wasn't as bad as you thought. >> No. And the line was like dead like all day. I was there all day. >> Okay. >> There was like barely anywhere in line. But then once it got closer, that's when I was like, "Okay, good spot." >> Yeah. >> I'm going tomorrow, too, cuz you Paul's supposed to be there. >> Okay, nice. >> I I'm going to be there all day again. >> Cool. >> I don't know how that's going to go, but I have a bad feeling that it's going to be very fast. Well, >> I'll be on a float, so look for me. >> On a float. >> I don't know which one, but I'll be >> float on a float. >> Yay. I'll have to look for you. >> Yeah, I'm excited. >> I've been on a float once before. It was really fun. >> It's so fun. I got it with the AP thing. So, yeah. >> Nice. >> Oh, they want to Okay. Do you want to say hi on the stream? They think they know who you are. >> Oh, boy. Briana takes five. I'm working. >> She's working. She's serious right now. She's cast member boardwalk. We'll let you stay back to work. >> Oh, no. This is part of the >> Well, there you go. >> Either way, I'm making magic cuz I'm working and I'm chatting with guests. >> There you go. >> It's a good time. >> Well, I'll let you guys get that, too. I know you have a lot more to see around here. >> Yeah. Well, it's good talking to you though. >> Always a pleasure to see you guys. I'll I'm sure I'll see you tomorrow probably. And after concerts, I have to plan accordingly. >> Definitely be at Simple Plan. >> That's always a fun one. Oh, always. I got my friend to finally come down. Yes, we're going to go. >> Nice. >> Well, it's great to see you guys. Have fun. Please be careful. It can really be so Yeah, we had somebody somebody just slipped out front. My scooter from work heading to Epcot and it was raining. I literally slid in my scooter on the boardwalk. >> Oh, yeah. You got to be careful. >> Well, if it's slick enough, I guess. >> Oh, yeah, for sure. >> All right. Well, be be safe, too. You >> guys see you. Okay, let's see here. >> We got princess mugs here. >> And the trash can mug. >> I know >> it is princess weekend. >> Whatever. >> Whatever mug >> cup mug Stanley. It's not a Stanley. >> They have trash cans. You can fill candy up. >> I think I have seen that. >> I had to get it. Oh wow. Wait, they already they even have like bottles here. Holy cow. Bottles and formula just in case. >> Oh yeah, >> it actually works. >> Okay, that Oh my gosh. But do that again. >> How fun. >> Put your tiny trash in it or candy. >> Crazy bananas. >> Crazy bananas. That's what I did. I bought crazy bananas and put them in my quality trash can. >> Yeah, you did. >> Yeah, I did. So, it's $14.99 for the trash can and then you have to also buy a half pound of candy. But >> they have a lot of good candies. >> Yeah. >> Can you fit a half pound of candy in there >> or you just put it the rest of it in a bag? >> No, depending on you put it in a bag. >> Oh, >> depending on what you buy. Yes, you can. You can fit it in there just fine. >> Got it. >> Yeah. I always love gummy worms and stuff. This is definitely not the cheapest, you know, way to get them, but you can you can you can obtain some if you'd like it. Okay, got it. >> Oh, yeah. He's got his knee all banged up. Poor guy. Yeah, they got that door blocked off. Young man fell. Looks like And he's okay. He's in a chair now, so that's good. >> It's just I saw his knee was all bandaged up, so he must have scraped himself up. But >> he'll be okay. It's just going to be a a little stiff for a while, I think. Hope he didn't break anything. >> No, it's like we said, it's very, very slick. >> Are we are we going to continue around? >> So, I need to use the restroom. So, I know there's one over here. >> You want to go into the lobby? >> Sure, we could. Yeah, I could use it in there. That' probably be easier. >> I think the one here is going underneath anyway. >> Yeah. Here, I'll Well, we got to We got to stay outside because of the >> Okay. >> Oh, careful. You noticed it earlier, but Yeah. You >> Yep. >> Yeah. >> Then you forgot. >> We're going L guys, isn't this relaxing though to look at the the the reflections >> and there's no like it's usually popping on a random >> if you bring the little trash can outside and the rain grows into a full one. I remember those kind of things. Remember you buy the little like foam animals and they turn into they turn into a real one. Yeah. Just have water. There you go, Blue Scott. You know how it is. the the things that turned into a washcloth or whatever. >> Yeah, >> I do remember those. Yeah. >> Beautiful. Beautiful. So, yeah, it's fine if it's not raining any harder than this. You're not getting too wet, but we can go see the creepy chairs. >> Creepy chairs. >> Okay, I'm just going to curl up on this bench. It's fine. >> I wouldn't because you're going to get really wet. >> It's true. I would probably go inside, but then they'll probably make you leave eventually. >> I'll fall asleep on the creepy chair. >> There you go. Oh, they just leave you there. Then be like, she must really be tired if she wants to sleep on this. Cuz number one, creepy. Number two, probably not that comfortable. >> Probably not. Probably not. >> Can we trade, please? I'll keep the rain and you guys can have our no rain weather. Oh, yeah. Sorry. You have to put the trash the candy on top of the trash can to eat it. Oh, >> I always have to watch these steps. They're kind of weird. >> You have to like pedal up. >> Yeah. >> And they kind of stick out. So, be careful on these steps. Oh, >> got juggling. Hey, did you guys >> do you guys see any uh glowing bullet? You need some glowing bowling pins? He's got some >> Just in case you need a little bowling pin that glows. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> My umbrella down right back up. It was like, "No, we're we're not doing that." >> I'm glad nobody was standing right there. >> I never noticed that giant mirror up there. >> Oh, me neither. >> And there's like a picture. There's a painting on top of it. >> Wow. It really is on the wall. Like way up there, though. >> Yeah, it is. >> And nobody's seeing in that. >> Wow. >> Okay. >> All right. >> I shall return my hand so I don't drop the gimbal. Okay. Got you. We'll be here. We'll be watching. No, I'm just kidding. All right. What ship is this? Oh, it's also the dream. Okay. Nice. Hi, Candace Orlando. Hi, Amy Grant. Hello, Noel. Tiger Tail John is here. Hi, Tony. The chairs are nightmare fuel. Let's go see them. It's like 810. Let's go show all the scaries. That's a creepy chair. Well, I will show you as long as nobody's sitting in them. >> They're over here by the fire. And they are creepy. >> Oh, sorry. Who's here? They are right here. This is the creepy chairs. There's two of them and they're right by the fire. So there you go. Creepy cheers. The fire is nice. Actually feel it a little bit. They're called nanny cheers or something. And they are scary. Hi Disney fanatic. Can't wait to be checking in here in June. Oh, that's awesome. >> Yeah, they're wild, aren't they? >> Super duper fun. I love all the the pictures. >> Exactly. >> With the castles. They're nowhere to be found in New Jersey. That's funny. >> Yeah, it's creepy. All right. Hey, Taylor's World. >> Yeah, let's go. >> Hey, Dad. Hey, Mom. We did the 5K today. I'm very sleepy. Hi, David. You're welcome, Candy. Hi, Jacqueline. This is my first deluxe resort. My husband managed to upgrade us without me knowing, and I somehow didn't notice until we started heading the wrong way from Coronado. Oh, how fun is that? It's a great resort. We stayed here a few times, too, when we were DVC members. one uh one year after Christmas, I got to come here just with mom and dad. Um I think Josh was teaching and my other or my other brother was in like college, I think. I'm not sure. But somehow I was able to go. It was a lot of fun. Hi, John. I didn't really know, Dad. No, I didn't. But it was it was a fun day. I took a tiny little nap in my car. Tiny little nap. Oh my goodness, it's Merida. This was our race today. Merida. Merida 5K. Oh, I should show you my uh my medal. Hi, Linda. Good evening, Josh. And then we've got Oh, we got Winnie the Pooh and we got Rapunzel and Chip. Thank you, Aya. Hi, Pamela. Let's see if I can figure out how I can show you my metal with one hand. Here we go. I'll set it on this table at the boardwalk. Boardwalk. Hang on, guys. Oh, there goes my umbrella. Stay in there. You got this. Okay, here is my metal. I keep I kept it in here so it doesn't get all wet. I had it on earlier. But how pretty is this metal and the parts of it looks like stained glass so you can see through it. It is gorgeous. They spawn from the stars. The Disney medals are just amazing. It was It was a napette. Exactly. It's just a taste of a nap. >> But yeah, our race was Merida. The 10K is um Moana themed and um the half is Tangled themed. So um Rapunzel and then uh the challenge is Beauty and the Beast themed. I've shown him my medal. >> Thanks everybody. >> That work? It sure does. >> You see this thing? >> Can you see in it? >> Yep. >> Cat in the bag. >> It works. Wait. Uh, >> hold on. >> Uh, am >> I in the right spot? >> It'll go up just a little bit. It was working. >> Here, let's zoom there. >> There we go. >> We used to love these when we were kids. You still have to have a penny. >> Yeah. >> Now you can just watch it for free. >> Thanks, Kayla. Thanks, Robert. >> So fun. >> All right, I'm going to stop just in case it's copyrighted for some reason. >> All right. What's the plan, Stan? >> Stan has the plan. I don't know. I might go down to the bakery and get a get a cookie. >> A cookie where we were at just a second ago. >> Yeah, board. Oh, in the bakery. Yes. Yes. Yes. Have >> a bakery. Yes. Yes. Yes. >> So, um >> I mean, worst case, >> did you show the the creepy creepy chairs? >> I sure did. >> And they were like, "Wow, those are definitely what nightmares are made of." >> Somebody said like those are like they actually have a name. They're like nanny chairs. >> Yes. Somebody was saying that in the in the chat. Oh, look. There's Mickey's on this horse. >> Oh, >> couple hidden Mickey Mickey's. >> Hello, Irene. Metal is so pretty. Oh, thank you. Look at Penny Arcade. showed your metal. >> I did. Yeah. >> I like the entryway here with all the lights on it, too. >> I know. It is pretty. >> Why don't we go out there? Let's go out there real quick. Let me do that. >> Okay. >> Yummy treat. >> There's somebody coming. >> Yep. >> Words are hard. It's fine. >> Yes. Ary Helen said it. That's right. Oh, let's turn the light back up. >> There we go. >> Feel like we're coming into a fancy place with all the lights. >> Well, it is. It's very fancy and important. >> It's the boardwalk. >> Boardwalk. >> Just like go that way. >> Yeah, you can. You want to? >> Sure. >> Why not? Except we need umbrellas and go >> and go. Don't fall. >> Yeah. >> Very slipperies. All right, thanks for joining us tonight everybody on the boardwalk. Boardwalk. Is everybody else singing that now too? >> Oh, it's one of my favorite movies. I love that movie. >> Such a good movie. Love it. Love it. love it. If you guys have never seen Meet the Robinsons, the Disney movie, go to Disney Plus if you haven't and go check it out. It's such a great movie. It's about the future. >> That's right. Very good movie. >> It is. >> And it's got a Walt Disney quote at the end of it. It does. Make all >> Yeah. It has a great >> a great uh >> all the feels. >> All the feels. Yes. Exactly. >> It's just about around here. We don't stand still very long. We keep moving forward. We keep looking, trying new things, exploring. I can't remember the exact quote. Basically, we don't stand still. We keep moving forward. >> Exactly. Keep moving forward. >> Uh Jenna, did you see the Ebisu Life store opened in Orlando? I saw something about it. Yeah, it's a new uh Japanese store and they've got, you know, all those blind boxes and different things that I love. >> Cool. >> Um I got to go check it out. I think it's down by the Florida Mall somewhere. Why didn't you bring my besties today? >> You didn't think it was going to rain. Remember I messaged you and said, "Hey, bring an umbrella." >> With regular shoes. >> Good thing I'm here. >> Luckily, it was on my uh the umbrellas. I was prepared. The >> Oh, we are zoomed in. Hang on. >> Umbrellas are on my car. >> We're zoomed in. Sorry, guys. >> Oh, wow. >> Yeah, I keep the umbrellas in my uh car, too. Yes. These small hours. Yes. I love that song so much. Isn't it by Rob Thomas? >> Yeah. >> These small hours. H such a good song. It gets you in the feels. >> That was That was the sad part of the show just now where his >> Yeah. your body his reps science your project so it doesn't ruin >> yeah but it's also a good like a good inspirational song like >> Yeah for sure >> yeah is this where we're going >> uh yes >> okay >> over here on the other side >> enter here >> yeah right there where that's where we're going >> okay >> that's your objective >> Uhhuh. There's our sign right off. Boom. Big drop of water right there. >> Bam. Right on the head. >> Mhm. >> Smells delicious. >> Hi. Oh my goodness, that looks so good. Ham and cheese croissant with tomato soup. Yes, please. I'm going to have to come try that sometime. Almond croissant. Chocolate croissant. >> Ooh, crumb cake. >> Chocolate croissant. >> One of each, please. Chocolate croissant. Yeah. Good thing you didn't want a sugar one. They're gone. Oh, look. There's more. Key lime pie, brownie cheesecake, chocolate dipped cream puff, specialty cupcake, and a canoli. >> That's interesting. A New York afternoon. >> Oh, interesting. >> I assume that's what NY means. >> I would assume. Yes. Uh JC99, thanks guys for braving the rain. Love the Epcot resorts. Thanks for all you do. Thank you, JC. >> Thank you so much for the super chat. We really appreciate it. I do too. My alpha empowerment. Sorry. >> Did you order it? >> No. >> Oh, okay. >> Yeah. Yeah. No worries. >> I I just didn't get something. >> Nah, >> I have a cookie still from lunch. I mean dinner. >> Whatever we had earlier. >> Yes, that one. Oh, is she ready to take her order down here? >> Hi. >> I didn't know if they waited down there or >> Oh, you're all good. >> I'm just going to have a the coconut and and the chocolate chip cookie. >> I will wait outside for you. >> Oh, my mom brought nachos. >> And then, of course, I'm like, "Oh, perfect. I can like grab this and like throw it away." All right, guys. I did something weird to the gimbals. Come on, gimbals. There we go. I think I fixed it. Now I hold that down. I did it. No, I didn't. Nope. All right. Well, it's going to have to deal there. Going to have to deal. Really enjoying the tour. It's been a while since I've been to the boardwalk. Nice job on the 5K. Have a great night. Be careful on the slippery surfaces. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, the rain on the umbrella is a very nice soothing sound, isn't it? I'll let you guys enjoy for a minute. We'll just take in the ambiance. Hi Stacey with an IIE. Isn't it great, William? >> Yeah. Artist studio. It's great, isn't it? >> I broke the gimbal. >> Is that >> I broke the gimbal. >> Double double click. >> I did. >> Oh, the top top button. Just push it. >> Push it one time. Now, now double click. There you go. >> Yay. Hi, Robert. >> Did you have to turn it off and back on? >> Nope. It just I think I hit the trigger and it went wonky. >> Oh, okay. >> So, I double clicked the trigger. >> It shouldn't change the the lock, though. >> Oh, okay. The Disney Sense say, "Congrats on 28 months of Resort Hopper Bronze. 21 days till I'm there for Flower and Garden for the first time. Thanks for the relaxing stream. Oh my goodness, you're going to love it, Disney Sensei. It is my favorite festival. That is so awesome. Thank you for being a member for 28 months. That is so awesome. Thank you. Thank you. >> So, um I'm going to go over here to I'm going to see if I can eat this cuz I can't. >> Let's try. >> Let's see what happens. Yeah, that's fine. I'm not going to sit, but I can at least >> Are they not Are they not good? I mean, other people have been sitting on them. >> Yeah, I think they're they're still kind of wet. >> Okay, >> I'm fine to stand. >> Okay, goes the boat. Boats, plural. >> Boats. Boats. >> You sure that's from? Uh-huh. How I Met Your Mother. >> Yeah. >> Oh, it's such a funny thing. >> Such a great show. >> Except re-watching it because I put it on our old >> fun. I love re-watching old shows. Friends, of course, is my favorite to rewatch. >> Yeah. >> I read somewhere cuz it's like my comfort show and I think it is for a lot of people that it is literally has proven to lower stress. >> And it does in me, that's for sure. >> Oh, yeah. I think I've told this story before, but when I moved out on my own for the very first time, like I had my own apartment um and was working and I would turn that on at night cuz I felt lonely and then I felt like I had friends. >> No, >> I wasn't lonely. >> How did you turn it on then? Did you have a DVDs? >> DVDs? Yeah, I I still own them all. I owned all of them. >> I think we do, too. >> Yeah. >> Hey, Octavia. How are you? >> That's awesome. I'm so glad you convinced your dad to come along. It's amazing. >> Rain, rain, go away. >> So, maybe after this we can >> maybe take a boat just to dolphin if we want. It's up to you. >> Yeah. Or just >> watch fireworks from over there. Or we could >> Oh, that's a good idea. I like that plan. >> The boat might be better just so we don't get completely soaked. >> Yeah, that's true. >> Or we can't walk by. >> Let's see how heavy the rain's coming down by. It's pretty heavy right now. >> Uhhuh. Friends is my comfort show, too. Yay. Friends in Seinfeld. Yeah. >> Actually, you know what would be great? >> Uhhuh. >> Not tonight, but man, if I was just here. >> Yeah. >> My only put the put the get the tripod and then just let it sit there watching the boats go by with the rain on the umbrella. >> That that >> nice ambiance video. >> That video that I have um of uh I filmed it at Caribbean Beach. >> 20 minutes of rain >> and people I mean people search for that to sleep at night. So, I've got I I extended it out to 12 hours. >> Awesome. >> Took a long time. So, I had to cut it really smooth so that it didn't have big gaps in the brain noise. And >> that's awesome. I think >> it's got like 50,000 views or something. >> Nice. >> I mean, I would just sit here >> except for we'd be little little wet butts. >> We'd be little wet butts. >> We get over it. >> Um I don't know when we're going to go back to Hollywood for live streams. I love Hollywood Studios. It's just a hard one to stream cuz >> tonight there wouldn't have been any Fantasmics. >> No, it's also just all the weights are usually really long for the rides. So, it's just hard. >> Um >> they need a few more like easy rides. >> Less less popular. There's not >> a lot of room there for that. So, I get why. Yeah, it's different. But, yeah. >> Let's see. We talked about resort TV and homes. Let's talk about David's Vacation Club rentals while we're here at the boardwalk. If you'd like to treat your family to a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out at dvcrequest.com/tv. Again, dvcre request.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from Davids. Can stay at a hotel just like Boardwalk. >> Yep. >> They have a DVC side and the regular side. >> You can tell very easily this one. >> Yep. at the boardwalk. Boardwalk. >> Ariel says, "We were just talking about how relaxing it is, especially since we aren't getting wet." >> Hollywood Studios does have a lot of Yeah. Thrill more thrill rides for sure. >> No, it's um >> And it doesn't have a ton of rides. Yeah. >> Yeah. You went to Animal Kingdom the other day. We don't usually do that. >> No, I do. Um, and you know, I I do the safari later in the afternoon evening always is less, which is a great ride. And you can go and check out the animal trails and all the things. So, so yeah, it is much more relaxing listening to the rain when you're home cozy. This is true. I'm >> not that wet. >> No, but again, it is just >> Yeah, just a fact. Hi, Lee. Oh, my back is killing me. >> Okay. >> 26,000 steps. TTFN. >> Oh, I am going to sleep good tonight. At least I hope so. >> Yeah, it's not too cold or it would be miserable for sure. >> Hi. >> Hi. We uh >> we had reservations at Trtoria, but we saw usually we leave uh live streams on, >> but they're there right now. We'll go say hi. >> Do you want to say hi on the street? >> Yeah, we can. Can we say hi to our dogs? >> Of course. >> Hi. >> Hi. >> What kind of dog? >> Um Yorkie and York. >> Two little ones. >> So cute. I love >> They're on the couch right now watching mom and dad get in that box. >> I know. >> What are they? Probably not even. >> They're probably asleep. Yeah. >> Rewatch it and be like treats. >> They might go Yeah, their ears just burped up. >> Trigger words. Yeah, treats. Walk. >> We'll definitely go back and we'll we'll rewatch it later. And uh and see how they react. >> Love it. That's cool. >> Anyways, we got a reservation entry for you. So, we're going to go right inside everyone to say hi. >> Stay dry. >> Thank you. Have a good night. >> You, too. >> All right. to open this now. >> Yep. Whenever you're ready. And then I'm going to get a drink before we head out, too. >> Thanks. >> There we go. Don't. Nope. Nope. You're not going to do that. There we go. >> Here comes a boat, I think. Is it coming this way? Cuz if so, we should go catch it. >> I don't know where it's going, but it might even be going to Epcot. I don't know. Oh, you know what? It is going to Epcot. >> It is. >> So, we don't want that one anymore. >> Okay. >> Right. Mhm. Well, actually, I don't know. >> They would need to come in from Epcot. Yeah. For us to take it and go would go over there. >> Did it come in from Epcot or from beach? I >> I don't know. >> Well, let's go over and check. >> Okay. >> All right. I'm going to put my umbrella up cuz it is raining much harder now. >> Go umbrella. If you know what I'm talking about, then you are probably closer to my age. Does Disney Scott want to run in a storm like this? It does when it's not really like when there's no lightning and when the wind isn't bad. Yes, it'll run in the rain. It just won't run if there's lightning or heavy winds. So, right now there actually isn't much wind, so it's probably fine. I can't see it from here, so I can't say for sure, but let me turn the brightness overexposed. Oh, that's better. >> Coming to May. I hope to see you guys. Nice. Have fun. Yeah, we'll probably see you around. >> Yeah, that's fine. >> Already wet. It's >> true. >> Is wetish. >> Inspector Josh. Yes, that's me. That's right. This your Inspector Gadget. Thanks for streaming in the rain. You're troopers. A no worries. That's not too bad. >> Okay. Okay. That's the music if you don't know what I'm doing there. Hey, Ginger. Four more days till we're there. Oh, awesome. We'll see you soon. Look, >> they have windshield wipers on the boat. >> They do indeed. They're working. >> Yeah, they are. >> Oh, I got chilly now because my legs are getting the whole wet. >> Yeah, >> that is a thing. Okay. >> Cup of coffee sounds good. Yeah, it could be. >> Need to show it to my kids at school. We watch '90s cartoons during dismissal. Hey, that's a good idea. Like, we can watch cartoons, but we're going to watch my cartoons. I'm sure the kids are like, "Whatever, we'll watch it." >> They don't care as long as you get to watch. >> Yeah. I got into an invest inspector by way of get smart, which I thought was an educational show based on the name. Oh, yeah. You would think so, right? But yeah. Anyway, Ginger gifted one resort TV1 membership. Thank you, Ginger to Snoopy Girl. Thank you. >> There you can see the rain. >> Not a lot of people out. That's >> birth grade. And they usually sit for that better than something modern. Oh wow. So bluey. Oh >> yeah. Bluey. Everybody will sit for Bluey. Blueie is amazing. I like Bluey. >> I've watched Blueie. >> You should. It's very good. I have. >> You have watched it? >> Yeah. >> Even in the rain, there's beauty in the resort. Oh, for sure. Especially in the rain. It's all the neat reflections and stuff you get. Like if I turn around, there's hard. >> Hardly anybody behind me. >> Well, >> but they also had an >> Thomas the Tank Engine. >> No, maybe it was Bluey then. Bluey definitely has the Australian accent for sure. >> Is there not? No, I think it was like English. >> That would be Thomas the Tank Engine or Peppa Pig. He watch >> He never watched Peppa Pig. >> But is there another show with pig? >> Uh there's a picture. >> I can't remember. >> It was a long time ago. >> Yeah, that's a cool shot. Not that I'm I'm too late, but two boats crossing and Spaceship Earth behind low steam cartoons. Yeah, they are great. Yeah. All right. Robert Warner, congrats on 26 months of Robert Bronze. Hello all hoppers, moppers, and uh ships at sea from Las Vegas, Nevada. It's a beautiful 77°, no rain. Well, there you go. There sleepy time. I know. The Sleepy Time episode. What in the world? The Sleepy Time episode is so beautiful. >> Absolutely. It's a beautiful show. Like, I don't even know. It's like a cartoon, but it's like art. >> Okay. >> It is so Because it gets into it. You're like, "Wait, they're really doing that." Like, they play like uh Hol the Planets. They play Jupiter from Hulse the Planets. Wow. Wow. >> And it's this very big. It's like what? It's very emotional and I don't I don't know. It's it's one of those things that's just like >> it's a Disney show, right? >> It's a it's it's it's made by Australian TV, but it's licensed by Disney, I believe. Yeah. >> Cuz it's on Disney Plus. >> They were just streaming in the rain. Yeah. So, they have a they have an I believe Disney has an exclusive agreement. They'll license Bluey exclusively in the United States. >> Okay. But in Australia, they have their own I can't remember. or it's their own like own TV company or something. >> The Bluey music. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, Disney has exclusive rights to the Bluey character in uh North America or something. I can't remember. You guys You guys will know better than I do or you can you can I don't have to freehand to do a Google search right now, but or chat GPT search. >> Hey, Ticker Tail John. >> No, she won't. >> We're going to we're going to stream it off. >> They turned it off. No, they didn't. She just stopped singing for a second. Uh, let's see. It looks like I'm going to go pick up a San Diego pon poncho padres poncho. Nice. All right. Sleepy time and rainbow. My favorite Disney blue episodes. Yeah, they were so good. I remember watching it with Liam just like half it was like that episode, you know, he had like I don't know it was a sleep it was a lazy Saturday morning or something and I was doing Yeah, I see it. I was doing something and he was watching the show and I was kind of sitting with him and that episode was on and it was like I just started watching it and then I was like, "Oh my gosh." Like I I feel emotional now. I'm watching a cartoon and I feel emotional. What is going on? >> It happens. >> Yeah. >> I mean any animated Disney movie. Really? >> I just wasn't expecting it on a kid show. It was very They went really deep with it and I was like, "Whoa." >> He's Piano. Hello. I've been watching the stream on TV. Thanks for streaming. Josh and Jenna. Yeah. You're very welcome. Thanks for being here. >> All right, so we do or >> walk back to Hollywood and see if they do the projection on Chinese theater. >> Well, I mean, we could do that. >> Do that. >> What's that? >> They said they probably do that. >> Oh, I'm sure they do. >> I'm fine either way, honestly. >> Me, too. >> Australian Broadcasting Corporation. There you Is that like their version of PBS? Probably. >> Probably. >> Or is that more like ABC? Is there ABC? >> Especially as a parent. Man, that episode makes me ball. Yeah, for sure. For sure. I don't remember even the whole premise of it. I just remember the music was really pretty and that it was all emotional. The sign. I don't remember the sign. Beautiful. Yeah, I'm kind of flexible. I mean, I don't mind going into these resorts for sure. We go in >> My friend walked down the aisle to the song from Sleepy Time, and it took me a second to realize that's how I knew it. It's It's uh It's actually Jupiter from Host the Planets. the the the label of it is Jupiter. It's like, you know, Jupiter in in some uh myth mythology is a king of the gods. I think he's like the Zeus of of some >> of Roman, I think, or something. Anyway, >> but it's supposed to be like he's like the the subtitle is bringer of jolly basically or jolliness or something like that. And he's like supposed to be like this big like happy song. So the the there's a lot of like stuff in it, but there's the big like corral that everybody knows and that's like Bluey made it famous because it's such a like it's such an uplifting song. So yeah, like that's the Blue That's the Sleepy Time Blue song, but it's uh Jupiter. There you go. Uh congratulations on 21 months of Robert Silver. Sending love to y'all and the chat. Hoping the weather lets up on y'all tonight. Well, thanks. I don't think it is, but thank you >> very much for your kind thoughts. >> Uh let's see. I think it's PBS, but more along the lines of BBC. Okay. Also ABC. Yeah, ABC Kids. Not the ABC that Disney own. So, there's the boardwalk entrance sign. You can't see it from the other side as well, but um so yeah, I'm kind of >> sign is a long episode at the end of it. Oh, okay. >> I missed it. >> See what they want to do. >> Yeah. What do you guys want to do? We could walk all the way back to Hollywood Studios and do um and and watch one of the projection shows. We got to get there anyway. We're parked there. Uh, or we could do um we could do the uh we could look through the swan and the dolphin and watch the uh watch luminous from from over here. It's up to you. >> Over here. Over here. >> They'll still do luminous. >> They will. They'll do luminous for sure cuz it's not lightning or anything. >> Yeah. Well, we're Yeah, we're not going to make it over for that. >> I just mean they'll do >> they'll do it. Yeah. Yeah. So, >> yeah. I'm happy to do all those things. However, they will not do fantastic. That's too risky. >> Yes. >> The melody was later adapted into the hymn, I vow to thee, my country. Oh, how fun. I didn't even know that. That's very cool. I was going to get a picture. It's a rainy time picture. I know there's a tree in the way, but can't help it. Oh, actually on the bridge might be better. >> Yeah, >> I'll do it. Don't go anywhere, boat. Stay right there, boat. >> I won't. It actually moved into a It actually moved into a better spot anyway. Stay still, boat. Good enough. Uh Amy Michaels just became a member. Thank you, Amy. Appreciate that for becoming a member. 360. Rain or shine, the night feels happy and bright. Josh and Jenna are alive tonight. Oh, that's great. Andre, thank you. The lights really pop in the rain. They do. They do. They do indeed. All right, let's see if anybody said anything. >> A rainy night at Disney night anywhere. Yeah, for sure. the Yeah. Uranus and Saturn movements. I'm not as familiar with those. I don't think he wrote those. Did he? Maybe he did. I'm only familiar with um Mars and Jupiter. Maybe he did write I don't know. Let me look it up. I'm like, wait, is that a thing? Let's ask Let's ask Google now that I have a free hand. And it just kind of died. What are you doing? >> What died? >> My phone just died. There we go. >> This is slick. >> What movements are in holst the planets? Uh, Mars, the bringer of war. Venus, the bringer of peace. Oh, there are Saturn and Uranus. You were right. Mercury the winged messenger. Jupiter the bringer of jollity. I was right about that. Saturn the bringer of old age. Uranus or Uranus the magician. Neptune, the mystic. There you go. The suite is notable for its large orchestration and for ordering the planets by their astrological influence rather than by their physical distance from the sun. Either way, it's a it's a masterpiece if you haven't heard it. Gustaf Holy wrote a piece about every every planet at the time. And actually, it's actually still accurate because Pluto he didn't write one for Pluto and Pluto was later deemed not a planet. >> That's right. >> Pluto. >> Pluto was like, >> you can just see I don't know. Oh, that's interesting. thing. It's like a yacht. >> Yeah. >> Or a little like cover boat. >> It's like a big jungle cruise boat. >> It does. You could just see like Pluto sitting out there going, "Man, >> it's like it's all cold out here and stuff." And you're not even going to call me a planet? >> No. Poor Pluto. >> Good to see you, Stacy. >> Anybody? Nobody really said anything. I think they just want us to pick. >> I will tap dance as I balance the envelope. >> Yeah. >> Where's that from? >> Britney said, "Do you hear about Pluto? That's messed up." Yeah, I know, right? >> Give him a chance. Come on, scientists. No. And if you don't know, I mean, I actually was wondering as I was, you know, as I got old enough to like do a search about it or like, okay, why did that happen? They said that it needs to be a certain size and it also needs to gravitationally affect other like bodies, heavenly bodies around it. >> Why was it a planet at one time? >> I think they just it was so far away they just really they can't really see it that well. So, it's really just that far away. Even with the biggest telescopes, it's pretty hard to see. >> Um, so that's I think part of it. But anyway, which one do you want to go in the other side or this side? I don't care. I'm just here. >> Okay. >> Yeah, that was Jupiter that I was singing. Yes. >> Okay. We can go in here if you want. >> Yeah, sure. Let's go in here. Yeah. So, um that was the uh so like take for an example Earth. Um it it's big enough that it affects all things around it, >> including the moon and any, you know, asteroids and things like that. Like it has it's big enough that has gravity that affects other things. >> Yes. So, >> yep. >> Science. >> I can't remember the whole definition. I think it almost the to be a planet like it has to have a satellite. I think it has to have its own uh and there's another planet that's like almost the same or another little dwarf planet called is it Cirrus? C E R E S that's about the same size as Pluto that they didn't see until u more recent like you know not recently but like after they'd already discovered Pluto. I don't know the whole thing, but basically just it didn't fit the definition anymore. Hearts for Pluto. We're going to make signs justice for Pluto. Oh, all right. >> Hey, Adventure Le. How are you? >> What's that? >> No. Let's go down here by the fountain. So over here where this table is is actually uh during Christmas is a chocolate sculpture >> and they have these cute little like courtyards outside. Gil and I went out with >> Oh yeah. Cool. >> And they have a fountain out here too. >> Yes. >> Very similar. >> John Williams conducted the Boston Pops orchestra to host the planets. It made me feel like I was either in the Millennium Falcon or Luke Skywalker. Yeah. And that was that was the planets was written way before Star Wars was even a thing. So it's pretty cool. There's also one over here. >> Little outdoor area and another fountain over there. >> As far as I'm concerned, Pluto will always be a planet. That's right. >> Well, the orbit is weird. Yeah. >> There we go. I fixed it. You have to Swan and Dolphin have a different Wi-Fi. >> Yes. It's not on my Disney even though it's on Disney property. >> Yeah. Okay. >> So, there's one on the other side, right? >> Yeah. Let's look and see if there's a map. I've actually never I've never been that far in this one because it's just kind of hard to >> I know there's a small little area right here. >> Yeah. >> Oh, thanks. Adventures. Yeah. Pluto won't get any respect until the front aliens frost aliens. Okay. Restaurant reservations. There's a lot of lot of uh a lot of restaurants here. >> Dylan's unhappily ever after fitness center restrooms. Good to see you tonight. Did you know that Swan and Dolphin on top of the hotel are made out of fiberglass? I did not know what they were made out of. Cool. >> So down here, I remember I came down here once the street garden. It's beautiful restaurant. >> Yes, it is. Pop it open. >> Oh, really? There's a giant tree in the middle of it. >> Yeah. >> Why would they not open it? >> I thought maybe some somebody in the chat said it was only >> No shirt. >> Somebody Somebody in the chat No, no shirt. Somebody in the chat said it was only open for breakfast or something. >> Oh, maybe. >> I think that's what it is. >> No shirt. >> No shoes. No shirt. No service. >> There you go, Kelsey. That works. I I thought I read they put the statues in wrong hotels. I don't know about that. >> Oh, here's the uh bakery. >> It is breakfast. Sorry. >> Yeah, it's breakfast. >> There you go. Smoking de's biscuit and gravy. >> Yum. Breakfast. >> Probably just too big to keep open during the day when >> Yeah. >> most people at the parks. over here. I'll show you. >> You can just kind of see it from here. There's a giant tree in there. >> Look at this. So cool. >> So pretty. >> Very pretty. How fun. >> Excuse us. Uh, the variety of topics covered on this channel is what makes the channel so special. Obviously, that along with so many other things. Oh, thank you so much. Yeah, we we try and cover I mean, we've been here before, but we try and cover some things a little different. Oh my goodness. Look at the work on that one. >> Amazing. >> Claire says, "We've had dinner. We've had breakfast there. The food is great." >> Oh, cool. Many do not realize how great this one and dolphins are. Yeah. >> Look how high it is. >> I would not want to transport that. >> Oh yeah, it is leaning a little. >> Kind of makes me nervous. >> Uh-huh. >> Uh-huh. I didn't do it. I'm I'm all the way back here. >> Uh-huh. No touching. >> No touching. That one's nice, too, with the bows on it. It >> is pretty. >> Wow. I mean, just how people can make something like that is just crazy. >> Work of art. This is the swan and dolphin. Great leaders don't set out to be a leader. They set out to make a difference. It's never about the role. It's always about the goal. >> Love it. >> Very great quote. >> Mhm. >> Well, I think people sometimes are better leaders when they're not trying to be a leader. They're or they're they're just doing setting by example. Yeah. doing the right thing when nobody's looking and also just or even when people are looking but when they may not have to lean tower cake. I know it was making me nervous. I was like it's leaning a little bit. I didn't do it. Kimonos there sushi. >> Probably hard to see but you can pause if you want. I'm going to hand it to you for a second. I'm going to drink a little bit more of my Coke. There we go. >> He's a tired one. >> Well, you're probably more tired than I am. I did actually sleep more than you did last night. >> I'm a little delirious. >> So, yeah, to go back to Studio >> Happy to get food to the dolphin and then and then walk back to Studios after that. >> Well, >> let's just do that. >> Okay. >> People say they don't know. They don't seem enough dolphin. We try and come here on our on our costumes, but I think might as well just we can't travel without covering. >> I mean, we're right here. Yeah. And then we'll walk back the chat know if there is a gift shop. >> I wouldn't mind finding if there is. I just don't know where to be. >> Yeah, >> they could be somewhere out here. There's no map. >> Maybe next time. We can find the one in here. I know where that one's at. Hello, William. Um, so I do not have a vlog tomorrow. haven't had time to get it ready, but you can go over to uh oh, Adventures of Jenna and Dale and watch our cruise vlog. We really appreciate that. Um, so yeah, that would be the one. >> Let's see here. I'm looking at Swan Resort, restaurants, and lounges. Walt Disney World Swan gift store in >> I love shopping. >> Letter K. Uh, >> what is >> K? >> K. >> It's up in the front. The gift shop's in the front. >> Oh, and we came in the back. >> Yeah. So, we were right here. We never got all the way. >> Okay. So, I guess >> Yep. So, and then Dolphin has one, too. We know where that is already. >> Yeah. >> Do we need to take off the Wi-Fi or are we good? >> No. I mean, cuz we're going to go on the Dolphin or dual. Yeah. Okay. >> Yeah, it's on dual >> Dolingo. Dolingo. Not as bad as it was. >> Okay. >> Well, a little bit, but yeah. >> Is Jenny there? >> Hey, classy Disney mom. How are you? >> Hey, Vinnie. How are you? Vinnie and Mary Kay. Hello. >> Oh, yeah. Where's the copyright link? >> Oh, yeah. This is Ento, isn't it? >> Uh, maybe. Oh, I just stopped. >> Perfect timing. Oh, don't worry. They got another one. Don't worry, they'll get us. >> We'll get you yet. I'm pretty stringy, too. >> Exactly. They'll get you. They know how to do it. >> They sure do. >> Um, let's see. We chatted about David's. What about dreamtable.com? >> Got to do that one. >> If you guys are wanting to find a really hard to get reservation here at Walt Disney World, go check out dreamtable.co. Um, you can also download it on the app store. Easiest way to find it, go over there and um, put in what restaurant you're looking for on Disney property. Put in all the information, the date, the how many people, that kind of thing. And then they will notify you whenever the reservation becomes available. So, um, they won't make the reservation for you. They will just notify you and then as soon as they do, you get in the app and you make the reservation. So, again, dreamtable.co. Go check them out. My countdown is finally in the double digits. That's awesome. >> Oh my goodness gracious. Gracious gracious. Hi Tracy. Puddles. >> Puddles everywhere. Giant shell fountain. >> Yeah, I'll be shelfish. >> Don't be shelfish. Yeah, let's go under here. >> I watched fireworks from here one time. >> I did, too. They're They're not bad. >> No. >> Hi, Aaron. I know. Isn't that fountain amazing? So good. I remember coming here as a kid and just being like, "Wow. Tim's back. Hi, Tim. How's it going, Tim? >> Okay, here we go. >> It's not wanting to move. >> You got this. Okay, >> we did it. Hooray. Up, up, and away. >> Blue View is the first restaurant on the right. >> Oh, yeah. I've never been there. It looks good. >> Yep. >> This is the uh Dolphin. We were just in the swan. Hi, Daryl. What is this one called? Bourbon. Bourbon. That's the new restaurant that took over where Shoulith was. >> My wife and I come in here when there was like a giant conference going on. >> Oh, so it's always packed. >> Yeah. And I I was saw people in suits talking serious things. Remember Sam Eagle in uh in Christmas Carol? He goes, "You will love business." And I was like, "That's what it reminds me of. I've been talking about business. >> You will love business." My my wife and I purchased the DVC membership of Polly yesterday. Coming October at the beginning of November, our anniversary is on Halloween. Oh, fun. That's awesome. I have never stayed here before. Have you, Josh? >> No. >> Hi, Rosalie. >> One of these days. >> Yeah. >> They used to invite uh YouTubers to stay just to check it out. >> Oh, did they? >> They haven't done that for a while. >> Okay. I love what they did with it, but I do miss the giant tree at Christmas. >> Oh, yeah. >> Used to be a big white poet tree. >> Yes. And then there was a train that went around. >> Yeah, it was really big. >> So pretty. Yeah, you're right. >> But it is nice and open in here. It's a good place to sit and chill. Kind of reminds me of like a a Vegas hotel or cruise ship where you would just hang out in a lounge. >> Yeah. But it's nice. Oh, Tim stayed here one time. New Year's Eve. Actually, this would be a great one to stay at at New Year's Eve. >> Very close. >> Mhm. >> I've heard it's a little bit cheaper sometimes. >> Yeah. Shop. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Cheaper than like the, you know, the one the ones around it. >> Yes. >> That's the candy. I know. >> Looks delish. >> Disney. >> Yeah, this is regular resort stuff. >> And then we'll go we'll go in the Disney one. It's cool that they get to sell the Disney stuff in here. I mean, they can sell it. Why not? It's quiet. Very pretty. Very pretty. Oh, that's cute. Kido jacket. Get you a canvas tote for $29.99 with any purchase of $40. >> No, look at Donald. That's not Donald. That's Mickey dressed like a duck. Yep. >> Or a chick. Maybe it's a chick. >> Mickey dog. >> I like this cup. >> Got very quiet. hats that are >> you do. Okay, so you get all the perks if you're staying at a Disney resort. Nice. >> That's cool. >> Yeah, we have options. >> Have the Disney Sunnies. >> We are at the Dolphin Hotel right now, guys. Dolphin Okay. Just go out to the middle main area and that's pretty good over there. >> We're back. >> Should be. It's usually better in this. It's just back shops can be pretty bad. >> Yeah, I'm surprised it worked in the shop. >> Well, Wi-Fi should, but it's not connecting correctly. The Wi-Fi is not quite up just enough like Disney is. >> Yeah. >> Well, should we start walking that way? Cuz uh we have 30 minutes till the park closes if you want to get into Hollywood. If not, then we don't have to walk fast. >> Uh yeah. I don't I don't know. I'm kind of like trying to figure out what the best way to do it is. >> Yeah, why not? Let's try it. Okay, >> let's try it. That way we're not just standing around here waiting for luminous wrap. >> Yeah, I would fall asleep honestly. >> And then we then we uh both of us >> get you get you get the rest of the world. >> Yep. >> There's R something. >> R something. >> Not R2-D2. >> Yep. >> His brother. >> Shout out to the Swan and Dolphin for having tide pens. Oh, fun. That's awesome. Tide pins are great. Okay, so it's called bourbon steak. >> Yeah, I've heard good things. >> I've never been. >> I wonder why you got shulas like why they would say, "Oh, you know what? That that didn't work here. We're going to have a different steakhouse." >> Well, it was something to do with maybe Shoulas. I don't know. I Yeah, I have no idea. I heard and then I forgot. >> Uh I think I Yeah, I think I somebody told me as well. >> Yeah, Swan and Doll. Uh Swalen has their own food and wine festival. Yeah, I've heard about that. >> Yep, I've actually been around where they did it. >> I want to go to it someday. Looks like fun. They have an ice cream place over here. >> Hey, Adventure Le. How are you guys? They also have a really good Mexican restaurant down there. I don't have enough oomph. >> Watch your back. >> Got it. >> Thanks. >> Yep. >> We made it. >> Okies doies stream the festival. Well, I don't know how interesting it would be because you'd just be watching us eat the whole night. >> So, I mean, it might be a fun vlog. >> They have fireworks, I think, if I remember correctly. >> Kind of fireworks over here. >> Yeah, you're right. I forgot about that. Oh, >> can't tell how much it's >> coming down. >> We're at 30%. >> Okay. >> Is it good? Um, as far as the battery, >> you might want to wait cuz it's wet. >> Yeah, I think we'll just wait. >> Okay. >> I think it'll be okay. >> I think so, too. >> Oh, my foot is really yelling at me. >> How dare you stand on me and walk all day? >> That's what it's saying. >> Yeah. >> The music's not as loud out here. >> What' you say? Awesome. >> Yep. >> We should. >> Thanks for thousand likes, everybody. Squeaky squeaky shoes. >> Oh gosh. >> There it is. >> The face. >> What is it? >> The face. That's what it's called from Star Wars. >> Oh, okay. >> Good job. I did not know what it was. from episode one where they fight they fight Darth Maul. >> Okay. It's been a while. I've seen it one time. >> It's one of the most epic one of the most epic like songs in any movie ever. >> It's very good. I remember that's when I worked at the movie theater. Remember that? >> Yeah. >> And they they hired a ton of people. My very first job just for that cuz they thought they were going to be super busy. And they were and we were. >> Yeah. This is why John Williams is a genius. >> Yep. For some reason, I got stuck in my head that um Oh, yeah. We got to go that way. That um John Williams did Back to the Future, but no, he did not. >> Uh Alan Sylvester. >> Here, you want to put your umbrella up and then I'll hand you this and I'll put mine up. >> Yeah, I had to look it up cuz I thought it was I was wrong. >> It's cool cuz I think the choir is singing Latin and I can't remember what it's saying, but it's basically like about fate. It's about like some kind of a Latin poem about fate or something like good versus evil kind of stuff. >> But it sounds cool because it's in Latin. You know, it's like if it was in English, it wouldn't be near as cool. >> Nice poor trees are gone. >> I know. So many trees >> everywhere. Not just here, but everywhere >> at the port when we went to our ship. >> So many trees on the way down and out by the water. >> So sad. >> Across the stars is indeed excellent. Oh my goodness. That's a very epic. That's the love theme between Anakin and Padme. And it's very it's a very sweeping epic kind of a theme. And then the Rays I think Ray's team is brilliant too from that's one of the best parts about the new trilogy. I know a lot of people don't like the new trilogy and I'm kind of indifferent about it. It's not my favorite. I I'm glad they tried it which I wish some things would have been different but anyway the point is um that Ray's theme it's very cool cuz it's very kind of like he makes it sound empty, lost and lonely. >> Yeah. >> And that's like how she is when they find her. It's like kind of like just living like, you know, this boring life where she just like scavenges her parts all the time. And it really like that theme really like makes it sound that way. It's so cool. John Williams like paints a picture with words, man. >> Yeah. >> Or no, with music. >> Paints a picture with music. >> Hills. >> Race theme. Yes. Yeah. >> Why do it have to be hills? >> Are you going to do it tomorrow stream? Yeah. I'm going to go to Magic Kingdom in the in the morning >> though. The choir singing is Sanskrit. You are right. That's right. It's not Latin. You're right. Sanskrit. But what are they singing? What are like what's the English translation of what they're singing? That's like as close to like hard rock as classical gets. It's like almost like headbanging classical music. You're like, "Yeah, get them." Yeah. John Williams is the goat. Literally. Well, you know the music's right when you you see the scene, you hear the music, and you're like, "Yeah, there's literally no other music that could work there. That's the only music that could work in that place." And I mean, obviously, you could probably, but nobody could ever top that. >> Yeah. >> Uh, I looked up the droid that you saw in the Dolphin. It looks like it's R4 P44. What' you say? >> I said it is good when music fits just right in the movie, which obviously they're perfect like they're intent. >> Yeah. But they do such. But what's cool is the talent of doing that is so rare. Race theme is my favorite. So true. You can feel the emotion. Yeah, you can. I'll have to play it for you. Not on the stream, but yeah, it's very cool. >> I feel like I've heard it. It's just been a while. >> I can't I can't even bring it to mind right now cuz I've got Duel of the Fates stuck in my head now. better. >> So, technically, I thought I I forgot about this. You can go down the sidewalk there in front of the in front of the uh in front of the swan. >> Yeah, >> I forgot. >> And then you >> feel like I have claw foot right now. Like my toes going like that. >> I'm back. Or we're back, guys. You have claw foot. >> That's what it feels like. Like my toes are like scrunching up. >> The song is a poem. Cad Godo, Battle of the Trees. It's interesting. >> Yeah. John Williams is the king of lay motif. I love that you said that. That's a music thing. That's a music word. Lay motif. >> Sounds like a French store. >> It's a German word. >> Oh, it is. Motif. >> Yeah, >> sounds French, >> I believe. Isn't Isn't lay motif German? I don't know. Uh either it might it might might be French. I don't know. Either way, it is um a musical theme representing an object, character, time, or place, like the theme of the force. >> Uh or um Ray's theme we just talked about. Uh John Williams' last theme he wrote actually was for Obi-Wan. He said he regretted that he never wrote a proper theme for Obi-Wan. >> Oh, >> Princess Leia's theme is another one. So, oh, here here's a good shot. But yeah, there's so many great themes, but there's also the theme of the force. There's the theme, you know, Darth Vader's theme. There's so many different things. Um, Vagner wrote a lot of operas, and he was the first one to do that really, or at least they kind of named it. They kind of started the term from his operas, and they he had a theme for Albert for everything like like literally everything. like, "Oh, here's one for the ring." He did the ring, you know, like, "Oh, it's kind of like the before the Lord of the Rings. It was the ring, the Ryan Maiden's ring, the ring of the Nebulong." >> Fun fact, I've never seen Lord of the Rings. >> What? How do you never see Lord of the Rings? >> I've never seen Lord of the Rings. >> I never have. >> I didn't know he did Poseidon Adventure. Hans William and Hansill, I can't talk. Hans Zimmer and John Williams are two of the best in the business. Yes. One of my students did, okay, I don't want to get too far in the weeds, but one of my IB students did a very advanced paper about the music from Inception by Han Zimmer. Have you ever seen Inception? >> Sounds familiar. Who's in it? >> I don't remember who's in it, but it's about the idea of like being in control of your dreams and dreams and reality kind of mixing. >> Okay, sounds like I feel like I've seen it. >> I don't know that I've even seen it all the way through, but the idea is, you know, the mixture of dreams and reality and kind of blurring the borders between the two. Anyway, the point is um the um it's really really cool and um she did this uh about the she did like a paper about the music especially the the way the and she figured this out on her own. The chord progression and that they use is very ambiguous. It never goes anywhere. It's like just very like kind of floaty. And it fits the the movie very well because it's like the whole movie is like unresolved with the dreams and reality being kind of mixed. >> And so that's a pretty cool argument for the paper is basically just like the chord progression leads itself. I won't get into why because that would bore everybody to death, but the chord progression like leads itself to being very ambiguous and like I don't know what's going to happen. There's no like definitive parts to it. It's just very like floaty. >> I like floaty. We She said better words than floaty, but >> I like floaty. >> I watched all three extended versions the day after Christmas. That was a long day. Oh yeah, Lord of the Rings is really long. >> Just the Ring Cycle. >> There are three, but I think I think the extended versions are like four hours each. >> Oh my goodness. I think I started one once and then I fell asleep. >> Yeah. >> So then I didn't finish. >> Gladiator is great. Yes. Tom Handy, Leo DiCaprio, Michael Kaine. >> Oh, and Inception. an inception. >> Yeah, I think I have seen it then. It's been a long time. >> Michael Kane is the Scrooge from Melbour Christmas Carol. >> Oh, okay. Yeah, that sounded familiar. >> John Williams Talent is so broad. Yeah. Indiana Jones, Jurassic Park, Home Alone. Like that is just such so so different movies. All of those are such different movies. >> Like Home Alone. >> Yeah. >> Forgot about Home Alone. >> Tenant. I don't know tenant home loans maybe a tenant. Yeah, I don't know anything about that. Interstellar. Yes, Interstellar is huge. The movie's part music's a huge part of that one. I haven't seen that very much either, just clips of it. But I know I've se the parts I've seen the movie. The music is a huge part. Should be easy. It's about walking. Well, it's about walking. >> Walk this way. >> I'm excited to see what they do with Rock and Roll Coaster and the Muppets. I'm also excited cuz hopefully they'll get more Muppet merch. >> Yeah, >> because of that. >> Yeah, I hope so. >> Yeah, they really were lacking in the Muppet merch for a long time. >> They still are. Yeah, there there >> used to be a lot more. >> Yeah, >> there used to be a whole Muppet shop. >> A whole Muppet shop. I missed that shop. >> I wish I would have bought a RZA when I could. You can't. You can buy them on eBay for a lot of money. I'm not going to do that. >> No. Um, oh, to finish up the Lord of the Rings thing, Howard Shaw was the conductor, the composer for Lord of the Rings and that it's a it's it's very epic. Like what what's what I think what you'd appreciate about it is it's an epic story, but it's very like everything in it is larger than life. Like they go up to a mountain and there's a giant maze that's as big as anything and get attacked by a creature that's like 500 feet tall and then Gandalf the wizard just yells, "Thou shalt not pass." And that's probably the best part in the whole movie. And then like I'm not ruining it for you. But then there's like there's just everything's just huge and beautiful and like they spent so much time like I think the the budget was insane. Like they film most of it in New Zealand and it's beautiful there. >> And they spent so much time making it one of the most beautiful movies you can possibly watch. >> Okay. >> But it's also like violent because it's obviously they're fighting this really evil forces. >> I mean a lot of movies are like that, right? But the idea is the ring the ring corrupts everyone it touches and makes them want to be all powerful and it just basically everybody dies >> like the elder wand >> like the elder wand it's very similar to that it corrupts you with power >> okay >> and humans can't touch it >> oh >> because they would automatically be corrupted but luckily the uh um the hobbits which Frodo is one >> are able to resist the power more >> okay >> of the ring um and so then they have a fellowship of the ring that's the first movie where they agree the idea is they're going take it to Mordor, which is basically like the fiery place, and they're going to destroy the ring. And the only way to destroy it is to drop it in the fire in Mordor. >> And it's a very dangerous place. All the demons, all the orcs, everything is there. >> And so, but they have to protect Frodo so he can get there with the ring because of course, everybody else wants the ring because it provides like the elder one, it provides so much power. >> Yeah. >> So, they have the best warriors and sorcerers and everybody go with them to protect him. And the the first movie is all about that fellowship, but of course they don't get it there till the third movie. >> Interesting. >> It's tough. It's a It's a very >> I know it's very popular. People love it. >> It was just very very well done. A lot of overlaps between Lord of the Rings and Harry Potter. Yes, there are. >> Oh, okay. >> It's just Lord of the Rings is a lot more violent. >> I was going to say I think Harry Potter is more kid-friendly. Yeah, Lord of the Rings definitely not Lord of the Rings. Like actually like, you know, I don't want to say it gives you nightmares, but like there's just a lot of ugly creatures in it. >> I mean, I had a nightmare about Voldemort. I'm not going to lie. >> It's a great movie, but it's what I call a guy movie. It is. It's very >> It is It's just It's a well done. It's one of those things that like you should see once because it's actually that good. But >> um not the extended version. You don't need to see the whole thing. >> But you step on him. It's okay. >> Good. My precious. Yeah, exactly. That's where my precious comes from. >> Okay. >> Cuz uh Golem is the other hobbit, but he's been like corrupted by the ring to the point where he can't he can't do anything except like um just like obsess over it. >> So he just sits around and just like rocks himself and just says, "Me precious. Me precious." >> I've seen I've seen memes of him. He looks like >> Yep. You know. >> Yep. >> Howard Shore composed 28 or so motifs for Lord of the Rings. Wow. Yeah, he Yeah, he was amazing. >> Okay. Yeah, you go up >> up and over >> and over. >> You can see the lights along the path over there. >> Wait, where do they come down? >> Over here. >> I know, but like >> right here. >> Right here. >> Yeah. >> Okay. That's the Lord of the Rings. Yeah, it comes this way. not going to make it. >> Oh, yeah. I wish they made more Narnia films. I know. We read all the Narnia books whenever we were little. Mom and dad read them to us. >> Yep. >> Such good books. >> Good movie, too. >> Are you going to see Hoppers? I've heard Hoppers is really good. I saw a preview of it at D23 and it looked really good. Yeah, >> it looks a lot like Avatar but with animals. >> Well, that and there's like the little lizard that looks so hilarious. >> I know. I hope they sell lizard. I'm sure they will. Oh, yeah. Well, they >> I'm surprised they don't have Hopper merch out yet, >> right? >> Cuz it comes out this weekend, right? >> Yeah. >> Huh. Let's say Andy Andy Circus did an incredible job with the Golem character. He's fantastic with motion capture acting. Oh, cool. If I I had lunch with anyone dead or alive, it would be either Tolken or CS Lewis, who wrote the Narnia books. Yeah. >> Oh, yeah. It's aspiring author author. I'd love to pick their brains. I mean, mine would still be Walt Disney, but yes. Yeah. I think I want to see it again. You have to watch Lord of the Rings extended edition. And there's no other way. I don't think that's the way for people I think that's the way for people who are obsessed with it to watch it. >> Yeah. That are big fans. >> I don't think you do that with somebody who's watched it the first time. That's that's how you get somebody to not like it because it's just too long when you're not you're not already invested in it. The thing is, you've seen it. If you watch the extended version, you've seen it probably several times. So, you already love it. >> Mhm. >> But if you want to get somebody to love it, I think there's a reason they did the film editions the way they did because you they're trying to aim it to the general pop population. But that's why they can release it on a Blu-ray later and be like, "Here, here's like three Blu-rays. Have fun." You know, like >> so much in Lord of the Rings movies with incredible detail that you feel like you've lived the adventure. I think that's Cory Rupek's right. It's so good with the detail and the music and everything. By the time you get to the end, you feel like you were on the adventure, too. Okay. >> It's one of those that's it is violent, but it's also like >> you feel like it's a good cause. It's not just random like whatever. They're trying to actually save all of Earth from this ring. >> Okay. >> And the cool thing is like the other thing that's cool about it is Froto is this little hobbit who you would think is very weak compared to all these strong people, but he's strong. He's the strongest of will. Okay. that he can he can keep himself from being corrupted by the ring. >> Kind of like >> in Harry Potter where uh >> bottom ends up being >> Oh yeah. And and Dobby is also one of the strongest. >> Dobby. Yep. >> You're right. Neville and Dobby. Yeah. No, I like the extended version, but it's just easier to sit through that if you know that if you already know it's gonna be amazing and you already know you're going to love it. It's easier to sit yourself down for four hours. >> And I'm glad they made it cuz obviously they spent so much time making it that it's good that people get to see it. >> Oh, has anybody heard that they cancel the half marathon? I mean >> Oh, yeah. I don't know. That's a good question. I don't think we're going to make it to the park. >> We have eight minutes. Nope. >> I mean, we'd have to. And I'm not sure I have that right now. >> It was difficult waiting for each new movie to come out. I know. >> But if you want to, more than welcome. >> Yeah. >> I'll see you next time. >> I'm good. >> My calves are yelling. >> Yeah. She says you're asking about the how somebody's asking in the chat about how it went. said it went well, but she's, you know, a little tired, of course. >> Yeah. I got up early and silly me didn't go back to take a nap because she didn't go in town and I was hanging out with her >> with my friends. >> That's I was confused when I met her for dinner. It's like, wait, you didn't go home and sleep because like >> I usually do. >> The race was over at like what, 6:30 or 7? >> Uh, 7:00. Yeah. >> 7. >> Yeah, I got done at like 7. >> You stay though. Like you get a box of food. You usually sit and chill and then we waited in line to meet Merida. Okay. >> That took about 40ish minutes. Then we went in the park cuz we needed Starbucks. >> Yeah. >> Took some We wanted some metal pictures like with our metals. And then at that time then it was like do I want to drive all the way back and then all the way back again in traffic >> for sure. >> Or just nap in my car. So I might have got maybe 30 minutes maybe. I want it all >> a little little nap. >> Little little nap. And then luckily somebody's car alarm went off or they were trying to get in their car or something. >> Yeah, >> cuz I had set my alarm for 4:45. Well, apparently I set it for A.M. >> Oh, no. >> Glad your car alarm went off cuz you would I would have been calling you. >> Uhhuh. Well, I would have called you somebody next to me. >> No, I'm saying I'm glad that that car alarm went off cuz that alarm. Yeah. >> Yeah. You would have been like, where are you? >> U Mary McKascal. No, I'm not doing a night stream tomorrow. Uh I'm doing a morning stream tomorrow. I will be live tomorrow between 9:00 and 10:00 depending on if the rain is like horrible. I might wait a little bit, but like yeah, I'll be live between 9:00 and 10 tomorrow. Stay tuned for the uh you know for the announcements and stuff. I'll put I'll put the stream up when I get home tonight. I already have the thumbnail made. I just need to put up the stream. Uh but yeah, I'm not going to be live tomorrow evening. I have some other plans tomorrow evening, but I'll be live tomorrow morning. in the morning. >> Morning. Morning. Morning. >> Sounds like they're doing fantasmic. >> Yeah. >> You hear it? >> I don't know. Good point about Froto's strength. It's beautiful. Watch the other characters recognize that and choose to support and protect him. Yeah. The other characters were so much physically or magically or whatever stronger than him, but then they just at first they thought he was a joke, but then they just realized like how incredibly special he was. that he was like, doesn't matter how big or how strong he was, he was going to do the thing that was right. And it doesn't matter what anybody else said, he was going to do the right thing. >> The right thing >> and he was going to do it. >> No matter what. >> Yeah, the 10K is proceeding as scheduled. >> Okay. >> Hey, Grey Rose. >> Hopefully, it'll stop for them. >> Yeah, >> this would be miserable to run in. >> Yeah. I mean, it would be worse if it were pouring, but it were pouring. They >> Right. Oh, for sure. Yeah. They wouldn't do it if it was pouring. >> What do you like most about Walt? I always liked For Walt, I think the biggest thing is to me number one that he never thought something was impossible. >> Yep. And number two, that he would find a way to make it happen. There was no excuses. >> Yeah. >> Right. And I feel like that's some of the problems, you know, sometimes with this company and a lot of other companies now is that they're like, "Ah, we can't afford that." >> And Walt would have never ever said that. Now granted, that also meant he mortgaged everything several times. >> But it always seemed to work cuz he always seemed to understand what people wanted. >> Yeah. >> So even if he did mortgage his whole entire business several times, he was always right. Like when he bu they barely had enough money to build Disneyland and you as you watch the Did you watch handcrafted finally? No, I haven't had time. Yeah. >> Like you'll see on there like how Disneyland really almost didn't open. >> But he he was like, "There's no way it's not going to open. It's going to. We're going to push it through. We're going to do whatever we need to do >> to make it happen." And so, you know, in that way, I think I really admire him because number one, he never takes no for an answer. >> And he always believed that stuff was possible and he always wanted to do everything the highest quality possible. >> And I love how that he inner child like Yeah, he was a big kid. >> Yeah, >> that's what we all are when we come to I like that. >> Yep. That's the whole thing. So, >> but even one of Walt's quotes that I love so much is that hopefully he'll says it's at the end of one man's dream. It says hopefully in the end everybody realized that Walt was right and quality will out. >> And so just having that idea that no matter what that having a high quality having doing everything the best you can is is really the best thing to do. And I love that he said that that everybody realized that Walt was right and that this and that. Cuz I'm sure there were other people even that worked for him that said, "Hey, you shouldn't do this. That's too much. People are not going to, you know, this and that." And he was like, "Nope, we're going to do it." That's the benefit of being like the founder. He and Roy being the founders. He just be like, "Well, I'm in charge, so we're just going to go ahead and do it." Cuz if it had been up to investors, Disneyland probably would have never been built because they were like, "Oh, there's never been anything like that before. We we're not going to put money into that." >> Just build an amusement park. You know, they're way cheaper, >> right? I'm glad you were able to do it. >> Oh, for sure. >> We all are. >> Yeah. So, yeah. Sorry guys, we didn't make it into Hollywood. I I mean, if you really wanted to run two minutes, but I don't feel like that. So, so, but it's also really really wet. And we're probably just going to say good night. >> I know it's a short stream tonight, but it is kind of rainy. Um, and I am going to be up tomorrow and Jenna's going to get some sleep. So, Oh, handcrafted. Yeah. So, Disney invited us to a media event for that. >> I wish I could have gone. >> Yeah, it would have been great. It was We had a ticket, but you had something else going on. >> We had something. Yeah, I can't remember now. >> But either way, um, it's available to watch for free. It's on Disney Plus, of course, which I know isn't free. A lot of people, I'm sure, do have that, but it's also available on the Disney Parks YouTube channel. It's also on the Disney It's also on the Disneyland YouTube channel, I too, I think. But either way, >> they have more than one. >> They have a couple different channels. But I just look for it on the if you don't have Disney Plus, look for it on YouTube. Literally, search for it on YouTube. It is there. It's available. It is well worth the watch. Leslie Eyeworks, who we got to see um there at the preview. She's the director and she got like she honestly as somebody who like, you know, makes videos. I mean, she makes films. I don't make films, but you know, Jen and I don't really make films. We make videos, but just we understand how much work is involved in making a a little vlog. The fact that she would make something like she made it took years, you know, to to edit something like that, but it's very impressive and yeah, just go watch it. Disneyland Handcrafted is very good. Anyway, uh what else? Let's see. All right. Sorry, guys. Everybody's leaving. Um, oh, Surf Shark. >> So, Surf Shark, if you want to get a VPN service for your uh for your home and family, hold on. >> Oh, yeah. Um, so if you want to get a a VPN for your home and your family, VPN is a virtual private network. It protects your family whether you're at home or whether you're away from home. It's especially great when you're away from home because it protects your data. and nobody can steal your passwords or other information. Especially when you're doing like banking or you're using, you know, whatever kind of apps. Obviously, a lot of times you're not going to want your information out there. I would say all the time you're not going to want your information out there. So, with that being said, um Surf Shark is a great way to do that. It protects your data by having all of your uh information safe and protected through encryption, which is fun. Here, let's go over here real quick. We can see the fireworks for a second. And then as we have Surf Shark. So you just go to surfark.deals resortv1. Again that is surf shark.deals resortv1. Use code resorttv1 for um 4 months free and it's like $3 a month if you buy two months. Oh, you can really see the lasers and stuff over here. That's cool. So that's like four months free. So definitely check that out. surf shark.deal/ resorttv1. And the cool thing about it is you don't have to actually uh buy several memberships for your whole family. Just buy one and it serves the whole family. So, go check it out. Surark.deals/ resorttv1. We also have uh platinum members. >> I cried while watching Disneyland Handcrafted. Yeah. >> Behind the Ride. >> Oh, yes, for sure. Behind the Ride. So, Behind the Ride, we have um it's a book about all the ways that all the your favorite Disney attractions were created. It's behind the Ride on Amazon. Also, check out um Disney Demystified where there's an audio book for that. So, Disney Demystified, Behind the Ride, all those things. They're all great books and things. >> Trying to find a platinum seen. >> So, go check it out. Behind the Ride on Amazon. >> Got this. One minute. >> Mia, you're very welcome. Thank you to all of our awesome platinum members of the channel. We like to thank them every single stream and read their names. So, we've got Gray Rose Adventures, Total Care Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy, uh, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego, Go Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, My Crazy Grownup Life, Chuck Qualy, The Amazing Jayla Mley, Scander, Derani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you guys. >> Thank you, Platinum. And thank you to all of our members as well as Patreon members, moppers and moppers. >> And thank you Patreon members. Thank you moppers for moderating. And thank you everybody for being here. Everybody's here all the time. We appreciate it. Thank you to all of our members. Like Jenna said, bronze, silver, and gold and platinum who we just read. All right, so we're going to say good night. We're not going to stand and watch the fireworks cuz it is very, very rainy right now. >> Coming down harder. >> If the rain would if the rain was slower, I might consider it. But oh, over here's happening here. >> Oh, that's the uh >> the end of the show. the Underminer. >> All right. That's actually the beginning of the show. >> Oh, you're right. >> It started at 9:00. Where's my super suit? All right. Anyway, we're going to let you guys go. It is very rainy, so we're going to say good night. There we go. I got my I got a sweater and an Epcot shirt on here, but whatever. It's warm, so it doesn't matter. >> Anyway, we'll see you guys. Uh I'll see you tomorrow, Jen. I'll see you probably on Monday. >> Monday. >> So, we'll be there. >> Yeah. Monday and Wednesday. So, we'll see you then. Hopefully, it'll be a little drier this week. >> Oh, I hope so. >> So, but it's been been a fun rainy night. I hope you enjoyed it and we'll see you next time. >> See you soon. >> All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Bye-bye. >> Wow. Look at that. Yeah.
