---
video_id: SUhF6u4hS18
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live:  Friday Night Live at Disney's Hollywood Studios - Walt Disney World - 3-27-26"
published: 2026-03-27
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUhF6u4hS18
---
Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live tonight here for Friday Night Live at Hollywood Studios. Hooray for Hollywood. Welcome in everybody. Before we get too far into the video, I want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all of the social media. We're Resort TV one on all the things. >> Hey, Petra. Hey, Amara. Ryan. Brownie Brown, Kinsey, Alicia, Tony Hall is here. Hi Benjamin. Hi Trisha. Resco Mothership Tennessee Bear Jay Zelina. Happy Friday. Hey Diana, welcome in guys. Hi Johnny. How are you? Jose is here. Tracy Duncan. Maddie cardboard box. Sorry if I missed you guys. It is really bright out here. Hi Petra. Welcome in guys. Josh is here. He'll be here in a second. Okay, I think I fixed the gimbal. Yep, there we go. I fixed it. Um, I've got Josh's gimbal. He got here a little late, so he is finishing up his dinner. Sorry we're late. We were just chatting and for lost track of time, basically is what happened. But welcome in, guys. Happy happy Friday. Welcome to Hollywood Studios. We have not been live here in a while. Uh, so it's kind of fun to be back. Hey, his summer lady. Hey Bonnie, Andy's here. No, Kathleen, how are you? Plymouth Rock, Daryl, Linda, Karen, Daryl, Caleb, Noel, Kyle, if you guys said hi. I'm sorry if I missed it. I Disney, there's a lot of new things in the shop right now. I got excited. I did a little shopping before we ate uh dinner, waiting on Josh, and uh had to go check out the new merch. There's quite a bit of new things. Hey, young dude. Hey, Leo's mom. Corey the ace pilot. Mary is here. Benjamin, Edwin, Princess Kristen. Shall we go say hi to Gertie? It's pretty busy. It is pretty busy. >> Spring break is here still. Even though spring break is over for Orange County here in Orlando, still happening other places. Hi Darl, Victoria. Hey Mike, Catalina. Matt one, Leo's mom. There's Gertie's footprints so we know she's nearby. >> Oh, I think the gimbal's a little crooked. I'll let Josh fix that when he gets back cuz uh I don't know how to fix his >> his uh gamble. >> Oh my goodness. I think there's baby duckies. >> A They're so little. >> They're so cute. >> Don't touch them. >> No, don't touch them. Poor little buddy bees. >> Oh my goodness, they're so cute. >> The mama duck was like, "You leave my babies alone." A >> they're coming for you. They're chasing you. >> So cute. Oh my goodness. Here's Gertie. Everybody say hi, Gertie. Okay. >> Aren't those the cutest? >> Oh, so it's not the gimbal that's tilted. It's the world. Oh, there you go. Okay. I mean, you're not wrong. >> You did a great job. Goose. >> Not wrong. >> Donald and Daisy. Yes. And >> there was three of them. So, it was Huey, Dewey, and Lou, right? Daisy, Huey, Dewey, and Louie, your favorite park. Awesome. Well, welcome to Hollywood Studios. Hi, Indiana. Can you get a Lightning Lane for the ducks? They're adorables. Okay, let's get a good view of Echo Lake over here. >> I'm not hearing music. Do you guys hear music? Oh, look. There's babies out here, too. A babies. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine. Where's mama? Where's your mama? They're all kind of following each other. Oh my goodness, they're adorable. Sorry, guys. I'm trying to turn the brightness up on the phone. There we go. I found it. Perfect. So, there's three over there and nine over here. But I don't see the mama. Hopefully she just went to get some food and she'll be back. Sounds good. Glattus that we little duckies. Yep. Spring babies. I know. It's weird. I don't hear any music. >> So, either they didn't turn it on or the speakers aren't working. I'm not sure which. But we were or I wasn't we, it was just me. I was walking through here earlier and uh just Dale, not Chip, was just roaming around. It was kind of fun seeing him. He was just interacting people. He was doing uh um oh, what's it called? Rock, paper, scissors with a kid sitting on a bench. It was adorable. Hey Jay Dog, how are you today? Tonight. >> Hey Olivia. Hey Mike. Diana. Annette. Ali Cats. Don't really know what the plan is. We're just going with the flow tonight. Let's look what the wait times are. Hi, Evan. It has been a week since we saw you and our family with the red. Oh, that's right, Romeo. Yes, uh Romeo. Exactly. Hope you guys are staying warm there in Michigan. Was Michigan, right? It's pretty busy. Well, aliens saucers is only 20. That's not horrible, but everything else is pretty pretty busy. Hi. Hi, Noel. If I can just slide it down a little and then Oh, I think I fixed it. There we go. Hey, Mr. Cruz Fever. Sorry if I already said hi to you already. Already said hi already. Kevin, how are you today? Let's go take a stroll around uh Hollywood the uh what's this called? Chinese theater. I was like Hollywood Tower. Nope, that's not it. >> Yeah, single rider. Could do that for sure. Happy Friday, Debbie. >> Hey, Thomas. Smooth joystate. Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway. I think it said 50 minutes on the app. Hopefully some of the wait times will go down. Hello, Mystic Dizzy. Yeah, this thingy right here. Chinese theater. So pretty. Love the neon lights. I remember when this opened. 2020. Crazy. Crazy. All right, we got Coven over here. Robin Williams, >> Michael J. Fox. Oh, David Copperfield. That's cool. I saw him perform one time. That was really fun. Um, and where was I? Oh, I was in college at um IU. Some of them are getting rather hard to read, like this one. No idea what that says. Oh, the weather. Okay, so it has today. Well, yesterday was nice. Today was a little hot or as Jesse Mouse says, spicy. It was a little spicy, a little warm. Um but but yeah, in the shade it's nice. So you know it's dry. It's not humid when you go in the shade and you're like, "Ooh, that's not bad." Robert Warner, that's funny. Kelly Snider, hello. Robert Warner is here. Welcome in, guys. Jerry Lewis. >> Poor baby. Oh, there is a shop over here. I always forget about their shop. Let's go check it. See if they got anything new. This is at the exit of Runaway Railway. And usually they have some Runaway Railway merch. Um, let's see. Oh, yeah. They look at these guys. Oh, these are fun. Little characters. Runaway Railway shirt for kiddos. Got your winging it cup. What you be? >> No, you put it on >> the ears. Oh, this is fun. I've not seen this >> for Runaway Railway. >> Thank you so much. >> They have a chewy shoulder pile. >> You need to come hang it out. >> And a little car with Pluto with this picnic basket. Happy World Theater Day. Oh, I didn't know. That's cool. >> I did not know. >> It was World Theater Day, but that's cool. >> Oh, this one's fun. They have the uh glasses that I wear sometimes on the stream. I'm loving all the keychains that they've been getting in lately. Oh, look at this one. Renoy Railway. >> Um, somebody says, "Where's Josh?" He's right here. This is We found him. >> Found me. >> They said, "Where's Josh?" Right there. >> The question of the day is, "How long do the cast members have to train to work in that gift shop?" Haha, Robert. That's funny. Good one. >> The same shirt you wore to the opening of Land. >> Yes. >> Yes, it is. >> The picture was iconic. >> Uh-huh. It was. >> Yep. Um, I don't know. I was just cruising around waiting on you. see what the weight times are. I think it's all pretty busy. So, >> I think I saw a minute ago alien swirling saucers was 20. Or we could just troll for a little bit. >> This one's not as bad as I thought it would be cuz it's all like about >> 50. That's what it says. We don't want to Oh, yeah. It's not as >> Yeah. 550. Everything's pretty pretty bad. Hi, Jeff. >> Hi, Sandy. >> Down by Rock and Roll Coaster and see I guess. >> Oh, let's do it. >> They redid the vehicle outside, I guess. >> Yeah, they've painted it. Let's go check it. Sounds like a plan. >> Robert says, "The jokes write themselves tonight." What ears do I have on? Oh, let me show you. See? Bam. Got my Toy Story shirt on like Josh was talking about and my uh Toy Story ears. They're the build your own ears. I got the alien and ham the pig. Trying to figure out what to wear today and I was like, "Oh, I haven't worn this one in a while." Let's do it. Hi, Indiana. Hi, Wayne. I have a Chubby shirt, too. I almost put that one on. I didn't think it was going to be this hot today. >> Yeah, we were outside for the school activity part of the day. >> Oh, man. >> There was a like a I don't know. They did like a field day type thing, like relay races and stuff. Oh yeah. I remember when our elementary school when I taught, >> we would do that. We did ours more the end of the year though. >> Well, this we have spirit week for prom. >> Prom is tomorrow. >> Spirit week for the only school I've ever seen do it. >> That's so funny. >> Oh well. Yeah. Whatever works. A thank you. Veronica cat or Verona chat. Veronica chat. >> Well, I don't have to do it. >> Yeah, you don't have to. >> I mean, I don't have to like plan it. >> Oh, gotcha. >> To show up when they tell us to show up. That works. Hi, Brownie Brown. It is easy to get your steps in at the parks. This is very, very true. Don't usually have a problem with that. Hollywood, though, is not as big. So, I feel like I don't always get my steps in here. No, >> compared to like Epcot or Magic. You definitely get them at Magic, especially if you park at the TTC. >> I know. Well, then it becomes, do you want to walk or take the train? >> I know, right? I usually walk >> from here. I usually walk, but there it's like so much further. >> I know. >> The tram was right there, so I took it. >> Oh, there you go. I was too far away from the tram, so I was like, by the time I get to the tram, I might as well just walk. So, I cut through. >> Okay. >> Cut. I did some cutscies. >> I was right on the end. >> Good for you. I >> way in the back. Right on the end. >> I'm way in the back. Way on the other end. >> I did time it. I was curious. It took me 7 minutes to get in. >> Oh, >> not bad. >> From the car. >> Yeah, from the car. >> Not bad at all. >> No. >> Generally, if I walk from the TTC. >> Well, this was from here. Not Yeah. >> At Magic though, it's like, >> "Hey, Nia." >> 20 minutes from car to park or more. >> It's crazy. >> Oh, for sure. Yeah. If you got If you count in the Montreal, definitely >> 20 to 30 minutes. >> Happy Friday, Tail. Mary, Ellen. Oh, can Okay, I can pronounce it. Cat. Okay, gotcha. I thought that was your name, but then I was like, wait, it says chat. >> Are you live? >> Yes. >> On your YouTube? >> Yes. Resort TV1. >> Huh? >> Resort TV1. >> Hi, Caroline. Hi, Robert. Oh, thank you. Thank you so much. I'm glad you're enjoying them. We had a great time. Rosco Mothership. Got to love that Pandora shop. 100%. >> Hi Bryce, thanks for 1400 people in the chat. 407 W Disney likes. >> Who remembers when you had to call that to make dining reservations? >> It still can. >> Yeah. 407W Disney. >> And we got a PayPal from Jeff. Um let's see here. Uh Jeff sent uh $50 on PayPal. >> Thanks, Jeff. >> Thanks for streaming another month of Disney Magic Resort TV1 from Jeff. >> Thank you so much, Jeff. That's so so kind of you. >> I don't know if he's uh I know he's usually in the UK goes to bed, so I don't think he's Yeah. >> Yeah, he's in. I saw him. >> Okay. Well, thanks, Jeff. >> That's very kind. Thank you. Thank you. >> It does. It looks really good with the sun hitting it, doesn't it? The Tower of Terror. >> Earlier I was trying to call the Chinese Theater. I was like the the Hollywood. Nope, that's not it. The Chinese Theater. The Hollywood Theater. I mean, it's in Hollywood. >> Yeah. >> He says, "Welcome. Got to start training on doing a lot of walking. 50 more days." That's awesome, Gail. I remember when we were younger, we would do that, too. We're like, "Oh, we better start walking around the neighborhood and get our legs ready to walk a bunch." >> Oh, yes. >> There we go. I got a pin. >> Okay, good job. >> I'll let you tell them about it since you got the thing. >> Okay, let's uh let's show the car and then we can talk about it. >> That is cool. >> That is really cool. Yeah, it's one of the weird things when they got the uh >> normally they close down the whole ride area because of the uh construction, but they can't hear cuz you got to get back to >> D. Exactly. >> Oh, it says starring and there's no like there's no sign for starring anymore. >> You can still see Aerosmith, but they took Oh, >> you sure can. >> put took the letters down. But um I'm going to come this way away from the sun and maybe you can see it a little better. There we go. >> Look, guys. That's so cool. They did they did not waste any time painting that. That is really cool. >> Okay, that is awesome. Can you see it or is it too dark? You want to turn up the exposure if you want? >> That is really fun. >> Can also go on this side maybe. Uh, with the sun to your back, it might look >> Oh, yeah. Okay. >> I know. I can't wait to say we're moving right along. Rock and roller coaster is currently closed as we load in the band. >> Moving right along. Um, I wonder what music they're going to have playing. That would be fun if they had that one. >> I don't know. >> Yes, we will. >> I forget when it opens. >> I don't think they >> Oh, have they not? Okay. I know they >> they must be redoing the guitar, too. >> Yeah, they I know they um posted a bunch of openings recently, but I can't remember if that was one of them. >> No, Buzz Lightyear is April 8th. >> April 8th. Yeah, I'm excited for that. >> All right. >> A lot of people already done that. They said other than the pre-show, it's, you know, exactly the same. And they got >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I think the point system's a little different. You can get more than 999. >> It's more like Disneyland. >> Okay. >> Oh, here. >> Oh, yeah. Very nice. Very nice. I love that. Okay, that's cool. >> Staring Muppets. >> So, that's what they're doing right now. Can >> see them here in the car, too. The electric mayhem. I'm sure they're going to have a bunch of uh Muppet merch and I can't wait. >> Yeah, I would hope so. >> Right. Hi, Linda. Aerosmith was awesome, though. I did. I am going to miss it. I'm not going to lie. But I do love the Muppets. So, >> I still think Muppets is going to end up over there. >> Agreed. >> Once Villains Land opens, they'll probably close that. >> Yeah. >> Which will be a while. Um Okay. So, guys, we want to talk about We want to talk about an amazing um um fundraiser that we're going to be doing for Run Disney. Um, and we want to talk about the awesome charity that we are representing um, for the run, for the race. >> So, it's called Experience Camp. Experience Camps. Um, it is a nonprofit organization that provides free oneweek summer camps for children who have lost a parent, a sibling, or a primary caregiver. It's a community that extends for beyond the bunk, a place where grieving children find connection, hope, and healing. So much like the Disney magic, the camp is filled with joyful, unforgettable moments, uh, swimming, rope courses, color wars, and all the fun of summer, equally important are, um, their grief sharing circles and daily bereavement activities led by trained grief counselors where campers are given the space to process their loss in a safe and supported um, environment. So, um, we would love it if you guys would help us support them and, um, we're going to be running again for them. So, Josh put the link in there if you guys want to donate some money. Um, and it goes to this amazing amazing, uh, charity, experience camps, and you can help some kids that are grieving, either the loss of a parent or a sibling. Um, which hits really close to home for Josh and I. Um, I'm not sure, maybe we've shared this before, but it's been a while. um that we actually uh were pretty young. I was four, Josh was five or six, and uh we actually lost a brother. So, um I was four, so I don't I don't remember a whole lot. I do have some memories that stick in my head. Um you know, really, really hard time. I know Josh took it a little harder since he was a little older. Um but having a place like that would have been amazing. >> Yeah, we did go to like the family counseling and stuff. >> We did. Yeah. >> Also in a small town, there wasn't really a lot of else that you could do besides just counseling. >> Counseling. Yeah, >> but we did. And uh yeah, so I'm sure that's really, you know, I know this is really helpful for a lot of people. >> 100%. >> And uh so yeah, it's a great charity. Uh it's something that um is, >> you know, kind of easy to get involved in. There's a link there >> and I I don't you know, I'm sure they accept, >> you know, any amount of of donation. Um so go over there and >> there might be a minimum, but I'm sure, you know, >> any amount helps. So definitely go over there and check that out at the link. And uh we're just doing this the next week or two as we get ready for our race. >> Yeah. >> And then when we do our uh 10k race, we're running >> in honor of uh experience camps. >> Exactly. >> Be my first time ever. >> Yeah. Josh's first Run Disney ever. So, we're excited that he gets to do that and uh raise awareness and and raise some money for experience camps. Bless you. >> Yeah. Um, so and again, if you guys just want to check out more about them, um, I'm trying to find, let's see where the where the link is. Sorry, I'm trying to do this and walk and talk at the same time. Well, I guess there's the link right there. Donate is there. So, there's more information about them on the donate. >> There you go. Perfect. >> Um, so >> they're a registered organization, so it's not like you're not you're not just sending it to a random place. It's a real charity and you know, everything. And so it's all vetted and official and everything. and she actually gave us, you know, what each amount will help with. Kind of like gives kids the world, you know, so much will get a family. >> Um, so she $50 provides a camper supplies uh for all of the clinical activities for the week. 100 funds a bunk pizza party for 20 campers. 250 provides travel scholarship for a camper uh who otherwise could not afford to attend. 500 staffs one of our uh clinician I don't know how to say that. Clint, I don't know how to say that. CL clinicians. >> Clinicians. There you go. Who supports two bunks of campers for a full week. A thousand provides travel scholarships for four campers who otherwise could not afford to attend. And $2,500 provides one year of programming for a camper. So again, any amount that you guys can help with would be awesome and very much appreciated for Experience Camps. Again, none of this goes to us. This all goes to Experience Camps. >> Yep. That's why you go directly to their website. Exactly. >> So there you go. Yeah. >> So yeah, we'll keep the link up there >> and uh again, don't, you know, don't feel like you have to, but it is just an option if you want to help out. >> Exactly. >> And uh we'll do that. So I guess we can go into tower shop. >> Okay, sounds good. >> We'll finish up. >> Sorry guys, I was missing your chat while I was talking about experience camps. >> But we hope you go check them out and uh share them out with other people too, so that you know more people are aware of this. if you need help or you know somebody that would you know need to go to experience camps maybe you can help them out too. >> And I don't think that the lowest amount is 50. I think there you can give less% that's how much like if you wanted to sponsor something specifically that's how much it would start at >> exactly. Hi Spider Bro. Hey the live place. Hey mom. Mom's in the chat. I also get that now is not the best time with gas prices going up and everything else. So, totally get it if you can't do it. That's >> 100%. No. Yeah. Just >> do what you can and enjoy enjoy the stream. >> We just thought we'd help out if anybody's able to help. That's all. >> Hi, Edwin. >> All right, let's head into the Tower of Par shop. Tower hotel gifts. Hey, Francis. >> I hope your stay has been a pleasant one. >> Did I sound like him? >> Yeah, pretty much. >> There's a lot more to me at this top. >> I know. Isn't that fun? >> Can also get your very own hat. >> Should be okay here. Just watch the bits. Hopefully, it'll be all right. >> Long as we don't go back past the uh the doorway back there. >> All righty. >> Oh, Mr. Young Dude is here. What is this? >> White chocolate flavored drink mix. Color changing. Oh, that's fun. Milk chocolate with popping candy. Yeah, it's a very good cause. Uh Jose, for sure. Thank you for sharing that out. For sure. Thanks, guys. >> The car is upside down for a rock and roller coaster cuz the ride goes upside down. >> Yeah, that's been there since uh since it opened. >> Yeah, Tower of Terror. >> They just now painted it. So, that was the update was that they changed the colors to match the Muppets. >> Exactly. These are new. Look at these tower drummies. >> Yeah. You got tower of hair stitchy. Bellhop stitchy I should say. Hi Pam. Hey Alicia. I'm >> actually impressed it's still working back here. >> Don't jinx it right there. >> The Hollywood Tower Hotel. >> Oh, you you said this earlier. >> Oh, you're right. I didn't even see that part. >> We trust your state. >> Is that new with the stitch in the door? I guess not. >> This one? >> Yeah. >> No, it's been here a little bit. um in in that and they used to have a Loungefly, too, but they must be sold out. >> He's also in the door of the Loungefly. It's really cute. >> There's a resort operator there, I forget, that wants to give you a Stitch um skirt she made or or got or something. So, I sent you an email. You can check it. But she they check out tomorrow, they can leave it at their probably at their hotel her >> Okay. I don't think I can get there tomorrow, though. Hopefully. >> Yeah. I mean, I don't know. They may they may hold it for a day or two here. Okay. >> You can reply back to her. >> Okay. That's very nice. Thank you very much. I don't I might not be able to get there till Monday. So, I don't know how long they hold it unless you can stop there tomorrow if you're going there for me. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. >> Okay. That's very kind though. Thank you. Thank you. >> Lucky 13. >> Yeah. >> The ride of your life. >> I'm actually uh going to go to the concert tomorrow at Universal with a friend. >> Which concert? >> Uh All American Rejects. >> We're going to be at Universal. That's cool. >> Yeah, Jesse and I plan to go for a while, so we're excited. >> Last concert I went to there was Bruce Springsteen. >> Oh, that's cool. >> No, it wasn't Bruce Springsteen. I saw him, too. It was Huey Lewis. >> Okay. Yeah, you were telling me about that. That's awesome. >> The last one I saw was um >> TLC last year. It was pretty cool. >> Hu Lewis was like, how do he say it? He goes, "How many of you is your first concert seeing uh you know, Hy Lewis in the news?" And they raised their hand. He goes, "We've been doing this for 40 years. Where you where you been?" >> That's funny. >> That was pretty funny. >> Uh, you know, and before TLC, then the one I watched before that was Three Doors Down, which was amazing. >> Okay. >> And the lead singer just passed away from cancer recently. He's around our He was around our age, too. >> Was mid40s. >> Interesting. Yeah, I didn't know that. >> Sad. >> Really good guy. >> Did not know that. >> Yeah. When I worked in Tower of Terror gift shop, when everyone would start hitting the bells, I would always yell out, "Thank you for making sure every single bell works." >> Oh, they they they have now made it so that they don't make noise anymore. Which is probably a good call. >> Good call. >> 1,700 people. Thanks guys for joining us. The like button. >> Hard part about those bells, you can't sell them if you don't display them. >> True. >> But if you do display them, somebody it's like it's it's like you can't just look at it and just not hit it. >> It's very true. Very very hard. >> It is. >> Uh, Blue Pillow says, "I rode the new bus lightyear. It was a lot of fun. Still learning all value of the targets. Only got 150,000. Also, doesn't stop at 999." Yeah, we heard about that. >> I'm going to have to learn how how to get good scores. >> Galactic Hero again. Yeah, >> Jenna, you and Josh are kids to me. A thanks BDS. That's sweet. Happy Friday, Nikki Tobin. How are you today? Welcome in, Tobins. >> Disney should have a Tower of Terror resort. You know what would be super fun? If they during Halloween transformed one of their hotels, like the Coronado, into the Tower of Terror. >> That would be fun. >> All right, Disney, there's your million-dollar idea right there. >> Yeah, >> just for Halloween. Who would go to that? I would. I'd go check it out. I might not use the elevator, but >> I still want to go back to the Star Cruiser in some way, shape, or form. >> I know. However, I don't think it looks like it did. >> What? >> I probably doesn't look like it used to. >> I don't think it's that different. I think they just, you know, they don't have all the actors and stuff. >> True. Should we go in here? >> Sure. >> While we're strolling? >> Yep. Cuz everything's really busy. >> Okay. >> Why not? I'm loving the Hollywood Studios specific merch. Y >> like I like this shirt a lot. This is the one Josh has got on. We went over and said hi to Gertie tonight. >> Oh, good. >> This one's fun, too. >> Looks like a map. >> Yeah, got Gertie there in the middle. >> I guess we could have gone to see the villain show. I didn't even think about it. >> Oh, was it right now? Uh, I think it's 77. >> Okay. >> So, we'd have to we'd have to go line up over there at some point, but we'll find out. >> Okay. >> Boing bling. >> Fantastic. 8:30 and 10. So, J were saying we'll probably do 10:00 just because that'll be less crowded. We can get a better seat. We don't have to be there for an hour and >> Exactly. >> And also maybe we can ride some rides during the first one. >> Yeah. And maybe watch the show on uh >> Chinese Theater. I almost said Tower of Terror again. >> Yeah. >> Got to get all your Villains merch. Get ready for villains. Oh, one new thing that they just got was I think I showed you guys last week, but we the poo shoulder pal. He's fairly new and I love him. >> This is also fairly new. A new Disney World t-shirt. All the characters there. Oh, they have an Easter shirt. >> That one's fun. Hello, Tim. At a big family dinner and he can't hear a thing. >> Enjoy dinner. >> These are fun. Not sure I've seen these before. Ema. all the stitchy stuff. Are we going to go tomorrow? >> Oh my goodness. There's a new one or a new uh piglet. Oh my goodness, he's so cute. >> Look at him. A He's adorable. $26.99. He's my favorite. >> Oh, this is new. >> Oh, it's for kids, but it's really cute. Speaking of Poo Bear, apparently the voice of Optimus Prime Peter Cole that we met did Eeyore, too. >> Oh, >> not every time, but sometimes he did. >> That's cool. >> And then there was video of him doing it. I was like, that's pretty crazy. >> That's awesome. Hi, Maria Hall. That is so fun. I love that. All right, whales. Shall we head out? >> Sure. >> All right, have fun. Thank you. Tourist Mickey >> smiling ear to ear. That's cute. >> All right. Do you want to chat with them for a moment? >> Yep. >> All right. Say hi to Josh. >> Like that. You have to You have to say it like that. >> Figure out how to spell it first. >> Hero is one of my favorite Winnie the Poo characters. Yep. He's pretty awesome. That's what our 10K is. It's Winnie the Poo theme. Did you know that? >> Oh, no. I did not know that. >> I'm going to dress like one of them. >> That's cool. >> At least that's my plan. >> The metal has Winnie the Poo and Ticker on it. >> Oh, fun. Yeah, I didn't know. Uh, didn't know that. >> Yeah, each place is seen differently. Rise has been down a lot this week. It has its moments for sure. I meant to keep it on 1440p, but I guess it doesn't save the settings. Oh well. >> 1080p. >> Yeah, it's still fine. Oh my gosh. Well, well, here. Check this out. It's in our vlog. Tomorrow, I think after my stream, I'm going to premiere our Mega Con vlog. I got to find this though. Here. This would be a good tease. >> Here it is. >> No. He's so cute. I think I saw a Wall-E when I was there. >> I don't know. >> He has a flux capacitor. >> There. There were two Wallally. One with a flux capacitor. >> Okay. That's cool. >> The time traveling Wall-E. >> That's amazing. He's one of my faves. >> And he's just so expressive. Yeah, that'll be on the vlog. Oh, and there's Evo, too. Look. Evo. adorable. >> So, there you go. That'll be on our uh >> be on our vlog probably tomorrow. I got to edit it. I just need to um I need to add one more thing and then upload it. >> Okay. >> I love that their little faces are out. >> They're cute. I like the glue. The Golden Mickey's. That was a That was a show. >> Was it? >> Uh on the Disney cruise line. >> Yeah. When we were when Steph No, it was on the the Magic and the Wonder when they were the only two ships. >> Was this an award show and showed like all the best of the I don't know. There's a video of it on YouTube. >> Mom's doing great. Dan. Hey, Anthony. Mom is in the chat. Yeah, >> droid builders. Yeah, there you go. Look at the Judy Hops hat and Nick Wild. >> I still need to watch Utopia, too. It's on Disney Plus. >> I know. Oh, is it now? >> Yeah. >> Gosh, that's how late I am. Sorry. >> What was the other people's name? >> No. >> No, no, no. >> Lenny, >> thanks for hitting the like everybody. Thanks, Spider Bro. >> Your own um alien ducky. >> Duck. >> Duck. >> Duck. >> Light here. No. >> We'll probably end up we could probably save the last shops till the end since they're the last thing before everything closes so we can go either to Toy Story or Star Wars. >> Well, why don't we go right and we end up in Star Wars. >> All right. >> Sounds good. Wally with a flux capacitor. Are you telling me this sucker is nuclear? No, he's electrical. According to Doc Brown, >> but they need a nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 gigawatts of whatever, you know. Of course, now if Wall-ally is the uh trash compactor guy, he could use the Mr. Fusion thing. See, he doesn't even need the 1.21 gigawatts. He can just do Mr. Fusion. I love how they the the writers of the show, it's a great show, don't get me wrong, but the writers of the movie are just like, I want to deal, we don't want to deal with plutonium anymore. Great. Put a fusion thing in there and say they can put trash in it. All right, that works. >> I mean, you know, future. >> Yeah. >> # the future. >> Actually, it's the past now. The future was 2015. >> But you know what? >> Yeah. >> But good point. >> The future is over, >> aren't they? >> Yeah. >> And yet we're still here. We're still here. >> It's very deep. >> Joe Gardner. Here we go. I got to I got to point down so it so it shows it. >> I know. The the lighting's weird today. >> It's always like that this time of night. Okay. >> The sky is brighter than the ground. The phone doesn't know what to do. 1.21 gigawatts. New magic. >> This is supposed to open the sto, >> huh? Cool. >> I can't wait. Be fun. >> Again, you're not going to be able to see it unless I point off the sky. Future is over. Y2K. Oh. Oh gosh. I'm not even going to say that when playing with the rock. That's funny though. There you go. >> I love that you can see and then in the phone you can see them. >> That's very detailed. >> That's detail right there. >> Like where's Waldo? What can you >> What's the city Marty Marty Martin Fly and Doc Brown from? Is that Hill Valley? Hill Valley, California, which is not real, >> but yes, I have a shirt now. You got a free tablet for updating your auto pay. Wow, that's nice of them. All right, here we go. Little mermaid coming out. >> I also want to see hoppers. >> It looks so cute. But I also heard bring tissue. Oh, really? >> Sad hoppers. >> You want to go in here? >> Thank you. >> Doesn't it look like he's in a Mr. Tone car? >> Yeah, but it's the firet truck. >> Yeah, I know. >> But yeah, let me uh let me do the Oh, I can't because I've got it on the wrong setting. Okay, I'm just going to pause it for a second and uh put on the Wi-Fi so we don't get lags. Be back. and back. >> Okay, here we are. >> Nice in here. Hi, Zig Zagman. >> Jenna, is your hair sun bleached from the cruise? >> No, I got it. I get it done. cuz why not? >> Not even a blip in Marcus. That was pretty fast. >> Nice. >> Guys, it's Walt Disney's initials right there. >> I still want to go to Marceline sometime. >> I know. Um Justin and Adam have been there and they I think in the barn they carved their their names. >> Oh, really? How fun. >> In the Walt Disney barn. >> In the Walt Disney barn. Oh, that's cool, Sean. Yeah, lots of excitement for the construction for sure. What is this? >> I still remember watching that on the Disney Channel back over. They played it over and over again. >> Yeah, it was like their commercial, but it wasn't commercial. It was just >> That's where he's drawing and he found Mickey here. >> And I was always like, "I could do that." >> Mama drawing Mickey. >> I can ask. Come on. All right. >> You're correct in the barn and Marceli. My name is in there. That's cool. I didn't know that >> you could do that. >> You were a Yeah, you're allowed to do it. Yeah. Tell >> YouTubers. >> Okay. >> To or away from the camera. And here now is our same blue moonlight scene. away the multiplane camera seat. >> No, they haven't really upgraded anything in here. This has been like this for a while. >> This is the plan for a super cartoon camera. We call it a multiplane camera. >> It's a horizontal camera. >> The problem was how to take a painting and make it behave like a real piece of scenery under the camera. So that would be much closer. >> The different elements in the scene were separated according to their varying distances from the viewer. >> With our original picture broken down in this manner, it is possible to control the relative speed with which each individual part of it moves to or away from the camera. And here now is our same moonlight scene the way the multiplane camera sees it. There you go. >> That's a mockup of it right here. >> This is the plan for a super cartoon. We call it the >> It's a magic wishing apple. >> The problem was how to take a painting and make it behave like a real piece of >> I love listening to Disney talking about the camera. Yeah, me too. It's fun to listen to him talk and tell stories. This is a goal. Yeah, the multi-point camera really was cool. There's his backyard. >> Yeah, once you're young, dude, it's fun to come in here when it's not crowded, for sure. This is the archway that goes into Magic Kingdom. Has that above it. >> Sunday's comfortable. >> Yeah. >> Disneyland. >> Oh, look. There's the castle. Oh, yeah. So apparently it was common, anybody remembers this, but it was common for the TV screens to be that curved and these big frames around it and you'd miss a lot of the picture. >> Yeah. >> Well, maybe because it wasn't a full picture. >> Yeah, I think there were some issues with that for sure. >> This is new to me. Thanks for showing it. So for sure. Hey. Hey, Dad. >> I have a cap with that plaque. Nice. I think I've seen that. Hey, Ken. Hey, Kathleen. I saw you forget earlier. >> Nice. >> Nice little tip. If you sit at the little tables where starring roles used to be next to the brown derby characters come in and out from back there and so I saw cricket. I saw the penguin from Mary Poppins. I saw Mary Poppins. Now I can't remember who else but >> lots of people. Yeah, >> they waved. >> This shows again. This is the opening day plan of Disneyland. This shows just how First of all, the cars were right there because there was no California Adventure. The cars came right up to the front, but it also shows how empty it was. >> It doesn't look like anybody was in there. >> Well, no. Um, this just a model. >> Oh, empty as in like >> there's not as much stuff. >> I thought you meant people. >> Yeah. No, like there's not as many things to do. Like there's a whole area that's empty right here >> and down here. Now, I think this is still kind of empty down. Not empty. There's no rides and stuff down here. >> Yeah. this little area right there. But up here, that's Matterhorn and 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea and and >> which is right there, isn't that? >> Yeah. So, that's Matterhorn and then I'm not sure up there. I think that's still just like some of the Autotopia was extended up there, I think. >> Small World's back there. >> Small World. Yeah. Also >> Toontown. >> Toontown. Oh, yeah. You're right. >> But Autotopia is definitely bigger than it was. So, yeah. But that's it. And then there's basically nothing in Frontier Land. And there's a bunch of stuff back there. Now >> there is a there was this uh there was a trail ride. That was a trail ride. You actually see the horses out there. Stage coach ride >> and the something through Nature's Wonderland. >> Eventually it turned into a mine train through Nature's Wonderland. And the town in that is now part of Big Thunder Mountain. >> Right. Exactly. >> Where's New Orleans Square? >> Uh it wasn't there yet. >> Okay. >> Let's see. kind of over here on the side of the water. >> Yeah. So, um >> so I believe I believe Yeah, I believe it's right here and they just took part of this trail out to make it >> Disney Haunted Mansion would have been kind of over here somewhere. >> Maybe they got rid of some of the water. >> Some of the water. No, but that's hung I think that's Hungry Bear right there. Oh, >> so I think Haunt Mansion would be like down here somewhere. and New Orleans Square would be. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. I'd have to look at a map again. Anyway, >> they got rid of some of Jungle Cruise stuff. >> Yeah, >> I don't think they got rid of any of Jungle Cruise. I think maybe we just We're not just not seeing it, right? >> Good evening everyone and welcome to Walter Presents. In just 2 minutes, we'll be presenting a special look at Disney in theaters now. If you wish to join us for this 5minute clip, please make your way to the Walt Disney. >> Didn't touch it. literally like didn't touch it. >> Thank you and enjoy the show. >> Is that a fire alarm? >> No, that's a you touched it alarm. >> Oh, well, we didn't. >> No, we just didn't. >> Oh, that's funny. I wanted to see an aerial map of Disneyland. I typed in Disneyland and it went Walt Disney World cuz we're closer to this. >> They're like, "No, you're wrong." >> There we go. >> This is where Taylor Swift stuff was. >> Yes. >> I wondered what they put in there. >> There was another one that you could do Disneyland near me. >> Disneyland near me. >> Oh, here you go. Okay, so now you can kind of see it. >> Uh, I didn't like that I called it the man. >> Yeah, not at all. Okay, so just so that you guys can see too. So there's Main Street. Here's Jungle Cruise. It's the same. Haunted Mansion is right slid in right next to Jungle Cruise there. >> Okay, >> that's the building for Haunted Mansion. It's hard to see kind of what this is. Sorry. But then this is New Orleans Square up here. This the ferry boat or the river boat. There's some of Fantasy Land or no s sorry some of uh that old round show Zako Zoko and then this is uh Thunder Mountain. >> So do you think they pushed the train >> in Galaxy's Edge out? >> They No, they pushed they actually >> No, they actually pushed it in. >> Oh, >> see this little bend right here? >> Yeah. >> So that was done for Galaxy's Edge. So, here is there's the bend. And if you go back and look, it originally was like right here straight. >> Right. Well, I do remember that. But >> how are they able to fit all that in over there? Didn't look like it would fit. >> No, there's there's I think they've got it. They just fit really well. This I don't think this has changed much. >> I guess we can leave if that's >> Yeah, we can. Yeah. Sorry. Anyway, >> that noise. >> Yes, >> we can leave. I'll get right out of here. >> I am excited for this. I can't wait. Fire. Fire. Oh, wait. Wrong thing. Wrong thing. >> Oh, from the Little Mermaid. Okay. >> The alarm was We >> I don't know. We walked up to a display and looked at it and it started ringing. >> We We were still 2 feet from it. We never touched it. >> Little hoppers. Look. >> Yeah. >> Cute. >> You want to tell her there's an alarm going off? Wait, wait a second. >> Yeah, we we have it covered. No worries. >> Yeah, of course. Thank you. >> I got it. I figured it. >> Yeah, >> talk talk over the alarm. I've heard it's copyrighted. Yeah, >> I'm sure it is. real Oscar right there. >> Imagine being here for like two hours. >> Oh, wow. >> Isn't that cool? >> Yeah. >> Walt Disney Productions. >> That's awesome. >> It's hard to see, but that's what it says. >> Walt Disney Productions. 20,000 Leaves Under the Sea. Best special effects. How fun. >> This is Ros's boarding seen on the Titanic. >> That's amazing. And Kella's biker is up there. >> Oh, fun. >> So, this one best costume. Well, they both won best costume for my costume. >> Best original score. >> Oh, cool. >> I only know how they look. >> Yeah, that's right. It's Hoppers. >> Dad said Hoppers showing that in here, too. >> Yeah, we can't do that. >> I hope they come out with them. I'm sure they will eventually. >> Yep. We'll ride some rides whenever the wait times go down a little bit. Here's Abraham Lincoln. >> What is this? >> Look, you got to remember on the stream, it's not super it's not super uh entertaining to just stand in a hourong line. If we could just run up there and get right on a ride, we definitely we definitely would. >> That's one reason. >> Yeah, it's hard to ride the rides. >> Yep. You have to do the the lightning lanes, >> which are one right now is 35 for um aliens. >> Alien. Okay, so here. >> And it was also just super hot. They called it Black Tuesday. >> Look how much. >> Hold on. I got to turn up my phone here. >> This is my niche. >> So there you can see the uh the bend. Not the bend. >> Four people. >> Just showing you how it all fits in. And so here you can actually see Matterhorn and Small World. And that's what was up there. >> Matterhorn, Small World, and a circus tent was what filled that area. Plus, the cars definitely bigger here, too. >> And then 20,000 Leagues. >> Kind of fits in the same area, but the the the car track went around it. >> And then down Oh, down here. No, actually, down here is not empty. >> That's That's Space Mountain. >> Oh, >> look at that. >> Oh, yeah. Cuz Space Mountain wasn't there when it opened. This is the train tunnel where there's like office buildings and stuff. And now it was nothing back then or it was I think it was a group picnic area for a while. >> Looks like they have >> Yep. >> So there you go. That's your Disneyland history lesson. >> Class dismissed. Just kidding. Don't go anywhere. >> I'm taking my allergy drops so I can But it means it makes the allergies worse for a while. >> Oh, really? cuz you take so what you do what it what they do is overexpose you to like the stuff you're allergic to >> and then you eventually your body just like learns to tolerate it. So that's what I'm doing but that means that it's a little I'm a little uh >> more uh more drainage than normal but eventually it'll be gone. >> Okay, that's good. >> Yeah, they're really bad right now. >> Well, it's probably not helping at the fact that I'm already exacerbating it. I'm already making it worse. But yeah, >> true. I even was getting a little and I don't the one I'm really allergic to is ragweed which hasn't started yet. >> Me too. >> Ragweed and dust white mice for me. >> Okay. And ragweed hasn't started yet. It's tree right now. >> Okay. >> But I still was getting a little stuffy the other day. >> Robert Warner OG. Uh 27 months of reser bronze. Had a great time at Disneyland. It's so fun to see the ride differences. Thanks again. Thanks for all you do. Thank you so much, Robert. Thanks for being a member for 27 months. >> I'm gonna actually stop in the back wherever >> So, the Pixar area is closed back there. I don't know what time it closes, but I'm glad they keep Walt Disney presents open a little bit longer. That's nice. They must be open till 8:00 cuz it's past 7:00 and they're still letting people in. So 8 or 7:30, I guess. Let's see. Attractions. >> Hi. >> We appreciate you guys. >> Oh, thank you. Appreciate it. >> Of course. Our pleasure. Thank you. >> And we're from Indiana, too. >> Oh, sweet. That's awesome. So, Walt Disney Presents is open till 8:30. Oh, that's nice. >> That is nice. 8:30. Yes, that was Glenn Miller on the soundtrack there. Now, we're heading into Toy Story Land, so we're going to get more of a Toy Story soundtrack here, but >> it's all right. How you doing? >> Chicken. >> One of the guys from laughing place. Really nice people. We met him. I met him on the uh the Destiny. Howdy, partner. It's >> the Roundup Rodeo. Still popular as always. Sky is pretty. >> You love the Toy Story, right? Which one? >> You like the Slinky Dog or you like the Midway Mania? Or maybe even Alien? I don't know. Yeah, if you guys are new, we um typically walk around the park and chat and just kind of show you what's new and talk about, you know, answer people's questions, how to get around and all those types of things. So, uh, and of course whenever we can ride rides, we do, but we aren't always able to do that because, um, you know, sometimes like like Menar said, the lines are so busy that it makes it difficult. The it's not as entertaining on a stream. People like the streams to keep moving. We try and keep moving if we can. But yeah, so that's what we're doing. I hope you're enjoying the stream. Usually if we're at Magic or Epcot, we're able to ride more things because the lines are less busy, but it is also spring break, which adds to the crowds. But we also thought, well, we haven't really been here for a while. We've been a lot of other places, so we just thought, well, we'll do this tonight and see what happens. I don't hear Slinky Dog operating. Yeah, Slinky Dog's a fun one, though. I enjoy it. Here's Midway Mania. Of course, Midway Mania used to have its entrance on the other side, so that was always fun. >> Yeah, I haven't seen Mr. Slinky Dog come around the corner for a while here. >> Hey, Edwin. Oh, Edwin, I got your email. I need to respond. Sorry. Or maybe I did. Did I? Sorry, it's been a busy week. >> Yeah, the plan is to watch the 10 o'clock Fantasmic so we have a little bit better chance of getting a good seat. >> That does definitely shut down. That's Andy's footprints. Oh, just as I say it, here he goes. Must have just come back up. 85 minutes on the app. Okay, so they must have just had a uh a brief delay then because there weren't any weren't any coasters launched for several minutes there. Usually, you'd see one within every, you know, a couple every minute, I think, is about the interval. Like every 30 seconds or 45 seconds, I'd say. Coasters generally run in break zones. So once one coaster once one train clears the one brake zone, then the other one can be launched just in case there's a problem. Then of course you can stop the uh the most recently launched coaster at the break zone and nothing nothing's in danger of hitting anything. That's how that works. But each coaster's got different brake zones and different capacity for how many trains can run at the same time. one. The smaller one like Barntormer can only run one at a time, but it can have one. It can have a couple trains in load load prep. There goes another one. Johnny was about to say the same thing. Yeah, I get it. There's Andy's footprints again. Uh Gail Gail sent $10. Happy almost Easter everybody from Moansy. Thank you Moansy for the uh $10 PayPal. We appreciate that. Thank you. >> Yeah. So I'll be live tomorrow at some point. Probably closer to lunchtime cuz I want to I'm pretty tired. I want to rest a little bit. I haven't gotten to sleep much the last couple days. Liam had a really early field trip on Thursday. I had to get up at 4:30 and have him at school by 6:15. >> Ever seems like a lot of coasters run at the same time. Yeah. >> Yeah, I think so. >> See, it does say 85. Okay. Thank you. All right. Let's go, honey. All right. See, it's still on. It was just uh just a little uh must be a little delayed. Of course, this this if you haven't seen it, this is part of the ride. The hang on. He does that every time. Here we go. >> So cool. >> I figured you'd figure out it was in Slinky somewhere. >> My favorite coaster at Disney probably Guardians. just so smooth. I told him I actually did Frozen instead of illuminations. Instead of Luminous, I did Frozen at the end of Tranquil Tuesday. And um I said, you know, we don't have to do Luminous every time. It also saves me about 12 copyrights to remove. But, you know, but people want to see Frozen. I was like, you know, the best time to do that will be during right, you know, like 8:59. So, yeah, like 15 20 minutes to get in. And then it was really good. They've got the new faces on the characters >> and they really looked awesome. Um, >> and then I somebody said, "Yeah, we should do Guardians next time." I said, "To me, Guardians is tranquil because um it's so smooth and and like I love just flying around the like I like coasters, so it's relaxing to me." >> I don't think it's going to be 15 minutes, though. I think it's still going to be about a 45 to 50 minute wait, >> even right at close. Yeah, it could be. They usually try and get them out of there though pretty quick once the Lightning Lane stop. It's pretty fast. Actually, I think I may use this restaurant. >> What? Oh, no. You can show that if you want. >> I'll be back. >> What is it? Just more seating. >> Uh, more seating and then covered seating, which they really needed in the summer. >> Yeah. >> So, guys, they've got the new seating over here all done. >> Let's head in and we'll check it out. Um, and there's just more seating, too, that they opened up, which is good. They really needed more seating in here. It's a very popular restaurant. I love the food here. But yeah, hard. It was hard to find a seat. More seating and then covered seating. Pretty cool. I used to love the uh pulled pork sandwich or the barbecue sandwich in here, but now it's a little spicy for me, which is too bad. >> But they have other things >> that are very yummy. >> Yep. Woody's lunch box. There's alien swirling saucer over here. This is one sometimes we can get on. It might not be as long. I don't know how long it is tonight. But thanks for 2,300 people in the chat tonight. Bop the like. We're we're 200 less than 200 away from uh 1,000 likes. So if you've not already bpped that like button, please go ahead and do so. Helps YouTube know you're enjoying the stream. Sorry, Catalina. I hope you feel better soon. Attention space rangers. Please stand up so we can hold on to all these items. Enjoy your world to infinity and beyond. >> Breakfast bowl. I've heard good things about it. I've never had it, but I've heard good things. Hey, Leaf. Hi, Amy. How are you? I don't know if Amy's there with you, but if she is, hi, Amy. Good evening, Purple Fire. Guys, if you have not seen my video, I put it out today. We usually don't post videos on a Friday. Um, but I wanted to get it out because it was uh Universal and HHN News. It's over on Adventures of Jennet and Dale. Posted it this morning and uh yeah, go check it out. We got to see a lot of new merch, including new HHN merch just dropped. Talk about some HHN. Um, a new house, the icons, and check out some Harry Potter merch and bunch of merch. New Universal merch. They have a new Universal Lounge Fly that lights up. You don't want to miss checking out all the merch and all the things, guys. Right here. Look. Focus, there it is. What's new at Universal in HHN news? Don't miss it. Who's excited for HHN? Let me know. I am so excited. Aliens says 25. Okay, good to know. We might wait a little bit for it to to go down. That's kind of long. But yeah, go over to Adventures of Jenna and Dale and go check out the video. >> Hi, Pamela. >> Have I seen the Stitch car window plush? Uh, yeah. And I bought them. >> See? Get it? And a merch. >> Greetings, fellow toys. I'm Buzz Lightyear. >> Hi. >> Assembled and prepared for maximum fun. >> Hey, Dad. HHN is so fun. Danny stepped away for just a minute. He will be right back. Don't worry. >> Thanks for popping the like button. All right, to Galaxy's Edge we go. >> And if we get to uh Smuggler's Run and they still single rider, I can do that one. Or >> actually, we should have gone there first. Uh sometimes ride single rider is nice, too. >> Okay. >> All right. All right. I've >> done that one a few times and it's it's been like it was David I think not too long ago. David Andy said maybe and and it was uh >> it was like >> I don't know what was it 20 uh >> 20 minutes too. >> Get ready. >> Is it? >> Yeah. New seats, new covers. Oh, >> nice. They need more covered seating. >> They are trying. They do need more seating. >> Uh-huh. Seating and covered seating >> away from the sun. >> The thing that's lacking at Disney at Disney World the most. >> Yeah, agreed. And I understand why they have magic because it just gets so crowded. >> It does. But you you got to take a a rest or you're not going to make it. >> And that's also why people are grumpy. >> Hopefully Villains Land will help um and Cars Land will help the uh crowding feel less. >> Yeah, I agree. You know, well, and also there's Buzz Lightyear that's down, Thunder Mountain that's down. Y >> So, two big rides. >> Well, and then the the boat >> river boat island which used to take people. >> Yeah. a lot of people that were not in favor of those rides. You used to say, "Oh, they don't take that many people." There's like a a couple hundred people on that boat. >> Oh, 100%. I love going on the boat. I miss it. >> I know. It's one of those rides you could do anytime. It was a great tranquil ride. And I just love >> That's the thing this park needs is a ride that you could always get on. >> Yes. >> I mean, I guess >> they were going to have one. They were going to have a little like people mover type thing here. I think there really a coaster or something. There's going to be a third ride here. >> Star Tours kind of, but we're not allowed to film it so. >> Okay. Depends on who you get. >> Yeah. >> Well, I'll tell you what. They had an R2 parade at Mega Con. >> Oh, that's cool. >> And I'm going to be uh I'm going to be definitely showing that on my vlog, too. >> Nice. >> There it goes. >> Liam got this. I won't show it on the stream yet, but Liam got my finger. Liam got this. >> Oh my goodness. >> It turns into this. A planet. Oh, wow. Okay, cool. >> It wasn't like >> Are you putting it on this channel or your retro channel? >> No, the the digital TV one. >> Oh, okay. >> I figured because it was kind of like, >> you know, somewhat theme park related. >> No, no, I just Yeah, that way I'll just premiere it right on this channel after my stream tomorrow. >> Cool. >> There you go. Hey, Mr. Carrie Small. >> We had a lot of fun. We weren't even planning on vlogging, but then I was like, well, we're going back a second day. Let's vlog it. >> Let's vlog it. >> Obviously, I couldn't vlog >> reading Peter Colin. They didn't allow any camera back there. Yeah. Well, you can put your picture in or No. >> Yes. >> Uh, you paid for it? >> Yeah, they sent us a digital copy. >> I'm not going to use it as a thumbnail, but I'll but I'll use a picture of Liam when I as a thumbnail. But >> they um >> but I think actually not having the camera made the interaction better. >> You know, people are less comfortable with the camera. >> And so he was just literally his true self. He was like he was like very grandfatherly and he's all dressed up. He goes, "Come here." And he grabbed him with a big hug and he was just so nice. >> Cute. Made his day, I'm sure. >> Yeah, he did. >> That's awesome. cuz the lady was trying to get the pictures moving and he was like not having it. He was like, "No, come here." He like gave him a hug. He's like, "No, I'm going to take a second with this." >> Oh, good. I'm glad he did. That's awesome. >> I'm glad Liam dressed up cuz that probably helped. >> Yeah. >> Wow. Look at their outfits. Holy moly. I thought they were cast members, but I don't think they are. >> Attention all be on the lookout for resistance spies. >> Oh, you're welcome. Canadian Disney family. >> First order area. >> Yeah, >> they had a whole Star Wars community set up there. Oh, in the back corner. >> Oh, that's cool. Do you see that mini hat? >> Yes, that's cute. >> That is adorable. >> I never thought >> Special Forces Tie Fighter. >> Yeah, I never thought I'd say that's adorable. >> Hey, cold cold coffee, warm beer. How are you? Happy Friday. >> There it is. Look at that. >> Oh, very cool area. Even storm troopers are up there. >> I kind of remember a little of that the year I went. That's cool. I'm glad they do that kind of stuff. >> And then this was there. >> Very cool. So yeah, >> the cast there that year cuz the year I was there, they were here. >> The what? >> The cast of Back to the Future. >> No, >> they did a whole panel. I didn't get to go to it. You had to sign up for it. Oh, that's cool. >> So anyway, watch this. Watch the video. >> Yep. Watch the video. >> Oh, but also blinged out R2. >> That's awesome. Oh my word. That had to take a long time. Wow. >> Hey, Nicole. >> Wow. Is this new first order? >> I don't know. >> Riot Controls Stormtrooper. >> Okay. From up here, all I could see was the gold. I thought it was C3PO, but it's totally not. >> No, it's >> Commander P. >> Yep. That guy. >> I only know that because it says it's on top. >> It's a gold stormtrooper. >> Yeah. >> Is that the Academy Award for the Stormtroopers? >> Yeah, it is. >> That's funny. >> Speaking of gold, I read something about the IU coach today, Netti. >> One of the guys showed up to practice with golden cleats on the first day and he ripped him a new one. >> What? >> Like, you're not special. We don't wear golden boots to my practice. They were like because he's like about business. He's like that's distracting. Nope. We're not doing >> I mean that he's not wrong. >> We're not here to show off. We're here to get work done. >> Yeah. >> That's how you win a championship, I guess. >> I guess so. >> I uh um saw somebody wearing a IU champion shirt the other day at Animal Kingdom. >> Oh, I need to wear mine. Yeah. I I bought one that I'm not sure I want to wear. The the one I bought the locker room one. >> Oh, cool. >> But it's like if you look at it, you're like, "This is the nicest t-shirt I've ever owned." >> That's awesome. It was expensive, but it's like >> good quality. Yeah. >> Yeah. Really good quality. I almost just want to hang it somewhere. >> You could you some people frame them. You could fold it and put it in a frame. >> That way, you know, it stays nice >> cuz it's so it's so cool cuz it's literally the ones they gave the guys right after the game. >> That's awesome. >> I mean, not this, you know, like they sold them to people for way too much money. >> Should we go up to your apartment and have some blue milk? >> I kind of want some blue milk. >> I forgot the key to my gate, though. >> A darn it. >> That looks like a That gate looks like a box spring to a mattress, doesn't it? A little bit. >> Um >> Yeah. with the spring and stuff. >> I think you could probably get a better one. >> Yeah, >> I need to get a new gate then. >> I could just hop over it. >> Oh, yeah. I think Yeah, I think you could. Although it probably go wee wee just like that one in the >> Exactly. >> But it's on video that we weren't close to. We didn't We didn't touch it. >> Then they knew. She's She was like, "Oh, we got it. Don't worry." >> Yeah, >> I figured they did. >> Wonder why. What happened? Did we like just waft some air into it or what? Apparently, he didn't like being called an enderman >> or just us looking at it. I don't know. >> Don't look at me. >> The curse. The curse is real. >> Sorry. >> Don't do it. >> Does that say 85? >> Believe it says 25. >> 25. >> A single rider. >> Wow. >> Not open. >> Oh, sad. This is pretty though with the light on it right now. >> It's a nice >> Very nice. Look, this planet has a moon like ours. >> Sure does. >> Rising moons. >> Oh, it's trying to take off. >> I have not, Matt. >> Even the lights are on the front of it while I was trying to take off. >> Oh, cool. >> Those weren't on before. Oh, the cockpit's lit up. >> Oh, wow. >> Pretty cool. >> You know what would be cool? If Chewy would go up in there sometimes. >> Yeah. >> Like if it was a way for him to go up there. Oh, he's right there. >> Disneyland. >> Did he? >> Yeah. Oh, he's over there. He can't go up there cuz he's over there. >> I know. >> That is awesome. >> Do you think he's got a line? Yeah, it looks like he has a line. No, maybe. I can't tell. Oh, yeah. He He is legit has a line. >> Yeah, it's a pretty good line. That's cool though >> cuz he used to just roam. >> Free roaming Chewy. >> Mhm. >> Dale was roaming earlier. He was playing uh rock paper scissors with a kid. It was so cute. >> Not Chip. Just Dale. >> I thought you meant your Dale. I was like, "Tell him to tell him to go back home and get to work." I was >> not my deal. >> The other deal. >> Let's go get everybody else. >> I love Chewy. Were you maybe you weren't there? Oh, no you weren't. The opening of Galaxy's Edge the So the morning we were live and then that night we went back in >> and it was just we filmed it. It was just me, Brit, Crystal, and Andrew. >> Yep. >> And um we did a vlog and I had the Chewy ears on and he came over to me and he pointed at him and he looked at me and I remember Crystal goes, "Don't worry, no Chewies were harmed in the making of the ears." >> Wow. >> It's fake. It's fake. >> No chew. That's right. Oh, wait. No, you're It did go up to 80. >> Wow. >> It's not even updated on the app yet. >> Or 60. >> 60. >> Still still high. >> It says 35 on here. >> Uh, yep. That's not right. So, >> I need to update this, I guess. >> Dale was roaming. Thanks for the live stream. You're welcome. >> Tower is 120. >> Everything got worse. That's fine. We're rolling. We roll. >> Yeah, we're good. We could even try a treat somewhere if we want do a treat tasting. >> But don't worry, we're going to show you Fantasmic at 10:00 the theater shows. >> Yep. >> Usually usually after first Fantasmic, it thins out quite a bit. >> Yeah, we can probably do Runaway Railway. >> The rides are open till 9:30. >> Yeah. You know, it's weird to me that the rides they don't keep them open till 10:00. >> Till 10. I know that, too. >> Cuz you have to stay in the park cuz Fantasmic's at 10. I figure that you're going if you're doing fantasmic, you're going straight to >> I guess it's just just odd. >> But the extra 30 minutes apparently was a problem. >> I guess too funny. >> All righties. So guys, if you'd like to book a trip right here to Walt Disney World, go check out our awesome sponsors, mickeyras.com. Mickeyvels.com. They will help you book your trip. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself. They help you book for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, book it with mickeyras.com. Also, go to mickeyblog.com for all of the latest Disney news. Is he still talking? >> I've heard him talk, but he's not talking right now. Must be sleepy. That's how much the uh how much we're not doing it. I don't even know how much the lightning link would have been for today. >> Uh yeah, it's kind of late now. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. $39. $40. >> $40. >> Yeah. 39. 40. So >> So expensive. >> I know. It's spring break. >> Yeah. >> Oh, they're both there, >> huh? >> Yeah. 39 is the top. Magic is also 39. That doesn't make any sense. Oh, I guess it'd be your first park. Okay, might as well just get the allp park one if you can. >> Yeah. >> But either way, so that was the thing. We used to actually every time we came to this park for a while, we do lighting links. It was only $15. You know, it's not not that much more than just part of a dinner. >> $40. >> Harder to justify 40. That's 80 for the two of us. >> For the two of us. Yeah. >> I mean, I guess next time if you just want to get it and I you know, whatever. >> We can figure it out. >> 15. I do it pretty much every time, >> right? He's cute. >> I guess that was the problem. Everybody was doing it, but who knows? >> Shut up. >> Who's that? >> What is this? >> He's so cute. >> I don't know. >> He moves. >> That looks like the elephant from Captain Eido. >> It does. $30. He moves. Yeah, he does. >> But is it Hoover? >> No, because it's Star Wars. >> Captain E. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. >> There's a lizard. >> Somebody Somebody on there knows who it is. >> Oh my word. Look at Darth Vader. >> Love that. Those are the bounty hunter nesting dolls. >> Oh yeah, that's cool. Yes, we are doing the springtime surprise and we're doing it for charity. Oh Josh, look at him. >> He's so cute. >> Nice. >> Remember the large one we saw? >> Yes. >> U Max Rebo band leader in Return of the Jedi. Well, >> thanks Brit. >> Thanks Brit. >> So yes, we are doing the springtime surprise. go to the link that Josh has pinned at the top of the chat if you would like to donate to um Experience Camps and that's who we're running for and you can check them out. It's for um kids that are grieving um a parent or a sibling or a caretaker and they um let them go to this they have them um stay at this camp and just get to be kids again and they have counselors and uh bereavement times and it's a really really cool thing. So you guys could go check it out again. Experience camps. >> I know what those are. >> That is a giant bobcat. >> Here it is again. >> No way. Can I show it? >> Yep. That is that that one? It looks like it. >> Yeah. >> Cool. >> So, this is a cool display with the speeder and everything. >> Nice. >> I talked to one of the guys that built some of these and uh he's he's an expert in making things look old and worn. >> Oh, okay. >> So, he had an R2-D2 that was all black and battle. >> Oh, wow. >> And so, he said like that's his specialty is making them look I was like, "Yeah, it doesn't make any sense if they look new because they've all been in battles and stuff." >> Yeah, exactly. >> His grin kind of creeps me out. >> Yeah. Okay. >> So, that's a loft cat and this is a loft cat or is that something? >> I don't know. That must be something. >> We need Brett. He's the expert Star Wars. >> Uh, no, it's a different thing. >> Okay. >> Name my doll. Type man. Home planet unknown. Diet. Omnivore means it eats plants. >> Okay. >> No. Omnivore means it eats both. >> Herbivore is plants. >> Yeah. >> Omnivore is both plants and animals. Yep. Carnivore is just meat. >> People are omnivores. >> Yes. >> So, it will eat >> Oh, good to know. >> And then it'll then it'll have a then it'll have some lettuce. >> Some lettuce salad. >> Then it's salad time. Oh my word. He's heavy. >> He's heavy. >> Yeah. >> I wonder if he does something. He's $54.99. >> Well, here the cat is carnivore. >> Oh, yep. Yeah. Brett says, "Yeah, two different creatures." Thanks, Brit. >> I wish Brick could have gone to Mecca Con. He would have loved the displays they had. >> Oh, I'm sure. >> And just all the people dressed up. >> He's I think he's been to what? Comic-Con? Is that the one out in California? Okay. >> Not too far from them to see. >> I mean, it's far enough, but it's closer than here, >> right? It's in California. >> Yes, it's in the same state. >> Yes. >> They have one of those, too. The speeder speeder thing bike. >> Fun. >> Somebody built one you can sit on. >> That's crazy. And I also got a video of there was you know the the droid with the long or the the Star Wars like I don't know Empire person with like the long helmet. The one the one that like Brit knows. I don't know. >> He's the type of he's an Empire guy. He's the one that you see when they when they when they pull the pull the big lever to to shoot the Death Star. >> I'd have to see a picture. >> Somebody had a somebody had a costume like that. >> Wow. And then there was like a it was like almost like a pilot's position in a in a madeup like sorgh and they told Liam he had his Optimus costume on. They said here you should sit here. >> And then the guy who was playing in the costume he looked at and he goes >> and he goes >> like he's shaking his head no like what is this thing you know? Like you know I don't understand this. >> And I looked at him. He looked at me like what is that? And I said he's from another planet. It's fine. And he goes okay. But then I looked at Alien. I said Optimus can you fly this thing? And he goes no. And then the guy goes and then he did it again. He's like, >> "No, >> that's funny." >> Yeah. >> But everybody was so nice there. They all like just having fun playing around. >> I love that. >> It's like a big Halloween party cuz everybody's dressed up. And uh Brett says, "Death Star Gunner." >> That's it. Thank you. >> And he also said, "Yes, I've been to Comic-Con and Wonder Con. Comic-Con is an epic epic experience, but very crazy crowded." >> Yeah, I bet. Mega Con's crazy crowded, too. The time I went, >> number two, >> is it really? Wow. It's very very close to Comic-Con as being number one. >> I heard it draws in like >> 3,500 people or something or or more. Maybe 55 >> 35,000 or more. >> Oh, thousand. >> Oh yeah. No, Comic Mega Con has tons of people. >> Okay, then I read it wrong. >> Wish we were down there. Miss you guys. Jason, Erica, Carly, and Aubrey. Oh, you're It's Jason. >> Oh, hey Jason. >> How's it going? I was like, hang on. Wait. >> Wait. What did he say? I missed it. He just said, "Wish we were down there. Miss you guys." >> I wish you were down there, too. Miss you, too. >> Yeah. It would be great to see you guys. >> Single rider. >> Shall we? >> I guess so. I've never done it. >> Let's do it. >> All right. I'm going to hand you this cuz you know, it's easy peasy. >> Okay. >> All right. We have to go. >> Where do we go? >> Lightning lane or single rider this way. >> Single rider is all the way down to the left. >> Perfect. Let's do it. the way to the left. >> They used to not have a sign out here, so less people knew that it was there. We'll see if it's I know the line pretty well. So, if it's like way too far back, then we won't do it. But if it's reasonable, we'll do it. >> It's over here to the left. >> Oh, like the exit, but you go left. >> Hello. >> Yeah. You guys will be separated and it is a modified experience. >> Thank you. It's nice to tell people that you do miss part of it. >> Shall you? Annette says, "Yeah, I know Adam's there." Mega Con has more attendees, but I believe the venue is larger. Comic-Con limits attendees because of space. Ah, I see. That's pretty cool. Yeah. Let's see how far it moves. It's not It's not >> It doesn't go very far inside. So, we can kind of see. >> It's kind of right around that corner there. So, let's just see how fast it moves. All right. But yeah, Jason, it's good to see you. >> Uh, let me see if I can Oh, I've already got the Wi-Fi on. Well, there we go. Look at me being smart ahead of time. >> Yeah, it didn't it didn't turn off. >> Yeah, you have to make it turn off. >> All right. I might get >> Where does it come out at? >> Oh, um in the um in the uh >> the um hanger. >> Oh, >> you start right in the hanger. So, you're like super super close. Have you ever waited back here before? >> Uh, a little further up usually. >> There's Rex. Rex was there. >> A, that's cool. >> I don't know how people used to be. Now it's >> what? >> Sorry. Thank you. Going to wait a little bit and see how fast it goes. >> I was thinking about going to that that Star Wars >> cafe. >> I only have two. >> Oh, here we go. >> This is This is This I'll show you first. >> Sean R2. That's Battlecard R2. >> I'm trying to pull it up. I can't pull it up. >> Here's the guy I'm talking about right here. Do they have a cafe? >> The lady said, "Yeah, you can sit down." >> Crazy. >> So, wait, do people pay for these spaces? >> Set all this up. >> That's funny. >> You know, I just think it's so funny as soon as like the oil goes up. >> It's this guy. >> You think it's funny? I think it's funny. >> Wait, hold on. Let me go back. >> So, people pay for these spots. You know how that works? And they just set it up for people to enjoy. >> I'm not sure how that works. >> There we go. Right here. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Definitely hitting buttons. >> Sure. >> Hope he's not the one firing the Death Star. He looks a little halfhazard. >> So, Brit, is that who it is? Is that what they called? >> Anyway, forever. >> Yeah, we can do whatever. I don't know. >> I can't remember how far it is. >> It has to be like faster than 60 minutes. >> That's Star Gunner. That's awesome, Brett. >> Very cool. >> I just never seen anybody dressed in that costume before. >> Yeah. Would you touch it? >> Wait, if I sit on the ground and I do that, I can touch my toes. But I can't stand. I can only do it here a long time. >> No. I wonder how long. >> Are they in like 3 5 minutes? >> Oh, okay. >> Yeah, not that bad. >> I would estimate. I've done this before. I would I would >> too long. >> No, they're like right in front of us. >> I would estimate that it might be might be 20 minutes maybe from here. 25 maybe. Yeah, it's definitely shorter than the regular line because you don't but you don't get to see the whole thing. You come out in the hanger if you've done it before. >> So, you skip all the pre-shows. >> But yeah, >> like the pre-show >> Imperial Reaper technician, but everyone calls it and this action figure is Death Star Gunner. Okay, cool. >> Usually I mean obviously at night though we don't need a spacecraft. >> Yes, >> it looks like an airplane. back in the future. Yeah, I started training for the run. Yes. Yes, I did. >> I ran a mile and a quarter the other day. I'm going to run a little bit more this weekend. >> I should be okay. >> Race. So, yesterday I did two. >> Oh, good. Two miles. >> Yeah, >> I did it. Oh, okay. I did a 12 mile runwalk. So, that's not too bad. Or or sorry, not 12 mile, 12 minute runwalk mile. >> I I you actually >> Yeah, 12 miles would be really good. I don't have to That's double what I have to run for real. That's >> Stormtrooper room. Yeah. >> Yep. It's another name for >> it. Okay. No, I said why? You should ask her. >> No, she said she said she said go inside the jail cell. >> 12:40 a.m. I can't stay awake any longer. Okay. Good night, Josie. and she walked up. >> I don't know. We can wait however long. I'm not sure what to do. >> And the one in the one hand, I know people want to see it, but in the other hand, people don't want to wait in the line either. So, we >> we can't do both. I love running, but at the ripe age of 37, it hurts my knee now. Oh, yeah. >> Pivoted to lifting. Yeah. I'm 46, but it it you know, it's a >> I'm still able to do it, but it's obvious. >> Yeah. Otherwise, every other ride is slammed other than Star Wars. >> One Direction. >> Five minutes. >> You want to watch a BTS? They just came back. They just came back from the army. >> Hey, did you hear that they raised the >> That's not a moon. >> That's a space station. >> 42 years old now. >> That's how old you can be. >> I still miss him. Good thing you're >> missing. No, why not? >> Really? Every time we talk about >> Oh, yeah. Because I'm I know I know where I'm going to be. I know my position. >> Yeah, you guys I know where I'm going to work. >> But there's no one >> No, I work with the computer. >> Yeah, but >> No, you go into your own line. >> It's usually shorter than the other one, but it's like So, it's in that same area that there's two lanes and the single is one side now. >> So, yeah. >> Yeah, it could be a little while. We'll see. I don't know. I really like it. >> It still hasn't hasn't moved, so I guess it might be. >> It looks really bright. >> Does anyone know if it's possible to get a cast member preview bracelet if you don't know a CM? I I don't know. >> Probably not. >> If you want to go to a cast member preview, but you don't know a CM. >> No. Yeah. Yeah, I can know the CM. >> You can go to Coca-Cola. I always want to go there. >> You know what's so annoying? I was searching up the zoo, right? And then I see pictures of my panda. I'm like, "Oh my gosh, they have pandas." Turns out that their contract expired two years ago, so they don't have pandas. They had four pandas and they took them all away. >> I thought only we're about to move. Let's see if we get inside. >> I didn't know. >> No, I didn't know. >> I have no Oh my gosh. I think only >> No, they took it away cuz they were only >> only. >> No, but they took away the pandas. I'm not sure. They still have >> my first time. >> I forgot. You have to walk by the You get to walk by the uh star the little the ship outside. >> That's where you go. And then there's like a side door and you go through this like office looking hallway. >> Non- themed area. >> Jenna needs to experience this ride. Oh, she's done it. Yeah, she's done. She's done it. Yeah, >> she did it on opening day. That's right. >> She just hasn't done this this single rider. That's the only thing she hasn't done. That's the That's the get on the ship. All right. So, I'm wondering >> Oh, we're going. >> I don't I don't think it's going to be that bad. We'll be inside pretty soon. >> There you go. All recruits must be on board now. Transport is away in 30 seconds. So, >> it's not bad from here. Right around the corner. So, the hanger is right in there. >> Okay. >> They moved quite a bit just now. >> And then it just like all the sound stops. >> Apparently, the >> buzz is not technically open. Yeah, it's not open yet. They said that um >> I talked to Jamie, one of our hoppers, and he said that it's still the pre-show still wasn't working when he went on it. >> The Buzz Lightyear, the pre-show still wasn't working yet. At least maybe now, but when he went on it, it wasn't. I didn't see anything about passholder previews for it. >> Yeah, I would have >> probably noticed this year, so that's nice. >> At least the AC for a little while. >> Yeah. I think what do you mean we're not going to stop? >> Yeah. So, I don't know what they were. >> Yeah, I will. Did you tell me what >> now? So, we're in the line for Rides at a distance single rider. We're just waiting for our turn to go into the hanger and then we'll be in the regular line. Sort of. Not really, but still. >> We should be on the ride probably within 15 minutes. I'd say maybe 15 20. Yeah, it's not too bad. >> Depends how many odd parties they have. >> Right. We need more. Well, it's easier with this one cuz they need to make groups of six. >> So, or is it eight? >> Eight. So, that's harder to get. >> So, they'll try like they'll try one time. The rule is like, okay, you got party of four. They'll be like, "All right, they'll look for a group of two or four." Or if they get four and three, okay, single. You know, they'll just keep going. >> April, >> they asked to do April 22. >> Why? because I can't do the other >> was painted beautifully and the line has a new wall. Love the new blasters. Nice. >> Yeah, I can't wait. >> Jamie that we talked to said that the uh the um >> blasters made the spinning irrelevant because you can just point the gun wherever you want. >> I was like, I still spin for fun. brush. >> Unless you want to do it on the 31st. >> Oh, this is really cool. We're right behind the scenes. >> Unless you want to do 31st. I've never been there like that. >> 31st. >> Yeah, 31st might be Saturday. >> March. >> No, no, I don't want to do March. So the only time we can do is in April, >> but it has to be the 22 because I have to do it after the 15th cuz I have to present. >> March 31st is a Tuesday. >> Yeah. >> I don't I want to I'm going to I don't want to drive there and come back like that. That's tiring. >> I look daddy. This is all what they have available. >> Chat died, I guess. >> So why can't we do it like on a Monday? >> Hold on, guys. >> We're here. >> Yeah. >> No, the the rest of the thing's working. It's just it died. Oh, there it goes. There it goes. >> Going to be out. say that >> on the 28th. >> So, let's do April. We shift. >> It's back. >> No, I'm going to be out on April 28th. >> And I can't I don't want to do it before cuz I have to do a presentation shift. >> You want to drive? >> That's what all my friends do before. >> Yeah, I would laugh. >> But isn't there the four of us that drive? >> Yeah, but I don't want to sit in that car. >> That lady came in told us where to go. all cuz I was talking to all my friends. They all said that they just drove up there and came back. None of them stayed. >> I don't know. Mickey's eyes are everywhere. >> You can't find any other days. >> Look, this is the only day. >> I mean, I don't I'm not >> We can do the third. >> I thought y'all were already like >> Yeah. Would it be cool if they like made a special like thing that was different? >> Yeah, it's best to do April 3rd and they come back on April. >> Okay. Cuz I have also Martin's birthday on the 4. >> Stay in line. Don't fall behind. >> Stay in line. Don't fall behind. Everybody else wait here. Single riders, stay in line and do not stop. >> It's fine. They were talking really, really loud. >> She's like screaming. He's right next to you. I'm like, "Use your inside voice, girl." >> But I can't do it on the 18th. I'm like, "Oh my gosh, please talk softer." >> All right, the rest of you step over. >> Land up along the wall right here. >> Along the wall here. Along the way here. Well, >> pretty good. We got a lot of you. >> This is quite the view. >> A lot of salmon kids, a lot of purple kids, a lot of blue kids. >> Do you like my hat? >> Do you all know each other? The different colors? >> Um Oh, colors? >> No. >> Oh, just the salmon. >> Just the salmon. >> Whose hat's better than my hat? >> I kind of do like his hat better. >> Does he got a point? >> Did you play an instrument going up? >> Yep. >> Instrument. >> If you can guess right, I'll let you go. >> No. No. percussion. >> Trumpet >> classical guitar. >> Oh, >> man. Man, >> you almost got kicked out. >> A little flamco. >> I can't say. That'd be funny, though. >> Can you guess what he plays? >> I could. >> All right. What did I say? >> I don't know. >> Brett says, "Take out those troopers through the back seat. You might be able to grab their weapons. It might grab their weapons. You might be able to escape." >> Says, "Take out those troopers and grab their weapons. You might be able to escape. That's right. >> That's a good point, Brit. >> Yep. They don't see us. >> I never get to stand here this long. >> This is cool. >> You should make this ship. I'm not going to >> says that was her inside voice. >> Yep. >> My duty is to watch. That's right. >> What concert do you have? have a load console, a technician console, power console as well. >> They're asking about a load console, a technician console. >> Oh yeah, they should have a real person in the storm trooper suit. That would be hilarious. failed. >> So, these actually, by the way, these actually move a little bit. >> Watch. >> So, how'd you get this roll? >> Born here. >> How'd your parents make? >> I'm going to I'm going to tell you. >> I never met my parents. >> I'm going to tell you a little. >> I mean, either. >> They've got a game called Rainbow Six Siege that's better than that. >> I love that you guys are fighting now. It makes the interrogation easier. >> Yeah. I love getting interrogated when we >> say I think >> I think so. >> Are you also? >> Yeah, he uses my basketball. >> You can see there's online there's like a video about it. >> I was driving. >> You don't have a permit? >> Not yet. >> No wonder you got in trouble. >> Exactly. That's what I'm saying. And then I ended up with you. But you're a pretty cool guy. >> Dare ask where you're from. >> You may ask where I'm from. >> You're not a bat local. >> No, I'm back in like >> where Stephar >> Globe Party. >> Yeah. is >> uh I'm guess New York. >> No, he said >> they do have real troopers in the afternoon round three. I didn't know that. That's cool. >> Maybe we get off. Your thoughts on Pokemon Go. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Pokemon Go. >> Anything good? >> Uh yeah. I got an aerody >> Oh, well you would have >> turn the lights back on. There's a switch right there on the wall. >> There you go. >> Turn it back on. Turn it back on. >> The top one. The top one. One more time. There you go. >> Sometimes power doesn't work out there. >> Yeah. >> Send them all out the air locking. >> 40 seconds. I'll give him some. >> Nice. >> I mean, it's so close. >> Oh, is that the entire >> Does it take a big a big push to get through the force field or how does that work? >> Oh, yes. >> Yeah, big push. >> Well, the tractor beam helps. >> Okay, >> true. All right, single riders. We got this looked right here. Stay in the line. Don't fall behind. >> All right, spies. Follow me and only. >> All right. This might be hard. >> Thank you. Not too bad. >> Not too bad, though. >> Remind me to put this out of wide angle. One time I put it in wide angle because there's more to see here. And then I got to fantasmic. I was like, why isn't my zoom working right? It will zoom in this mode. It just looks horrible. >> Yes, after the ride. >> This This phone's wide angle is way better, though. It's like It's got actually good low light for wide angle. No, she was like like you. >> Tell them I know where the secret rebel base is. Yeah, I will. I'll tell them that right now. >> Tell them you know where the secret rebel base is. the car, right? Don't say it. Don't say it. >> Target >> for Target. >> Yeah. even report to 3R level two for deployment supervision. >> Yeah. Oh, all the all the ducks. >> Not all of them. Yeah, Donald. Debbie says, "Thanks for doing the single rider. Thanks for doing the ride. I love single rider." Yeah, it'll be by the time we get on the ride, it'll be less than half an hour. So, I guess that's not too bad for rides. >> I don't remember when we got like was it 40 or 30? >> All we have to do is rewind. >> Yeah, about 25 minutes. >> Uh, a little less. We walked into the line 23 minutes ago according to the stream. >> So, >> we're almost there. >> And this is the longest I've ever waited in this line. >> Really? >> Yeah. Usually it's not that Usually it's not that far back at spring break. >> Lucky me. So we can try to put too many. >> Yeah, I'll just put it back. >> It's a nonwide. >> Thanks, Emora. I don't think he's on his phone, but I think we have 1 hour 30. Are you sure? office. >> Did you hear the announce? >> No, I mean I think I got an email about it. >> Oh, I don't >> I Okay, I did hear that. >> I always think like Art the Clown. >> Yeah. No, he was last year. He was fun. >> I heard they're bringing him back. >> That's what they said. Yeah. The Crepit Carnival. I did read that. They sent us a media thing about it. >> Nice. >> Yeah. They just ignore us. Wow. This ride, the line went down to 40 minutes for this ride. >> Single liner. >> Single liner. >> Single liner. >> I releer. >> It'll go back up. Toy Story Mania's or sorry, Alien's 50. This is less than Alien. >> Worth the wait. Yes, it is worth the wait for this ride. I concur. >> S okay. Waiting in line is part of the experience. Yeah, it is. We can't. >> So, if we don't get on the same one, I'll see you after. >> Yeah. >> But >> Oh, sometimes sometimes I do. >> Yeah. >> You're really going to love Disney movie magic. Oh, we've seen that before. It's a good one. It's a good one. I'm >> surprised the lines haven't gone down more considering that Fantasmic's going to start in 30 minutes. >> Oh, you're right. >> The first Fantasmic. >> That just shows how many people. >> Yeah. >> Jeez. Again. >> There was one of those in Iowa not a few years ago. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> She went after a golf club or something. >> How poetic. >> Oh, after his car. >> But the other one. >> Hi. We're going home. >> This guy, the guy who played um Strickland. >> Oh yeah. >> On Yeah. He passed away today. >> James Tolken is his name. How is the pool if he doesn't wait for the main exams? But the only problem is not as >> Yeah, we're going to go on dark. My brother. >> Hey Louise. >> Say hi to Victor. Wait >> for an hour. >> Wait. >> That means they weighed less than us. I don't know. >> I mean, it says it still says >> 40 minutes right now. >> That's crazy. It could be. Yeah. >> No. >> That would be 10 minutes. Yeah. There's no way. >> Maybe. There's no idea. Okay, fine. Let's go to March 25. Oh my gosh. We have to do it at 7:30 a.m. >> No, we're very close >> for orientation. >> But you're the one who wants to go, so you can't complain. >> I didn't want to go there. You're forced to go to say, >> huh? Impossible. How many >> when I travel? That's how you do it. So that's the easy. I'm not going to put I'm not going to put the flight soon if you're going to drive the side. >> So, how you going to get there? How many? >> Good job, Odd Numbers. Come on, Odd Numbers. Come on, Odd Numbers. on the wall. >> No, I say my pie. You're with me along the wall. How many? How many? >> Almost there, guys. >> How many behind that? >> Four. Four. Four. Two. And two. >> We might be at one. All right. Four. >> All the even numbers. >> Four. Two >> and two that way. >> How many here? >> Three. Okay. One. Leave it. >> That's a line. How many here? >> Why do we like that number today? My five. I'm going to have you take a step to the side here. >> Two. Yes. I like that number. How many? >> Four. >> Four. Fantastic. That's what I need. A lot of the wall. How many? >> I'm going to have a three. >> Four. >> Three and four. Follow me. >> How many? >> 13. >> 8. Five. Eight along the wall. Five on the center line. Eight along the wall. Five on the center line. It's a 13. Where's the end of my 13? >> How many behind the seven >> on the wall there? Single pile one on that center line. >> Bye. >> Good luck. That's all right. We got to wait together, guys. It was fine. >> We're almost there. My one lonely spy and your friends are absolutely making. >> All right. Now, all of you are going to turn face to me and say attention. Take a look at these colors and remember that you need only keep track of one solidity. It should be simple, right? Well, that's what I was hoping until I met all of you. And now expectations are at an all-time low. Don't lower them further. >> Got it. >> Got it. >> I doubt it. Now, bags, backpacks, and anything of the sort, you're going to remove them. >> Hold them in your hands. Same goes for anything on your head, including anything to do with that rat you all say. >> Thanks. You too. >> What's it been 30 something years since he died? >> Let him go. is so much cooler. >> What is that? >> The symbol gives it away. >> What color? >> Blue and red. Get out of my sight. Find your colors inside. >> He was talking about Kylo Ren. I was going to be What you mean Ben? >> Good old Ben. over here. >> Mama, we're in prison. >> Oh, yeah. They give you colors and then it's too dark to see them. >> Can't see what they are. >> Enemies of the First Order. We will soon snap out your meager resistance. You chose the wrong side. And now you will pay the resistance prisoners. You have what I want. >> You know the location of the secret base, and I will take it from you. >> You're needed on the bridge. >> Keep the prisoners here. I will return to finish this personal end. Something or teach something. Stay back. Stay back. This is officially a breakout mission. We got to break out quickly. They're coming back any minute. Come on, guys. Let's go. Let's move. We got to go. You're in the front. You're in the >> We have the recruits. >> Wait, you're still here? Coming back with an attack force. Get to the escape pods now. Lieutenant, we need to find a way. Yes. Anything else? Turn your heads. >> Okay. >> Take this corridor to the turbo list. Then head down to the escape pod base maze. Those droids are programmed to return you to Batu. Hurry and don't get caught. We have a medical guide you. >> Recruits, for your safety, stay seated with seat belts securely fastened. Keep hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the transport and supervise your children. >> Tell them it's a prisoner transfer. Did it work? >> Good. Now get a move on. >> There's a clear path to the turbo lift at the end of the hallway. Turn right. The pro droid. >> You're lucky it didn't spot you. Take those turbo lift and stay out of trouble. >> Hey, you're not authorized. Wait, they're both the president. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Attention all resistance personnel. Abandon ship. I repeat, abandon ship. The destroyer of battle. >> There's no escape. You will tell me the location of the secret base and then I will destroy you and your resistance. You got to get close, don't you? Okay, you're clear. Your escape routs came in a little off target. Ground crews will meet you outside the wreck. All right. Nice job, recruits. Not what you signed on for, but hey, your resistance now. I think I have that authority, right? Beck, where's the lieutenant? I need eyes on Beck. Nine. Stand for his spot beacon. escape pods down at sector 4. Verification heading from key command. Lieutenant. I should hope so. Great job, recruits. Thanks to your heroism, the location of the resistance base is secure. Bravo. >> Yes, R5. You, too. All right. Awesome. Yeah, apparently I need AT&amp;T for that one, but I'm not going to buy a cell phone service for one ride um anymore. But they um they um they had a uh they have Wi-Fi, but it just wouldn't connect. So, I forgot. I guess I'm going to have to borrow your regular phone for the AT&amp;T hotspot for that next time. It just doesn't work on T-Mobile anymore. They used to. >> And then there used to be Wi-Fi. >> Your real phone for the AT&amp;T. Yeah. >> So, I got rid of it cuz I got hired paying 80 bucks a month for literally that ride, Mermaid, and Spaceship Earth. >> And Spaceship Birth actually works mostly on T-Mobile. Like that's a lot of money for two or two or three rides. >> So anyway, all right, we're all good now. Let me switch it to just regular signal. So I'll be right back. >> All right, awesome, guys. >> Yep, it's night time now. Yep. >> I'll hand it to you for a little while. It's okay. >> About 30 minutes until the show on Chinese Theater. >> I think it starts at 9. I read >> there's one before that. >> Oh, really? On the app. I think it just said nine. Okay. >> Yeah, there's one that's not listed on the app. >> Oh, interesting. All right. Well, then I guess we should walk that way. >> Yep. >> Welcome in, everybody. Hi, classy Disney mom. >> It is definitely a unique ride for sure. >> Um, well, let's see. I talked about Mickey travels, so let's talk about resort tv1homes.com. If you guys are wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, check out resorttv1homes.com. Brokered by EXP Realy. Go over there, fill out the information form. We'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Again, resort tv1homes.com. Go check us out. Hi Kit, how are you? Uh, movie magic 8:40. World of animations at 9:00. Okay, thanks Amara. So, yeah, we should probably head that way. >> Yeah. >> 8:23. Ooh, they they extended the wall. >> Yeah, they did. 2319. >> There's a 2319. That's a 2319. >> Wow. Crazy. Crazy. Hey, Isabelle. >> Oh, awesome. John, enjoy Indiana Jones. >> Man, it's been so long since I've been to Disneyland. I miss it. >> Yeah, it's been a while. I was just there in July. >> You were 2022, I think, was the last time, right? Was that when the 100th anniversary was? We went for opening of Nintendo World I think in 23, wasn't it? >> Oh, was it 23 for Okay. Yeah, you're right. You're right. It was 23. >> So, it's been 3 years cuz it was February of 23. >> Brit says, "I think a return trip is in order." I do, too. >> Sometime sometime. Got to save those pennies. Maria Hall says, "Where's the sock? 2319. >> Shall we go this way? >> Hi, Cindy Rose. How are you? We got 2004 in the chat. That was a good year. >> Yeah. >> 2004. 1100 likes. Wow. Thanks everybody. Muppet. >> Oh, they moved the gelato stand from inside there to over here. Okay. >> Where was it? >> It was right inside Muppet's courtyard. >> Oh, got it. >> The meeting of Mickey and Minnie has been closed >> for the evening till 8. Gotcha. >> It was February 2023. first uh that's when I saw you for the first time. >> That's right, John. I remember that in DCA. >> My lightsaber in the same pouch as my ch container. >> What does 2319 mean? So, it's from Monsters, Inc. Um it's when they like have an article of clothing from a kid or you know, humans and they think it's contaminated. Excuse me. >> Of course. Yeah. >> Hi. Yeah. Nice to meet you. >> Yeah. >> This phone look up at the Look at the tree branches. Like this phone does crazy things in the day. >> Wow. Very nice. >> Very nice. >> Do you think Monsters Inc. Roller Coaster will be virtual queue when it opens? I'm assuming so. Most of the new rides when they've been opening have been virtual, too. >> Yeah, I think they usually start that way. >> Yep. And it's smart. It's a good idea. >> I don't know. Part of me thinks so. And part of me thinks that sometimes people that are maybe less techsavvy or less park savvy will miss out on those rides when they would have just said, "Oh, well, it's long haul. Just wait for >> No, you're not wrong. I mean, that's kind of how it is, too. Like let's say they do ticket releases, you know, of things and you want to get a ticket and you can't because like Run Disney, they sold out of all the marathon races and a ton of people didn't get them. >> Yeah. >> Where some people would just be like I don't know cuz before the internet, how did you get it? How did you sign up for it? >> I guess you had to call somebody. >> Yeah. >> Good question. >> Where if you live in town, I would be happy to just go to guest services and be like, I would like to run the 10K, you know? And speaking of that guys, we are doing a fundraiser for the 10K coming up springtime race or springtime surprise race. Um, and we are running for experience camps. So, uh, Josh posted the link. It is pinned to the top if you guys would like to donate to this amazing charity that helps out kids that are grieving either losing a parent or a sibling or a caregiver. um really really cool cool charity and uh we'd love for you guys to check them out, share them out and uh donate if you can. They would they would really appreciate it. It's a really really good charity. Wow, there's nobody here. >> What? >> There's nobody here. >> Yeah. >> Hi, Christian. >> About 10 minutes till the show. >> Well, we can stroll a little. Um Jay, I don't think we're going to stream the race. A 5K would be much easier to stream. 10Ks. >> Even me as as kind of like I have I like to always do more or do too much, but I feel like it's my very first time racing. Yep. >> I probably shouldn't. >> Yeah, agreed. >> Um I'll have I'll have the GoPro. >> Yeah, we'll film. We'll do a vlog. That's much easier. You can take breaks. It It's harder than you think, especially for your first one, you know, just uh get the lay of the land and enjoy. >> Yeah. >> Just walk down the street or what do you want to do? >> Yeah, just walk down the street. >> Okay. >> Our our neighborhood uh has a little circle in between the lakes and it's about half a mile around. >> Oh, cool. >> So, I can do some I can do laps of that and see how far I go. >> Nice. I might have to come come join you one night cuz we don't have very good places to run. And it's nice there because it's completely away from cars. You just run. >> That's nice. See, I'm afraid in my neighborhood cuz they have there's lots of dogs and some people don't keep them on on leashes and they're big. Um so kind of scares me to run cuz you know when when you run a dog's instinct is to chase you. >> Yeah. >> So >> if Dale can't come with me, I usually just run on the treadmill, >> which is not as fun. >> No. You guys are adorable. >> That scared me. I was like, what is that noise? >> Well, thanks for joining us tonight everybody. Really appreciate it. You know, it is really not busy right now because everybody is in. >> Yeah. And we are going to be showing the 1000 p.m. Fantasmic if if you guys want to and if you're going to stay up for it. That's our plan. >> Yo, fans, we invite you to join us for Disney Movie Magic, a celebration of Disney live action films in just 10 minutes. >> Dying to meet you guys. >> What's your name? >> This is Zack. >> Zack. Happy birthday. >> Thank you. >> You're welcome. >> We wanted to track you down. A I was literally my dad was watching you and I was excited to see you. >> A well, thank you for watching. Did you want to say hi on the street? Is that okay? >> Yes. Okay. >> His birthday today or Sunday. >> Sunday. A happy birthday, Zach. Where are you from? What state? >> Um >> Oh, Florida. Okay, cool. >> And you're going to be 10 years old, it says. >> Yes. >> Very just a little older than my son who turns 10 in June. >> A That's awesome. >> Very cool. >> Thank you for finding us and saying hi. So nice to meet you. >> We appreciate you watching us. >> Awesome. >> What are you guys here for? >> We're actually just here for the weekend for his birthday. >> Oh, cool. What rides have you been on? >> Um Mickey and Minnie back there. >> Nice. >> Um that was the first thing because my favorite ride. >> Good. Oh, it's a good one. >> Then I went on Then we went on Mania. Then >> good one. >> Um Swirling Saucers. >> Awesome. Then we went to Star Tours. >> Wow, you've done a lot of rides today. >> Then we ride. >> Very cool. >> Then we rode rides over the resistance. >> Oh, cool. We just got off that. >> I met Star Tours. I always get the >> Got you. Okay. Very cool. Well, I'm glad you're having a good birthday. >> Yeah. >> This has probably been one of the best trips to Disney now. >> A I love that. >> Oh, want to take your picture? >> Is that okay? >> Yeah, of course. Of course. Well, >> they can't stay here all day. >> No. Everybody's saying happy birthday, Zach. >> Did you get some Oh, you got some cool aliens. Oh my goodness. >> They're adorable. >> A >> My grandpa loves alien. >> A They're really cute. >> That's awesome. Very good. Good birthday present. >> Yeah. >> All right. Do you want to take your picture? >> Yes. >> Alien down. >> Alien down. >> Okay. >> All right. Yeah. Come on in. >> Of course. >> All right. Smile real quick. >> All right. >> Awesome. >> Nice to meet you. >> You, too. Enjoy the rest. >> Thank you. I like yours. >> Enjoy the rest of your trip. >> A He's so sweet. >> Everybody saying happy happy birthday. That's awesome. >> All right, we've got about eight minutes. No. Yes. I forgot what time it was. 8 minutes until the show. >> Okay. >> And you know, we show the show. >> Yeah. >> They don't have real cookies. >> They don't have real cookies. >> I'm in track. >> Oh, no. They only have the Mickey ones. >> You know who has cookies? >> What did Brit say? I missed it. >> They have Rice Krispie treats. Do they do they >> Oh, they're Mickey. >> Let me grab one of them. Maybe I'll try it again. >> I was going to say sometimes they they have cookies at the popcorn stand. >> At the what? >> Popcorn stand. >> Oh, really? >> Sometimes if they're not gone. when I picture it came out like this. >> We can see. They might not. So, you might have to come back. But >> we should get a delicious ticker tail. They only have those in Disneyland. >> What are they? >> Ticker tails. Remember they were like the marshmallows dipped in caramel dipped in white chocolate. M. >> Churo toffee for the win though. >> We need churo toffee in Disney World. No. And I like the Nikki shape, but the problem is because of the way they make them, they're really hard around the edges. >> And they're hard to eat. >> Yeah. And it's hard to get the paper off. >> Yep. Okay. Sometimes they'll have them in a basket >> right here. But I We're going to have to >> Yeah, there's Looks like there's something there, Josh. In that basket. Looks like there might be one or two left. >> So, you might have to wait. You want to wait? I can't even tell what it is. The cookies. >> All right, I'll go find a spot. >> I never did not like that one. >> Ticker tails are so good. Oh my goodness. >> Good evening, film fans. In just a few minutes, we invite you. >> A You're so welcome. It was nice meeting Zack. a celebration of Disney liveaction films. Please note that for the show lighting in the area will be reduced. >> I'm good. Thank you. All right, guys. Um, I guess we'll just kind of hang out cuz it's not that busy. Hey, Canada. Michael Dale's here. Adventures of Jenna and Dale in the chat says, "Happy Friday, hoppers. Looks like a nice night." Yes, it's been a very nice night. Beautiful, beautiful weather. We cannot go wrong with it. Guys, if you have not already gone over to Adventures of Jenna and Dale, go over there, hit the subscribe button. We would love to add you to um the uh adventurers or whatever we call them over there on Dale and I's channel. Um I posted day six of our cruise vlog on Wednesday, I believe. And then today I posted a video from Universal. So if you guys missed it, go check it out. There's a lot of new merch. HHN News. We tried a butterbeer treat. They have a whole section of blind boxes from PopMart now at Universal, which is super cool. So, yeah, go check out the video, everybody. Thanks for posting that. And Mara, hey, Mr. Master Ivy. Rebecca is here. Don't go anywhere cuz uh at 10 p.m. we're going to be showing you Fantasmic. Yeah, Robert, it really was. It really was. Our day six on our cruise didn't go as planned. So, you got to watch it to find out why it was leaf 100%. >> Hi, Casey. Jun's been super busy busy editing all the cruise videos. Yes, thanks Dale. Yeah, it's been good. I have one more and I started um editing the last cruise video this morning. So, we'll hopefully get that out maybe Sunday, maybe Monday. We'll see. But it'll be soonish. >> Yeah, Darlene, it's been a beautiful night. Happy Friday from freezing cold northeast Ohio. Oh my goodness, how cold is it? >> Hi Kristen. Doing one of my favorite things, working on a Disney puzzle while watching Friday Night Live. Oh, I love that. I love puzzles. I want to do another one soon. Puzzles are fun. >> Every single one. >> I do. >> I haven't seen Fantastic in a while either, so I'm excited. I almost wore my Sorcerer Mickey ears tonight, but I decided to go Toy Story themed instead. >> 2 minutes and it's showtime. Love the show at Hollywood Studios. Should What's your favorite park to watch fireworks? Oh my goodness. Um, probably Magic Kingdom. Happily Ever After. Yeah, I'd say Happily Ever After. I like to watch it from Well, I used to like to watch it in Liberty Square on the bridge. Um, that was my favorite spot, but I also love back side of the castle. More chill spots. I got it. >> Cool. Hopefully it's good. It looks better than the other one. More >> normal. Yeah. >> You know what? I might wait till after this so I can get a Coke to go with it. >> Well, there you go. >> I had Coke there, but I wanted the bottle. >> Oh, well, you can go right now. I got the show. >> Go ahead. >> All right. I'll see. >> It's not like it's busy. >> Cool. >> Unless you want to see the show. >> No, I seen it before. >> Okay. >> I'll be right back. >> All right. >> That's right, Dale. Yeah. All right, guys. Enjoy. Here's the show. >> Welcome to Hollywood. Not a place on a map, but a state of mind that exists wherever people dream and wonder and imagine. A place where illusion and reality are fused by technological magic. We welcome you to a Hollywood that never was and always will be. Disney's Hollywood Studios presents Disney Movie Magic. >> Now, your host, Walt Disney. How long is it since you've had a world premiere? Well, of course, the big uh the big important premiere was Snow White, but we had a couple after that. Movies restriction. I feel what you have. All that could be wrong. Well, everyone would be a tear somewhere. I believe. >> From time to time, people ask me which is the favorite of all the pictures that we make. Well, it's the one that you're going to see right now. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. >> Thank I The dining room proudly presents your dinner. It's going to be time. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You best start believing in ghost stories, Mr. Turner. You are all about doubt the worst pilot I've ever heard of. You have heard of. >> You're supposed to be dead. Am I on? Are you cheated, pirate? Snakes. Why do you have to be snakes? You know nothing. He's crazy. Your job is to bring honor to the family. By eating of his Imperial Majesty, every family must contribute one man. My father cannot fight. So I will take his place. >> What is your name, soldier? >> Commander, son of Pujo. Loyal, brave, and true. It is my duty to protect my family. I will bring honor to us all. >> The grid, a digital frontier. Your mother, I've come to bargain. overcome to die. >> Welcome to the freaking Guardians of the Galaxy. >> I am Guardian of the Galaxy. Guardians of the Galaxy. >> So, we're saving the galaxy again. I guess awesome. We're really going to be able to check out what Bryson with two time galaxy. So, what should we do next? Something good? Something bad? Pitif like Mary Poppins. >> Is he cool? >> Yeah, he's cool. I'm very imp Is this what we storytellers do? We restore order with imagination. We instill hope again and again and again. I am the king. This is stuff the coast guard. They say you got to go out and they'll say you got to come back in. >> Where there is kindness, there is magic >> into the black hole in through and I'm not bad or just drawn that way. I know that show you went anywhere. Very funny. Great moments. You were born great opportunity. I feel to All that could So good. Thank you for joining us for Disney Movie Magic. We'll see you at the movies. >> You're welcome. >> Very good. Very good. I like that. I don't remember the Tron part, but I'm sure it was there. >> In just 10 minutes, we invite you to experience the magic, action, and excitement of the wonderful world of animation. For you to fully enjoy tonight's performance, the lighting in this area will be reduced. For your own safety and that of others, we ask that you remain in the same location until the lighting returns to normal. Our animated adventure will begin in just 10 minutes. Thank you. >> Okay, that I actually I like both of them. Actually like this one better because it reminds me of Movie Ride. All >> the movies put together like they used to do. >> You mean this one? this the one we just had. >> Yes, agreed. They even had some from the great movie ride. Yeah. When he said when Robin Williams says, "Good morning, Vietnam." >> Yeah, there's there's a few things in there. It's very stylistically the same as far as the >> the really fast, you know, music at the end is different, but it's like kind of like all the montages of stuff, but >> I agree. >> The other thing is um >> Oh, look. You can go more in the middle. >> Yeah. >> Perfect. >> There was I don't know. Anyway, it's just it's a fun little montage and they do a good job with it. All the different things you can see and remember all those different movies and stuff like >> super good. >> How many movies can you name? There's some really old ones in here that I >> so many I know some of them I was like wait what is it? >> Oh, I love how uh Bert I always forget this. Mary Poppins starts with Bert saying something about all this happened before and I almost forget that it starts with that. Yeah, >> cuz when our school did the Mary Poppins musical, they had Bert over there doing his Chimmy Street thing >> and he was saying that and I was like, "Oh yeah, I forgot the show starts with that." >> I know. I know you do forget that. >> Such a good movie. >> Then they put him on at the end and say the same thing. >> Yeah. >> So it kind of like wraps it up full time. >> Okay. >> It all happened before. >> Dick Van Djk. You got to love him. >> He's got the best voice in that. >> So good. He's just amazing. >> What? He's like 98 now. >> Yeah. Or did did he not turn 100 yet? >> He is 100. >> Okay. I was going to say I thought he turned 100, but I could be wrong. >> How old is >> Maybe not, but I thought he did. >> 100. >> I thought so. I was like I think recently he turned not >> December 13th. >> All right. There you go. >> That's amazing. Wow. >> Good for him. >> It's crazy, too, because to think like um he did Oh, the Dick Van Dyke show with Mary Tyler Moore and she's not here anymore and she's a lot younger than him. I mean, a lot of people were younger than him and >> Oh, for sure. >> Cuz he he lived to 100. Not very many people do that. >> This guy's 95. >> Oh my goodness. >> You can show the stream. I think I showed him the other day, but William Shatner. >> Wow. >> You get to see it's him. >> Yeah. Oh, totally. >> 95. >> 95. >> What are they doing? >> Our friends went to um get a picture with him and he was very nice. >> Okay. >> But they did say they did say no touching him. >> I mean, he's 95. >> I get that. And it wasn't even I'm sure it's just he's you know somebody could hurt him on accident. >> Sure. >> So no, they said no touching. >> If somebody's excited and they give you a hug too aggressively. >> Yeah. I'm too excited to see you and he hurt him on accident. >> Um but Peter Collins his thing was um no handshakes, fist bumps. They told us before he went in. But then after he saw Liam, he just grabbed him in a big hug. So I think it was just >> not so cute. >> He was just like >> I mean if they if they initiate it >> Yeah. He's cute. No, he was like this kid's cute. I'm going to hug him. >> That was nice. >> But I get the fist bump. Like sometimes when people want to shake hands, I'd rather fist bump cuz >> Yeah, I think it keeps it moving too. >> Agreed. >> Agreed. Um Julie Andrew Andrews Mary Poppins is 90 years old. Oh my goodness. Yeah, that's right. Um so this one starts in 6 minutes and then we're going to >> We might try and rideway way down. >> We might try that. I also need to get in the shop before it closes. Uh does it close at 10:00 or 9:30? >> I don't think so. >> Will it be closed when our fantasmic gets out? I thought they were open after Fantastic. Anybody? >> Well, before we go into Fantastic, I might run in just get it before just for >> um something I was Mom wanted me to get. >> Hi, Kayla. >> Welcome in everybody's. It's just in the main shop. >> Yeah. >> Um so, let's see. If you guys would like to book a stay at a Disney Deluxe Villa for a fraction of the cost, go check out David's Vacation Club rentals at dvcrequest.com/ >> Good evening. For over 100 years, Disney and Pixar storytellers have taken us on countless journeys full of adventure, friendship, love, and magic. Now, join us as we embark together through the wonderful world of animation. For you to fully enjoy tonight's performance, the lighting in this area will be reduced. For your own safety and that of others, we ask that you please remain in the same area until the lighting returns to normal. Our journey through the wonderful world of animation will begin in just a few minutes. >> That was a good cookie. Thanks for that tip. >> Yeah, good. I'd seen them in there before. Think I tried it, but it's been a long time ago. Cool. Glad they had them. Um, again, so go check out dvcre request.com/tv. If you guys would like to book a stay at a Disney Deluxe Villa for a fraction of the cost, again, that's david's vacation club rentals. dvcreest.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. Can you say hi to my daughter Jesse? She's watching you. It's been a while since it's been a while. Oh, that's awesome. Well, hello Jesse. Welcome in. >> Thanks for being there. being here, there all the places. Mickey's of Hollywood is open until 10. Okay, then I better go before we go to Fantasmic. Thanks, Amara. I have a feeling they might close before Fantasmic since the rest of the park closes early. >> Yeah, I guess so. I'm surprised they're not open at least Well, that wouldn't matter 10:30 cuz then the show wouldn't be over before then. Yeah, >> I believe in Mara, but I think in the past I've seen them be open till 10th or until 11:00. >> Well, it probably depends how busy it is, you know, but I bet it's marked as 10, obviously. >> Yeah, that's probably true. >> Tower is still 30. This one's still 35. >> Wow. 35. >> Yeah, but >> Oh, that might be too long. We don't want to miss it. >> No, you're right. We may not be able to do it. It doesn't look 35, but yeah, we'd have to just look at it. >> Yeah. Well, how about this? How about you go decide if you want to write it. I'll go to the shop and then that way we'll do both things. And if you don't want to do it, then just message me and I'll find >> I probably will just look at it and see what it looks like. I'm pretty good judge. >> Okay. >> No, you're right. We probably won't have time. >> We'll do it next time. >> Okay. >> Well, we'll see. >> I don't think the 10 p.m. one is ever full full. >> Oh, no. We don't have to get there early. We just have to get there before it starts. >> Okay. It never fills up to 10 p.m. >> Okay, then you might have time. >> Be close if we're 35 though because I would have to like run over there. >> Yeah. >> Well, it's only 9:00 now. And this what? This ends at what? 9:10. >> Oh, the show starts at 10:00. So, we're good. >> Yeah, I forgot. >> Well, I was thinking the show starts at 9:30. >> No. >> So, I have plenty of time. >> Mhm. >> Just going by the app. I think we have been in there after Fantastic 2. And Mara says, "Yeah, okay. Thanks, Amara." Yeah, good to know. I'm going to run there just to be on the safe side. Me and my family have watched you for seven years. Your streams are the best. A thank you so much. Viv's Variety Vlogs. That's awesome. I love the name. >> Oh, very cool. John, >> yeah, we can't wait to get Indiana Jones here as well. >> Oh, wow. This is timely. One of our YouTube friends, Disney Dave, posted that uh 41 years ago in 1985, Disney broke ground for Hollywood Studios. >> How cool is that? >> Right here. >> Nice. >> Like maybe not right here. >> This ground right here. >> It might be >> that one. >> I mean, usually you break ground like in the in the middle somewhere. >> Kind of the center. >> This is kind of the middle. >> Mhm. >> So that day, this used to be a Mickey. A hidden Mickey. >> Yes. >> This planter was those are the ears. >> Pretty sure. >> I think it's just all of Yes. But there was a bigger planter. You're right. But yeah, I think it's all of Hollywood is in the shape of a Mickey. If you look at the map, >> used to be. >> It still is. >> Look at Google Maps. >> We'll see. >> Got to zoom out. >> Yeah, I was zoom I zoomed in too far though. I can't see it. >> Zoom out some more. That's crazy. Still can't see it. Yeah. Okay, I see it now. I see it. Hold on. Let me rotate this. >> Yeah, there you go. >> Here, here, and here. >> Yep. >> Here, I see it. Hold on. Let me let me focus for There we go. >> Here, here, and here. >> Yep. >> That's the Mickey. It's bigger than I thought it was. >> Mhm. >> There you go. >> Yeah. >> I think it used to be more well defined, but it's still kind of there. >> Yep. I think you're right. >> This This park's probably changed. Please join us as Disney's Hollywood Studios proudly presents the wonderful world of animation. Tonight's the night right here at the Chinese Theater for Mickey's premiere. This gala is sure to be the talk of the town as every star in Hollywood has gathered to see Mickey's latest sensational pictures. Just hear those people cheer. And look, there he is, the star himself, Mickey Mouse. And there's his sweetheart, Minnie Mouse. Are the two of them just the cat's meow? Just don't tell Pluto. Let's take a look inside the theater. What is he doing? Let's make some heat. Heat. Heat. Tonight is about family. Okana means family. Heat. Heat. We have a distance, but nothing's more important than >> Behold the Under. Where's my super suit? Showtime. >> Girl, come on. Wait a second, man. I don't think so. I'm ready to meet and defeat. But they say if you dream a thing more than once, it should come true. She's incredible. Heat. Heat. We got the bra. I've never felt this way about anyone. It's me. I just love happy feelings. What have we here? It's a sparkly shiny Oh, it's a human. You got rock. Well, you get you keep surprising me. I got 20 with a dising. And you are wearing red. Heat. Heat. Did you like this song? >> I'm already happy. Got the coolest friend in the world. I don't think we're in liberal. We are in the internet. Where is he going? Heat. Heat. I asked my beautiful help. He said to you, Heat. Heat. I only hope that we never lose sight of one thing. When it was all started by a monster. Thanks everybody. It sure has been a whole lot of fun, but trust me, it's only the beginning. See you real soon. All right. >> Awesome. >> Well, it shows that u the Runaway Railway is down right now. >> Yeah, it's a great show. Great show. >> Yeah, I like it a lot. >> Were you going to walk over there? I'll walk over here and just see what it looks like. Okay, I'm gonna go to the shop to buy that. >> I'll meet you back at the shop. >> Yeah, such a fun show. >> Yeah, it looks like according to the app, the the Runaway Railway is down right now. So, uh that just happened during the show cuz it was like 30 or 35 minutes during the show and then I just looked a few seconds ago and it said down. But let's walk over there since it's right there. We can see what's going on. It usually takes a little while for them to update the app. So, you know, you never know. That might have opened back up. >> Yeah. I don't know. I love how the projections stay on for a little while. It's fun. >> We have one engineer and we have Alex. >> Yeah, those are both good shows. I'm glad that Hollywood Studios gets that. And there's a decent amount of fireworks in there. No, it is closed. I believe there are more fireworks in that show than in Fantasmic. Fantasmic, the newer version is great. My only complaint about it is less fireworks than what there were before, but there are much more now. So, yes, it is closed. >> Okay. >> For now. Um, >> yeah, who knows if they'll they probably won't open it back up. I mean, they could they do they're usually pretty good about it. If it works, they'll open it. Like, they're I will give Disney a lot of credit for that. I've noticed them I' I've seen them open rides like 5 minutes before the park closes. They they really will open it if if it's if it's at all possible. As long as it's working and safe, they'll open it. I've been really surprised sometimes when I've looked and I said, "Oh my gosh." you know, because it's like 15 minutes till the park closes, right? And you're thinking, ah, they'll just keep it closed, right? If it's not working, just close it. But they'll they'll they will go ahead and open it if they can. All right. What about the Backlot Tour? Oh my goodness. Or Lights Motors Action. Yep. Both of those are gone. Gone. Gone. In fact, Lights Motors Action is where the Backlot Tour used to be. And then that uh where Lights Motors Action was is now is now Galaxy's Edge. So, this park I was going to say before the show started, this park has changed more than any other park, I think. >> I mean, Epcot's changed a lot, too, but this park especially. >> I just don't think I think when they made it, they were thinking it was actually going to be a working studio, and they did do that for a while. There's a luminous, but I think what they found out is that that was too expensive to, you know, keep flying everybody to Florida. this Hollywood. The reason everything's in Hollywood is because all the, you know, not just the the stars are there, like I think it's more the production crews and everything, the the best in the business, the lighting, the sound, the technical crews, all that stuff. They're in Hollywood. That's where they are. And I think it just cost them too much money to have crews on both coasts as opposed to just a fully staffed studio, you know, in California where they have had it for, you know, years since Walt was around really. The Great Movie Ride. Oh, yeah. I was preferred. Uh, you know, I like the Gangster, but that's the one you usually got. It was cheaper to run because there wasn't any pyro in it. Uh, but there I I preferred the Old West one if I could get it. But a lot of times in the evening, they'd only run one tram vehicle or one, you know, theater vehicle. Um, and so that was always interesting. Best Disney live streamers in Florida. Oh, thanks, David. >> Wait, who who who are you talking about? Couldn't be us. Like somebody was I was joking with somebody the other night because they came on they came on the stream and they were like uh their favorite streamers in in uh in Tokyo and I was like I don't I'm not in Tokyo. >> All right. >> So I learned something. >> Cookies at the popcorn cart. Pretty good. I kind of like it. kind of dig it. So, I don't know what shop Jenna went into. Is it this one? Mickey's of this is Keystone Clothes. Mickey's of Hollywood is down here, I guess. >> What are we doing? What are we doing? >> Let's go. >> So, Fantasmic is clearing right now. So, we we're we're kind of in the >> we're kind of in the mix. >> Let's go through here. I think she's in here. >> Oh, I don't know. Hold on. Look at this. This is what happens. This is what it looks like when it clears out. It's not pouring and no rain's coming out the holes in my shoes. Look at this, David. I don't even have any holes in my shoes. What a what a concept. Poor Isa. We love you, Isa. It's fine. >> I didn't start it. Your dad started it. >> See what I did, David? Just threw you right under the bus. That's what kind of friend I am. No, you guys are the best. of Hollywood. Is that the one behind us? Oh, thanks. Code named here. I was just kidding. >> Yeah. Second dad just threw first dad out under the bus. Anytime. I'm here for you. >> Yeah. All right. Well, >> let's go this way. away. >> Yes, we are staying for Fantasmic. It doesn't start till 10:00. Doesn't start till 10. So, we got some time. We got to wait till it clears out for it. They're still They're still clearing the the theater from the first show. So, we'll wait and I'm sure they'll be ready to let us in here pretty soon. >> She has a file on her phone that says that she notes things we say. Papa you papa. I love that. That's amazing. I think she also keeps track of when we say the same thing but we're not together, right? Cuz like even Gia used to laugh at that whenever you and I would say the same thing but we're not together. She just left the shop. Okay, I will attempt to go out of the shop also. >> Okay, I'm on the street too. Right by the middle door of Mickey's of Hollywood. >> Oh. Oh, there you are. >> I was like, I'm just going to stand here cuz it's crazy. >> That's why I I did mobile checkout and everything. It was crazy in there. Um, yeah, I do need a bathroom before Fantasma. >> All right. >> And then I need to either fill up my water bottle or buy another water. >> All right. Your choice. >> Yeah. Everything's still pretty long, so there's no there's no jumping in a ride last minute for sure. >> Yeah. And it closes >> in 10 minutes. >> Yeah. See, most people are leaving. >> I guess we could go in the shop. >> Yep. Probably. >> Yep. >> Okay. Let's go walk around Echo Lake. >> Yep. Sounds like a plan. >> Trying to think where they might have a water. >> So, don't go anywhere, guys. We will have in just um about 30 minutes. >> What happened? >> I did. >> I walked through it kind of quickly, though. >> No, it's fine. Whatever. >> Uh but we can we can go in there. I didn't I did I was just looking Oh, you know what? I didn't have the stream with me. I went in here looking for a Coke. I did though. I I did go in. I just did wasn't holding a live stream. Yeah. Hey, Anthony. Glad it's a fun night. >> Poppy popping in stereo. I love that. >> This is These are like totally old school '9s. >> Oh my word. Yeah. >> Like Tommy. It's a Tommy. This a Tommy style. >> Yeah. Or like Fresh Prince of Belair. >> Fresh Prince. Yeah. >> He would totally wear that. >> So funny. >> Yep. >> 90s are back, baby. >> Sure are. I'm not mad. >> I'm not mad either. I like the '9s. >> Although I do feel I do refuse to roll my pants. >> Yeah. >> That was 80s. I think >> it was >> Was it 80s? >> 80s. Late or no? Early 90s. Early 90s. Like middle school. >> All right. Uh, >> sure. There you go, Brett. >> Oh, yeah. I bought that one for him. >> Oh, awesome. >> Nice. >> I told him he needed it. >> He said they didn't have it in Disneyland yet. So, >> he just sent me a picture of something. Let me see >> who did it. >> Oh, okay. >> That's good. like this one. >> Says, "I grew up wanting to be a transformer. I got my wish cuz my body makes noises like one when I stand up." >> Brit says, "I can't wait for it." >> Yeah. >> Yeah. I immediately saw that. I was like, "Oh, I bet he wants this one." But yeah. >> Did they not have it at Disneyland or he wanted No, >> they didn't. >> Oh, really? I mean, at least at the moment, >> it'd be cool to have both of them cuz sometimes they do have the same kind of characters but just with a different park name on it. >> This is new. I've never seen that. That's cute. >> Instead of iHeart New York >> efficiency is overrated. >> What are these? These look new t-shirts here, guys. >> Good times. >> Roman Rome Wonderland through the years. >> Oh my word. That's so cute. >> Oh, how happy for him when he turned color. >> I love it. >> See, he started out black and white >> and then he turned color. >> A >> Yeah, >> vacation of the world >> kingdom. >> That's it. >> I looked all over Disneyland and I had people look inside Disneyland. We don't have it at all. Wow. >> Yeah, cuz they have shirts similar to that, but not not just not with uh with Fet on it. Uh different characters and stuff. Anybody want a Indiana Jones leather jacket? No. Old Donald. He is happy. >> I like it. >> Dr. >> $100 cuz it's not real leather. If it was, it'd be like $400. >> $400 >> or 300 maybe for real leather. >> Oh, okay. >> Wouldn't it real? Well, >> I bought a real leather jacket. We were looking at at Mega Con and they had a really nice like leather hat at one of the stores and it was $300. >> Yeah, leather's expensive now. And then they had a black and white again. Yeah, maybe. Here's the idol. I like that leather jacket. Yeah, it's really nice. Somebody put this up here for some reason. Oh, because it's Indiana Jones. Well, there you go. I'm a little slow. It's fine. pen collecting >> pigment too. >> There was somebody doing pigment cosplay at Megon when I was there. >> Yeah, that's cool. >> Happy hunting everybody. >> Thank you. >> I saw Did somebody dress up as Dreamfinder and Figment? >> I did not see that. I could have. I just didn't see them. >> Okay. I saw someone. >> There was one lady. There's like a video game. I think it's from Resident Evil. I'm not sure. The Lady B is the character's name and she's like 10 or 12 feet tall like in the movie in the in the thing. She's like a the vampire or something. I don't know. Whatever. She's like this very powerful character and she's really really tall and she wears a black hat and kind of like a whitish gray dress. Anyway, the point is somebody was dressed like her and wear and and walking around in stilts. >> Oh my god. >> So was actually like 10 or 11 ft 12 feet whatever tall. >> That's crazy. >> Yeah. >> So talented. >> Yeah. In fact that like walking in stilts is one thing but doing it in a giant crowd that was another whole skill. I'm >> actually surprised they let them do that. >> She could have gone to >> Yeah, I guess maybe she had some way of showing them that she knew what to do. But no, they're pretty I will say one of the most fun parts, you've been there, is the costume. So, they're pretty lenient as long as there's not a safety issue, which I could see how that one could be, but they do allow it. Now, they do have if your costume is big. They didn't expect Liam's cuz it was obviously, you know, storebought, but but they do have a costume inspection area if they feel like that, you know, they need to check it out for some reason. All right, I'm gonna check out this bathroom. >> Oh, that'd be cool. David, >> they don't have a water. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Rachel was essentially like >> so cool. These little signs. There's so many little signs of of like advertisements and stuff. Like it's a real town. I love it. Oh, I actually hit the note. Nailed it. I started to go for it. I was like, I wonder if I can hit that or not. I did. Yay. I was singing along with the guy and I realized like, oh, the next notes high. I wonder if I can do it. Yep. Nailed it. Not always. >> He's got a rose in a carrot. >> Oh, I thought he was crying. >> No, he's got a rose. >> Well, it looks like something's coming out of his eye, but I guess that's part of the rose. >> So, that's R.J. says, "I'm old and I'm enjoying the stream." Well, you can enjoy the stream at any age. That's the whole fun of it. There is no age limit or or height limit or any kind of limit for the stream. You can watch it whenever you want. >> Oh, >> but I didn't. That's G. >> This looks like This reminds me of like Professor Umbrage or something. >> What? >> Professor Umbrage. >> Oh, really? >> Think about it. It's pink and you put some cats on it and Yeah, >> I could do that. Yeah. >> Supposed to be princesses. >> Yeah. >> With this. >> Oh, and that >> interesting. Yep. Mickey. >> Yeah. Amy says, "I've spotted my sister a few times tonight." That's cool. Is she here for I'm assuming she's here for a trip then or does she work here? >> Oh, a mansion here. There was a um gravedigger and bride at Mega Con. >> Oh, that's cool. It's fruit universe. Maybe not twice. >> Okay. We've been watching on our TV. Should have been on my phone to hit the like button. Yeah, no worries. Brenda, we'll see you soon on Monday. Nice. What is it? >> The Montreal necklace. >> It's sold out. >> It might still be. It's just on display. >> I mean, it may be here. I don't know. >> If I repeat it a lot, it means I don't need it. Yeah, I've been so good. I haven't bought any old computer stuff. I actually am starting to sell it. Good for you. >> Some of it. Yep. >> Well, and I'm going to have to sell it to upgrade my current computer a little bit cuz it's starting to get it's uh well, it's seven or eight years old. It's starting to get long in the tooth. >> Long in the tooth. >> Yeah. >> Long in the hard drives. >> All right. I'm going to go bathroom. >> Okay. Oh, this is the you don't have to go home, but you can't stay here. >> Everyone, thank you for joining us for a day full of action, adventure, and fun here at Disney's Hollywood Studios. We are so glad you played a key role in today's production and sharing in the magic of show business. Please join us for the sequel. That's a right. Yay. I love this street. >> Oh, wow. Tyler, I didn't know that. No. So, I've been trying to look at maybe a graphics card upgrade because it'll make my video renders go a little faster. Um, but they're going all the graphics cards are going up like crazy. So anyway, I'm I'm trying to get a 5060 Ti, but they're they're already like just since I looked a couple weeks ago, they've already gone up 20 or $30 cuz everybody's buying them for AI, and I'm like, uh, so we'll see. But I certainly can't buy any RAM. RAM is expensive now. >> You get an I don't know, David. That's a Jenna question. That's That's a good question. Do you get an AP discount with a Pandora charm? I don't know. I know. know I don't get an AP discount on buying computer parts and I'm sad about that. >> I have an old zip drive in the basement that my son tells me is worth some money. Speaking of an old computer stuff, uh yeah, it could be. I'm not really sure. I haven't looked on eBay for the value of a zip drive. See, sometimes, especially stuff that you can't buy anymore, has some value to a lot of people. So, just depends on what people are looking for. I'll give you an example. I had an old Pac-Man watch that play actually played Pac-Man in LCD. Um, and probably even brand new at its peak was maybe $100 or less. And now they go for like $400 or $500 if they're actually working. So that's just one example of like, you know, the way that it the way that things go up. 20, $30 is worth it if you Yeah, for sure. For sure. I'm just saying because it keeps going up, you know? I'm like, oh, I see it going up. I'm like, "Oh, I better get it before it goes up $50." You know what I mean? So, but yeah. >> Yeah, I'll ask her. David had to get a new CPU in October and my wallet was not happy. Oh, yeah. Depends on what kind of CPU you get. Yes. Sometimes CPUs can be one of the It's weird. It used to be the most expensive. Sometimes it could be one of the cheaper parts depend on what you get cuz the graphics card is usually now the most important thing. Like my CPU is like seven years old and according to according to all the research I've done, I don't even need to upgrade that. My my computer mostly when I do stuff rendering video and doing, you know, even if I do a little AI stuff or whatever, it just needs a graphics card. It barely touches the processor. >> It's almost like somebody was saying the graphics card is a little computer inside a computer. Kind of crazy. So, we're going to go watch Fantasmic, so don't go anywhere. It starts at 10:00, less than half an hour. But when Jenna gets back, we shall we shall go find a seat. It's weird because you can't get a whole view of tower unless you stay over on the right hand side of the road like this. It's just slightly offset. >> So, I'm going to be at Magic Kingdom tomorrow, probably uh like maybe 11 or 12. I want some time to rest tomorrow morning, so there's no hurry. So, my plan is to just do early afternoon and um cuz I have an early morning on Sunday, so I want to be up ready to go for that. But um but I can do the parade probably. That's the plan. >> I don't hear Magic Kingdom. >> Their fireworks should be going on now. >> Can hear it from my house. Oh no, I think I just heard it. Canada Michael. Hello. >> Yeah. See, after all the crowds leave, this is uh very very um very peaceful. So tired. We're at the end of tech to see and our show opens tomorrow. Looking forward to getting uh a normal night sleep. Oh yeah, you're doing tech. I saw that. Shaggy, you're doing tech. Yeah. Well, good luck. I know tech is hard and there's a lot of moving pieces and things to fix and you know, stress, but hopefully hopefully you've got a good director who's leading you well. That's the most important thing when you get to tech week is that you've got somebody in charge who knows how to who's experienced and knows how to run a show and knows how to fix the inevitable problems that come up. You know, you never have a perfect tech and you always, you know, you always have something you have to adjust. And if the person knows how to be efficient with stuff, I worked with somebody several years ago that like didn't run the whole show until opening night. And that made me insane. We would never do that in band and we would never do that in marching band. You run the whole show a lot. Somehow opening night was good cuz we had a lot of professionals, a lot of people working with it. It was students, too. But boy oh boy, that made me nervous. I don't ever want to do that again. I've had several discussions with colleagues, you know, about that that like how do we even pull that off? And I was like, yeah, I don't know. That was a horrible idea. But good luck. I had internet issues. And of course, they were talking. They asked me if it may have been shorted by a 220 220. Oh, it's a 220 221. Whatever it takes. Yeah, that's interesting. I wonder why an electric line would short out an internet line. Everything should be shielded. Everything should be insulated. All the wires. Nothing should be Nothing should be bare. That would be pretty dangerous for for a 220 line to be bare. The 220 lines are the uh the ones they use for ovens and dryers. Those are the most dangerous. They should definitely be insulated. This street is so relaxing, isn't it? >> I'm beginning to see the light. >> The line. >> Yeah. Paradise Pier here and in California. Here we just get the sign. >> There they have. Actually, it's Pixar Pier now, isn't it, Brit? >> Oh, there you are. >> All right, let's go. >> I ran to get water. >> I was showing them Paradise Pier. They have Pixar Pier, I guess. It used to be Paradise Pier at Disneyland, right? >> I did. Yeah. All right. about that. >> Very calm and relaxing. It is. This is a very calm area over here. >> And this was not open for several years after the park opened. It was open in mid '90s when uh Tower opened and then they opened rocking in 99. >> Oh, you're right. >> On your face. >> Yeah. I love the music. It's just so good. >> Get you every time. >> Which one? >> Uh >> Oh, don't sit under the apple tree. >> That's it. >> Put the rest in. Yeah, >> Apple Tree is Sony. >> Ah. >> Ah, but David sent me a thing. They got a they got a I don't know 1.3 or 1.5 billion dollar judgment that they that they lost >> or something. I don't know what it was, but the Supreme Court ruled against them on a copyright case. >> Okay. >> Severely limiting their ability. Oh, I know what it was. They they kept going after people through the internet companies and the Supreme Court says they can't do that anymore. They were saying that the the it's not the internet provider's fault if somebody does something wrong. That'd be kind of like saying it's the car manufacturer's fault that somebody ran over somebody with the car. >> No, it's the person who did it. >> So anyway, Sony got Sony got served. >> Makes me uh No, we might as well go find a seat. It's only 20 minutes. >> That way we can find a little better seat maybe. >> Okay. >> Have our pick. >> You are retro technology. All right, Shaggy. Uh let's see. Thanks for a great stream and for always keeping things fresh and fun. Hollywood Studio is a beautiful park. God bless you and Jenna and Dale and your family. Yeah, thank you. >> Yeah, that was there was an all day stream that we got that that was the only copyright we had. >> The Apple one. >> Yep. >> Uh I think I accidentally not accidentally I think I disputed it and I think we lost. >> It was a long time ago. >> It's just one mute. >> I know. Well, >> I think on the 12-hour streams, it takes so long to mute. That's why I didn't do it. >> Yeah, true. >> BMG just lost a lot of cash. Sony BMG essentially, they were suing ISPs for an individual user infringing. So, your Sony buddy may start getting more aggressive. Well, he can try. >> He can't be more aggressive than 100% rejection. >> Yeah. >> I love all this music back. >> I know. It's so fun. Yeah. 90. >> No, they're And by the way, they're they're not so tough. Like I said, on my other channels, I have I have appealed because appeal is dangerous, but there's not main channel, so I don't care. So, I've appealed and won every single time. I've won like seven of them >> because they won't they won't because appeal means they have to get their lawyers out. They don't want to do that. >> So, I always kind of laugh when I win that. I'm like, "Yeah, you I knew you wouldn't go that far." >> Especially for a smaller not that much money. >> That's true. Most of the time for us it's not that much either. For them $200 isn't very much for us. It is >> David says he's getting coal in his stocking. >> Look at you guys. Oh, wait. >> Sorry. You're this way. >> David says nobody likes lawyers. I like you, David. You're a good lawyer. >> Oh, hi David. I didn't see you there. >> And notice I said get the lawyers out. It's like they had them hiding in a box somewhere. >> Time to get the lawyers out of the box. >> Are they in there with the lag? >> Yeah. Is that how it works at your company, David? They put you guys in a box. >> Make sure your entire party is together while entering the theater. >> Yeah, the CMS are having a blast. >> Capacity. Stick in the theater is not recommended. Once the theater reaches capacity, reappearance will not be guaranteed to any party member. >> Oh, I bet that's a problem. I'm glad they say that. >> What is it? >> People when if you leave and if you leave and it's at capacity, they will not let you back in. Even if your family's in here, >> which makes sense. Yeah, they can't cuz anybody could just say, "My family's in here." >> Yeah. >> Yep. No, I agree. You should stay with your party. >> Like, you know, they have bathrooms in here. So, yeah, of course, you have to go to the bathroom. There's no reason to leave. >> You're not leaving. They have bathrooms. Like that's totally fine. Grab your food. Grab your bathroom. >> Grab the bathroom. >> You don't have to grab it, but >> take it. >> Utilize the facility. >> Oh, that's awesome. Tyler, have fun. The lawyers are kept in the lag box. >> So, every time it lags, we should like knock on the box and be like, "Hey, quiet down in there." >> Quiet down. >> Keep the lag under control. >> That's right. You had one job. sing are permitted inside the >> actually a really good version of this. I don't know who this is that sings it >> to bring refreshments in with you or purchase them inside. Like who would have thought of like doing that and being like let's make the chorus this big moment, you know, >> because in the in the regular song it's kind of like chill. Ashley Tisdale. I couldn't remember who did it. La. >> Oh, there you go. Johnny said it right at the same time. Oh, yeah. There's so much room. >> Yeah, but we still have >> Yeah. >> Well, this way we can get in the middle. See? Almost in the middle here. I also don't like having >> Oh, I know. >> Well, I I always try and get on end if I can >> cuz then I can see better, too. >> And then I can go way over. >> Oh, yeah. >> Well, you get you get you get put in there no matter what. >> Hey, friends. Either way, it is open. Either way. Yeah, that's fine. >> They're going to be right down this way. >> No, that's fine. >> Yeah, we do. on the other side. >> Let's try the other side. >> I don't think there's a pole in the way on that one. >> I don't think we're going to get through. Maybe not. >> Sideways. La. Um, yeah. >> There we go. Oh, that's a good idea, David. It gives you a good excuse. Go get drinks at the Brown Derby and tell the family you couldn't get back in. Then he doesn't have to sit in the crowd. >> David, can I go with you? >> Car box says, "Behave, lag monster." Yes. >> We can get churros, too. >> Go back to your cave, lag monster. >> We've been streaming for almost 4 hours and we're still at 25%. >> Good evening. Fantastic will begin in just 15 minutes. >> During the performance, the lights in the theater will be dim. For everyone's safety, we ask that you remain in your seats until the lighting level returns to normal. And for the safety of our performers, the use of laser pointers during the show is pull pull. Well, >> thank you and enjoy the show. >> You're welcome. Yep. It ended up the same. You want to go down? >> It's going to be hard to hard to see anything. So, I guess we got to go down a little bit. >> This isn't bad. We can leave a little room cuz they're not going to be I mean, it's only it's only 14 minutes. >> We might be better up here because they're going to make us go down anyway. And we have more room in front of us. I don't have to lift up as high. No, I know. But I'm saying I'm clo I'm close enough here that I don't close enough here that I'm not going to get yelled at. You see what I'm saying? I'm sure somebody might get in front of us. But yeah, this is fine. This works. >> All right, guys. I'm going to go ahead and plug in though because I don't want to have to worry about it during the show. I almost forgot I had it. >> What do you got? >> For my um meal I got. >> Oh, there we go. >> I got to get my lug backpack ready. >> Oh, did it come in the mail? >> It came. Yeah. >> Are you going to do a post on it or show them? >> Probably a post. Yeah, but I was asking him. He said he would have a referral link. So, I want to see what I got. >> I waited for him to reply to me. >> There we go. Corella Deville. Yeah, we did. >> I did. Yes, >> that was fun. Very fun. >> Too bad they don't make mugs. It could be called a lug mug. Yeah, that's that's a missed opportunity. I need to talk to the people that own the place. I'm sure they thought of that. >> But it is a good idea. >> No, they're really not. I've had those before. >> 12 minutes, guys. Not bad. Not bad. Time to watch Fantasmic on my Roku TV. It's the next best thing to be in there. Yes, that's the idea. That's the general idea. All ideas created through this stream need to go through our lawyers office. Contact DMV22. That's right, Mr. >> Taxi. Corleó says, "Fantasm was my grandmother's favorite." Yeah, it's a good show. Hello, Nanny Boo Bear. >> Problem with this backpack, it just kind of like doesn't stand up at all. >> Uh yeah, but it it was misleading. The only thing the only thing waterproof is the front pocket >> cuz there's stuff that's gotten wet in my uh >> main pocket. >> Do what? >> Oh yeah, the Disney thrills one. But it it it got a hole in the bottom. >> Good evening. The thrilling spectacle of Fantasmic is now just 10 minutes away. We would like to remind you that the lights in the theater will be dimmed during the performance. For everyone's safety, please remain in your seat until the lighting levels return to normal. Thank you for your cooperation and enjoy the show. >> You're welcome. >> So fun. in the hallway. >> Yes, I believe so. >> Next time we're doing backpack shopping. Yeah. >> I'll see if the lug bag is good. I don't I don't know that it's waterproof, but we'll see. >> I love the look bag because they have so many pockets of places. It's not luck. I like >> so magic though. >> Okay. >> Our friend Vanessa >> might have you hold it before the show wants to get your drink. >> 20 year anniversary for Hannah Montana. Wow. Didn't know that. >> That's awesome, Benjamin. Very cool. Yeah, I've seen that channel. GTV Japan. That's very cool. They have good videos. They have a Super Mario World one that I like a lot. Apparently, there's a new Super Mario movie coming out. We're going to see that next week. I really like the first one. >> Did you ever see the first one? It >> was very good. >> Okay. Why'd you get an oversized jacket? >> Oh, if you're checking the fit of the backpack, they can say it's a lug hug. >> I love that right here. >> A lug hug. Wow. >> 8 minutes everybody. 8 minutes >> still. It's so much room. >> Mhm. >> I know. When I would come, I sit over there still. One time I sat over there and there was nobody by me. It was amazing. >> More room than normal here right now, though. >> Yeah. >> You got >> Yeah. I wondered if they would be as strict about they're not letting people over there. Maybe because they don't want to clean it. >> Probably. They're like, "We know we're not going to need this." >> Tim's going to go see it next Wednesday. That's awesome. Tim. >> Tim, did you watch my HHM video? >> A thanks for being here. Appreciate you guys. Oh my goodness, David. That's chilly. 34. We're actually going to get chilly tonight. No, tomorrow evening for Florida. We're going to get in the 60s. >> Not like it was last week in the 40s. That was really cold. This time of year. >> Yeah. This is >> why I'm not building a computer right now. The AI has made everything go up. This used to be like $200 with us and now it's like $900. >> Sheesh. >> It's just >> they're they're not making enough of it and they're just sending it to all the server data center people. >> Gotcha. I got to wait till stuff goes down. >> Yep. >> If it ever does. >> Oh yeah. Have you seen this? >> They were so on April 1st. >> I saw that. >> I'd really like to go over for that. Oh, we we need to wherever it is or whenever it is when it's cool. I guess I'll have to watch it from there. But >> what's the first day? >> We really need to uh make sure we watch it. It'll be the Wednesday. >> Okay. >> Oh, it's this Wednesday >> at 1:00. >> It'll be the biggest um launch we've ever seen. >> I hope it's not cloudy. >> I know. >> Because a lot of the Falcon 9 stuff, they're cool, but they're very small compared to this. >> Okay. >> I mean, this has to have some horsepower to get to the moon. >> Good point. That's not horsepower before somebody tells me Josh is not horsepower. Yes, it is. >> Um, well, I mean, I could try to be live from a park before 1:00. >> Yeah, that'd be cool. I know when they used to launch the shuttle. You weren't here when they launched the shuttle. >> That was one of my first launches I ever saw from my apartment complex parking lot. >> Oh, wow. >> That is cool. >> It's a much bigger launch. It would be cool to go out there, but I don't think I'm going to make it out. I mean, I guess I could. >> Hey, if you knew, that would be I would love to watch that. >> I don't know if there's another if there's a convenient place to watch it too busy. >> Yeah, probably not. >> Sight and sounds of fantasy. For everyone's safety, please remain in your seats until the lighting level returns to normal. For the safety of our performers, the use of laser pointers during the show is strictly prohibited. And now, get ready to join Mickey Mouse as he conjures up a spectacular world of fantasy and fright in fantasmic. >> That's awesome, John. En enjoy the ticker tail. >> Do you know if you get an AP discount buying a Pandora charm? You do. You do get a discount 100%. I can't remember if it's >> 10 or 20 though. >> I haven't bought one in so long I forget. It might be 20. It's either 10 or 20, but you do get your discount. Oh, Emaro says it's at 6:24 p.m. the launch >> p.m. Oh, yeah. I thought you said 1:00 p.m. >> 6:2. I mean, I guess it's still light, but >> So, we might maybe we could go to a park together and see it. >> Yeah. >> Or we could go find it, I guess. >> Let's go find it. >> So, Falcon 9 are 230 ft tall. The Artemis is 322 ft tall. Almost 100 ft taller. >> Wow. >> The the Falcon 9 has 1.7 million pounds of thrust. The SLS has 8.8. >> Oh my. >> It's a lot more powerful. >> That is crazy. Looks like people say hello to that. >> Do you want me to just do it? I think my spot's better. >> Sure. >> Then I'm going to hand it back to you. >> I got you. >> At least for now. >> Okay. They said that if you get close to it, it says on on chat that it'll be loud. >> Louder than other all the other ones. >> How does it compared to a >> Yeah, you go. Keep going. >> Nemo. Wow, it's cool. >> That's so funny. David, the Artemis launch and I have something in common. The closer you get to each of us, the louder we are. >> Yep. Oh, I will see. That'll be pretty cool. It'll be historic. >> It'll be the biggest launch we've seen since Apollo, which neither of us were alive for. >> Remember Apollo 17, I believe, was the last moon launch in 72 or 73 before we were born. >> And building a Saturn 1B market while listening to you. That's so cool, Dave. >> Yeah. So, the Apollo rockets were called Saturn. Saturn 5, I think. astronaut. >> Do what? >> You didn't say you want to be an astronaut. >> Yeah, >> it's still pretty cool. But I would I'd love to go see one sometime, but I guess that >> Yeah, >> it'd be super cool to see a big one like this. >> They said all the hotels are already full, of course. But I was like, I don't need a hotel. I got my house. >> Oh, yeah. You have to be there early. >> I'm sure. I don't know. I'm sure locals may know like better places to watch. Oh, here we go. >> Sure. Can you see? >> Welcome to Fantastic. Tonight, our friend host Mickey Mouse uses his imagination to create magical imagery for all joy. Nothing is more wonderful than the imagination. For in a moment you can experience a beautiful fantasy or an exciting adventure. But beware, nothing is more powerful than the imagination, for it can also expand your greatest fears into an overwhelming nightmare. Are the powers of Mickey's incredible imagination strong enough and bright enough to withstand the evil forces that invade Mickey's dream? You are about to find out >> for we now invite you to join Mickey >> and experience fantasmic. >> A journey beyond your wildest imagination. >> Oh, they're right there. >> Fireflies. >> Are those real or fake? No, those are fake, right? Those are fireflies. >> They can't be real. See the video? You can >> see the light. Oh my god. Are they blasting? Why are you even laughing? Heat. Heat. Spider. Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my god. That's in your mind. And you can find in your imagination mysteries and magic visions. Fantastic leading to strange and wonderous trees. feel like green and the green. Now it's yellow according to >> Yeah, I think according to the green probably going to change now. >> Probably going to change like yellow. Christmas. There you go. Hello. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I got Heat. Heat. Wow. Huh? Mickey. What are you doing there? >> Hey, what's going on? I could use a little help. Hello. What I love about music is always changing, always flowing. But people, I guess, can't live like that. We all must pay a price. To be safe, we lose our chance of ever going around the river. Waiting just around the river. Heat. Heat. With all the force of the bra with all the strength of the raing fire. You must be smooth as a singing river with all the force of a great with all the raging fire as the dark side. I got it. One jump ahead of the hitman. One hit ahead of the clock. I think I'll take a stroll around the block. Hey, he's over there. Come on. This way. Let's go. Here it goes. All I got to do is jump. They find out there's so much more to me. Show yourself. I know you know yourself. Here I am. I've gone so far. You are the answer I've waited for all of my life. Oh, show yourself. Let me see who you are. Oh my darling home for love. Heat. Heat. Heat. You've come so far and I am the daughter of a village. We are descended voyagers who found their way across the world. They call me and it all. Like the sign always I will carry you here in my heart. You remind me. I know the way. I am my life. See your mind You can find in your imagination tales of enchantment beauty and romance happily ever after. >> That's why it can be. That's the point. >> Unexpectedly as the sun rising in the east, tail as old as time, song as beauty above. What can I hear if I could live all of these imagin They understand that they don't repent. Ride your river swimmer ready to stand. Someday my friends will come. Someday we'll find true love. Tail is oldest time. Oldest magic mirror come from the space. Even darkness I summon. Let me see your mist. >> Fame is thy beauty, majesty. But all three lovely maids I see. And here in Mickey's imagination, beauty and love will always sub. >> No. A magic spell in the black of night with a scream of bright and a boat of light. Turn my hair to fight. Now I'll turn that little mouse's dream into a nightmare fantasmic. Imagine this magic mirror on the wall. All the forces of evil I call. >> You have the power to control his mind. >> Yes. It's so exciting. >> Tonight, let's do the job and take his spirit tonight. >> Yes. Perfect. It's too late. Coward. It's time to say goodbye to Mickey. End of the game of wonder. Oh gosh. Look out. Look out. Oh, and now I can be Heat. Heat. Oh, look. A magic lamp. Maybe if I just rub it and wish Oh no. Rose. Oh, you'll love this. One more thing. All right. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Now you will deal with me and all the powers of my imagination. Oh no. Heat. Heat. I'm dangerous. What are you doing? Heat. Heat. You may think you're so powerful. Well, this is my dream. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. in your mind is magic night to find you with life. You use your mind to light in the light creating Heat. Heat. Some imagination, huh? Yay, Nikki. Yay. Yay, Nikki. Yay. >> Love, Nikki. Oh my goodness. >> All right, guys. >> Hope I did good. I tried to zoom in and out as much as I can. As much as I can. Oh, I Yeah, I was waiting. >> Supposed to go on the top. >> Okay. I was waiting. >> It must have been something. Yeah. >> I'm like, "Wait, where' Mickey go?" >> So then it looked like they said the same usually down below. >> Ah. >> All right. Well, either way, >> I usually wait a second or two. >> Oh, okay. Either way, it was still good. Oo, it is smoky and it's coming at us. >> Fantastic. >> It never gets old. I know. I love making clothes even more every time. >> I watch the show. >> Thank you for your cooperation and have a wonderful evening. >> Okay, >> I'm going to give you guys to Josh here in a minute. Hey, Facebook Magic. A thanks Monoa J. We were down to Mickey for Mickey. >> Kathleen says, "Great camera work." >> Thank you. I haven't watched it very many times, so that was cool. Like just with my eyes >> without the camera. >> I haven't seen the show and I don't know how. It's >> been a little while for me, too. But definitely not as long as for you cuz I think the last couple times I did that was by myself. >> Oh, yeah. >> Yeah, they did. >> Maybe. Yeah, that's right. Hi, how are you? Exit music. I count this as commentary. Yep. I always like this music so much. I bought the CD when I was like in 14 years old when we went to California. >> I still have it. >> Do you really? >> Yep. So, what are we doing next? Uh, we have to leave because uh everything's closed. The park closed at 9:30, but this is the last thing. Guess we'll go out and see if the shops are open just for fun. But yeah, other than that, we'll go. >> It's a long show. Forgot how long the show is. >> Yes, pretty much 30 minutes, give or take. >> Yeah, you got the soundtrack for both versions. Yeah, it's so cool. up. We're not doing car karaoke. No, Jinger, not this time. My favorite part. And I love how in the ending the uh this happens in Disneyland, too. The trumpets um transition between speakers. Brett pointed that out to me at Disneyland. They've got a program with different tracks. It's like up. It goes back and forth. It's really cool. That's why the boat's out. I actually I know they probably won't do this, but the Liberty Bell would fit here. >> Probably just a lot harder to move, so I'm sure it's heavier. >> Probably wouldn't fit backstage. That' probably be the problem. >> Oh, yeah. The cast member preview of Fantasmic was amazing. Everybody yell and scream. >> Yeah, they were so excited. We were all so excited. >> Here it comes. The big finish. Heat. Heat. and down. >> Every time that's such a marching band, isn't it? You got I got to add the and down. All right. If you if you've not been in marching band, you probably don't know, but like especially old school when I was at NIOU, every time we had a big ending to a song, we all had to scream and down. So, we all put our horns down at the same time >> and then it became just part of the song. It was like the last you play the last note and then the whole band would go and down. And so, it was like a big finish, you know? >> That's um >> I was thinking about this too. They were talking about, you know, we when we were watching the Broadway stuff at Festival of the Arts and we were looking at the backstage stuff and I was actually surprised >> to hear that like there's somebody that calls the show every time even though it's the same every night. >> There's a fork in the road too in fact. >> Okay. >> So, but I'm sure especially a show like this, I'm sure there's somebody that calls this every night, too. >> You'd have to because I would imagine I was looking at some of the the, you know, logistics of it. When Mickey picks up the sword with the firework in it, he doesn't launch that. They launch it. >> Yeah. Yeah, >> but what's interesting is I bet there's somebody literally or whoever's calling the show. Probably it's their job to make sure he's pointing it the right direction, not towards the crowd and all the things. I'm sure you know, everybody's highly trained. Obviously, that's one that's not all the other launches are controlled. These shirts are cool. >> Yeah, that's I don't know. So, anyway, >> good night. >> Good night. >> Good night. >> Uh, we can go that way and not have to go backstage maybe, though. They let us. >> Thank you for coming, my friends. Have a good night. >> Make sure we don't miss our winners. The exits are open, please. >> But either way, that um >> I just thought that was interesting. >> Yeah, >> it's hard to put a show together like this. That's why I know it took, >> you know, it took him a while to get it back going again. >> Sure. >> Don't be my friends. >> It's not an easy show. And then remember watching us too stream backstage. >> Yes, that was cool. Well, and so, you know, just all the little things that have to happen. And like our friend, you know, the cast member who who takes us out to the the dock sometimes, he was telling us how like certain elements of the show are called on site, >> you know, like even the if the wind pulls up, the the perimeter shots at Epcot are canceled. >> There's all these things for safety, they've got all that stuff is decided like at the moment. >> Yeah, makes sense. >> So, it is pretty cool. But yeah, that was one I thought is probably pretty touchy that somebody's going to be looking at that and making sure. Yep, he's pointing the right direction. Go. >> Yep. >> And that's that's a thing. >> What happened to Mickey? >> Well, and that's the other thing. Somebody's backstage making those calls, too. Now, that might have been made ahead of time. >> So, now I forget. Does Mickey always come up at the bottom and goes away and then comes He's at the top. >> He starts at the top and goes to the bottom. >> That's what I thought. >> So, there was kind of an anticlimactic moment where the music does this big swell and nothing happens. >> Okay. >> And there's nothing around. They can't get around that cuz the score is the score. No, I was I was like, wait, I couldn't cuz it's been so long. I couldn't remember if he went to the top or the >> Harascal says, "And then the start of the next drum cadence." That's right. And down two, three, four. Cadence. You know it. You know how it is. >> We're walking towards sunset. Yeah. Usually they don't let you go out this way, but it's easier for us to stream. We don't have to worry about being backstage. So, >> plus probably less crowded. >> Okay. Okay. So, I can't see hardly anything with my eyes, but this phone is seeing stuff. >> I see stuff. >> There's stuff. Well, no, but I mean like right here, I can't hardly see this bush, and I can kind of see it on the camera. Yeah, it's kind of cool. >> There's stuff to see. >> Which one? >> Yeah, it's a control booth um for um the projections, >> I think. Yes, I believe so. But um >> love this song. Ginger says, "Yeah, for sure." >> That I wanted to go here because of that. >> So I talked about the first three sponsors. >> Okay. Uh did you do David's DVC? >> Yep. >> Okay. So then after that is um >> search. Yeah. If you want to um keep your data safe online, >> especially when you're here in a public place. >> Yeah. When you're here in a public place or you're, you know, even out and about using Wi-Fi at Starbucks, airport, whatever. um or even at your house, you definitely want to keep your data safe with something called a VPN, which basically means virtual private network. And what it does, it sets up a literal private network between your device and the thing that you're sending it to. So nobody there's no way that anybody could intercept the data that you're sending. >> That means look, you can get a you can get a crowd-free picture of the tower terror right there. >> No, that means that you can keep your data safe online. >> Yeah, >> actually this is a good picture, right? >> It surely is. Where is my phone at? >> So, go check it out, guys. >> That's better. So, check it out. Surark.deals/resorttv1. Again, that's surark.deals resortv1. Go check it out. Uh, and you can get four months free if you use our code, surf shark.deals/resorttv1. get four extra months free with our code. And it already it's only I don't know $3 a month or something if you buy two years. It's very cheap. It keeps your data safe. Like I said, it's really really good to have in this day and age, especially with more and more scams and things going on, more and more people trying to steal your data. Uh this Surf Shark is just one more thing that you can do to have peace of mind. Especially, it's so important when you're traveling because what happens is a lot of people don't know this. They set people set up a fake hot spot and it'll even say like free Wi-Fi or something. It'll look very similar to the one that's there. Like say your airport, it might say Orlando airport free Wi-Fi, but then right below that's the real one. >> Well, you have no way of knowing which one's which. Well, if you get on to the wrong one, that person who sets that up probably is sitting around with a laptop somewhere. It would be very hard for somebody to detect who they were and they can sit there. Anything that you send through that connection, they can get. But if you have Sur Sharkark >> or any other VPN, but Sur Shark, you know, is the one that we use. Um, what'll happen is you'll be able to connect to them and they can't see anything you're doing because it creates a private tunnel. So then you're just using their internet for free, which is hilarious to me. They won't be able to see anything. Now, they can kick you off, but they can't see they could they could see that you're on a VPN and kick you off, but they cannot take anything from you because it'll just look like garbage to them. So, Surf Shark, very important, especially if you're traveling. Um, and definitely, yeah, check it out. And you can get it on your phone or whatever. And the cool thing about it is you pay one price and you can get it on every device. It's not like you have to say, "Oh, I got to buy one more membership for this device." No, every single thing in your whole family can get on there. Every tablet, every phone. So, yeah, go check it out. Start. TV1. They are open. >> Jody Benson is at the big uh C2E2 convention in Chicago. Oh, I didn't even know that was a thing. >> What convention? >> Thanks, Nphobic. Uh, C2 E2. I never heard of that. Yeah, me neither. >> What does that stand for? >> No idea, >> but I'm asking them. >> Oh, okay. >> Um, so all right, >> what was the other ones? Um, Dream Table. If you want to find um a really hard to get reservation here at Disney parks or any other Disney World or any other resort or cruise even, just um go to uh the app store, download Dream Table. It's a free download and then the subscription is very reasonable, like $9.99 a month or something. and you only need it for the time that you're here or you if you're here often like we are you could buy it for the whole year and it's very reasonable. So go check them out dreamtable.co or dreamtable on the app store and again they'll help you find um all the reservations and what happens is when you put in what you want the day you want the time frame and you can do a couple of them. Say you want to look at it for Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, you can put one in there's you know whatever amount you there I don't think there's a limit. So you can put one in for each day and then whichever one comes up first, you just take that one and then it takes you, this is what's cool. I tried this the other day. It takes you right to the page to book it. All you got to do is log in. >> So that's super cool. It's super easy. Go check out Chicago Comic and Entertainment Expo. Thank you. >> Okay. >> I will be live tomorrow. Somebody was asking uh at um probably around 11 or 12 and I'll be at Magic Kingdom. I'm going to plan to stay live through the parade. That's the plan. So it'll be fun. Well, that's fine. >> It looks like the shops are shop. The shops are open. >> The shops are shop. >> Yep. They are indeed open. >> Anyway, but if anybody wanted to know if the shops are open, at least for us, they are. That's not guaranteed every day, but they are for us. >> Mhm. >> So, anywh who uh I'm trying to think of what else. >> Uh Behind the Ride. >> Behind the Ride. Definitely go check them out. Behind the Ride on Amazon. That's Behind the Ride on Amazon. Go check them out. Uh, also Disney Demystified, which now has an audio book, also on Amazon. Go check them out. Um, let's see. Um, the, uh, Layer 1 Technology. Yeah, there you go. Layer 1 Technology, everybody. If you want UT support for your small or mediumsiz business, just check out layer onetone technology.com. Support at layer1 technology.com. Uh, I think that's it. We'll talk about our mop. We'll talk but thank you moppers. Thank you hoppers. We'll talk about all the things. Let me show them a couple of new screens. >> Yes. >> And then you can >> thank our platinum members. >> So guys, I was telling you at the beginning of the stream, if you're still here from the beginning, they got some new things in. And I have to show you because they're really cute. First of all, they have this new blind box or blind honeypot with different Winnie the Poos. It doesn't even show you what options you can get, but I guess they kind of look like that for $17.99. And then they've got these little guys. You got Winnie, Eeyore, Dumbo, Marie, >> Chipendale, Rapunzel, and Pascal. >> Olaf and Spin. >> Aren't they so cute? kind of went wrong. They're not shoulder pals. They're just little plushies and they are $19.99 each. Super fun. And then another new thing they got is over here. Well, they've got all the duckies and the plush keychain ducks. I think I've showed you guys that, but this is the other one that they just got in. Um, they got So, they had these like Tokyo Disney. Now they've got on a mansion, the plain black ones, the classic mini, and the rose gold mini. These are $17.99, I believe. Oh my word, I need this. >> Look at him. >> I like it. >> It's so cute. Well, it's red. $14.99. >> I do love how it focuses on cool stuff. That's really >> Yeah, that is nice. >> I love it. That's so cute. Okay, so Oh, and this is fun. They've got a lot of new magnets in. So, you can move this around what your mood is. If you're anxious, >> joy, if you have joy, >> sadness, >> that's sadness. That's uh on we >> And uh >> there's no yuck. >> There's no there's no disgust. >> Yuck. >> Yeah. >> Somebody had an anxiety shirt that said, "I'm fine. I'm fine. Everything's fine. We're fine. >> I'm fine. I'm fine. Everything's fine. Thanks. I'm fine. >> That's like the That's like the uh Star Wars one. >> I'm fine. I'm fine. How are you? >> I'm fine. I'm fine. >> So, and they also have these brand new Star Wars ears, which are really cool. I do like those a lot. >> I knew the classic ones. Yeah, I Oh, Josh, did you see the new Fourth of July shirt? >> Oh, yeah. We looked at that. I think >> I might need that. >> I think there one, too. >> Oh, that is cool. I haven't seen that one. I >> Yeah, I think I'm going to have to buy that. I don't have >> a good Fourth of July tea. >> I've got the America one you bought me. >> Oh, that's right. >> Look, I got my Gertie Shirty. >> Your Gertie Shirty. >> They should make a shirt that actually says Gertie Shirty. >> Shirty. I think it's like a lug mug. I think it's a missed opportunity. I think you got to have that >> Gertie Shirty. I don't need it right now. I better save my money. But I do like that a lot. Wait, what's this one? Yeah. >> R2. >> Can I get a >> a beep? >> Beep boop. >> Okay. That's adorable. They've been coming out with some really good shirts. >> I actually saw somebody wearing that earlier. So, >> really? Oh, these are fun. I haven't seen this one. Minnie and Mickey 70s and 80s. I like it. >> Yeah. Me, too. >> Digging it. >> All right. Cool beans. Oh, and they have a Fourth of July sweatshirt cuz you know >> it's cold here. I'm just kidding. >> For sure. It's Fourth of July. Yeah, I always need a sweatshirt then. >> All right, guys. Well, that is all the new merch. >> Did you want to show anything else? >> No, I think we're good. >> Okay, let's head out. >> We got the jazz in my head. I got to actually play with the jazz band yesterday and conduct. So, that was >> nice. >> I got to dust off the the kick the rust off as as they say. I was, it was so funny cuz I was playing something and I I got one really good and then the next time my finger just didn't do it and I looked at the kids and I was like was doing saxophone section. I was like, "I'm sorry. I haven't played since December." And they're like, "Really?" I was like They're like, "You're doing great." I was like, "It just takes a while to get the uh the dust off." >> Uh-huh. I don't think I'd be able to play flute, let me tell you. >> You probably be more s like I don't know. Yeah, you'd be out of practice. You probably could still make sounds on it. >> Yeah, I don't remember a lot of notes. I remember the B and the C. Yep. >> You remember the scale? >> Nope. >> All all the band people know what I'm talking about when I say the scale. Cuz there were actually 15, but like >> I don't know the scale. >> But yes, the B flat concert scale. B, C, D, E flat, F. >> G, A, B flat. >> Was I even in the right key? I don't know. Maybe I was. All right. I didn't. If I was, it wasn't intentional. Well, thanks for watching everybody. It's been awesome. We don't usually get to go this long at Hollywood Studios, so that's true. Very nice. Very, very nice. and we will see you um tomorrow and Jenna on Monday. >> Monday. Monday. Monday. >> Probably nothing on Sunday. I also have a vlog uh tomorrow after my stream. So stay tuned for that Mega Con vlog. That'll be fun. You'll get to watch Liam and I have a good time at the con. >> And I do have a vlog over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Guys, go check that out as well. It's from Universal. >> Shopping and HHN merch. >> Oh, cool. It's already Wow, that's crazy. They have one shirt out for the icon. >> One shirt. >> Really cool. >> Well, and a couple other things. So, watch the vlog. >> Okay. One good thing about trumpet, much easier to make my fingers work when I pick it up again. It's weird. Yeah. The trumpet though, it's hard to get your amisher to work again. >> Your amisher is the way you hold your mouth when you play. >> Amishure. >> You're sure about your amisher? >> Amisher. >> Yep. You're sure about your amisher? >> Um Oh, and I I actually put a short if you're curious. You want to preview the vlog on the retro channel? You have to, you know, you have to put I haven't posted much on there, so you have to post something every once in a while. >> Okay. >> So, I posted a short of the actress for Optimus and Megatron talking. >> Oh, neat. >> So, if you want a preview of it cuz actually in the vlog, I'm going to post the whole like 3minute clip of them doing they they read lines as Optimus and Megatron together >> in front of you guys. That's cool. >> Yeah, we there were people like almost in tears cuz I mean I will say even as as an adult, I was like, >> "Okay, that's one thing off the bucket list." Like I never thought I'd hear it live. >> That's cool. and they just like busted it out. >> That's cool. >> So anyway, >> all right everybody, we'll see you later. Oh, moppers, hoppers, uh and the Patreon members and the uh platinum members. Hold on. Please don't forget to subscribe if you're new, by the way. And thank you for hanging in. >> Subscribe button, everybody. >> All the um all of our uh members who stay all of our people who stayed up late with us. We appreciate you guys. All right. And if you're watching the replay, we appreciate you watching the replay. Uh, these are the $50 Patreon. Patreon, sorry. $50 platinum members. We appreciate Patreons as well. Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Love Go Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer, Mickey, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jayla Moxley, Cicander Danny, um, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Bismo, and Alan J. Thank you so so very much. And you might think you can't see me reading it, but I I do read it every time. And it's not because I can't memorize it because it it is, you know, we do read it a lot, but it's also just to see if any sometimes people get added and I don't notice it. So, I always try and read it to make sure I'm not missing anybody. >> That's right. >> All right. Well, we're selfie and we'll say good night. >> Thanks, guys. >> Thanks for watching and uh see you soon. >> All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great beautiful tomorrow. >> Bye-bye. Oh yeah. How are you?
