---
video_id: JtjGg2NFXYg
channel: ResortTV1
title: "What's New at the Disney Character Warehouse - Vineland Premium Outlet Mall - January 2026"
published: 2026-01-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtjGg2NFXYg
---
Hey guys, this is Jenna with Resort TV1. Today we're here at the Orlando Vinand Premium Outlets to go check out what's new at the Disney Character Warehouse. So, I'm hoping they have Christmas stuff there and who knows what else. So, I'm excited. Let's go check it out. Well, there's a line. I figured there would be. It's almost noon, so let's go see how long it takes. Well, first thing in the door and they have a ton of Christmas. I figured they would. Um, they have festival of the holidays spirit jersey for $29.99. It was $80 and that Figment Sweater is now $24.99. It was $80. Um, however, the smallest size they have is a medium, which that's that's good. They just they have no smalls. W for me. They have that cute Mickey Christmas hoodie that was so cute. Originally $70, it is now $29.99. >> They have that beautiful blue Mickey balloon pillow that is so soft. It was $39.99, now $14.99. What a good deal. Check it out. They have a new or not new, um, it was Christmas Christmas time tote bag for the Disney Cruise line. It's now $12.99. I don't see a price what the original was, but that's a great deal. How cute is that? They also have the um shirt for the Christmas party. Mickey's very merry Christmas party. Not very many sizes left in that, but it is $9.99. $10. It was $34.99. They have the Animal Kingdom one, the Mary. Love that. Uh, looks like all the prices have been taken off, so I can't tell you what the price is on that. This one's cute, though. This one's $12.99. It was $34.99. Got this really cute one. I love the colors on this. Again, $12.99. It was $34.99. And this one I had bought, but I ended up returning cuz it was just too big for me. It's that wide cut. Um, this is $12.99 now. Again, it was $34.99. I don't even remember seeing this one. this black one here. Oh. Oh, yes, I do. Tis the season on the back. I love all the things on the back. Um, it's now $14.99. It was $34.99 like the other ones. They have a couple of shirts from Mickey's Not So Scary Halloween shirts. Um, they're $1.99, but they don't have too many left. And then this Bambi Loungefly, which is amazing. Um, I don't think these were in the parks too long. They're $39.99 now, so $40. They were 80, so half off. They have a ton of the mini mixit. Some have hats on, some don't. We've got Tinkerbell here. See how much if I can find a price for these guys. Um I think they were around what? 20ome dollars. Oh, it's up on top there. They're $7.99 each. So we've got Goofy, we've got Alice, Mickey. I think this was the Christmas Mickey, but at that point they had started taking their hats off for some reason. Yep. And then we have Christmas Minnie. Adorable. We've got Peter Pan. I think that's it. That's it for this one. But then there's more. But wait, there's more. We've got um is this Donald or Daisy? One of them. I think it's Donald. Got Donald. We've got Pluto. I have him. I had to get him. He was adorable. Um, we also have Pascal. There's a lot of Pascals here. Some have hats, some don't. This one has his hat. We have Triumph. And we have Lady. All $7.99. Oh, and the original um Donald with his little space hat astronaut hat on. I love it. Oh my goodness. We have some Jollywood stuff. $39.99. Oh, don't. That's for the bag. That's a good deal on the bag. I feel like they were that in the park though before they left. $85 originally for this Loungefly crossbody bag. And then we've got the mug, which I almost bought, but it's that weird one where it holds a cookie. For a regular mug, I would have got it cuz I love Olli. Um, these are now $12.99. Originally $24.99. Come with the spoon. More Jollywood stuff. We have the spirit jersey. Um, let's see how much this spirit jersey is. $29.99. It was $85. And they've got larges on up. And oh, they even have the shirt. Now they do have smalls in the shirt. The shirt is $12.99. Originally, $34.99. H. I might have to get that. More Christmas things. I love this shirt so much. It'd go great with a Christmas skirt. It's now $19.99. It was $44.99. Um, we've got the Vessel of the Holidays mug for $12.99. I love the design of this one. It was $27.99. Right here is this beautiful sweatshirt. Originally $59.99 on sale for $19.99. The sweetest time of the year. They have a Mickey Santa big tote bag here for well oh $19.99. I'm not seeing original price on it though. I think they were like what $34.99 or $44.99 something like that. And we have the Walt Disney World tote bag. We saw the Cruise Line one. This is $9.99. Pretty good deal. And then there's a few uh Tis the Season little tote bags for $7.99 and they were 20. Oh my goodness. These ears are here for $9.99. I might have to pick up a pair. I've been wanting these for a while. I think they're originally $34.99. This adorable sweater was $69.99. Let's see if we can find the price now. >> They don't say. >> Oh my goodness. They have the Animal Kingdom ornaments from Christmas. They're $20. They were $39.99. What a good deal for that. Oh, we have an Ali. The Ali ornament as well. See how much Olly is. He's $7.99 now. Was $26.99. Oh, these are fun little trays for $9.99. They were $44.99. These are from Paris. I got mom a couple of things in that line. They have the bookends. $5.99 if you want a hot dog Mickey bookend. Here's a few more ornaments as well. Got one from Infanto. >> It lights up. I'm not seeing a price on it, though. Uh, swordless stone. And we've got a Pluto. If you want some of the home line, they have it. They have this pillow for $14.99. Originally $39.99. And then the vase is $14.99. Originally $34.99. What a good deal. Oh, I remember this mug. in this whole collection. It's a pretty big mug for $7.99. It was $19.99. And then there's a throw blanket here for $29.99. These are usually pretty expensive. That's what it looks like. $59.99 originally. So, yes, good deal on that. And they have a ton of those ears again, $9.99. And the light up Mickey necklaces for $7.99. And the calendar countdown $19.99. It was $60. All right, we have some pins here and lanyards. The lanyards are $6.99. Oh my goodness. I bought this one for original price. They're um I think they're all $6.99 now. I might have to get that one. These would be great for pin trading. What What are these? Limited release. I'm assuming these are pens. Oh, yeah. They were $17.99. But yeah, they've got Minnie Mouse, they've got a ton of Stitch. Um, let's see. We've got Donald, Goofy, and of course Mickey. But so many Stitchies. A I love this. This is so cute. It's a magnet. It was $20. Now it's $7.99. Got this cool frame that went with that whole line. $29.99. It is now $9.99. Oh my goodness. I almost bought this. Maybe I should get it. It's $7.99 now. It's from the Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party. It's got Main Street there in the middle of the cup. It was $ 199.99, so that's a pretty good deal. They also have the Spirit jersey. They also Oh my goodness. They have my size. It is still $29.99 though, which is better than it was, of course. Here's the back. Super cute. immediately. Add to cart. I don't even know how much you are. It doesn't say, but I've been wanting these forever. So, yep, add to cart. And they have a ton. Oh, they have the snow globe ones, too, from Babel Bar. Um 1999. Let's see. These um were $50. These were 40. So, I'm assuming they're less than $ 199.99, but we'll find out. Tons of mugs and cups and things. So, they've got these right here for $24.99. Um, originally 50. Oh, they have the cute Mickey straw topper there. Oh, and there's Mickey's on the cup. I didn't even see that. Little Mickey's. These are $19.99. I don't see an original price. Oh, these are $14.99. That is a good deal. They were 40. Loving that. We've got the Goofy bottle for $7.99. And then we've got the paging Mr. Marorrow one $14.99. It's got Space Mountain there on the top. They were $29.99. Oh, they have this one for $7.99. They've got some over there, too, but it's getting busy in here. There's a few more. We've got the Minnie Mouse. This one that goes with the collection from last year. They're originally $19.99 and they're all $7.99 for these mugs. Oh, they have um Power Line Max 24.99. Oh, here we go. We got the Runaway Railway. This one is $9.99. And we've got a Star Wars one with Princess Leia. Oh, and Rocket. >> Here's the corksicle. It is, I believe, $34.99 cuz these are pretty expensive normally. Yeah, they're $34.99. They were $50 for that. Oh, and then you've got the Minnie Mouse bottle here. Originally $34.99. Whoop and it is now $14.99. There's another one for $14.99. This one is $12.99. Originally 29.99. This one is $7.99. This one. Wow. It is plastic, I guess. Was $27.99. Yep. Oh, I loved this one. This one's 10. Um, I'm guessing $7.99. These are also $7.99 and $12.99 for this one. They have some character shirts. They've got Goofy and Pluto here for $12.99. They were $34.99. There's this t-shirt for $12.99. Oh, and they have this cup for $9.99. It was $24.99. Spider-Man hoodie. Spider-Man hoodie is $29.99. It was $84.99. >> And we have the Spider-Man shirt. That's a weird material >> for $14.99. No, it was 40. All right. So, the Pluto sweatshirt is now $14.99. They only have extra smalls. They were $60. Well, they have some of the make your own ears here. The bands are $1.99 like they were before. And they have the characters for $3.99. So, they've got Jack. They have Zero. He's so cute. I might need to get another Zero. We've got Oogie Boogie, Ham the Pig, and Sally. We have the Lasso Bear Bag. It was originally $39.99. It's on sale for $14.99 and they've got quite a few. Oh, and look, they have anxiety, as you know. >> Who doesn't? And um he is now $14.99. And there's a joy as well. Oh, look. They have the little bag that turns inside out from anxiety to joy for $19.99. Originally $44.99. The Christmas castle hat is now at $7.99. These were originally $30. That is a really good deal for those hats. Here's a better look at it. A ton of more shirts and spirit jerseys and things. Um there's this one from Play in the Park last year. This is $14.99. This one is also $14.99. Originally $34.99. There's a Monsters University sweater. Originally $80 is now $24.99. >> That is an amazing deal. >> Oh, and look at the I'm in charge here. The HeiHi shirt. Moana for $12.99. Oh my goodness. I did really like this shirt. I might have to buy it. It's $12.99 now. It was $36.99 and they do have my size. There's some cocoa ears here. I think these were here the last time I was here. They're $9.99 now. And uh Coco magnets. Wait, that's not a magnet. What is that? Oh, for your phone. Can put your credit card in there. $9.99. Oh, here's the magnets. We have some Cruise Line merch. Cute little mug here for $7.99. >> Cruise line. No, this is not Cruise Line. This is Riviera shirt for $14.99. And a Riviera. >> Wait, did you see this >> small little bag here for $34.99? The big one is $39.99. They are loungefly. So, this was originally 75 for the big bag and the small bag was 65. So, that is a really good deal. Oh, if you want the um dancing ghost ornament from Mickey's Not So Scary, they're only $2.99. And then the little irresistible pumpkin hats are $4.99. The Posent Apple is $2.99. What a good deal. The mug from Not So Scary is $19.99. And then this pumpkin mug is $4.99. What a good deal. It was $24.99. They also have the Loungefly bag here from Mickey's Not So Scary. $24.99. Now it was $90. These are really cute bags. Can be a cross body or a backpack. Well, they have some Christmas t-shirts here. Some youth ones are $7.99. Looks like the adult ones are also $7.99. Oh man, I wanted that shirt. Darn it. They don't have my size. Let's see how much it is. Well, it's $12.99 now. But yeah, they have Emperor's New Groove. They've got the uh pretzel. Oh, they have the Pick Your Poison one. That one was cute from Halloween. Oh, and this one. And I don't think they have my size. I almost bought this t-shirt. They do have the stitch one, which I have the Donald. I don't see Daisy. Oh, yeah. Donald and Daisy one that match. Oh, and the black one. I liked that black one. See if they have my size. Okay, this is super fun. And I don't even remember seeing these in the park. They're $14.99 for the mirror and little accessory holder. They also have a cute little frame for $14.99. Found some DVC things. There's a DVC mug here. I always loved the colors of this. It was $19.99 on sale for $7.99. This is like a rubbery I would say like an outdoor glass you can use for wine and stuff or you know whatever you want. It was $24.99 on sale for $12.99. They even have a DVC um can get for $19.99. It was $50. DVC t-shirt >> for $12.99. And then this nice Tommy Bahama shirt was Oh, it is $84.99. It was one Oops, I just dropped that. 178. Holy moly. Oh, these are cute. Little Lo Bear bag with bags for 1999. And then the Tiger bag is here. I have the Eeyore one, but the Tigger one's cute, too. I don't see a price. Maybe it's on this side. >> Oh, $12.99. They have these cute little um like Rubik's cubes. Rubik cubes, but they're um you know characters. This one is $9.99. Oh, I'm sorry. $4.99. That's even better. Looks like a cruise line keychain for $7.99. Oh, and a pen trading thing that you put on your lanyard for $5.99. It was $20. I just found some Tiana's Bayou merch. So, this looks like it's a a light up little cup zipper. $9.99. It was $16.99. And then we've got the fur blanket here. It's $24.99 now. It was 70. It's a really nice soft blanket. They also have the Louiswis hoodie. They don't have too many of these left from Tiana's Bayou Adventure. It is $29.99 and it was $80 for this. That's so cool, though. I love that. All right. I found a whole thing from Marathon Weekend. Okay. I didn't even think of them having that already. The spirit jersey is now $29.99. It was 80. Looks like all they have are extraarges on up. And they also have the baseball jersey. Baseball jersey is $29.99. It was 75 from Marathon Weekend. This jacket though, man, I wish I would have got here to get this jacket. That was pretty cool jacket. Zip up. They were originally I think a hundred. Let's look. 95, I'm sorry. And they're on sale for 40, $39.99. And they have a few mediums of the Run Disney just spirit jersey from last year. >> $24.99. And they have the um the leggings for $24.99. And they were the flared leggings. If you remember my video, they're really cute. They were $65. They say Marathon Weekend on the back. Looks like they have the uh Captain America Loungefly. It was 90. It's on sale for $44.99. >> Here's the sweatshirt I have on right now. That's too funny. They have one left. Extra small for $14.99. >> The Winnie the Pooh mug. Oh my goodness, that's so cute. It's only $7.99. It was $19.99. Pretty big mug. And then this one is also $7.99. The little stir spoon. a Winnie the Pooh button-up shirt that is really cute for $24.99. It was $64.99. I >> have these Mickey hoodies. These are so nice. I love the red. Um they are only $24.99 and they were $70. They have some mediums left. Not Not a lot of sizes. The Stitchy bag is here. He is $19.99. What a good deal. Very tempting, but man, I don't know what I'd do with that really big bag. These cute little uh Mickey backpacks for $5.99. Um I don't know what they originally are. It just says teal, but those are super cute. Some group magnets for $7.99. These as well. Looks like they have some more things from Wonders of Xandar. They have a scrunchie. And it looks like little like hair things. There's even Groot on that. Um they're $7.99. They were $14.99. They have these little Groot stress things. I have one of these. They're $3.99. Now they were $12.99. Well, it took us about 15 20 minutes, so it wasn't too bad. Probably more on the lines of 20. Um, but you can tell the line has gone way down. And it is, what time is it? 12:45. So, I don't know. Usually, first thing in the morning, it is a little bit more crowded. People want to get in there and get the things that are new. All right, guys. Well, that is it for our video here today at the Disney Character Warehouse. Hope you enjoyed coming along and checking it all out. There were so many things that I wanted, but I did get the one thing. I did get the stitch earrings, and they were only $12.99. So, what a good deal. I'm so glad I went in today. Um, but leave a comment down below what you would need if you were shopping with us today. So many things I wanted. Um, but yeah, always love going in and checking it out. All right, bop the like button. Check out all of our sponsors. Links are down below in the description of the video. We'll see you guys soon. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Go check out our sponsors mikblog.com and miktras.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning advice. Mickeyas.com to book your next trip to Disney. Also, resortv1homes.com. If you're wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resorttv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy. go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. And our last sponsor, David's Vacation Club Rentals at dbcrequests.com/tv. If you're wanting to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out again at dbcrequests.com/tv. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
