---
video_id: cD2h5HXUJ3o
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Friday Night Live Stream Announcement - 4-3-26 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-04-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cD2h5HXUJ3o
---
Hey guys, guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? It's Friday Night Live and tonight we'll be live. Well, not from here. No, sorry. We'll be live from Epcot. So, sorry. It's a little trick. It is April Fool's Day today. I'm filming this uh announcement video on April Fool's Day. So, happy late April Fool's Day. Um, but we'll be live from Epcot tonight at 6 PM Eastern time. But I thought I would do the announcement video while we're here because it's it's just beautiful. You can't beat the the castle and the sunset. So, uh, definitely join us tonight again, 600 p.m. Eastern time. Somebody's excited over there. Um, but yeah, we can't wait. It's going to be a fun night. We'll enjoy the, um, I almost said Festival of Flowers. We'll enjoy the Flower and Garden Festival. So many fun things to see and do. All the topiaries. We might even try some new food. You never know. We'll ride some rides, I'm sure. And then we'll, of course, enjoy uh Luminous at 9:00 p.m. So, definitely join in to see what all we do tonight or not tonight, but on Friday. Well, when you're watching it, it will be tonight. I know it's confusing. Uh but I hope you guys are having a good start to uh your weekend. So, happy happy weekend, everybody. And uh yeah, it's busy. It is packed here at Disney World. But yeah, we'll see you tonight on Friday Night Live. All right, everybody. Check out all of our awesome sponsors. Links are down below in the description of the video. We'll see you then. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Go check out our sponsors mikblog.com and mickeyras.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning advice. mickeyras.com to book your next trip to Disney. Also, resortv1homes.com. If you're wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resorttv1homes.com. brokered by EXP Realy. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realator for you in the area that you're looking. And our last sponsor, David Vacation Club Rentals at DBCrequest.com/tv. If you're wanting to book a stay at a Disney Deluxe Villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out again at dbcrequest.com/tv. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. [music]
