---
video_id: cvwdyfmD4Yc
channel: ResortTV1
title: "What's New at Disney Springs - January 2026 - Lots of New Merch, Closures & More"
published: 2026-01-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvwdyfmD4Yc
---
Hey guys, this is Jenna with Resort TV1. Hey guys, this is Jenna with Resort TV1. Hey guys, this is Jenna with Resort TV1. Today we're here at Disney Springs. Got Today we're here at Disney Springs. Got Today we're here at Disney Springs. Got World of Disney behind me here and it is World of Disney behind me here and it is World of Disney behind me here and it is a new month, well, a new year. It's a new month, well, a new year. It's a new month, well, a new year. It's come to Disney Springs and see what's come to Disney Springs and see what's come to Disney Springs and see what's new. Um, so I know there's lots of new new. Um, so I know there's lots of new new. Um, so I know there's lots of new merch. I'm kind of behind on all the merch. I'm kind of behind on all the merch. I'm kind of behind on all the merch and all the things since I've merch and all the things since I've merch and all the things since I've taken a little time off. Uh, thanks for, taken a little time off. Uh, thanks for, taken a little time off. Uh, thanks for, you know, all the prayers and thoughts you know, all the prayers and thoughts you know, all the prayers and thoughts and everything. Really, really and everything. Really, really and everything. Really, really appreciate you guys and um all the nice appreciate you guys and um all the nice appreciate you guys and um all the nice messages. But we're here at Disney. messages. But we're here at Disney. messages. But we're here at Disney. We're going to um Disney Springs. We're We're going to um Disney Springs. We're We're going to um Disney Springs. We're going to check everything out in World going to check everything out in World going to check everything out in World of Disney. Go around the rest of the uh of Disney. Go around the rest of the uh of Disney. Go around the rest of the uh Springs and uh show you what's new. So, Springs and uh show you what's new. So, Springs and uh show you what's new. So, let's go. All right. We're in It's still let's go. All right. We're in It's still let's go. All right. We're in It's still decorated for Christmas in here and decorated for Christmas in here and decorated for Christmas in here and outside Disney Springs. Um but usually outside Disney Springs. Um but usually outside Disney Springs. Um but usually that's till after the marathon, which is that's till after the marathon, which is that's till after the marathon, which is this weekend. So, they have some this weekend. So, they have some this weekend. So, they have some Wishables here, and these are the main Wishables here, and these are the main Wishables here, and these are the main characters, the Fab Five. characters, the Fab Five. characters, the Fab Five. And then these are brand new for And then these are brand new for And then these are brand new for January, and they're amazing. The January, and they're amazing. The January, and they're amazing. The Dalmatians. I actually got a couple Dalmatians. I actually got a couple Dalmatians. I actually got a couple boxes, so they don't have any out to boxes, so they don't have any out to boxes, so they don't have any out to show, but uh this is what they look show, but uh this is what they look show, but uh this is what they look like. They reminded me of Chloe. $17.99 like. They reminded me of Chloe. $17.99 like. They reminded me of Chloe. $17.99 for the box. for the box. for the box. They have Jiminy Cricket Shoulder Pal They have Jiminy Cricket Shoulder Pal They have Jiminy Cricket Shoulder Pal back in stock for $27.99. back in stock for $27.99. back in stock for $27.99. Here's a little rundown of some of the Here's a little rundown of some of the Here's a little rundown of some of the ones that they have. They do have ones that they have. They do have ones that they have. They do have Stitch. Stitch. Stitch. They have so many. They have Heii, Zazu, They have so many. They have Heii, Zazu, They have so many. They have Heii, Zazu, Chuby, Chuby, Chuby, Groot, and uh Grou. Groot, and uh Grou. Groot, and uh Grou. Lots and lots of plushies. Oh, they have Lots and lots of plushies. Oh, they have Lots and lots of plushies. Oh, they have the ones from Tiana's Bayou. Uh 15 when the ones from Tiana's Bayou. Uh 15 when the ones from Tiana's Bayou. Uh 15 when you buy two regular $24.99. you buy two regular $24.99. you buy two regular $24.99. Good deal. Good deal. Good deal. I love coming to uh Disney Springs and I love coming to uh Disney Springs and I love coming to uh Disney Springs and World of Disney in the morning cuz it's World of Disney in the morning cuz it's World of Disney in the morning cuz it's not as crowded. So nice. And look, they not as crowded. So nice. And look, they not as crowded. So nice. And look, they have some Valentine stuff. Let's check have some Valentine stuff. Let's check have some Valentine stuff. Let's check it out. it out. it out. Music is so loud in here, especially Music is so loud in here, especially Music is so loud in here, especially when it's not as crowded. So, uh, sorry when it's not as crowded. So, uh, sorry when it's not as crowded. So, uh, sorry for, you know, all the clips, copyright for, you know, all the clips, copyright for, you know, all the clips, copyright issues. Hopefully, we won't have any of issues. Hopefully, we won't have any of issues. Hopefully, we won't have any of that. But check it out, guys. This is so that. But check it out, guys. This is so that. But check it out, guys. This is so cute. The pink with the mini bow there cute. The pink with the mini bow there cute. The pink with the mini bow there with the red hearts. And it's uh, bling with the red hearts. And it's uh, bling with the red hearts. And it's uh, bling bling. 46.99. bling. 46.99. bling. 46.99. They have brand new ears for They have brand new ears for They have brand new ears for Valentine's. These are so pretty with Valentine's. These are so pretty with Valentine's. These are so pretty with the pink and the reds. Um, they are the pink and the reds. Um, they are the pink and the reds. Um, they are $36.99. Another new thing they have for $36.99. Another new thing they have for $36.99. Another new thing they have for Valentine's or anytime really is this Valentine's or anytime really is this Valentine's or anytime really is this hoodie. Got Minnie and Mickey there on hoodie. Got Minnie and Mickey there on hoodie. Got Minnie and Mickey there on the front. The back is so cute. Look at the front. The back is so cute. Look at the front. The back is so cute. Look at them. I love how their tails are making them. I love how their tails are making them. I love how their tails are making a heart. Adorable. Um, $59.99 for the a heart. Adorable. Um, $59.99 for the a heart. Adorable. Um, $59.99 for the hoodie. hoodie. hoodie. And then over here on this side, we have And then over here on this side, we have And then over here on this side, we have this um nice I don't know what do you this um nice I don't know what do you this um nice I don't know what do you call this? Crew neck call this? Crew neck call this? Crew neck for $59.99. Got the castle with a for $59.99. Got the castle with a for $59.99. Got the castle with a ribbon. ribbon. ribbon. It says the most magical place on earth. It says the most magical place on earth. It says the most magical place on earth. I love it. I love it. I love it. Loving these sweatshirts. So many Loving these sweatshirts. So many Loving these sweatshirts. So many sweatshirts right now, which I get. It's sweatshirts right now, which I get. It's sweatshirts right now, which I get. It's January and it does get chilly sometimes January and it does get chilly sometimes January and it does get chilly sometimes here. I love this pink color. here. I love this pink color. here. I love this pink color. $69.99. So there's pink, $69.99. So there's pink, $69.99. So there's pink, there's white. there's white. there's white. Well, that's it. Pink and white. I Well, that's it. Pink and white. I Well, that's it. Pink and white. I spotted this from afar. They look like spotted this from afar. They look like spotted this from afar. They look like um you know football jerseys but as a um you know football jerseys but as a um you know football jerseys but as a spirit jersey. So it says Walt Disney spirit jersey. So it says Walt Disney spirit jersey. So it says Walt Disney World has 71 when the park opened and World has 71 when the park opened and World has 71 when the park opened and it's got like that mesh jersey material. it's got like that mesh jersey material. it's got like that mesh jersey material. There's so many colors. There's so many colors. There's so many colors. They're really pretty. Um they are They're really pretty. Um they are They're really pretty. Um they are $79.99. $79.99. $79.99. So they have like a maroon, a green, a So they have like a maroon, a green, a So they have like a maroon, a green, a red, red, red, and a is that navy? Yeah, navy. and a is that navy? Yeah, navy. and a is that navy? Yeah, navy. Loving these character uh sweatshirts as Loving these character uh sweatshirts as Loving these character uh sweatshirts as well. Olaf. We've got Cheshure Cat. well. Olaf. We've got Cheshure Cat. well. Olaf. We've got Cheshure Cat. These are $64.99. These are $64.99. These are $64.99. Let's see who's on the other side. Okay. Let's see who's on the other side. Okay. Let's see who's on the other side. Okay. Well, it's different. We've got a Tiana Well, it's different. We've got a Tiana Well, it's different. We've got a Tiana sweatshirt, which I love. This is so sweatshirt, which I love. This is so sweatshirt, which I love. This is so pretty and so soft. Um pretty and so soft. Um pretty and so soft. Um $59.99. $59.99. $59.99. Then we have this tank uh baseball Then we have this tank uh baseball Then we have this tank uh baseball jersey. jersey. jersey. That is adorable. Oh, thank you. That's That is adorable. Oh, thank you. That's That is adorable. Oh, thank you. That's Glad they turned that down. $79.99. $79.99. $79.99. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, it's back on, but um &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, it's back on, but um &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, it's back on, but um &gt;&gt; they turned the Christmas music off. &gt;&gt; they turned the Christmas music off. &gt;&gt; they turned the Christmas music off. &gt;&gt; Funny. All right. Well, here's some of &gt;&gt; Funny. All right. Well, here's some of &gt;&gt; Funny. All right. Well, here's some of the ears they have. These were new the ears they have. These were new the ears they have. These were new around Christmas time. So pretty. And around Christmas time. So pretty. And around Christmas time. So pretty. And they've got that pretty velvety bow in they've got that pretty velvety bow in they've got that pretty velvety bow in the back. the back. the back. Not seen any other new ones yet. Do like Not seen any other new ones yet. Do like Not seen any other new ones yet. Do like these Chester Cat ones. these Chester Cat ones. these Chester Cat ones. Got your classic mini mouse ears. Oh, Got your classic mini mouse ears. Oh, Got your classic mini mouse ears. Oh, and these over here are brand new and I and these over here are brand new and I and these over here are brand new and I had to get them. They're amazing. had to get them. They're amazing. had to get them. They're amazing. They've got the four parts. They remind They've got the four parts. They remind They've got the four parts. They remind me of like a stained glass or like give me of like a stained glass or like give me of like a stained glass or like give me a retro vibe. But here's the other me a retro vibe. But here's the other me a retro vibe. But here's the other two parks in the back. And the nice two parks in the back. And the nice two parks in the back. And the nice thing is is the bow is detachable. So, thing is is the bow is detachable. So, thing is is the bow is detachable. So, you can change the bow from, you know, you can change the bow from, you know, you can change the bow from, you know, if you if you're going to these two if you if you're going to these two if you if you're going to these two parks, you can change it on this side or parks, you can change it on this side or parks, you can change it on this side or these two parks or you can just take it these two parks or you can just take it these two parks or you can just take it off altogether. Either way, but uh off altogether. Either way, but uh off altogether. Either way, but uh $36.99 for these. All right. So, I don't $36.99 for these. All right. So, I don't $36.99 for these. All right. So, I don't see any more ears that are new. They do see any more ears that are new. They do see any more ears that are new. They do have lots of the Tinkerbell ones and have lots of the Tinkerbell ones and have lots of the Tinkerbell ones and lots of the pink ones in stock. lots of the pink ones in stock. lots of the pink ones in stock. They have Judy Hops. Well, this isn't They have Judy Hops. Well, this isn't They have Judy Hops. Well, this isn't Judy Hops. This is Nick Wild. Judy Hops Judy Hops. This is Nick Wild. Judy Hops Judy Hops. This is Nick Wild. Judy Hops is on the other side from Zootopia. Got is on the other side from Zootopia. Got is on the other side from Zootopia. Got a lot of the new Zootopia stuff a lot of the new Zootopia stuff a lot of the new Zootopia stuff uh for the new attraction in uh Animal uh for the new attraction in uh Animal uh for the new attraction in uh Animal Kingdom. I did find a new pair. These Kingdom. I did find a new pair. These Kingdom. I did find a new pair. These are fairly new. Pirates ears. I love are fairly new. Pirates ears. I love are fairly new. Pirates ears. I love these so much. If I was going on a these so much. If I was going on a these so much. If I was going on a Disney cruise, I would have to get these Disney cruise, I would have to get these Disney cruise, I would have to get these for pirate night. $36.99, but they'd be for pirate night. $36.99, but they'd be for pirate night. $36.99, but they'd be great for Magic Kingdom, too. They have great for Magic Kingdom, too. They have great for Magic Kingdom, too. They have some hoodies over here, and they're all some hoodies over here, and they're all some hoodies over here, and they're all sparkly and bling bling, which I love. sparkly and bling bling, which I love. sparkly and bling bling, which I love. Got Donald here. $79.99 for all of Got Donald here. $79.99 for all of Got Donald here. $79.99 for all of these. Got Mickey, these. Got Mickey, these. Got Mickey, Minnie, Minnie, Minnie, Daisy. I really like this pretty like Daisy. I really like this pretty like Daisy. I really like this pretty like light lavender daisy hoodie. So pretty. light lavender daisy hoodie. So pretty. light lavender daisy hoodie. So pretty. And they have these back in stock. The And they have these back in stock. The And they have these back in stock. The Minnie Mouse dresses. These went so Minnie Mouse dresses. These went so Minnie Mouse dresses. These went so fast. They're like the athletic dress. fast. They're like the athletic dress. fast. They're like the athletic dress. It's $59.99 for that. Does have the It's $59.99 for that. Does have the It's $59.99 for that. Does have the built-in shorts. built-in shorts. built-in shorts. But wait, there's more. There's a black But wait, there's more. There's a black But wait, there's more. There's a black one, too, with the little castle on the one, too, with the little castle on the one, too, with the little castle on the front. front. front. Uh $69.99. Uh $69.99. Uh $69.99. It's really pretty. I like that a lot. It's really pretty. I like that a lot. It's really pretty. I like that a lot. lightweight, too. And they have the lightweight, too. And they have the lightweight, too. And they have the athletic skirts, too. $49.99. athletic skirts, too. $49.99. athletic skirts, too. $49.99. Again, that like nice wiki material. Again, that like nice wiki material. Again, that like nice wiki material. They do have the built-in shorts. They do have the built-in shorts. They do have the built-in shorts. So, they have the Mickey and the mini So, they have the Mickey and the mini So, they have the Mickey and the mini bling bling shirts, but I think this one bling bling shirts, but I think this one bling bling shirts, but I think this one is brand new. We've got Chip and Dale is brand new. We've got Chip and Dale is brand new. We've got Chip and Dale being so cute and sparkly. $44.99 for being so cute and sparkly. $44.99 for being so cute and sparkly. $44.99 for that. And I love this color. that. And I love this color. that. And I love this color. Another new sweatshirt. We've got Mickey Another new sweatshirt. We've got Mickey Another new sweatshirt. We've got Mickey here. Again, all bling blinged out. here. Again, all bling blinged out. here. Again, all bling blinged out. &gt;&gt; Love it. &gt;&gt; Love it. &gt;&gt; Love it. &gt;&gt; $69.99 for that. &gt;&gt; $69.99 for that. &gt;&gt; $69.99 for that. Spotted. I spotted. See what I did Spotted. I spotted. See what I did Spotted. I spotted. See what I did there? I spotted some 101 Dalmatian there? I spotted some 101 Dalmatian there? I spotted some 101 Dalmatian marks. Love the 101 Dalmatian. It's marks. Love the 101 Dalmatian. It's marks. Love the 101 Dalmatian. It's always been one of my faves. The spirit always been one of my faves. The spirit always been one of my faves. The spirit jersey is amazing. jersey is amazing. jersey is amazing. Corella is on the front at $79.99. It Corella is on the front at $79.99. It Corella is on the front at $79.99. It doesn't say, but we do have 101 doesn't say, but we do have 101 doesn't say, but we do have 101 Dalmatian t-shirt. Dalmatian t-shirt. Dalmatian t-shirt. So cute. So cute. So cute. &gt;&gt; 39.99. &gt;&gt; A look at the Loungefly wall. Not very &gt;&gt; A look at the Loungefly wall. Not very &gt;&gt; A look at the Loungefly wall. Not very many new ones right now. This one's many new ones right now. This one's many new ones right now. This one's fairly new with all the emotions and fairly new with all the emotions and fairly new with all the emotions and anxiety there in the middle for $80. anxiety there in the middle for $80. anxiety there in the middle for $80. Got Lo Bear. Oh, this one's new. So, we Got Lo Bear. Oh, this one's new. So, we Got Lo Bear. Oh, this one's new. So, we did find a new one. And there is some did find a new one. And there is some did find a new one. And there is some like embroidery here on the front. like embroidery here on the front. like embroidery here on the front. Mickey Mouse and the whole gang. Um, I Mickey Mouse and the whole gang. Um, I Mickey Mouse and the whole gang. Um, I like this one so much. It's just classic like this one so much. It's just classic like this one so much. It's just classic the characters and everything. $80. the characters and everything. $80. the characters and everything. $80. More lounge flies. We've got um the More lounge flies. We've got um the More lounge flies. We've got um the Peter Pan one like they're in the ride Peter Pan one like they're in the ride Peter Pan one like they're in the ride for 90. for 90. for 90. And then the Figment one is amazing as And then the Figment one is amazing as And then the Figment one is amazing as well. I love all the colors which would well. I love all the colors which would well. I love all the colors which would be great for Epcot Festly Arts. It's be great for Epcot Festly Arts. It's be great for Epcot Festly Arts. It's $80. They have some of the clock ones as They have some of the clock ones as They have some of the clock ones as well. This one is fairly new with all well. This one is fairly new with all well. This one is fairly new with all the Fantasy Land things on the front. the Fantasy Land things on the front. the Fantasy Land things on the front. Adorable. And it's like a light pink. Adorable. And it's like a light pink. Adorable. And it's like a light pink. See how much how much it is. $70. See how much how much it is. $70. See how much how much it is. $70. These are a little less than the other These are a little less than the other These are a little less than the other ones, but still nice. And they're nice ones, but still nice. And they're nice ones, but still nice. And they're nice big size. big size. big size. The Christmas train is still here. But The Christmas train is still here. But The Christmas train is still here. But oh my goodness, I swatted these new oh my goodness, I swatted these new oh my goodness, I swatted these new ears. I've been looking for these. These ears. I've been looking for these. These ears. I've been looking for these. These are amazing. that they've got Mickey and are amazing. that they've got Mickey and are amazing. that they've got Mickey and all the gang, Mickey, Minnie, Donald, all the gang, Mickey, Minnie, Donald, all the gang, Mickey, Minnie, Donald, and lots of the different park icons. and lots of the different park icons. and lots of the different park icons. The castle The castle The castle treats. treats. treats. The back is plain. This is Walt Disney The back is plain. This is Walt Disney The back is plain. This is Walt Disney World on the side. The bow is not World on the side. The bow is not World on the side. The bow is not detachable, but I love that sparkly bow. detachable, but I love that sparkly bow. detachable, but I love that sparkly bow. Oh my goodness. These are new, too. Oh my goodness. These are new, too. Oh my goodness. These are new, too. Okay, I'm loving all the new stuff. And Okay, I'm loving all the new stuff. And Okay, I'm loving all the new stuff. And they're in one of the main street they're in one of the main street they're in one of the main street vehicles riding up to the castle. vehicles riding up to the castle. vehicles riding up to the castle. $59.99. Nice embroidered there on the $59.99. Nice embroidered there on the $59.99. Nice embroidered there on the front. front. front. More new things. I get so excited when I More new things. I get so excited when I More new things. I get so excited when I see new things. Uh 36.99. I might need see new things. Uh 36.99. I might need see new things. Uh 36.99. I might need this. This is so classic. But and I love this. This is so classic. But and I love this. This is so classic. But and I love that the print is on the front. I just that the print is on the front. I just that the print is on the front. I just got to say love, love, love. If it's on got to say love, love, love. If it's on got to say love, love, love. If it's on the back, I always say you can't see it. the back, I always say you can't see it. the back, I always say you can't see it. If you're wearing a backpack, which most If you're wearing a backpack, which most If you're wearing a backpack, which most people at Disney are wearing backpacks? people at Disney are wearing backpacks? people at Disney are wearing backpacks? Yep. That might be an add to cart. I've Yep. That might be an add to cart. I've Yep. That might be an add to cart. I've got a bunch of uh sweatshirts up here. got a bunch of uh sweatshirts up here. got a bunch of uh sweatshirts up here. And I spotted a Wild Cats one. from High And I spotted a Wild Cats one. from High And I spotted a Wild Cats one. from High School Musical. $49.99. We've got this one. They've had this one We've got this one. They've had this one We've got this one. They've had this one for a little while. All the wintry for a little while. All the wintry for a little while. All the wintry things up front. Hats and scarves. things up front. Hats and scarves. things up front. Hats and scarves. This one's cute though with Hercules and This one's cute though with Hercules and This one's cute though with Hercules and Meg. Meg. Meg. $49.99. Great for Valentine's Day. $49.99. Great for Valentine's Day. $49.99. Great for Valentine's Day. And then they just have the classic And then they just have the classic And then they just have the classic Mickey nice black sweatshirt. These Mickey nice black sweatshirt. These Mickey nice black sweatshirt. These aren't the thicker uh sweatshirts. These aren't the thicker uh sweatshirts. These aren't the thicker uh sweatshirts. These are the bit thinner, but still nice. are the bit thinner, but still nice. are the bit thinner, but still nice. We have a couple of these reusable bags We have a couple of these reusable bags We have a couple of these reusable bags here. I love Winnie. here. I love Winnie. here. I love Winnie. &gt;&gt; Spring is in the air. Oh, Disney World. &gt;&gt; Spring is in the air. Oh, Disney World. &gt;&gt; Spring is in the air. Oh, Disney World. Look at them. Hi, the castle. Look at them. Hi, the castle. Look at them. Hi, the castle. Mickey Mickey Mickey Park ready. And then Pizza Planet. And Park ready. And then Pizza Planet. And Park ready. And then Pizza Planet. And these are $19.99 for the totes. these are $19.99 for the totes. these are $19.99 for the totes. Well, we're in the t-shirt section now. Well, we're in the t-shirt section now. Well, we're in the t-shirt section now. And they have been getting some new And they have been getting some new And they have been getting some new t-shirts in. So, let's check them out. t-shirts in. So, let's check them out. t-shirts in. So, let's check them out. We've got High School Musical T-shirt We've got High School Musical T-shirt We've got High School Musical T-shirt with Goofy and the gang. High school with Goofy and the gang. High school with Goofy and the gang. High school music. Oh, sorry. High school goofical music. Oh, sorry. High school goofical music. Oh, sorry. High school goofical three senior year. Amazing. Here's the three senior year. Amazing. Here's the three senior year. Amazing. Here's the prices on the t-shirts. prices on the t-shirts. prices on the t-shirts. Well, I know which one mom's going to Well, I know which one mom's going to Well, I know which one mom's going to need. They are on their way. Mom and need. They are on their way. Mom and need. They are on their way. Mom and dad, she's going to need that one. Just dad, she's going to need that one. Just dad, she's going to need that one. Just like the bag. I love this one. I might like the bag. I love this one. I might like the bag. I love this one. I might need that one. We'll see. So cute. need that one. We'll see. So cute. need that one. We'll see. So cute. I have this one. I have this one. I have this one. Here's some more new ones. We've got a Here's some more new ones. We've got a Here's some more new ones. We've got a Beauty and the Beast one. Looks like the Beauty and the Beast one. Looks like the Beauty and the Beast one. Looks like the front of the old VHS tape. And we've got front of the old VHS tape. And we've got front of the old VHS tape. And we've got a cheer shirt. a cheer shirt. a cheer shirt. Couple more new ones. We've got Goofy Couple more new ones. We've got Goofy Couple more new ones. We've got Goofy making a goal and Minnie's dance school. making a goal and Minnie's dance school. making a goal and Minnie's dance school. Love both of those designs. Love both of those designs. Love both of those designs. We've got a Tinkerbell one. This is the We've got a Tinkerbell one. This is the We've got a Tinkerbell one. This is the one I think I'm gonna have to get. Just one I think I'm gonna have to get. Just one I think I'm gonna have to get. Just a Disney park girl. Oh, shoot. They're a Disney park girl. Oh, shoot. They're a Disney park girl. Oh, shoot. They're out of extra smalls. How sad. Okay, out of extra smalls. How sad. Okay, out of extra smalls. How sad. Okay, we'll see. But I do like that one. This we'll see. But I do like that one. This we'll see. But I do like that one. This was the other one. I really did like the was the other one. I really did like the was the other one. I really did like the Walt Disney World. Walt Disney World. Walt Disney World. Those are going quick. All the extra Those are going quick. All the extra Those are going quick. All the extra smalls are gone. smalls are gone. smalls are gone. We've also got uh Because I'm a lady, We've also got uh Because I'm a lady, We've also got uh Because I'm a lady, Marie from the Arisa. Marie from the Arisa. Marie from the Arisa. We've got Jesse. Hey darling, and outfit We've got Jesse. Hey darling, and outfit We've got Jesse. Hey darling, and outfit repeater Lizzie Maguire. Love them all. repeater Lizzie Maguire. Love them all. repeater Lizzie Maguire. Love them all. How do you pick? How do you pick? How do you pick? We've got Wreck-It Ralph Game over. We've got Wreck-It Ralph Game over. We've got Wreck-It Ralph Game over. So Much for True Love, Evil Queen, So Much for True Love, Evil Queen, So Much for True Love, Evil Queen, Menace Mode. Okay, I'm liking the Menace Mode. Okay, I'm liking the Menace Mode. Okay, I'm liking the villains tease as well. Getting ready villains tease as well. Getting ready villains tease as well. Getting ready for Villains Land. Made for Mayhem, it for Villains Land. Made for Mayhem, it for Villains Land. Made for Mayhem, it says. says. says. There's another Easter shirt. I love There's another Easter shirt. I love There's another Easter shirt. I love that they're doing Easter shirts. Look that they're doing Easter shirts. Look that they're doing Easter shirts. Look how cute. Oh my goodness. how cute. Oh my goodness. how cute. Oh my goodness. And then we've got a foxy dad. And then we've got a foxy dad. And then we've got a foxy dad. Is he like Nick, maybe? Is he like Nick, maybe? Is he like Nick, maybe? Mc Wild. Mc Wild. Mc Wild. Couple more new ones. We've got Ducks of Couple more new ones. We've got Ducks of Couple more new ones. We've got Ducks of Disney. Disney. Disney. All the little ducks on there. And then All the little ducks on there. And then All the little ducks on there. And then a World of Disney shirt. Okay, I love a World of Disney shirt. Okay, I love a World of Disney shirt. Okay, I love this. They have one for the Emporium, this. They have one for the Emporium, this. They have one for the Emporium, too. How fun is that? And then this too. How fun is that? And then this too. How fun is that? And then this ducks in front of the Magic Kingdom ducks in front of the Magic Kingdom ducks in front of the Magic Kingdom Castle. Adorable. Castle. Adorable. Castle. Adorable. And another new one. Life of the Marty. And another new one. Life of the Marty. And another new one. Life of the Marty. Marty Gro shirt here with uh Louiswis. Marty Gro shirt here with uh Louiswis. Marty Gro shirt here with uh Louiswis. I love it. Oh my goodness, that's so I love it. Oh my goodness, that's so I love it. Oh my goodness, that's so cute. cute. cute. And Ray. I just spotted Ray. Okay, And Ray. I just spotted Ray. Okay, And Ray. I just spotted Ray. Okay, that's adorable. Might need that for that's adorable. Might need that for that's adorable. Might need that for Marty girl. We'll see. Marty girl. We'll see. Marty girl. We'll see. Found some new stuff. Most magical day Found some new stuff. Most magical day Found some new stuff. Most magical day ever. Look, he's got a park map. That is ever. Look, he's got a park map. That is ever. Look, he's got a park map. That is adorable. How much are you making? adorable. How much are you making? adorable. How much are you making? $29.99. $29.99. $29.99. We have a uh figurine set with all the We have a uh figurine set with all the We have a uh figurine set with all the characters ready for their day. $39.99 characters ready for their day. $39.99 characters ready for their day. $39.99 and a little kid onesie. and a little kid onesie. and a little kid onesie. $26.99. $26.99. $26.99. More new things. So excited. Okay, this More new things. So excited. Okay, this More new things. So excited. Okay, this mug mug mug &gt;&gt; might be an add to cart. Look at this &gt;&gt; might be an add to cart. Look at this &gt;&gt; might be an add to cart. Look at this mug. mug. mug. I love the Montreal handle. Says Walt I love the Montreal handle. Says Walt I love the Montreal handle. Says Walt Disney World there on the back. $22.99 Disney World there on the back. $22.99 Disney World there on the back. $22.99 for the mug. That's amazing. for the mug. That's amazing. for the mug. That's amazing. &gt;&gt; They have a chocolate flavored Rice &gt;&gt; They have a chocolate flavored Rice &gt;&gt; They have a chocolate flavored Rice Krispie. I've never seen them make Krispie. I've never seen them make Krispie. I've never seen them make chocolate ones before. Okay, I might chocolate ones before. Okay, I might chocolate ones before. Okay, I might have to try that. They have taffy. have to try that. They have taffy. have to try that. They have taffy. There's a kids cup down here. That's There's a kids cup down here. That's There's a kids cup down here. That's adorable. adorable. adorable. $19.99. And then we've got the the water $19.99. And then we've got the the water $19.99. And then we've got the the water bottle. bottle. bottle. Oh my word, I love all these sayings on Oh my word, I love all these sayings on Oh my word, I love all these sayings on here. here. here. Uh $34.99 and it's got the little clip Uh $34.99 and it's got the little clip Uh $34.99 and it's got the little clip so you can clip it to your backpack so you can clip it to your backpack so you can clip it to your backpack which is so nice. More sweatpants. which is so nice. More sweatpants. which is so nice. More sweatpants. &gt;&gt; Loving the things on the sides. &gt;&gt; Loving the things on the sides. &gt;&gt; Loving the things on the sides. This is Walt Disney World. They're so This is Walt Disney World. They're so This is Walt Disney World. They're so soft. $49.99. soft. $49.99. soft. $49.99. You've got the cards. I haven't I don't You've got the cards. I haven't I don't You've got the cards. I haven't I don't think I've seen card set for a while. think I've seen card set for a while. think I've seen card set for a while. $14.99. $14.99. $14.99. You've got your autograph book complete You've got your autograph book complete You've got your autograph book complete with pin with pin with pin for magenta, whatever that is. And a new for magenta, whatever that is. And a new for magenta, whatever that is. And a new spirit jersey spirit jersey spirit jersey back. back. back. More new things. I love this castle More new things. I love this castle More new things. I love this castle collection that they have. They had ears collection that they have. They had ears collection that they have. They had ears to match, but obviously they sold out. I to match, but obviously they sold out. I to match, but obviously they sold out. I did see them at Magic Kingdom, though, did see them at Magic Kingdom, though, did see them at Magic Kingdom, though, so they could be there. But check out so they could be there. But check out so they could be there. But check out this mug. I love it. So pretty. does this mug. I love it. So pretty. does this mug. I love it. So pretty. does have gold on it though, so I doubt it's have gold on it though, so I doubt it's have gold on it though, so I doubt it's microwave or dishwasher safe. It's 1999. microwave or dishwasher safe. It's 1999. microwave or dishwasher safe. It's 1999. You have a fancy pen here for, you know, You have a fancy pen here for, you know, You have a fancy pen here for, you know, autographs and things. $34.99 autographs and things. $34.99 autographs and things. $34.99 and this nice water bottle. It's 10. $39.99 $39.99 $39.99 and a photo album. &gt;&gt; 1999. &gt;&gt; 1999. &gt;&gt; 1999. There's also a photo frame in this There's also a photo frame in this There's also a photo frame in this collection and it is beautiful. collection and it is beautiful. collection and it is beautiful. See if I can find a price. See if I can find a price. See if I can find a price. $34.99. $34.99. $34.99. And of course, a spirit jersey that goes And of course, a spirit jersey that goes And of course, a spirit jersey that goes with the collection as well. This one is with the collection as well. This one is with the collection as well. This one is $84.99. A little pricey, but it is $84.99. A little pricey, but it is $84.99. A little pricey, but it is really pretty. It's a nice light blue, really pretty. It's a nice light blue, really pretty. It's a nice light blue, blue gray with all the gold details. So blue gray with all the gold details. So blue gray with all the gold details. So cute. And they have all of the 2026 cute. And they have all of the 2026 cute. And they have all of the 2026 stuff here towards the back. Um, almost stuff here towards the back. Um, almost stuff here towards the back. Um, almost where the Christmas stuff was located, where the Christmas stuff was located, where the Christmas stuff was located, but on the other side here, I'm sure but on the other side here, I'm sure but on the other side here, I'm sure they'll move it, but for now, that's they'll move it, but for now, that's they'll move it, but for now, that's where it's at. Let's check it out. I where it's at. Let's check it out. I where it's at. Let's check it out. I love the mug with the Mickey handle. love the mug with the Mickey handle. love the mug with the Mickey handle. that. We have the irresistible hat for that. We have the irresistible hat for that. We have the irresistible hat for your 2026 semi truck for $29.99. your 2026 semi truck for $29.99. your 2026 semi truck for $29.99. Here's the 2026 ears for this year. And Here's the 2026 ears for this year. And Here's the 2026 ears for this year. And I love these so much. They're very I love these so much. They're very I love these so much. They're very retro, very pretty. And uh they don't retro, very pretty. And uh they don't retro, very pretty. And uh they don't say 2026 like really big on the front. say 2026 like really big on the front. say 2026 like really big on the front. It's just here on the side, which I It's just here on the side, which I It's just here on the side, which I absolutely love. So, you know, you can absolutely love. So, you know, you can absolutely love. So, you know, you can wear them whenever you want. wear them whenever you want. wear them whenever you want. I have some 2026 light up necklaces I have some 2026 light up necklaces I have some 2026 light up necklaces and this 2026 backpack which is amazing. and this 2026 backpack which is amazing. and this 2026 backpack which is amazing. It's bigger size, but um it's really It's bigger size, but um it's really It's bigger size, but um it's really nice and it does have the ear holder nice and it does have the ear holder nice and it does have the ear holder here. It has good places for water here. It has good places for water here. It has good places for water bottles. bottles. bottles. It is $59.99. It is $59.99. It is $59.99. Here's what the back looks like. Here's what the back looks like. Here's what the back looks like. We have a photo album, a baseball, We have a photo album, a baseball, We have a photo album, a baseball, a bus. a bus. a bus. I mean, all the things. The Skyliner I mean, all the things. The Skyliner I mean, all the things. The Skyliner though, I love. I wonder if they're though, I love. I wonder if they're though, I love. I wonder if they're going to make one like this, like an going to make one like this, like an going to make one like this, like an actual Skyliner. $22.99 for this one. actual Skyliner. $22.99 for this one. actual Skyliner. $22.99 for this one. And of course, we have our 2026 Mickey And of course, we have our 2026 Mickey And of course, we have our 2026 Mickey for 2029. 29.99. Sorry, messed that up. for 2029. 29.99. Sorry, messed that up. for 2029. 29.99. Sorry, messed that up. Even has 2026 on his shoes. So cute. And Even has 2026 on his shoes. So cute. And Even has 2026 on his shoes. So cute. And look at the photo frame. I do love look at the photo frame. I do love look at the photo frame. I do love these. these. these. $29.99. Put your photo in there from $29.99. Put your photo in there from $29.99. Put your photo in there from Got the shirt here. Got the shirt here. Got the shirt here. $36.99. This design is on the back. So $36.99. This design is on the back. So $36.99. This design is on the back. So that's all right. It's so cute. And your that's all right. It's so cute. And your that's all right. It's so cute. And your And they have the light up. 2026 years And they have the light up. 2026 years And they have the light up. 2026 years for 2029. Sorry, goodness. 2026 for for 2029. Sorry, goodness. 2026 for for 2029. Sorry, goodness. 2026 for $29.99. Ma'am, I need coffee. And that's $29.99. Ma'am, I need coffee. And that's $29.99. Ma'am, I need coffee. And that's where I'm heading right now. After I where I'm heading right now. After I where I'm heading right now. After I show you this amazing hoodie. show you this amazing hoodie. show you this amazing hoodie. The hoodie is $69.99. The hoodie is $69.99. The hoodie is $69.99. But wait, there's more. There's another But wait, there's more. There's another But wait, there's more. There's another hat for $32.99. hat for $32.99. hat for $32.99. Couple more 2026 things to show you and Couple more 2026 things to show you and Couple more 2026 things to show you and then it's coffee time. We have a this then it's coffee time. We have a this then it's coffee time. We have a this nice hoodie. Nice embroidered. nice hoodie. Nice embroidered. nice hoodie. Nice embroidered. And then here's the back. And then here's the back. And then here's the back. And I like the print on the inside of And I like the print on the inside of And I like the print on the inside of the hood, too. And we've got the 2026 the hood, too. And we've got the 2026 the hood, too. And we've got the 2026 lady shirt for $34.99. Believe it's lady shirt for $34.99. Believe it's lady shirt for $34.99. Believe it's plain on the back. Yes, it is. plain on the back. Yes, it is. plain on the back. Yes, it is. Well, this whole back wall now is Mickey Well, this whole back wall now is Mickey Well, this whole back wall now is Mickey and Friends things. It was Christmas. and Friends things. It was Christmas. and Friends things. It was Christmas. Um, but I spotted some new t-shirts. And Um, but I spotted some new t-shirts. And Um, but I spotted some new t-shirts. And man, do these give me 90s vibes. Um, man, do these give me 90s vibes. Um, man, do these give me 90s vibes. Um, really cute. It's $39.99. really cute. It's $39.99. really cute. It's $39.99. Embroidered Mickey on there. Embroidered Mickey on there. Embroidered Mickey on there. And they've got the cute hat here with And they've got the cute hat here with And they've got the cute hat here with all the characters for $32.99. all the characters for $32.99. all the characters for $32.99. They also have a Donald and this um same They also have a Donald and this um same They also have a Donald and this um same like ribbed t-shirt. like ribbed t-shirt. like ribbed t-shirt. So cute. And again, '9s. We've got the So cute. And again, '9s. We've got the So cute. And again, '9s. We've got the jean button-up or denim, sorry, jean button-up or denim, sorry, jean button-up or denim, sorry, button-up shirt for $79.99 with button-up shirt for $79.99 with button-up shirt for $79.99 with embroidered characters and the whole embroidered characters and the whole embroidered characters and the whole gang on the back. I had one of Winnie of gang on the back. I had one of Winnie of gang on the back. I had one of Winnie of the Pooh and Friends when I was I think the Pooh and Friends when I was I think the Pooh and Friends when I was I think in high school. They have a Daisy in in high school. They have a Daisy in in high school. They have a Daisy in this shirt as well. this shirt as well. this shirt as well. And then Minnie Mouse in the pink. And then Minnie Mouse in the pink. And then Minnie Mouse in the pink. Loving this sweatshirt with Mickey. I Loving this sweatshirt with Mickey. I Loving this sweatshirt with Mickey. I love the red color, the embroidery. It's love the red color, the embroidery. It's love the red color, the embroidery. It's got the castle in the background there. got the castle in the background there. got the castle in the background there. And then it's got these nice little And then it's got these nice little And then it's got these nice little details on the side and on the bottom of details on the side and on the bottom of details on the side and on the bottom of the sweatshirt. It's $59.99. the sweatshirt. It's $59.99. the sweatshirt. It's $59.99. There's a Goofy one in that same um There's a Goofy one in that same um There's a Goofy one in that same um style. Looks like they don't have very style. Looks like they don't have very style. Looks like they don't have very many left though. Either they just got many left though. Either they just got many left though. Either they just got it in I think they just got it in or he it in I think they just got it in or he it in I think they just got it in or he sold quick. One of the two. We have this sold quick. One of the two. We have this sold quick. One of the two. We have this nice fuzzy Mickey and Minnie coat nice fuzzy Mickey and Minnie coat nice fuzzy Mickey and Minnie coat basically for $129.99. But man, that basically for $129.99. But man, that basically for $129.99. But man, that would be nice and warm on a cold day at would be nice and warm on a cold day at would be nice and warm on a cold day at Disney. Goes great with these plushy Disney. Goes great with these plushy Disney. Goes great with these plushy ears. ears. ears. Well, I spotted this new um Starbucks Well, I spotted this new um Starbucks Well, I spotted this new um Starbucks cup. It's a nice big cup with a straw cup. It's a nice big cup with a straw cup. It's a nice big cup with a straw and it's got Wy the Pooh and the and it's got Wy the Pooh and the and it's got Wy the Pooh and the characters all over it for $49.99. More new Starbucks cups and these are More new Starbucks cups and these are More new Starbucks cups and these are amazing. We have um pink and blue. It's amazing. We have um pink and blue. It's amazing. We have um pink and blue. It's got a nice cute ribbon there on the top. got a nice cute ribbon there on the top. got a nice cute ribbon there on the top. It says Starbucks on the inside of the It says Starbucks on the inside of the It says Starbucks on the inside of the cup. These are $29.99 and it's got the cup. These are $29.99 and it's got the cup. These are $29.99 and it's got the ribbon all around the back of the cup. ribbon all around the back of the cup. ribbon all around the back of the cup. Here is a brand new mug. And we've got Here is a brand new mug. And we've got Here is a brand new mug. And we've got Kermit on this like barrel looking mug Kermit on this like barrel looking mug Kermit on this like barrel looking mug from Muppet Treasure Island. You don't from Muppet Treasure Island. You don't from Muppet Treasure Island. You don't see merch for that very Oh my goodness. see merch for that very Oh my goodness. see merch for that very Oh my goodness. Rizzles on the bottom. 27.99. Rizzles on the bottom. 27.99. Rizzles on the bottom. 27.99. New candles. I like the Living in New candles. I like the Living in New candles. I like the Living in Fantasy Land one. supposed to be a rose Fantasy Land one. supposed to be a rose Fantasy Land one. supposed to be a rose garden scented. garden scented. garden scented. It's $34.99. Look at Winnie and his It's $34.99. Look at Winnie and his It's $34.99. Look at Winnie and his little on top of the little honey pot little on top of the little honey pot little on top of the little honey pot here. here. here. This is warm cinnamon honey. $44.99. It This is warm cinnamon honey. $44.99. It This is warm cinnamon honey. $44.99. It does have the lid. does have the lid. does have the lid. What else do we have? Oh, we have the What else do we have? Oh, we have the What else do we have? Oh, we have the tiki one rosé. This one is island tiki one rosé. This one is island tiki one rosé. This one is island coconut jasmine amber for $44.99. coconut jasmine amber for $44.99. coconut jasmine amber for $44.99. And then the small world one. Oh my And then the small world one. Oh my And then the small world one. Oh my goodness, this is cute. goodness, this is cute. goodness, this is cute. Again, $44.99. It is fresh citrus. Again, $44.99. It is fresh citrus. Again, $44.99. It is fresh citrus. They have brand new map collection. And They have brand new map collection. And They have brand new map collection. And all I see so far is this mug for it. all I see so far is this mug for it. all I see so far is this mug for it. Maybe we'll find it somewhere else cuz Maybe we'll find it somewhere else cuz Maybe we'll find it somewhere else cuz there's a lot of cool stuff. But this there's a lot of cool stuff. But this there's a lot of cool stuff. But this mug is amazing. And it's uh $19.99. Not mug is amazing. And it's uh $19.99. Not mug is amazing. And it's uh $19.99. Not bad. bad. bad. And another mug. This one is one of And another mug. This one is one of And another mug. This one is one of those big like Stanley looking cups. those big like Stanley looking cups. those big like Stanley looking cups. $54.99. and it is giant but really cool $54.99. and it is giant but really cool $54.99. and it is giant but really cool again with that same map printing all again with that same map printing all again with that same map printing all over it. over it. over it. &gt;&gt; Okay, I found some more of the map &gt;&gt; Okay, I found some more of the map &gt;&gt; Okay, I found some more of the map stuff. Um, we've got the uh Skyliner stuff. Um, we've got the uh Skyliner stuff. Um, we've got the uh Skyliner with the succulent in it. And I might with the succulent in it. And I might with the succulent in it. And I might need that. It is $39.99 though. And look need that. It is $39.99 though. And look need that. It is $39.99 though. And look at this railroad office. Walt Disney at this railroad office. Walt Disney at this railroad office. Walt Disney World. I think dad's going to need this World. I think dad's going to need this World. I think dad's going to need this one. 1999. Keeping dreams on track. Oh one. 1999. Keeping dreams on track. Oh one. 1999. Keeping dreams on track. Oh my word, I love it. Walter E. Disney, my word, I love it. Walter E. Disney, my word, I love it. Walter E. Disney, chief engineer. chief engineer. chief engineer. There's a journal with the same print There's a journal with the same print There's a journal with the same print for $24.99 for $24.99 for $24.99 and a throw blanket brochure maps and and a throw blanket brochure maps and and a throw blanket brochure maps and brochure icons. brochure icons. brochure icons. This what it looks like. This what it looks like. This what it looks like. Amazing. Front and back. Found a new um plastic cup here with Found a new um plastic cup here with Found a new um plastic cup here with Mickey all over it. And it's like almost Mickey all over it. And it's like almost Mickey all over it. And it's like almost like double as you can see some print in like double as you can see some print in like double as you can see some print in the back of Mickey there. $24.99. We've the back of Mickey there. $24.99. We've the back of Mickey there. $24.99. We've got the castle one here for $24.99. got the castle one here for $24.99. got the castle one here for $24.99. So cute. I like that one a lot. And So cute. I like that one a lot. And So cute. I like that one a lot. And again, these are plastic. again, these are plastic. again, these are plastic. There's a mug that matches that plastic There's a mug that matches that plastic There's a mug that matches that plastic cup. cup. cup. Love that. 1999. And then this one is so Love that. 1999. And then this one is so Love that. 1999. And then this one is so pretty with the Mickey flower. I just pretty with the Mickey flower. I just pretty with the Mickey flower. I just love those colors, too. 1999. And it's a love those colors, too. 1999. And it's a love those colors, too. 1999. And it's a decent size mug. decent size mug. decent size mug. Look who came and showed up with coffee. Look who came and showed up with coffee. Look who came and showed up with coffee. Woohoo. Mom and dad. They're here for Woohoo. Mom and dad. They're here for Woohoo. Mom and dad. They're here for the shopping and maybe treats the shopping and maybe treats the shopping and maybe treats &gt;&gt; maybe. Okay. &gt;&gt; maybe. Okay. &gt;&gt; maybe. Okay. &gt;&gt; And tea. &gt;&gt; And tea. &gt;&gt; And tea. &gt;&gt; And tea. Yes, exactly. &gt;&gt; And tea. Yes, exactly. &gt;&gt; And tea. Yes, exactly. &gt;&gt; And um dad already saw I showed dad and &gt;&gt; And um dad already saw I showed dad and &gt;&gt; And um dad already saw I showed dad and he was like, "Yep, I might need that." he was like, "Yep, I might need that." he was like, "Yep, I might need that." &gt;&gt; Found another new mug. This one is so &gt;&gt; Found another new mug. This one is so &gt;&gt; Found another new mug. This one is so cute. It matches the ears, the retro cute. It matches the ears, the retro cute. It matches the ears, the retro ears that I showed with the detachable ears that I showed with the detachable ears that I showed with the detachable bow. And it is 1999. bow. And it is 1999. bow. And it is 1999. Love the retro look of this. And I love Love the retro look of this. And I love Love the retro look of this. And I love the like the shape of it. It's super the like the shape of it. It's super the like the shape of it. It's super fun. We have a Tinker Bell. Is it fun. We have a Tinker Bell. Is it fun. We have a Tinker Bell. Is it plastic? Yeah, plastic cup here. So plastic? Yeah, plastic cup here. So plastic? Yeah, plastic cup here. So cute. $29.99. She even signed it. cute. $29.99. She even signed it. cute. $29.99. She even signed it. Oh, we're making our way this way to the Oh, we're making our way this way to the Oh, we're making our way this way to the Ever After cuz I'm looking for a certain Ever After cuz I'm looking for a certain Ever After cuz I'm looking for a certain shirt that they didn't have in my size, shirt that they didn't have in my size, shirt that they didn't have in my size, but also just to see what they have. But but also just to see what they have. But but also just to see what they have. But look, they have Christmas decorations up look, they have Christmas decorations up look, they have Christmas decorations up everywhere still. They still have the everywhere still. They still have the everywhere still. They still have the Christmas tree up. Again, they usually Christmas tree up. Again, they usually Christmas tree up. Again, they usually leave these up until marathon weekend, leave these up until marathon weekend, leave these up until marathon weekend, which is this weekend. &gt;&gt; What a new sweatshirt here. The most &gt;&gt; What a new sweatshirt here. The most &gt;&gt; What a new sweatshirt here. The most magical place on earth. So cute. $59.99. magical place on earth. So cute. $59.99. magical place on earth. So cute. $59.99. And they have it in a tan color as well. And they have it in a tan color as well. And they have it in a tan color as well. Oh, that's a t-shirt. That's the back. Oh, that's a t-shirt. That's the back. Oh, that's a t-shirt. That's the back. That's the front. Oh, they had the extra That's the front. Oh, they had the extra That's the front. Oh, they had the extra small in the shirt I wanted. So, I was small in the shirt I wanted. So, I was small in the shirt I wanted. So, I was so excited. But let's check out some uh so excited. But let's check out some uh so excited. But let's check out some uh new things. They have some new um little new things. They have some new um little new things. They have some new um little build your own ears for Valentine's. build your own ears for Valentine's. build your own ears for Valentine's. They've got a Mickey with heart ears, They've got a Mickey with heart ears, They've got a Mickey with heart ears, Minnie with her cute little pink Minnie with her cute little pink Minnie with her cute little pink Valentiny bow, and then these little Valentiny bow, and then these little Valentiny bow, and then these little hearts, which I am so tempted to buy. hearts, which I am so tempted to buy. hearts, which I am so tempted to buy. Main Street Valentine, it says Main Street Valentine, it says Main Street Valentine, it says these two. So cute. These might be a these two. So cute. These might be a these two. So cute. These might be a need. need. need. Here's what they look like if you do all Here's what they look like if you do all Here's what they look like if you do all three. Or you could buy two of the three. Or you could buy two of the three. Or you could buy two of the hearts and just have two hearts. So, hearts and just have two hearts. So, hearts and just have two hearts. So, it's fun that they, you know, you can it's fun that they, you know, you can it's fun that they, you know, you can mix and match. Uh oh, mom spotted Winnie mix and match. Uh oh, mom spotted Winnie mix and match. Uh oh, mom spotted Winnie and Tigger. I have those, Mom. and Tigger. I have those, Mom. and Tigger. I have those, Mom. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cute. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cute. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cute. &gt;&gt; Yeah. My head's too big. &gt;&gt; Yeah. My head's too big. &gt;&gt; Yeah. My head's too big. &gt;&gt; Nah, &gt;&gt; Nah, &gt;&gt; Nah, &gt;&gt; they hurt. &gt;&gt; they hurt. &gt;&gt; they hurt. &gt;&gt; They do have all the characters from &gt;&gt; They do have all the characters from &gt;&gt; They do have all the characters from Zootopia as well. Zootopia as well. Zootopia as well. &gt;&gt; Well, we're making our way down this way &gt;&gt; Well, we're making our way down this way &gt;&gt; Well, we're making our way down this way um to check out the Sprinkles uh store um to check out the Sprinkles uh store um to check out the Sprinkles uh store that closed on January 1st. So sad. Um, that closed on January 1st. So sad. Um, that closed on January 1st. So sad. Um, I just want to see if they saw the sign I just want to see if they saw the sign I just want to see if they saw the sign up and everything like that, but it's up and everything like that, but it's up and everything like that, but it's closed. WW. One of our favorite places closed. WW. One of our favorite places closed. WW. One of our favorite places to come and get treats. to come and get treats. to come and get treats. Also, another thing that you guys might Also, another thing that you guys might Also, another thing that you guys might need to know is the Lime Garage, which need to know is the Lime Garage, which need to know is the Lime Garage, which is the garage closest to World of is the garage closest to World of is the garage closest to World of Disney, um, is going under refurb Disney, um, is going under refurb Disney, um, is going under refurb starting, I think, January 12th until, starting, I think, January 12th until, starting, I think, January 12th until, um, like middle of February. Then um, like middle of February. Then um, like middle of February. Then they're going to open up, I think, for they're going to open up, I think, for they're going to open up, I think, for that weekend. Was it President's weekend that weekend. Was it President's weekend that weekend. Was it President's weekend that gets busy? Then it's going to close that gets busy? Then it's going to close that gets busy? Then it's going to close again until March, like middle of March. again until March, like middle of March. again until March, like middle of March. So, just be aware that that will be So, just be aware that that will be So, just be aware that that will be closed. But the other garages will be closed. But the other garages will be closed. But the other garages will be available. available. available. Well, here it is. The sign, of course, Well, here it is. The sign, of course, Well, here it is. The sign, of course, is still up. The ca the cupcake ATM, I is still up. The ca the cupcake ATM, I is still up. The ca the cupcake ATM, I didn't get to use that again. That's so didn't get to use that again. That's so didn't get to use that again. That's so sad. Location closed. Says today and sad. Location closed. Says today and sad. Location closed. Says today and every day cuz uh yeah, I heard almost every day cuz uh yeah, I heard almost every day cuz uh yeah, I heard almost all the sprinkles have closed, if not all the sprinkles have closed, if not all the sprinkles have closed, if not all of them. Wmp. Bye, sprinkles. Well, they still have the Sunshine Well, they still have the Sunshine Well, they still have the Sunshine Churros over here, but this whole Churros over here, but this whole Churros over here, but this whole popcorn stand area got a whole reefer popcorn stand area got a whole reefer popcorn stand area got a whole reefer with a roof and it's bigger and uh with a roof and it's bigger and uh with a roof and it's bigger and uh everything like that. So, that's nice. everything like that. So, that's nice. everything like that. So, that's nice. Glad they did that. All right, we're Glad they did that. All right, we're Glad they did that. All right, we're going to head down to the co-op now. Go going to head down to the co-op now. Go going to head down to the co-op now. Go check out the blind box store check out the blind box store check out the blind box store as a band is playing over here in as a band is playing over here in as a band is playing over here in orchestra. There's no line out the door, which is There's no line out the door, which is There's no line out the door, which is always a good sign for the Disney drop always a good sign for the Disney drop always a good sign for the Disney drop shop cuz they only let a few in at a shop cuz they only let a few in at a shop cuz they only let a few in at a time. time. time. Look, they're redoing this over here. It Look, they're redoing this over here. It Look, they're redoing this over here. It was the tech area where you could get was the tech area where you could get was the tech area where you could get your phone cases and watch bands and your phone cases and watch bands and your phone cases and watch bands and things made. So, I don't know. I heard things made. So, I don't know. I heard things made. So, I don't know. I heard that they're going to have another Run that they're going to have another Run that they're going to have another Run Disney shop here. So, it could be Run Disney shop here. So, it could be Run Disney shop here. So, it could be Run Disney stuff. We'll see. But, let's go Disney stuff. We'll see. But, let's go Disney stuff. We'll see. But, let's go into the Disney drop shop. You ready, into the Disney drop shop. You ready, into the Disney drop shop. You ready, Mom, for blind boxes? I know you like Mom, for blind boxes? I know you like Mom, for blind boxes? I know you like them like I did. I got mom one for Dale them like I did. I got mom one for Dale them like I did. I got mom one for Dale and I did for uh Dad's shaking his head and I did for uh Dad's shaking his head and I did for uh Dad's shaking his head for Christmas, right? for Christmas, right? for Christmas, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay, let's go. &gt;&gt; They have the Zootopia ones. &gt;&gt; They have the Zootopia ones. &gt;&gt; They have the Zootopia ones. Looks like they're running low cuz this Looks like they're running low cuz this Looks like they're running low cuz this is all just Zootopia, which before they is all just Zootopia, which before they is all just Zootopia, which before they had lots of different ones. So, they got had lots of different ones. So, they got had lots of different ones. So, they got to restock here soon. to restock here soon. to restock here soon. They've got Pandora. They've got the aliens. They're so cute. Dressed in Pixar They're so cute. Dressed in Pixar They're so cute. Dressed in Pixar character outfits. character outfits. character outfits. &gt;&gt; I know. Ain't he cute? That's Remy. &gt;&gt; I know. Ain't he cute? That's Remy. &gt;&gt; I know. Ain't he cute? That's Remy. &gt;&gt; Then we've got Zootopia and Molly. &gt;&gt; Then we've got Zootopia and Molly. &gt;&gt; Then we've got Zootopia and Molly. So Molly is dressed up in Zootopia So Molly is dressed up in Zootopia So Molly is dressed up in Zootopia character outfits for $19.99. character outfits for $19.99. character outfits for $19.99. What's that one? Ah, that's Nick Wild. What's that one? Ah, that's Nick Wild. What's that one? Ah, that's Nick Wild. &gt;&gt; Cute. &gt;&gt; Cute. &gt;&gt; Cute. &gt;&gt; It's like, nope. &gt;&gt; It's like, nope. &gt;&gt; It's like, nope. &gt;&gt; And then we've got the uh the villains &gt;&gt; And then we've got the uh the villains &gt;&gt; And then we've got the uh the villains ones. These are new. Disney Villain ones. These are new. Disney Villain ones. These are new. Disney Villain Tower. $16.99. These are the ones that Tower. $16.99. These are the ones that Tower. $16.99. These are the ones that you can get. you can get. you can get. We have Pinocchio. We have Pinocchio. We have Pinocchio. A I like the one with Cleo. That's so A I like the one with Cleo. That's so A I like the one with Cleo. That's so cute. A Spider-Man. See what else we got here. See what else we got here. See what else we got here. &gt;&gt; Oh, these are cute. The Toy Story ones. &gt;&gt; Oh, these are cute. The Toy Story ones. &gt;&gt; Oh, these are cute. The Toy Story ones. I'd want Ham the Pig. He's adorable. I'd want Ham the Pig. He's adorable. I'd want Ham the Pig. He's adorable. &gt;&gt; Oh, he is. &gt;&gt; And then we've got Grou over here for &gt;&gt; And then we've got Grou over here for &gt;&gt; And then we've got Grou over here for $16.99. Look at Grou. He's trying to $16.99. Look at Grou. He's trying to $16.99. Look at Grou. He's trying to catch the frogs. Look at his little catch the frogs. Look at his little catch the frogs. Look at his little face. face. face. A A A &gt;&gt; love it. Oh my god. &gt;&gt; love it. Oh my god. &gt;&gt; love it. Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Oh, and this one's like the Winnie the &gt;&gt; Oh, and this one's like the Winnie the &gt;&gt; Oh, and this one's like the Winnie the Pooh one I got for you, Mom. But Star Pooh one I got for you, Mom. But Star Pooh one I got for you, Mom. But Star War Star Wars characters. Yeah. War Star Wars characters. Yeah. War Star Wars characters. Yeah. &gt;&gt; 16.99. &gt;&gt; 16.99. &gt;&gt; 16.99. And then we've got this Star Wars one And then we've got this Star Wars one And then we've got this Star Wars one and their little spaceships. and their little spaceships. and their little spaceships. &gt;&gt; There's Boba Fett. &gt;&gt; There's Boba Fett. &gt;&gt; There's Boba Fett. &gt;&gt; Brit's fave. &gt;&gt; Brit's fave. &gt;&gt; Brit's fave. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then we've got Marvel characters and &gt;&gt; And then we've got Marvel characters and &gt;&gt; And then we've got Marvel characters and their cars or spaceships. $16.99 for their cars or spaceships. $16.99 for their cars or spaceships. $16.99 for those. those. those. Okay, these are new and these are pretty Okay, these are new and these are pretty Okay, these are new and these are pretty cool. They're $17.99 and you get one of cool. They're $17.99 and you get one of cool. They're $17.99 and you get one of these like container things and you these like container things and you these like container things and you press a button and then this goes down press a button and then this goes down press a button and then this goes down and then it reveals who the character and then it reveals who the character and then it reveals who the character is. So, it's kind of fun. And they're is. So, it's kind of fun. And they're is. So, it's kind of fun. And they're all, of course, Star Wars characters. all, of course, Star Wars characters. all, of course, Star Wars characters. You could get a loft cat or you know, You could get a loft cat or you know, You could get a loft cat or you know, whatever the rest of the sidekicks are. whatever the rest of the sidekicks are. whatever the rest of the sidekicks are. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And we've got some uh droid &gt;&gt; And we've got some uh droid &gt;&gt; And we've got some uh droid blind boxes and then popsicles. blind boxes and then popsicles. blind boxes and then popsicles. Marvel popsicles. Here's Wanda. Marvel popsicles. Here's Wanda. Marvel popsicles. Here's Wanda. &gt;&gt; Okay, these are funny. These are $12.99. &gt;&gt; Remind you of that ride that at the &gt;&gt; Remind you of that ride that at the &gt;&gt; Remind you of that ride that at the Magic used to be where the uh Oh, it was Magic used to be where the uh Oh, it was Magic used to be where the uh Oh, it was where it was a space one. Um where it was a space one. Um where it was a space one. Um &gt;&gt; a space ride. &gt;&gt; a space ride. &gt;&gt; a space ride. &gt;&gt; Magic Kingdom and it was an old one and &gt;&gt; Magic Kingdom and it was an old one and &gt;&gt; Magic Kingdom and it was an old one and it was like a hy they moved one person it was like a hy they moved one person it was like a hy they moved one person to another another area. to another another area. to another another area. &gt;&gt; They was in and then they're gone and &gt;&gt; They was in and then they're gone and &gt;&gt; They was in and then they're gone and then one got out and then one got out and then one got out and &gt;&gt; I don't remember. Oh, was it the um &gt;&gt; I don't remember. Oh, was it the um &gt;&gt; I don't remember. Oh, was it the um alien encounter? alien encounter? alien encounter? &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. The pre-show. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. The pre-show. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. The pre-show. Yeah, &gt;&gt; it does kind of look like that. You're &gt;&gt; it does kind of look like that. You're &gt;&gt; it does kind of look like that. You're right. Oh, that's so funny. right. Oh, that's so funny. right. Oh, that's so funny. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; With Skippy. &gt;&gt; With Skippy. &gt;&gt; With Skippy. &gt;&gt; Skippy. And Skippy got burned up. &gt;&gt; Skippy. And Skippy got burned up. &gt;&gt; Skippy. And Skippy got burned up. &gt;&gt; Yes, he did. &gt;&gt; Yes, he did. &gt;&gt; Yes, he did. &gt;&gt; Traveling from place to place. &gt;&gt; Traveling from place to place. &gt;&gt; Traveling from place to place. &gt;&gt; And then they've got little shoes for uh &gt;&gt; And then they've got little shoes for uh &gt;&gt; And then they've got little shoes for uh Disney characters. $24.99. Little pricey Disney characters. $24.99. Little pricey Disney characters. $24.99. Little pricey over here. over here. over here. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. These are Pixar. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. These are Pixar. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. These are Pixar. &gt;&gt; Well, that makes sense. &gt;&gt; Well, that makes sense. &gt;&gt; Well, that makes sense. &gt;&gt; These are just random &gt;&gt; These are just random &gt;&gt; These are just random &gt;&gt; for $16.99. &gt;&gt; for $16.99. &gt;&gt; for $16.99. &gt;&gt; They're all Disney. Yeah. I don't know &gt;&gt; They're all Disney. Yeah. I don't know &gt;&gt; They're all Disney. Yeah. I don't know why the Pixar ones are more. Yeah. why the Pixar ones are more. Yeah. why the Pixar ones are more. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, hopefully they get more in because &gt;&gt; Well, hopefully they get more in because &gt;&gt; Well, hopefully they get more in because uh Yeah. Luckily though, it saved us uh Yeah. Luckily though, it saved us uh Yeah. Luckily though, it saved us money. So, there's that. money. So, there's that. money. So, there's that. But these are fun. Dad's okay with that. But these are fun. Dad's okay with that. But these are fun. Dad's okay with that. &gt;&gt; But these are fun. So, whenever you do &gt;&gt; But these are fun. So, whenever you do &gt;&gt; But these are fun. So, whenever you do your unboxings and you can bring your your unboxings and you can bring your your unboxings and you can bring your little character and take a photo shoot little character and take a photo shoot little character and take a photo shoot in different places in different places in different places &gt;&gt; with them. Isn't that fun? &gt;&gt; with them. Isn't that fun? &gt;&gt; with them. Isn't that fun? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that is. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that is. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that is. We found more of the map collection here We found more of the map collection here We found more of the map collection here in the co-op. And they have the pens in the co-op. And they have the pens in the co-op. And they have the pens that we saw at Magic Kingdom. And these that we saw at Magic Kingdom. And these that we saw at Magic Kingdom. And these are like those retro pens. We used to are like those retro pens. We used to are like those retro pens. We used to get these when we were kids. And then get these when we were kids. And then get these when we were kids. And then the things inside move. Who remembers the things inside move. Who remembers the things inside move. Who remembers these pens? I'm so glad they brought these pens? I'm so glad they brought these pens? I'm so glad they brought these back. 1999. And you get three of these back. 1999. And you get three of these back. 1999. And you get three of them. Oh, yeah. And dad needs this. You them. Oh, yeah. And dad needs this. You them. Oh, yeah. And dad needs this. You going to buy it? going to buy it? going to buy it? &gt;&gt; Might as well. &gt;&gt; Might as well. &gt;&gt; Might as well. &gt;&gt; I guess so. &gt;&gt; I guess so. &gt;&gt; I guess so. &gt;&gt; You should. You should. And then look at &gt;&gt; You should. You should. And then look at &gt;&gt; You should. You should. And then look at the paper weight. Isn't that fun? A the paper weight. Isn't that fun? A the paper weight. Isn't that fun? A &gt;&gt; that is fun. &gt;&gt; that is fun. &gt;&gt; that is fun. &gt;&gt; It's $24.99 &gt;&gt; It's $24.99 &gt;&gt; It's $24.99 &gt;&gt; and these are coasters. &gt;&gt; and these are coasters. &gt;&gt; and these are coasters. &gt;&gt; You get four coasters. &gt;&gt; You get four coasters. &gt;&gt; You get four coasters. &gt;&gt; Four. 27.99. &gt;&gt; Four. 27.99. &gt;&gt; Four. 27.99. &gt;&gt; It's too bad this paper weight didn't &gt;&gt; It's too bad this paper weight didn't &gt;&gt; It's too bad this paper weight didn't have a train and go. have a train and go. have a train and go. &gt;&gt; Ah, wouldn't that be cool? Dad said he &gt;&gt; Ah, wouldn't that be cool? Dad said he &gt;&gt; Ah, wouldn't that be cool? Dad said he would be cool if there was a train that would be cool if there was a train that would be cool if there was a train that goes around. goes around. goes around. &gt;&gt; Be a train somewhere. &gt;&gt; Be a train somewhere. &gt;&gt; Be a train somewhere. &gt;&gt; There's a Montreal. &gt;&gt; There's a Montreal. &gt;&gt; There's a Montreal. &gt;&gt; A Oh, there's a Is there a train way up &gt;&gt; A Oh, there's a Is there a train way up &gt;&gt; A Oh, there's a Is there a train way up there? there? there? &gt;&gt; Yep, that's a train. Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep, that's a train. Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep, that's a train. Yep. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm not focusing on the right spot. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm not focusing on the right spot. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm not focusing on the right spot. There we go. Yeah, it's on the other There we go. Yeah, it's on the other There we go. Yeah, it's on the other side. side. side. &gt;&gt; But I need one that goes around. &gt;&gt; But I need one that goes around. &gt;&gt; But I need one that goes around. &gt;&gt; He wants one that moves. Um, and then &gt;&gt; He wants one that moves. Um, and then &gt;&gt; He wants one that moves. Um, and then we've got the Jungle Cruise Salt and we've got the Jungle Cruise Salt and we've got the Jungle Cruise Salt and Pepper shakers. Aren't these fun? You Pepper shakers. Aren't these fun? You Pepper shakers. Aren't these fun? You set them in the water. You've got the set them in the water. You've got the set them in the water. You've got the boat and the elephant boat and the elephant boat and the elephant for $34.99. But I also love for $34.99. But I also love for $34.99. But I also love &gt;&gt; the dish towel here with all the retro &gt;&gt; the dish towel here with all the retro &gt;&gt; the dish towel here with all the retro things. Adventure Land Tomorrowland. things. Adventure Land Tomorrowland. things. Adventure Land Tomorrowland. And there's the Disneyland castle. Love And there's the Disneyland castle. Love And there's the Disneyland castle. Love this, too. Um, like a cookie jar. this, too. Um, like a cookie jar. this, too. Um, like a cookie jar. $59.99. $59.99. $59.99. We found some more. We've got uh here We found some more. We've got uh here We found some more. We've got uh here you leave today and enter the world of you leave today and enter the world of you leave today and enter the world of yesterday tomorrow in fantasy Walt yesterday tomorrow in fantasy Walt yesterday tomorrow in fantasy Walt Disney. And then we've got a set of four Disney. And then we've got a set of four Disney. And then we've got a set of four bowls. So the bowls are $49.99 and we've bowls. So the bowls are $49.99 and we've bowls. So the bowls are $49.99 and we've got $16.99 got $16.99 got $16.99 for the plates. And then there's this for the plates. And then there's this for the plates. And then there's this plate back in the back here, like a plate back in the back here, like a plate back in the back here, like a tray. It's cute. tray. It's cute. tray. It's cute. They have a t-shirt wall in here now. They have a t-shirt wall in here now. They have a t-shirt wall in here now. And this is where a lot of the Christmas And this is where a lot of the Christmas And this is where a lot of the Christmas stuff was right next to the kitchen stuff was right next to the kitchen stuff was right next to the kitchen store. Um, and they do have the Disney store. Um, and they do have the Disney store. Um, and they do have the Disney park. This is the one I got. Uh, is it park. This is the one I got. Uh, is it park. This is the one I got. Uh, is it up here? Yeah, it's right here. This up here? Yeah, it's right here. This up here? Yeah, it's right here. This would be easier to show. Um, would be easier to show. Um, would be easier to show. Um, they had this one in my size at the Ever they had this one in my size at the Ever they had this one in my size at the Ever After, so I did get it. And then, um, After, so I did get it. And then, um, After, so I did get it. And then, um, Oh, this is cute. Oh, darn it. I should Oh, this is cute. Oh, darn it. I should Oh, this is cute. Oh, darn it. I should have got this. I wonder if I can have got this. I wonder if I can have got this. I wonder if I can exchange. They have an extra small. Oh, exchange. They have an extra small. Oh, exchange. They have an extra small. Oh, I might do that cuz I got another purple I might do that cuz I got another purple I might do that cuz I got another purple one which is cute as well, but I really one which is cute as well, but I really one which is cute as well, but I really like that one. like that one. like that one. This is a new one. Royalty authentic. This is a new one. Royalty authentic. This is a new one. Royalty authentic. And then it's got a bunch of the And then it's got a bunch of the And then it's got a bunch of the different tiaras and different things. A different tiaras and different things. A different tiaras and different things. A dingle hopper, a rose from the different dingle hopper, a rose from the different dingle hopper, a rose from the different princesses. I love that they have princesses. I love that they have princesses. I love that they have different shirts in here. But man, I do different shirts in here. But man, I do different shirts in here. But man, I do really like that. really like that. really like that. There a couple more new ones. There a couple more new ones. There a couple more new ones. Oh, and look, they've got the Hello Oh, and look, they've got the Hello Oh, and look, they've got the Hello Spring with the Pluto in a sweatshirt. I Spring with the Pluto in a sweatshirt. I Spring with the Pluto in a sweatshirt. I have the t-shirt version of this one have the t-shirt version of this one have the t-shirt version of this one from last year. This is $49.99. from last year. This is $49.99. from last year. This is $49.99. &gt;&gt; They have a lot of sweatshirts and &gt;&gt; They have a lot of sweatshirts and &gt;&gt; They have a lot of sweatshirts and different things. Here's Winnie the different things. Here's Winnie the different things. Here's Winnie the Pooh. Um, and then they've got some of Pooh. Um, and then they've got some of Pooh. Um, and then they've got some of the flannels over here. the flannels over here. the flannels over here. &gt;&gt; Sweatshirts and sweaters. I really do &gt;&gt; Sweatshirts and sweaters. I really do &gt;&gt; Sweatshirts and sweaters. I really do like this one. Dad found the Emperor's like this one. Dad found the Emperor's like this one. Dad found the Emperor's New Groove. Love that movie. And then New Groove. Love that movie. And then New Groove. Love that movie. And then we've got Classic Mickey. $89.99 for we've got Classic Mickey. $89.99 for we've got Classic Mickey. $89.99 for that. This is a new sweatshirt and that. This is a new sweatshirt and that. This is a new sweatshirt and obviously popular because they're out of obviously popular because they're out of obviously popular because they're out of a lot of sizes for uh for Valentine's or a lot of sizes for uh for Valentine's or a lot of sizes for uh for Valentine's or anytime really, but $69.99. They have some new hats over here. Says They have some new hats over here. Says They have some new hats over here. Says having a magical day. having a magical day. having a magical day. We've got Minnie. Got Fantasia Got Fantasia Got Fantasia Monsters University. And I love the pink Monsters University. And I love the pink Monsters University. And I love the pink Minnie Mouse one. Minnie Mouse one. Minnie Mouse one. Got some more fun, comfy clothes here. Got some more fun, comfy clothes here. Got some more fun, comfy clothes here. We've got Chip and Dale and Mickey Mouse We've got Chip and Dale and Mickey Mouse We've got Chip and Dale and Mickey Mouse sweatpants or jammies, whatever you want sweatpants or jammies, whatever you want sweatpants or jammies, whatever you want to call them. Um, they are $44.99. Oh my to call them. Um, they are $44.99. Oh my to call them. Um, they are $44.99. Oh my goodness, they're soft. Holy moly. goodness, they're soft. Holy moly. goodness, they're soft. Holy moly. &gt;&gt; And then you've got a sweater to match. &gt;&gt; And then you've got a sweater to match. &gt;&gt; And then you've got a sweater to match. I love this sweater. These went quick. I I love this sweater. These went quick. I I love this sweater. These went quick. I heard they were like flying off the heard they were like flying off the heard they were like flying off the shelves. $59.99, but it's a nice soft shelves. $59.99, but it's a nice soft shelves. $59.99, but it's a nice soft sweater. sweater. sweater. Got chip on one side, tail on the other. Got chip on one side, tail on the other. Got chip on one side, tail on the other. &gt;&gt; Love it. &gt;&gt; Love it. &gt;&gt; Love it. &gt;&gt; It is. It's soft. &gt;&gt; It is. It's soft. &gt;&gt; It is. It's soft. &gt;&gt; And then soft. &gt;&gt; And then soft. &gt;&gt; And then soft. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Isn't that soft? I love it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Isn't that soft? I love it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Isn't that soft? I love it. &gt;&gt; So nice. &gt;&gt; So nice. &gt;&gt; So nice. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Comfy. Comfy. &gt;&gt; Comfy. Comfy. &gt;&gt; Comfy. Comfy. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; We have some more comfy outfits here. &gt;&gt; We have some more comfy outfits here. &gt;&gt; We have some more comfy outfits here. We've got Mike Wazowski with some We've got Mike Wazowski with some We've got Mike Wazowski with some matching shorts. And then Lo Bear. I matching shorts. And then Lo Bear. I matching shorts. And then Lo Bear. I don't know why I always want to call him don't know why I always want to call him don't know why I always want to call him Hugsy. That was Joey's penguin, I think, Hugsy. That was Joey's penguin, I think, Hugsy. That was Joey's penguin, I think, on Friends. His little plushy. Um, this on Friends. His little plushy. Um, this on Friends. His little plushy. Um, this one's $59.99. This one's $64.99. It does have a hood. This one's $64.99. It does have a hood. This one's $64.99. It does have a hood. The shorts are $39.99. And I bet the The shorts are $39.99. And I bet the The shorts are $39.99. And I bet the pants are the same. 44. Yep. 99. Well, again, they're redoing this whole Well, again, they're redoing this whole Well, again, they're redoing this whole section over here, so we'll have to come section over here, so we'll have to come section over here, so we'll have to come back to check out what it is at some back to check out what it is at some back to check out what it is at some point. Got some sweatshirts in here. And point. Got some sweatshirts in here. And point. Got some sweatshirts in here. And then we're going to head over to uh then we're going to head over to uh then we're going to head over to uh Trendy. Oh my goodness. Look how cute. I Trendy. Oh my goodness. Look how cute. I Trendy. Oh my goodness. Look how cute. I know. I don't know why, but I need this. know. I don't know why, but I need this. know. I don't know why, but I need this. Adorable Adorable Adorable little keychain. Doesn't say how much, little keychain. Doesn't say how much, little keychain. Doesn't say how much, but it's so cute. And they have this but it's so cute. And they have this but it's so cute. And they have this little bag for $29.99. little bag for $29.99. little bag for $29.99. Dad found a Mom and Dad found a Dad found a Mom and Dad found a Dad found a Mom and Dad found a mouseeteer guitar. That is so cool. From mouseeteer guitar. That is so cool. From mouseeteer guitar. That is so cool. From the Mickey Mouse Club. How much is it? the Mickey Mouse Club. How much is it? the Mickey Mouse Club. How much is it? &gt;&gt; I don't know. Let's look. &gt;&gt; I don't know. Let's look. &gt;&gt; I don't know. Let's look. &gt;&gt; A lot of monies. &gt;&gt; A lot of monies. &gt;&gt; A lot of monies. &gt;&gt; Uh, probably. &gt;&gt; Uh, probably. &gt;&gt; Uh, probably. &gt;&gt; Is it on the bottom? &gt;&gt; Is it on the bottom? &gt;&gt; Is it on the bottom? &gt;&gt; On the bottom? &gt;&gt; On the bottom? &gt;&gt; On the bottom? &gt;&gt; Yep. Right here. Mom is &gt;&gt; Yep. Right here. Mom is &gt;&gt; Yep. Right here. Mom is &gt;&gt; 100 bucks. $99.99. &gt;&gt; 100 bucks. $99.99. &gt;&gt; 100 bucks. $99.99. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm not surprised. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm not surprised. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm not surprised. &gt;&gt; Love it. That's awesome. It &gt;&gt; Love it. That's awesome. It &gt;&gt; Love it. That's awesome. It &gt;&gt; is pretty cool, though. &gt;&gt; is pretty cool, though. &gt;&gt; is pretty cool, though. &gt;&gt; This whole line is new as well. It's &gt;&gt; This whole line is new as well. It's &gt;&gt; This whole line is new as well. It's very collegic, which I love. They've got very collegic, which I love. They've got very collegic, which I love. They've got the jacket, the skirt, and um the the jacket, the skirt, and um the the jacket, the skirt, and um the sweater. Here's the jacket. sweater. Here's the jacket. sweater. Here's the jacket. So cute. I love the short look of it, So cute. I love the short look of it, So cute. I love the short look of it, which is adorable. Probably wouldn't which is adorable. Probably wouldn't which is adorable. Probably wouldn't work for me very well cuz I am tall, but work for me very well cuz I am tall, but work for me very well cuz I am tall, but it is $149.99. Says Walt Disney RV on the back. Says Walt Disney RV on the back. Says Walt Disney RV on the back. Look at this sweater. And if you had the Look at this sweater. And if you had the Look at this sweater. And if you had the sweater, then you'd have to get the sweater, then you'd have to get the sweater, then you'd have to get the skirt. Aren't these adorable, Mom? skirt. Aren't these adorable, Mom? skirt. Aren't these adorable, Mom? &gt;&gt; Aren't they very like collegic? &gt;&gt; Aren't they very like collegic? &gt;&gt; Aren't they very like collegic? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; This one's $84.99 and the skirt is &gt;&gt; This one's $84.99 and the skirt is &gt;&gt; This one's $84.99 and the skirt is $49.99. $49.99. $49.99. &gt;&gt; That is cute. &gt;&gt; That is cute. &gt;&gt; That is cute. &gt;&gt; Get the matching set. &gt;&gt; Get the matching set. &gt;&gt; Get the matching set. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you did. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you did. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you did. &gt;&gt; And then the Mickey purse, of course, to &gt;&gt; And then the Mickey purse, of course, to &gt;&gt; And then the Mickey purse, of course, to go with it. go with it. go with it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; These are, I think, Yeah. $90. &gt;&gt; These are, I think, Yeah. $90. &gt;&gt; These are, I think, Yeah. $90. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. They have all of the Stony &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. They have all of the Stony &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. They have all of the Stony Clover on sale. 30% off. Well, select, I Clover on sale. 30% off. Well, select, I Clover on sale. 30% off. Well, select, I guess. Maybe not all of it. 30% and then guess. Maybe not all of it. 30% and then guess. Maybe not all of it. 30% and then if you're AP, you also get the 20 on top if you're AP, you also get the 20 on top if you're AP, you also get the 20 on top of that, which is a very good deal cuz of that, which is a very good deal cuz of that, which is a very good deal cuz these are pricey. But, you know, this is these are pricey. But, you know, this is these are pricey. But, you know, this is adorable. adorable. adorable. Love it. Love it. Love this, too. Love it. Love it. Love this, too. Love it. Love it. Love this, too. They've got the Valentiney stuff in here They've got the Valentiney stuff in here They've got the Valentiney stuff in here as well. as well. as well. Saw the Hercules jacket. Saw the Hercules jacket. Saw the Hercules jacket. The hoodie. I love this hoodie so much. The hoodie. I love this hoodie so much. The hoodie. I love this hoodie so much. Do you see the back of it? Mom, check Do you see the back of it? Mom, check Do you see the back of it? Mom, check it. it. it. &gt;&gt; Isn't that adorable? &gt;&gt; Isn't that adorable? &gt;&gt; Isn't that adorable? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Let's head into the pin trading shop &gt;&gt; Let's head into the pin trading shop &gt;&gt; Let's head into the pin trading shop next and see if they have any new pins. next and see if they have any new pins. next and see if they have any new pins. I know they've got some new Magic Bands. I know they've got some new Magic Bands. I know they've got some new Magic Bands. Those are always fun to check out as Those are always fun to check out as Those are always fun to check out as well. well. well. Here's the new 2026 Here's the new 2026 Here's the new 2026 Magic Band. Magic Band. Magic Band. The DVC. The DVC. The DVC. I've not seen this one. This one's so I've not seen this one. This one's so I've not seen this one. This one's so cute. The animal print. cute. The animal print. cute. The animal print. Got Mickey and Friends. Got Mickey and Friends. Got Mickey and Friends. This one with all the Mickey and Friends This one with all the Mickey and Friends This one with all the Mickey and Friends and it says friends in the center there. and it says friends in the center there. and it says friends in the center there. I like that a lot. I like that a lot. I like that a lot. Here's some of the new 2026 pens. They Here's some of the new 2026 pens. They Here's some of the new 2026 pens. They don't have as many this year. I always don't have as many this year. I always don't have as many this year. I always get a stitch one, but they didn't have get a stitch one, but they didn't have get a stitch one, but they didn't have one this year, but they have this one. one this year, but they have this one. one this year, but they have this one. And then this one, which is a spinner. And then this one, which is a spinner. And then this one, which is a spinner. They have some new Muppet ones. Here's They have some new Muppet ones. Here's They have some new Muppet ones. Here's Animal King and Kermit. Animal King and Kermit. Animal King and Kermit. Oh my goodness. This is a new one. I Oh my goodness. This is a new one. I Oh my goodness. This is a new one. I love this so much with Chip and Dale and love this so much with Chip and Dale and love this so much with Chip and Dale and the button. First visit. It's yellow. Um the button. First visit. It's yellow. Um the button. First visit. It's yellow. Um $17.99, I think. $17.99, I think. $17.99, I think. &gt;&gt; Making our way around here. We're going &gt;&gt; Making our way around here. We're going &gt;&gt; Making our way around here. We're going to go have some lunch. I think we're to go have some lunch. I think we're to go have some lunch. I think we're going to go to Deluxe Burger today. See going to go to Deluxe Burger today. See going to go to Deluxe Burger today. See how busy it is. It's not been too how busy it is. It's not been too how busy it is. It's not been too crowded today. Loving that. Well, here we are. Deluxe Burger. Well, here we are. Deluxe Burger. Well, here we are. Deluxe Burger. Probably have a seat outside somewhere. Probably have a seat outside somewhere. Probably have a seat outside somewhere. It's so nice out today. We got our food here at Deluxe. And oh We got our food here at Deluxe. And oh We got our food here at Deluxe. And oh my goodness, these burgers look amazing. my goodness, these burgers look amazing. my goodness, these burgers look amazing. Just got the classic bacon cheeseburger Just got the classic bacon cheeseburger Just got the classic bacon cheeseburger and a full size of fries since we're and a full size of fries since we're and a full size of fries since we're sharing. Mom got the same thing. Her sharing. Mom got the same thing. Her sharing. Mom got the same thing. Her burger looks good, too. Mhm. Just sitting outside cuz it is gorgeous. Just sitting outside cuz it is gorgeous. Just sitting outside cuz it is gorgeous. &gt;&gt; Well, we're heading into the marketplace &gt;&gt; Well, we're heading into the marketplace &gt;&gt; Well, we're heading into the marketplace area here and we're going to go into area here and we're going to go into area here and we're going to go into Fear Bradley. I heard they have some Fear Bradley. I heard they have some Fear Bradley. I heard they have some Stitch bags in here, so we're going to Stitch bags in here, so we're going to Stitch bags in here, so we're going to go check them out. Oh, I see the sign go check them out. Oh, I see the sign go check them out. Oh, I see the sign already. already. already. It's Stitch Overload. It's Stitch Overload. It's Stitch Overload. All right, let's go see what they have. All right, let's go see what they have. All right, let's go see what they have. My goodness. My goodness. My goodness. Oh, I'm not going to lie. I really want Oh, I'm not going to lie. I really want Oh, I'm not going to lie. I really want this. That is so cute. It's a great this. That is so cute. It's a great this. That is so cute. It's a great size. $110. size. $110. size. $110. Adorable. Adorable. Adorable. This one's so cute, too. Oh my goodness. This one's so cute, too. Oh my goodness. This one's so cute, too. Oh my goodness. Look at him. This one is Look at him. This one is Look at him. This one is Well, we don't know. Oh, here we go. Well, we don't know. Oh, here we go. Well, we don't know. Oh, here we go. They are pricey, but Oh my goodness. They are pricey, but Oh my goodness. They are pricey, but Oh my goodness. Look at him over here. A Look at him over here. A Look at him over here. A &gt;&gt; so many cute ones. I like this one, &gt;&gt; so many cute ones. I like this one, &gt;&gt; so many cute ones. I like this one, though. This is a great size. though. This is a great size. though. This is a great size. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. We've got some wallets. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. We've got some wallets. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. We've got some wallets. This one's more like a coin little card This one's more like a coin little card This one's more like a coin little card coin purse. coin purse. coin purse. And then we've got Oh, look. He's on his And then we've got Oh, look. He's on his And then we've got Oh, look. He's on his surfboard. It's like a little bag charm. And then we've got this wallet. And then we've got this wallet. And then we've got this wallet. Oh, I do like that wallet. It's a nice Oh, I do like that wallet. It's a nice Oh, I do like that wallet. It's a nice wallet. How much are your wallet? wallet. How much are your wallet? wallet. How much are your wallet? Um, it is Um, it is Um, it is this shirt. That is so cute. $45. this shirt. That is so cute. $45. this shirt. That is so cute. $45. He's all over the shirt. And it must be He's all over the shirt. And it must be He's all over the shirt. And it must be jammies cuz here's the jammy shorts that jammies cuz here's the jammy shorts that jammies cuz here's the jammy shorts that go with it. They're sold separately, of go with it. They're sold separately, of go with it. They're sold separately, of course. course. course. Adorable. This one's like so cute, too. Adorable. This one's like so cute, too. Adorable. This one's like so cute, too. Look at that one. Look at that one. Look at that one. Woohoo. Woohoo. Woohoo. &gt;&gt; So, this one is $80. Little purse. I &gt;&gt; So, this one is $80. Little purse. I &gt;&gt; So, this one is $80. Little purse. I mean, the the lug bags are 65 that size. mean, the the lug bags are 65 that size. mean, the the lug bags are 65 that size. And so, And so, And so, &gt;&gt; about the same. This is a little bigger. &gt;&gt; about the same. This is a little bigger. &gt;&gt; about the same. This is a little bigger. &gt;&gt; It's lightweight. &gt;&gt; It's lightweight. &gt;&gt; It's lightweight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, very lightweight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, very lightweight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, very lightweight. &gt;&gt; What we got over here? This one. It's a &gt;&gt; What we got over here? This one. It's a &gt;&gt; What we got over here? This one. It's a bigger bag. bigger bag. bigger bag. &gt;&gt; Do really like this one, though. I This &gt;&gt; Do really like this one, though. I This &gt;&gt; Do really like this one, though. I This is probably my favorite print out of all is probably my favorite print out of all is probably my favorite print out of all of them. of them. of them. They have some winter ones on sale right They have some winter ones on sale right They have some winter ones on sale right now for uh 30% off. now for uh 30% off. now for uh 30% off. &gt;&gt; They got the ski, like the ski lodge, &gt;&gt; They got the ski, like the ski lodge, &gt;&gt; They got the ski, like the ski lodge, all the characters. Adorable. Oh, look all the characters. Adorable. Oh, look all the characters. Adorable. Oh, look at this one. This one's so cute, too, at this one. This one's so cute, too, at this one. This one's so cute, too, with the ears. I love that. with the ears. I love that. with the ears. I love that. &gt;&gt; Well, we're heading into Disney style &gt;&gt; Well, we're heading into Disney style &gt;&gt; Well, we're heading into Disney style now to see what's new. They do have some now to see what's new. They do have some now to see what's new. They do have some ears on sale for $20. He's right here. ears on sale for $20. He's right here. ears on sale for $20. He's right here. &gt;&gt; Found a brand new Spirit jersey I &gt;&gt; Found a brand new Spirit jersey I &gt;&gt; Found a brand new Spirit jersey I haven't seen anywhere else. This is so haven't seen anywhere else. This is so haven't seen anywhere else. This is so pretty with the pink, the white, the pretty with the pink, the white, the pretty with the pink, the white, the pearls, and the bling bling. pearls, and the bling bling. pearls, and the bling bling. It is $89.99. It is $89.99. It is $89.99. What the front looks like. What the front looks like. What the front looks like. Well, there you go. I love the color. Well, there you go. I love the color. Well, there you go. I love the color. Very pretty. They have some uh sparkly Very pretty. They have some uh sparkly Very pretty. They have some uh sparkly shirts here. Super sparkly. They're shirts here. Super sparkly. They're shirts here. Super sparkly. They're cute. But, uh, yeah, they're, uh, cute. But, uh, yeah, they're, uh, cute. But, uh, yeah, they're, uh, $89.99. &gt;&gt; Well, they have all of the Stony Clover &gt;&gt; Well, they have all of the Stony Clover &gt;&gt; Well, they have all of the Stony Clover stuff in here, too. And it is also 30% stuff in here, too. And it is also 30% stuff in here, too. And it is also 30% off, of course. So, if you can't find it off, of course. So, if you can't find it off, of course. So, if you can't find it in the other stores, they have it here. in the other stores, they have it here. in the other stores, they have it here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Found this new shirt, too. It's really &gt;&gt; Found this new shirt, too. It's really &gt;&gt; Found this new shirt, too. It's really cute with Carl and Ellie from Up. It cute with Carl and Ellie from Up. It cute with Carl and Ellie from Up. It says, "Love is in the air." It is a big says, "Love is in the air." It is a big says, "Love is in the air." It is a big bigger, whiter shirt. you know the that bigger, whiter shirt. you know the that bigger, whiter shirt. you know the that style that they have right now cuz this style that they have right now cuz this style that they have right now cuz this is an extra small. It's $36.99. That is is an extra small. It's $36.99. That is is an extra small. It's $36.99. That is adorable though. I like it. adorable though. I like it. adorable though. I like it. Well, next up is Summer House on the Well, next up is Summer House on the Well, next up is Summer House on the Lake. We're going to go into the cookie Lake. We're going to go into the cookie Lake. We're going to go into the cookie bar since our normal sprinkles cupcakes bar since our normal sprinkles cupcakes bar since our normal sprinkles cupcakes are gone and see what kind of new uh are gone and see what kind of new uh are gone and see what kind of new uh cookies they have cuz Gideon's always cookies they have cuz Gideon's always cookies they have cuz Gideon's always has a really long line. And they have has a really long line. And they have has a really long line. And they have really good cookies here too. really good cookies here too. really good cookies here too. They've got peanut butter. Look at that They've got peanut butter. Look at that They've got peanut butter. Look at that one. Almond cookie. Raspberry cheesecake one. Almond cookie. Raspberry cheesecake one. Almond cookie. Raspberry cheesecake swirl. swirl. swirl. Apple oatmeal. Lemon. Apple oatmeal. Lemon. Apple oatmeal. Lemon. Yum. These look so good. I don't know Yum. These look so good. I don't know Yum. These look so good. I don't know which one I want. Birthday cake. Wild which one I want. Birthday cake. Wild which one I want. Birthday cake. Wild Thai banana. Oh, the snicker doodle. Thai banana. Oh, the snicker doodle. Thai banana. Oh, the snicker doodle. That looks good. And then the pinky is That looks good. And then the pinky is That looks good. And then the pinky is always my favorite. Got your normal always my favorite. Got your normal always my favorite. Got your normal chocolate chip s'mores. chocolate chip s'mores. chocolate chip s'mores. Looks amazing. Well, we got our cookies and uh now Well, we got our cookies and uh now Well, we got our cookies and uh now we're going to try to find a seat we're going to try to find a seat we're going to try to find a seat outside of Starbucks. Of course, we're outside of Starbucks. Of course, we're outside of Starbucks. Of course, we're going to get Starbucks and enjoy the going to get Starbucks and enjoy the going to get Starbucks and enjoy the cookies. We got our cookies here. Um let's see. We got our cookies here. Um let's see. We got our cookies here. Um let's see. Mom, you want to get yours out there? Mom, you want to get yours out there? Mom, you want to get yours out there? And mom got the sea salt chocolate chip. And mom got the sea salt chocolate chip. And mom got the sea salt chocolate chip. You might not want to tear the whole bag You might not want to tear the whole bag You might not want to tear the whole bag cuz you might not eat it all. cuz you might not eat it all. cuz you might not eat it all. &gt;&gt; It's pretty big. &gt;&gt; It's pretty big. &gt;&gt; It's pretty big. &gt;&gt; Well, I think I can make it work. Okay, &gt;&gt; Well, I think I can make it work. Okay, &gt;&gt; Well, I think I can make it work. Okay, there you go. Check it. That was good. there you go. Check it. That was good. there you go. Check it. That was good. &gt;&gt; Yummy. Yummy. &gt;&gt; Yummy. Yummy. &gt;&gt; Yummy. Yummy. &gt;&gt; And dad got the same as me. The the I &gt;&gt; And dad got the same as me. The the I &gt;&gt; And dad got the same as me. The the I was going to say was going to say was going to say &gt;&gt; I don't even I didn't even know what I &gt;&gt; I don't even I didn't even know what I &gt;&gt; I don't even I didn't even know what I was going to say, but it's not salted. was going to say, but it's not salted. was going to say, but it's not salted. It is sugar cookies. Um, frosted. There It is sugar cookies. Um, frosted. There It is sugar cookies. Um, frosted. There we go. That's the word I was looking we go. That's the word I was looking we go. That's the word I was looking for. for. for. &gt;&gt; And it looks amazing. One of my faves. I &gt;&gt; And it looks amazing. One of my faves. I &gt;&gt; And it looks amazing. One of my faves. I also got the pistachio latte, which is also got the pistachio latte, which is also got the pistachio latte, which is new at Starbucks now after the Christmas new at Starbucks now after the Christmas new at Starbucks now after the Christmas season. So, uh, and it's very good. I season. So, uh, and it's very good. I season. So, uh, and it's very good. I got it only with one pump of the got it only with one pump of the got it only with one pump of the pistachio. And it's delish. And here's pistachio. And it's delish. And here's pistachio. And it's delish. And here's mine. Same as that mine. Same as that mine. Same as that &gt;&gt; threw out. &gt;&gt; threw out. &gt;&gt; threw out. &gt;&gt; I think it's just sprinkled on top. Or &gt;&gt; I think it's just sprinkled on top. Or &gt;&gt; I think it's just sprinkled on top. Or &gt;&gt; there's just a few on there. &gt;&gt; there's just a few on there. &gt;&gt; there's just a few on there. &gt;&gt; Few flakes. &gt;&gt; Few flakes. &gt;&gt; Few flakes. &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; Is it good though? &gt;&gt; Is it good though? &gt;&gt; Is it good though? &gt;&gt; No. There's some more salt inside. &gt;&gt; No. There's some more salt inside. &gt;&gt; No. There's some more salt inside. &gt;&gt; Is it nice? &gt;&gt; Is it nice? &gt;&gt; Is it nice? &gt;&gt; That's your cup of tea. &gt;&gt; That's your cup of tea. &gt;&gt; That's your cup of tea. &gt;&gt; It is. So, is it as good or better than &gt;&gt; It is. So, is it as good or better than &gt;&gt; It is. So, is it as good or better than the one at Starbucks? the one at Starbucks? the one at Starbucks? It's not heated up. It's not heated up. It's not heated up. &gt;&gt; I would say &gt;&gt; I would say &gt;&gt; I would say eat it. eat it. eat it. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Good to know. &gt;&gt; Good to know. &gt;&gt; Good to know. &gt;&gt; Starbucks. &gt;&gt; Starbucks. &gt;&gt; Starbucks. &gt;&gt; Mhm. I do too. You do. &gt;&gt; Mhm. I do too. You do. &gt;&gt; Mhm. I do too. You do. &gt;&gt; All right. Dad's trying &gt;&gt; All right. Dad's trying &gt;&gt; All right. Dad's trying the Frosted. the Frosted. the Frosted. Good, right? Yep. A+. Good, right? Yep. A+. Good, right? Yep. A+. Okay, my turn. Okay, my turn. Okay, my turn. I don't even know where to bite this. Mhm. &gt;&gt; It's sweet, but it's not like overly &gt;&gt; It's sweet, but it's not like overly &gt;&gt; It's sweet, but it's not like overly sweet. The frosting is really good. The sweet. The frosting is really good. The sweet. The frosting is really good. The cookie is amazing. Nice and soft. Mhm. Just as good as I remembered. Just as good as I remembered. Just as good as I remembered. All right, guys. Well, that is it for All right, guys. Well, that is it for All right, guys. Well, that is it for our Disney Springs day. We had so much our Disney Springs day. We had so much our Disney Springs day. We had so much fun checking out um you know all the new fun checking out um you know all the new fun checking out um you know all the new merch. So much merch. And um having merch. So much merch. And um having merch. So much merch. And um having lunch at Deluxe Burger and ending with lunch at Deluxe Burger and ending with lunch at Deluxe Burger and ending with some Starbucks and I was going to say some Starbucks and I was going to say some Starbucks and I was going to say sprinkles cuz that's normal but not sprinkles cuz that's normal but not sprinkles cuz that's normal but not anymore. Summer House cookies which were anymore. Summer House cookies which were anymore. Summer House cookies which were also very good. And we're taking some also very good. And we're taking some also very good. And we're taking some home cuz they're giant cookies. home cuz they're giant cookies. home cuz they're giant cookies. &gt;&gt; Yes. With sprinkles. &gt;&gt; Yes. With sprinkles. &gt;&gt; Yes. With sprinkles. &gt;&gt; With sprinkles. &gt;&gt; With sprinkles. &gt;&gt; With sprinkles. &gt;&gt; True. Not yours. &gt;&gt; True. Not yours. &gt;&gt; True. Not yours. &gt;&gt; Not mine. &gt;&gt; Not mine. &gt;&gt; Not mine. &gt;&gt; Yours had sprinkles of salt. &gt;&gt; Yours had sprinkles of salt. &gt;&gt; Yours had sprinkles of salt. &gt;&gt; There you go. Um but yeah, it was so &gt;&gt; There you go. Um but yeah, it was so &gt;&gt; There you go. Um but yeah, it was so much fun. Hope you guys enjoyed it. And much fun. Hope you guys enjoyed it. And much fun. Hope you guys enjoyed it. And uh we'll be back again next month to uh we'll be back again next month to uh we'll be back again next month to check out what's new. We always love check out what's new. We always love check out what's new. We always love coming here to see what's new. Uh leave coming here to see what's new. Uh leave coming here to see what's new. Uh leave a comment down below what item you would a comment down below what item you would a comment down below what item you would need if you were shopping with us today need if you were shopping with us today need if you were shopping with us today or what you're putting on your shopping or what you're putting on your shopping or what you're putting on your shopping list for when you come down. And uh pop list for when you come down. And uh pop list for when you come down. And uh pop the like button, subscribe if you're the like button, subscribe if you're the like button, subscribe if you're new. We'll see you guys soon. So for new. We'll see you guys soon. So for new. We'll see you guys soon. So for now, have a great big beautiful now, have a great big beautiful now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. tomorrow. tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Byebye. Go check out our sponsors mikblog.com Go check out our sponsors mikblog.com Go check out our sponsors mikblog.com and mickeytras.com for the best in free and mickeytras.com for the best in free and mickeytras.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning advice. Disney vacation planning advice. Disney vacation planning advice. mickeytras.com to book your next trip to mickeytras.com to book your next trip to mickeytras.com to book your next trip to Disney. Also, resortv1homes.com. Disney. Also, resortv1homes.com. Disney. Also, resortv1homes.com. If you're wanting to move here closer to If you're wanting to move here closer to If you're wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check the magic of Walt Disney World, go check the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resorttv1homes.com out resorttv1homes.com out resorttv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy. Go over there, brokered by EXP Realy. Go over there, brokered by EXP Realy. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll fill out the information form, and we'll fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right get you in contact with the right get you in contact with the right realator for you in the area that you're realator for you in the area that you're realator for you in the area that you're looking. And our last sponsor, David looking. And our last sponsor, David looking. And our last sponsor, David Club rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. Club rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. Club rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. If you're wanting to book a stay at a If you're wanting to book a stay at a If you're wanting to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out again at the cost, go check them out again at the cost, go check them out again at dbcrequest.com/tv. &gt;&gt; Now that you finished watching this &gt;&gt; Now that you finished watching this &gt;&gt; Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so video, be sure that you're subscribed so video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. that you can get all the latest updates. that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos Also, check out some other great videos Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big on our channel. Have a great big on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
