---
video_id: -dgSZEzKLNI
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live:  Celebrating 9 Years of Live Streaming on ResortTV1 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-03-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dgSZEzKLNI
---
Well, hey everybody. It's Josh >> and Jenna >> with Resort TV1 and we are live at Disney Springs where it all started nine years. Happy 9 years. >> Yes. Happy 9y year streamversary. >> Yeah. >> In fact, let's let's let's start out. We did this last year, but let's start out by uh going over to the the fountain where where it started. >> That's right. Where you were like, "Is this on? Can you see me?" >> And I did like three laps around the fountain and then I was done. >> It was like a three-minute stream. >> Yep. I mean, it was better than no stream. >> Well, what I didn't know >> was that you were not at that time. Streaming on Wi-Fi was even worse than it is now. >> And so, like, it was I was on Wi-Fi cuz I just thought that was a good idea. >> And it just that's why it just kept spinning and spinning and it never it never said, you know, on the old DAP it would say you're live. It would never do that. >> So, anyway, we're here. >> Thank you guys. So, yeah, nine years. >> Pretty crazy. Crazy. Next year is 10. >> That's insane. We got to think of something really cool. >> Yep. >> Like >> Disneyland Paris. >> Oh my gosh. >> You see the little troll animatronic they have? >> My word. And Olaf. Yeah. So cute. >> Apparently >> sometimes >> Olaf is powered by the same uh like gaming gaming graphics card like GPU power. That's how his AI is powered. That's how he's able to do all that stuff. >> He's cute. >> So Olaf's got a bunch of graphics cards in him basically. Not quite, but like that kind of that same kind of stuff. >> Hey, how's it going? Tim, >> come in everybody. >> Disney World Freak, Kathleen, Jonathan, Bob, Amy. Yeah, congrats on 9 years. We have to many more. Thanks. Yeah, not normally live. Of course, neither one of us on Thursday, but this was the This is the day. >> It's the best day. That's right. It's a good one. What? >> All right, let me see if I can I'm just looking to see if I can Oh, that's this fountain over here. >> Yeah, over here. >> I couldn't figure out which way. I don't come here that often anymore. >> A 24-hour stream would be great. I'm, you know, like fine doing that at some point. I don't know if I'm ready to do it like anytime soon, but like I said, the hardest part of that stream was about 5 in the morning. >> I don't know about that. I made it pretty good to about four or five and then I was like, "Need sleep. Must sleep." >> I don't I don't think I would do well. You You would see Jenna needs a Snickers. >> Oh, yeah. Well, and there was not really much. The hardest part about that was there was not much to do. >> Not to do, not to say. Yeah. I don't know. >> I mean, I sat and watched the resort TV and was falling asleep for a while, but then after you watched that a couple times, I was like, "Well, let me just go walk around." >> So, I walk around. >> I'm good. >> And then I was like, >> other things we can come up with things other than that. Yeah. But yeah, that was the hardest part. And I was like, "Oh my gosh, can the morning just come?" >> But we made it. >> You did. >> I did. >> Great. >> 24-hour Disney Springs where we play hide-and-seek with security. Nope. >> No, thank you. I want to come back to Disney. >> We would We would lose that game pretty quickly. I think >> this is it. This is the fountain. >> This is the one. >> The f the uh quality might be a little a little higher now. It's a little >> Oh, I forgot. I have it on 1440p from yesterday. Oh, well >> 1440p. >> Yeah, it's it's like 1080p but better. >> Okay. >> It's It's the halfway point. I was trying it to see how it did on this phone. Halfway point between uh >> 4K 4K and and 1080. >> Olaf has several microprocessors working in tandem. Wow. So cool. >> Yeah. Hey everybody. >> He's a very electronic snowman. He's an electric snowman. >> Electric. >> Yep. So there you go. So, I walked around this fountain and did the thing. Yep. Sunglasses. Hey, Amy. Dream Light Valley fan. Hello, Emara. Tim Rimple, his magical moments. Wendy, Daryl, Johnny, Debbie, Tracy. Yeah, that's what I did. I walked around. >> Is this live? >> Is this thing on? >> This thing on. >> Uh, old Mr. Young, dude. Hold on just a second. Let's see. There you go. So, yeah, that was uh literally 9 years ago today. >> Yeah. Crazy. >> We weren't quite We weren't quite so um you know, elaborate as to um actually uh do it at the same time. It was just a random time. It wasn't even like scheduled. It was just like, let's try this thing and see if it works. >> It was your spring break though, wasn't it? >> Uh yes. >> You were like live during the day. >> Yeah. >> Old Mr. Young Dude, $9. Congrats on 9 years. I challenge anyone to match my super chat. Oh, thanks. You know, dude, definitely don't have to do that, but I appreciate it. Yeah, you guys are nice. >> So, hey, how are you? >> I'm not stalking you. >> I knew you were here. >> Good. How are you? >> I just wanted to give you a little something to say thank you. >> Thank you. >> We love watching you. >> That's awesome. We just wanted to send you a PayPal from super chat. It feels like it feels like you can't send it in your house if you're in America and you can't send it in dollars if you're in the UK. So, how do we do that? >> That is definitely a catch 22. >> That's easy. >> Okay. Well, thank you. >> Anyway, congratulations on 9 years. >> Thank you. >> Since day one, so >> yeah. You guys want to say hi to everybody? >> Yeah. Yeah. >> I know you said you met them already. >> I did. >> Okay. So, tell tell me your names. >> Dave, Dave. >> Heidi and Dave. Okay. >> Yeah. We'll say hi to our daughters, Ollie, Emma, and Lucy back in the UK. Hi, girls. If you're not watching, we'll get you watch the recording later. >> Yes, they can watch later. >> Yeah, good to see you. >> About 11 11 p.m. over there, I guess. Right. Is it five hours or or six hours? >> Four. >> Oh, four now cuz the time changed. So, it's >> 10. Okay. Then it'll be back to 5. >> Well, that's good for now. It's easier to watch. >> There you go. Our UK people, it's only 10:00 over there. >> Why are you not watching? >> That's right. >> Exactly. You should be in bed. >> That's right. We had a dog who passed away a couple of years ago. That's the worst. Yeah. And I understand completely. Yeah. >> Thank you. >> Anyway, have a nice evening. >> You too. >> Enjoy. >> Yeah, we will. Thank you. >> Bye. >> Okay, I need to um I'm going to put on the wind screens. It's very windy. I forgot to do that. We can get we can get a treat later. >> Yep. I do need um >> No, there's not. I was going to say if there was like a a flat surface to just put my drink down, but that's all right. >> Okay. Thank you. >> Yep. Hi, guys. How's it going? Hi, Leslie. Oh, we got squishy. >> The wind is windy. >> The squishy is right here. The wind is windy. Uh we got Daryl and Victoria Craig a $20 super chat. Uh, they say, "Congrats on nine years of streaming. We've been watching for nearly eight of those years." Oh my goodness. Thank you so much, guys, for watching for so long. That is so nice. And thank you for the super chat. >> Yeah, it's a good thing remember, but Jenna remembered too about the day cuz I think I had kind of forgotten. >> Yeah, I had it in my calendar, but for some reason I had it as 8 years. I'm like, that's not right. I don't think >> math. >> Math is hard. Uh, Connie Connie Curtis sent99 says, "Uh, lemon character jumping in excitement with his heart beating out of his chest." >> Thank you so much, Connie. Thanks for the 999 super chat. We appreciate it. >> Thank you, Betsy. >> Thank you, guys. >> The Shaggy Freak499. Yay. Happy 9 years. Thanks for all the magic. Thank you so much, Shaggy. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate it. You guys are so kind. Oh my goodness. Kathleen gifted 10 Resort TV1 memberships. That is so kind of you, Kathleen. >> Thank you. Thank you. Let's see who who got some. Um, let's see. We got Matt Proud Patriot, >> Katie Younger, KJ Dino, James >> towards me just a little bit. >> Um, Danny, who else? Wendy, Teemo, Sullivan, Chris. Um, wait. I could be just reading off people. I'm not sure. But thank you so much. >> Thank you. And congrats to you whoever got it. >> Yes. And congrats. Exactly. >> The only thing I got a little the wind screen doesn't quite sit perfectly cuz the cameras really stick out. >> Oh, >> it covers the selfie camera. >> So, you have to move it. >> Just have to move it. Okay. >> But we're not in selfie that much, so it's not a big deal. >> Thanks. Uh, thanks Karen. Thank you so much. >> Few PayPal's here, but I'll get those in a minute. >> Hi, Tony Hall. I saw Tim here. Bless be says, "Happy 9 years." Thank you. Thanks everybody. Hey Disney magical moments. Uh $9.99 for Maria's Adventures. Congrats on 9year stream anniversary. Enjoy all your streams. Y >> thank you Maria's Adventure. We really appreciate it. Thank you so much. >> Hi Bonnie. >> We got $10 from Moansi. Hello. >> Uh it says congrats from Moansi. >> A thanks Moi. We going in or we walking around some still. >> Yeah, I was going to say it might be squishy in there. It >> probably will be, but it's going to be everywhere. >> No, I mean eventually we'll go in 100%. >> Spring break. >> Yeah, got to love spring break. >> Uh, thank you everybody. Hi Leo. >> We were playing Disney Speedtorm and >> Oh, this is cute. >> This is cute. And Figment was racing against Liam and Liam's like, "Chill Figment, chill. >> Chill. You chill." I love that. That's so cute. >> Oh, look. There's the Epcot um the symbol there, the the prism or whatever you want to call it. >> Dream finder. He's even moving. >> He is. He's moving. >> You can't see him from here. >> He's finding dreams. >> Okay, there you go. You can see him now. Uh Jay Mosley 99.99. Congrats on 9 years from Jay and Ann Marie. Thanks, Jay and Anarie. Thank you so so much. We appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. Daniel says, "Way to go on nine years." Thank you. Oh my word. Did you see the the Skyliner is moving? >> Oh, wow. >> Tower of Terror is lighting up like lightning. >> There goes entry area there. >> We've got Gertie >> and the uh what is this? Um Slinky Dog right here. >> Slinky Dog and then Monsters, Inc. >> Oh, okay. >> Oh, that's early. >> They've been doing some really cool windows. >> Yeah, these are ne these are nice windows. >> Oh my. So, here's the front of Slinky and there's the back of them. >> That's cute. >> I feel like um I like the Magic Kingdom windows. I think those could use an update, too. >> Agreed. Like not that the ones are bad, but just, you know, something different. >> It's something It's time for something different. I'm with you 100%. Um, all right. Oh, I smell coffee. Hi, Katie. Hi, Peanut. I saw a video on the new Space Ranger spin today. I did, too. >> Yeah, the cast members were doing previews. >> Amazing. Yeah, I cannot wait. >> So, that's going to be awesome. >> Yeah. Uh, Tito sent a $5 super chat. Says, "Hi, just came back from Tokyo Disney and wow, it is a whole another level of mind-blowing." >> Yeah. Plus, much cheaper than expected than Disney World. You should go. Oh my goodness. We would love to. >> It actually really is. Um, everything. >> Thank you, Tito, for the $5. >> The flight is a little bit pricier, but like hotels, >> food, >> food, >> even transport, what mom was saying, it was like a couple of dollars to get there. >> Wow. >> You know, if you don't stay like right at their >> if you stay like at just a nicer hotel off property, it's like $2 to get there. >> That is crazy. All right. Well, you know, I would say yes to go, but >> let's look at the plane tickets. That would be the main thing. >> I am so ready. >> I would have to save up a bunch of money and bring an extra suitcase cuz, you know, I'm buying a lot of merch. I know. >> Well, that wind is just ruthless. >> It is really cold, isn't it? >> Anything over here? >> Oh, uh, yeah. Magic Kingdom Castle. That's cool. >> So, they got the castle >> Star Wars. >> Oh, look, the sword. >> That's cool. I never even look at these things. It's very, very reflective. >> Well, these are new cuz they were different at Christmas. >> Yeah. >> This is awesome. >> Did you guys say you're going to be doing another 24-hour stream? No, we're not. No. Somebody said we should, but we didn't say we were going to. >> Yeah. >> Hello, Colin. Welcome in. >> Oh my. >> There are people that tell me they still watch that one. >> Wow. >> Maybe I I don't know. They like that I was so silly. Like as I was getting tire more more and more tire. >> Yeah, >> I knew it was going to happen. >> I would be Stitch is going to get us. He's going to get us. >> The the uh ground is not wet, so I don't think >> Oh, it's not. I thought it was. Okay. >> Unless it just dried that quick. >> Just do it. >> Um >> remember free chocolates cuz they don't do that anymore. >> Yeah. No, they sure don't, don't they? They did 9 years ago. >> We used to go on the stream and get free chocolates. >> I know. I remember that. Hi, Petra. I miss that. Disney boy mom is here. >> That ice cream smells so good. >> Dubai style chocolate sundae. >> Dubai chocolate is a big thing right now. >> I didn't know they had their own style. >> Yeah, it's a different I've never tried it, but it's a big thing. >> Well, there you go. >> Purple life said or purple fire said. I'm one of those people that still watch those. >> He still watches it. Wow. >> Mhm. I miss the old coast to coast streams. Me too, Danny. >> Yeah. Once Brick can get back over there, we'll do one. >> Yeah. Their tickets are just so expensive in Disneyland. It's hard. >> He's got some, you know, he's got he's got some cast member friends that can get them. That's true. And but, you know, so if that if that works out, great. But if not, then >> yeah, >> then we'll, you know, we'll figure it out. But yeah, speaking of which, which I got to renew my passport here pretty soon. >> Yeah. Mine's always in November, which in April >> is kind of bad because of Christmas and stuff. Do you want to go in here? >> Sure. >> We have Peanut 9725. thought of Dale today wearing my Chip and Dale lanyard at work at the library. Uh talking about your feeds magical anniversary. Thank you. A thank you so much. Thanks for the uh $5 super chat. That's awesome. Love Chip and Dale. >> I told everybody um last night when I was streaming, hey Ginger, we're going to have to do our fundraiser for our run. >> Yes, we do actually. Yeah, very soon. >> Maybe next Friday. >> Okay, I like that plan. Um and we need to start running. >> I know. I'm actually going to start this weekend. >> Okay, good for you. >> I feel like I'm going to be fine. How much time do we have to do it? 3 hours. >> Um, I'm not sure. It says depends on the corral. >> The race starts at 5 >> for the first. >> I think they said it stops at 8. >> Okay. >> So, if I'm on the last corral, I might have 2 and 1/2 hours. >> Yeah. You just got to say, you got to stay ahead of those ladies. >> Ladies. Yeah. >> Which is a what? 16 mile minute. >> I'll just I'll just destroy myself to finish. >> That's what I Well, that's why you need to just practice a little bit. Uh-huh. >> Um, we've got JC9.99. Josh and Jenna, congrats. Here is to another nine. JC from PA. >> Thank you. >> Thank you so much, JC. Appreciate that. >> We went through um we were doing the uh Disney Speed Story. They have a Nightmare Before Christmas track. >> Oh, fun. >> Yeah, it really it's on Switch and it's it's free to start playing. I would I would I would download it if you ever get bored, but like the worlds are so cool. There's like an Arendelle world. It's like it's like from all the movies. >> Okay. >> Yeah, it's really cool. >> Well, if it's free, I will download it. I like free. >> You can, you know, you you can >> you can only do so much, but it's like it's quite a bit you can do for free. >> That's nice. >> Oh, that's a cool freaking shirt. >> Yeah, they've got some different ones in here that you don't see in the park, which I love. >> I don't actually see the physical shirt. >> Oh, you don't? >> No. >> No. >> No. >> Huh. You're right. >> Spinning. Searching. Searching. >> No. But they have a Chip and Dale one. >> Circle. still spinning. >> I don't see it. >> They do have a Stitch one. >> Yeah, >> they do. This one's cool. This is not up there, but it's here. >> It's not there, but it's here. >> It's here. >> It's very collegic. I like >> the original Walt Disney World. Oh, it's the It's a pennant. I'm not going to unfold it, but it's That's actually really cool. I like the logo. >> I like the green, too. >> And it's a green. I like the color. And it's very It's the um the pennant style sign cuz you could get that. They made a pennant that had the uh >> very nice >> logo on it, right? They had one for the 50th, remember? >> Yeah. Oh, no. That's not That's not it. >> No, that's Goofy. >> It's another planet. >> Uhhuh. >> Oh, there you go. >> They got a couple new ones in the world of Disney, too. I went and looked earlier. >> All right. >> I like it when there's different mers. That >> me, too. Same. Uh, if the balloon lady catches you, uh, do you still get your medal? That is a great question. >> I don't think so. >> I don't think so, but I could be wrong. If somebody knows for sure, let us know. >> I also don't know what the procedure is. Yeah. >> If they catch you, do they say, "Hey, you got to speed up." They don't just grab you right away, >> right? They just say, "Yeah, you got to speed up." Yeah. >> Not like a sudden death. >> Obviously, if you're stopped and you're having cramps or something, then you're going to just have to go. >> Yep. If you can't keep up with them in front of them, then Yeah. >> They sweep you and put you in a van. >> Yeah. >> Um, so we have Dominican Marine sent a $50 super chat. says, "Uh, I just saw your video from 7 years ago with you, Jackie, Adam, the Woo. Brought tears to my eyes. Congrats on 9 years. Love all you streamers." >> Well, that that video has been coming back up. A lot of people are sharing it. >> I got uh comments on it. >> Oh, really? >> But there's been new pro I check the app every once a while. I get new comments. >> We were so excited to see them. Yeah. >> So, it was here at Disney Springs, >> Disney. Oh, first of all, thank you. >> Yes. Thank you, Dominican Marine. That is so so kind. Thank you. Thank you. >> We appreciate that. But yeah, that um thank you for bringing that up, too, because we had a um >> we reposted that as a separate video. >> Oh, I that's right. >> Because it was so fun. >> You're right. You're right. I love these. I got them. >> There's also another one of uh when we met Tim and Adam on the 35th. >> Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was fun. >> Times Adam was on the stream, but not not like as long. >> Yeah. Oh, our um the opening of Runaway Railway. Yep. >> Railway. I actually walked in from the parking lot with him that day. He's so nice. >> Yes. down here. >> He was so nice. >> I still think it's mind-blowing that like >> great guy, >> you know. >> I still Yeah. >> That I mean, well, >> mind-blowing in a in a good way that that he knew so many people. >> Yeah. >> And that, you know, >> um that Tom Wilson gave part of his eulogy like that he he did a I don't know if I guess that's a eulogy like that, you know, it is the eulogy like the remembrance speech. >> Oh, yeah. No, it is. Yeah. Uh, Lori Shepard, $10 started watching in 2020. Congrats on nine years. Here is to many more. Thank you so much, Lori. Thanks for watching. Yeah. Let us know, guys. When did you start watching? We'd love to hear. >> Um, I want to buy this >> to hold all my medals cuz I'm getting quite a few now. >> That's cool. I like it. >> Yeah, I do like it. >> So, this is a whole Run Disney shop right here. They have all the like the regular Run Disney merch, but for our race, they'll have, you know, specific stuff for our race. >> I got to buy my gear. So, yeah, you do. I had I don't know what I'm actually going to wear to the race. >> Well, I heard our charity has a shirt if we want to wear that. >> She said you don't have to, but you can. >> Do that. >> They also give you a shirt with the race, so you can wear that as well. >> Most people aren't racing with khaki shorts on, but like >> No, I would do like gym shorts. >> Oh, gym shorts. I'm just wondering if the having the phone it's going to bounce around in like in a pocket like that. >> You can just hold it. >> Hold it. >> Mhm. >> Or do you like Dale? He got He has like a >> strap. >> Strap. Yeah. Like you put on for running. Um Oh my goodness. We have >> running strap. >> Uh T Oh, Tiffany, I think Tiffany, sorry. It's hard to read the names. $100 super chat says, "Congrats. Happy anniversary." Oh, Tiffany Mertz. Yeah. Sorry. They're hard to read still. Um, happy anniversary. You guys are the best and deserve a lifetime of of success. Been watching since the beginning. I'm just not able to be in the chat often. Always cheering for the whole family. Thanks for all that you do. Bring all of us so much joy. Oh my goodness. >> And also a platinum member. >> Yeah, that's right. That's right. >> So that's that's why you're familiar with the name. Thank you, Stephanie. I really really appreciate it. >> Thank you so much. We really appreciate it. >> Yes, we do. And um >> so kind. >> Yeah. Thank you. Whether you're in the chat or whether you're watching the streams, it was we appreciate it. >> Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Uh, proud Patriots. So, it's 6 months ago. Here, let's show them the blind box store. Everybody likes to see what they have. >> They do have a couple. Okay. Couple new things. I started watching in 2017. Uh, 2019. Wow, it's busy in here. Hello, Mickey mom Jen. 2021. Look, they have lots over there. 2017. They also have these guys. They're really cute. >> They have a stitchy one. They're hard to get to right now. Princess ones. 2019. Oh, that's awesome. Grammy, thank you. Started watching in 2018, 2019, 2020. Adam would have never imagined when he watched Back to the Future the first time 1905 that Biff would deliver a eulogy to his memorial. I know, right, Ginger? My goodness. Hey. Yeah, he could get a little fanny pack. That's true. A little running fanny pack. He could actually use mine cuz I don't use it. These are really cute. I want these. Uh, sorry guys. 2014. Thank you so much. 2021. I'm sorry. Okay, there we go. 2017. These are the ones you can get in this one. They're like little squished guys. They're cute. I also really like these. I feel like these were $16.99 the other day, so I think they upped the price on these, but they are really cute. Get Chip and Dale. They also have the birthday. Well, there's a birthday and then other Mickey's in here. 2022 2018. What year did Josh fall and skin his people mover? Um, it was a July 4th. I'm not exactly sure which one. Did we lose stuff? But um it was it was a July 4th. All right, I'm going to get out of here. It's a bit squishy. >> Oh, he's talking to somebody. That's why. Hey, Tiger Tail John. Hi, Mia. >> Hi. How are you? >> Good. >> Hello. >> We were we were tracking you guys down when we knew you were around. We like we got to go meet him. >> Oh, I'm glad you did. Happy birthday. >> Thank you. >> That's awesome. >> From Nebraska. >> Okay. Did you want to say hi? >> Yeah, sure. >> What were your names? >> We're Danny and Danny. >> Awesome. Good to see you guys. >> Everybody wish uh Danny a happy birthday. >> Thank you. >> Is it today or soon? >> It was yesterday. >> Close enough. Awesome. >> We're still milking it. >> Of course. >> No problem. >> The birthday trip, >> right? That's right. >> We got roasted on on rise. One of the guys asked if if uh if it was actually today and I told him no. He says, "Oh, okay. So, we're lying about our birthdays." >> I love that. >> You should have said, you know, uh actually I pleaded the fifth and I'm not talking to you. I want my lawyer. >> There you go. I like that. That >> should have said that. You know, you always think of these things after 100%. They're gone. >> So, I tried the force a couple times and it didn't work. A look at that. >> And I said I said, you know, these are not the spies you're looking for. >> I'm not a spy. You know, and all this, but well, it worked on the Stormtroopers once though. >> It did. >> I said I they said something about >> I don't remember what it was, but I said something about we're not the streamers you're looking for. >> Yeah. >> And they literally like, "Okay, move." And they turned around and left. That's awesome. But you know, as a Star Wars fan, you know that that's actually canonical correct that the Storm Treepers are very weak-minded that it should work on. >> Yeah. Okay. So, that's actually pretty cool that they they responded to us. >> Hello. >> It works. >> Yeah. >> And then we uh got to meet Mando and and Gro had Grou shirts on like that. >> Oh, yeah. So, the interaction was fun. I love that. >> After we came around a corner and was like boom, they were there and we're like this could have not been any better. >> That's awesome. >> No, that's kind of how you have to do it is just run into them. It's hard to It's hard to climb it, but they're cool. Exactly. >> Glad you found it. >> Awesome. >> Well, good to see you. >> Really? It has. >> Yeah. I feel bad for anybody who was wanting warm. >> I mean, it's not So, it's weird, too, cuz if you look at the temperature, you're like, "Not cold." You go outside and you hit the wind and you're like kind of feels >> cold jacket. >> Yeah. See, it is cold for March. >> I've worked here since 2008. I don't ever remember a March where temperatures, especially just earlier this week, dropped into the low 40s. 40s. >> That's not >> It was unheard of. Yeah. >> Not common. >> Sounds like January. >> It does. >> You're right. It does. >> Yeah, we do get 40s in January. But not >> We came a couple years ago in January for my birthday and we were in shorts and t-shirts. Everybody always ask us what to wear and I'm like, "Bring everything." You never know. It could be 80s. It could be Last week it was 90. It was hot like three days in a row and then we got that storm and the cold front and stuff. >> Yeah. >> And now I know it's supposed to be 90 on or 80 on Saturday. Okay. So, we get one more warm day hopefully. So, >> yeah. >> Well, I hope you enjoy it. >> Appreciate you guys. >> Have a good trip. Good night. >> Bye. >> Bye. >> All right. Where do you want to head? >> I was like, why is my phone freaking out? Okay, >> your phone's freaking out. >> It was telling me that I was in a loud environment. >> Oh, mine's ringing. >> Okay, random number. >> Yeah, usually it says scam if it's scam, but anyway, >> not always. >> All right, weed. I have to show them this. I got so excited. You know how I Well, yeah. I love the displays cuz that's what I used to do. >> Yeah. >> Um in my job, but I was looking at this display. I showed it on my Disney Springs vlog. If you guys saw it on Sunday, I posted that. But I have to show you if you didn't see it over in this window. They have the coolest display right here. Wait for it. So, they got comfy, you know, loungewear and stuff. And here she is in her loungewear. And then who do I spot? just stuffy. Yeah. >> I was like, um, excuse me. If you're going to have him in a window, he needs to be for sale, please. >> True. True. >> I would also buy that one. And it looks used and I don't care. >> It does. I was going to say that is somebody that is like somebody's like somebody's bear. Yeah. >> Yep. >> And it's locked up, so it's safe. >> It's safe. But again, I would buy that one. >> Please bring Duffy back. >> Authentic though. Like it doesn't look new. It looks Yeah, it doesn't look like it. >> He looks loved. >> So anyway, I got excited. >> I like it. >> We need Duffy back is all I'm going to say. >> All right. >> All right. All right, let's go this way. Happy anniversary. Thank you, Anthony. Everybody was posting when they started watching us. I was reading out a lot of those days or years, I should say. Um, Jennifer, thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, it's Duffy. Can you believe it? He's so stinking cute. >> I saw it on the stream the other day. Yeah. You mean on my vlog? Yeah. All right. I know people want to see pens, so let's go to the pen shop >> and then we got to go back to the world of Disney. >> Jump in the restroom while you do that and then you can then you take your turn. >> Show you. Yep. I'll I'll find you in there. >> Hard to believe it's been 9 years. I actually started watching when I first when you first started. That's awesome. A latte coffee. Amazing. My girls were 6 and 12 when we started watching and now they are 13 and 19. Oh my goodness. A big part of their life. Oh my word. I love that so much. Wow. Crazy. Crazy. Oh, look at this one. I think that's for the Oh, for the Disney Visa card. All right, let's see here. These are the um these are Oh, here we go. Here we go. Okay. So, oh, they they're getting all these like digital signs that tell how much everything is. But they've got a Oh my goodness, look at all these. The Muppet one. Are you kidding me right now? Big Max. Um, okay. So, we have uh Fort Wilderness Ricky 1999. Fort Wilderness Ricky and Nick Pick subscribed when you had about 20,000 subscribers. Congratulations. Oh my goodness. Thank you. Thank you so much Fort Wilderness Ricky and Nyx Pix. You guys are so sweet and yeah, I know you guys have been hoppers for a long time and we do really appreciate it. Thank you so much guys. Thanks Anthony. I was sick on July 4th was looking for fireworks saw live from Disney World. I was uh was like this a thing watch ever since. A udaly Lane. Thank you so much. Hi Steve. Hello Plymouth Rock. I don't know why they stopped selling Duffy. Maybe he wasn't quite as popular, so they were going to stop for now and then um maybe now. I mean, he would be so popular if they brought him back. He and all the Duffy friends would sell out. Just saying. All right, let's go look. Oh, okay. This is a new pen. I showed again on my vlog if you guys missed it. Kind of c him. Hi, Zig Zagman. Pyita. There was another one. It must be gone. They had a Oh, no. Here it is. Pirate Sitchi. I think I have a pirate sitchi from um the cruise line. They also have an orange bird on his pillow. Let's see if I can find it for you guys. Oh, it's over a little bit. Um right here. order. >> But I love all of um Walt Disney World and different parks. My first memory of you was the reopening of the people mover. Oh, awesome. That was a fun day. That was a fun fun day. All right, guys. >> Josh is probably walking around the other way looking for us. I know. Darn it. I got to go to Japan. >> DCA sold Duffy for a long period of time. Yeah, so did Epcot. He used to meet and greet at Epcot. He still does on Disney Run, like a Run Disney. >> Hi. >> Hi. >> All right. >> Okay. >> Should we go back to the um world of Disney or you want to go keep going and then circle back? >> So, hold on. There's a really cool poster over here. >> Okay. I like cool posters. >> Oh, I see it. >> Yeah. >> Do you think they're going to come out with another one? >> Speaking of >> another what? >> Show >> on Disney Plus. Did you see the first one? >> No. >> There's a new Muppet show on Disney Plus. >> Yeah. No, I think I haven't seen it yet. I knew about it, but why wouldn't they do more than that? >> Cuz they said it was just one for now until they saw how it went. >> Oh, >> and you have to watch it immediately. >> They have to watch it now then. >> It is amazing. So many people raved about it. Okay, that is cool. Yeah. Yeah. And she's in it. >> Bring that car. >> And Seth. >> Seth Rogan. >> Yep. >> That's so cool. >> Can't wait to watch all of your videos from your cruise. Oh, thanks, Karen. Yeah, we've been posting them. I think I have two left. >> Uh, look, everybody. >> Mary Hester sent uh or sent five resort or gifted five resort TV one membership. Thank you so much, Mary. >> Wow, that's so kind. Thank you so much. >> All right, I'm actually going to use this bathroom cuz it doesn't look like there's a line out the door. >> Sounds good. I can meet you in the Christmas store or where? >> Okay. >> Uh, I'll pop in the toy store real quick. >> Hi guys. Okay. Go. Sorry. All right. 65 in Indiana. Wow. Yeah. It's not not too far off of that now. 69 here right now, but feels cooler than that. It's weird. >> Mr. Tater Head, this used to be Does anybody remember when this store used to go all the way back? Had so many toys in here. I mean, it's still cool. So many toys were in here back in the day. streams are a great way for people to escape the cold and enjoy a mini vacation. Thanks so much and please both of you. Um and Josh enjoy a churro on me. Thank you. Appreciate that. Ratings were great for the Muppets, so I expect we'll see more episode. Good, good, good. I was wondering about that. I'm glad that you glad that you told us that cuz I always wonder if things will be popular or not. But, you know, cuz people are busy and there's so many options and Yeah. So, I'm glad that it worked out well. Sherry Johnson99. Congrats on nine years. We moved here in 20 May 2017. Started watching you guys not long after. Positive thoughts for your mom and dad, too. Thank you. Appreciate that. Sherry, thank you. I remember that being the store. I know. The jar table. That's what the uh Star Wars chest is called. Really huge >> if I remember correctly. Yeah, it was literally >> It literally just used to keep going. It just kept going and now just like a warehouse back room or something. Goodness. Somebody's having a whole meltdown. Yeah, we got the Lincoln logs here. Frontier Trading Post. How fun. Humpy Bear Gambler. They even got the people mover. Yeah, the old store was great. Do you remember they had the Montreal display in there too with all the different Montreal uh different uh stations and stuff? You could get like the whole contemporary and spaceship earth and everything. You could have like a whole set. I know a lot of people on I see on Tik Tok like they've got the Montreal sets which is fun. Super fun. I know we don't come to Springs often but we try and do that on the anniversary streams because that was where it started. I didn't have a pass at the time when I started. I did not have a pass, so I just was at Disney Springs and decided to do a stream. >> Must have built a lightsaber. Um, I'm not sure. That's a good question. Those are not the the fancy ones like uh let me here. Let me look for you. Those are not the fancy ones like of course in the in the Sabbi's workshop and stuff, but I don't I don't know that it says Oh, no. It does say here. There you go. There's your pricing. >> All right. Cool. So, now you know and knowing is the battle. I'm >> Northern Virginia. >> We just got here today. >> Oh, perfect. >> Get warmer. >> Been chilly. >> I know. The mug is coming to Florida. >> It's weird, right? I know. It's been the coldest. Oh, here's >> I snuck up on you. >> Yeah, you did. >> This is mine. I'm not sure. >> Oh, you know what? Your thing's fitting in front of it. Like, what is that color? Oh, guys, you you just made her day. >> Of course. Thank you for watching. >> Well, have fun. Enjoy the warm weather coming so much. And it's so wonderful meeting you. >> Awesome. Have a good one. >> Thank you. >> Bye. >> Bye. >> Where did you go? >> I just went in the toy store. >> Okay, cool. >> Talking about how it used to be bigger. >> I know. I do. I'm not going to lie. All right, we can go back this way. We can Well, I guess the boat's over here if we're going to get on the boat eventually. >> So, I guess we go to >> big store. We haven't been there yet. >> I remember when Liam used to ride the train. >> I know. He used to love that. >> Like, how how did that I know. How did that time go away so fast? >> I don't know. >> Cuz then we came back one time and he's like, "Yeah, I'm too old for that." I'm like, "No, you're not. It's not." So, tell me it's not true. >> It's not true. >> The thing about when he started the streams, he was only he I wasn't even one yet. >> That's crazy. >> They started the streams. >> That is insane. Well, that's what um what Tommy was saying is girls grew up watching us. Yeah. >> And now he said they're 19 and 13. >> Oh my gosh. >> Yeah. >> Well, and I saw the Poli Pets family and you know, they their kids were younger when they started watching us. you know, they were like barely in high school or something and now they are, you know, then the one we about to go to the one young lady's wedding. I would spend a while in that store. Truly. Yeah, it's fun. I did look at how much to build a toy lightsaber. There's a couple different prices. The >> cheaper than the regular >> $39.99 for a single standard and then like $49.99 for the deluxe >> and then 59 and the 69 for the double I think was what it was. something like that. If you have the double like the Kylo Ren double one, >> if you're going to pay that, you might as well get a real one. >> Well, the real ones are 200, so >> Oh, okay. Sorry. >> The real ones are like, you know, thank you to Disney uh Genie TV for um the real ones are crazy crazy cool. >> Like >> Oh, he is pretty. I just saw him. >> Oh, yeah. >> Oh, he is. Okay. I wouldn't uh I definitely wouldn't have bought it for myself. >> Yeah. >> Oh, so it's nice. It's just a nice gift. You know, sometimes people get they gift you something that you wouldn't get for yourself. That's nice. >> Bright suns for sure. >> Thank you. >> All right, there we go. CRST primer. The success of this stream is proof that God sometimes has even larger plans for us. we have for ourselves. God bless your family, especially mom. Thank you so much. CRST primer. I appreciate that very much. >> They have a new Doug shirt. >> Tommy Mars here. That's awesome. Hey, Tommy. So fun. Congrats on nine years. You guys are great. Keep up the great work. Thank you. A friend to all. Best explorer for sure. >> I think we need this tank. >> And this is cool, too. Uh oh my gosh. Speaking of being tank, >> tank game. That's so cute. I send that to Steph. She might She might like that. >> I wonder. >> Oh, those are fun. almost wanted to get it for Liam cuz he loves that kind. Plus, he was in the Finding Nemo musical. >> He wasn't in the Now, I will say he wasn't in the tank gang like that was not that was not his role in the show, but he was still really really Yeah, he was still part of it. Which way we headed? >> Okay. >> Liberty Freedom. >> Oh, wow. >> This one I thought. >> Yeah. >> Or awesome dad. >> Awesome dad. Wow. >> Like that. >> Yeah. >> Is it normally that busy or is it a spring break crowd? Uh, both. It is pretty busy usually here, but also spring break crowd, so kind of a little bit of both. >> Probably a little bit amplified by that. Oh, that's >> that is cool, though. >> I mean, I think this just patriotic stuff. Yeah, it's very cool. I like that a lot. >> And then you got your Star Wars one. >> Nine years of streaming. This is the way. Yeah. Oh, yeah. The Star Wars one. Yep. That's cool. Okay. They got some new things. >> They do indeed. >> Well, today I came in looking for a new pair of chairs that I saw came out. Apparently, they don't have them at Disney Springs cuz I looked >> Oh, >> everywhere. >> Where else would they be? >> Um, I've gotten magic so far. >> Oh, yeah. I saw a sweatshirt that looked like out of the corner of mine. It looked like the Mystery Machine. I was like, "Wait, that's the wrong park." Yeah. >> Cute shirt though. >> Yeah. >> That's what I was talking about here, guys. It just had the same like colors. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. You kind of look at it. >> Kind of look at it sideways. >> Korean. >> Yeah. Q-t. Thanks for joining us for our 9y year anniversary celebration. So excited to share it with you guys. >> Yeah. >> Oh, now >> Stitch and Angel on the ears. >> That's cool. >> I can't wait till I can find it. >> Oh, that's what that's the thing that goes with it. >> Uh-huh. I think so. Okay. Cute. >> Oh, and then they have a new Stitch backpack. Yeah, >> they had it in smaller size. I would totally get it. >> It's a good I think I've seen those though because they had them at Polynesian or something. >> Oh, no. These are new. >> New? Mhm. >> It's got good um >> new >> It's got good pouches on the sides for the water. >> It's just like mine, but mine's the miniature like the the smaller version. >> Yeah, >> that one gets too big. What? >> So, apparently I'm getting a new backpack. I forgot to tell you. >> Um Lug emailed me >> apparently. He said >> apparently. Yeah, Lug emailed me. Okay. >> And um they were like, "Oh, we have this backpack. You want to try it out?" But I was like, "I actually was looking for a new backpack. It's a it's a bigger one." >> Okay, nice. >> So, I thought, "Well, I guess they they probably gave you a couple, so I I'll get one." And >> take it. >> It's like a It's like specifically a travel type backpack. >> Okay. >> Or a park day backpack, >> but more like more room. >> So, we'll see. This one is just This one's fine, but it's very flimsy, so >> it's hard to >> zip and stuff. >> That's cute. >> Yeah, >> this is a kid shirt. >> Yeah, >> that's cool. That's awesome. I can't wait to see it. Love mixing and stuff. >> I bought it. >> It was a small wood when I bought Oh, I got email from their social media manager, the guy that we met at uh at the event there, the celebration event. Every time I hear Happily Ever After the fireworks, I'm like, we heard that live. >> Text my husband the other day while watching Jenna stream. I said, I need to go to Walt Disney World. And he said, why? Because Jenna is showing me all the new merch. >> And he's like, no. >> Wait, who said that? >> Uh Mickey mom Jen. >> I love that. Jen, can you meet your Crocs? Nice. >> That's what the McDonald's Happy Meal is. Apparently Liam wanted McDonald's because we we kind of got >> No. Well, yes, it's a Crocs. Sorry. >> We kind of got excited about or got him interested in McDonald's again cuz all the Transformers >> and the Happy Meals. They weren't actual Transformers, but changeables they called them. >> Anyway, the point is now he's like he wanted to go see if they had them again, but then they had the Crocs. >> He had all but four of them. So, I need to >> Crocs or what? >> Uh yeah, they're little Crocs. Minister ones. Cute. >> And they just put stickers on them and stuff. >> Okay. >> Jenna, did you see the new angel ears? >> No, that's what I was looking for. Stitching angel ears. Can't find them. >> Apparently, they're at Magic and Epic. >> I Okay. I signed up for the 10K next year cuz Jenna, my husband said that my husband did the same thing. That's funny. >> Josh and I are doing a 10K in a month. Less than a month. >> Yeah. I got to start running. Have you been running? >> Nope. We got this. >> I just did a 5K >> a month ago. >> I just got to like get stressed out. >> It's longer than you think. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. No, I'm I'm sure that it is. >> You know what? I'm really confused. You know, usually for new movies, they get out new merch. >> Yeah. >> They didn't get any new merch for the Hoppers movie. >> Really? >> I would have bought a shirt that said Hoppers. >> Have you seen it? >> No. No. when I hit >> because of our hopper. >> Yeah. Oh, for sure. >> Lenny was showing these Frontier Trading Post and Country Bears. They also had Big Thunder Mountain at Frontier Land, which was fun. Uh, let's see. Sapphire sent a uh $29.99 uh super chat. Thank you so much. Have a nice dinner to celebrate. Thank you so much, Sapphire Sooner. appreciate you very much. That's very kind. >> Okay, >> that's cute. >> All right. >> Yeah, >> exclamation point. >> I think Florida. >> It's funny. Love watching your vids during co and after. That's how I learned a lot about the theme parks. Nice. >> Lizard. Lizard. I know that the lizard is so funny. that waves >> and also that hits the hits the like button a bunch of times. >> So cute. >> They got they got him drawn really good. They got the crazy eyes. He's got the good crazy eyes. >> I would so buy one of those lizards. >> Oh, for sure. Why didn't they sell a lizard with the crazy eyes? >> We need that over here. They didn't have >> We can get out if you want. >> When they first started, they would open the mail in the park. My girls used to love My girls were so excited to see the color pictures in the park. Yeah. Oh, that was that was so fun. Well, we appreciate you girls sending those in. And um yeah, it just got to the point where it was hard to um hard to open mail. Like we could have brought that kind of stuff, but um it also gets to the point where security, you know, if it's any bigger than a letter or whatever, depending on what it is, it might not even be able to come in. But >> no, it was fun to do that for sure. >> It got to the point where it was just hard to hard to manage. But yes, that was fun back in back in the old days. >> You don't want to like ruin anything if it's in your backpack. >> Yeah, that's why we do the home mail streams because we um we don't have to worry about stuff getting damaged if we're Yeah, like Jenna said, we're bouncing around in our backpacks or whatever. >> Whoever was the channel membership I just received, thank you. Oh, yeah, for sure. >> Oh, and another man saying Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Bernard. Don't No. Sometimes you power down. Power. The power of love. >> Awesome. Very cool. All right, guys. >> Yeah, very good. Very good. That song always draws a crowd. Uh, Blue Polo said $20. Blue Polo, thank you so much for the $20 super chat. He says, "Congratulations on nine years of live streaming." Thank you, Blue Polo. >> Appreciate that very much. I know you want to watch Back to the Future again. I'm so glad they brought it back to the theaters. It was so good. >> I'm glad I got to see it on our cruise. >> Yeah, >> for sure. >> Shall we go and take a boat or you want to keep walking around here? >> Oh, we can do the boat. Might >> as well. >> Yep. >> No, such a such a great song. iconic era. >> Anybody have a Delorean and a hoverboard? I know. I want one. Either one. >> Delorean or a hoverboard? >> Power laces. >> Apparently they >> jacket dry. >> Your jacket is dry. Apparently they made a uh limited run of the power laces, but they were like I don't know like a couple thousand dollars or more. G. >> It wasn't I I think it was more about the fact that they were limited run than I I mean I'm sure it cost more to make them, but I don't think it cost as much as it it's just that they didn't make that many, so they had to charge more for them. I don't know how many they made, but Okay. I found you because of Dale. He did a vlog from French Quarter at Scotats. That's awesome. Yeah. Did you guys do a vlog at Scat Cats one time? time. I guess somebody said they saw >> nailed it, I think. >> Yeah. >> By himself. >> I think it was with somebody Steve or >> Oh, was Steve and Cy. Okay. >> Yep. It was a couple years ago. >> Cool. thought they were fake. >> Okay. >> They brought they bought the Delorean factory and started selling them again. Yes, they did. Yes, they were selling Deloreans again. still um not a lot of them, but they um using apparently when Delorean closed down, they had a bunch of parts still. >> Uh but then they've also been upgrading and whatever. So yeah, there is a market for them apparently still. >> All right, this is all I brought. Am I going to be >> I I have a uh I have a jacket, but yeah, I'm I'm I'm thinking the same thing, but I think it's going to be fine. Just took a break to find your original first ever live stream. Not bad. You've come a long way. Growth, quality, and followers. Yeah, there were some streams right >> that I noticed um this way probably. There's some streams I noticed actually that um you know the quality was at 480p for a while and we finally figured out that was a restriction of the cell phone company. Uh T-Mobile was restricting the data so that's why it was doing that but then 480 but a couple times it dropped down to 360. >> So there are some streams that are like like why does it look like that? And I'm like, "No, because for whatever reason when the stream started, it had no way of we had no way of knowing, but it just like >> went down to 360." Yeah. >> Yeah. You couldn't set the resolution. YouTube just set it for you. >> Wow. >> I think I found out about you cuz you collaborated with a blogger I already followed. That's cool. Trying to think. Yeah, we haven't done a lot of collabs lately, but it's always It was fun back in the day. Nobody really does too much anymore. >> Okay. >> Hey, David, happy anniversary. Stream anniversary. >> Yes. We have a bunch of the Transformer toys unopened. If you want to message me the ones Liam needs, I'll see if I have them. Oh, cool. Nixpics. That's very nice. >> That's really nice. >> Uh, let's see. I guess I can message you on Instagram, right? >> Yes. >> Okay. Yes, you can. Obviously, we can't exchange phone numbers over the stream, but yeah. Um, so yes. >> Should we go on the art before we go? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Nick's pick. Thank you. I'll I'll let you know. He's got four. He actually almost has them all. He's got four that he's missing. No, they aren't super expensive. Like, I think they're going for$5 or $6 on eBay, so I could. But if you have a few, that'd be great. Yeah. Know the brand, the new the new McDonald's uh changeables. >> Thank you. Hey, there's Britt. >> Hey, Brit. >> Happy 9 years. I'm ninja watching as I work, but glad to be here. Thanks, Brit. >> Thanks, Brit. >> Good to see you. >> Do a picture of a new shirt. >> Oh, cool. >> This is so cool. >> It is cool. >> So, yeah. Um, >> I absolutely love >> Definitely Brit and the whole crew are a huge part of our 9 years. I was just thinking, Brit, that I need to text you and catch up and see how you were doing. Oh, this is cool. >> I'm so far behind here. Uh WW Streamfinder Quality Lash, you have earned your spot at number one. Fittingly, Resort TV won. Congrats to you, Josh and Jenna. Thank you. Well, we never set out to be number one. We just set out to be at that time the only. We just tried something >> and it worked. >> And then there's, you know, a lot more now. >> So, but yeah. No, seriously, we enjoy. How do you manage this vlog and teaching? It's pretty hard sometimes, not going to lie. But I do enjoy the time off. All right. All right. See, if I'm not reading your chat, sorry, I'm way real real real uh real real far behind. There we go. McDonald's changeable sounds like a diaper. I get it. Oh, this is sounds like a diaper. This is Disneyland's Fantasy Land. That's very cool, though. >> I love the Casey Junior train and Alice Mr. >> It is kind of cool cuz some of this stuff, you know, it's expensive, but like if you're talking $3.99, you know, it's like it's it's doable, you know? It's not like, hey, I need, you know, >> 10 grand or something. It's like, okay, no, you know, most people can't do that. But, and again, there's still still a significant amount of people who can't spend $3.99 on a piece of art. I get that totally. I'm not I'm definitely not there very much either, but just it's cool that it's >> reasonable. >> Why is it in a box? >> It's an attraction poster in a box. >> Oh, sorry. I thought, well, if it's flat, why does it need to be in a box? Yeah, >> but it's 3D. Oh, that's it over there. >> We were just talking about that. Warird photos. What was it? Oh, uh, >> so fun. Oh, and we need to do a coast to coast. Yes, we were just talking about that. Yeah, for sure, Brit. Um, we definitely This is what's in the box. Yeah, so we definitely need to do a coast to Ghost. Brit, let us know and we'll we'll pick a day. >> Yeah, we we miss doing those >> 100%. >> I also love this so much. >> Yes. wall. >> It was very cool to see it. Disneyland's 70th wall. >> Uh $10 from Old Mr. Young Dude. I like it when a super chat challenge comes together. Thanks, old Mr. Young Dude. >> Thanks, old Mr. Young Dude. >> Very very kind. >> Yes. >> Very sweet. >> Yep. And and Brit knows, you know, he and the crew are are always welcome to do one. Even if we're even if we're not able to do it, you can do always do a Disneyland solo stream, too. Either way, we appreciate it. No, that's our key. >> Anytime. >> It must be a music thing cuz it looks like it moves. >> Maybe legacy figurine. It's 3D legacy. >> I don't know. >> Yeah. Lots of cool figurines and things. Stuff and things. >> That's Mickey the band leader. >> And Belle Beauty and the Beast. >> That's Flower and Jump Piro. $4.99. Happy Nine years. Jenna, picture it for 10 years Friday Night Live from Paris. Yeah, that'd be fun. >> Oh my word, I would love that. >> Oh, I like this. >> Look at all the cartoons. >> Oh, these are pricey. >> They're cute though. >> Yeah, Chris and I should do a Downtown Disney stream sometime as well. Yeah, you could definitely do that. >> 100%. >> We could even be here and we could go back and forth. >> We could do a We could do a stream a Downtown Disney to Springs or, you know, formerly Downtown Disney. >> And you could also do some of the hotels. Yeah. >> Oh, here. We didn't look at the paintings over here. These are the these are the larger ones. So, um is that a legacy, Josh and Jenna? >> No. Somebody was asking about uh Friday Night Live. Yes, there will be one >> tomorrow. Jenna will be live tomorrow. >> I will. Oh, well, stay tuned to the end of the stream and I'll tell you where we're going to be because I'm not doing an announcement video since we're here. >> Where will we be? >> Okay. At the end of the stream, we'll find out. >> So cute. >> That's that petrified oak. >> The one that he gifted to Lily. >> Yes. >> Lillian. Lily. Lillian. >> Lilian. Lily. Yeah. Lily and Disney. Hey, Mom. >> Hey, Mom. >> I talked to mom and dad earlier today. >> Me, too. >> Oh, that's cool. >> This is the brave little Taylor, I believe. >> I remember watching that on Disney Channel when we were kids. That's a very cool one. >> Pretty. >> These are more abstract here. >> I know. I'm trying to figure out what it is. >> Sure. Epcot. >> Oh, this is Epcot. >> Oh, it is Epcot. >> This is Disney Hollywood Studios. >> Huh? >> I don't see that. >> Sort of see it. >> Do you? >> Sort of. If you wouldn't have told me, I wouldn't have known. >> Yes. >> This is the Tower of Terror. >> This is Chinese Theater. This is something else. >> Add it. >> Yeah. >> I don't know. >> See spaceship there. >> Yeah. >> This is >> Sorcerer's Apprentice. Ooh, the glass slipper. >> That's the castle. >> What do you think, Josh? I think it would be fun. I didn't see it, but David, I'm sorry. I didn't see what you said. >> Uh, contemporary. Wow. So, this is actually original. $8,000 >> because it's a it's an original. Well, wait a minute. >> That's not >> okay. >> It's not an original. >> It's hard to tell. >> It says >> it's definitely on canvas. It just looks more like a print. I don't see the brush strokes. >> Uh I think I think it is. I can see >> it would almost have to be. >> Yeah, it's a lot. >> My daughter found you in 2017 or 18. We watch so often. Got to meet Josh in December, Mexico. That's awesome. Queen of treasure. Very cool. I think for 10 years we live stream Walt Disney World in the morning, Disneyland in the evening. Oh, that'd be fun. That'd be cool actually. Yeah. >> Great. Right. Set your >> camera meet and greet for the tent. That could be Yep. Could do a meet and greet as well. That's another great idea. >> We'd have to give a space. >> Yes. >> To do it. That would be cool though. >> Oh my goodness. >> So, we got Jodie Benson, Pat Carroll. Wow. All the different actors, voice actors. Wow. Kuzuk. >> Yeah, >> even Chewby's there. >> How cool. Oh, by the way, something really cool this phone does. Watch. I love this. And you show merch. So, watch what happens when I focus on Jody Benson here. >> Okay. >> It's blurry. And watch. >> Well, it just it just focuses right in on it. But watch when it when you go away from it. >> It focuses right away. >> There it pops back out. So, here I'll show you. Okay. This one. See? >> Yeah. >> It pops to the wide angle lens. >> And then watch when I post it back out. >> Yeah. >> It pops back. >> Interesting. Do they see that? Is it weird? >> They do see it, but it's it's it's also that like look how close I can get to this. Hold on. It'll pop there. >> Like you can't normally like that's super clear. >> And it just does it by itself. So you're like I want to show this thing and it's like it just does it. You don't have to touch it. >> Okay. >> So yeah, there's a little bit of a switch. >> Oh, I see it. >> Yeah. But >> normally you can't get that close. And again, yeah, I can get super close to that. >> It looks like a ticket. Yeah, >> maybe it's a poster. >> So cool. Price point will determine original or print. Yes, for sure. So appreciate you all. Best Disney streamers partner. Thank you. >> Thank you. >> It will be Brit streaming. We'd fly to California and stream from there. Oh, okay. Well, no, I I understood. It was just it was just uh David. Oh, Jenna was just meaning that if you know Brit marked the calendar cuz he we want them to join us, of course. Yes. In Disneyland. >> 100%. >> Yeah. >> Ready? >> Yes. entire shoe. Sit out and >> Okay. >> If I worked here, I'd be so poor. >> Hey, Dad. Mom and dad both in the chat. I'm going to hand it to you for just a second. My >> arm is my arm is sore from three days in a row. >> All right, I get it. It >> was my choice, though, so I didn't have to go yesterday. I I thought, well, I never go to Animal Kingdom. Let's just do it. >> Yeah, why not? Uh $10 from B A Vt. $10. Thank you both. You brighten all our days. Aw, thank you so much. Uh B A Vt. Thank you. Thank you. Hi, Julie. >> Hi, James. I don't have Do I have to do ground stream here or we >> No, just straight up. >> Okay. >> There's nothing really going on here. >> I think Thank you. >> Hi, Miami Coffee. >> Dad and mom are saying hi to everybody. >> All right, don't go anywhere. We're going to get on the boat and head over to Porter's Riverside, right? Is that where we're going to go first? >> Yep. >> Explore around there and then probably walk to the other one. It's a nice little walk over. >> Yeah. So, we um >> one thing we did last time I thought that was fun we can do again is now that we're kind of in a calmer space is let's share our favorite memories from the stream that people can do that too. >> Oo, that's a long line. >> It is. We'll see. Well, maybe maybe we pick the shorter line. >> Okay, sounds good. >> So, you since you got the want to go first? >> All right. Favorite memories. Goodness, that's so hard. Um All right. >> Or it had to be your absolute number. A good one that comes to mind. >> Favorite memories come to mind. Okay. Well, I would say, huh, one of >> While you're doing that, I'll check the check the sign. >> Okay. Wow. Looks like the everybody's going to the Port Orleans. I mean, we can drive if you want >> or we can just come back. That's going to take a hot minute. >> Oh, yeah. >> Or 40. >> Hey, I have an idea, Josh. Let's >> Let's just walk to Sarasota. It or Saratoga? >> Sarasota. >> I don't want to watch Sarasota. >> You don't >> veto. >> Saratoga. >> That'd be a lot harder than a 24-hour stream. >> It's true. >> Okay. Sorry, guys. >> Jenna wants to walk to Sarasota. Sarah toga. Okay. All right. Well, this is what you have to do at Disney sometimes. You got to pivot your plan. We can maybe come back later and it won't be as bad. >> Yeah, >> but they just Is it docking or he's just leaving? >> Oh, I don't know. >> Well, they better get a later. They actually be faster to take a bus. >> Yeah, it would. But I don't think they do buses since they have boats. >> Oh, no. No, they totally do. >> Oh, they do. Okay. >> The thing about it, you're so far away. >> That's true. >> Yeah, they do buses. Sarasota would be a really long walk. Yes, it's funny. Okay. Favorite memories. This will be a nice little walk. >> Yeah, this is >> actually never done this. >> We actually don't do Sarah Saratoga. I almost did it, too. We don't do Saratoga that much. >> No, we don't. All right. >> I know. I've walked over here a couple times, but I actually go into just this far. Just this this one path here. >> Uh-huh. Um All right. Let's think about some of our favorite memories. So, I would say, well, one of my favorite memories that's popping into my head right now is uh opening of Galaxy's Edge on Disneyland. That was pretty cool. Uh Josh couldn't be here, but he came later. Yeah. >> Um and so it was Brett and I and mom and dad. So, that was really, really cool. >> Yes. >> To be there for the opening day. Um what else >> on the stream? I'm trying to think. Oh, I mean the 50th was amazing just to be there. >> The 50th was cool. I mean, it wasn't it was antilimatic like because of they didn't do a whole lot, but it was just cool to say you were there on the 50th. >> It was um Yeah, I think that's a great one. Any others? >> I'm trying to think. >> I'm drawing a blank. Help me out. I know there was a lot of lot of good ones. >> Show a good view and I'll tell them. >> Here's a good view. >> There we go. See, look. It's easy cuz there's no crowd and we just >> Boat is leaning. >> It really is. >> Boat, you okay? >> Everybody's sitting on one side. Oh, >> maybe can people go on the other side? >> Makes me nervous. It >> It's making me nervous. >> Like it's actually like It's actually like about at least >> almost a foot the wrong way. >> I don't like this. Oh >> okay. I don't think it I don't think they tilt or I don't think they flip because they're they're punching both. >> No, it I weird. >> Okay. I don't know cuz No, there are people sitting on both sides. Why is it so unbalanced? >> Why is it tilty? Or maybe it just looks that way. Maybe it just does. Anyway, all right. >> We got distracted. >> So, probably squirrel. Probably my favorite memory is uh streaming the reopening of the parks. >> Oh, yes. Yes. Yes. See, I knew I knew I wasn't my favorite. We talked about that before, but >> me. Yes. Me and Jordan skipping down Main Street. Oh, that was And just seeing all the cast members as you walked in. It was for for me it was both like it was the >> the experience of being there and imagining how it would be and hearing the music and seeing the place >> but even more so than that it was amplified by how excited everybody was in the chat. >> Yeah. >> I mean the chat was just going >> so excited. >> Even when I went in I was like okay >> I could definitely like just try and read all these but I also just want to like and let everybody else take it in. Yeah. >> And so at at when we got to the gate, I said, "Hey, I'm going to read all the chats later and everything, but I just want to take it all in and we'll let you guys take it in and we did." And then we read them all. We caught up later, but >> yeah. No, that that is a very good one. >> That was one of my favorites. >> I would say that's probably one of my faves, too. >> Just watching how excited the chat was getting, even on the boat. >> Yeah. >> Seeing the castle and all that. >> Oh, the reopening of the people mover. That was a fun one. Yeah. We waited around there forever. Do you remember that? >> We did. We were like just standing there and then finally it reopened. So that was cool. >> That was cool. Another cool but also surreal moment was when the parks closed and all the characters waving and Josh Dearo was up there >> and the train station. >> Yeah. At the train station. It's crazy to think about now that he's the CEO. >> CEO. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> But anyway, >> a lot of people um a lot of people um I think were so upset too about that whole like thing where they brought all the characters out and like, "Oh my gosh, it's so bad." But nothing really ended up happening and it was fine. I mean they were they were people I mean they were closing the parks and everything early enough that >> right it well it hadn't gotten that bad yet and and that and the fact that um >> you know we were outside and it was a whole thing but >> I mean no it's just a whole thing nobody knew nobody knew it was a whole weird new thing. See he looks tilted too. Maybe it's just how they look. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> All right. They have they do have tube that one's waiting too I think. >> Okay. Well here we'll take we'll take a walk and we'll we'll come back. It'll probably be it'll probably be the >> make like a tree and get out of here. >> I think my other um the other maybe not a stream as much, but the other big event that comes to mind was just being able to be some well not some of the first people um the first non-cast members on the Star Cruiser. >> Yes. It wasn't a streaming moment, but yes, a >> channel. Yes, exactly. I agree 100%. That was amazing. and being able to go on a couple cruises thanks to Disney, you know, on before anybody else cruised. >> Yeah. Wow. Look at Look at how it's doing now. >> Oh my word. >> See, I guess that's just how it goes. >> Okay. I don't want to be on that boat. >> Well, no. I think they all do that. I think they're doing that somehow. I don't know. Just going crazy. >> No, this looks like it's leaning. >> So, yeah. Being on um you know, the first time on the treasure and you got to do the treasure and the destiny. Yeah. >> Um, and you got to You also got to see it being christened, which is amazing. I'm >> That was so sad I didn't get to do that. >> That was so real. I still have a champagne glass. >> Wow. >> Disney Disney Destiny christening. >> Yeah. >> Um, they were like, "Here's your champagne." They're like, "Keep the glass." I was like, "Oh, yeah. >> Cool." >> Well, cuz I I think I didn't like quite register that information. I was like, "Okay, I'll keep it for the toast." Because there was a toasting moment. >> Yeah. >> And we all did that and took our pictures and did all that. But then like afterwards I was trying to look for somebody to give it to and I think I was with um um oh uh Lou and uh >> Serena >> and Serena and a couple other people >> um and maybe Jeff and some of those guys that we hang out with sometimes and they were and I was like who do I give the glass back to like it's yours. That was a souvenir. Look at it. But I hadn't really looked at it. Okay. >> They were like look it's got the >> it's got the christening on it. Oh >> that's cool. I thought it was just like generic champagne glass. Didn't have any writing on it and just here find a person to give it back to. >> No, it was actually a souvenir. >> That's cool. >> Sorry. I wish I could have gotten you one. >> And no, no, it's all good. I wish, you know, wish I could have gone, but I'm glad I stayed home cuz it was the right choice. >> It was. >> Uh, Maria Hall says, "Favorite funny moment that comes to mind for me is Jenna and Zero Droppings." Wait, what? >> I don't know. >> Zen Wait, zero droppings of what? I'm confused. Oh, the zero droppings at the Halloween party. >> Now I get it. Okay. >> Short of that. >> That is hilarious. Yes, that was funny. >> These are good thumbnail pictures. The way the sun is like shining. >> Yeah, send me some. >> Okay, >> that's right. Sorry, Maria. Took me a second. I'm like, zero droppings of what? What did I not drop? >> That's funny. Uh, good evening. Hello. Hello. Congrats. Did you recall the time Josh was dive bomb by the duck? >> Oh my gosh. Yeah. You weren't with me that time. >> No, I I was Well, I wasn't with you, but I was >> You were there >> holding a spot. >> It was like right I mean right in the face. >> Yeah. I remember you you came over. You were like, "I got hit by a duck." And I was like, "You did what?" >> It was crazy. I've never seen anything. >> And then I was like, "Are you okay?" >> Hi, Joyful. Hello. Watching since 2017 through 10 years of long, hard, scary hospital stays. Now I'm 33, getting healthy, and just moved to Florida. Oh, that's amazing. Oh, I'm so glad. >> Thumbnails acquired. Thanks for watching for so long and I'm glad that you're here in Florida. >> Thank you. >> One of my favorites is when the great Marco came to the US and spent some time streaming. Oh, that was so fun. Yeah, that's where Crazy Bananas happened. >> Yeah, those are good thumbnails. Okay, cool. >> Duffy is in the Disney adventure. I know. I want to go on the Disney adventure so bad. >> Yeah, >> it looks insanely cool. >> It does. It looks like it's got one of those courtyard things like the other ships do. >> Does Yep, it sure does. >> None of the other Disney ships have that. >> Nope. But did you hear they announced the newest Disney cruise ship that's coming in 2027? The believe. Yeah, believe. >> That's a It's hard to That one doesn't like quite the believe the adventure, the destiny, the whatever the >> Believe. >> Yeah, >> believe. >> But it's cool. Like the way Did you see the commercial that or the little ad that they had for >> believe is all the other ones are kind of like >> Hi, Gary. >> A noun. Yeah. Right. True. >> Whereas this believe is a verb. >> That's a good point. But it does make sense. believe in your they did a whole thing where they used all the names of the ships and to come then to come to the end of the believe. It was cool. You'll have to go back and watch it. It's on their Instagram. >> No, I I I do think it's cool. I just just saying it's a different it's a different part of speech. >> Yeah. >> Right, Mom. Am I saying that right? Believe is a verb, right? Yes. I believe you is that's a thing that I do >> that you do. Yeah. Uh Aquaman from a couple of years ago still hits so hard. Wait, Aquaman? Oh, no idea. No, no, no, no. Uh, shoot. It was the one at the Fort Wilderness. Uh, Underman. >> Underman. Yeah. Oh, diver diver. Yeah. Underman. That's like Give kids a wolf when I was like, "Look at the spaceman." >> Underman and Spaceman. >> Yep. >> Underman and Space Man. >> Oh, yeah. That bat came right at me. I remember that. >> You got bopped by a loon a couple times. >> I have been bopped by balloons. >> I also walked right over a snake and didn't realize it. >> Oh, yeah. And then like Jenna is actually watching the stream and she like >> a thanks Shaggy >> texted me like you just walked over a snake and I had to rewind. I was like yep I sure did. >> Jenna isms. Yes, there are a lot of those. I stepped in horse poo one night. This is also true. It was over at one of the uh Port Orleans. Hi Ally. >> I was separating out a video of >> people mover monsoon. That's a good one. >> Separating out a video of Illuminations Peace on Earth. We we only streamed that a couple times >> at Christmas >> because it was only Yeah. So, the only Christmas and it only happened >> in 20 while we were streaming. It only happened in 2017 and 18. It was gone. >> Wow. >> It was Well, cuz living the land. >> What I didn't remember was in 2019 there was no Illuminations in the Christmas season. It was already switched to Epcot Forever. >> Oh. >> Because illuminations, the last one was in September of um >> Thanks, Kiki Mouse. >> 2019. >> Wow, that's crazy. Has anyone seen the new commercial for the Disney Cruise? Oh, yeah. The one with the dad and the son. >> No. Oh, get ready for tissues. >> Tissues. >> It is so good. >> It's good, good, good. Uh Brett says, "I still say one of my favorite moments was when we for the first time fooled everyone when we went to Disney, well, Disney World and you guys were behind us." Yes. That was hilarious. >> That was funny. >> That was so funny. >> And we did it again where we were at Disneyland. >> Oh, yeah. >> That we started in Galaxy's Edge. We told everybody we were going to be at Hollywood Studios. >> Yep. Yep. I remember. >> Started in Galaxy's Edge. And then and then I think um we either had Britain, Andrew, and Crystal or somebody. They walked by. >> Yeah. >> Or something and did it kind of like that same way again. I was like, "Wait, you guys are in Disneyland?" >> And they were like, "No, we're not. Wait, that must mean we're in Disneyland. >> We're in Disneyland." Oh my goodness. And Mara says, "The Jennaism book volume one will be released for Christmas." Somebody wants to make it and give me some copy. No, I'm just kidding. Mom says, "Josh, you are right. Believe." >> Believe is a verb. Okay, good. >> All right, I got to I'm way behind here. Here we go. >> Cool beans. Well, >> that's pretty. Where do you want to go? You want to start heading back? >> Yeah. I want to look at the pool real quick cuz I doubt there's anybody in it. >> Yeah, >> it is way too cold. >> It's just a straight up pool. >> Okay. Oh, actually, there is somebody laying by it. Okay. Oh, no. They're in the hot tub. >> Hot tub. >> Yep. >> The tub is hot. I'm in Florida. I'm getting in the water somewhere. I I I understand that. >> Yeah, agreed. Oh, okay. This is a nice resort though. It's huge. >> It's just chill. Yeah, >> it is very big. Well, this is a what Disney Institute used to be. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's right. I forgot all about that. >> Yeah, the Disney Institute was here cuz it used to be Disney Institute was the the big main buildings around Sarto where they have like the preview center and all those things and they have they even have performance spaces and stuff in there and that was there. >> That is a huge bird. Oh, sorry. This one right here. He caught my eye. I was like, who is that up in the Who is that? >> Who is it? His name is Semo, >> right? >> Yeah. >> It's not I thought it was an eagle at first. It is not. >> Not an eagle, >> but it is big. Whatever it is, >> but um when you said, "Who is that?" I was like, "Well, I'll just give my name Seymour." >> Semour Seymour the bird. >> I lost it. What was I talking about? >> Sorry. >> Oh. >> Oh. So they had the the Disney Springs or the the Disney Institute like buildings there and then they had um the treehouse villas and that was all that was there for a while and then they built some of these earlier buildings here. I think they've changed quite a bit and being refurbished, but that then that you could stay here and do all that. And it was like if you look at the Disney um resort TV from the '9s, it was like oh you could learn to cook and you could be a videographer and you could be all things. You could be a painter and you could go to basically you go on vacation and you go to classes. Yeah, that's true. >> Which I get it. >> Yeah. >> But I think uh >> in practice it sounds like a cool concept, but I would imagine it probably didn't have the most uptake cuz most people just want to chill. >> They want to chill on vacation when they're on vacation. >> Yeah. >> Uh my favorite memory was when Josh said on the mail stream, "We have mail from our dogs." I remember. >> That was pretty funny. >> That was funny. Hi, Jilly. >> I said, "Oh, yeah. We're just opening." Or I said, "Hi, so and so. Yeah, we're just opening mail from our dogs." >> I know. The funniest part was you had no clue you said it. >> I was like, you were like laughing. I was like, "What? What? But I don't understand why why was funny. >> It was funny. My favorite memory is finding the channel. I didn't know that you two were brother and sister, but I subscribe because Resort TV1 was that good. Yeah, we are brother and sister. This is true stories. Yep, yep, yep. Thank you. Yeah. Brit said it's been so hot out there. He said yesterday they had 102 degrees. >> Oh my gosh. Isn't >> that insane? In March and here we are. >> We're cold. >> Kind of chilly. >> Yeah. >> For March. This is cold for us. Dad's take on the seven dwarfs. Yes, that is a good one. That is a good one. Very, very cool. >> That band is going to town over there. >> Yeah, they are. They were really good. >> Dining at Disney. Hello. >> See my update video I posted for my stream. The pink is gone. >> Yes, no more pink. >> We still don't really know if it's done. The turrets. There's some turrets that are darker and some that are lighter. >> I hope they keep them dark. I like the dark. But I guess that wouldn't be original then. >> No, that's what they're doing that they started to paint them darker. >> The lighter ones are the ones that haven't been painted yet. So, they definitely are painting them darker. >> Okay, cool. >> But they're just not um done. But somebody was trying was saying, and I I kind of agree that they might put another coat of gray on because that's not the final color. >> The pink is definitely gone, but that that gray was a primer. >> Gotcha. >> Cuz gray is a light color. And are they is it still >> Uh-huh. It's still down the bridge even further. >> Oh gosh. Like why aren't they loading this boat? >> Well, we have a choice to make. >> Yes, >> we can either go we I mean we're here. We can walk around here more. We can go Key West. >> We can take one of the other boats to Key West. >> We could also uh we can also just walk down and take a bus. >> Yeah. >> I mean, we haven't been to Westside. We could just hang out at Springs. >> Yeah, that's fine, too. >> Well, why don't we walk around here a little more and then walk around Springs? >> Okay. Or is there nowhere to walk around here anymore? >> I don't know the place very well. So, I mean, I look at the map here. >> I mean, we're Yeah, we're like >> We were going to go to the port. >> We're like here. There's not as much. >> Okay. >> Um >> Oh, okay. They're loading now. Let's see how many it takes. >> I thought it would have There's been several boats come by. I thought it would have like >> really put a dent in there, but no. It's like >> crazy. >> You can't tell me there's no boat going on there. Anyway, that's all right. We can just chill. It's spring break, but holy moly, you two are genuine and sincere. It's why I watch and will continue to do so. A thank you, Easter Craig or with a C. >> Thank you. >> Yeah, thank you. Hello, Disney fanatic or Disney family, I'm sorry. >> Yeah. >> Maria Hall says, "Are you thinking that you don't fancy a leaning boat?" >> Yeah. >> A Gian Gian PH I can't talk tonight. Gian Pierro, thank you so much. I don't know what's wrong with our internet at home. >> Huh? >> Been watching for seven years. Love watching YouTube. Keep up the good work. Thank you so much. Glad you're back, too, Wayne. >> Been watching from the beginning. Thank you so so much. >> Well, yeah, we've got a lot more of Disney Springs to explore. >> Let's go down to the west side, I guess. >> I don't think you can get there that way, can you? >> No, I don't think so. >> I'm going to look at a map. >> That would be cool. >> That would be cool. Well, you have to go through security. I think that's why you can't. >> Well, there is a security over. >> Oh, good point. >> You probably can. Does anybody know? >> Oh, hi, David. How's it going? I didn't see you there. >> Hi, Amy. >> Let's see. Okay, >> Disney fanatic is here. Hello. >> So, here's Turf Club Lounge. >> Me too, Jacob. So excited for that. >> Oh, yeah. You can. >> Oh, Kronos Craig. Okay, no worries. >> Although it does look like quite the rock. Yeah. So, wait. What is this? This says a road. >> No, that's a foot path. >> So, there is a there is a bridge. >> Hey, DJ. Hi, Ryan. >> Miss Disney fan. David says, "I've been with you since the beginning of this week." >> Hey, get your ears on. Thank you so much. >> Everybody get your ears on. >> So, yes, you absolutely. Let's just do it. We Yes, you absolutely can. >> Okay. So, all you have to do >> Thanks, Mia. She said she loved when Josh did the MK ride challenge and also loved all the shopping around Epcot Country series. Thank you so much. Hi, Josha family. >> Yep, you can. You can literally >> All right. I've never done this either. Let's do this. >> Bridge right there. >> Cool. >> Over troubled water. >> Not troubled. >> No, hopefully not troubled. It's pretty, right? >> So, maybe no Port Orleans tonight, but you know what? It's all good. >> Luckily, we didn't put that in the thumbnail, so we don't have to change it. Santana family. Hello. Quick question. Was Pleasure Island already there when you guys first started? >> Uh oh. Pleasure Islands. It was Well, yeah. No. >> Oh, was it already gone? >> Or was it already gone? I bet that that's what they meant. >> It was starting. It was pretty much gone. >> Yeah, because Disney Springs was here before I moved here >> and Morimoto was kind of one of the last straws of that cuz they changed mannequins into Morimoto. >> It was gone. Gone. Cuz I remember by the time we got here, Disney Springs was a thing, wasn't it? >> Yes. Uh Disney Springs. >> When did Disney Springs officially >> right before Liam was born? >> Okay. So, yeah, definitely. We didn't start streaming until 2017. >> Yeah. >> So, yeah, for sure. >> Now, Pleasure Island was a thing when I when I moved here. >> In fact, Spectro Magic was a thing when I moved here. >> Oh my goodness. I'm so sorry. For two years, I know it's crazy that you lived here during Spectro Magic and I didn't. >> And I definitely watched it a few times. I just didn't, you know, >> I didn't I didn't know, you know, that it was like a big deal. I was like, I expect your magic. Cool. >> Yeah. Cuz we don't, you know, we grew up with it. >> I enjoyed it, but I didn't like, >> you know, make a big deal about it. >> Right. Right. Exactly. Cuz you didn't think it was going to be going away. >> The two things I don't have good videos of and really are upset about is uh and really am upset about is wishes and spectro. >> Yeah. Wishes. Oh, yeah. >> I could have done wishes and I just didn't. >> True. Cuz that ended right before we started streaming. It ended, believe it or not, it ended the night before I had my first major Magic Kingdom. I did it on Hot Blade Raptor's first night. >> Thousand likes already. Thanks everybody. All right, I'm going to hand this to you so I can put a hat on, but I can take it back here in a minute. It is cold enough that you need a jacket tonight. >> Yeah, definitely miss Spectro Magic. Yes, congrats on 9 years live streaming. Thank you. Yeah, Spectro was amazing. Yes, it was. >> So good. >> Remember doing Springs in 97 and it was nothing like it is now. Yeah, it was Downtown Disney back in the day. >> Yes, it was. >> Just like uh butterflies, not what they used to be. I rode I rode jungle cruise the other day. >> I wanted to follow on you for a second. >> Butterflies are not what they used to be. >> Caterpillars. >> Like what does that have to do with this Easter caterpillar? >> Hey Josh and Jenna, good evening. Looks like a beautiful evening. Yes, it is indeed. >> Oh no, we are in 1080p. Okay, cool. I must have changed it back. I'm smarter than I thought I was. Good job, Josh. >> Thanks. >> Hey, look. We were here once. >> We were deja vu all over again. >> Yeah. >> I remember one time mom, dad, and I stayed here. I think it was when they were looking by a house. >> Yeah. >> And we sat here and there were otter playing in the water. >> Wow. >> Right down here. >> Uh, yes. Brit helicopter right there. Hard to see, but yeah, just just going over now. It's regular helicopter, not not military. Hey, Jilly. A lot of boats. Look. Okay, there's two coming right now. >> Yeah, they're they're trying. I think >> maybe they got held up at the resort. >> Every night was New Year's Eve. I kind of remember that, too. Yeah, I remember I actually when I was I think when I lived here. >> I went to the Yeah. And I went to the um I remember I went down there to watch that one time when I was uh living here when we like when we had moved here and I was like at Disney Springs hanging out one night. I was like cool let's go watch New Year's. >> Was it at midnight or was it like at 9:00? >> It was at midnight. No, actually like actually at midnight. >> It's funny noise. >> Yes. We got Disney Streamer Network. Hello. Congrats uh Resort TV going on nine years of bringing the magic to all of us around the world. Thank you. >> So pretty. >> Yeah. >> Is it good? >> Well, it's it's good. It's just I can't get a I can't get a fix on any icons >> with the sunset. That's all right. >> You need the balloon. >> Yep. You kind of do. Oh well. You guys can enjoy it on the streams. I list all the clubs I remember. That's for sure. Uh David, I saw that. That's cool. I remember those clubs, too. There was a country country ones in Umbradella, I guess. Yep. The uh there's a BET club as well for a while. >> Oh, yeah. Adventurous. >> There was a comedy club. Adventurous Club. Yep. >> I remember the first time I went, I thought it was so cool cuz you got to go on this movie >> moving floor. I never went in there and I'm so sad. >> Are you serious? >> I just never went in there. I had had never had a reason to. >> Dale and I went in one night >> in ' 98. My marching band led the Spectra Magic Parade. Very cool. When we were backstage getting ready, they told us not to reveal what we see to keep the magic. How fun. >> What was it? I'm sorry, I missed it. >> Uh Allison said, "In 98, my marching band led the Spectra Magic Parade." >> Oh, cool. I still have an old map from Disney Shopping Village. Yes. It used to be Shopping Village. >> Yes. We came here to Chef Mickey's back in the day. >> Yep. It used to be in the shopping village. Disney Village. >> Yes. Remember going with my parents to Cypress Gardens? Yes. Cypress Gardens. They still do the water ski show. >> Wait, where was that? Where's Cypress Gardens? >> Legoland. Cypress Gardens used to be Legoland. I was living down here when they changed it. Bush. No, Cypress Gardens is in Winter Haven. >> Okay. >> Which is close to Lakeland where I used to live. >> And um they have Legoland there now. And they actually still have the Cypress Gardens. >> No way. >> You can go to Lake and you get also to Cypress Gardens. They kept it >> okay >> as a historical landmark. >> I've never been to Legoland, by the way. >> It's worth it. It's really cool. They've got some dark rides and everything. Yeah. >> Okay. >> Age of Retro, congrats on 28 months of bronze. Congrats on 9 years. Cheers to the next nine. Thanks for improving our lives. Thanks, Age of Retro. Appreciate. >> Thank you. Thank you >> very much. Did Jenna remember the Phantom show they used to have at Mannequins? I don't know. >> Uh, no. I I just remember Dale and I went in once just to see the moving uh dance floor, and we just thought it was super fun. >> Yeah. But no, I don't remember that. >> After the boat dock, go up the hill and stay to your left. The bridge is hidden a little. Okay, thank you. Cypress Gardens is still a thing. Yes, but it's called Legoland now. And it's it's just different. So, but they did they did try and keep a lot of it intact. >> We went to Busushch Gardens though once when we were kids. I >> wonder if that's a grand villa there. It looks like it. >> Yeah. >> Uh I don't think we ever went to Cypress Gardens. >> No. No. Bush Gardens. >> Bush Gardens. Yes. Yes. Busush Gardens. Yeah. The other garden. Okay, let's see. Let's >> go to the little gazebo. >> Yeah, let's do it. >> Do we have to go that way to go this way? >> I believe so. >> I don't know. I saw a bridge on the map. >> This is so pretty. Yeah. >> Watch the boats go by. >> Just sent you a YouTube video of the Okay, cool. David, thank you. All right. Yeah, it's Legoland, but the gardens are still there. Yep. We saw it the other day or the other day, like last year or two, whenever it was. >> The other day. >> Yeah. But they have these awesome amazing like um banyan trees. It's one of the big bangan trees with a uh it's like it's like uh it's the giant branches and then it's got like um it looks kind of like the Robinson tree where it's actually but it's real. It's got the u supports that come down out of the branches. >> Oh, >> let me see if I can find a picture of it cuz now I now I've got a here. Hold on. Cypress Gardens huge tree. That'll that'll bring it up. What the Where's that coming from? there. >> Oh, wow. That is crazy. >> And that's just part of it. >> That is crazy. >> The famous banyan tree. >> That's super cool. >> You get there and you have to walk quite a ways to get to it. >> Oh, really? >> It's very quiet. It's pretty far from the park. >> Okay. >> And you get there and you're like, "Wo!" Okay, that was worth it. >> That was worth walking. >> Yeah. I mean, look. I mean, you can kind of see in here like it's just very like elaborate. >> That's cool. Wow. >> Yeah. >> Got pathways going all around it. So, you should go sometime. All right, friends. Well, it looks like we need to go around this way cuz that's the only way we can go. >> Yeah. No, there's definitely a bridge. >> Okay. >> Unless Unless it was taken out, but I don't think it would have been. >> No, >> I don't think Yeah, >> I'm going to look on the map one more time just to make sure. Okay. Somebody said it's like by a hill something something. Oh, I see. Okay. Okay. No. >> Okay. Hold on. >> So that way. >> Uh let's see. Okay. So we Oh, we get to go through the um we get to go through Saratoga a little bit. So we're going to go this way and around. Okay. Yeah. So there's one bridge and then there's another one. >> Okay. >> There's two two bridges. You see >> this is much more calm than Disney Springs was. >> But my gosh, that wind. What in the world? >> I know what is happening. >> 64 feels like 59. So yeah, you wouldn't think that's cold, but it feels very cold. If it weren't windy, you're okay. >> I went to uh >> Oh, bird. You're a little too big for that branch. >> Yeah. I went, Dad says, I went to Cypress Gardens uh with my mom and dad back in 1972. >> Oh, wow. >> When I interviewed for teaching job in Pontagora. That's awesome, Dad. I bet they I bet they enjoyed that. Grandma and Grandpa. I bet they did a lot. So, okay. So, we are going up here by kind of the main downtown area of like the main resort area of Saratoga. How cool. There you go. Something different. Good evening, Jenna and Josh. Congrats on Nine years of awesome streaming. We were there at Disney World last year in March. I met you at the fireworks Magic Kingdom on Friday Night Live. Nice. >> Hey everyone. Hey, Michelle. >> Yeah, we can start our running practice here. >> All right. >> We got this. >> Okay, here we go. We're running. We're running. We're running. Look, there's a whole map and everything. We're running. >> But we could There's paths. >> There's definitely paths. >> This would be a nice area to run, actually. >> Yeah. Mom's doing great. She's in the chat right now. There's another helicopter. >> It must be like tours. >> Yeah, it could be. Isa just got a phone call from a college AI asking her what she wants to know about this school. Kind of creepy. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Okay. Sorry. >> See, we'll cross this bridge over here. Cross this bridge when we come to it. >> Yes, we will. >> Okay, I'm going to put my jacket on. >> Yeah, I wish I would have brought my other jacket. But I have my hat. That does help. I might have to buy me something. >> Yeah. >> Good evening. Good evening, everybody. Thanks for being here. This was not in the plans, but hey, it's kind of fun. >> Yeah. >> Never done this before. >> Me either. >> Good evening. Thanks for joining us for our 9y year streamversary celebration. We'll have to get a treat later to celebrate. Everybody have some cake or a cookie. either one. Uh, just you guys talking about jackets is making me start to sweat in the heat. Sorry, Brit, but I totally get that because normally we're flip-flopped. You guys have the jackets and we are sweating. >> So, this is weird. Wow, look at that. >> Yeah, it's very pretty. >> Beautiful blue and the pink pinks and oranges and >> good Florida sunset. >> Oh, pretty >> good view, too. >> All right, we found the bridge. Yes, there's going to be a big announcement for HHN on Saturday. Oh, >> fun. >> Cuz it's the 35th anniversary. So, they think they're going to bring Jack the Clown back. Oh, >> I'm excited. I can't wait. >> Don't get lost or this is going to turn into a 24-hour stream. That's funny. >> Um, all right. Now, where are Mr. Map guy? >> Uh, >> left. We're going to know. We can keep going straight. Actually, if we want to, it'll be more interesting. And then we'll turn left here in a better. >> All right. >> It is a gorgeous sunset, isn't it? >> Yeah. These are the DV >> Golf Drive. >> Yep. And these are the DVC preview centers. >> Oh, nice. Uh oh my goodness. Tiger Gal. Tiger Gal sent a $50 super chat. says, "Hi Josh and Jenna. Congrats on nine years. Have been watching the streams. Just have been quiet going through some stuff. Your mom, dad, and you both and the whole family have been in my prayers. Hope your mom is doing better. Get a sweet treat on me from Tiger Gal. Here, I'll selfie Josh. Thank you so much, Tigger Gal. That is so very kind of you. So sorry you're going through some things, but um thank you for the prayers. That's very sweet. >> Thank you. Thank you, Tiger Gal." And we have a another very very generous >> Thank you, Jerry. >> Um, from Lisa. >> Okay. >> Um, >> behind you. >> Okay. >> Lisa O. What is in here? >> Uh, I think it's the DVC. It >> is the DVC. Okay. >> Yeah. So, Lisa O sent $90. >> Lisa Lisa O sent a $90 >> PayPal. $90 for 9 years. Thanks for all you do. Uh, anonymous. Oh, sorry. >> Oops. Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you so much. >> Very, very kind. We can selfie me if you want. >> Thank you so much. >> Thank you. Thank you. Wow. Very sweet. >> Really appreciate that. Anonymous. >> Yes, we do. >> Thank you. >> Cheryl sent $4.99. Congrats from Ron and Cheryl. Love what you do. Thank you, Ron and Cheryl. Thank you. Thank you. >> Yeah, me too, Michelle. >> Uh, we started about 6 p.m. Okay. Oh, I guess we could go in the in the lobby. It's right up here, isn't it? >> Uh somewhere up here. >> I think it's that way. >> Let me find the Let me look and see here. Uh >> I'm pretty sure. >> Yeah, it is. Yeah. So, um actually, yeah. Up here. When we get past that area, you can actually very easily um you can go through the uh >> we can what? I didn't hear you. You can find the bridge there pretty easily. >> Okay. Nice. >> A Thank you, Dan. I'm so glad you liked it. >> Wow. >> So many helicopters. It's >> pretty low. >> Yeah. >> This is cool, too. The buildings and stuff. Check that out. But it's like very uh it's very uh >> quaint. >> Yes. >> Like you're in a town. >> I mean Saratoga. >> Yep. Not Sarah. Not Sarasota. >> Nope. Whole different soda. Whole different whole different Sarah. It's a different Sarah. >> Go to the pool and turn left. Okay. Hi, Linda. Thank you so much. Sunset looks awesome. Thank you so much. Umbrella. There's the bus stop. I was going to say we could get on the bus, but that won't take us to Quarterly. Congrats on nine years. Oh, thank you very much, Lisa. Thank you, Aaron. I'm glad you enjoy the cruise vlogs. Wait, who wait? Who's trying to find us? Brad, I missed it. Hey, Micro Adventures. Thank you, Dave. Oh, that's awesome, Tony. Going to be staying here in December. It's a nice hotel. I've stayed here once. Have you ever stayed here? >> Um >> I don't think you were with us that time. It was when mom and dad came. You lived here. Yeah. >> And they came to look for their house. >> No, I haven't. I haven't stayed here. >> Yeah. I didn't think so. >> It was so long ago. It was when Chloe and Murray were puppies. We actually brought them with us and they stayed at the Best Friends. >> Oh, really? >> Before it was the big one. Or was No, it was the big one. I'm trying to remember. No, no, it was at each of the parks. Uh, Teresa sent a $1.99 super chat. Thank you so much, Teresa. >> Thank you, Teresa. >> I don't see a message, but thanks Teresa. This way. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Unless you want to um >> Yeah, I think it's here. They said left of the pool. >> Yeah. No, I was saying unless you want to go to the main Oh, >> building, but I think it is right here anyway. >> This is it. Yeah. >> What is this? Oh, that's the performance hall place. >> Oh, the pool's cool. >> It's a cool pool. No, >> there's hardly anything I can see. >> No, it's so cold. >> Show it. I'm sure it's heated, but still. Yeah. Very pretty. >> Nice. A Carol, you're so sweet. All right. Weekend. Don't get us the weekend. He's going to get us. >> Hi, Nanny. >> Sometimes he gets people inside the haunted house. >> Yeah, he he sure did. There is a rumor that this year they're going to have a Lady Gaga house. >> Oh, how fun. >> Yeah, I think that would be fun. Uh Stacy uh sent $9.99. Cheers to 9 years. Hope to run into you guys when I come in December. Thank you so much, Stacy. We would love that. Definitely come say hello. Thank you so much, Stacy. >> Oh, that's right. This is where Brit and everybody stayed the last time they were here. West Coast crew. >> Oh, this is cool. The winter circle here. >> Yeah, this is cool. >> Walmart $7. Oh my god, I know. Best deal ever. Blair says, "Hey J&amp;J, if you're going to Port Orleans, is Yeha Bob performing tonight?" I bet he'd get a kick out of celebrating his his anniversary. Celebrating the anniversary or >> This is where David sent me videos from Issa and her group performing at all. Yeah, >> we Well, we had thought about seeing Yeha Bob, but I don't know if we're going to get over there tonight. Sorry, guys. >> We were going We were really going to, but I don't know if we're going to make it. Um, do you want to go inside the lobby here? >> Yeah, of course. >> Let's go. >> They also have food corn and >> a shop. Oh, I could look for my ears. I doubt they have them, but man, the cold air is getting >> turn and then um just keep an eye on if I need to change. >> Okie do. >> Carriage house. That's what it's called. >> Nice. It's a cool lobby. >> Yeah. >> Kind of fun that on the 9th anniversary we were in some place that never streamed before. >> Good point. >> It's okay. >> Hi. They have the clear. >> So cool, isn't it? >> Oh, they're from They're from the different movies. >> Different movies. Yeah. >> Yeah. Tangled. >> Yeah. >> I love that. There's more paintings and things over here. >> Mhm. >> What? Deline went to Deline University. >> Oh yeah. >> Just recently. Uh look up at the look up at the little >> I know. It's very pretty. >> It's really tall. >> Very >> uh Denise, let's see. Denise H sent a $50 super chat. says, "So grateful for the community you have created and for having the honor to have been a part of it for seven of the nine years. Happy anniversary." A Denise, thank you so much. I will selfie Josh. Thank you, Denise. We're so glad you've been a part for seven years. We really appreciate that. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. Thank you. This is Saratoga. Saratoga Springs. >> The guy in the top hat. Is that fun? Oh, that is fun. >> I love that. >> And the bowler hat. >> Bowler hat guy. >> Tears for another day. >> What ship is this? >> The wish. >> I don't see any destiny or treasure anywhere. >> Yeah, maybe it's too new. >> Maybe. Hi, classy Disney mom. At least I This might be the first wish I've seen. Uh, we have 279 from CBA. Happy 9th anniversary. You all feel like family. Oh, thank you so much, Sebab. That's so sweet. We're so glad we are all one big happy resort TV1 family. All right, we're going in here. This is the quick service and they have merch. >> Yeah, you're right. It is all in one. They do have Saratoga specific merch which I love. This is so cute. >> So that's why >> Love the ears. I've never seen these before. >> Yeah. >> Saratoga ears. Love the horseshoe. And then you've got a bag to go with it. And the mug is really fun. Thank you, Kyle. More Saratoga things. Oh, that's cute. Very fun. Oo, they got jewelry. Fancy. >> Yeah. >> Disney Cruise Line stuff. Or not Cruise Line. Sorry, DVC. I got Cruise on the Brain apparently. That's fun. I'm not sure I've ever seen that shirt. >> It's nice and warm in here. Oh, here's some ears. Let's see. Uh, nope. They don't have them. >> No, I wouldn't think. A lot of the resorts, they're not as updated with the ears. Probably. >> You never know. Sometimes they're the ones that put them out the first. Yeah. >> You never know. Let's see if they have any yummy treats. >> Oh my goodness. Look at the cookie. >> Wow. >> Giant the artist palette, of course. And then the chocolate chunk. >> I don't know that I need that, but that's cool. >> Milk and cookie cupcake. Vanilla cupcake filled with edible cookie dough topped with sweet cream and freshly baked cookie. >> Bumper. Aw. Bullseye cupcake. Chocolate cupcake filled with peanut butter mousse topped with chocolate peanut butter buttercream. That sounds delicious. All right. I mean, that's pretty cool. This is neat. Well, last time I was here, I did a tour video of it, but that was years ago. >> Oh, wow. >> I was trying to do all the resorts as a tour. >> Yeah. Okay. I'm not I've been in here. It's just been years. >> Years and years. Don't this look yummy? >> Hello. Thank you so much. >> Oh, they Yeah, they do have a restaurant. Mhm. >> Where that is? I think there's something down. I think there's like a nice little hallway or something down here if I'm remembering correctly. >> Oh, cool. >> It's kind of So, this this part, this part of the building, this is this whole thing. Yeah, that's cool. This whole thing is older. You see it? You look up >> older and everything and stuff like that. >> This This is part of the original building here a while. >> Good point. I would buy more cupcakes if they didn't have so much icing. Yeah, >> I get that. >> This area down here reminds me of like this old school like 80s and 90s style. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Or like a golf club or something. Oh, here's the menu. Oh, so this is like the bar. >> Oh, okay. >> Oh, it smells good. It smells delicious. >> Where's that go? >> Okay. >> Okay. I think right over the bridge, actually. >> Well, that's cool. >> We're right where we need to be now. >> Oh, all right. Nice. >> Uh, so here's the the outdoor eating area. >> Yeah, I was just showing them. Very cool. >> Um, and it's really high here. >> Yeah, it is up the hill by the boat ramp. See, that's what I'm thinking. Right there. >> I give Turf Club 2.5 stars out of five. Oh, no, David. It was bad. >> Thank you, Jill. >> Yeah, look, the bridge is right there. Thanks, Alycats. All right, cool. >> Right there. >> All right, I'm going to watch my step. Watch your step. Step out to the left, please. When the car stops, step off to your left. >> That was Mr. Toad. >> Yeah, that is a good one. >> By the way, remember how I said Sony didn't got me? >> Yeah, they got you. >> They got me about an hour before the thing expired. >> Of course they did. Sony, Sony, Sony. >> Man, something smells yummy. >> I'd love to find the person in charge of that. >> Have a few words with me. >> Have a Have a words. >> Words. >> Words. Words. >> Well, cuz I was talking during the whole song. I didn't even play. I didn't even listen to the It said, "Let me go in before it gets copyrighted." But this is a great song. And it was a whole thing. >> Uhhuh. >> And there's a 4-hour live stream and I talked over it and you said, "Nope, you're taking it." And I'm like, "How is that's not even legal? >> How is that fair? It was not. It's not legal either. >> What are they, you know, what are we going to do? Sue them? >> Nope. >> The thing. So, they know. So, they can just break the law. It's totally fine. >> Whatever. All right. I'm over it. >> Step onto the moving platform with caution. >> Yeah. >> Then step into the car. >> Yeah. This is where they um pick you up at the boat and drop you off for Saratoga. >> Oh, actually, I think that's the bridge right there. Is that it or is Hold on. >> I think so. Cuz I don't I don't see another one. >> This is not No, that's it. Okay. Yeah, he was right. It was hidden. >> Uh, Angela, congrats on 25 months of Resort Hopper bronze. Jenna, congrats on nine years. Today is Larry's two years with a new heart. Uh-oh, that's awesome. Hope he's doing well. Thank you, Angela, for being a member for 25 months. >> Oh, that's the golf pro shop. >> Oh, yeah. That is pro shop. Dale loves going in there. They have a lot of cool merch. Golf merch, of course. Disney golf merch. >> Yes, that is one of the original buildings. That was the That was the Lake Lake Lake Vista Golf Club original like >> Oh, wow. >> House building. I think I've seen it. It's been there for a while. >> So, on my food scale, a 2.5 is average. Like a C in class. Three is above average, four is excellent, and five is exceptional. Okay. So, it's average. I got you. Congrats on 20. Oh, yes. Aaron's saying, "Congrats on 25 months." >> It's just nice in the this area, this area down here where everything's pretty much new all the time because, you know, everything's being remodeled, remodeled, remodeled >> to find, you know, to find a little hidden gem like that. It's like, oh, that's definitely been here since like the early 80s. >> I do love that. Well, it's like when we went into the um the Living Seas for the wedding that we were just talking about. Um that was so 80s and I loved it. the living seas and I got to go back in there during um opening of Festival of the Arts for the media event. Same room and uh that's where they had us before we went out before the park opened. >> Nice. >> So, it was pretty cool. We got to listen to some of the Broadway >> stars. Oh, yeah. >> Oh, this is for golf carts. >> Yep. Oh, you could go this way, too. >> Mhm. >> No. Yeah, I said two. >> Oh, two. >> Two. Two >> two. Is that the way to the treehouse, Phyllis? >> Uh >> or no, the golf course. >> Golf course. >> Okay. >> All right. >> They uh also Steph, you know, when we went to McDonald's a couple times, he's like, "This is not like it used to be." No, >> there are no people there. Like there's no people at the cash registers anymore. >> You have to order on a screen. >> On a screen. And they don't have condiments or even napkins out where you can get to them. They have napkins. Sorry. But no condiments, >> nothing. >> That's crazy. It's a very sterile experience now. >> Oh no. >> Yeah. It's kind of sad. From what I read, they don't really want you eating in the restaurant. They just still have them. And so they're like, "Oh, I guess you know, you can if you want to, but >> yeah, it's very like >> they want to do drive-thru mostly." >> Well, and I feel like fast food is better when you do eat it at the place cuz it it's kind of yucky >> by time you get back. >> That's why I don't do door dash. It's so cold. Yeah. Mickey. It's a Mickey sand trap. >> It's hard to see. It's getting very dark. >> Yeah, we are. We are on the golf course. >> Uhhuh. >> It's there. Never played golf before. I should try. Yeah, you should. >> Damn loves it. I like mini golf. >> You got the weekend in your head. >> Yep. >> So, yeah, this is the water path that we would have gone on the boat if it wouldn't have been like >> so busy. >> 50 minutes. No, we don't know how long it was, but it seemed like it was going to be >> at least half an hour in the back of the line. Yeah, >> that's my guess. >> Actually, >> what does this path go all the way? Could we like walk over there? >> Hold on. Please hold. I think it does, actually. Please hold. >> Mhm. >> Let's see. Okay, this Let's see. >> Yes, Dale's happy place. That's right, Amy. Top Golf is a lot of fun. Yeah, I do love that. >> I think I did that. >> You absolutely can. You just go straight down this path. You end up here at the road. You go here and you're at Porter lanes. Yes, you absolutely 100% can walk there. >> Do you want to try it or not? >> We don't want to or not. >> Yeah, it's going to be dark. >> Uh oh. It kind of the uh >> Yeah. Thank you, Jay and Sarah. Glad you're liking something different. >> Uh >> Sasigula. That's right. >> It's weird. It's kind of like >> it would have been fun to go to Riverside, but yeah, if we have to get back, it might be a little difficult. >> Well, you have to take the bus. So, well, getting back wouldn't be a big deal. But see, this looks >> topstroke is fun, too. >> This definitely looks like not a path. >> No. Is that the way you have to go? >> Well, that's the way it thinks you should go. But then there's another way over here that actually is a way. >> That's actually a way. That's a golf cart path. >> Okay. Yeah, maybe we should. >> And then you go there. And >> probably be better in the daylight. >> Then you go there. >> We're going to be like, "Send help. We're lost." >> Some point. Yeah. No, we got it. There is a walking path to get here from Key West, too. >> Okay. I just remember Dale and I doing doing that one day. >> Oh, yeah. Here's the Key West path. Okay. Here's the Key West path. >> Okay. >> That actually isn't far from here. So, that is Key West path is that way. >> Oh, okay. Actually, I think there's signs that say Here, let's look at this sign where >> where you got to go to. Or maybe this is the golf sign. I don't know. We're going to find out. It is a sign. >> Oh, no. This is for the golf par five. >> Yeah. No, that's that's it. This is mostly just golf cart. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> But I mean, not that it's not that it matters because it's not Nobody's golfing right now, I think. >> Yeah. >> Um Okay. >> This So, >> we'll just have >> Is it possible? Yes. Is it a pain? Probably a little bit. >> Yeah, that's all good. >> Wow. Yeah. Let's just keep going. >> Yeah. >> I We're right here by design. Oh, duh. No, that wouldn't work. >> Well, you die. >> I was going to say we could have gone on the boat over there, but they don't take you to Port Orleans. They take you to Springs. >> Yeah, >> actually. Yes, cuz this boat goes from here in Key West. That's it. >> Yeah, >> there's two lines. >> Yep. >> We got We got uh Where did they come from? Jamaica. Sorry. Our internet people. Sorry, that was just like >> I have no idea what you're talking internet people. I was I got a couple of PayPals and I was I'm checking my email to see them >> the internet um our internet provider had sent an email saying there's a service interruption and then like an hour later they're like we're in route you know we're in route to the to the problem >> that was not kidding 3:00 this afternoon. I'm like where they come from Jamaica. Like how take them 5 hours to get forever and we're on the scene. I'm like did you come from a different state? Like >> something happened that's for sure. My goodness. >> Did you walk? Yeah, they probably did. >> No, I'm sure they're busy. Whatever. But it was just it was just funny. It's like 5 hours it took them to get over there. >> That is so funny. >> Maybe at some point we'll get the >> walkway to Disney Springs. There's our sign. >> Here's your sign. >> Not quite as straightforward as what you might think. It's not bad. >> No. >> Okay. So, we got some very generous uh super chats here or PayPal as Shannon sent $9. Happy nine years to Resort TV1. not able to be live as much as I'd like, but I'd watch the replay of every stream, picking up right where we left off like old friends. >> A >> a lot changes from 23 to almost 28 years old, but resort TV has remained a constant has been always been a constant. Thank you both endlessly. >> A thank you, Shannon. >> Thank you. >> So sweet. >> And then we have uh Blair. Blair sent $50. >> Wow. >> So kind from Blair and says Blair, >> Josh and Jenna, congratulations on nine years. You have added an extra dimension to our lives. Thank you, Carol, Ann, and Blair. >> Thank you so much, Carol, Ann, and Blair. That's so sweet. >> Appreciate you both. You want to see selfie me? >> Yes. >> Thank you. So, so sweet. >> Thank you. >> All right, I will probably hand it back to you. Give my arm a little rest. >> Oh, you can see how good the low light is on this thing. >> Yeah. >> I mean, it's, you know, we were over there in the dark and I'm sure it was doing really good. >> It was very dark. So, we >> also we've been streaming for over two hours and I am at 60%. >> That's amazing. >> Yeah. >> Are we going to go in? How are we going to get in here? >> Uh, just follow the path. >> No, I know. I was trying to figure out >> There's security, right? Security right by Circus Delay. >> Okay. >> Yeah, cuz think about it. When they have a they have a sign that tells you where to go, they got to lead you right up to security. >> Yeah, >> they have to. >> I was just trying to figure out >> and we're going to walk by where the where we used to watch the drones. There's a the drone viewing area was here. Like this the the the bigger area was here. >> You're a resident business customer. Always take priority. Yeah, but actually Brad, our our um our internet provider only serves residential. >> They're an only residential provider. It's a smaller company. That's probably why. That's a great battery. It really is. Is Spring's on fire again? Uh no. Sometimes uh >> was it on fire? Sometimes rainforest is on fire. >> On purpose. Yeah. >> We actually one time before they had security here. Yeah. >> This was years ago. >> We um came here and took pictures, Dale and I and Chloe. >> Mom and dad came and they took pictures of us >> in matching Disney shirts. >> Oh, that's fun. >> It was up here somewhere. >> Yeah. >> And they turned out really cute. They have no excuse. Yeah. Are they ever going to bring like a drone show? I don't I don't know. We I'd love for them to. >> Me, too. I wish I would bring one to like >> From what I understand or >> Oh, yeah. >> Animal Kingdom. >> From what I understand, it was fairly expensive to run. >> Yeah, but they do them in Disneyland Paris. >> They do. I know. Cuz they lose they lose drones like every night. >> Oh, >> they fall in the water. >> I think they got some of them back though. I'm not sure exactly anybody who knows more than that about more about that than I do. >> That's why they have to be overwater. >> Yeah. >> So they don't fall. They do fall and they don't fall on somebody, right? Uh, the evening you share brings home just how much I am in awe of the wonder of Walt Disney World. So much more than just parks. Yeah, we just did a whole lap around the around the around Lake Buista here. >> If you didn't know that, that is this is Lake Bu Vista. >> Yes, sure. >> There's not a really good signage for that, but it is. >> Yeah, that's right. >> The town is also called Lake Buista. >> True. Let's see. I'm trying to find the watching area. Was it here? No, it was. This is too steep. >> It's up by possibly. >> Oh, right there by Yeah, cuz >> you have to be inside security. >> That's right. >> Well, you could have walked in from here, but you can't I don't think this is This is not parking. This is like staff parking. >> Correct. Oh, no. You know what it was? They extended a security perimeter out here and they made you walk around >> during the drone show because this is technically outside security, but the drone the viewing area was outside here. It was right here on the grass. One of the areas. >> It was up here next to the house of wood. >> Yeah, it must have been. But it was also on the grass here somewhere. >> Yeah, in house. It's right here. That area right there. >> Right there. Okay. I knew it was bigger than that. >> Pretty sure it was that whole area. >> Oh, you're right. It is inside security. Okay. There's a giant fence here. That makes sense now. Okay. So, it was that area. >> Yeah, that's where we go in. >> All right, guys. cuz we got to pause it cuz I have no internet to do BRBs right now. So, we'll be back. So, we'll see you in a bit. >> This is a uh this is a uh just a pause. So, stay tuned. >> Welcome back. >> Whole area right here. >> Yeah, you're right. And again, look, it's better than what my eyes can see. >> Yeah, way better. >> Okay. Yeah, I used to park here. I remember that. And you walk in this way. Or is it over here? Is there another one? >> Yeah. No, it's actually on the other side. >> There is. But I used to park on this one, too, on the back side. And that was it. That's the only way in. >> Yeah. >> No, that that was the only security. That's it. the the cast member asked us if we were with the event and we were confused. But um >> there there's another one on this side, too. >> There is, but but that's the only way to get through from Saratoga on this side. >> Correct. >> Otherwise, you'd have to do a weird loop around the back of Circus LA, which you technically could do. >> Yeah, >> you'd just be walking through parking lots basically. >> Cool. We're back. >> Okay, we're back. And thank you for being patient again. My internet doesn't work. We have no BRB. So, um, but hey, at least >> your microphone. >> At least they're here. They're here. >> It's not busy down here either. >> Yeah, this is new, right? This LED screen around the thing here. Hold on. The hoppers can't see it. Let me go way darker real quick. There you go. Now you can see it. Cool. All right. >> Oh my goodness. When you need to stop. Yeah. Win. Chill out. Or don't chill out. >> Little black eyed peas there. >> That was a good rendition. >> You like that? I don't know. I don't know the words. So, are they doing something with this place? I guess they are. >> Yeah, it's like a level 99. It's kind of like a like that obstacle course. >> Oh, right, right, right. >> Bring back. >> Yeah, >> sure. >> Bring back Disney Quest. Just saying. I didn't tell him that. When they finally do that, I'll just be like, "I told you so. I told you this in 2017." >> I mean, kids love arcades, >> right? Well, not just kids. Every That's That's what I said. There isn't anything else that has the widespread appeal >> of not and it wasn't The good thing is they had it down to a science. It wasn't like hardcore gamer stuff. It was fun family stuff. >> Uh, I see my store. M&amp;M's. Yes. Mr. Awesome. >> Yeah. >> Karen just catching up. Had to get off for a second. I still remember when you guys were on the boat watching the fireworks, Jenna got that fly up her nose and you screamed. Oh, I I don't remember that. Did you Did you get a fly up your nose? >> I did. I was on one of the um firework cruises. Anyone that got maybe? >> Yeah. >> Ears one that lit up. >> That was weird. >> I I know that I see the uh the nose arm bug. >> That wasn't a nose. >> No, that was a different bug. >> I saw that at my house. Disney Springs model. >> Yeah, >> I just thought the other day I needed a Disney Springs. >> That is cool. >> Somebody said, "Aren't the '90s coming back in style?" Yes, they are. >> Yes, they are. And so% >> let's let's uh I guess get the obstacle course out of your system and then let's uh let's uh let's get Disney Quest back in there. >> You call it whatever you want. I don't care. But I think that would be like a >> Disney uh Quest 2.0. Hey, I'm not here to impress you, but I probably will anyway. >> Nice. >> Or orange. >> Yeah, I remember bongos. We went there and ate a couple times. They had really good uh they had a really good Cuban band that would play there. >> Okay. I just wanted to let you know that smells >> Oh, yeah. It smells like like hardcore chocolate. >> Peanut butter cinnamon roll. >> I don't know if that goes together. >> Lemon mering pie cherry chocolate cupcake. >> These are weird. >> Yeah, >> I've never heard of >> experimental. >> Yep. Prototype. >> We did get a um >> Yep. A very very uh generous PayPal from Martin. $50. Congrats on your 9-year milestone. Thank you Josh and Jenna for all the live streams over the years. It's been a long winter here in Minnesota. So I appreciate you now more than ever from Marty. >> Thank you so much Marty. That's so sweet. >> I hope things warm up in Minnesota. It's not warm here. So >> not probably warmer >> warm Well, for sure warmer than Minnesota, but thank you, Marty. >> Yeah, they might actually. Maybe by the time I get home, they'll they'll fix my internet. Now, I will say it might not be the internet provider's fault as much because a lot of road construction around my area and from what I understand, they've cut the cable a couple times doing the construction. >> Oh, walk up nine. Thank you. Yeah, thank you so much. The rainbow wall is so cool. Bit race. Yeah. Get any color you want. >> You see where it stops? >> Don't break the illusion. >> Don't do it. Don't break it. Don't break the illusion. Okay. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. >> My friends, anything that unfortunately goes into the garage does only go through the weight. So that mean we do not Where? Where? Okay. >> Yo, Jay, you know what they're doing? >> There's somebody behind me. >> These are cool. >> You can have your own dispenser. >> Oh, that is cool. >> The infamous fiber seeeking back. Yep. For sure. It's like a heat seeeking missile. >> The light blue and teal are so pretty. They are. Yeah, they are. >> Peanut butter contain peanuts. >> I mean, sure. >> Your fiber, right? Yeah. >> They usually do fix it pretty pretty quickly. Like, I say quickly, like within a day or so. There was one they said that took them a couple days to fix. One because it was like wherever it was buried, it was like under a bunch of concrete and they couldn't get to it. So that took him a while to get to. >> It's all good. >> Yes, we did that one time. Did >> you? >> You were with me. >> We had something printed on an Eminem. Yes. >> I forgot. >> I don't remember like all of it, but I remember >> I just remember doing it. >> Love it. Can't wait to smell that shop in person. Yes, it is very, very cool. >> I think they pulled the smell in >> probably. >> Although there's enough chocolate in here, I think it may just have its own smell. >> Got it. Yep. It's silly. >> Eminem's favorite candy. Yeah. Eminem the rapper. Yep. >> Oh yeah. >> It worked cuz if you guys most people probably knew but his name was his name is not was his name is Marshall Mathers. >> So Eminem. >> It's not even a stretch. It's just like his name. It's just like his initials. >> No, no, no. That's that's the cool part. Sweet emotion. >> We found the Aerosmith. No. Well, they paint it like a bunch of different colors. Kind of like >> Oh, cool. >> If he's standing your head, it's a WW store. >> Tom. Fair enough. I see. Mabel. >> My husband and I saw School of Rock at that theater. That's cool. Steph and I went up to uh we saw Twilight there. >> Uh we saw one of the Twilight movies there. >> Yeah. >> And Lizard. Lizard. Lizard. That's right. Lizard. Lizard. Lizard. Lizard. Lizard. >> Still busy even though it's cold. And if you're wondering if you're wondering if we're telling the truth, you can look at all the bundled up people and that will tell you. People see it though on the stream. They'll be like they'll they'll ask me even if they can't see us. They'll be like, "Wait, everybody's really bundled up. It must be cold." >> Yeah. So, this used to be Bongo's here, the the summer house. Um, and that opened a few years ago. >> Do they have not had that? They're good. >> Normal cookies. >> You know, they're big, but they're not like thick like >> Yeah. >> That's good. Happy 9 years. Thank you. See you at midnight. There's the sunglass hut. That's not a hut. It's like Pizza the Hut is not a hut. Definitely not. >> Yeah. >> I mean, technically Pizza the Hut used to be a hut. >> All right. There's one. >> Surprise. Surprised cuz Christmas was beautiful this year. Yeah. Normally it looks like now. >> I love the lizard meme. Me too. >> Oh, that looks so yummy. >> Oh, that's how they make them. >> Yeah. >> Oh, sad. Yeah. >> Man down. >> These are good. I have had these. That's chocolate, I think. >> Wow. >> Impressive. >> Okay. >> Now, job of the hut is also not a hut. >> Spider-Man like >> the Spider-Man building. The Daily Bugle. >> Isn't that cool? >> Yeah, that is cool. right next to Marvel >> assembly. I got one of these in uh Downtown Disney, too. >> At at Disney at Disneyland, >> it's a little bigger actually than this. >> I'm sure. Well, they have Avengers Campus. >> Oh, yeah. Incredibles 3. That's right. In 2028. Yeah. And uh yesterday was Josh Dearl's first day as CEO. We talked about that already. >> It's a Spider-Man car. >> Spider bots. >> There's the little spiderbots. Yeah, >> it's a fun ride. >> Yes. >> I wish we could have Avengers here. >> Yes. >> I guess we have >> Oh, wow. Look at this mask. >> Oh, wow. $250. What does it do? whatever that says. >> Eight manual eye movements. >> Oh, >> automatic mode. >> So, I don't know. Oh, it actually does move the eyes around. >> Okay. >> All right. Well, there you go. >> Wow. >> Just in case you needed that. >> Spider-Man. >> So, weird to see. You can get Spider-Man merch at both uh Universal and Disney. >> Yeah. Well, well, if you buy it, you can wear it at both parks. >> Do what? >> If you buy it. That's true. That's the one thing if you were doing a double a double park day, just wear some Spider-Man stuff. You got it. You're covered. >> Exactly. >> You're good to go. >> Star Wars. >> Oh, look at this Ewok. >> I love that so much. >> Yep. Yep. Sony owns the film right Sony terrible terrible people. >> But 1977 >> nice. >> Yeah, >> that's fun. Look at all the masks here. Wow. Thank you, Mangle. Congrats, TV1. >> Spent six days being snowed in. The plow service just got here. Oh my goodness, Terry. That's That's crazy. >> Where you at? >> What are you looking for? >> 6.99. >> The Mando? Yeah. >> How much? 36. >> $36.99. >> That's a pretty nice mask for $36. >> There's more over here. Oh, look at this Crocs. >> R2-D2 Crocs. >> R2 Croc 2. >> There's another Ewoks. The same size with the spear. Oh, that's cool. >> But it goes for a couple grand. >> Okay. Yeah, I can see that. Wow. >> Yeah, >> sure do. Oh, wow. I love the C3PO over here. That's fun. Excuse me. If >> you guys grow up in Florida. No, we grew up in Indiana. >> When Disney got Marvel, there was a condition. If Universal's using a character at their park, Disney cannot use it. Avengers campus cannot have an Yep. Yep. That is true. >> That is very true. >> Yeah. Clone Commander Jesse. The >> Darth Vader helmet is really nice. >> Kylo Ren's dad. >> Yeah. >> Nope. >> Just kidding. >> Luke's dad. >> Dad. >> You're going to get some people mad. >> Really mad people. >> You think they were mad about boat? >> I know, right? >> You better not mess up Star Wars. Sorry. I was cute. >> I know. >> I was going to say, but you you know, if we didn't say something, I'll get an email from somebody. >> It's fine. >> I haven't gotten any I haven't gotten any emails trying to tell me stuff for a while, though. That's good. >> For a while there, I was getting a bunch of like emails of people trying to tell me stuff. >> Oh my word. >> I can't I can't I just have to keep going. Stay right here. >> Go this way. >> Evacuate. >> Evacuate. >> Oh, wow. Look at this. >> What? >> Star Speeder. >> $3. $150. Oh, here's a lot. >> Oh, James, that's awesome that you've been to Indiana. Yeah, there's barn across the street. It's a pretty common thing. Binders. >> Loft cap. >> He must do stuff. >> Pretty realistic. Loft cap. Yeah, >> your fa your face is distorted. >> It's like a circus or whatever. >> Oh, it's the remote. >> Wait. >> Oh, I said it right earlier. The Star Wars chest is Djar. >> Yeah, I did it. I I did it correctly. This is so cool. It looks >> Look inside. Yeah. Here. Hold on. >> Yeah, you I'm going to turn on my light screen. Okay, that is amazing. >> All the way up. Do they have the yellow tab? Please have the yellow tab. >> I don't see any seat belts. >> Wow. Wait, but it's R2D. Oh my gosh, Jenna, look. >> The C3PO's not in there, but look at look at the the little screen and everything. >> Oh, that's cool. >> It's very cool. Okay, let me turn that off. >> That is amazing. I wouldn't have seen that. >> Yeah. Wow. I'm a pretty big fan of that. I'd never seen that. You're nice to have at home. Yeah, they were very cool. I >> I uh definitely approve of that. >> Okay. Well, that was that was busy. >> Starbucks. >> Hi, Ticker Tail John. He always says he just resurfaced. I was wondering if you were underwater. >> Tickle tail John. He said I just resurfaced. >> I just wondered if he was underwater. He's an >> He's an I was just kidding. John, >> Jenna, you play Dream Life Valley. You do, right? >> I used to. I haven't played it in a long time, but yes, I have played. It's a lot of fun. >> Yeah. >> Okay, so we're streaming for two and a half hours. I'm at 52%. >> Wow, that's awesome. >> Uh wherever this >> Skyway Thanks, P Coco. Have you guys tried Crazy Shake yet? No, I have not. >> No, I don't think they have vegan options. >> Oh, >> non-dairy. >> Thanks, Mr. Master. >> All right, I'm up for whatever. Oh, >> you guys. >> Thank you. >> You, my my wife and I would follow you all the time. >> You guys are doing God's works. Thank you. >> A Thank you. >> My name is Scott. Yeah. Can I get a picture of you guys? >> Sure. >> Thank you. Sorry. >> Oh, you're good. I know you're live streaming. >> All good. >> Take good time. >> How you guys doing? >> Good. >> A little cooler, right? >> Yeah, a little cooler for March for sure. >> I'm so sorry. We lost our time. Yeah, you guys are awesome. We love everything you guys do. >> Uh we follow everything. So, keep up the good work. Thank you. >> Oh, it's our pleasure. Where you from? >> Uh we're from Syracuse, New York. >> Okay. My nephew just moved down here to Orlando about a year ago. So nice. >> We're hanging. We're going to go to Mega Con tomorrow. >> Yeah, same. >> Are you going? >> I might see you there. Probably not, though, cuz it's so big, right? But I'll be there. I've never been there. So, I'm I'm excited. >> Yeah. Good for you. Yeah. So, >> thank you so much for taking the time. >> Oh, for sure. You guys enjoy. >> Mom and dad. We will. here. >> This song sounds like a background to uh like >> I don't remember like a like a commercial or something. >> Okay. >> Yeah, they're like jamming and I love it. >> Yeah, they are. >> And then they stopped right after I said that they were jamming. Oh, no. He didn't stop. He's got a looper going. >> Yes, >> that's fun. Thanks, Deandra. Come alive. We got many deep take a shot. see what he has to say. >> I love it. >> You and I both know everything must go away. What do you say? My heart. >> Yeah, let's go in the Coke shop. Brit was excited about that. Me, too. >> All right, let's go. >> I need a new I need a new Coke shirt. >> You can even go up top. >> Do what? >> Go up if you want. >> Yes, that'd be good. >> Copyrighted up there. >> Uh, all of it's copyrighted. >> I got to send I got Brett a Coca-Cola lanyard that he wanted. I keep forgetting to send it. >> Oh, cool. >> I will send it to you. >> Yeah, Brett and I like our Coca-Cola. That's a cool band. I like it. They got a different sound. It's not the standard, >> you know? It's very like kind of very modern like hard edge kind of rock. Oh, wow. Vintage Coke. >> This is fun. >> Welcome to the hotel CocaCola. That immediately popped in my head. >> I'm sure they can't use that without talking to the Eagles, but you know, >> it's fun. >> That's a jam. I don't know. I can still hear it. It's still like this. Yes. Can't wait for the lanyard. It's going Oh. Oh. Brett says, "Can't wait for the lanyard. It's going on the key for the 1949 Coca-Cola vending machine." >> Yeah, that's right. I just got to keep I keep forgetting, but I will get it out. You can put your Coca-Cola in a coffee mug. >> Why not? >> That's cool. Look at this. Oh, socks >> in a vending machine. >> Oh, that's cool. >> I miss vending machines that were like that. >> I mean, I guess there kind of still are some, but >> that's cool, too. >> They've got a lot of great merch. >> The mayor's got a coat. >> I don't know who the band is, guys. >> Sony on the rest of hotel cocoa. They might Two things you love. >> I must go look at that. >> That's pretty darn cool. >> Oh, that's the front and the back. Okay, I get it. I get it. I get it. It's one of those kind of shirts. That's cool, though. >> Or you just got your classic one back there. Yeah. >> Well, my my regular Coke classic shirt needs a needs a needs replacing. So, I tasted the world of Coke in Orlando. >> You been to the one? >> I spent so much of that time every every store every time. Yeah, Brett. I like the one with the 60s glass Coke. That is cool. Um, yes, I've been to the one in Atlanta. We didn't do the tour though. We should have, but we were there too late or something. I can't remember why we didn't. So much great stuff. >> Yeah. >> Oh, that is cool. >> I love Oh. Oh, okay. That makes sense. It's a Red Hot Chili Pepper song. >> The song that was out there. That That Oh, ouch. It's ran right into the rack with the phone. A brand new phone. That was a gimbal. Anyway, that does sound very chili peppers. >> Oh, there you go, Brit. That's cool. It's got the 5 cents on it. >> It's very vintage. >> This is a nice embroidered sweatshirt over here. It totally is. >> Little cheaper than the Disney embroidery. $49.95. >> And that's very like understated. >> I like it. >> Look, I shopped. >> I only buy things. >> That's old school. >> You can also get a cup of cool. >> Yeah. >> The only thing is with this is you have to like get a certain distance. You got to get close enough that it switches or or stay back far enough that it doesn't switch. You get used to it. >> All right. >> Take me away. >> Yeah, I definitely have to get a Walt Disney World Coke shirt at some point. >> Well, you want to move on or you want to go upstairs? >> I don't care. I kind of like the blue one, not going to lie. >> I got the blue one. >> They also have a red one. >> Oh. >> Oh, yeah. Look at the back side of it. >> Are they all the same? Oh, it just says what? I think I like the other one better. >> You do get a 10% discount here with a pass. >> All right, I'll think about it. Oh, there you go. That's cool. Have >> fun. Maybe even get a hat to match. >> Wow, all the hats. >> I just have to put on the Wi-Fi if we do that. >> Perfect charming. It's like 60s and 70s. >> Take a picture of me. fixed it. >> All right, I'm going to get that. I need a new Coke shirt. I'll be back cuz if I'll be mad if they don't have Although the Cherry Coke shirt is cool. >> Pretty cool. Show that real quick. But it's cherry. >> That is cool. >> You don't Yeah, you don't see a Cherry Coke shirt. >> No, you're right. Outrageous. >> I enjoy I enjoy Cherry Coke. That's very old school logo. Look, it even has it on the tag. Oh, that's cool. >> That's just fun, I think. >> That's awesome. >> I mean, don't you want a Fanta snuggly? >> Of course I do. Why wouldn't I? >> These are fun, too. Very vintage. >> This might be more your style. >> Cherry. That is cute. If it were vanilla, I would totally buy it. >> Might have one. >> I'm a vanilla coat girl. >> This is cool, too. >> I know. I like this one and this one. It's It's probably weird that I I should spend more time in here because I I do enjoy it. >> I know you love Coke, but you don't come in here very often. >> I will be. >> Okay. I will be here somewhere. >> They have Coca-Cola jewelry in case you guys wanted some Coca-Cola jewelry. >> I don't know if Josh likes vanilla Coke. That's a great question. They have Lip Smacker Coca-Cola. They have vehicles. Look at this. >> You love vanilla Coke. It's my fave. >> I also like vanilla lattes. Vanilla cupcakes. I just like vanilla. I also have a vanilla spray, like body spray. It's fine. This is cool. I do like Sprite. I am a big Sprite girl. Oh, what is this collectible resin art figure? >> Fanta. Fanta. >> All right. Somebody was asking about Diet Coke. They have a whole Diet Coke section over here. Let's go see it. We kind of looked a little bit, but it is right here. Diet Coke Social Club. It's fun. Nothing like a Diet Coke. Nothing. There's nothing a Diet Coke can't fix. I have a Starbucks shirt like that. Is that all the Diet Coke stuff? Oh, here's some more. Diet Coke moment. Diet Coke girly. But maybe not. >> Crop tops. Look at the ear muffs. Those are so cute. And >> they have jammies. I think you need to do a Coca-Cola store tour at some point where you go through all the merch. Ah, I could totally do that, Brit. Yeah, I've never done that. I mean, there's a couple floors of merch, so it would be a fun one. Cardboard box. You guys should go up to the observation deck. Yeah, it's cool up there. I haven't been up there in a while. >> I did see the new Starbucks merch, and I was so excited. You mean for like in the Starbucks stores, right? Not at Disney. And I was looking for the bearista, the little bear keychain. And guess what? I found it yesterday at Universal CityWalks Starbucks. They just put them back out and I got one. And I was so excited. She said she uh didn't even know they had put them out cuz they were sold out. And I was like, "Yeah, I was excited. It is very crowded. Very, very crowded." Hi, Kevin. A You're so welcome. The polar bear slippers were cute, weren't they? Let's go see what's back here. They have a pins. Coca-Cola bears. I don't know which one Josh is getting. We're going to find out. All right. Sorry if I missed your comment, everybody. >> No, there's sweatshirts. Wait, what? Where's Where is this the clothes for the Starbucks? I have not seen any of that. Well, they have a co polar bear keychain. You've been to the one in Atlanta? That's cool, John. I have never been to that one. I've been to Atlanta, but I've never been to a Coke store. >> Oh, I could get Dale Coca-Cola golf ball. 445.45, I'm sorry. and teas. They have a Coca-Cola stress ball. I wonder if D has one of these. They have white and red. >> Oh my goodness. So crowded everywhere. >> They have checkers. Wait, is this a blind box Coke can? What? >> So, you can get any of these guys. Oh my goodness, these are cute. $14.95. Okay, I got to go over here and look at these. Oh, those are cute. Oh my goodness. You know, I'm a sucker for these mystery things. >> That is awesome. >> That's true. He can find that golf ball pretty easily, right? >> That's awesome. Cindy, >> I had to try something. >> What' you do? >> Well, I was like, "Oh, my birthday coat store. I'm going to get a Coke cuz it's, you know, 5 years, 9 years, whatever. How many years celebration?" Yes. But then I saw that this was what was in the cooler. I was like, I should try this cuz it's new. >> Cherry float. >> Cherry float. Amazing. That sounds awesome. >> Yeah. I'm not a cherry coke fan, but if you are, that does sound awesome. Do they have a vanilla float? >> They have a vanilla Coke in the bottle. >> I do like those float. >> Cooler. They do have vanilla Coke. >> Oh, actually. >> Would you like Nah, I'm good. I'm good. >> I could have got you one. I >> No, all good. No worries. >> All right. >> Um, but I would like a snack. >> Okay. >> Wherever. I doesn't Okay. >> I'm going to I'm going to try one. Why don't we go back to uh Summerhouse and look at their cookies? >> Oh, how would you do that? >> No, they have a um just a cookie bar. >> Oh, okay. I was like, I I don't want to necessarily sit down and do a whole >> No, no, it's just a cookie bar. It's a walk up. >> Okay. >> All right. Here we go. >> Unless there was another place you want to go. >> Try my >> Yeah, try your Coke. >> I'm actually not super hungry, but I will go with you over. >> Okay. >> I should was thirsty. >> I shouldn't get one, but I am hungry. >> Oh, go for it. >> I didn't have much dinner. I had that whole pizza. >> You did? Yeah. >> I had a chicken bun >> from the Japan >> place. Oh. Oh, it's so windy. >> It's It's a It's It's a ice cold flute. >> Here. Go right here. >> Okay. >> By the waving palm trees. >> All right. Here we go. >> All right. >> Cherry flu. >> See what he thinks. >> Oh, they want to after you're done, they want to know what shirt you got. >> Oh, yeah. >> Is it? >> It's very smooth. Like, do you taste ice creamy? >> Cherry. It's Coke. >> Cherry and vanilla. >> No way. >> That's actually totally worth it. >> Okay. >> It's so smooth. >> See, I'm not a cherry fan, so I don't think I would like it in a Coke. It reminds me of Tylenol, >> but I love Coke floats. >> No, it's so good. It doesn't remind me of Tylenol at all. >> Yeah, >> that is really, really good. >> Awesome. >> Very cool. Very cool. Well, I'm glad you found it. Let's see what shirt Josh got. >> Okay, >> the viewers need to know. >> I got the blue one. >> Yay. He did. He got the blue one. That was a good one. >> Good job. >> Front side of shirt. >> Nice. >> Back side of shirt. >> Back side. All right. I really like that. That is super cool. >> And yes, I did get 10%. >> Okay. Nice. >> With my pass. >> Josh did an unboxing. Good job, Josh. >> Unbagging. >> Yeah. All right. >> Um, I'm fine going wherever. I don't have to get one from there. >> Well, whatever you want. I'll walk with you. I'm just probably not going to get one. >> Okay. >> I will go with you. >> I wasn't going to get one of these either, but I was like, I'm kind of thirsty. And yeah, >> it's a new flavor. Why not? >> Why not? >> Um, I'm trying to think where I could go. >> Uh, I don't know here. I need to real quick. >> Okay. >> Okay. I also need to find a restroom. >> Same. >> They said very nice. What a great color. >> Yeah, I that's what I thought. It's a nice color here. Let's get out of the way. Nice color. >> Everything's a road. I know. >> It's all road. >> All road. >> Well, you tell me which direction you want to go. >> Um I'm trying to think. I'm trying to think. >> Maybe >> I'll be honest. I'm probably not going to need to go much past 9:00 with streaming. >> Same season. just, you know, just kind of a >> chill night. >> Chill night, but also um >> busy >> busy. And I have Mega Con tomorrow, so I want to get some rest. >> And I'll be live tomorrow, guys. And guess what? Don't go anywhere because the end of the stream, I'm going to announce where we're going to be. Yes. >> Or Friday Night Live. There will be no announcement tomorrow morning. This will be your announcement. >> That's right. >> So stay tuned. >> But if you're wondering again, why did we do Disney Springs tonight >> instead of any of the other stuff we could have done is because the very first stream on this channel was at Disney Springs. So, if you missed that at the beginning of the video, there's a very clear reason why it's at Disney Springs, and that is because that was where my very first stream was. I say Mike, cuz I was the only one doing it at the time. >> Yeah. I was in the chat. >> She was Yeah. >> All the way in California when I was in California. >> Remember, I only have one phone at the time. >> That's true. >> As as most people do. >> Yes. >> And I and and I um >> and I didn't see your message because it never went live. >> Right. >> But then you texted me to say that I saw you. >> Yeah. >> Like, I totally saw you. I'm like, yeah. All I saw was spinning in circles. >> I know. I was like, >> "We see you, Josh. You're live." >> Yeah. >> And there's no chat replay on those earlier streams either. It's just >> too funny. All right. Well, why don't you use this one and then I can use the bathroom. >> Sounds good over there. >> Okay. You decide what you want to do. >> I think I'll go down to some house. I'll see I'll see what the line looks like. Okay. >> I will just hang out in between by the food trucks. Yep. >> By the food trucks. >> You were in Cali then, too. That's awesome. Yep. Dale and I lived in California for a little bit. Not very long, but we did. And then it got us here, which is where we were meant to be. Don't worry. >> You could go for a summerhouse cookie. Yeah. I'm curious if they have any new ones. My favorite is just the Well, not just. It's the the frosted cookie. It's so good. My goodness, that wind needs to stop. I love a Disney Springs evening. Even better to circle back to where it all started. Yeah. Thanks, Wendy. Um, our plan was to take the boat over to Porter's cuz we also uh my first stream was there, but the boat line was crazy. So, uh, yeah, not going to do that. We weren't able to do that tonight. So, just saw the Boba Fett shirt you sent me. I need that. Right, Brett? I wonder. I'm sure you have it at yours, but if not, I can pick it up for you. Let me know. I saw it. I was like, "Yep, Brit's going to need that." They only have one vegan cookie there, but it's really good. Okay, awesome. Man know Jay, what part of Yeah. What part of California did I live in? I lived in um central California. Uh Pasarobels wine country. It was um halfway between LA and San Francisco. So, we were three hours from LA, three hours from San Francisco. Uh you might not heard of Pastor Robels, but maybe St. Louis Abyspo. It was a It was a nice little area to live, but very expensive. And uh we didn't have any family or many friends there, so we moved here closer to family. A thank you, Debbie. Oh, that's so sweet. All right, guys. So, if you have not seen uh Dale and I's cruise vlogs, they are all up on our channel, Adventures of Jenna and Dale. We've got day one through day five. I posted day five today. Um and it is um we went to Rowan, Honduras. So, it was when we went to that port and I think it was our favorite port that we've ever been to. So, don't miss the vlog over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Day five on the largest cruise ship in the world, Star of the Seas. Um, yeah. I'm so glad you guys are enjoying the cruise vlog. Dale and I are uh hoping to plan another maybe short like weekend cruise coming up. Uh maybe more this summer. So, we'll see. We'll see. If not a longer cruise. I don't know. We're try we're trying to price it out and you know it's hard with Dale working and getting days off and things. So, we're seeing what we can do because we can tell you guys really like those vlogs and we enjoy taking you on cruises with us. And the more cruises we get on Royal Caribbean, the more points we get. Um, we are about to go up to the next level. We're still on the bottom level and we go one if we do I think two more days on the cruise and we'll be up to the next level. Amy. Yes. If you guys have not seen the vlog, you will not know what Amy's talking about. Dale. Dale was funny. Dale was funny. Thank you, Amara, for posting the the link to the vlog there. Appreciate that. Oh, nice, Karen. Yeah, they have some good cookies. You got to try them. And the line is never as long as Gideon's, which is a plus. Yes, Sleeping Beauty's Castle is my summer house. Yeah, how'd you know? What a night. Still wish I could have gotten all the resort pins at Springs, but they didn't have any. Oh, sorry, Mr. Master. He did almost break me. That is true. Amara saw the cruise vlog. I want to take a Royal Caribbean cruise now. That's awesome. Jilly, I would love to go on another Disney cruise. cuz I was I was pricing the Destiny cruise cuz I didn't get to go with Josh and uh I would love to be able to go on that but uh yeah, we'll see. We'll see. It is very chilly but um right now but we had a cold front come through so I think that's why. Obviously that's why. Okay, Captain Obvious. Uh, I think I'm tired. Uh, but normally it's not this chilly in the at night. It'll get chillyish in the spring, but soon it'll just be warm all the time. Actually, hot. That was funny that Yes, Disney did announce a new ship. Believe the believe. Happy 9 years of Disney magic. Thank you so much, Mary. A I'm so glad that you enjoy the streams. Josh looking for me. Did he get lost? Is there a line? Going on the treasure in 3 weeks. Oh my goodness. I'm so jealous. That's amazing. >> Yes. All the trouble. Yeah, I'm glad I brought this hat. I almost didn't it. So, I was like, "Ah, it's not that cold." Oh, it's that cold. The wind. It's that wind. It'll get you. Okay. Well, ooh, that popcorn smells delicious. >> That's right. Lilo and Stitch 2, Incredibles 3. Hi. I was like, where did he go? Well, I was trying to find you and I saw Okay, >> sorry. I was by the lake. You're >> going this way. I was by the lake. >> So then I had to think to myself. I was like, she's right here >> and 30 seconds away. Where you and I like kind of >> I was coming up to see if you were there. >> I was doing a lead around. I was like, let's see which way is she headed to where she end up. >> Good job. Now I have to go to the bathroom. >> All right, go for it. >> Uh, I'll just walk up and down a little bit here. >> Jessica's floss. Check the Coke store. If found, return to Coke store. Yes. I love that. Let's turn the brightness down just a little. It's a little blown out. There we go. Ah, that's the better. It's great seeing you both at the ABA concert. Yeah, Miss Disney fam, for sure. That was so awesome. So fun. Congrats on 9 years. Thank you. So cute. Agreed. I'm Okay. Sorry. I was trying to get a >> get a drink and check a message. There we go. Hello from Greenville, Michigan. I'll be there for 10 days with my grandchildren. Nice. Next February. Oh, awesome. Have fun. Always fun to do those big family trips. There's the hoppers poster, banner, whatever you want to call it. Hey, Paul, congrats uh on 9 years of bringing joy. Congrats for 9 years of bringing joy to all of us far away from Walt Disney World. Thank you so much. a Pokemon. Appreciate that very, very much. Thank you. All right, >> I better not get too far away. >> Okay. Let's see where this Oh, cookie bar. It's right here. All right. Well, I I won't spoil the surprise. Let's make sure we uh make sure we let Jenna decide that part or show you guys that part. Hoppers is a fun movie. It looks fun. I I like I like the idea of it. It's very creative. I love new movies. I I I need to go see it so I can support it cuz I love when Disney comes up with, you know, and they do it often, but come up with different totally different ideas. Like I get that they kind of have to balance out the you know like hey this is a very famous you know this is like iconic you know where whether it's Toy Story or Frozen we got to continue to keep the the fans happy with those type of movies but then that gives them um the ability and the leeway to also uh do some of the new stuff that they wouldn't normally be able to do without that. So that's actually nice. somewhere else on Lake is so good. Yeah, for sure. >> I haven't tried it. I've just heard it's good, so I need to try it. >> This place is so cool. Always busy, but so cool. After nine years, they've been watching you for seven. I'm met you at a few times at Disney. We look forward to type. Well, thank you. Look forward to uh seeing you guys again, too. I think that's what you're trying to say. Cool. Cool. No worries. I know sometimes mine sends too early, too. Let me go around this way. Adrian having a meal day. Yeah, we need to we need to wish I could make a new Lady in the movie, Josh. That would be cool. Yeah. So glad you guys So glad for you guys to stream this long. Oh yeah, for sure, Mr. Master. I mean, we haven't been going that long, but yeah, for sure. Oh, here. Let me switch out the connection really quick. Be right back just to save some power. There we go. All back. All good. The battery life was doing really well until I turned on the uh Wi-Fi and stuff in the Coke store and I started dropping like crazy. What is the temperature right now? The wind coming off the lake is chilly. 60 feels like 55. Yeah. So, like it's actually not like the air temperature is not that cold. Humidity 58%. So, the humidity is actually lower than normal. Way lower than normal. That's interesting. >> Normally humidity here is, you know, 70 80%. When it's a hot summer day, >> I just did a lap. >> You did. Cool. >> All right. >> All right. No, Mr. master on normal latency so that way that we get the uh closed captioning too. All right, I'm ready. This way. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. On YouTube only does close captioning on normal latency and a lot of people like to use that even if even if you don't have a hearing uh you know issue of any kind. The closed captioning is nice cuz people can watch it on mute. You know, if they can't have it the mute on, they can watch and see. >> I do that sometimes >> at least somewhat what's being said. Obviously, it doesn't quite get it perfect, but >> like if I'm in bed and uh not sleeping and I'm like, "Oh, I wonder what Josh should do if he was sleeping. I'll just watch it with music." >> Oh, cool. >> Warm is coming. Yeah. So, it's 60. Feels like 55. >> Smells like cigars. >> Uh, no, they don't. Maybe somebody just got something like that. Yeah. >> Apparently, I think they rented out this store for whatever that >> Oh, >> yeah. It's a bunch of people in suits and lanyards and stuff talking business. >> Business. >> Yeah. Now open at 9:00 a.m. Okay. I've never been in here before. All right. James Han, congrats on 28 months of Resort Hopper Platinum. Oh my gosh, James. Thank you. Uh, hi Josh and Jenna. Happy 9 month 9th live streaming anniversary. Found you during the co times. Been watching ever since. Semi- Ninja watching the stream tonight. Spring break is in full force here too. Woohoo. Thanks James. That's so awesome. Appreciate you. Appreciate you being a platinum member. Hey David T started watching in 2020. >> Well yeah I just want to show the place real let me show the place real quick. >> All right I'll give an overview of the of the uh >> yeah about cookies. >> What? No I'm good. It's warm in here. >> Nice, isn't it? >> Yep. All right, I'll go over here. >> It's a neat place. I like it. >> Wow, they got some nice looking cookies. That is a good looking sticker doodle. I'll have to come in here next time. There's chocolate chip on it. >> I think it's good, too. >> Well, I'm sure I would love the cookies. Yeah. So, this is uh summer house, the cookie bar, and this is the front porch. How nice. So, when they did the drone show, Jenna got to do a little tour or a little um an evening in here with the drone show premiere with the um with the uh media. Oh, nice. >> Okay. Lots of good stuff. I'll go ahead and wait >> cuz this size they have milk on top. I know, right? You'd almost need it. Almost need it. Let me go this way. Oh, whatever. Sorry. >> I love the little like it looks like your living room. Cookie Monster would love to hang out there. He sure would. It's a very upscale place. It's very Miami to me. It's got a lot of that Miami vibe, which um for that hotel that I stayed at down there, um Pier 46 or seven or I don't know, whatever. Six or seven, whatever. The pier Pier something. Either way, that was so so cool. >> Oh, they're out. Wow. They look like they had plenty of stuff, but >> Oh, >> okay. I was telling everybody uh we they had a lot of really cool um or the architecture is cool. It reminds me of uh the Miami style that Pier 50 Pier 54 whatever. Pier 40 Pier 46 or California. Okay. Oh yeah, cuz they have a lot of this style at Downtown Disney, too. The profit margin on cookies is obscene. I used to be a baker. Yeah. No, that's true. I mean, it makes sense. It doesn't cost the ingredients don't cost that much. And then once you've got it set up, the labor probably doesn't cost that much cuz you've got >> Yeah, sure. Let's go by We'll go by the balloon. Yeah. >> The chocolate chip. Yeah, the snicker doodles look really good, too. >> I did. I know. I thought about that. >> Okay, no worries. >> Goodness. >> Yep. >> There's no walking here. >> Okay, I guess. Yeah, cuz I can't get across. We went in there. So, >> you went here for a media event for the drone show. >> Yeah, we did. >> Aid in the room over here. >> Very nice. >> Was that right close to when it first opened? >> It was soon after open a little bit. Actually, no. It opened in like January or February. >> Oh, okay. In like summer. >> Okay. So, no. So, it had been open for a while. It's just that they had feelings for the drugs. >> That's what it was. >> Yes. >> Really craving cookies right now. It really is good. Sandra says, "Well, I believe you cuz it looks good." >> I also didn't want to like make you wait too long. >> Oh, no. I'm fine. I was doing a little tour of the place. >> I just didn't want to stand in the line, but I was I was doing I was doing a little tour. I was totally fine. >> Gotcha. I could go in there, too. >> Yep, you can. >> All right. >> Maybe I'll do that. >> Okay. >> All right. Let's go. Let's go look at the stuff in here. >> Thanks. >> Place is so cool. >> Cooks are my favorite. I even brought some home on the plane last trip. Nice, nice, nice, nice. I love the gummies. Okay. But they also have the organ of candy. >> All right. >> Yes, we've done some balloon streams. Yes, we have. a couple different ones. Sometimes it lags up there because the what we found out is a cellular, you know, antennas or the towers are not pointed up. All the towers are pointed down. So once you get above the tower range, it actually can lag. Uh which you wouldn't think it would, but it actually is just not pointed that way. Oh, there's the witch herself. Want an apple deer? Yeah. Here. Hold on. We got to I got to get closer and then do the voice. It'll be It'll be all right. Okay. All right, there we go. There we go. How about an apple deary? This has been fun tonight. We just explore a little bit, you know, just have a good night, explore, chill, relax. I love it. It's been awesome. So, yeah, for 10 years though, we got to probably plan something, you know, pretty pretty cool. plan something uh pretty special if we can afford it. She's a hag rather than rather than the witch. Could be. Could be. She kind of had witch stuff going on though. She was, you know, casting spells and stuff. So, could be either way. This is the kitchen area again. Calling all the monsters. This is just like a Halloween party. How fun. Oh, look. All right. Good night, Annette. Figure gal. >> Hi again, Amy. Eight ads and counting. Wow. Micro, I'm sorry. You feel free to skip them if you get eight. is it should be one or two. That's a reasonable amount, but there should not be any eight ads. We don't have any control over that. I'm sorry. I would definitely if there was a setting, I would definitely limit it to like one or two, but we don't do we don't do ads while the stream is live. Um, and most most Disney channels don't do that, but there are a lot of streaming channels that aren't Disney that do during the stream ads. Um, we just for us it it interrupts the flow. Now, if I was just if I was just playing games, I I think it probably wouldn't be that big of a deal, but when you're in the park, you know, you don't want to miss out on anything. It's kind of annoying. So, yep. Luckily, you only get ads at the beginning. But micro said you got eight ads in a row. I was like, oo, something must have been broken. We don't have any settings for that. But, >> um, did you hear the song that was playing in there? >> Yeah, monsters. That's like the Halloween party. >> Yeah, I feel like >> calling all the monsters. Oh, here. Let's go show the lightsabers real quick. I didn't actually. Now that it's a little bit more calm in there. Didn't show the the real lightsabers. the Darth Vader Loungefly. And then here are the lightsabers. Oh, there's a Loth cat over there, too. That's the one that costs a lot. >> The Loth cat that costs a lot. Got to run. Have a great night. Thank you. Okay, so here you can see kind of what they have here. before. >> Yeah, you got to show your cake pop. That one's 3.49. It's a little more. >> Yeah. >> Yeah, there's a brochure. Okay. Is it after the character or >> like I know you can get like >> No, you can just you can just you can build something similar to Luigi, but No, it's >> I don't think it's exactly the same. >> I don't have that experience at all. >> No, it's really cool. You should watch the stream. >> He wants just No, I get I get it. I get it. >> Yeah. No, it's really fun. It's good. came right back in. >> I was going to go attempt to make one and then I get to go. >> It's very cool. >> I've been in there once to once to film it and then once to actually do it. >> Here's the 349 one. Check that out. Who is that? >> Dark Saber. >> Yeah. So, that's the P you just un >> Oh, this is the display that >> Thank you so much. No problem. My god, how fun. All right. Well, there you go. >> Serious serious hardware in here. And now I will say they are well made for the 180 or $200. You you do get 100%. You get it's all metal construction. They're very very nice. >> I got the one she was making in the window. Well, not the exact one. >> Could be. You never know. >> It could be. >> It's the one she saved with the spatula. >> Yeah. >> We were I felt so bad. We were filming it and it was like down. So, this is just an alternator. >> Yeah, that's totally just an alternator, >> I think. Is that what that is, guys? Looks like an alternator to a car. Yeah, which is what makes the That's what makes the power and charges the battery. >> That is a bigdeed Starbucks. >> Indeed, >> there people with tank tops on must be kind of cold. What? >> People with tank tops must be kind of cold. Girl had a tank top. >> Another girl with a short dress and I thought it's got to be freezing. >> Yeah, you do. >> I doubt it, but it could be. You never know. >> Just because you know Alaska traditionally, we don't have a lot of Florida visitors from Alaska. We have some some people that watch in the chat from Alaska. Oh my gosh, I love this song. Uh, under the bridge. >> No. More chili peppers. >> Boy, they really sound good. >> They really, man, that's good. Not an alternator. What is it? It looks like an alternator. This is worth the copyright claim. It's so good. That's just three guys. They're really good. >> The red hat. >> Woo. Woo. >> Thank you. Oh, what a great song. >> That really takes you back. >> Haze Over Hollywood. >> Was Haze Over Hollywood. Okay, >> fine. I said it's worth the copyright claim. That was so good. That was like It sounds like the CD's playing. >> Yeah, that was really good. It's all right if you love me. It's all right if you don't. I'm not afraid of you running away on me. I got this feeling you. There's no sense in pretending. Your eyes give you way. Something inside you is feeling like I said all there is to say. Baby, lay down. Lay down. Break down. Can't you see down tonight? I need a drink in a table. Man, this is cool. I can just kind of sit here and hang out. I have a Coke. I need a table. There you go. It's all right if you love me. It's all right if you go. I'm not afraid of you. I got this feeling. >> Yeah. Good old Tom Petty. You got something >> break down. Break down. Break down. Always so fascinated by those pedals. They just totally change the sound by pushing the pedal. I mean, it's what all guitar players do, but it's just cool. Very nice. My crazy grown up live 28 months of Resort Hopper Platinum. Happy 9 years streaming. I'm so glad I found this channel back during co days. Appreciate you all so much. I'm an Alaskan hopper. Thank you to all the hoppers and moppers for being a part of my busy life. Yes, you are an Alaskan hopper. You were who I thought of my crazy grown-up life when I said I know we have Alaska. Oh, another really good song. Sorry guys, we got to stay here. You might hold it for a second. I'm going to get a drink to my door. She said, "Come on, baby. I got a license for me right now. We got she won't see what tire Easy day. I set you free. I set you free. This one you hear about me. because she Heat. Heat. giving up the sounds on the vocals. >> Yeah, it was great. That >> was great. >> All right, I got one more song. This is after this after the I'm sure they're done at 9:30. Oh, >> okay. I was like, how do you know? There was another color of my eyes approaching me. Never seen a man so well. Could you use a little company for my advice? Who knew will be nice? You can always send me on my way. It's hard to see her think so this she said the whole tree I used to be so wish I could see I'm still walking down the He was on a shadow of a man creeped out of sight. He sum you up looking for a fight. You got what your money should be trying to make. You can my cat feels nothing Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. What? >> Oh, there's the >> Oh, crazy. >> Yeah. No clue. How they did that? school. I was sitting at my house coming to an DJ Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Morgan. >> Thanks, guys. >> I love that so much. >> We just got a couple more for a call tonight. Once again, we're Haze over Hollywood. If you have any videos or pictures, tag us on our Instagram. >> Haze over Hollywood, guys. >> That's H A Z E over Hollywood. Here we go. >> Should we rap it? >> Yeah, we know how we wrap it. >> No, you're right. >> That's a different version of that. >> Yeah, we'll probably go wrap it up. All right, guys. They are really good. I thought they were going to wrap at 9:30, but so good. >> Very talented. >> Very, very good. I love that that late 90s, early 2000s where they had the the old school radio voice that they put on there. That was totally a thing. So many songs obviously. >> Oh yeah. >> Oh my gosh. Everything from the Chili Peppers to Tom Petty to, you know, No Rest of the Wicked. Like who sang who sang that one? Um >> I have no idea actually who sang that guys. >> I can't remember who sang it. Anyway, when you when you when you tell me I knew the song. When you tell me I'm going to be like, "Oh yeah, duh." But seriously, what a great great group. Three guys >> and they all just like are so I mean obviously they've been together for a long time, but they all they're so tight. >> Well, congratulations on nine years. >> Oh, thank you so much. >> We follow you quite a bit. So, >> I appreciate that. >> It's nice to nice to meet you. >> You as well. >> We follow you quite a bit. So, >> you guys want to say hi on the live stream? >> Uh, sure. We will. So, I'm in the Houston area. So, >> Houston. Okay. >> And what what did you say all your names were again? >> Uh Ryan, >> Randy, >> Jacob. >> Okay. Awesome. >> You as well. >> Thanks for watching. >> Enjoy. >> Should we tell them where where I'm going to be tomorrow? >> Yes. >> Waited till the end of the stream. >> All right. Here, I'll I'll put you I'll put you on the I'll do this. >> Yeah. What day it is? Not quite. >> Uh it's Thursday. Okay. All right. Try again. Try again. All right. Actually, here, face this way so we can actually see you. There we go. Okay. Perfect. Perfect. Ah, there we go. Okay. >> Guess what day it is. Guess what day it is. This is your Friday night. Friday night live announcement video >> on Thursday. >> Yeah, they will. This is usually when we film them. You guys just don't see them till Friday morning. But anyway, >> cave the elephant. No rest of the wicked. >> Oh, okay. >> Okay. >> So, tomorrow at 600 p.m. Eastern time, I will be live because Josh will be at Mega Con. He will not be with me tomorrow night, but I will be live with Dale. Dale's going to join me tomorrow at 6. And uh we're going to go to the Skyliner Resort. So, we thought that would be fun. Something different. We haven't done that in a while. Um we might even start at Hollywood or into Hollywood. We're not sure, but that's usually where we park cuz it's just the easiest. Um but yeah, Skylighter Resorts tomorrow night, 600 p.m. Eastern with me and Dale. So, don't miss it. >> Yay. >> Yay. And then Josh, do you have a Saturday announcement or no? I don't think I'm gonna do Saturday. >> We're gonna take the time for >> Excuse me. We're gonna take the time and whatever Liam wants to do, we're gonna do. >> I love it. >> Y good idea. >> So, we're gonna have a family weekend. >> Perfect. >> So, but yeah. So, so I'll I'll be back on Tranquil Tuesday. >> Yep. And I'll be live on Friday and Monday. >> And maybe it won't be so cold. >> I hope not. >> Holy cow. >> All right, let's do a selfie. >> We are. We are the youth of a nation. >> And I have not been running. This is not good, Josh. 59 feels like 53, but the wind is so strong it feels colder. >> Oh, and a week from Friday, we will probably be doing our um Run Disney charity. >> Yes, a week from Friday, Run Disney fundraiser for experience camps. >> Yes. Cannot wait. >> Um also, uh we need to thank our sponsors. Holy cow. >> I'll let you do Surf Shark tomorrow. >> It's a Friday thing. >> We can walk around. >> Okay, we'll walk just a second. Yeah. So, um, we got mickeyras.com for all the latest in Disney or sorry, for the best in Disney, uh, vacation planning advice. If you want to book your next trip to Walt Disney World, go check out or any Disney park or cruise, mickeyras.com. Again, it's mickeyras.com. Also, mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. Mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. >> Resort TV1 Homes. Guys, if you are wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resorttv1homes.com. brokered by EXP Realy. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for realtor in the area that you're looking. So, whatever area you're looking for, we'll get you that expert realtor in that area with resorthomes.com. >> Yay. Check us out. >> All right. So, that's resorttv1homes.com. Also, we have uh Davis DVC rentals. If you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, go check out Davis DVC Rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. Again, that's dvcre request.com/tv. Go check it out. Um, and um, >> dreamtable.co. >> That one. Yeah. >> Dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to get a really hard to get reservation at Walt Disney World >> or even an easy one. >> Yeah, hard. Any of them, dreamtable.co will help you out. So, all you have to do is download the app or go to dreamtable.co. put in all the information, the you know the restaurant, the number of people, uh time, date, all the things and they will notify you when it becomes available. They will not make the reservation for you. You will make it once they notify you. >> You will make it. >> You will make it. You want to. >> You actually don't have to. But yeah, but you can. >> Well, you probably want to. >> You want to >> cuz it's hard to get. They let you know. And you're excited. >> It's exciting. >> You think about that next time. Anyway, Jenna promises not to yell at you if you don't get it. made that reservation. >> That's right. >> They're excited. >> Yes. >> Uh, congrats on 9 years. Thanks for all you do. Thank you so much. Hey, listen, Neil. All right, so uh Matt drums $4.99. Josh and Jenna, congrats on 9 years. This channel has been good with me through the good and bad. Help me learn to love the parks. Thank you so much, Matt. Thank you. >> Hey, Tracy. Thank you. All right, so um we also have um let's see. I did David's DVC rentals. Um, Behind the Ride. >> Yep. >> So, Behind the Ride on Amazon. Definitely go check out Behind the Ride on Amazon. If you want to um find out how all your favorite rides were created, just go to Amazon, search for Behind the Ride or Disney Demystified, and they've got all of your um basically all of your uh stories and information about how the parks were created. So, it's uh Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified. Again, behind the Ride, Disney Demystified. I'm checking to make sure we didn't miss any PayPal. The internet provider says issue identified. Good. >> Good job. >> It's like on Alien Encounter, we can see the problem. It's like a giant monster standing in front of them. >> Anyway, um so yeah, definitely go check that out is Disney Demystified and behind the ride on Amazon. Um and also Layer 1 Technology again, Layer 1 Technology for all of your um business, small or mediumsiz business, IT support here in Central Florida. Uh layer onetone technology.com support layer onetone techchnology.com. All right. Um, so Jenna, we'll see you tomorrow. >> Um, I'll maybe I'll post a picture or two from from u Mega Con. We'll see. Or maybe an Instagram story. We'll see. Okay. >> Uh, either way, just uh otherwise, I won't do a vlog cuz I think I'm just going to enjoy it >> and we'll be with the family and friends. Several friends actually of Liam's and ours. So, it'll be fun. Um, we also want to thank our platinum members and I have we have Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego, Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Paulie, The Amazing Jayla Moxley, Scander, Dani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much platinum members. >> Yes, thank you. >> Thank you members. Thank you moppers. Thank you hoppers. Thank you fireworks >> and Patreon members. >> And Patreon members. Hey guys, >> is that over? >> Yeah, it is. Don't Don't say we didn't show you fireworks on the stream. I'm just saying. >> Holy moly, it's cold. >> Baby, you're a fireworks. >> Good job. >> Like unzoom. It's probably better unzoom. >> We'll warm up soon. You think about that. Florida. >> Yeah, Florida. >> Hey, if you can dream it, Heather. Oh, this must be the um Yes, you got a friend in me >> because of the the multicolored uh fireworks. This is Happily Ever After. >> It does. Cheeseburger in Paris. It really does. Wow, they look really cool from here. >> So, there you go. >> Okay, we can't stand here very long. >> No, it's cold. Anyway, have a great night everybody. >> I win. >> We'll see you next time. But hey, you got to see some fireworks, so it's been a good night. >> Good, good, good, >> good night. Oh, >> and good night. >> Oh, are out. >> Okay, there we go. All right, everybody. We'll see you next time. >> Bye, everybody. Supporting us for so long. We appreciate it. >> Nine years. What in the world happened in 9 years? I don't even know. >> How? How? >> Nine years. >> How? >> 214,000 subscribers. We finally hit it the other night. >> Y everybody. >> Yeah. and over a 100 million views. >> That's just crazy. >> Crazy crazy crazy. >> Thank you guys. >> Yep. >> So, thank you and we will see you uh I'll see you Tuesday. I'll see you tomorrow. >> I will tomorrow night. >> All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Bye-bye.
