---
video_id: 2s5kPZSXI0E
channel: ResortTV1
title: "What's New at Disney Springs - March 2026 - Merch, Treats & More - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-03-15
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2s5kPZSXI0E
---
Hey guys, it's Jenna with Resort TV1. Today we're here at Disney Springs. It's a new month. It's March and we got to come see what's new. Um, so I can't wait. We're going to go to World of Disney and um, you know, the co-op, all the stores. It's a little windy. Hopefully you're not getting wind noise, but it is a gorgeous day out here today. And uh, we're just going to enjoy the day today. So, uh, let's go. The balloon is up. Looks beautiful here with the bright blue sky. I also noticed Hoppers is out and they have a little sign or big sign out here for it. Um, let me know if you're excited to see it. I do really want to see this and I can't wait to see the merch for it, too. But, uh, thought I'd let you guys know. You guys are all here. You're a movie. Hoppers. The movie. If you're new to our channel, that's what we call our viewers, Hoppers. We're going to stop at Disney. uh Ever After first because I heard they've done some reverb in here and I'm just curious if they have anything new as well. So, let's stop in here first. So, before we show the merch, they did take all the emojis off the walls and now they've got it a little more pink vibes, just subtle vibes. I'm liking it. They do have these cute little guys. They've got Louise, the cherry blossoms, uh, Japan line, Tiger, Winnie, Eeyore, Big Loop, and they also have a Stitchy. They are 1999. They have the little word project here on the on the wall. This is a cute um keychain. Then they have these charmed things that you can put to your on your bag or anything like that. So they have all of these and then they've got all the little charms to go on them. Love the little key. Isn't that cute? Castle. So many cute things. >> They also have the girls crew. Oh, is this Disneyland? This is Disneyland. Oh, there you go. Oh, see. Sorry. Disneyland. This one also says Disneyland. Couple more new things they have are these ear keychains, which I had to pick up. These are like Tokyo. I hope we get more. Believe they're $16.99. They're teal. So, yeah, $16.99. Look at the Baymax Squash. I think he's the same. $16.99. They do still have the create your own headband um section. So, if you want that, they still have it. They've got gold Mickey and gold Minnie. So, those are new >> and then the rest of these >> pretty similar what we've seen. >> And we're in. And they've got a cute little Winnie the Pooh display up here. Winnie the Pooh is celebrating 100 years, which is crazy. They do have the tiger ears for $36.99. Love this mug. Oh my goodness. There's even a little bee there for $24.99 and the little poo Winnie the Pooh hat. Seen the price on it, but it is adorable. Oh, we saw these the last time we were here, but I had to point them out again cuz they're adorable. $29.99 and we've got Chicky and little bunny Minnie. She's so cute. These are also new. the Up Wishables. They have got the cutest little Wishables. They are $17.99 for one box. So, one character. Um, and these are a few that you can get. They also have Doug. I don't know why they don't have Doug out, but um I was able to find Doug and I was so excited. The flowers are fairly new. Um, they've been here for a little while. They are $16.99 each. Supposedly, they're getting other characters. We'll see. like Marie and I can't remember who else, but they're adorable. They also have these cute miniature Loungefly bags, which are keychains. They are $25 each. These are a few that they have. They even have the rose gold. They did have mystery ones, but I think they're gone. However, they could be in the co-op um in the blind box store. So, we'll go in there later to check it out. They have these guys. They've had these for a little while. They're $36.99. Again, these are fairly new. $36.99 and they are beautiful. They've got the Valentine ones here. And the balloon ones. These are Loungefly. So, these are a little more. I think they're 40 40. Where is it? 46.99. That's what I was going to guess. Another new pair they have are the Cinderella ones. And these are so pretty. So, this one has a shoe in the middle where the old ones had a clock and a little different design as well. But, um, I don't see any new ears other than that. I already pointed out they do have a bunch of the Cheshure Cat ones. Okay, I believe this is new. This is so cute. The My Mind Bird. Adorable. It is a V-neck. It's $39.99 for that. They've had the Chip and Dale one for a while, but I've not seen the Marie. And oh my goodness, she is adorable. Love the pink. Love the bling bling. Um they are $46.99. You are play You're playing You're paying for the bling bling. Found a Wildcat V-neck tea as well. Uh $42.99 for that. It is a little bit thicker than a t-shirt. That's nice. Very fun. There's a few of the Lounge Flies. I'm not seeing any new ones. The Marie one is fairly new. Reminds me of the Spike the Bee one I just got, but with Marie. She is $75. Got that stitchy bag. That is so adorable for uh 65 as well. No, this one's 65. 75. I'm sorry, that one's more. And if you are wanting the little mini or mini mini bags, um they're here. They have all all of them. They have mini and Mickey. They are $34.99 if you want one. I believe these are new. Love these. Um so they're embroidered. So we have the tote bag over here with the Walt Disney World embroidered on it. Um it is $44.99. And then you have the cinched um backpack. with the same embroidery for $44.99. Um, and then the hat. I really like this hat. Totally see dad wearing that. Um, it is $32.99. I think they've had this, but it might have sold out and now it's back. Um, it is $39.99. Got the Montreal one again. Oh, this one's cheaper. $34.99. I've not seen this Moana. This is cute. $34.99 for this. That's adorable. Found another new backpack. All right, so this is the bigger size bags that have the ear holders in them. Love these bags, the water bottle holders on both sides. This one has Mickey and Friends on it. It is $59.99. Super nice. They don't not they do not have the smaller version, but they do have the fanny pack if you'd rather have that. fanny pack is $39.99. Couple more things they have. It looks like little makeup pouches or whatever you want them to be. This one is $34.99. They've got a treasure cat one. Same price. Then they have this treasure cat bag. So, it is $44.99. That's really cute. Love it. I spotted some new Crocs. And these are for High School Musical. And oh my word, they're amazing. Look at the the back little strap. That is adorable. They are $89.99, but there is a lot of things on these. Looks like it has a little bit of a heel as well. >> I found the cutest little kids backpack. Look at that little detail in there. So, it is like a little hanging um keychain, so you can take it out if you want. Um $34.99 for this little backpack. So cute. Well, this whole line is fairly new. It came out, I think, when I was on the cruise. Um, but it's, you know, your classic Walt Disney World um, you know, line that you would want if you're coming on vacation. So, they have the mug. It is a plastic mug, $27.99. Have the uh, photo album. This one is $24.99. And then the brand new spirit jersey. So, it's just a plain navy with the gold Disney D there. But the back is so cute. So pretty with the gold and then Tinkerbell. I do love this a lot. And this is that picture frame that we were looking at at the beginning. It is $49.99, but that is a really cute photo frame. They also have a jacket. And then this is a nice thicker jacket. Got all the gang there on the back with the castle. $79.99. The front in the front as Walt Disney World. And it is buttoned buttoned jacket. Love that. But wait, there's more in this collection. So, they have the, you know, classic Walt Disney World mug that you need when you come. I know I've got at least one of these, maybe more. All the characters are on there. $16.99 for that mug. And it's a nice size mug. And then they have this um pullover half zip with the Mickey zipper there. Again, all the characters on the front. And it is $69.99 plain on the back. Really fun. I like that a lot. And of course, they have the throw blanket that goes with the collection. So, this is what it looks like. These, they're all always so soft. They um This one is $44.99. Less than I was expecting. Couple more things that go with this collection. And I know I've showed this on the live streams before, but I am so excited that they have these giant pencils back. They do come with, you know, a uh pencil sharpener cuz you need one. Um it is $14.99. I remember getting these when I was a kid and I would bring them to school. Be so excited. They do have an official autograph pen for $9.99. And then I love this water bottle. It is 10. It's $44.99 and it has a ton of character signatures on here. I heard they're getting ears to match this. I mean, I can't wait for those. >> And then they have a little kids um t-shirt for $29.99. And oh my goodness, they also have a little kids spirit jersey. Okay, we need this in adults, please. This is amazing. I don't see a price on it, but I love it. And then to go with this line, they also have a cinched drawstring backpack for $24.99. One thing that I've been really looking for is Hoppers merch for the new movie. They usually do merch for the new movie, and I don't see it anywhere. So, I don't know if they're not doing any for this one, but it's not here at Disney Springs. And I haven't seen it at the parks either, or it's late. It's one of the two. Do have a Daisy and a mini mug. And these are really big size mugs. 1999. Oh, I'm sorry. There's one on the front and one on the back. Same mug. Well, we saw this bigger backpack and um the hip pack or fanny pack, but we didn't see this one. So, this one's really cute. It's got the signatures all over it. It is a smaller size. It's $29.99. It does have one water bottle holder. No ear holder. That is a cute bag. I believe this sweatshirt is new. And oh my goodness, is it adorable. Let's see. So, it is pink. Really nice and soft. Got mini on the front. Um, it is $64.99. I believe it's plain on the back. Yep, plain on the back. It is really cute. So, they have more mini stuff back here. I know I've shown that t-shirt before, but I don't think I've seen the black sweatshirt, Minnie Mouse. Uh, $59.99 for that. And then we've got the classic Mickey denim button-up shirt. Love this. $79.99. And they have moved the pins, so the pins are not up on that wall by the plushies. They're back here now, which is probably a good plan. There's more room back here. They do have Magic Bands back here. They still have the Pandora as well. I spotted a couple new t-shirts. So, you've got a Lightning McQueen shirt here getting ready for Cars Land and Monsters University getting ready for Monsters Inc. Land. These are the where you buy two for $29.99 or they're $32.99 each if not. And they have a ton of the baseball um jerseys right now. I do really love this Minnie Mouse one. $79.99. I think they're all $79.99. Got Mickey, Jasmine, Tiana, Rapunzel. I love the colors for Rapunzel, Tinker Bell, and Belle. I also spotted looks like a new um cars sweatshirt. That is really cute. $ 69.99. There's the back. That is super fun. Nice and thick. There's also a um jacket. Jacket is also $79.99. It's a lighter weight jacket, but uh still decent. Keep you nice and warm here in Florida at least. I found some more my my merch. So, they have this one, the ringer tea with the birds for $36.99. And then a hoodie. I do like this one a lot. 64.99 for the hoodie. It's an all over print. There's a new uh Star Wars shirt. The red definitely caught my eye. Got Darth Vader there on the front. Some Stormtroopers. 34.99. We definitely have to say hi to Stitchy cuz, you know, I love him. But um it's not a super busy day today. Guessing next week's going to be crazy with spring breaks. I know Orange County is on spring break next week here in um Orlando, so it's going to be busy. But let's head to the co-op. I'm curious to see what blind boxes they have today. into the co-op we go. >> So excited to see what they have in here. >> I love this store. Looks like they have some uh Marvel blind boxes for $19.99. They have Wanda. Oh my goodness. And Vision and Groot. Okay, these are fun. And they have a couple Marvel in there. Little cars. These are $16.99. There's some princesses here being adorable for $16.99. More princesses. It looks like these are in little books. How cute is that? For $19.99. Even more princesses. Oh my goodness, I love these. These are so pretty. These are $19.99. There's several princesses that you can get. So fun. I think I've shown these before, but I'm not sure. So, we've got Stitch in his little Tron outfits for $16.99. And then Stitch cosplaying is all the Disney characters. And I've got a few of these. They're addicted. They are flocked, so they're like nice and soft. They're $16.99. I found a new one over here. So, we have Mickey. All sorts of different Mickey's. These are really cute. Mickey, childhood of boundless Imagination. 1999 for Mickey. And then we've got Chip and Dale. And oh my goodness. So, you get both. You get Chip and Dale. And uh they're in different scenes. And they are so stinking cute. This one is so cute. They are $19.99. Okay, so they've had these for a while. We've got the Molly and Zootopia again. Molly and Zootopia. These are $71.99. They've had these for a while. Lots of Zootopia ones right now, especially with the new movie that just came out. Well, I thought these were sold out, but they do have the Loungefly backpacks. Um, so I did open one and I got Mickey and Sharon got Stitch and she wanted she was fine switching, so we switched. I also really want Mr. Toad, so I'm really debating getting another one. They are $25 each. They also have Mickey, Minnie, um, Donald, Goofy, Daisy, and M. I already said Minnie. I already got one of these two, and I got Daisy. These are 20. I don't know why these are a little cheaper, but they are. Um, and then they've got these guys. These are 20 for more of like the plain backpack. Really cute, though. So, they have run Disney stuff in here. I'm just curious if they have any princess stuff from the last race, but it doesn't look like it. They do have the regular, you know, we're Disney stuff, which I love. I was debating buying this to hold my medals. Forgot how much it was. Um, $29.99. So, that's not bad. Oh, I'm not sure. I've seen this one before. Minnie Mouse. Running Minnie Mouse. $44.99. They also have the skirt with the shorts. And I love this jacket, but it is $99.99. Little pricey. They have the Mickey mini bags here as well that we saw in World of Disney. And I'm loving these jersey spare jerseys. $79.99 for these. Another thing, I don't know if we've shown this before, but these are to take pictures with your blind box characters whenever you open them. So, I think that's really fun. Love the cozy vibes of this section. So fun. Like this pillow, ladies. You don't start fights, but they can finish them. $49.99. A little bit pricey for the pillow. The back is plain. Do like this pink mug, though. Um $54.99. It's a corksicle. But I love this display. And the last time I was in here, I spotted something. Duffy. There's Duffy here. I hope that means we're going to get Duffy and friends back. Please, please, please. He's so cute. I would buy him. I'd buy that one. And he looks used. This is a fun Walt Disney World sweatshirt. You got the whole gang on there. And it is embroidered. It's a nice fluffy sweatshirt. It's $59.99. Plain on the back. They do have the park days and lattes mugs and cups and things. And this is really cute, too. This is a straw straw topper. $14.99. And then this bag is amazing. It's $39.99. If I needed another tote bag, I would buy it. They also have this little bear keychain that also is a um drink stop topper to keep your drink warm. If they had a shirt in this, add to cart immediately. Hopefully one day. These go with it though, the colors. They do have a t-shirt wall back here. Some of these you don't see in the world of Disney, which is fun. Oh, they have a Mulan one. You don't usually see Mulan on her own tea. Also love the Stitch one. I did find a couple new kitchen items. So, some of this has been here for a while, but I spotted some new cob uh corn on the cob holders and they're Montreal. Yep, these are amazing. $14.99. And then they have a uh Mickey ice cream sandwich spatula. At least that's what it looks like to me for $14.99. And a set of sponges. $9.99. to the pen trading store. Let's go see if there's any new pens. Um they usually have a release on Tuesdays, so we'll see if they have any today. But before we do that, I did want to see if they had any new uh magic bands. And I think this Alice one is new or fairly new. We got Lightning McQueen Shack. Love this one. I have the ears that match. And then the gold one is also really pretty. Looks like the new arrivals, sorry for the glare, are uh >> let's see, we've got um St. Patrick's Day with Goofy. And then we've got Peter Pan and Wendy Magical Theater. They're both cute. Oh my goodness, I am loving the um pastel colors. But what? This is so pretty. So, it's supposed to be like a little pin lanyard and it's a princess one. That is adorable. And then we've got Goofy and it says, "Want a train?" And >> Donald. Okay, these are definitely new. They are yellow. >> Don't know how much those are yet. >> Actually was really good. >> And then we have this cute little uh brought me. >> All right. Yellow is $17.99. It's not bad. At the park the other day, I found a new orange bird and I'm trying to see if I can find it and show it to you guys today. This one's fairly new with Belle. Love it. What else? What else? What else? I think this one's new. So fun. I'm not sure I've seen the Rya one, >> the Moana one. There's a couple Moana ones actually. And then uh Brave Merida. Love it. Okay. Dang it. They have some new Stitch ones. And this one is kind of like the orange bird one I saw yesterday and thought was adorable. They have it in stitch. He's yellow. So $17.99. This one's new, too. Oh my goodness. pirate stitchy. This one's silver. This one's cheaper. So, this one's $14.99. But oh my goodness, he's adorable. Look at them. Look at him. But yeah, the orange bird was just like this. So, let's see if we can find it. I believe the Tinker Bell's new this one. Dopey could be new. We've got some orange bird here, but I've not seen the one on the pillow. So, either he's sold out or they just didn't have them here. Look, they have a rummy from the new uh vegan barrel. Found a couple um new Marvel ones or Avengers. So, we've got this one, this one, and I love this one, the gauntlet. How cool is that? Great. Got some of the villains over here. Oo. Oh, these are for the buildup pens. Fun. And it looks like we've got some uh sparkly Star Wars ones. We've got Darth Vader and Boba Fett. We're heading into Goofy's Candy Co. to see what they have. New. This looks new. Seasonal frozen cocoa. Ooh, that sounds delicious. Let's go see what other yummies they might have. Does look like they have the Polynesian and the I think it's Fantasy Land uh trash cans that you can fill up for $14.99 plus half a pound of candy and you can fill it up with anything. Lots of jelly beans and things. They do have some new treats for springtime. Oh my goodness, look at the bunny rice krispie. So cute. And then a little bunny cupcake. Mini spring chocolate cupcake. And they have a Mickey spring vanilla cupcake. Oh, that is adorable. And then a couple apples. Look like they have a Winnie the Poo honey cookie. And of course, they have the ticker tail and the Winnie the Poo marshmallow wand, which were disappointing to me. Not like the Disneyland ones. rainforest is looking gorgeous. Um I wanted to come over to Squirrels on the Water cuz I heard they had a new dolip. So, let's go check it out. Here's a few of the new things. They have peach raspberry sundae. Oh my goodness, that looks and sounds amazing. And then they have a strawberry lemon cone. Also looks really yummy. Be great today. It is hot. So pretty. Got the Disney Springs boat heading back over here. What a beautiful day. Well, I'm going to head back over to um the west side, the other side, since I'm parked over there anyhow. But um going to look for some place to eat. Maybe Starbucks, but we'll see. I also want to check out the Gideons line and maybe get the Gideonss cookie for this month. Let's go see what the line looks like. It is almost 1:00, like 2 minutes till, so it's probably pretty long, but the crowds aren't bad today, so maybe we'll get lucky. Well, the line is pretty long. Probably go pretty pretty quick, but it is hot today, so we might skip it today. We'll see. But I am going to go find some lunch for sure. Here is the menu that they have right now. So, the new one is the turtle cookie, which has uh it's chocolate homemade caramel candy pecans and sprinkled with signature sea salt. And of course, they have the ones that they normally do. Another new thing that uh just popped up is we have a Crazy Shake by Black Top that just opened and uh so it's like a little popup thing. They have a Black Top restaurant I believe in Disney, not Disney Springs, Downtown Disney, in Disneyland. So, it looks like they have Yes, of course. crazy milkshakes with a Mickey shake. That's what that looks like. So fun. Chocolate, vanilla, strawberry, Nutella, peanut butter cookie, Fruity Pebbles, and Oreos, cookies, and cream. It doesn't look like they have any non-dairy. All right, I'm sweating. I think we're going to go into Starbucks, get a seat inside, and just have Starbucks lunch. It is a warm, warm day. Let's get up to 90. The flower wall here is so pretty. Love it. Love it. Well, I was really boring and I just got Starbucks human Swiss croissant, but I did get one of their new Oop, it's sticking. One of their new treats, the uh berry blondie. So, I'm excited to try that. We'll get it out here in a minute. So, here is my berry blondie. It looks really good. It smells really good. Don't know what kind of berries in here, but I'm seeing some seeds and maybe raspberry. I don't know. Or blueberry. They don't have seeds though, do they? Maybe it's a mix of berries. Let's try it. Okay. >> M. Okay, that is really good. Got a nice berry flavor. The blondie is delicious. I will get that again. >> Well, Starbucks was good as usual. Um, did not get my coffee yet, but I will need one here soon. Um, the berry um what was it? Berry Blondie. Oh my goodness, that was better than I was expecting. Kind of on the lines of like a uh what do they call them? Like a cobbler is what it tastes like to me. Just a little bit um sweet but not overly sweet. Delicious. All right, guys. Well, that is it for our video here today at Disney Springs. Hope you guys enjoyed coming along with me and checking out what's new for the month of March. So, there wasn't a ton of new things, but a few things here and there, and I'd love love to come back and try um some of the new Dole Whips that they have on Swirls on the Water. So, let us know in the comments what you would need if you were here shopping with us today. And uh definitely hit that subscribe button and the thumbs up. it. We'll see you guys soon. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Go check out our sponsors mikblog.com and miktravels.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning advice. miktravels.com to book your next trip to Disney. Also, resortv1homes.com. If you're wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resorttv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy. go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realator for you in the area that you're looking. And our last sponsor, David Vacation Club Rentals at dbcrequests.com/tv. If you're wanting to book a stay at a Disney Deluxe Villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out again at dbcrequest.com/tv. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
