---
video_id: 26UCJhFgrLM
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Magical Monday at the Magic Kingdom - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 2-9-26"
published: 2026-02-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26UCJhFgrLM
---
Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live today for Magical Monday here at the Magic Kingdom. Welcome in everybody. Before we get too far into the video, I want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all the social media or Resort TV1 on all the things. Welcome in, guys. Let's go get this beautiful day started. So, we just walked in. Thought why not start. The train is out. Such a pretty view there. Let's walk through here. Here you leave today and enter the world of yesterday, tomorrow, and fantasy. >> Here we go. >> Hi, Benjamin. Hi, Cat. Uh, Caitlyn. Hi, Da. Anthony is here. Hello. Seems to be fairly busy. We're going to find out as we go along here. But man, it's beautiful out right now. The Dapper Dans are over there singing. Love Main Street on a morning here at Disney. Ah, thank you, Apple Dude. Yeah, speaking of Martyra, we're going to have a vlog over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Won't be a premiere, but it's going to go up at 1:00. So, you know, right after you're done watching the stream, go over and check out the vlog. And we have a very big announcement at the end of that video. So definitely stay tuned for the vlog on Adventures of Jenn and Dale. >> Hi Dr. Dad. Hi Meg. Oh, I think the trolley's coming. Hi Denise. Hi Dopey fan. Mega Byron. Tony. Oh Mr. Young Dude. Emmy William. >> Hi Caleb. Hi Daryl. Hi Dan. Hi Jay. Hersel and Margie. So pretty. Hey, Becky, you're here. You're in the neighborhood. That's amazing. >> Good morning. >> Good morning. So pretty. I wonder who's the horse today. Let's see. Uh Cal. It is Cal the horse. Don't think they're doing any rides today, but >> I guess we can ask. >> Are you guys doing rides today? >> We are done with our guest. >> No worries. Thank you so much. >> All done. Hi, Amy. >> It is like a double feature. That's right. Oh, so pretty. Okay, well, let's go continue on our journey. So, um it's so funny today, >> but we had an amazing um Gallentine's this weekend. Jesse Mouse did an amazing job with all our friends today hanging out. Oh, not today, Saturday. Hanging out Gallentines. So, today Sharon and I didn't even plan this, but we decided to continue the Gallentine and uh wear matching ears. >> Of course. >> Of course. >> We didn't talk to each other. >> Nope. Didn't plan. But I do have Sharon here today. We're gonna have a great day. It's gorgeous. >> All right. >> Well, I'm about ready to take off my sweatshirt already. It's >> It's so nice today. >> The sun is amazing. >> Beautiful. >> Hope you guys can feel it through the stream. >> We're going to have a great week here this week. It's supposed to get up to almost 80 couple days. >> So, I'm here for that after our cold. >> Finally. I know. Hi, Diana. Hi, Stacy. Hi, Danise. Hi, Miss Dizzy fan. All righty. Well, let's walk down Main Street USA. What do you guys think? We'll give you some sights and sounds. So, I won't chat as we go down. You guys can hear all the music as we walk down and then we'll chat with you once we get to the castle. How about that? >> Hello, Tim. How are you? How about a Oh, Mr. Mr. Young Dude sent $20. He says, "Coffee." Thank you. Oh, Mr. Young Dude, that is so sweet of you. Thank you so much for the first super chat. That is so sweet. >> People had that idea, too. >> Yes. Oh my goodness. Look at that line. The first super chat of the day. Really appreciate that. Oh, Mr. Yandu. Thank you. Hi, Lisa. >> Hi, Eden. I also wish we could pump in the smells for you guys cuz back there we got a candy smell. Now we're getting a coffee smell. It's great. little bit. We'll get the popcorn. >> We don't have it up by >> Yeah, the line is out the door. >> All right. Well, I'm just going to keep chatting with you now since we already are chatting. Why not? I'm trying to figure out where to head to first. >> I did notice that um The rides don't look too bad, actually. I saw Peter Pan was only 35. Oh, Tim says, "Congrats to Sharon on her win last night." >> Yes, and a big congrats to the Seahawks last night. I uh I caught little glimpses here and there. I was editing my vlog so I could put that out today, but I did see a little bits and pieces that Dale was watching. Hi, Disney Files. It was very awesome. Hi, Britney. >> You smell the merch? That's awesome, Darl. I love that. So, the temp, let's check. Somebody was asking what the temp is out currently. So, let's look. It is 64. Feels like 64. So, it's not warm warm, but in the sun, it feels nice. It feels warm, too. >> Yeah, I agree. It's not breezy, so I know that helps. Incoming. Hello. Hello, everybody. Welcome. and welcome in. So, everybody say good morning to Walt. Oh, yeah. They're not doing the castle show, I don't think, because of the painting. However, it is still pink at the moment. I think they've got some gray on one of the sides. But I wonder if we can get on this bus. Let's go check. That would be fun. Sorry. Let's go see if we can get on this bus. >> We're not going to get our front seat, but that's okay. >> We can't go in yet because there's a >> No, you're fine. >> Oh, sorry. Sorry. I was just going to get on the bus real quick. >> Sorry. >> Thank you. You're welcome. >> Are you going back up to the >> trip? >> Perfect. Thank you. >> Watch your head. >> All right, we made it. >> Oh, how sweet. We get the front row. Look at that. Awesome. I'm so excited. We made it. Yay. >> All right, guys. Haven't done the is it omnibus, I think they call it, in a while. Oh my goodness. >> I think it's a kineta. >> I think you're right. Well, look at that light. And is that a camera? >> Holy moly. >> It's a camera and a light. >> Oh my goodness. That dress is gorgeous. It's like one I had on my Barbie. >> That is really pretty. So pretty. We've got cheer groups here. Lots of people here. Lots of people. >> All righty. Good morning and welcome aboard the Omnibus. So, right now we are getting ready to work our way back down Main Street USA. While on the board, we just want to make sure you are remaining seated, keeping all hands, arms, legs, and feet inside the vehicle, making sure we're not eating, drinking, and smoking. And supervise any small children. If you have any small children with you, or whichever one of the party members is more mischievous, you stand on top of that person. Sharon. Apparently Jenna needs to keep an eye on me. >> Hey Amara. Hey Vicki. Hey Benjamin. Louisa. Love pugs. >> All right guys, here we go. Enjoy the ride. Oh yeah, this is going to be tough. This is when I'm glad I'm not a driver. >> We're going to get some great views. Enjoy. Um, it usually only runs in the mornings usually and sometimes it doesn't run. So, you just kind of got to be lucky and catch it. doing really tough. >> It really would. Everybody's taking pictures, of course. And >> here we go. This is going to be the hardest part. Look at all those people. Sheila, I'm not sure when the cheer groups um how long they're here. I'm not sure. I know. It's so squishy. >> Holy moly. >> I know. Just keep swimming. >> Hurts the people. >> Yep. >> Exactly. All righty. So, right now we are halfway down Main Street, USA. Just please make sure to remain seated until I get that all clear when it is safe to do so. I was like, "What is that? Mommy. Well, that's Do we stop here? Maybe. Maybe. I bet he is. Cuz usually they stop back there. >> It's probably getting too peoplely for them. >> Yep. >> Continue. >> Oh, that's awesome. Mel Mel's been starting this year going back and watching old Resort TV one live stream. >> Starting from the first one. Okay, that's fun. >> That's actually really fun. >> I love that idea to see you guys. >> And it's fun to see what was in the park, too. >> That's true. Oh, it's a good point. Yeah. Hi, Evan. All right, guys. Whenever they give us all clear, we will. >> All righty. We have made it back down to town square. And right now, we are all clear to disembark. Just please use the handrails coming down from the second floor. And I'll be back down in a moment to get that roll. >> We got this. Got a duck. I can almost stand up if I didn't have my ears on. Oh, that was so fun. All right. >> Okay. >> All right. Thank you. >> Going to be a big step. >> All right. Thank you so much. Thank you. >> Thank you so much. >> Thank you so much. >> Are you okay for us? >> Okay. I think we got the last ride. >> He was very nice. >> He was so sweet. What a nice guy. Cast member. All right. Well, no. It wasn't a special ride. Anybody could have been on it, but we felt special because we were the only ones on it. So fun. >> Okay. Well, let's head back down Main Street. I mean, you can't get tired of Main Street. Let's look at the wait times again as we head down here. That was our first ride of the day. I think it was pretty awesome. Good morning. We have the stream on the background while babysitting. Looks like a beautiful day. It is. When Tim saw the crowd, he goes, "We're not going to make it." And now he just said, "We made it." >> We did, Tim. We did. >> That was quite a crowd for the driver. >> Right. Uh, I agree. That was a lot of people's. >> Well, I mean, wait, Peter Pan is 30 minutes. That just Oh, no. No. I'm sorry. That's That is Peter Pan. Let's walk by it. We'll see what it looks like. I mean, it's still still 30, but it's not That's not bad for Peter Pan. So, >> the queue is is fun. >> Really fun things to look at. >> So, we'll go we'll go check it. If not, there's always other rides we can do. Hi, Lisa. Happy Monday. Pirates is down, so we can't do that. >> Um, there was another one. Oh, Winnie the Pooh is down. Tim's on a dinosaur kick. He said, "I knew he would." >> Uh, uh, Hershel and Margie, Marshall, as I like to call them, want me to say hi to you. >> Hi, Marshall. >> Happy Monday. >> Yes, happy Monday, everybody. >> We call it Super Bowl Monday. >> That's right. Super Bowl Monday or Magical Monday, whatever you guys want to call it. >> Magical Super Bowl Monday. >> That's it. Magical Super Bowl Monday. So, if the path next to the castle is open, we'll go that way. It doesn't look like we can go through the castle, which is fine. We'll go around the side. What happened to the fire department postcarriage? Um, it comes out every once in a while, too. So you just have to look look out for it. Most of the time all the main street vehicles are out in the morning and then around this time they start taking them out because it does get so crowded. >> Yeah. >> Too many people. >> Yeah, as you could tell it was really hard for him to get down Main Street. >> Oh, victory Monday. Amara says, "I like that." >> I like that. Amara. >> Yeah. Kelsey says, "Going to Disney at the end of May with my dad and my kids. Hoping to catch you this time." Oh, we'd love that. Hope so, too. >> Super magical Monday, Tim says. Uh, so Andrew, I showed our ears at the beginning of the stream, but I can I can selfie again here. >> Hello. I have my Valentiny one. So, I've got mini Valentine and then the main tree Valentine. And Sharon has the same. She just got both hearts. I flipped one of the hearts around. >> Yes, it does have both both sides. Yeah, it's reversible. >> Um Oh, I guess we could go that way, huh? Sorry, guys. That was a closeup. There we go. That's better. Good morning, Zelina. I'm glad, Catalina. All right. So, again, if you guys missed it, I do have a vlog coming out. Dale and I have a vlog we did together on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. We have a really big announcement on the end of the vlog. So, we're we're going to Marty Girl. We're showing you all the Marty Gro fun at Universal. We tried some food, we did some shopping, went to the tribute store, and then a huge announcement. So, make sure you watch till the end of the video. You don't want to miss it. And that will be coming out at 1:00. It's not a premiere. You can go and watch it anytime. 1:00 and after. Go over and bop the like button and leave a comment. We'd really appreciate it. No worries, Andrew. >> Yep. I'm going to have to shed a layer here in a second. >> Mhm. I guess I guess it'd be just quicker to go this way, huh? >> This way. >> Well, I think this way >> cuz Peter Pan's just kind of like right >> like right there. Yeah. >> This way, guys. >> Uh, no. No hints. You just got to go watch the vlog. No hints. No hints. >> What do you think, guys? >> Yeah, it's fairly busy today. Today was not a good to go day on um you had if you're an annual pass, you had to, you know, book your reservation. Um but the rest of the week, I think I saw Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday maybe, or at least Tuesday, Wednesday are good to go days. So >> hopefully they're thinking it's going to slow down a little bit. >> Oh, that's fun. Artist Studios. I love Legos. We got all the construction over here. >> Yep. No hints allowed. Well, I just don't want to give it away. So, just go watch the video when it comes out at 1:00. The anticipation will be real. >> But I love the the guessing. >> Yes, you could guess. >> I'm that way, too. >> But I will not say yes or no. >> Do this. >> Yeah. Yeah, you can totally put some guesses in there, but I won't tell you if it's right or wrong. You just got to go watch that video. Mar says, "Your hint is that it's a huge announcement." I like that. >> I like it. >> Yeah, totally. Okay. The way this looks, I don't think Peter Pan's going to be 30. The Haunt Mansion line is way out here. However, we stood in that one day and it wasn't too bad. >> No, it did move faster than Yeah, >> it looked. >> Mhm. >> Sure did. Huge announcement. I bet Adventure is out there somewhere. That's right, Tim. >> Sure is. >> Okay. There must have been a bee cuz they were like ducking and running. >> I was trying to figure out what that was all. >> Well, hello in the Philippines. How are you today? >> Oh, no, no, no, no, no. >> That's Peter Pan. Okay. No, that's not 30. The yap was wrong. when the other rides go down. >> Yeah. >> Wow. >> That would be a no. I forgot to get my new um annual passholder magnet. Sharon would even told me, she asked this morning. She's like, "You get it?" I was like, "Oh, no. I forgot." >> I need to go get my And I need to go get my Disney one at Animal King. >> I got that one. Yeah, >> I did remember that. >> Well, >> I guess there's always people moving. Oh my word. Look, Wendy and Peter Pan. A hello. How are you? So fun. Usually don't see them together. That was cute. >> Universal does sell pens. Yes. They don't do pen trading really, but they sell the pins. Wow. Even this is 35. Well, let's head to our go-to people mover. Can never go wrong. >> There's also Ariel. I know it'll lag, but we could go back and do aerial. What do you guys think? It's a fun ride. Just got to be ready for the lag. >> The lag never bothered us anyway. Looks like it's Oh, 15. Let's go do it. Even if it lags. Oh, hello. Hello. How are you? Hello. >> I know. Tim, you got to get your magnets. Don't forget when you're here. I'm hoping when I go back, Universal will still have their magnet. >> I love the Marty girl magnet. >> It's countdown time for Tim. >> It is countdown time. Tim will be here soon. Tim, feet don't fail me now. Feet don't fail me now. I'm so excited for that parade. And we get to be in the float this year. >> Yes. >> Oh my goodness. So, we did try we tried to go get Dale added to the >> float. So, here's what happened, guys. So, they put out the annual passholder float riding reservations, and it was at a certain day, certain time. Last year, we tried, couldn't get them. They were gone. This year, we actually got them, and I was in there, whatever. I had put Dale and I and Kelly and Ivonne and Sharon was putting, you know, everyone else on her side of the reservation. And um anyways, it said, "One of your one of your people um ticket has expired." And I'm like, "What?" And then I was like, "Oh my word, I bet it's Dale." So I took him off and then it let me make the reservation. Um, so over that way. There we go. Perfect. Um, so I looked and yes, Dale's reservation was >> or Dale's sorry, Dale's pass was expired and they would not let me make a reservation and it was too late to to up his ticket cuz he was going to anyway to get the reservation. So anyway, I went into guest services, just ask. I figured why why not? It doesn't hurt. They said no. I figured, but oh well. They did say if there's a walk up available, sometimes they'll do that. That he's he could do that. But it's a Saturday. I'm doubting there'll be no walkups. >> Oh well. What what will be fun though is maybe he can film us on the float and then I will film from the float. So you'll get both perspectives. So that'll be fun. All right. >> Plus, we'll be on the sidelines. >> Yeah. Oh, that's true. You'll be there, too. >> Jenna and I got different days. >> Yes. >> We're like, we're like Saturday and Sunday. Cuz we had said either Saturday or Sunday, >> right? So, when we first started booking them, we said, "Well, let's do Saturday." And so, that's the one I got cuz I thought, "All right, I'm going to grab that one." And I was hoping everybody else would. Well, they were gone by the time >> Sharon got in and Jesse got in. And so they're doing Sunday. >> Yep. >> Dale and No, not Dale. Me, Kelly, and Ivonne are doing Saturday. >> So we'll just be each other's cheerleaders. >> That's right. >> Exactly. And then we can throw all the beads at each other. >> Yes. >> Love this plan. Hi, Bren. Uh, not Brendan. Bren Brendo. Hello. >> I can throw the beads at Dale. Exactly. >> He won't mind. >> All right, guys. Little Mermaid and then we'll go to people mover. >> Wow, today is gorgeous. >> Going to go in Cinderella. Not Cinderella. Ariel's and Eric's castle. >> Hello. My favorite princess. Tim says, "Someone can go with me. I'm all alone." Ah, Tim, I wish >> they won't let you make more than one reservation, I don't think. >> Well, you could do a standby. Like, if somebody could come and try standby with you, >> cuz then we tried to put you on our reservation and it wouldn't let us cuz you already had a reservation. >> Exactly. Yep. They won't let you get more than one. >> Tricky. >> Yeah, it was tricky. And it's not easy. Like you have to have everybody's annual pass number >> and it takes a while to put all the things in. So anyway, >> oh awesome. Jedi master, that'll be fun. >> Made a word document. Copy and paste. Copy and paste. Copy and paste. >> I should do that next year. Hi Karen. >> Oh, we'd love that, too. Definitely come say hello. I've been >> I was actually surprised that we brought reservations. Me, too. because we didn't we didn't do the dining package and I just figured, oh, they'll be gone by the time we try. I wasn't even really trying that hard. >> I know. It uh it was gone last year, so that's why we assumed we wouldn't even get them. >> But we got them, so we were excited. >> Hi, Willie. >> Ariel is your favorite princess, too. Nice. Thanks for visiting my castle. You're welcome, Eric. >> Wow. Okay. Well, 10:28. We'll see. >> Yeah. >> So pretty. Thanks for a thousand in the chat. Keep on sharing out the stream. let everybody know I'm live today for Magical Monday. Um the parades are usually in the evening, usually around 5 or 7 for Marty, so might be doing a stream from there soon. So stay tuned. They also have a new um meet and greet at Universal for Marty Girl this year, Prince Gator. And uh stay tuned for the vlog. We might we might have gotten to meet him. Hey, Mommy Diva. How are you? >> How hard is it to get a ticket for Run Disney that goes on sale tomorrow? Oh, is it the wine and dine? >> It's pretty stressful. I'm not going to lie. >> The queue opens tomorrow. >> Does it open tomorrow? I don't think we're going to do that one this year. Um, but yes, be on it early cuz sometimes they'll put you they'll let you go in the queue early. So, just be on early. Keep refreshing. 5K. Well, 5Ks used to be the hardest and now they've added more 5Ks. Um, so maybe they won't be as hard, but 10Ks and up you they all sell out. So, hey, >> it is a gorgeous day, isn't it? Hi, Plymouth Rock. How are you? >> Where you going? >> I'm doing well, Mommy Diva. Thank you for asking. >> Oh, it doesn't look like we're >> in here. Then maybe back here. Yeah. >> I hope you get it, too, Sheila. Which one are you trying to get? >> All right, guys. Also, check out one of our awesome sponsors. If you're wanting to book a trip right here to Walt Disney World, go check out mickeyras.com. They will help you book your trip. And it won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself. They help you for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, book it with mickeyras.com. Um, I'm going to be on the float this Saturday, uh, after the princess round, I think. >> Yeah, 28th. We're on March 1st. >> March 1st. Okay, >> there you go. >> Me, Jesse, and Jesse. The two the two Jesse. >> Uhhuh. And Julian, right? >> Julian. >> Yeah. >> And Andy. Andy. Andy got on that once. But >> apparently he and Dale made other plans. >> Yes. So they he might not be on the float after all. >> We're hoping we might be able to substitute Jenna. >> That would be so awesome. Good. Transformer dad, hello. Can you share your warm weather? It is -20. Oh my goodness. I wish we could. We really do. So guys, um, stay tuned. I'm gonna do a little switcheroo with the connection. I'm going to be switching to Wi-Fi, so don't go anywhere. It's going to look like lag, but uh, it'll be right back. All right, guys. You should be back. Let me know. It's >> so dark in here. >> After being outside. Oh, thanks, man. Transition from outside. >> Thanks, Amara. Yeah. I'll >> turn down my screen. That'll help, too. >> Here we go. >> Scuttle's sleeping still. I don't blame him. It's early. It's Monday. >> Good deal, Sheila. Yeah, whenever they're both available at 10:00. I usually try to be on an hour early. Now, usually doesn't open that early, but just so I am ready. You know that you're logged in, you're signed in, you're ready. Exactly. Except water, >> right? >> Well, usually we have Guttle right here, but again, I think he's enjoying a little bird nap. >> World pizza day. I love that Plymouth Rock. We might need pizza. I think so. I like pizza. >> You're ready to be there in here in July? Awesome. >> Colin will not watch the parade. Okay, Colin. No worries. You don't have to. That's funny. It's a great parade. >> You haven't been since 2002. Oh my goodness. You got to come ride the Little Mermaid. It's a fun ride. >> Okay, this didn't take long. >> They didn't have all the inside queue. It was deceiving. It was. >> Oh, so guys, it does lag in the ride, so just stay tuned. I will fix it as best I can. >> Oh my goodness, Tim. That's exciting. Also pricey. for again when it comes when it comes available. Dopey, >> Tim, no Tim, not me. >> No, I got to I got to get a half marathon first. I've never done one of those. >> I do want to try it though. >> You can do it. >> I don't know. >> We'll see. You can walk faster than anything. True. Unless I need a restroom. >> You know, otherwise then yeah, I probably >> All right, guys. Here we go. >> That's right. Jedi Messi. When you go under the sea, the signal just doesn't like it. step. >> They put four people in that. I was wondering if that was going to work. >> I know. I know. >> I saw him holding his fingers up. >> That's why I kind of >> It didn't make sense to me. >> That's why I held back a minute cuz I was like, they're not going to fit. But then they told me to go. All right, guys. Enjoy the ride. Here we go. Wait, let me start the list. Wait, no. What am I thinking? That's a terrible place to start a story. I'll just tell you how it is. Well, wait. I got an idea. I'll start at the beginning. I was born. My story. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. But they said before one day when they get hungry You don't know. Yeah. We sent her to Ursula. fortress. So it's sitting here. She got a lot to see, but there's something about her. You don't know why you die to try one. Heat. Heat. All right. Ever after you. We hope you had a wonderful time to your left now. There you are. Hope you had a wonderful time. Thank you. >> All right, that was so fun. >> Love that ride. >> Me, too. >> Does lag a little, but it's a good ride. >> Also, does anyone else still wave at the animatronics when they're waving at you? >> I know. I love that. That was cute. I do when I'm not streaming. Okay. >> Yeah, cuz I have more hands. You know, >> when we when we rode dino for the last time, I was waving at all the dinos. >> I was like, "Bye, dinos." >> I was sad for those dinos. >> All right, guys. Let me switch the connection again. You might get a little blip. >> It was fast. >> All right. Should be back for less than 10 minutes. >> Yeah, that was awesome. That went way quicker than I was expecting. Oh my goodness gracious. And the sun hit you. >> Oh yeah. Beautiful. >> So good. >> Well, oops. I might find a place to pull over here in a minute and uh hand share in the stream cuz I'm going to take off a sweatshirt. >> Yes, >> I have a sweatshirt and a long sleeve and I don't need both at the moment. And then we'll head to the people mover. Oh, good. Just the quick flip. I love it. Always fun to go into the >> story book area as well. So maybe we'll go do that. >> It's right around the corner. >> Yep. It's busy today. It's a busy one. I know this used to be the nice time to check out empty parks. Now it is almost 11. So I would say if you get here at like, you know, 8:30, 9:00, it's probably still pretty low crowds. All right, let's pull over here and I'm going to hand you guys to Sharon. She can enjoy a view over here of whatever you want. Think of Dumbo. >> Boxer dogs club. Yes, it is a beautiful day. Hi, Megan. Mega Byron. Sorry. Hello, Amara. Good morning. Almost ready to take off the other one, too. Is >> that warm? Goodness. >> Can you even see? It's so bright. >> Nope. Can't see. It's so bright. That's okay. Good morning, Chris Dumbo. Good morning, Jedi Master Jason. I wish we could send this sunshine and perfect temperature to all of you that are having super super cold cold winter. >> So, too. >> All right. Thank you very much. >> The snow will be good for the water, you know. supply later on though. >> That's true. That is very >> It serves a good purpose. >> It sure does. All right, guys. Well, we might as well go in the big top. >> Might as well. >> I had to get my my sunnies out. Is that right? See what? Oh, this is cute. You might need this. Isn't that pretty? >> It's like subtle, but it's really >> pretty. Oh, sturdy. >> Yeah, it is very It's not as >> lightweight and fluffy as I thought it would be. It's like a really serious blanket. >> Yeah. Or just like a decoration >> like a woven couch or whatever. >> Exactly. >> It's very pretty. Let's go see what ears they have. They're probably all the same, but you know, it's always worth checking. >> Yeah, it does. Love these ears. >> That is really cool. Really pretty. >> These are pretty. Of course, these They have a ton of these now. So, if you didn't get the castle ears, they're back in stock. The giant bow one is back. Hi, Glenn. I feel like they took it away and now brought it back out. Like, okay, maybe new people will buy it. >> Oh, this is cute. Minnie Mouse hat. >> I like the pink one, too. >> Where the or Oh, it's white. Sorry. >> Oh, I was going to say >> this was reflecting off it. >> I was like, maybe my glasses didn't like show it. >> Wait, does your glasses make it look pink? >> It didn't, actually. That's why I was confused. I'm like, maybe it makes them not look pink. If you guys don't know, here, let me show you the glasses I have on, too. >> They're in my >> So, I like these because they help a little with shade, but then I can also read the chat. And they're just cute. >> Exactly. They're just cute. >> They're just cute. Did you get the villains ones? >> No. >> They're cute, too. >> I was tempted. >> Mhm. >> I really do like them. >> I do. >> I still didn't get these for Villains Land, but these are really cute when it opens. Yeah. Trisha cat. >> These are really cute. >> Just checking in to say hi. Hi, Dis Magic. How are you? >> Hi, Tony. Happy Monday. >> Um, all right. Let's go this way today. I still love this sweatshirt. >> Me, too. >> I love the color. I just love the classic. >> I agree. It's >> just classic. >> Classic. wear it with a lot of different >> and it's one of those nice um soft soft ones. I love that they brought these back too cuz when we were a kid those were >> what you know you'd find those everywhere. >> Huh. >> Thanks. I really like that. Isn't that fun? I wonder if this would cover up the >> You know how in Florida they just changed the the law that your license plate bracket is not supposed to cover up the word Florida? I doubt it would. >> You You would think they would have it. >> Yeah. >> But who knows? I guess >> it's hard to find a really thin bracket that doesn't cover the important stuff. >> That's true. I didn't cover anymore. >> Oh, look at this. It goes with the blanket. That is adorable. >> So cute. Kind of almost like a >> $39.99. That's not bad. >> What you call this? Like a >> like twill twill. >> Yeah. I love that. Always wanted a license plate holder like that. It is. It's so cute. This is adorable for the kiddos. And this so cute. You love the license plate cover. They did have the Minnie Mouse bags in here. I wonder if they still do. >> Yeah. Oh, that's a Yeah, the mini mini bag. Hey, Mom Rimple. How are you? She says, "Congrats on the Seahawks." >> Oh, thank you. Maybe over here. Let's look. Oh, yep. Oh, they're Mickey's, >> which is fine. I got my Mickey. He's adorable. >> It's really cute. This is a good size. >> Yeah, it really is. >> It still holds a lot, but it's not massive. >> I'm going to have to get a water cuz I forgot one >> and I am thirsty. It is. >> I don't think so. >> Okay. >> But I might be able to get one from a quick service. Yeah, >> that's a good call. Then I wouldn't have to carry it. I'm having I was telling Sharon, I'm having issues with my back from the gimbal and my bag backpack being heavy. >> I'm getting old. That's it. >> Well, I would like to be as old as you are. >> Oh, okay. One day. Look at Oswald. You don't see him very often. He's cute. >> Julian, >> I know. How much? $299.99. Yes.$39. >> $30. I like got the thing out and then it fell. >> That's really cute. >> I love that. >> Welcome in. If you're just joining doing a little shopping, then we're going to head to the People Mover. Stepped on something. A That's cute. I like that, Simba. They've got candy. They got food. They've got all the yummies in here. Of course, all these yummies. Is that what you want? >> I do want to try that strawberry peanut butter pie thing sometime. >> Which one? >> Remember we got to try a piece of it on Main Street? It was like a cookie. >> Oh, that was so good. >> Right. I want a whole one >> or half of one. >> Yes. They were giving away free samples. >> They were all the Jiminies. And the one you just >> He's been selling out. So you need it. It's right here. >> Yeah. >> All right. Well, >> I'm going to have to shed this one, I think. And then we'll head to People Mover. Your sister Lori wants to come for the Christmas party. Awesome. You will love it. They're so fun. All right, I'm going to pass this back to Sharon again cuz I layers. I've got to get rid of this one. I thought this would be fine, but nope. It is warm. >> We're not complaining. >> Oh, that's a good question. Jenna, has mom opened her poo box yet? Okay. Nope. Mom has not opened her box yet. So, we'll uh I'm sure Jenna will fill you in on what she got. >> No, like color. Okay. I always like >> It's so funny. I saw another paper yesterday and I was like, I'm not going to say hi. I'm not going to say hi. But I do watch you. >> No, thank you. >> Every time I want to be jealous, I'm like, yeah, let me watch you. >> Exactly. But nice meeting you. Thank you. Thank you, >> All right. Much better. All right. Thank you very much. Let's go to the people movers. The movers are the peoples. Unless we want to do Dumbo. How long? Oh, 20. That's not too bad. Let's go to People Mover. >> We could check the teacups on the way. >> Sometimes I walk, >> man. It just all of a sudden just bam, all the people came. >> It's more crowded than it normally is on a Monday in January. Like the middle of January, not around a three-day weekend. >> Exactly. Well, and I think a lot of people were sleeping in from the, you know, from the game and then now they're all like, "Yep, it's time to get out." >> If you hear a crying toddler in Disney, it's because the parents aren't doing a good enough job buying everything. I wondered where that was going. That's funny. That's funny. Too funny. That's probably true. They want all the things. >> They're crying. >> Uhhuh. >> Cuz you know, >> they spent all the money. >> Yeah. They went into uh debt for merch. >> Merch debt. >> Merch debt. Um it looks >> That's interesting. That's for the >> Oh, wow. >> Seven Dwarfs is all the way back here. Hi, Jacob. Um it's not bad, but let's just go to People Mover. >> It's not quite worth it. Long line. >> Yeah, it's People Mover time. You guys want to move some people? Oh, for sure. We can go in Uptown Jewelers. You don't have to twist my arm. >> Age of Retro says, "Thanks for turning the heat up for us, Jenna. We'll be there next week." Oh, that's so awesome. It is kind of hard to get in and out of, but >> it's a fun ride. >> It's a It's a test of our agility. >> Exactly. Hi, Gary. >> I know, right? Chris, look, buddy. All right. >> People mover time. Quado. >> Oh my goodness, they're so cute in their little outfit. A >> Well, they have a sign, too. >> That's cute. You know how they have like the dog agility test? >> Yes. >> I think in Disney there is the people agility test and it's like getting in and out of Tomorrowland Speedway, getting in and out of space, >> getting on and off of Tron. >> Yes, those are the agility tests. >> The cars on Seven Dwarfs Mine Train, they're kind of small. >> They are squishy. Yes, especially if you have long legs. They're a little squishy. Hi, Elizabeth. Doug says it was -6 this morning. Oh my goodness. Oh, good. You're coming here. That's awesome. >> It's a good way to get away from all that cold. I did that. I always come when I lived in Indiana. I would always come for spring break to visit mom and dad and get away from the cold the snow. Chloe would come with me. It was always a fun little little trip. Mom and dad would pick us up. And then I remember one year specifically, we were, you know, we hung out for the whole week. It was beautiful, of course, cuz when is it not beautiful here in April? It was hot, short weather. Um, got on the plane to go back. We flew into South Bend at the time and I remember the the plane went below the clouds and there was snow everywhere and the whole plane went like a big ug. It was so funny. Like, no. >> Too funny. >> So, I feel your pain. I get it. Two weeks is always the last week of February and the first week of March. The best weather. Yeah, it is some of the best weather. However, one week at the end of March or sorry, at the end of February last year for the princess race was freezing. So, we're hoping for better weather for the princess race this year. >> Let's go see. >> Hey, Jace. Hi, Tracy. spacecraft. There's really nothing like today. >> Got a space ranger spin still under construction, >> but it is coming soon. Can't wait. >> You know, another thing we could do today if it's not long is a laugh floor. I don't do that very often, but it's so fun. >> I know. We should try We should try that today. >> We'll see. That's awesome, Sandra. We could also do this more than once. I love this. >> Yeah, not bad at all for the people mover today. I am here for this. Hey, put in. How are you? So guys, we have 1,400 people watching, almost 500 likes. Let's pop that like button. Also, hit that subscribe button if you're new to the channel. We'd love to add you. Thank you. That's so sweet. >> Hey, Dillard Dis. How are you guys? >> You can spot the Northerners. They're all in t-shirts and tank tops. Hey, I'm in a short sleeve shirt now. >> You forgot to bop it. Well, that is why we have to tell you. That's why I like to remind you. No worries. Laugh floor is 10 minutes. Okay. Love it. >> Well, we're about to move some people. I have fulfilled my boobing duties. Thank you so much, Jedi Master. Maybe we could do a rapid fire bop. See how many more we can get. We already got 20 more from me just saying. So, that was awesome. Thanks, guys. All right. Well, let's do a rapid fire bop again. Close out of the chat, find the thumbs up, and bop it. Only bop it once, though, because if you bop it more than once, it takes the like away, and we don't want to do that. So, are you guys ready? Are you sick? The like button and subscribe if you're new. That's right. We're moving people and then we might go laugh on the floor. I love this plan. That's awesome. Would you say the first week of March or second half of April is better? They're both kind of squishy. Um, all pretty much all of March and April are pretty busy for spring breakers cuz it's all over the place when schools go on break. I think middle of March is when Orange County, which is where Disney is, goes on spring break. Middle of March somewhere in there. And then around Easter is usually when the Midwest goes on um spring break on the West Coast. Okay. So, it's all different. Hard to say. The first week of March might be. >> Okay. Maybe the first week before >> that would be colleges though. >> Oh yeah. >> If a lot of college people don't come here for spring break, but some do. >> So I did. >> All right. Well, as we're waiting to go up, let's talk about um resort tv1homes.com. If you guys are wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resort TV1s.com. Go over there, fill out the information form. We'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Resort TV1homes.com. Guys, go check us out and get the process started. Tim says end of April, first week of May. Okay, I can see that. Nobody's out of school yet. >> Oh, yes. We used to come early May because school wasn't out on the west coast at least yet. finish here. >> Yeah. Not No, >> it's usually June. Like end of May, first of June. >> Oh, awesome. Sheila, hello. Usually >> I'm a Flurryian. Go there for spring break. I've not had a problem getting what I wanted done. Yeah. I mean, you can still come when it's busy and get the stuff done that you want. There's strategies to it. Get up early. Stay late. >> Um, >> get lightning lanes if you want. Cost more, of course. >> You can still have a good time if it's busy. >> Enjoy your >> Hello. >> Hi. >> Right here. All right, >> I got my uh >> So, Magic Co bag, guys. Go check her out. She makes amazing bags >> shirts. She has some really cute shirts, too. >> I found I think I sent it to you. Our um princess shirt I want to wear next year. It's from So Magic. It's really cute. So, I think we need to order ahead. >> Plan ahead. Exactly. Hi, K. Please step carefully onto the moving platform. Then step into the car. Remain seated at all times. >> All right guys, enjoy the people we were feet legs and other appendages inside your car and please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. >> The bag is from So Magico. if one of the moppers wants to post a link. She's got amazing bags, amazing uh shirts, and different accessories. >> All right, enjoy. >> This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around. >> Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Ror 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see Tomorrowland and my stars is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to monster lamps, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizer. Attention travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain amazing. >> Thank you. >> What do I do with them if I have a jetpack? They didn't tell me. >> We'll never know. >> Oh, I love him. He's one of our favorite. >> Oh, that guy. Oh, hello. >> That's funny. >> I thought you meant the cast member. He's the one that always says um paparazzi and blows bubbles. Maybe that is uh Steve that just said, "We're on the People Mover, too, just in front of you." And then we had uh Lindo Lind who's behind us and said, "Yay. Thanks for saying goodness." >> Oh, you're welcome. >> Just got home from Disney last night. Hope you had time or had time. I hope you had time to have fun. I meant I hope you have fun. Wow, it's Monday. The weather is gorgeous today. I would say it's probably 65 by now, but let's look. Oh, no. 69. Ah, it's going to be warmer than they thought today. Yay. Amazing. Take it. Yes. All right, guys. Here we go. Enjoy. Yes. >> The next station is online urban planning and star trade. Transfer to free and red line. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future right by two of my favorite spots. >> Train in the water. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny borax. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy, except actual stars. Those are now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Life Cycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Attention all visitors from Galaxy F31. Please keep clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. This is Starport 75 or as we locos call Space Mountain, our highest speed deep space destinations. >> Here we go, guys. >> I love when the lights are on. >> I'd love to ride this with the lights on. >> Yes. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral moons of Pisces 7. You HQ owe it to yourself. Book today. No one's looking. >> Maybe they're get Maybe that's the track. >> Yeah. And you just don't hear it because the music. >> I don't hear any. >> No, I don't think it's going. >> There's not people. >> Yeah, they're just maybe testing it. Let's look. >> So cool. >> That is so cool. >> Yep. I don't even see any cars at the moment. >> Oh. Engaging Mr. Marorrow, Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear and oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the astro orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. >> Above the land for a spin across the planets. Wow. Stitch Stitch is out. Oh, it smells like paint. >> Yep, that's strong. Must be coming from Buzz Lightyear, I guess. Hi, >> Shannon. Whe or nine, take the time to see this show. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come fully. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though you're concluded, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow today. See you in the future. There's Dale over in the corner. >> Nobody puts Dale in the corner. >> Hi. Please keep arms and tenny and other appendages away from >> and your timies. >> Timmy, >> oh no. >> Which apparently um stop like I didn't realize that people that Tim said people like >> please keep your timid remain seated until they go. You have a Timmy. Keep them in. >> Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> Well, two stops on the people hoover. It's not bad. >> Please keep arms and a good open. Okay. Not similar. Yes. >> Attention travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. >> You're welcome. >> Tron is 110 minutes, but small world pirates and space. >> Also, >> obviously space mountain. >> Yeah. Also, of course, Buzz and Thunder. So, there's a lot of rides operating. I mean, those two are getting referred, >> redone. But hopefully, there's a lot of rides here at Magic Kingdom. >> Yes. >> You know what I thought would be fun today? We have not done in a while, is go on the treehouse. >> Pretty day for that. >> I haven't done that for a long time. >> That'll be fun. Shannon says, "Sharon, congrats to your Seahawks. We certainly did not have our best game last night. A >> thank you. I got so distracted by the so magic website that my dog did something naughty and disgusting. Oh no. >> Okay, that's gross. >> I mean, if you're gonna be distracted, that's a good thing to do. >> That's a good Yeah, I agree. >> watching watching Jenna and Magic. >> Agreed. >> Totally agree with this. >> Okay, that's interesting. >> Yeah, I was trying. Oh, maybe they're going to close a car. Oh, yeah. Okay, you're right. >> Huh? >> The treehouse is a walk-on usually. Yes. Sometimes. Sometimes there could be a tiny little line, but not normally. >> What a gorgeous view. >> Well, hello David. How are you today? >> Good morning, David. Welcome in. Look, make sure >> did the same thing. >> I know. So close yet so far away. >> All right. Here we go. Caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. For your safety, >> please keep arms, antenny, and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away. >> Thank you. >> Love you. >> Thank you. >> Okay. Thank you, too. >> All righty. We did it. We made it off the people. Countdown to the anniversary trip. 83 days. Oh, stay at the Grand Flow. That's amazing. >> Perfect. >> I got to stay there one night. Well, I know. I stayed with the Tobins one time in the Grand Villa. >> You guys had that amazing scene. Um, but Josh and I got to stay one time in the regular for um the treasure media event right before we sailed on the treasure. >> That was pretty cool. >> It's such a beautiful property. Oh my goodness. It is beautiful. >> A good location. >> Very, very good location. Well, wow, look at all those people. I say let's go into the Tomorrowland shop. >> It's a must. >> It's a must. It's right here. And then we'll make our way over to the Adventure Land and uh Frontier Land cuz we haven't been over there yet. >> Okay. So, I'm on the lookout for that pink shirt that's Valentine looking. You know where Minnie and Mickey are like making a heart? >> I found it, but only large is on up. >> Okay. >> So, they're all out in the smaller sizes. I'm just hoping they'll get another one. She can wear that all year round. Really? Uh David says we stay there for our engagement in one of those octagonal rooms. I don't even know what that is, David, but that sounds amazing. Do you have pictures? Cuz I need to see this room. Oh, sure, Shannon. I can grab you a coffee. What? What do you want? >> What kind? >> Wait, what are we grabbing? >> A coffee >> for Shannon. >> I need one, too, Shannon. >> Yeah, >> let's go. Let's go get coffee. >> Let's go. I'm ready. I >> think we all need one, right? It's Monday. You need more than one on a Monday. >> Oh, definitely. >> I mean, I need more than one on a normal day, but Monday's for sure. Lisa says grand flow is my fave. >> It's gorgeous. My fave is Polly. >> But for convenience, contemporary. >> Great. >> They're all great though. Can't go wrong. Oh, they got the flowers here now. I think they're adorable. >> I'm a little obsessed. >> Oh, hi. How are you guys? We're on the People Mover. >> Good. How are you? >> Great. How are you? >> Good. I'm doing well. Well, it's a beautiful day out today, >> isn't it, though? >> Yeah. >> Warmed up. >> Finally. Yeah. Where are you guys from? >> Ohio. >> Okay. Nice. Do you want to say hi on the stream? I know you kind of did from afar, but these are our people mover friends. What are your names? >> Steve, Lisa. >> Awesome. Good to see you guys. >> You, too. About a week ago. We've been freezing. >> Yes. Finally get to wear the shorts and the t-shirts. So, >> first day for sure. >> Yeah. Agreed. >> Thanks for everything you guys did. >> Thank you. Well, I'm so glad. Thank you. >> Our nighttime ritual. I love that. Awesome. Well, enjoy the warm weather. Thank you. Bye, guys. >> Actually, I have I have Dale, but I didn't get Chip. >> Yeah, Chip is really cute. >> I know. He is cute. >> Rosie cheeks. >> I know. And I got Stitch, of course. Look, he's going fast. >> And then I got this for mom. >> This is really cute. I love the color. >> Me, too. >> She put it in a little vase. It's really cute. >> Such a cute gift idea >> for Valentine's Day. together. >> Valentine's. I love that. They actually have um Hello Kitty ones at Universal in a bouquet kind of like it's really cute, but Dale and I looked at it yesterday. It was $50. I was like, I I don't need that. >> However, some flower bouquets are expensive. >> Yes, that's true. >> Don't die. >> Like, you're right. An actual flower buffet for Valentine's Day is probably more than $50 because you know it's Valentine's Day so the price goes up. >> They up the price. He He's just staring here like a little doggy like >> take me home. >> Take me home. >> Oh my gosh. >> I have him. >> Actually, John got him for me in Disneyland Paris before they brought them here. >> A that's really nice. >> I don't see John in the chat today. I love this bow. I probably wouldn't wear it, but it is so cute. >> I love it. >> This is the button-up one. >> Yes. >> Oh, well, we should be on the lookout for the tangled >> Oh, yeah. >> Somebody tried it on. >> Yep, they sure did. >> Sneeze her. >> They were like, "Which size do I need?" >> Look, Sharon's going to work out. I never even like, you know, retail, but I I just feel like >> it's just the neat freak in me that I have to straighten this out >> in instinct. I get it. >> Here we go. >> I was a merchandiser, so that is what I did. >> Yes, exactly. You made everything like >> But now I look at it and I'm like the fun display. >> I don't have to do that anymore. >> Love this. >> Oh, I love that. Oh, this is a pretty good size, too. >> It's a lounge flag. >> Lounge flag. My goodness. >> You know they have the Winnie the Pooh and the Minnie Mouse, I think. >> Okay. >> Did we see the Minnie Mouse? >> We saw Winnie. We'll have to see if >> Yeah, I know. >> I think it would look cute oversized. But I get what you mean. >> It didn't look bad on me, but I think it would be hot. It would be very hot. >> These sleeves are thicker than I realized. >> Mhm. That's why I did the back >> cuz I'm like, I know me and I won't wear it. >> So, why spend that kind of money >> knowing I won't wear it? Jesse does need the tangled one. Yeah. Let's go see. Oh, there's the bell. So, this is brand new. >> I love the color. >> Just came out. >> Oh my gosh. >> Here's Belle. And then the back. >> See, these are lighter weight. >> Yeah, they are. >> Maybe you need this. >> And the stitch. However, I really wanted the Ariel one and now they're gone. That would have been cute for princess. >> This would be really cute. And the the temperature is >> Here's Jasmine. Well, that's true. >> Hey, Manoa J. says she's always cleaning up everything, too. Here's the back. >> I love that you can see Agraba. >> It's like honorary Disney employees, Manoa J. You know, like we want to make things look nice, too. >> Pick up random garbage. Yeah, >> exactly. That's what we do here. >> Uhhuh. >> There's the back. >> These are really cute. >> I love them. >> These will be good for the princess run because it's a little cooler. >> Do you need to pick one up for somebody you know? I don't know. >> Oh, I like that one a lot, actually. >> That is really cute. >> I wonder what size that person. >> I don't know. Maybe she's watching. >> That is adorable. So, this is the front. I love the two-tone. >> I love this. >> Pascal Pascal >> in the back. These were in the They were sold out at Springs and Animal Kingdom. So, if you are getting one, I would suggest now, but they are very cute. Maybe she already bought one. Who knows? >> Yes. >> Hello, Maria's Adventure. I love it. Okay, >> let's see if they have my Oh, no. They don't have those shirts here. >> Oh, maybe they do. >> Okay. Yeah, good idea. Oh, >> they have it in small but not extra small. >> Okay, I found it. But it's small, not extra small. >> Can you hold the gimbal for one sec? I want to see how big it'll look. >> This is a Wait, this is a shirt I would >> Oh, that one's really cute. Wait, >> I think it's too big. >> That's really I don't know. I mean, I kind of like the look of an oversized t-shirt, but um but I you know, I know what you mean. Like, if you didn't feel comfortable in it, >> I I know me if I don't like Yeah. >> But I agree. You could wear that year round. >> Yeah. I need it in an extra small. >> Bummer. >> Not meant to. >> Well, it's all good. always pop in the >> emporium. Yeah, take your time. I'll walk them around. >> Hey guys, let's see what else we can find. >> But the red one, >> these boxes are just so pretty. >> And black is obviously mine. But the red one would totally match my Christmas purse. Let's >> go see um >> what build your own ears they have right now. Okay, so they do have the They have all three of these. They have the hat, the glove, and the bow. You think I'll find it? It probably would shrink a little. It's true. This is cute. I like this that they did. Oh, they do have the Minnie Mouse one. So, here's the mini Loungefly and the Winnie and then the Stitch. Yeah, I could have them look in the inventory. That's true. I'll wait till after the stream. It's no worries. I don't have to have it. I just think it's cute. I do like this shirt, too. And they do have it in extra small. But it's one of those oversized fits. They have the Loungefly balloon bag and the ears to match. Yeah, I will. I'll check. Thanks, guys. Love this skirt. Love the whole outfit. The new um Cinderella ears and the princess spirit jersey. I love the princess spirit jersey so much. That's the front. Here's the back. I have so many spirit jerseys. I know. I do too. Isn't that funny? I do the same thing. Love this. Tiny little bags. >> That's cute. >> Isn't that cute? >> I love all the pink stuff. >> Me, too. Me, too. Me, too. >> All right. >> All right. >> Are we good? >> We're good. >> Okay. >> Wait to hear from her. >> Yeah. Wait. >> Yeah. >> Unnecessary. >> I agree. All right. Well, I guess let's just >> I know. >> It is really cute. >> Let's just head around. >> All right. We'll get a view of the rest of the park as we head over to Frontier Land and Adventure Land. >> They did have a sweatshirt version of that shirt last year. You're right. >> Oh, they did. The t-shirt that you want. >> Yep. >> Oh, >> yeah. That would be a cute sweatshirt. >> It would. You need the skirt. The skirt is very cute. All right. Speedway went up to 25. Not bad. >> I know. All the little tiny bags are so stinking adorable. >> I'm wearing one. >> Yeah, the one was it two weeks ago? >> Yeah. >> And these are sold out. >> Yeah. >> I'm glad we got one. I got Daisy. Jesse got Daisy. >> Yeah. Please don't forget to bop that like button, guys. lets YouTube know you're enjoying the stream and then it shares it out to more friends. I know, David. I can't believe you'll be here in a few days as well. What day do you get in or maybe you don't want to say? I don't You don't have to say on the stream. It's fine. I know it's soon. >> I hope to see you. >> Yeah, Sharon would love to see you. I would love to see you. >> You need the sweater version. Yeah, I don't think they sell those anymore that I know of. They could >> Oh, fun. Now, I see >> a such a photo. I love that. >> Oh my goodness. That is adorable. >> She's so pretty. >> Got to love Alice. >> So cute. Very very late Thursday night. Okay, sounds good. David, sounds good. >> Please do what right now. Sorry, I missed it. Please do that right now. I missed what you wanted me to do. The chat is a little bit behind. Who is 70 minutes? Holy moly, that is crazy. You're traveling in 10 days and it's your birthday. Well, happy early birthday. What a way to spend it. I always want to be either Disney or Universal on my birthday. >> I was at both this year. We went to spring. We went to Universal CityWalk and Universal for a little bit and then we came home for Chloe and then we went to Springs later. When I come to visit, I'll be that big scary NDN trying to hug you. Wait, what's an NDN? >> I don't know what that means. >> I'm trying to think. >> N never done nothing. >> It's funny. >> Happy Monday, uh, Kathleen. not come up with anything. >> I know that was the only one I had. 80 minutes for seven dwarfs. A little crowded over there. >> Ice cream. Ice cream would be a good idea today. >> No line. >> Wow. >> I love when there's no line. Amazing. >> Oh, Daytona 500 week. Okay. Wait, when? >> When? Tim? This weekend? >> Soon, right? I think so. There's a carousel. Can't go wrong with a car. Oh, Goofy is just hanging out. And Mickey, what? >> They have a lot of characters. >> I love this. Oh my goodness. The big cheese himself. >> A Mickey Mouse. Hello. A. How cute. Hi. I love you. Thank you. A. And look at Goofy. >> Goofy. >> That's so cute. >> People are losing their minds. That was fun. Let's go in the shop under the or by the castle. Not under the castle. There used to be a shop under the castle or in the castle I should say. That was so fun, you guys. It was the big cheese himself. The big cheese. He's walking around making sure everybody's doing their job. >> Yep. Yep. >> Make sure all the cats are happy, >> shaking hands and kissing babies. >> I mean, that's what he does. He >> kissed my hand. >> He He did. So cute. >> All right, let's go into Sir Minky's. We don't go in this one that often. It's a fun little shop. Well, I think we're going to I think we're going to be spinning. >> If you missed out on the tangled ears, they do have them. And then the cute. >> These are so cute. >> It is adorable. And it lights up. >> Sealed, but it does open and light up. >> Oh, here. Let's check it. Sample. I like samples. >> Uh other way, I think. >> Pulls that way. >> This way. >> Just don't break your pretty nails. >> There we go. Oh, pretty. >> Is it on? >> This is a pen, I think. >> Huh? I don't know. Maybe the >> But that is adorable. >> The batteries. Maybe. Maybe somebody left. >> Oh, there we go. There we go. >> I don't know if you guys can see. It is lit up a little. It's hard to tell. >> That's really fun. So, you push the sun. >> I love that. >> Light it up. Oh, here's the pad. Write a dream >> of a wish. Oh, that's cute. Okay, so you get this and then he is a pen. >> Oh, I see. >> Cute. That's really cute. I love that. >> All right, we have some copyright music in here. So, we will probably head on out. Moana is very copyrighted. How dare they? >> I know. But I do want to point this out. I love that we have the >> the giant and then we've got the Beantock and Mickey over here. Isn't that fun? So fun. All right, Moana, do not get us. We love you, Moana. All right. Did you get confirmation? >> Yes. Um, okay. Yeah, I had to I had her which size. >> Oh, which size? Okay. >> Hi. I'm good. >> Of course. Of course. Hello. >> I've been following you all the way. >> Oh, awesome. Where are you guys from? >> New Jersey. >> Okay, cool. Good deal. >> Hi, Casey. Hi, Noel. Awesome. Nice to meet you. >> Awesome. Of course. You want to say hi on the stream or no? >> Yeah. What were your names? >> Tom and Melissa from >> Awesome. Nice to meet you guys. Pleas. Great video. >> Thank you so much. Enjoy your day. Thank you. >> You want to uh catch up or? >> Yes. Okay. So, which way? >> I'm just going to go slowly around towards Frontier Land. >> You can always text me. >> I'll catch up to you there. >> Okay. Sounds good. She's on a shopping important shopping mission. >> All right, guys. So, we have the sword in the stone over here. >> Sometimes Liam got to pull the sword out of the stone one time. It was really fun. We're heading towards the uh Swiss Family Robinson Treehouse, but we're kind of just taking our time and enjoying the ambiance as we go. We'll pop into this shop, too. Sometimes they have some fun things. Hi, Antonio. I love this Ly. >> Hi, Wes. Your daughter's here from Canada. That's awesome. Small world hoodie is really cute. Love this. Living in a fantasy land. It's a little pricey cuz we saw it. Yeah. $50. I think the Minnie Mouse one is worth more than this. And it was only $40, I think. Not only, but you know what I mean. Okay. It smells like fog in here. Again, getting vibes. >> It's only February. See if they have my shirt here. Doesn't look like it. >> No, that's okay. We'll keep looking. I think it would be fun to do a press penny day where we just go around and do press pennies all day. See which ones they have. >> I know. All the small world things are so cute, aren't they? Okay. A there's a Makea-Wish family over here. A >> Oh, and there's Minnie. There goes Minnie Mouse. Oh my goodness. She's on a mission. Oh no, here she is. Get a glimpse of her for you guys. Goofy. >> Oh, there she goes. >> Goofy's over there, too. Man, where did the big cheese go? There's Minnie. A So cute leaving all the kids on a carousel. How fun. All right, I will not chase her, but I wanted to show you guys Minnie. So, we saw Mickey, we saw Goofy. Hi, Goofy. Oh, you're looking great today. Bye. Thank you. So cute. So yeah, it looks like Small World is currently down still >> or No, I'm sorry. It's back up again. I see people. I see the peoples. 50. It's >> open. Small world. >> It is very crowded. >> Goofy's your favorite. He's a great one. >> So fun. We need this dose of blue skies and sun. 14° here. Oh my goodness. I remember those days. I hope you are feeling the warmth through the stream. A you're pan and windy. We saw them earlier today. >> Rubber house on the left. They have some really good food. And the tangled area can find your Pascals. Here is one right here. And he's kind of hard to see, but if you look at the window, he's in the middle one and he's under the flower box and he kind of blends in there. Do you guys see him? There's no race. No, the race isn't until the end of the month. Princess race. It's just busy. Nope. We're not going to stream all day. No, I do have a video coming out over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. That's our second channel. Dale and I's channel. Oh, here's another Pascal. Um it is from Universal Martyra. So we take you there. We show you um all the new merch, the tribute store and we try some of the food at the food booth and then you have to stay tuned to the very end of the video because we have a big announcement at the end of the video. So again, you don't want to miss it. That will be over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale at one o'clock. It is not a premiere. It's just we're just posting the video. So, um, so yeah, you can go over right after you're done watching here or to screen, you can do that. You know, either way, but we'll post the link as soon as it's um posted at 1:00. So, just here in about a little over an hour, hour and 15ish minutes. Wow, Jesse's doing a lot of work to her house right now. Haunted Mansion under construction. Looks like it's a 55minute wait. They're doing a Keys to the Kingdom tour. I've been on one of those years ago, but it was great. It was great. Daytona 500 is this coming weekend. Is that right, Tim? >> You're getting your steps in. Awesome. Me, too. with >> the hot weather to come back. It's getting warmer here today. Let me tell you, >> it is gorgeous. >> There's the other thing that's happening. There's a lot of cheerleader groups here and dance groups and then um some groups from Brazil. Oh my goodness, they have the Haunted Mansion line in here. Not sure I've ever seen that. Sunday. This Sunday. Okay. All right, it's coming. >> Let's go over here, guys. >> Here it comes. >> Sweet. >> Yeah, here it comes. Thanks, Shannon. Adventure every day. That's right. >> The Sunday after your feet won't fail you. That's awesome, Tim. Yep. Okay. >> You're new to the channel. Well, hello. Welcome in. >> All right, guys. Enjoy the cavalcade. strength. >> You know, we still well time that right there. >> Oh, hi. Yeah. Heat. Heat. See you tonight. Heat. Heat. That's right. It's just imagination. We'll see the world tonight. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. tonight. >> Hi guys. All the way behind the yellow. All the way behind the yellow. All right. So funny. Hi. How are you? >> That's awesome. Love that. Okay. Well, let's go into the shop. Let's get out of the crowd here. What a great travel cave. Love the music. They still have Christmas sweatshirts. I was hoping those will go on sale. Foss stuck in our heads, aren't they? Isn't it? Oh, look at the Star Wars one. This is fun. It's almost like they're bobbleheads. Oh my goodness. Look at Dodger and Oliver. Love that movie when I was a kid. Jack Dies. Oh no, Tim says, "Oh, we've got some uh Emperor's new clothes." >> Let's go see what's in the case. Um, one thing Marvel. Oh my goodness. It's Deadpool. >> 10 years. Are you kidding me right now? >> I think it's either these or it's these. I think it's these that Rebecca got last time. Or was it these? See, now I don't remember. I think it was these. >> Hi, Britney. Well, these are fun little TVs. I like the slippers. >> Magical marksman. Toys in a box. Oh, cute. >> There's a Mr. Toad. >> Stitchy. There's a Figment. Oh my goodness. There's so many good ones on this. >> $22.99 and you get what? Two. >> Yeah, two pens. >> Oh, the Groot one's cute. I think I've seen this one before. >> Focus. Oh, look guys. They have these. >> Dad has one of these. I think it was this one. I wanted to get him the train one, but it was sold out. And then he was like, "Ah." He didn't know if he'd have room for it, but here it is on display. Isn't that cute? Working on your munchling series. That's awesome, Shannon. That's awesome. Kelsey, buy one for science. Trying to save the monies, Tim. But yes, that would be fun. >> Trying to save the monies. >> It's hard to do when you come when you come to Disney, that's for sure. >> Let's just kind of make our way around and then uh >> we will tell us where to go. >> Go head to the treehouse after this. All the people. All the people. >> Can't wait till that's done and we can walk around over there again. >> At least the bridge is open so you can use it to walk. >> You're welcome, Disney Dawn. Thanks for being here. >> It would be sciency. That's true. Man, everybody is coming this way. We are salmon at the moment. See what they have. Um here >> mini Oh, they have mini corn dogs with chips. I've had the candy bacon. It's good. Jalapeno poppers. Yeah, I can't eat those. Bacon's good, though. Not sure it's worth $9.99, but it is delicious. I know, right? Jedi Master. I almost called you Jester. I was going to put it together like I do. >> Tiana's was a busy weight today. Today would be a good day to do that cuz it is getting warmer unlike, you know, the last week where it was freezing. People are still doing it. They cleared off this over here. It's going to be Cars Land area eventually. >> Back behind Haunted. >> Whoops. >> This one's empty. Oh, they're all empty. Huh? Or at least these two? Was there somebody on the last one? I wasn't looking. Look comes. That one's empty, too. >> Okay, that's awesome. It is a great ride to cool off for sure. Hi, J Patty. Hobby Lobby in Colorado this weekend and there was a ton of Stitch stuff. A that's awesome. Yeah, I've seen some of it. We have a Hobby Lobby um near the Millennium Mall. It's a nice mall here in Central Florida. The one though that I like to go to now is the Florida mall cuz they have um Pop Mart and Mini. So, those are always fun to go in. But it is always fun to go in a Hobby Lobby. >> Okay, they do have beignets over here. They're not my favorite beignet. My favorite ones are at New Orleans. Well, let's be honest. My favorite ones are in Disneyland, but if we're not in Disneyland, my favorite are um in uh not not New Orleans, Port Orleans, which is a resort here in Disney. They also have some good ones at Universal. So, but these are not my favorite. >> Did you want a venue? You know what? >> Oh, yeah. I keep saying one day I want to do this pirate adventure. I think it opens at 12. So, it would have to be a day that maybe we don't start the stream until around that time. >> Wow. Oh, I think we've got Captain Jack over here. Abby, are you taking that with you or are you leaving it off? >> It's funny. Usually meet meats over here, but it's so busy. They might need that too space. >> Yeah. Let's go in the shop. the beacon barrel. >> We got one of the skull mugs. This isn't the one you get in the beacon barrel, is it? >> Send me to the brrig, it says. >> I don't think they have They don't have beignets in Epcot. They do not. This is Rummy. If you've been in the Beacon Barrel, you know Rummy. It's a front of the or sorry, back of the shirt and the front just says Beacon Barrel >> for $31.99. >> Pirates must still be down cuz this is not busy at the moment and that is not normal. >> Pluto and Mickey. Oh, look at the little kids. That's so cute. >> Hi. Thank you. Love your shirt. >> Yeah, good shirt. >> Awesome. >> Come down from New Hampshire to get warm with you folks. >> Good. Yeah. Good deal. Do you want to say hi on the street? What were your names? >> Dan and Brandon. >> Awesome. Nice to meet you. >> You, too. >> You guys having fun today? >> Oh, it's great. Beautiful weather. >> It is. It's gorgeous today, isn't it? >> Awesome. Well, thank you for watching. >> Yeah. >> All right. You too. Enjoy your day. Bye, guys. >> So many fun things. Scars or tattoos with better stories. Okay, I like that. That's funny. Pirate water scent. Oh my goodness, they sure do. Keep a weather eye on the horizon. That is a fun shirt. Like that. This is fun, too. Usually can't hear the music in here cuz it's so loud of people coming in and out. Oh, that's a fun mug. It's uh $24.99. >> Hello. >> You made it. Did you get the merch acquired? >> I got the merch acquired. I got you. >> Oh, thank you. Thank you so much. >> We needed cold water if you don't mind. You >> I was showing them all the merch. You you can actually look in here now cuz the rides >> Oh, that's why there's not as many people in here. It's very calm. It's very quiet in this shop right now. >> Right here. >> They cleared out just for >> Thank you for the water. >> Yes, you're welcome. I know. It's >> It's dry out. >> It's It's dry. It's uh warm. >> Warmer than normal. Yeah. >> There's not as much humidity in the air today, so it's like a I need chapstick and water. >> Yep. And lotion. All the things. >> Fear the beards. I love that. >> Oh, you had one of those. >> I did. It was um It wasn't gold though. Mine wasn't >> a hook. >> Do you still have it? >> Get him a closer. >> I do actually. I think >> cuz I feel like, you know, you probably kept a lot of your >> I did souvenirs. >> I was one of those kids where I kept everything. Well, not everything, but I did keep >> I love the uh >> Aren't those pretty >> pirate ears? Yes. >> I don't have those cuz I have the >> glow-in-the-dark fancy. Love me a glow-in-the-dark t-shirt. >> All right. Thank you very much. >> All right. Well, this is fun. jacket. >> That's really cute. >> I like that. >> I love that. I love how they have the raw edge. >> Yeah. Super fun. >> Well, let's head on out of this shop. >> Do they sell the key to Disneyland at Disney World? Uh, no. We do not have that here. I don't even think we have the key to Disney World here. >> Um, >> we know what you're talking about. >> No. >> However, um, you know, it's my house, so I don't really like to give the key away. I'm just kidding. I heard those are getting low in Disneyland. >> Oh, really? >> Interesting. >> Also, did you see that they've switched Saurin to Sarov California in California Adventure? >> I as yesterday. >> Oh, that's so cool. I want to go and get that popcorn bucket, but I heard it's selling out quick. >> I heard that, too. >> Which I get. Makes sense. >> Well, they got games set out up here for pirates. Oh, hello. How are you? >> Good. Good during the day. >> Yeah, it's gorgeous. >> I know. >> Did you want to say hi? >> Of course. >> Yeah. What was your name? >> Hi. My name is John J. Hi everyone. Welcome. You were on the People Mover, right? Awesome. I thought so. Cool. >> Hope you guys have a great day. Have a magical day. >> Thank you. You, too. Bye. >> People are kind of hanging out over here waiting for the ride to maybe open up cuz then you can get right on. >> They're lingering. >> They're lingering. Exactly. >> Is it going to open? >> Oh, yeah. Yeah, this shop has a lot of nice things in there, especially if you're a big fan of pirates. And how can you not be? I mean, these kind of pirates. Pirates of the Caribbean. >> The Disney ones. I should clarify. >> Kind of pirates. That's funny. >> Yeah, he was super nice, wasn't he? We've been meeting a lot of awesome hoppers today. >> Love meeting you guys. So, definitely come over and say hello. Lots of people in chat. Yeah, Britney, we do have a lot of people. Almost 1,700. So, thanks for being here. Bop the like and subscribe if you're new. We're making our way over to the treehouse. >> Also, let's chat about um David's Vacation Club rentals. If you guys would like to book a stay at a Disney resort villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out at dvcreest.com/tv. Again, dvcre request.com. >> Um, you don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. Again, dbcrequest.com/tv. I lost my train of thought for a second. He was like, "You want me to stay with her? She's sleeping." I'm like, "Yeah, sure. I know that distracted me too. >> Squirrel. >> That was like Dale and I yesterday we were trying to film. We were eating something and we were, you know, sitting at a table trying to film something and this lady was like she was, you know, obviously she was fine, but she stood right in front of our table and was yelling across to her family and she was like, "Bye kids. We're going to, you know, something." I can't remember what she said. And Dale and I were like, "Okay." I don't remember. We It's in the vlog. You got to watch the vlog. But we were both like, "Okay, bye." or something. I don't know. It was funny. And then we got distracted, which is easy to do at Disney. Hi, Will. Cannot wait to see you hopefully in person for my 24th birthday. Oh, amazing. >> Hey, Daddy. >> You're going to start your vacation May 16. >> Yeah, we did get a lot of plants hit by the cold. It's very sad. Plants and grass, trees. Yeah, some of our palm trees at our house. Hopefully, we'll make it, but they look a little sad right now. >> Look kind of sad, but >> they're a little brown. >> They looked it up and they said just leave them alone. >> Leave them there. Yep. >> They should come back. >> Yep. I hope so. But the weather's very nice now, so hopefully that'll help. But here we go. Swiss Family Robinson. We're going to head on in here. It's a fun little attraction if you guys have never done it. Fun to do something different. And you get great views from up top. >> Let me know in the chat if you've actually seen Swiss Family Robinson. I've seen it. I saw it when I was a kid. >> This movie. Is that what you said? >> What? >> Oh, you asked. >> Yeah, I was asking. Yeah. >> I love this movie. >> Let them go around us so we can take our time. >> It's a good movie. >> It is a really good movie. >> Yeah. It was during that phase when Disney was making really good live action movies. >> Uhhuh. I agree. Yep. Agreed. Yeah. Look at all these plants. They got hit. >> They sure did. >> Our palm trees look a little bit like that. >> Little sad. >> Big party came in behind us. >> Trees look fine. >> Yeah, they do. >> Look at my palm trees this morning. Maybe they're already >> Ours are a different We have one of those, but we have a different variety and those got hit. >> Okay. But the bottom is the bottom of them are green. So we're hoping they'll be okay. All right. We'll carry on here in a second. Oh man. Hey everybody. Saw it several times as a kid, but haven't seen it in years. Yeah, me too. I need to rewatch it. >> Love Swiss Family Robinson. Watched it quite a lot. >> I have, but it's been ages. Yeah, I think it is. Saw it years ago. Seen it. Love it. Still watch it. Awesome. Hi, Mia. How are you today? No worries. I'm so glad you're able to pop into the chat. We're gonna get our steps in today. Dale and I do this health app. You know, >> you can like check in and get points and stuff. And so, >> well, it's for the insurance, you know, you get like perks and stuff. >> I used to have to do that. >> So, uh so one of the things is did you climb stairs? Yep. Check. I did. I can click it. This is fun. This is how they got water to the top of the treehouse. >> They were so resourceful on that island. >> So resourceful. I think we're going to uh lose our Wait, what? Oh, some sort of plant. Okay, sorry. It's hard to read and go up steps. Oh, I made it. >> I knew I would. they come. It's such a pretty >> pretty experience and who knows when they're going to take it down. So enjoy it for now. >> It's a fun way for them to burn off some energy. >> Exactly. >> Got an organ and all the things. Teeny tiny little bed that would not even fit one person unless you're a kid. >> So funny. >> Oh, look at this view. >> Wow, I love it. >> Oh, cozy bedroom. Oh, what a view. It's >> hard to see through the rope because it wants to focus on the rope. Uh, no. I think that song is actually from the Swiss Family Robinson, isn't it? >> They might have played it >> in The Little Mermaid. I'm not sure. >> That's a great question. Let me know in the chat. Manoa said she would fit there. Okay, >> that's good. over there. >> Sorry. >> Oh, you're fine. >> Oh, >> what a view that would be if you slept here. >> Wouldn't that be cool? >> Tim always says this is his house. >> You're fine. Let's stay there. >> I like the living. >> Oh, yes. I could add it right there. Uh-huh. I like this plan. >> Oh, go ahead. You're fine. >> Thank you. >> Yeah. >> You know, you get inspiration up there >> for new things. >> You don't want to live in a treehouse. Okay. I mean, it might have been kind of chilly last week to live in the treehouse. >> I wonder I wonder how they dealt with that, you know. >> Swiss Family Poker is the name of the song. Okay, cool. Makes sense. >> Yeah. >> And they might copyright me later. I hope not. We're going to find out. more people on the Swiss Family Tree than I was expecting today. >> Oh, here. I could edit here, too. >> Oh, yeah. This is nice. >> Very nice. >> Nice. >> Uh-huh. a light just in case. >> I'm sure that your tree has Wi-Fi and electricity. >> Of course. Well, somebody just said no indoor plumbing for me or no indoor plumbing. So, no treehouse living for me. That's a good point. >> Yeah. No, it does sound like that, Kelsey. I agree. The one playing on Eric Chip. >> Yeah, >> it's very similar. Oh, well, here you go. They use a door as a seat. It's great. >> The door came off the ship, I suppose. Shipwreck. Yeah, they just >> All of this is from the shipwreck wreck, I think. Yeah. >> Super fun. >> Well, there we go. That is the Swiss Family Robinson treehouse. >> That is a fun thing to do. It really is. recommend it. >> Yeah, me too. >> Rarely await. >> Yes. And a good little area to mostly get away from crowds and things. So >> yeah, >> let's see. Let's chat about Dreamtable. dreamtable.co. If you guys um are wanting to get a really hard to get reservation here at Walt Disney World, dreamtable.co will help you get that reservation. All you have to do is go to the app store and download the app or you can also um just go to dreamtable.co. So you go over there, you put in all the information, you know, the restaurant you're looking for and um how many people, the day, the time, all those things, and then they will notify you whenever it becomes available. So again, dreamtable.co, they will not make the reservation for you. They will just notify you. Then you go into the Disney app and make the reservation. dreamtable.co. Go check them out. Love the treehouse. Awesome. I'm glad you guys liked it. Hi, Kayla. Hi, Annette. Working and listening. Awesome. >> Hope you're having a good Monday so far, everybody. Hope you didn't stay up too late last night, but I'm sure a lot of people did. >> They did. >> It didn't get over super late, though. It could have been worse. >> Now, if you were at a party, then of course you had to get home and do all those things. D and I just stayed home and watched at home. That way I was able to edit that vlog, so it worked out great. Yeah, you're welcome, Leslie. You are welcome. Well, I think we should go back. We should go to not back, but let's go well, I guess back to Main Street and go in the shops. We haven't been in that yet. And then maybe we'll ride another ride after that. We'll see. I recall somebody had requested the jewelry shop. >> You are correct. They sure did. >> So, you know. >> Yeah. Pull our legs. It's fine. >> Exactly. Oh, I hear the band. >> Nice. >> Wow. >> Hi, Lee. Good morning. Happy Monday. Or good afternoon now. I guess >> next year is a holiday after the Super Bowl. >> Oh, I know. >> Oh, really? >> What? What is it? President's Day. >> That's the only one I can think of. >> That's interesting. >> Yeah, that is interesting. Well, that'll be nice for everybody. >> I don't need the >> if you get that off. I guess >> that guy just said I don't need the flu. I don't need it either. >> Is someone in their party? >> They're playing Bruno. We're going to go this way. Bruno doesn't like us. >> Yes. >> It's a great song. >> I was going to go watch them, but >> Hi, Julie. >> Man, the weather is amazing. >> So nice. Today would have been an okay day for shorts. >> I didn't think it was going to get this hot. >> Me neither. >> Really believe it. >> Me neither. Cuz it's been so chilly. >> Yeah, it has been. >> When it says it's going to get to a certain temperature, it's been like just barely in this. >> Exactly. Yes. Right. And the sun the sun's been out, but it hasn't been this warm. >> Let's see. Well, we're going to pop into the emporium first. So, I guess let's just go in this door and then we can make our way around. >> The band's coming. >> They are done. >> Go ahead. Go ahead. I don't want didn't want you to drop it. All right. So, we got This is the exit for Casey's if you want um hot dogs. Pretty much is all they have, I think, is hot dogs, corn dogs. Oh, they have the Minnie Mouse bag. The mini mini bag. >> Yeah, they do. >> Okay. That's cute. >> That's really cute. >> What's weird is you can't see her um eyelashes. I feel like her bow is upside down. Is it upside down? >> No. I see what you're saying. >> Do you think they did this so it wouldn't get in the way of maybe zipper? >> And you kind of have to turn it up to >> Yeah. to see it's mini. It almost looks like Mickey with a bow. >> It's cute though. I like it. >> Um I bought the Mickey one. I think they're >> $29.99, but I'm not sure. Yeah, I have one in a black. I haven't worn it yet, but it's cute. All right. So, if you want one of those, they're here. They also have a giant Stitchy if you want that. I mean, who doesn't? Sleepy Stitchy and baby Stitchy. You smell the corn dog nuggets. We have Easter plushies. We got Minnie and Mickey. >> And then we have some of these guys. >> Zootopia. I would want him. >> My goodness. The Zootopian. >> I know. Wow. >> I would want him so much. He is adorable. >> Adorable. They have all the kiddos toys and different things here. And then back here is more of the kitchen stuff. >> Wait, those are for kids. >> I mean, you know, we buy them, too. It's fine. This is new though. This Magic Kingdom cup and then you get a mystery pen set with it. Collect all six. $54.99. A little pricey, but you do get pins. Isn't that fun? And this is the only way you can get these pens is in the sneaky cup. >> So sneaky of them. >> Uh-huh. So sneaky. >> But how clever. >> So you take the cup up there and they have the packs behind the counter. >> I think they're in there. >> Or maybe they are behind the counter. >> Oh, no. You're right. >> They're in there. Yeah. >> There you go. >> I guess those are sealed. >> Yeah, I would say. Yeah, they have tape. >> Mhm. Well, I know. >> Yeah. >> They have a ton of these cups. Like literally so many right now. Love it. Love it. >> Mhm. This is fun. >> Oh, that's really pretty. >> Living in Fantasy Land. It says Oh, it doesn't say what flavor. >> Oh, wait. Smells kind of nice. >> Lavender. >> Rose. Oh, rose. >> Yum. Smells good. It's so pretty. >> I don't know why I said yum cuz ro You don't eat roses. >> No, I know what you mean. >> It was a great scent. >> It's just yum cuz it smells good. >> Exactly. There you go. Thank you. Thank you for uh verifying that. >> Exactly. That's probably what I would have said. >> Yum. >> I don't know what else you say with it. >> Yeah, true. >> Smells great. Oh, Pua, what you doing here? >> Just hanging out watching the pins. >> Yeah. Got to guard the pins, huh? Wow. >> Ton and ton of mugs. >> I know. The Flash Wishable was so cute, right? >> Huh? >> Didn't we get something yesterday? >> That was me as a kid. Can I get something? >> Yeah, that would have been me. >> We're in a shop. I should get something. Can I get that? >> Right. I love this. >> Oh, >> you're the dappers. >> I just asked myself that. >> Right. >> Can I get that? >> Can I get something >> myself? Yes, you can. >> See, that's usually me. >> Thank you. >> And then Dale's like, you know, we just bought pipes. >> Those darn pipes. >> Oh, poor Jenna. >> I know, right? Our our house is literally holy right now. Um, and Dale did a little vlog on that. So, whenever he can get it edited, you guys are going to see our holy house. >> Yeah, >> they um >> it got fixed. >> Yeah, exactly. Since our house is on a slab in Florida, we don't have basements. >> Most houses are. >> Most houses are. So, when your pipes, we have an old house like we do, your pipes go bad, they have to put them in the attic and then bring them down the walls. This is why we have holes in our walls. >> Mhm. >> Oh my goodness. Also, >> they can't magically put them inside the walls without opening the walls. >> Darn it. If you want to try this, I highly recommend it. They are delicious. Mom and I tried one. >> Okay. >> They're very good. >> Oh, this is fun. >> It feels, >> you know, No, it was softer than you think. Yeah, >> cuz you know I like I mean there crispy treats. It's nice when they're soft. >> They're I mean softish. >> Like you didn't feel like you were going to break a chew. >> No, not at all. I love this. How cute is this for like little kids? Like >> so cute. or or me. Cheese crackers, gummies, and pretzels. And they're Mickey. I know. And the pretzels are too. >> Isn't that fun? Let's see how much. $14.99. >> And saltwater caffeine. >> Oh. Uh, fun fact, I'm allergic >> to salt water. >> Yeah. I guess one year I'm Well, I was a kid. I was like four, maybe five, and I broke out in hives. >> I wonder what's in there. >> I don't know. Very weird, right? What a weird thing. But yes, >> no. Don't ever get tenn with salt water. >> Not saltwater taffy. >> I do like this one, too. It seems longer than the one I really liked. >> I like this. And I like the um designs on the front. So, if you're wearing a backpack, >> cover it up. >> I do really like that. And I'm I'm a fan of gray. >> Me, too. >> My furniture's gray. My walls are gray. >> I love gray. Yeah, I have some gray furniture. >> It's just a good color. I mean, it literally matches everything. It looks good on most skin tones. >> Yes. Yes, it does. >> It's a good color. >> Those are healthyish Disney snacks. I agree. >> Good point. They're not quite as sugary. These just have the gummy. I mean, I realize it's a starch, so that's kind of like sugar. >> True. >> I do like the mini Mickey ones. Those are new. >> Those are really cute. >> I do really love that mini one. It's got a little bit of sparkle in it. >> It does have a little bit of sparkle. >> That one. The red one. >> The white one. >> That is cute. That's like Vinnie. >> It's $79.99. Oh, there's a Tinker Bell one. I love that. >> That's really cute. So cute. Yes. Thank you, Kenneth. I'll try to remember when we go to Universal to get my magnet next time. Thanks for the reminder, though. >> Hope they still have that. >> I know. Oh, my shirt. >> Universal magnets. >> Yes, they do. >> Nope. They're all larges. >> Okay. >> I guess I could have got the small, but I don't know. I don't know if I'd be happy with it. So, it's all good. Just means I >> You definitely don't want to spend money on something you're not happy with. >> Exactly. >> Is this the only place they have them? >> Looks like it. After the stream, I might have them look it up cuz sometimes they can see, you know, where one might be. >> Might be in another shop. >> Yeah. A different park. Maybe one of the hotels. >> So, we might go on a wild >> Yeah. >> This is fun. I love that. Is >> that fun? >> We have cute. >> Yeah, we have >> a wild goo beast chase for something that is only in a certain park. >> And it's fun. >> It It is fun. >> It's always a fun adventure. >> Okay. I think I saw a new shirt over here. Look at this. This is fun. All the princesses on the front. >> They came out with this at the perfect time. Princess Race >> and it's the pink castle. Okay, that's cute. That might be an add to cart. That might be, but I want to wait for the princess race and see what they have there. >> Oh, yeah. At the expo. >> Yeah, at the expo. >> I agree. >> Coming soon to an ESPN near you. >> I also like our outfits, which we do. Say what it is because you want to wait surprise people. >> Yep. It'll be on a vlog or we'll see if I vlog this one. If not, it'll be in a picture. No matter what, you'll see it. >> It's cute how they paired it with the skirt. >> Jess and I were just talking about this, but the styling on >> the mannequins has been so cute. >> I mean, I was like, they sold this skirt. >> I want I want the whole outfit. I know. Down to the shoes. >> Whoever is doing their merchandising is doing a great job. >> Merchandising and um >> Yeah, >> they are doing great. Oh, this is cute. >> Yeah, it does. >> Is it? Oh, yeah. It's a button-up. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. $74.99. >> Nice. >> Oh, they have these back in stock. >> These are cute. >> Uh, they don't say the price, so that's great. They are soft. Okay, that's interesting. >> I know, right? >> Huh? >> Very interesting. >> Does that mean you get to make an offer when you take it up there? >> I love this plan on this. So, I'll pay, >> you know, $20. >> Yeah, >> I think that's reasonable. >> $19.99. >> $19.99. >> You know what's funny? We were noticing when we at Universal yesterday and showing things and showing the price that they don't do 99. Most of theirs is just the even number. >> Really? That is very interesting. >> Right. D's like I like that. Then you don't have to say 99. Huh. >> This one I love. Trying to see. No. Okay. They have that one. >> I like this. I just don't like the fit. >> Oh, is it boxy? >> It's the boxy shorts. Yeah. >> That aren't good for me. >> Oh, hi. How are you? Good. Hello. today. >> Yes, I'm okay. >> You were like >> That's funny. >> And then it's a little bit behind, so I'm trying to find her at the end. >> Yeah. Hello. How are you? >> Have we been a few times before? >> I remember. Yeah. Do you want to say hi on the stream or >> Would you like to say hi on the stream? >> Want to say hi? >> Hello. >> Awesome. >> I want to say hello. >> Yeah. >> Want to shout out Dale, too? He's pretty cool. >> He is pretty cool. Thank you. >> You want to meet Dale? >> I wish he could come. Yeah, he's working today. That's awesome. >> I love your shirt. >> Thank you. >> That's awesome. Thank you for watching, guys. >> Of G and Rapunzel. >> A that's perfect, too. >> That's amazing. >> Yeah, they're really sweet. >> They are. You had to give them a smolder, right? >> Did you? Oh, that's awesome. Oh, that's great. That is great. Perfect. >> Awesome. Well, >> I'm sorry to interrupt. >> No, you're fine. You're fine. >> You love what y'all do for us, especially when we're not here. >> Yeah. >> We feel like y'all are like family. >> Totally. That's what we want. I love that. >> I'm glad. >> We always like sharing your faces with your family. >> Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> I want to thank you. >> Thank you. >> Yeah. >> Sure. >> So, did you mom and dad watch Seinfeld or Kernick growing up? I literally watched Kier Bernette and I know they might have been watching Coke. >> We'll have to ask them. That is a great question. >> She's going to have to ask them if they watch that show >> cuz I'm I don't like J&amp;Z. So it's like show came out in 1967. >> Okay. I bet they did. I bet they did. >> I would bet. That's cool. Well, thank you for the question. I'll ask them. >> Was that good? >> Cool. Enjoy your day today. >> Thanks for coming to say hello. >> Yeah, you too. Pleasure. What's your first name? >> Sandy. >> Sandy. >> Yes, ma'am. Awesome. >> Can I get your daughter? >> Oh, yeah. >> I know. I probably don't know you on the >> I think I want to get his DBC. >> I think when Gail comes around, I think want to get his autograph. >> I'm going to tell him that. That's so sweet. >> Well, enjoy your day. >> Bye. >> I know. Their shirts are fun, aren't they? I should have asked them where they got them. All right, so somebody asked for Jew. That was sweet. Um, somebody asked for the jewelry shop. So, let's head in there. >> We'll start in the this way and we'll work our way forward. I also need to plug in. We're getting a little low. So, we'll do that here in a second. >> Yes, Frogger for sure. Shopping with Jenna is the best. A thank you. You guys are so sweet. >> We always love bringing you guys in the shops. >> They have all the stony clover. They've got a lot of log here. They sure do. >> So fun. And then all of these. I love all the bags that they have right now. Those are cute. >> So cute. >> I love the pearly looking one as well. The black. >> That fun. And I think they're Disney, so they're not quite as >> agree. Expensive. >> They are $39.99. >> Nice. That's better. Yeah. Love that. This is pretty, too. Oh my goodness. >> Same. Same. Okay. >> A Thanks, Benjamin. Hey, David T. How are you today? These are uh Pandora, I believe. So, Pandora rings. This one's fun. >> It's a cute newspaper. Oops. We have Minnie Mouse Doney. This gives me Kate Spade vibes, doesn't it? >> Yeah. >> Yes. >> So cute. >> Really cute. >> 228. >> Yeah. >> Jiren has this one. I remember her wearing this. Oh, yeah. When she was here. >> Hello, Amy. How are you today? Here's one of the Doney ears that are available right now. And then a giant Doneyian Burke. >> Mhm. >> I mean, it's supposed to be for like luggage and stuff, but if I had it, I'd be afraid to use it and get it dirty. >> And then it's like, what's the point? >> Be a little nervous about putting this in like the overhead on >> Yeah, cuz it's white. >> You wouldn't want it to get scratched. >> It would get dirty. >> Very cute though. >> They're meant to be used. >> That is what they're meant for. You're right. >> Let go of my, you know, >> I know. >> Getting Yep. Exactly. Got the castle loungefly that has fireworks that light up which is so fun. >> Hi, girly girl. >> A bingo bag. Yeah, you can put your bingo stuff in there. >> I like that idea. >> Pretty. I like it. >> I do like these earrings. Those are fun. Oh, this one's new. I think >> that's really pretty. It >> is pretty. I like those earrings, too. >> Those are really Yeah. So pretty. The Tinkerbell one is fun. There's lots of gold. I wonder if that's, you know, getting to be >> Yep. More gold now. >> Seems like it see a lot of gold fixtures, too, in houses. >> You're right. Yeah, maybe they're starting to bring it bring it back. >> I do like these. Oh, that's a a bracelet looks like. And the earrings are pretty. So, I think they're supposed to be hearts. Oh, those are really cute. The lemons, the strawberries, pretzels, Mickey ice cream bars, and >> do those are cute. The lemons. >> Aren't those pretty? >> Yeah. >> I'm curious what they have left. >> Mhm. >> I'm so glad last Monday we got our >> necklace. I'm wearing it today. >> These are pretty. They do have the Walt Disney World one. These are next on my list. I like those a lot. Or >> I like the Rapunzel. >> Oh, that's pretty. So pretty. Oh, they have the rose from Belle to wait. What's this? Oh, Stitchy an angel. So cute. Oh, I have Stitchy. Oh my goodness. I have Stitchy Valentine's ears. I should have Or earrings. I forgot. I got them at the outlet. I should have wore them today. I'm going to have to find them. Oh, these match our earring or these earrings match our earrings. Our our rings. That would mean the same pair, Jenna. Okay. >> They match our rings. >> Oh, the rings that you got us for Christmas. >> That's pretty. Uhhuh. Christmas. Yeah. >> Oh, this is cute. That is tiny. Does that match? That matches, too. >> Good afternoon, Susie. Hey, Disney magic. >> Those are very cute. >> Really pretty. I think Rachel said she got this one, too. >> This whole line. >> I know. I love the girls. >> These are pretty. >> There's the Disney sign. Ooh, this is pretty. I don't think I've seen this castle one for a while. >> Yeah, that and the ones with the red. >> Yeah, the red ones and the bows. And that one. >> That brace looks really pretty, too. >> Yes, it really is. >> Hi. This is not good for my wallet. Cool. >> These are the really expensive ones, but they're beautiful. Little pricey. >> Mhm. Your birth stones over here. >> Oh, these bracelets are pretty. All the nice things. Mhm. Oh, I like those with the the Disney D. Gorgeous. >> I like that pink one in the back and the that pink. >> Oh, yeah. That is really pretty. >> Shade mini. >> They have earrings to match. >> Of course they do. >> You're making your shopping list very long. I get that. Totally get that. All right, let's go into the next room. The theater. One of each. That's right. That's funny. This is cute. Very collegic. >> That is awesome. >> Yeah. >> $54.99. >> Yeah, that is really cute. >> Yeah, >> this time of year. >> Yeah, it's not as thick as some of them. >> They've got the Valentine ears. However, they are out of the ones that Sharon and I are wearing today. These guys. >> Mhm. And then there's a mini. And then there was a Mickey, too. I didn't get the Mickey. He had little hearts in his eyes. >> You didn't get Minnie or Mickey. >> Yeah. But those are cute. Like just together. >> Eeyore. If you want to be Eeyore. And there's two random Haunted Mansioners. >> Just two random. >> Uhhuh. They got the giant bags here. A friend of ours, Melissa, who is touring as Miranda, is Mrs. is Doubtfire on the Broadway National Tour. She's in Magic Kingdom today. Oh, okay. >> Wow. >> Well, that's cool. >> Super cool. David. >> Oh, is she here for the Broadway series or is she just randomly here for >> Oh, that's a great question. Yeah. Is she here for the Broadway series? >> Thankfully. Thankfully for my wallet. I can't stand necklace things around my neck. Oh, okay. This is fun. >> Really? I noticed this on shopping. >> See my dad wear that. I really like it. >> It's a nice shirt. >> It's just a nice >> 42.99. >> Simple. >> Yep. >> Laying on the back. >> That is good. Uh Ariel Allen. >> It does. That's right, Ryan. Very cool. >> Hello, Marissa. Uh I Wait, I am going to the Run Disney Princess Marathon for the 5K. We'll be there. >> Oh, yes. Cool. That's awesome. Oh, they have >> they have more things. >> This is very 90s, isn't it? >> And then there's something >> '90s things coming back. >> Things out right now. >> This looks very 90s, too. >> Oh, yeah. This reminds me of something um Will would have worn in Fresh Prince, >> right? Yep. Like the color, the different color >> blocking, whatever. I think it was color blocking. I'm trying to remember my fashion. Yeah. >> And then Fresh Prince World like Yeah. >> Yeah. Full house. >> And now it smells delicious. Oh, this is where they have the strawberry um pie cookies. Yeah. Right here. Peanut butter and jelly cookie pie. That is definitely a sharable item right there. And delicious. >> And delicious. Oh, look at the tiny little flowers. Oh my goodness. I bet those are over in the crystal shop. >> Oh, very cool, Megan. Nerd. These are yummy. If you've never had them, >> I've never had that. >> They are so good. The ears are marshmallow. The inside is the best chocolate cake. And I'm not a chocolate cake fan. >> It tastes more like a brownie to me. >> Okay. >> So good. They still have the Starlight popcorn. Got the M&amp;M popcorn. Are they out of Oh, no. Here it is. >> The Valentine. Yep. Here it is. >> Hi. And do they have the >> Oh, yeah. They got plenty of them. The other day they were selling out. So, >> if you want the Poly Oh, the >> the Fantasy Land one is gone, though. >> All right. Here you go. We absolutely love watching you in Miami. My son Marcelo asked, "Is that Josh and Jenna? Can I say hi?" As if he knows you all. A I love that. Well, hello to your son. Thanks for watching. All right, let's pull over so I can uh plug in. It really does. Um, let's see. Let's go over there, I guess, and I can prop my bag up and Oh, and then we could go in the theater. They have a >> Oh, yeah. a shop in there as well. Thanks for uh almost 900 likes and 1,700 people in the chat. Actually, let's go that over there. That looks less busy and in the shade, which is weird to say. Usually, we're like, go in the sun. There we go. >> Um, yeah. Thank you. I might have you actually hold the people. >> The people. There we go. >> Thank you. Oh, yeah. The Broadway series in Jacksonville. Oh, okay. Nice. >> Thanks, Stephen. >> The Broadway series in Jacksonville. Oh, get a drink, too. >> Didn't know there was a Broadway series in Jacksonville either. David, when you guys come down, you'll have to go to the Broadway series over in Epcot. >> Yes. >> I'm sure that Izzy, if she's coming with you, would love to see the performers. >> That's a different David. >> Oh, different David. Sorry. >> But that's all good. You didn't know. >> I didn't pay attention to which David we were talking about. >> All good. He has a daughter, too. His daughter. Well, I don't know if she still works on the wish or does she work on the treasure now? >> That's fun. forget. >> Everyone's having a good time except for >> Okay, hang on. Let's see. >> Yep. It was time to plug in. >> Yes, we're getting low. >> All right, let's see. I don't want to. >> There we go. Thank you very much. Perfect. So, let's pop in here. Oh, they're doing some refurb on this, too. probably painting or something. 30 minute. No, 35 to meet Mickey Mouse right now. >> When you're done, >> what paint your house? >> Oh, yeah. Of course. >> The drywall catch. >> Uh-huh. I love this plan. >> Then I don't have to do it. >> Okay. That doesn't look 35 minutes. >> Here's Mr. Toad. Everybody say hello. Right. Oh, I like this one. They got the guy with the pigs. He's always my my favorite. Of course, the pirate doggy. >> Pirate red. And that guy, the skeleton. It's not a bad weight for Mickey. No, you're right. Rose, >> man, now I want to go eat at Tony's. I got him. He's so cute. Jeppetto and Pinocchio and Present City. And they've got these beautiful dolls. We have Aurora Belle. They're $129. And then we've got Ema for $149.99. Oh, she's not with Disney Cruise Line. Oh, okay. Currently with Oak Street Health. Oh, okay. A, that's cool, David. Very nice. Hi, Scott. Okay, these are fun. Oh, ride. They look like ride posters, but like 3D, of course. >> Happy Monday. Hi, Lynn. Thank you so much. Oo, I like this. It's Fantasy Land at Disneyland cuz there's Casey Jr. and then there's fireworks in the back. There's um Matterhorn. I always want to call it Everest. >> Got Madam Leota over here. >> And this is amazing. How cool is that? I love that. >> 169. >> Horrible considering the price. Considering what you're getting. >> I know. Isn't that fun? It's his desk with >> There's a plane on the desk. That is really fun. >> Comes in a nice box. >> Yeah. Disneyland. Oh, so it's for the 70th. >> Yeah. >> Oh, this is adorable. It's 169 as well. And then this is 109. >> Oh my gosh, I love this. I remember this from the book where they played the stick game and they'd throw the stick down and then they run to the other side and see who's came through first. So cute. >> Tim wants Walt. >> Tim wants what? >> Walt. >> Oh, the Walt. Yes. >> Mhm. >> Me too, Tim. >> Very fun. Okay. Did I hear think I hear the dapper dance? Maybe not. No, I guess not. You did the right order. >> Let's go up on the train station and get a beautiful view. >> Since there's no parade going on right now, we can go up there and get that great view. >> Can also go up, of course, to to get on the train. Look, I'm doing more stairs >> for my health app. I can put double stairs. >> Really answer that. It is, you know. >> Yes. Very truthfully. >> Stairs. >> Mhm. >> I wonder if it's a mold or a 3D print. Yeah, that's a great great question. I would say mold, but >> on what? >> On the Walt statue over there. >> Great question. That was a question that was never asked of me when I was young, >> right? I know. Cuz they didn't have 3D. Yeah. >> This whole 3D printing thing. >> I know. Oh, look at that. >> I didn't even think about that. >> Oh my word. Look at the omnibus coming down. That was us earlier in the crowd. >> It's a great view. >> This is a great view. Do you guys spot the omnibus? I almost can't see it with all the people. >> Surprising. >> Me, too. And Mara says, "Should we get Roy for Ivone?" That's funny cuz if you guys don't know, she thought the Walt Disney statue would have got was Roy. >> Or we get her Walt and then we ask her, "Do you know who this is?" >> Do you know who this is? There you go. She does now. I think Tim gave her such a hard time. So funny. >> He says, "If I find one, I'm so buying it for her." That's awesome. It is moving. I thought maybe it was Oh, look. There's something going on at the castle. It's probably the castle show. >> Oh, >> I see smoke. >> Oh, no. I think they're just testing it. >> Either that or it's, you know, >> on fire. >> Having an issue. >> I didn't want to like alarm anybody and say on fire, you know. >> Oh, yeah. No, I think they're just testing. >> That's cool, though. >> That's really cool. >> It is a great view with the music, isn't it? >> Beautiful. Beautiful. Okay. Is the bus stopped? Did it break down? Oh, no. No. Okay. I just heard a honk. I'm like, uhoh. >> Here it goes. Yeah. Way too many people. Maybe Dale's cooking. Oh, boy. I hope he's not catching fire to my castle. No, Dave. No, definitely not. Hey, classy Disney mom. How are you today? Here it comes. Oh, this is a good song for Valentine's. My hand has been doing this weird thing where I wonder if it's a pinched nerve or something cuz when I'm holding the phone, like the gimbal, all of a sudden it just wants to give out. >> Oh. Like it just I mean I can >> I can hold it up but it just feels like it could just Yeah. >> I love it. Awesome. Beautiful dressing. So cool. >> Oh, and there's the train. I mean, we could get on the train if you guys want. >> Really look like No. >> It really doesn't. Do you guys want to ride the train? Might as well. Let's let them. >> We'll let them get off. Well, might as well go away. It's right here. >> You get to hear Stitch going. >> I know. That's my favorite. Oh, it's wet there. I love this train station, too. It's so pretty. Oh, collectible train medallions. Okay, we might have to get dad one of those sometime. Those are fun. >> Yep. Okay, let's do the >> trainit. >> All right, wait and then we'll get on the train. >> Can't beat the train. Beautiful day. Here we go. >> Hi Oh, see, >> let's go here. >> Thank you. >> And then there's nobody in front of us either. >> Everyone in just everyone knows we're traveling backwards in reverse to Fantasy Land. So, if you want to face the direction that we are traveling, you want to be facing the back of the train. We are going backwards to Fantasy Land. If your back is seats in the back of the train, you will be riding backwards. Now the time to change seats if needed. >> We'll be stopping at Fantasy Land. You can stay on or get off. The choice is yours and then we'll be coming forward to Main Street. These are the only two stations the shuttle will be stopping at. So if your destination is not Fantasy Land or Main Street, unfortunately, you will have to walk to wherever you're trying to get to. Once again, we're going backwards in reverse to paper land. So, if your back is facing the back of the train, you're riding backwards. >> Now's the time to change seats if needed. like we're going back in time. >> All right, guys. Here we go. >> I know. It is nice that they tell you. >> It is nice. >> Some people can't. >> Yeah. And I get that. Oh, there goes a Montreal. How are you? All right. Hopefully. >> Yep. Backwards to Tomorrowland. >> That's like going back to the future. That's right. Backwards to Tomorrowland. Yes. Back to the future. Exactly. >> And guys, don't forget at 1:00 there will be a video on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Um it's from Marty Girl at Universal Studios. And uh we show you the merch, the food, we try food, we show you the tribute store, and then a really big announcement right at the end of the video so you don't >> Welcome aboard folks. Thanks for joining our trip to Fantasy Land. Throughout our journey, please make sure your hands, arms, feet, legs, parasolles, and bowler hats stay inside the train. And please keep an eye on our junior riders. By now, you've probably noticed I'm not just conducting the train today. I'm also conducting a bit of an experiment. You know the old saying, sometimes you have to go backward to go forwards. Well, today we're putting that to the test by heading to Storybook Circus Caboose first. And Tomorrowland is the perfect place for experimentation. That's why I invited my favorite little experiment to ride along with us today. Folks, say hello to experiment 626. Although you might know him as >> Stitch. >> Mr. Conductor, can Stitch drive the train? I can do it. Choo choo. All aboard. >> Well, Stitch, I was thinking you could be my co-conductor for a spell and help me tell our passengers about all the wonderful sights and sounds in Tomorrowland. >> Yeah, look at that. >> Stitch got this. Welcome to tomorrow to left marorrow to right more marrow stitch too good >> you're a natural stitch >> and stitch blow the whistle >> not just yet my friend there are so many more exciting things to talk about in tomorrowland >> more exciting than a whistle >> you bet you see that astroorbiter stitch from up there in those rockets you can see everything in Tomorrowland, including the Tomorrowland Speedway. >> Oh, but Stitch have no driver's license. >> You don't need a license to drive in Tomorrowland, Stitch. >> No license? No problem. Stitch love going fast. Almost as much as Stitch loves to blow the whistle. >> If you want to go fast, Stitch, why not race across the grid with Team Blue on Tron Light Cycle Run? >> Team Blue. Stitch is blue. >> Stitch, I think you'd make a wonderful addition to the grid. >> Well, would you look at that? It's almost whistle time. >> Scurry on down to the other end of the train and use that big old please on the engineer. And don't forget to use those thank yous. You have access to the eyes. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Well done, Stitch. >> Say, you want to stick around and help me introduce these fine folks to Story Book Circus? >> I think you'll love it, Stitch. You'll see great feats of strength. >> Stitch is strong. Watch >> animals of all shapes and sizes. >> I look cute and fluffy. >> You bet your bottom dollar. There are even elephants with ears so large they can fly as high as the rockets we just left behind. >> Power at story book circus around in Tomorrowland. Anything is possible. >> Woo! Let's join circus. >> Sounds like you've got some experimenting to do. Bring them out early. We don't know the other side. We all get our friends. >> Well, folks, thanks for riding along with me. I mean us. As we arrive, please stay seated until we come to a complete stop. Gather your belongings and little ones before exiting the train. And be sure to wait until you're safely on the platform to unfold those strollers. And now, friends, travelers, children of all ages, welcome to the stupendous, the sensational, the spectacular fantasy land story book circus. Next stop, Main Street, USA. >> As we pull into the station, please remain fully seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs completely inside the train inside those red until I see the door is all clear. Only then will it be safe to stand and exit the train. But until that time, please remain fully seated as we are still in motion. Please remain fully seated, folks. We still have a little ways to go. Please remain seated. Not yet, folks. We're all clear. Welcome to Fantasy Land Station, your gateway to Fantasy Land and Tomorrowland. Thank you for riding the Wolf Railroad. Our next stop, Main Street, USA. >> Okay. I almost dropped you guys. That would not have been good. >> You're welcome. >> All right. That was always That was fun. I was going to say that's always fun, but we just did it. >> I mean, it is always fun. >> We've done it before. >> Coming out this way. You want to meet Donald and Daisy? Everyone's going to be right behind us. >> Oh, all righty. Donald and Daisy >> over here on the left. Meeting and greeting being adorbs. A >> so cute. >> So cute. Okay. Well, let's cut through here because they don't have the water going. It doesn't look like and let's chat about another sponsor. We've got Behind the Ride. Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified by David Mower. These are books on Amazon. You can get the hardcover copy. You can get the ebook and you can get the audio book for Disney Demystified. So, go check all out Disney Demystified and Behind the Ride by David Mumpower on Amazon. And don't forget, right? Oh, right now actually, um, the new video is up on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Sure is. >> No, it's not. >> They just said, "That's a selfie stick. How'd she get that in?" I said, "No, it's not." They were very concerned. Um, okay. So, the new video is right here on our channel. The moppers can post it. Um, right here. Marty girl and a big announcement. Let's see. I'm gonna pull over because actually, let's go in the shade because it's hard to see it. It's so bright. It's very bright out. >> Very bright. >> Here we go. There. And Mara just posted the link. Oh, no. That's the link for Disney. I'm sure he'll post the link. But here is the video. And look, we got to meet Prince Gator. So, it's over on Adventures of Don and Dale. On Amazon, >> not on Amazon. >> Wow, >> guys. We sell our videos on Amazon. Okay, it's time to go get food. >> The stickers. >> How about YouTube? >> Sorry, I got so distracted by this. You mean by this by those people >> if it was on Amazon >> by those people being rude and then this guy being rude. I got so so distracted. Oh my goodness. It's all good though. Most of the people are nice. >> Oh, there we go. All right. Don't be rude. Don't be rude. >> Don't be rude. Amara just posted the link. Thank you so much, Amara. All right, let's head back out since we've already been in here. >> Be nice. Be nice. >> The giggles. I know. >> It's It's only It's only 1:00. >> You know what time it is? It's food. >> Yes. And then coffee o'clock. But yes, you're right. >> That's it. We need coffee. >> This is why I don't do all day streams by myself. By the end of the day, I wouldn't be talking. You would just It would just be the screen showing you around Disney. Oh my goodness. Yeah, squirrel. Okay, so it's over on YouTube, not Amazon. Go check out the video and the big announcement as well. Hope you guys enjoy that video and I cannot wait for you to hear the announcement again. and it's at the end of the video. So, watch it all the way through so you can hear what the announcement is. And please don't just rewind, you know, to the end. Fast forward to the end. Watch the video. It was a lot of fun. Dale and I had a great day. Leave a comment um in the video >> over on Adventures of Den and Dale. And let's go. Apple dude, don't ruin it. Oh, >> yeah. Nobody's saying anything. >> He definitely fast forward cuz he didn't watch it. All right, guys. Well, we are going to wrap up the video so you can head over there and watch the video. Go over and watch it. We would really appreciate it. And Mara, if you don't mind just taking that comment down, that would be great for one of the moppers just so it doesn't ruin it for everybody else. >> I would do it, but I I'd have to change to resort TV. Uh, let's go this way, actually. But all right, guys. Thanks for watching. Thanks for hanging out with us today. Um, I'm hoping to have a vlog right here on Resort TV 1 on Wednesday morning. So stay tuned for that if I can get it ready. And then I might have a stream Wednesday evening. So again, stay tuned. Thanks everybody. Almost got 1,000 likes. Appreciate that. go over by the castle again and uh say goodbye and we're going to go get some food and then coffee in that order. Food and coffee. Hope you guys have a good rest of your Monday. Thanks fussy dizzy mom. Thanks David. Thanks Aaron. Thank you Lane. Thanks Jedi Master. Thanks, Plymouth Rock. And if you're watching the replay, we really appreciate you guys as well. Let me pull up the uh platinum members as we're walking over here. See? stream. So, let me find them. Uh, oops, I hit the wrong button. Button. Button. Who's got the button? All right. We have we have Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy 1, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego, Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, um, Sorcerer Mickey, William Ly, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Paulie, The Amazing Jaylen Waxley, Scander Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Vismo, and Alan Chay. Thank you so much, guys, for being platinum members of the channel. Thanks to all of our members of the channel as well as our Patreon members as well as moppers, hoppers, shoppers, and boppers. Guys, look, the water's all drained. They're getting ready to do a lot of painting. And right here, you can see some of the painting that they've already done right here. All right, guys. Super fun day. Go over and watch the vlog. And Apple dude, I'm not I'm not mad. But thank you for watching. Thanks for uh hanging out. Really appreciate it. And let's uh just want everybody to go over and watch it. That's all. All right, let's selfie. And thanks to Sharon for hanging out. It's been a fun day. All right, and Josh will probably be live tomorrow, so stay tuned for Tranquil Tuesday and then um Wednesday video as well. So we'll see you guys soon. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. >> They're dancing. right there. It's just a kill.
