---
video_id: aSC2saViomE
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Magical Monday at Epcot - Spike the Bee Scavenger Hunt-Walt Disney World Live Stream -3-15-26"
published: 2026-03-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSC2saViomE
---
This feels good, right? All right. You ready? Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live for Magical Monday here at Epcot Flower and Garden Festival. We're We'll also be doing Spike the Bee scavenger hunt around the park. Before we get too far into the video, I want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all of the social media for Resort TV on all the things. Welcome in, guys. Get ready for some Spike singing. Who remembers the song from last year? Hi, Lady D. Hey, J. And Mara is here. Laura, Benjamin, Victorian, Riley, William, Joe Cool, Jay, Bright Line. Hello. Hello. Nebraska, mom. Oh, you're getting a winter storm. That is no bueno. I am so sorry. We're going to get a, you know, little bit of a chilly uh week as well for Florida at least. It's going to be low in the 40s, which is like unheard of this time of year. >> Here is uh Lots of bear right here being a dors. >> So cute. >> Welcome in, guys. So, uh, the park doesn't officially open till 9:00, so we cannot get in until 9. Um, if you have, um, early entry, if you're at a resort, you can get in over here. So, I just thought I'm here. I got here a little early. I wasn't sure how the crowds would be getting in. There was a line, but it it went fast since it is spring break. Let me know in the chat who is on spring break this week. Hi Benjamin. Hey Sierra's mom. Laura Disney teacher life. Uh Lucky Charm Shelby 11°. Oh my goodness, it's so cold. Hi Alan J. Good morning. Hi Jen. Riley is all right. A I'm glad she's on spring break. That is awesome. Are you guys getting any wind noise? Cuz it is windy. So again, this is the early entry. They have a checkpoint right here where they stop you and they'll uh scan one person in your party from the magic van. And uh Oh, that squirrel almost got ran over by people. Hi Spider-Man. Hi Bran. Britney is here. Week of April 20th. Oh, that's a late spring break. Hi Karen. So pretty. So yeah, we're going to be doing Spike the Bee scavenger hunt today. I cannot wait to uh take you guys. So this is where they're lining up everybody. Most people are going to be heading to Guardians and Test Track. Um and then they just walk you over there. So we're not going to do that. We're just going to enjoy. We might ride a ride, though. We have not I have not been on the land since uh Flower and Garden has started. So, we'll probably go do that and then we'll start our scavenger hunt. It is windy today. We got a ton of rain yesterday. Some people got some uh storms. Well, we got storms. We're supposed to get more rain this afternoon. I might need to buy a sweater. I am freezing. I thought I'd be okay. This is cute. I have been eyeing this one. Might be an add to cart. We'll see. This one's cute, too, though. I do really like that. >> And it looks nice and warm. Oh, here they have more. >> So, I love this one because they've got all the friends on the back, but the front is pretty plain. This one, it's on the front and the back is plain. Let's see what the price difference. $69.99. I think they're the same. Yeah, $69.99. Okay, this one's a little shorter. That one's a little longer. We'll see. It is supposed to get up to 80, so I'll tough it out. Hi, El. Good morning. Oh, you're so welcome. I'm excited for the scavenger hunt. And you can buy them right here in this shop. I already got mine opening day, actually, cuz I was afraid they'd sell out. But they've got the cutest little prizes. I've already showed you guys what the prizes look like. And uh probably going to pick up another one though. You can buy as many maps as you want um because mom wants another one. So, I'll do that later. Oh, Squirly, get out of the way. Don't get hurt. Oh, squirly ghost. >> Your spring break comes around Easter. Nice. >> I know. Whenever I taught school back in Indiana, ours was always the week of Easter. Yep. Well, this is the the area for >> Welcome, everybody. I'm here for ro drop at 9:00 a.m. I'm continue moving forward filling in all available space. Leaving the walkways open. >> We're just going to chill. Oh, look. There's a butterfly over here. How pretty. Love it. Hi, Catalina. Good morning, Lenny. Oh, yes. So, if you guys heard Yep. Last week, uh mom was in the hospital. She is home now. She got home on Friday. She's doing much, much better. Um, still got a, you know, some physical therapy and things that she needs to do, but she is doing so much better. Thank you for all of your thoughts and prayers. We really, really appreciate it. Um, but she is doing good. So, we're hoping to go sometime and get our Epic ticket switched because we couldn't go to Epic on the day we were supposed to go. So, um, hopefully she'll be good for walking here soon, but we'll see. She has been walking, just not as not a lot. Good morning, Ann. Not as much as she was doing before. Hi, Tony Hall. Hello. Hello. Love these little flowers. You just did the scavenger hunt. That's awesome. Donna, Dr. Dad. 16 days. So, we'll be there. Good morning. You're welcome. You need to pick up the squirrel. They are cute, but oh my goodness, they can uh they can be a little mean sometimes depending on the squirrel. Hi, Mr. Master. Oh yeah. No, those squirrels love the strollers cuz they know strollers equals food. So, if you're bringing your stroller, make sure you keep your food up. Hi, Nicole. Uh Shannon, hello. Heading to the gym in a little bit, but hoping to join after. So glad to hear that mom is doing well. Thanks, Shannon. Thanks, William. Hey, Orlando. Good to see you, too. Thank you so much. Thanks, Tony. Good morning, Stacy with an IIE. Oh, snow in Minnesota. Oh my goodness. Hey, Minnow of Main Street or Men of Main Street. Men of Main Street. There we go. I got it. Hi, L. Thank you. Tim is here. Hi, Tim. Tim, what are we going to be doing tomorrow? Tomorrow, right? Yeah, St. Patty's Day. That's right. St. Patty's Day tomorrow. Tim, tell everybody what we're going to do tomorrow. It's going to be crazy. We always do it though and we're ready for it. Hi, Scott. I had to think about if it was tomorrow or not. Got about seven more minutes. Hey, El Coffee. So, tomorrow Tim Tim maybe didn't hear me, but tomorrow is Run Disney registration. So, I'm excited. It's for the marathon weekend, which is in January. Dylan, I did the 10K this year in January. Um, and I can't decide. I definitely going to do the five cuz it's Pluto and I really want a Pluto medal. I think that would be fun, but I'm thinking about the 10 as well. It's also Trip andale themed. Um, so I don't know. D's already worn his green. That's right. Yes, Dale thought it was Oh, got the announcement. Come over here so you can hear it a little better. That's awesome. >> Walt Disney believed that imagination would lead humanity to achieve the impossible. Epcot was built on that dream. The celebration of our world and its promise. Today, we invite you to share in that celebration and hope that you too will be inspired by the magic of possibility. For your safety, please walk to your destination. [music] Thank you and enjoy the Epcot International Flower and Garden. [music] [music] All >> [music] [music] >> right. I love that opening. It's so good. I'm glad they added that. It just gets everybody excited. And Walt, you can hear Walt there at the beginning. It is amazing. Um, but I saw Jay Dog is here. Hey, Jay Dog. How are you this morning? Yes, Tim. That is right. We are going to be getting marathon weekend. I think Tim is doing the Dopey. I'm not planning on it. At least uh doing the Dopey. I want to do a half before I do the Dopey. I also just want to do a challenge before I do the Dopey. That's That's a lot. But um maybe the five and the 10. We'll see. Hi, Ally. Everybody's waiting for coffee. Exactly. That's exactly what they're doing. Um no, they've they're just walking everybody back probably to Tron, I'm assuming. Um, sick. >> Oh, that's >> Holy moly, Mr. Master. That is a lot of pins. A lot of pins. All right. This is where everybody has to pack their patient pants. Just walk. Just walk. >> Jay Dog's telling Tim He's a glutton for punishment. I love it. [laughter] >> Oh, Tim Tam in his dopey. >> Getting a second mortgage to pay for it. Oh my goodness. All right, I got to scoot over this one. Going right possibly. Going right. This is so squishy. >> Okay, we did it. Oh, >> that's okay. >> Yay. >> I love your Spike the Bee outfit. So cute. Good morning. You've got him. I love it. >> How'd you attach them? >> I used a couple of safety pins. >> So smart. >> So smart. >> And welcome to spring break. >> Yes, everybody. Welcome to spring break. This is crazy bananas, but we're here for it. >> Yes, we are. >> Hey, goofy grandpa. How are you? We got to say good morning to Walt, of course. >> Yes, of course. >> Um before we head on to our next destination, he said good morning to us while we were >> I love that opening. >> Me, too. It's so good. Everybody say hello, Uncle Walt. How you doing this morning? Hello, Smooth Joy State. [music] Benjamin is here. Jennifer says 5 days. So exciting. >> Oh, yay, Jennifer. >> Um so Sharon's got her spike to be. Let me show you my spike to be. Well, I'm kind of I have a shirt covering it right now, but I do have a Spike shirt on. I got my little Spike here and then the new ears for this year [music] cuz he's on them. >> Oh, I had to. >> I said to myself, I don't have any Spike ears, but I forgot he's on those. >> First years ever, but those work perfect. >> And I almost bought that shirt, by the way. Probably should. >> But I do have a Spike the Bee under here. It's chilly though this morning. >> Kind of chilly. >> I wasn't ready for it. >> I do have a jacket in my bag. I have all the things. I've got a big bag. Oh, I see that. Cute. All right. Well, before we start our scavenger hunt, I have not been on the land since Flower and Garden, so I thought it'd be fun to go do the land first thing. >> Too busy yet. [music] >> No, it shouldn't. Everybody's going that way. >> Everybody's rushing to Frozen. >> Frozen and >> Test Track and Guardians. >> Guardians. Exactly. Tim says, "Good morning, Roy." [laughter] Um, if you guys don't know the story, Ivonne thought that was Roy. I mean, they're brothers. >> Also, he finished he had to complete Epcot. So, I I see the >> That's why she thought it cuz she was like, "Well, Walt is at Magic." >> Also, Roy is there. >> Yes. Yes, he is. >> Sitting by Minnie on the bench. Um, >> we need a Roy statue here. >> Yeah, I agree. >> That he finished it. Yeah, agreed. We do need a Roy statue here. >> Love that plan. Good morning. Good morning. Oh, Mr. Master, where you at? Where is the rain picking up? >> Oh, >> we're not supposed to get rain here until later now. It pushed [music] it off, which I was so excited. >> Like 5. Yeah, >> just in time for the concerts. >> Yeah, exactly. >> Last night. >> Oh, I know. Hey, Indiana, did you go see concerts? [music] >> No. >> Good for you. Yeah, I >> went home. >> It was too yucky yesterday. >> Some friends did invite me. They had an extra like dining package. >> Yeah. >> And I said, "That's right. When the rain's going to end, so much for thinking of me. She's going to go home. >> Yeah. And [music] it poured. And it poured. Oh, I don't think I've seen this. Is that from Hoppers? >> Oh, cute. >> Oh, that's so cute. I want to go see that movie. [music] >> I want to see that movie. I hear such good things. >> Looks funny. Yeah, me, too. >> Look at him popping up for me. >> Oh my goodness. All right. Who's seen Hoppers in the chat? Let us know. >> I mean, you have to go see Hoppers. >> Seriously, though. And all of our hopper friends. >> Your hoppers. Yeah, >> exactly. Look at the little duck. >> Adorable. >> Oh my goodness. This is so cute. Good morning. So, one thing I was telling people on my Disney Springs vlog, which I posted yesterday, if you missed it, um, we saw the poster for Hoppers and they don't have any merch yet. For Hoppers, I noticed, >> which I think is weird because usually when they have a new movie, they have at least a little bit of merch. >> I noticed that. >> And I if they got a little lizard, I would so buy that. I don't even know if he what his character is, but he is a adorable charm. >> Exactly. He's so cute. Uh, Anthony saw it. Awesome. I went and [music] saw it. Is really good. Oh, cool. Awesomeness. All right. Into the land. We already found a spike. We'll add him to the list later. >> I got my uh map, so we're good to go. Bonnie says, "I've seen Hoppers and it was a cute movie." Oh, cool. Amazing. Good morning. >> All right. >> Yeah, it's supposed to get up to 82. We'll see. >> Yeah, >> today might be a day where I'm like, if it doesn't get up to 82, I might have to buy a sweater. [laughter] >> Oh, darn. >> Darn it. This This helps, but it's not that warm. >> It's all good. Tim says, "I see hoppers in the chat." That's close, right? Totally. >> Good one, Tim. >> Hi, Pinocchio. Jerry, good morning. How are you? All right. I think they're all going to Saurin, so we're going to go the opposite way. [music] >> Yes. Ah, nice and calm in here. I love the land. There's no line. This is amazing. See, this is why I love doing this in the morning. It's not everybody's first choice, and I get it. They want to go to the big ones that get, >> you know, longer lines throughout the day. >> Morning. So, we might get a little lag on the land, but just be ready for it and uh refresh if you do get some lag. Thanks for 244 likes already. Keep Up up up on the like button. Subscribe if you're new as well. Love to add you to the resort hopper family. Hey chicken dog from blizzard warning, Wisconsin. Oh my goodness, Jerry. That's so cold. >> Stay safe. I mean, we are going to be in the 40s tonight, which is weird. >> Yeah. >> All right, guys. I'm going to do a little switch of the connection. Good morning. [music] Shouldn't blip because I already did the signing in part. So, this should be good. Hi, Lisa. [music] That would be so cool. >> Hi. >> Good morning. >> Thank you so much. >> Welcome to Living with the Land. >> All right, guys. Just like he said, enjoy living with the land. >> [music] >> in the sight of life. Heat. Beneath the surface of the land trap water from the flowing mud, extracting precious nutrients and minerals. These elements were combined with sunlight universal living systems around land. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. In the desert, nature has created a very different if no less beautiful living system. And while this arid landscape may seem lifeless, it is very much alive. The plants and animals that have learned to survive in these harsh conditions make use of what little water they can find and avoid the scorching rays of the relentless sun. Appeared as desolate as the desert. But over time, rainwater and nutrients gradually penetrated the hard surface of this land. Even the hooves of the mighty buffalo helped create the rich soil and would one day become home to the American farm. found effects. The need to produce food for a growing world led to the enormous use [music] and sometimes overuse of the land. In our search for more efficient ways to grow food, we often fail [music] to realize the impact of our methods. [music] >> Today, we're learning [music] to live with the land, discovering better ways to grow food that will assure both human and environmental wellbeing. that [music] by mixing leaves and other living materials in our soil, we can make farmland more fertile without the need for chemicals. [music] Here at Epcot, we're learning to reduce the need for chemical pesticides by breeding and using natural predators like ladybugs and wasps to control pests. In the farmlands across America, we're learning that by plowing under vegetation containing natural fertilizers, we can enrich the soil without the chemical. In arid regions, we're learning to produce food on desert sea coasts by developing and planting crops that thrive on salt water. In Japan, [clears throat] How will we meet tomorrow's growing needs for food production yet still respect the needs of the land? Some of the answers are being discovered just ahead. To help us maintain these carefully controlled ecosystems and for your safety, please remain seated in your boat at all times. Welcome to our living laboratories where scientists from Epcot and the US Department of Agriculture are exploring innovative ways to produce bountiful harvests now and into the future. The tropics are home to the greatest diversity of plants on the planet. Many of these like papaya, bananas, cacao, coffee, and rice are well known around the world. These are just a few of the edible plants that have been an important source of nutrition for people living in the tropics. Many are rich in vitamins and minerals, while others are well adapted to growing in less than ideal conditions. Some, like the water villain, thrive in wet, swampy areas and waterways. All parts of this plant, even the flower petals, are edible. The starchy root of the plant has long been used to make flour for baking. One day, many of these lesserknown tropical plants may be as important as the bananas growing on both sides of the boat. More than 28 million tons of bananas are eaten annually, making it the most popular fruit in the world. Heat. Heat. When we mention farming, you probably don't think of fish, but fish farming or aquaculture accounts for nearly half of all the consume gold, tilapia, bass, and catfish like the ones you here are three of the more popular crops raised by fish farmers. The sustainable system we're using here recycles the water in the tanks. As a result, we're able to save billions of gallons each year. Our small fish produces nearly 5,000 lb of fish each year to serve in restaurants around Walt Disney World. Innovations like this one can play an important role in our efforts to produce valable harvests that still protect natural resources. While there are more than 50,000 edible plant species in the world, most of us are only familiar with the handful that make up our everyday diet. The common grains growing here, wheat, maize, sorghum, and millet, plus rice, account for nearly 2/3 of our global food consumption. Learning how to increase yields of these staples is an important goal of research around the world. These plants are definitely on their way up. Innovative growing techniques like these increase yields while more efficiently using resources like water, fertilizer, and pesticides. Another innovation at work here is our integrated pest management program. By populating our green houses with beneficial insects that prey on harmful pests like aphids and flies, we are significantly reducing our reliance on conventional pesticides. We're growing these crops using our nutrient film system. This technique precisely controls and recycles water and nutrients. With it, we can produce over 27,000 heads of lettuce a year in this one small area. United States. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. The future of agriculture may include innovative ideas like this vertical growing system. Plants grown in this way use a fraction of the space required by traditional growing methods that saves water and increases production. The aquaponic system on your left combines hydroponics with aquaculture. The fish provide a natural source of fertilizer for the plants and the plants help keep the water clean for the fish. It's another great way to produce more while using less. In our lab, Epcot scientists are working with the US Department of Agriculture on a number of innovative projects. The goal of these efforts is to produce higher yielding and better quality plants. Eventually, you [music] >> [music] >> These green houses represent just a fraction of the work being done worldwide to produce bountiful harvests for our growing population. >> [music] >> Scientists, farmers, and even backyard gardeners are doing their [music] part to improve the quantity and quality of foods that we are. Together, we can continue to find more ways to [music] increase food production and protect our precious natural environment. Only then will we truly be living with the land. [music] >> [music] >> On behalf of Walt Disney World, we hope you've enjoyed this unique journey through our living laboratory. If you'd like [music] a closer look, then check out the behind the scenes walking tour. It's a chance for the [music] whole family to get up close and personal with the plans and growing techniques in our lab. >> [music] >> Please keep your hands and feet inside the boat and remain seated until the boat comes to a complete stop. [music] >> [music] >> All right, guys. What a great ride. And I have to show you. Wait. Yes. There is nobody on our boat. It's just us. >> Isn't that crazy? >> It was so nice of them to bring us. >> It was for us. >> So nice. Nice. >> All right, guys. >> Please gather all your personal belongings. Lower your head and watch your step as you exit. >> All right. Amazing. No work today. Snowed in. Oh my goodness, that's crazy. Stay safe, but glad you're, you know, get to stay home and enjoy the stream. All right, I did see uh Jason uh congrats on 20 months of Resort Hopper Blonds. Happy magical Monday. All excited to spend some time with you all at my favorite park and favorite festival. Good morning, Jenna. A thank you, Jason. Thank you so much for uh being a member for 20 months. You really appreciate it, Jason. >> All right, guys. Let me uh fix that quality there. All right, we did it. We bumped it up. >> All right. It's such a great ride, isn't it? It's just calm. It's so nice. >> Yeah, me too. They added some really pretty flowers and different like, you know, little things around. which was awesome. >> So, I even saw some hanging bees. I spotted a spiked bee. >> They weren't spiked, but you know, little bees. Yeah, they were like this big, and they had them like hanging, so with the wind, you know, or the air going, I guess, they were moving around. It was cute. Hi, Jamie. Good morning. >> That's right. Thanks, William. Don't forget to bop the like button, everybody. lets YouTube know you're enjoying the stream and then it shares it out to more friends. >> Hello, Zelina. Noella is here. Lorraine, hello. Hello. All right. Well, we're going to get our map out. Get it ready. Hey, Daryl and Victoria. How are you guys today? Hi, Rob. Hello to RZY Ruru. I love your name. So cute. So [music] glad to catch your stream on this gloomy day at work here in Jersey. It's a gloomy day here in Florida, but you know, gloomy day in Disney is better than a gloomy day at home. >> So, hello. How are you? >> Good to see you. >> Good to see you, too. Hi. A What's your name? >> You say Savannah. >> Savannah. A You're so cute. >> We [music] watch you all the time. Does she look familiar? >> Hello. Do you want to say hi on the stream or no? >> Yeah, we will. >> Okay. Tell me where you guys are from. >> We're from Westchester. >> Okay. >> Awesome. >> We have family watching from Indiana. >> Oh, cool. >> Hi, Chris, Jim, Noah, and everyone. >> Jenna, also I was going to ask what your That's awesome. I don't meet very many Jenna. That's awesome. Very cool. >> Good to meet you guys. What was your name? >> James. >> James. Jay's I love it. And then what? >> Marsha and Tom. >> Awesome. Nice to meet you guys. Thanks for watching. We appreciate it. >> You guys. >> Yeah, you too. Have fun. Bye. >> Hey, Jonathan. How are you? >> All right, we will pull over and get the map out. >> It's in my backpack. Let's see. I guess let's just go over here on the bench. It's a little wet, but [music] it'll do. >> Um, sure. I'll have you all the people. >> Yeah. Thank you. Oh, the people. >> Good morning, people. [music] Okay, so this is our Spike the Bee >> scavenger hunt. >> There he is being cute. And I did already get it stamped so I could pick up my [music] >> prize early. Your prize before they ran out. >> I was afraid. Yeah. >> But [music] here it is. So, we're going to be going to all these different places. >> And then we have to find the item um that goes that he's holding or that's nearby. I think it's maybe on like a little [music] >> Yeah. Yeah. I noticed like that one there tomato. >> Mhm. So, we'll go over there to make it official, but >> Awesome. >> We already know our first one is [music] tomato. >> All right. Thank you. I'll put you in charge of the map if you don't mind. N >> All right. Let's go over and see this one officially. >> All right. >> And then uh We'll put on our sticker. [music] [music] >> Um, we already covered one of the concerts for the festival. If you missed it opening night, we went to um, ABBA. Um, but >> they were so good. We'll probably do some more depending. The only problem with doing them on the live streams is [music] it's it's a definite copyright. So, it just depends on, you know, that night or what we're wanting to do. [music] But anyway, here he is. Here's little Spike. And he has a tomato. [music] So, a tomato plant looks like growing. You can even see the tiny little tomatoes right there. Isn't that cute? Love that. Okay. So, Sharon, what's that? >> Oh, I said, "And how do you know which garden this is?" >> Oh, yeah. That's what I wanted. >> Good point. Okay, so >> um Donald's cuz Donald's right there. >> Oh, >> yeah. >> Look how smart. I had some coffee. >> Hi, Karen. [laughter] >> All right, >> we're going. So, obviously we're looking for the topiary. >> Yes, >> that makes a lot of sense. >> You know, it's fine. But also, we're going to go over probably cuz we're we're not far from there. >> Let's go to the butterfly garden. >> See him? He's gone. >> This way. Yeah, >> we have Huie, Dewey, and Louie being adorbs. Oops. [music] >> You can buy the Spike the Bee garden steak. Yes, you can. And I really want to buy him. He's so cute. >> Oh, look at him. They're They're putting flowers in as we speak >> and making them look pretty >> like a garden. You could use him as a garden. >> Yeah, he's Yeah, he's uh he's about $50, but he's a [music] nice decent size. He's adorable. >> I kind of want them. I'm not going to lie. Oh, what's this one? >> Frozen island. >> Get the ball. >> Oh, there they are. >> With tuna or without tuna. >> Okay. Oh, I would do without tuna. >> Me, too. It actually sounds really fresh. Lots of it does, you know, veggies [music] and stuff and steamed rice and the pan sounds good, too. >> Oh, I wonder if that's Oh, [music] it is plant-based. Okay, >> I might be able to do that. >> Except for matcha. I'm not a matcha fan. >> Oh, I don't know either. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Just not a fan. >> Yep. >> I know other people are and that's good. I just can't do it. >> Oh, here's pictures. I like pictures. >> Oh, it's only it's a tiny bit. It >> is a tiny bit. >> It's not much. So, I might be able to do that. That looks delicious. Yeah, might do that instead. >> Mhm. >> So, these are the Poké Ball. >> It's just like a regular, it's not a, you know, >> it's not alcohol alcoholic, so it's just nice and refreshing. >> Yeah, >> that looks good, too. I've never had edetammonic edame, however you say it. >> Dirt. That's what matcha tastes like to me. >> But yeah, the table sounds really good to me. >> It does. So, over here should be Oh, I spotted it. Little spike. >> Yes, there's >> in the butterfly garden. Here he is. And what does he have? He has [music] salvia, a type of flower. >> There we go. >> Got it. Looks like there's a bunch of purple. Really pretty. >> So pretty. All right. >> Butterfly garden. >> We did it. Two down, more to go. And while we're here, we might as well go see some butterflies. [music] We saw Spike here. Let's zoom in on him. Give >> a good little view. Hello, little spike. You're [music] cute. Now, let's go in here. >> Hi. [singing] >> Morning. >> Good morning. >> So pretty. >> Okay. Not seeing any butterflies so far. Oh, there's some. Or at least one. Oh, here they are. Oh, here we go. Okay, there's more out than I was expecting. >> That's hard to turn. >> Oh man, that is >> blue butterfly wings attracted butterfly mates. A cute. I don't think I've ever seen a blue butterfly. There's one right there. Look at you. >> Oh, thank you. Oh, yeah. I see it now. Thanks. That's so pretty. Oh, pretty. Edamame doesn't have much taste. It balances well with other things. Okay. I'm not sure I've ever had it before. >> I'd like to try it, though. Oh, >> here's one. >> Oh, there he goes. Byebye. >> Oh, yeah. Oh, there you go. Man, they blend in. So, they really do. >> Oh, there's another one. Oh, so pretty. >> It's funny. Sometimes you don't even see them until they fly. >> Yeah, it's true. They are very well camouflaged. >> You also got to be careful when you walk in here cuz sometimes they're on the path. >> Mhm. >> So, you got to watch your step. Oh, here's a one at least. I thought I saw two. >> Just one. >> Oh, yeah. Really blend in. >> Yeah, they do. >> Oh, there's a bunch on the back. >> Where's the top? >> Net net. Whatever you want to call it. >> Yeah. Get me out of here. Like con mansion. >> Oh, here's one. >> Hi, Chris. >> Getting busy in here. Mhm. >> This is a really weird plant. [music] I'm trying to figure out what this is. They look like grapes, don't they? They sure do. H interesting. I'm sure they're going to bloom into something, but Oh, yeah. And here's a butterfly. >> Yeah. So pretty. Yeah, that's pretty. >> This would be fun to do, you know, plant all these. >> Figure out >> all the different colors. >> Yeah. What kind you're going to have? >> Obviously, the ones that attract butterflies. Here's a beautiful one. Oh my goodness. Look at that. >> It's black and yellows. >> Isn't that pretty? >> Do you want to look at this one? >> That is gorgeous. It's pretty cool, huh? >> Love that. Oh, sorry. Yeah. >> Hey, Tiger Tail John. How are you? >> Um, let's see. That was the way we came in. So, we'll go this way. >> Oh, here's an orange one. A Hello. So pretty. There they go. Wow. All right. John says there's a butterfly encounter in Cancun. That's awesome. Never been to Cancun. >> Ah, got caught in my ear. >> I know. >> Thanks. >> Yes, exactly. >> Your head a little bit. >> Yeah. >> All righty. Well, let's see what our next [music] stop will be. Oh, Honey Beastro. Okay, perfect. We know where that's at. >> Picnic Discovery Playground. I think the Discovery Playground is in that pathway. >> Is it's over that way, isn't it? >> Oh, no. You're right. Cuz there's another playground over there, too. >> Oh, >> but I don't know what what they're called. >> Okay, that's good. >> Sun. I love Sun and Nic. >> Okay, that's in the middle. Be magic. How are you today? >> All right. >> Yes, you're right. There is that other playground. >> Hey, Maria Hall behind the shop. >> Yeah. Jennifer says, "We have a butterfly encounter here in New Brunswick." Oh, that's cool. >> Have you seen the new popcorn bucket? >> Yes. >> I got it for mom. She was good. Excited. >> I was thinking about getting one for your mom. >> Yeah, it's right here. I'll show you guys. It is adorable. >> I know. I love Piglet. He's my fave. So cute. It is $25 before tax. Of course, you get popcorn with it. Um, so I wonder instead of going all the way to Honey Beastro, if we should go across and do the ones across and then start making our way >> Yeah. >> around. What do you think? Instead of zigzagging? I don't know. I guess >> that honey beast at the end there or is it over there? >> It's at the end. >> I mean, that's where it normally is, but sometimes they >> change it up. >> Me up and move. >> And Mara says it is a cute It is very cute. Yeah, let's head it straight across. All right, we have the Encanto gang over here. Love that movie so much. Can't wait for all the Encanto things coming to uh Animal Kingdom. >> Oh, we should go in here. >> Oh, yeah. We should check it out here. >> Thank you, Maria. >> Hola, every stage will come alive. music and dancing as we invite you to join us. >> So, it does lag a little in here. >> Oh, it's not open. Never mind. Just kidding. >> Begin Monday. >> Oh, yeah. It's right there. >> Oh, it is Monday. Okay. >> 11 to 9. [laughter] >> Confused me. >> I know. >> I don't always think of my days. >> Friday night. >> I know. I know. Isn't that weird? >> But that is a good thing. That means the booths will open at 11:00 and not 11:30 today. [music] Okay. That's funny. >> Oh my goodness. >> I'm like I think I see Monday. >> You are really making me think today. I just My brain is still waking up. >> It's all good. Hi Duncan. [laughter] >> Clearly I need more coffee. >> You need more coffee. It's >> I was going to have more coffee this morning and I thought the line was like >> Was it too long? >> It was not bad. >> Okay. >> I wasn't sure how. >> Well, we can see what it looks like when we go by if you need some. >> I want to try that strawberry shortcake. >> Yes. I remember I had it last year and it was so good. Oh, let's look. >> I think that looks good. >> Blacken fish slider. >> Yeah. >> The only thing that scares me is the blacken part cuz usually that means spicy. >> So, I'll let you try it and you let me know. >> It just intrigues me. And it has green tomato on it. Sounds good. It >> does sound good. >> I like the combo. >> Cucumber watermelon slushie is always good. I've gotten that before. I also the conch or however you say it. Conchk conchk fritters are uh usually good. >> Oh, good. >> So, I don't know. We'll see. I've had them at other places. Sometimes they're spicy, sometimes they're not. It just depends on who makes them. >> I would think they would serve those on your cruise ship. Do they have those? >> They did not. No, they had a lot of uh crab cakes, which were so good. [music] >> Where are we going? >> Uh let's go straight across cuz I think Let's look at our little map. I think there should be some over there on the other side. Um, okay. So, that's World Showcase. So, we've got um Oh, I guess World Discovery Playground. Huh. >> Mickey Minnie's Picnic. Honey Beast Street. >> All right. Help me out in the chat, guys. Is World Discovery Playground since it is on the opposite side. I wonder if it's the one over here. >> If it's the playground [music] on the other side of the shop, or is it the playground on the path >> to the Honey Beastro? >> Yeah, there's two playground. >> You know what? I know where Mickey and [music] Minnie's picnic is. So, let's go there >> and then maybe they'll help us out here in the chat. >> Thank you. Seems like it would make more sense to take you to the other side, >> right? There should be one over there. I bet it's over there. [music] >> Make you kind of see. >> Good morning, Casey. Hi, Tracy. >> Casey and Tracy. Exactly. See all the topiaries. Thanks [music] for a thousand in the chat. Keep on bopping the like button and sharing out the stream. Also, go [music] check out our first sponsor, our amazing sponsors, uh mickeytras.com. If you guys are wanting to book a [music] trip right here to Walt Disney World and come to Flower and Garden or anywhere in Walt Disney World, check them outras.com. They will help you book your trip. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself. [music] They help you plan for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking with Mickey Travels or whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, book it with mickeyras.com. Oh goodness. Hi, Mary. >> [music] >> Yeah, I bet that one >> over there. Yeah, >> only because sign points to World Discovery. >> Oh, good call. >> So, like, you know, that must be discovery playground. >> Looking at maps. Look at you looking at maps. >> Here we go. We found him. >> Good morning, Da. How are you? Hi, Annie. Oh, he's got sunflowers. >> I like sunflowers. >> I bet that's what those are right there. They're just not fully in bloom yet. >> Look, there's a spike the bee by Spike the Bee. >> Oh, it's Mickey and Minnie, right? >> Yes. All right, you guys ready to sing the song? Spike Dubby. Spiked Dub. Where can he be? Oh, where can he be? He's in Mickey and Minnie's garden. Yay. Oh, that's awesome. So cute. All right. And oh, I didn't show you Mickey and Minnie. [laughter] This is what they mean by Mickey and Minnie's garden. We got Pluto. [music] We have Minnie, Mickey. >> And then we got Chip and Dale down here. >> There's the picnic basket. One fun thing. I don't know if you've noticed this, Sharon. Do you notice what her bow is made out of? >> Ladybug. >> Isn't that the cutest thing ever? I noticed that the other day. >> I'm like, "Hang on, those don't look like a regular bow." >> How many times have I walked by this? I didn't even notice. >> Same. And you know, um, Ivonne and I were saying on Friday that they need to [music] make ears like this next year because the ears with a ladybug bow. >> Um, I would buy that add to cart. How stinking cute. All right. Very fun. It was really dark when I woke up this morning. Oh no. Oh goodness. Where you at, Rita? You're getting high winds and everything. That's [music] That's no bueno. They also have well they did have yes the Winnie the Poo popcorn bucket over here as well. There's no line on Friday. The line was crazy. >> So funny. >> I know. Everybody's rushing to the to the rides. I guess >> the fear that they're going to run out. >> Run out. Yeah. >> All the other popcorn buckets. >> Yes. We've got Bambi, Thumper, and Flower. Spike is a girl bee. Boy bees don't have singers. Wait, really? I didn't know this. >> Look at the martins. >> So fun. These are the Martin houses. >> Right. Isn't that what those are? Blue Martins. I >> think so. I don't know if they're all blue martins, but some or purple martins. Okay. Oh, and Montreal shot. Some of my best Epcot pics have been taken during Flower and Garden. I agree. Mine, too. Hello, Montreal. Montreal Blue. Uh, Chris, if you rewind a little bit, I showed the Winnie the Pooh popcorn bucket. It is really cute. Okay, those are not martins. >> No, those are the birds that come and um, you know, try to steal the food. steal the food. >> Yep. >> Or popcorn. >> Exactly. So, yeah. Here you go. We got the the male and the female. The female is a brownish color. The male is a bluish black >> and they eat flying insects. I know when I lived in Indiana and I would mow the lawn, they would always like swoop behind [music] you because, you know, you'd stir up the bugs. >> It was fun to see. [laughter] >> It's a good natural >> Yeah. Mhm. And they got rid of mosquitoes really well, too. So, >> yeah. Oh, found the spike. >> Yay. Okay. >> Okay. Let's go over a little closer there. So, this is World Discovery Playground, apparently. So, we've got impatience. It looks [music] like >> impatience. >> Impatience. Oh, fun. >> I want to say impatience, but it's impatience. >> Hi, Caleb. But I can't get the stickers. >> All right. >> Okay. >> We only have one more on this side. >> All right. We're doing really good. Look at that. >> I feel like there's not as [music] many this year. Or maybe we're just that good. >> We're so good. Let's see. 1 2 [music] 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. No, that's the same. Okay. >> Maybe not as many on this side. >> Yes. Yeah, that's true. Let's give a little look at the garden before we head back. really >> pretty. >> Got a nice little >> playground. Get out and play garden. Fun. >> This is a nice >> playground. >> It really is nice area for the kiddos to run around a little bit without worrying about people running them over and you know cuz sometimes out there you got to be careful. They might get ran over. >> For everybody's sake, it's nice [music] just a place that way. >> Yeah. >> Mom or dad can sit down >> like right there. That is a great little play area. They just run and run and run and get their energy out. >> All right. >> I think we should go in the shop cuz we're right here. >> Oh, good idea. >> And see what's new before we head back to the World Showcase. >> Yeah, we might. I mean, you know, just to the shop. >> Yeah, we have some time. It's fine. >> We'll go say hi to Mike and Sully, too. Oh, it's going to warm up quick when that sun comes out. >> That is awesome. I can't wait. Got to soak it in before before Tuesday, Wednesday, when we get chilly chilly for Florida. I love that this is a canoe. >> That is so cute. >> It's a puppy canoe. >> It is a puppy canoe. Can Can you see it? >> Canoe. Wait, that didn't work out. Yes. Canoe. >> Oh, there way. I got it. I can see it. Canoe. [laughter] >> I got >> Okay, it's Monday. It's fine. My joke didn't work so well. It's fine. [laughter] I tried. [music] We got >> Mike Bazowski and Sully. And Mike's got his retainer cuz you know they're in college. So, >> it's what you do. [music] >> That's so funny. >> I know. I love it. Introductory scare techniques. The complete history of scaring. Scare Ref. And I can't see this [music] one. Scare Theory. Oh, fun. Wonder what this one is. >> It's Scare Theory. The seventh edition. >> The seventh edition. Do [music] >> uh Dr. Tomas Finkelewink. Love it. Jenna's middle name is shopping given at birth by her parents. That's funny. You're a pro now at Finding Spike. That's why you're moving fast. Yeah. Thanks, Darl. Good morning, Connor. As soon as they get their pick, we'll go over and say hi to Sully. That booth over there has really good food. >> Have you tried the French toast? >> I haven't. Have you? >> Nope. I want to. >> I I do, too. >> There's that guy with all the eyes. >> So cute. Sorry. And then we have Sully. He's got his mic uh or sorry, Monsters University Flag. He is ready for school. [music] 40 years of Pixar. That is crazy. Crazy. Crazy. I know. Ain't that crazy? All right, [music] let's go see. We've got this one and that one with the flippers. This one was mom's favorite, though. She really liked this one. >> Isn't she cute? She's kind of sassy. >> She is sassy. Totally sassy. This will be fun to do with your your plants at home. >> Yes. [laughter] >> Put some eyes. >> Mhm. Little horns, wings, whatever you want. I really like this one, though. He's goofy. >> So cute. [music] All right. And the boots open in a little over an hour. So, as we're making our way, that's why I'm stalling a little bit before we go back there because we might want to try some food. >> Good point. >> Yeah, let's shop. >> Yeah, why not? >> See what they got that's new. Smells different in here today, but I like it. >> I was just going to say that, right? >> Cuz like I can't really identify it. >> It's a new smell. >> Yeah. >> It's also freezing. >> Yeah, it's really >> really cold in here. >> Yeah. anticipating it getting hot outside. >> It's true. These are new. >> I think they've had this one, but maybe not this one. >> I love the purple. >> Salt and pepper shaker. $14.99. >> So cute. Who would have thought we'd be like, "Yeah, let's get trash cans, buy them, and put them as decorations." [music] >> For your candy, trash cans for your salt and pepper. >> Exactly. >> Trash cans for everybody. >> When you think salt and pepper, you think trash can. >> Exactly. Or on your cup. Yeah. >> Actually, this one's kind of cute. >> It is cute. Can you imagine though if you didn't live here in Florida and you took that to work, it'd be like, >> "Okay." I mean, if you weren't a Disney fan. >> Yes, [laughter] the trash cans are part of Disney. [music] >> It's true. It is a thing. >> This is cute. And it has the straw that has the >> Yeah. little lid. >> Yeah. >> Little lid thing, which is nice. And again, if you missed my Disney Springs um vlog, go back and check it out. >> I need to finish watching it. >> Oh, thank you. Are these stickers? >> Yeah. So, you put your own stickers on. That's kind of fun. Um $39.99. It is metal. That's nice. I like those. Got a classic Mickey one. [music] All right. See if there's any new ears. >> I don't see any new ones. They do have these. You hadn't bought those yet? I know. They're so cute. >> Hi. I [music] I'm a Tim, too. Live near OG Disneyland. Oh, hello Tim, too. That's awesome. Disneyland is so fun. [music] love to get back there soon. >> You know what they need is they need this >> Mhm. >> in this color >> 100%. >> I would buy that. >> Yes, they do. >> Mhm. I have the black one and I love it. But I I [music] would love it in pink. >> This is all so tempting. >> I know. It really is. It's very very cute. And you have all your little bag charms that you can, you know, put your lip gloss in. >> Mhm. Lip gloss. Hand sanitizer. >> Yeah. Things you get to quickly. >> Medicine. Like little thing of medicine. >> Yeah. >> Coins. If anybody carries coins still. >> Don't know if anybody does, but I I have a few sometimes. [music] >> Yeah. >> Cuz when you pay in cash, you get some coins. >> Exactly. And then I just put them in a container and then they sit there. >> Yep. It's true. >> [music] >> All right. >> I know. Isn't that cute? Kind of funny. I love that you have me at Walt Disney World. >> They had to get permission to use that phrase. Curious. >> Oh, I mean, you know, it's very close to the >> Uhhuh. >> That's true. Just curious how that works. >> I wonder too. >> That is a great question. >> Yeah, that's a good point, too. [music] It's not like a copyrighted phrase or whatever. Let's see if they got any characters. >> Doesn't look like it. They had the gold ones at Disney Springs. Have you seen the gold ones? >> They do. >> Mickey and Minnie. Yeah, in the Ever After store. >> Okay, that's good to know because I've been wanting those and I figured that maybe they just had sold out already. >> Yeah. No, they Well, at least the last week when I went to film. >> Okay. >> They had them. Oh, I see a new shirt. It's Figment. Isn't that cute? >> That's really cute. >> However, that's a large. >> So, it's one of those like >> Wow. Mhm. It's fitted >> like baby TE's or whatever. Yeah. >> So cute though. >> It's got that sort of ribbed material. So, it really >> I so had these in the '9s when I was younger. I mean, I'm young now. What am I talking about? [laughter] >> 46.99. >> Clingy. >> You're welcome, Don. Yes, [music] totally. >> Mhm. But it's adorable. Really >> goes with this where they've got Donald and Daisy. I think they had Minnie and Mickey as well. >> Wow. Those are >> Yep. Mickey is >> They're a little a little small. Soon they're going to be getting rid of these sweatshirts. I heard that they had a new Figment. Here it is. Oh my goodness. I love this so much. >> Oo, he's nice and heavy. >> That might be enough. >> You got today, Jenna. You might need him. >> $64.99. Okay. >> He's very thick. >> He is. I kind of like that. >> I love it. >> It's a little darker than the sort of more [clears throat] lavender that you normally see. >> I love this so much. Wow. Okay. >> Do they have the Wishables? Yeah, we'll go check. We'll go check. Adorbs. And they're all out of mediums, by the way. They have extra small, small. >> They're out of medium and large. >> It happens. >> Usually they run out of the smalls, too. So, I'm shocked. [music] But >> yeah, it seems like lately medium and large have been the >> the ones that are selling out. Mhm. >> I do like this. >> Is it cute? However, white I [music] might get it dirty or it might be Oh, I see. That's the back of it. >> Yeah, I would probably spill coffee right here. How >> it was kind of sheer. >> Yeah, a little >> I need a little I need a little tank underneath maybe >> which then defeats the purpose because it is that it's that what do you call that? Like um >> yeah, it's got the >> there's a word for it. Something out. >> Um yeah, >> you know, words are hard right now. So >> on purpose. >> Yeah, they do that on purpose. Exactly. And here's all the passholder stuff. Love the mugs. I still want this, too. >> All the things on my wish list. >> Love the magnet. Yeah, the bag is adorable. I love the little passholder keychain on the front. >> I saw somebody although I don't know that it would actually hold them. But I saw somebody that had their ears in here and had it clip, but it's >> they could fall through. >> Yeah. >> So, I don't think that's actually what it's called. But you could >> unless you had one of those ear holder that you also attached onto that. >> However, it is a side bag, so you would probably see it fall if it did. >> Here's the new ears. I actually have these on today and I love them >> so much. We have Orange Bird and Spike. >> And the bow comes off, which I love. >> And they're pretty lightweight. They're comfortable. They are Lounge Fly, so they are a little more than the regular ears. I think they're 40. Yeah, $44.99. >> Hi, Jacob. How are you today? This is adorable. >> Yes. >> Oh, yeah. I got this jacket. >> Did you? I have it tucked in my bag today. Just in case it got like really windy and chilly. >> Smart. >> And rain. >> Just right. >> It has a hood. >> Yeah. It's sort of water resistant. >> Mhm. And it's small, so you can tuck it in. >> Yeah. You can roll it up really. >> $59.99. I also love this one. >> If they had a spike the beep tank top, I would have got it. I already have an orange bird one, so I'm like, I don't think I need it. But >> hi Diane. Good morning. [music] I love to start a new week with all the flowers off. Those ears are the best with Spike and Orangebird. Yeah. And then this was a immediate add to cart as well. He's so cute. >> I almost wore that today. >> Oh my word. I just noticed I know you could turn him. >> Yes. But I just noticed that there was a Mickey flower on the other side. >> Oh, >> that's cute. >> I didn't notice that because I haven't turned it around yet. >> Okay, that's fine. Hi, Eli. >> Love that. They also have these, which I kind of want the Alice ones. >> Well, I had to get those. >> You have to have to. >> It's It's a must. I didn't get these last year, and I wish I [music] would have. So, >> they're a little different than last year. They're lighter. Hello, Ally J. How are you today? Hi, Cindy. Uh, oh, that figgy sweatshirt will look great on you. What a beautiful day today. What ears am I wearing? Oh, I'm wearing the Spike the Bee orange bird ones. >> Yeah, the bag is adorable. >> It's toast. It's the toast um butterfly from Alice. >> Is pretty heavy. Yeah, >> I'm kind of surprised. >> Loungefly. It is $80. Yeah. >> Like it, but I didn't have to really use it. Sit there and look pretty. >> This is cute. >> This is adorable. >> It's $49.99. >> I'd have to try it on. >> Yeah, >> cuz you know, sometimes they're too big. Yes. >> Around the arm. >> Yes, the arm. >> Yep. Might be a little too big. >> They do have a ton of spike to be shoulder piles. And then here >> is the garden stick. He actually looks just like the one >> out. >> Oh my god. >> Or out and about. I think. Can you look for me? I think he's $49.99 or $59.99. >> Uh oh. $44.99. Even better. >> Love it. He's so cute. I have a Loungefly Alice purse. Oh, that's cool. Somebody was asking about the trash cans and they're This is the >> So, Spike the Bee one. He is adorable. They are $14.99. Good morning, Trina. [music] You're going to be here Wednesday. Oh, that's so awesome. They had an orange bird one, but I see it at the moment. That's really cute. I also just love that he's got his sunnies on and you can see Spaceship Earth in his sunnies. >> So cute. Let's see what he looks like on the back. And then the back looks like the bag, the other Loungefly bag. I love the color, too. >> Mhm. >> And then there's this cute, the bee shirt. It is cute. I might need that. We'll see. It is $36.99. And [music] then this is the one Sharon has on. >> Spike lobby. Uh it's quiet as because everybody [music] is in line for rides. >> Yes, >> that's why it's quiet. >> It's a good time to come to the store if you really really want to shop. The morning is great. >> It is a great time. Everybody's riding those rides. So, they got the regular Wishables with Mickey, Minnie, um, Goofy, Pluto, and Donald. And then they have the up >> one. Did I tell you I got Doug? >> No. >> My theory worked. >> Which was >> um, it doesn't shake like >> Oh, >> it didn't shake very much like this one. >> Oh, >> it's probably Doug. >> Okay. >> And it was it was dug. >> So, there you go. Do they have um like is there a place to connect it onto a bag or there just like a >> But you could do what you did. >> Yeah, exactly. >> That I love that actually. That is a great plan. >> So anyway, >> I'm paranoid that if I do the shoulder thing, it's just going to pop off. >> I put two one on his legs and one on his arm >> for him, >> but >> Oh, yeah. >> And he's not a wishable, so he stays a little bit better. But yeah, no more wishables on my shoulder >> after what happened to my Pluto. >> We have flowers. Hi, Carol. >> Good morning, Ann. It all started with a mouse. How are you? Thank you, Meredith. We try. >> They are running low on those guys. Um, I found a new shirt over here. Let's go check it. Check it out. I have that one. I wore that on Friday. U Oh, here it is. >> Awesome dad. A >> Isn't that cute? And there must be a mom one too, but I maybe it's just not here. >> It's almost I mean we are coming up on Mother's Day. >> It's true. I also love this one with all the princesses and the castle that morning Amy. >> Oh, fun. Hi, darling. >> A >> I saw someone got some Wishables that look [music] like the characters are from different countries. Yes, that was where my Pluto one was from. >> Yes. >> I don't know. I think they're sold out, but we'll look. We will look. >> Uh, hey Ashley. How are you? Welcome in. So, the day I got Pluto was I don't know like a month or two ago. I was at least a month ago. Um, and I was wearing him on my shoulder with a little hair band and he must have fallen off somewhere because I went to look [music] and he was gone. >> Here's one of us noticed. >> Nope. >> We went >> and we went and looked. Couldn't find him anywhere. It's kind of sad. But here is uh the bag. >> I didn't [music] Did you? >> No. >> It's cute. But >> it's super cute, but I just need it. >> Didn't think I'd use it. >> Yeah. It is very cute though. I love that spikes on this one, too. >> You know, decoration. >> Yeah, agreed. It is I think 80 or something like that. Oh, there we go. >> Free. There we go. 85. >> 85. Oops. Stay. >> Okay, I just noticed something that was new. [music] We got to go check this out. >> They have little duck. >> Oh my word. Is this angel? >> Oh my goodness. >> Angel these. Oh my goodness. They I think they had Stitch, but >> cute. >> He's gone. >> Aren't they cute? >> Adorbs. They have a tiger. They have um Angel, Minnie. >> Oh my gosh, >> the last Winnie the Pooh one. >> So, >> and one Mickey. >> Adorable. I love it. I don't think I need it, but it is cute. >> And then they have the other ones that you can >> Yeah, these are $4.99. I don't know how much how much are >> Can't be that much. >> [music] >> mint. >> They cost a mint. >> One whole mint. [laughter] >> Oh, they're only $11.99. Oh my goodness. That's not bad. [music] >> So, if I give them an Altoid, >> just kidding. >> That's a fair trade. >> Yeah, >> they have Altoids. >> These hilarious $4.99. >> Walmart, Target, you could get them everywhere. >> Oh, they sure are. >> How much? >> $5. They're like 125. >> She's doing much better, Tracy. Thank you for asking. Much much better. All right. Oh, let me show you the prize real quick for um Spike the Beast Scavenger Hunt. If you guys weren't here the other day, it's right here. So, there is one more they don't have um and it is Figment. They still have it though. I saw it in there. So, I don't know why they took it out, but I got Spike. So, this is the one I got. Look at them. They're all cute. >> Dancing. I kind of want Figment, but I also want Orange Bird. I mean, I love the orange bird. >> They're all so cute. Mickey's cute. How do you go wrong, you know? So, there's that. And then, uh, we've got the garden steaks over here. Put them in your garden. Was it sticky? >> I don't know. >> Something. And then we've got the crop top down here. >> Wow. >> Very cropped. That's >> Yep. >> Okay. Even with the skirt, you would be showing a little little tummy there. >> It's really small. >> Yeah. Then we have this one. And this one. >> That [music] one's cute. >> I love the color. It's just so pretty. We have the ornament. And then we have um Did you see these? These are plant magnets. >> Oh, fun. What? >> So, you put them on your >> pay for your plant. >> I apparently >> I don't know. >> Like on a big leaf. You can just Oh my goodness. Isn't >> that crazy? >> $16.99. Kind of clever. >> Or, you know, on your fridge, wherever you want them, but they are plant magnets. [laughter] Kind of funny. We sold the non-D Disney version uh at Oh, they sell the non-D Disney version at Family Christian Stores. Oh, okay. Fun. Oops. [music] As I trip out the door. >> It's humid today. >> Yeah, it is. >> Yeah, it's getting warmer. I'm about to take this long sleeve off. All right. Well, let's go. >> All these, right? >> Except for the honey beastro. >> Oh, that's right. >> So, why don't we go over there? Do that. Actually, I have to use the restroom, too. And there's a restroom over there. And then we'll continue with our Spike to be scavenger hunt. While at the airport waiting, I looked at some Disney cups. Oh, fun. It's always fun to look at the Disney merch in the airport in Orlando. The Universal merch. I would always go and look like, okay, did I get everything? Is there something else I want before I go? >> Hi, Transformer Dad. >> [clears throat] >> A fridge would work. Yeah, for sure. Cindy for a sec. >> There's Phineas and Furb. Beautiful flowers. This is where our thumbnail was taken. Wow. Windy. Windy. I don't know what I did to my arm, but I don't know if I slept weird on it or if it was from yesterday. I was on my computer most of the day, >> but from like here to here, >> uhoh, it hurts. >> Oh, here we go. This is a good shot. [music] >> Yeah, maybe with the, you know, that when you use your mouse a lot, you get that. >> Yep. Carpel tunnel. >> Mhm. >> Uh theme park uh films. I'm not sure when I'm going to be at Universal again to stream, but hopefully soon. I'd love to go back to do the Marty Girl again. Love Marty Girl and more better beer. More butterbeer. Oh my goodness. >> They're probably out of >> Did I tell you I got I did try the butterbeer cookie. >> I found it. Oh, you did? >> It is two cookie two sandwich cookies. >> Um and they were soft cookies. And then I had a butter beer um buttercream frosting with butterbeer >> um you know the bar that we got little pieces of that in there. Caramel drizzle on. It was the best cookie I've ever had. Literally. And was it one of the Universal parks? Like not epic, but >> yeah. No, it was Yeah, it was at um Honey, not Honey Dukes, the one in Diagon Alley. >> Wow. >> Oh my goodness. So good. It however was $10. But let me tell you, it is sharable. That thing is huge and delish. So yeah, we have to go back. Um wanted to try the shortbread cookie. They had that as well. And the cupcake. You know what I want to try today though? The orange cream bar, vanilla bean orange mousse covered in chocolate shell with marshmallow meringue. >> And the strawberry lemonade sounds good, too. >> Both of those sound good. >> Seafood baked sounds good. >> I've never had muscles, but I like clams and shrimp. >> Yeah. >> I'm not sure about the muscle. >> Me, too. [music] >> Yeah. >> There's other things that I really want to try. So, I might >> skip that one. >> Like lunch time. >> Oh, yes. That's right. Tim, I sent Tim a picture. I went to Walmart this weekend and on the end cap they had butterbeer um skinny that skinny popcorn or whatever. >> Oh, >> and they had it in butterbeer flavor it. So I was like add to cart. >> Tim called it not so skinny butterbeer popcorn. [laughter] >> That's funny. >> Do you mind chatting with them for a minute while I pop into the bathroom? >> Can hang out wherever. Maybe maybe over here so in case people want pictures, I guess. >> Oh, good point. Here's good. >> All right, everybody say hi to Sharon. I will be right. >> Thank you so much. >> Good morning. >> Happy Monday. >> Hi Cindy Rose. And yes, it does sound good. >> Hi Amara. Hello transformer dad. >> Hi Taurus humble. Good morning Tim. Hi Mega Byron. >> Yes Shirley. Definitely look for the popcorn. You have to let us know if you like it. >> Hi Karen. >> Hello Tinker Tail John. Oh, I saw I saw that you're on Instagram that your daughter saw Jordan Fisher. Or did I see that on Oh, maybe she told us she was going to go see Jordan Fisher. >> I'm jealous. Excuse me. >> Yes, that's a good question, Amara, because I mean, it's without an I unless the barista decides to write it with an I on my Starbucks cup, but I'll answer to either. Hi, Plymouth Rock. >> Hi, Kia. Sorry if I mispronounced your name. Good morning, Tony Hall. Or may not be morning where you are. Hi, Cindy Rose. The temperature is 77. It's It's overcast, so it almost doesn't feel 77. And there's a slight breeze. It's actually quite nice right now. Yes. Only at Starbucks. at Starbucks is Sharon with an I. Good morning, Smooth Joy. Smooth joy state. Oh, I like that. Good morning, Age of Retro. Jenna will be right back. She's taking a quick break. Oh. Oh, good. Okay, Tim, we'll see you then. We'll have to do something big for Jesse's birthday. Now, this shot would be even more perfect if the Montreal would go by. Good morning, Peter Disney. And we'll be right back. All right. >> All right. >> Awesome. Hello everybody. Uh Tim said something something epic. >> Oh, um he said he was going to get here the day before Jesse's birthday. >> Oh, July. >> Okay. >> And uh >> and then he said that >> and then Ticker John said there's going to be a big rager that weekend. >> Oh, big rager. Oh man. Okay, I'm excited. >> So, we have Spike over here. >> Let's see what Spike has. Can't tell. Uh, >> hold on. Mommy's putting your thing on. >> Sorry. I was seeing what he had. We're doing the scavenger hunt. >> That's what they're doing. So, they're trying to >> uh Hannah. Hannah. Okay. >> Out of your way. >> Come here. Come here. >> Get one for every kid. >> All right. So, here we go. We have the Easter egg. >> Perfect. All right. So, we have the bottom part done. Now, we have to go to World Showcase >> so we can have >> Go right ahead. [laughter] >> Yeah. No, please. >> We did all the front ones, so now we're going to the back. >> Good luck. >> These little ones. >> A >> All right. >> Spike is so cute. It smells like Huh? >> Of course. Yeah, >> we have my Well, our family's been following you for years. Literally years. >> And especially I have a grandson >> that you guys every time we get on the thing, he always says something and you guys always respond back to him. >> So he his name is Troyer. >> Troyer. Do you want to say hi to him on the stream today or No, up to you. It stays this way. So here we go. >> Hi Troyer. Hi Joy. [laughter] >> Hi Addison. >> Come here. >> What's your And what's your name? >> Barb. >> Barb. Good to see you, Barb. That's awesome. Yeah. Let's get a picture. >> It smells like waffles, doesn't it? So good. >> It's cuz of the honey beastro. >> Yep. >> Yum, yum, yum. Hey, Marissa. Let's see. [clears throat] Do a selfie or do you want >> for me to take that for you? >> Sure. >> Oh, perfect. Push the button. [laughter] >> All right. All right. Let's smile. >> All righty. One, two, three. Awesome. >> Thank you so much. It's so nice to meet you. >> Nice to meet you. Thanks for watching. >> My husband's Fred. >> Oh, well, hello. You guys are too. >> How are you? >> All right. >> Good. Well, I hope you enjoy your day today. >> We will before the rain comes. Thank you. >> Yeah. Oh, no. You're all good. No worries. Have fun. [laughter] >> Awesome. All right. John says, "It's my birthday as well. We're only one day apart, but quite a bit of years." John John and Jesse's birthdays are really close together. >> Jess and I think >> John's the >> Okay, gotcha. I knew it was somewhere around there cuz sometimes they come, you know, to the park around that time or at least was it last year? >> It was. Or was it Or was it two years ago? >> Two years ago. Yeah. >> So, we didn't even know that it was his Well, I didn't know that. >> He might have he might have told me. >> All right, guys. So, this is the honey beastro. We tried this on stream um on opening day and it was so good. It's sharable. >> It's bigger than it looks. >> Um this was the honey comb bowl which sounds good until you got to the hot honey cauliflower. >> Um and this sounds good too. Honey marcapone cheesecake. Frozen peach cobbler. I've had that before. It is so good. You had it, right? >> I had it. It was good. >> Yeah. >> And they also have it with blueberry vodka, too. Hello, Jennifer Resort. >> Hello. How are you? >> Good. Hi. Have a good day. >> All right. So, that is the honey beastro. >> You actually get the cheesecake over here though, which sign is a little >> confusing. Yeah, I agree. >> So, everything from that sign you get at this booth except for the cheesecake. You get across at >> Interesting. Okay. And they also This is where they have the peach doe whip that we tried on opening >> uh weekend was amazing. I guess let's go right. We don't usually go right. We're going to switch it up today, guys. >> Controversy. >> We are being crazy. >> Get it? Being. We are being >> spiked a bee. >> All right. What's our next one we're looking for? So, we're starting with the countries. We've got Okay. English Tea Garden and then France. [music] >> Oh, okay. >> So, these are like in the order that we will cover, >> I think. So, I would assume so. >> I mean, that makes sense. >> We're going to find out. Hey adventuries, how are you guys today? Welcome in. >> Yeah, >> Spike Duby. Spike Dubby. Where can he be? Where can he >> probably in England? >> Yes. [music] Tea garden. >> France. Obviously. >> Obviously. Spice Garden. I think Morocco. >> Uh, Japan. >> America. >> Italy. Italy. >> I think that's Mexico. Yes. And I think it's Mexico. Yeah. the desert. Exactly. Oh, let's say hi to Kermit and Miss Piggy cuz they're adorable. >> Hi, Miss Piggy. >> They're so cute. >> What's that? >> Love them. >> Oh, hello, Miss Piggy. You're looking gorgeous [music] today. >> Love your shoes. >> Tammy says, "I smell popcorn." >> We have Kermit over here. >> Love it. Hi, Alex. >> This always makes me want to go home and watch the Muppet movies. >> I just can't believe I got this. >> That's hilarious. Okay, that would be really good. >> This is the Northern Balloon booth, the Canada booth. Um, they have scallops, uh, beef tenderloin tips, which mom and dad and I had, and chocolate maple whiskey cake, which was good. So good. >> Actually, all this looks good. Was this good? >> It was very good. Yeah. Delish. >> Looks tender. >> We didn't try those, but they look good. Hi Lisa. Hi Shirley. >> Uh Terry says, "I really wish I was there. I live in Door County, Wisconsin. All the businesses and roads are closed. It snows so hard. We had to close 3 ft of snow." Oh my goodness gracious. That's a lot of snow for March. It's a lot of snow anytime, but for March, >> people have gotten some really >> Wow. >> crazy amounts of snow. >> Bad weather. Yeah, for sure. Uh eventually says they're good but cold. A sorry, guys. I get that. Oh, they have some new ears. >> I love all this. >> I know. Me, too. Look at these ears. How cute. >> Really? Oh my gosh, those are so cute. Aren't >> they adorable? And then the shirt that goes with it. Of course, you have to get that. Those are so cute. >> Maybe add to cart. And the lug bag. >> I love the lug bag. >> And then they have the chip lug bag over here. >> I like the little one. If it were Dale, I'd probably get it. >> Oh my goodness, it's windy. >> Chip on one side and Dale on the other side. >> Yes. Or together. Put them, you know. Uh, let's see. John says, "I just went outside for the first time today." There's definitely a chill in there. Although, it's supposed to get to 84. Oh my goodness. >> We're supposed to be 82. >> Mhm. >> I don't know if that's going to happen, though. >> It's 10:00, so it's time. >> The cloud's cleared away. >> Oh, thanks, Adventures. We are so glad mom is good, too. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, the clouds did. [music] If they cleared, we would be warm. My family and I just got back to Canada after our first family trip, [music] and your videos help us get over the Disney blues. A >> glad they help. [music] Am I the only one who starts World Showcase on the can Canadian side? No, there's others. I always go the other way. That's just what we did. >> But [music] if I want to go to France or something, I'll go this way. or fish and chips. We have Winnie over here. [music] Tiger. >> And then we've got Eeyore, Piglet, and Rabbit. So cute. [music] >> Oh my goodness. We had tornadoes last night and now it's snowing. Oh, crazy weather right now. I'm telling you. Tim says it's going to be 18 there tonight. >> Tim, that is cold. >> Um Oh, Alice is back there meeting. >> Well, if it was Celsius. >> Yeah, he's right. [music] It's true. Look at Alice. So fun. >> All right, let's go check for >> Spike. [music] Spiked Dubby. Spiked Dubby. Where can he be? Oh, where can he be? Spiked Dubby. Friday night. This was so crowded. You could barely get across the street. It was crazy. >> We got Oh, we have Tinkerbell Garden over here. This is a different spot for it, but I love it. And all the little fairy [music] houses. >> Streamboat. And Willie says, "Well, time to move, Tim." >> Yep, it is time to move, Tim. >> Mhm. We've been saying that for a while. [music] I love the roller skate house. That's probably my favorite. All right. Spike. Spike. Spike. [music] Spike. Just tick tock. [music] >> They should have a little thing that's going. >> Yes. [music] >> And then Peter Pan and Hook. Hook. Hook. >> Hi, Mary. Mom is doing much [music] better. Thank you so much for asking. >> Right. >> To the garden we go. They have um the tea garden tours. If you've never done it, it is really fun. They take you around and they tell you how each of the tees are made and where they come from and different things like that. You do have to sign up because they they go quick >> and it's free. >> That's really fun. >> Yeah. [music] >> At the end. No, unfortunately. They do give you a a little bag of tea to take home. >> Yeah. So, very nice. [music] >> I have it on video on one of my um [music] when was it? couple years ago when we got hosted by Disney and then I went on the tour and yeah, it was super fun. [music] Ultra Spice Chai, I did the garden tour with my daughter. It was great. Yeah, it's so fun. Oh, look at the little tiny people. >> That's really cute. >> Or of Lady Grey. I like Lady Gay. >> Mhm. >> It is yummy. >> Hi, Candy. >> I really like the fairy garden. I don't know. What would you like to see? >> Mixed berries. [music] Cold brewed black tea. That sounds amazing. >> I wonder if they have it in the shop. >> Sounds really good. >> I am curious. So, let's go look. [laughter] It's right here. >> How do I do it to my room? >> This easier. [music] Oh, maybe over here. Oh, I think I found it. [music] These [music] are refreshers. >> Peach, cold brew. Okay, here we go. Cold brew mixed berry. >> Oh, yeah. There it is. >> Yum. So, they have this one and this one. I don't know what the difference is, but Okay. >> Okay. We might have to add that to cart. >> Yeah. I feel like they could >> I love a good [music] berry flavored tea. >> Mhm. Me, too. >> How much are you? >> Oh, $6 each when you buy four. If not, they're $6.99. Okay. >> The refreshers are interesting. I wonder if they're like [music] Okay. Blended with herbal tea, natural caffeine free, and they have fruit bits in them. [music] H. All right. >> I think it's more like a Yes. Like a Oh, yep. Uh, it's a packet, [music] >> which is nice. If it had >> caffeine, I would think more about it. >> I like my caffeine. >> Mhm. >> Peach and mango sounds good, though. >> I guess if it doesn't have caffeine, [music] you could do it later in this. >> Good point. That is true. Oh, what is this? >> Oh, it fits bags, I think. >> Oh, >> maybe put your bags in there [music] or >> tea bag on the go >> or Yeah. Or a loose leaf. I'm not sure. I would say that's what it's worth for >> or really anything else you want to eat. >> Anything else? Exactly. [music] >> It will set off the security though, so be be mindful of that. All right, let's go back this way. >> Is there hot chocolate in there? I did not see any hot chocolate. It's more of a tea place. >> Oh, yes, we do. Let's go find the spikes. >> See him back there, but >> let's go around. >> I think I saw him on the outside one time. >> That makes more sense. Yeah. Otherwise, it would get really busy back there. [music] Spiked Dobby. Spiked Dobby. Where can he be? Oh, where can he be? I thought he was right here. Did they move him? [music] >> Huh? There he is. >> Oh, you found him. They did move him. He was literally right here. >> I wonder if they thought it was getting too crowded out there. >> Oh, maybe. >> Oh, here. Okay, we found him. Awesome. >> Gets kind of crowded in here too sometimes, especially when the photographers here. >> Yeah. Or when they're doing the tour, the tea tour. All right. Uh, Chameleia looks like some sort of a flower. [music] >> There we go. Our first one in World Showcase. Awesome. Happy Monday. This Monday live stream really helps the week [music] start off right. A I'm so glad. We're glad you guys are here hanging out with us. All right. Bye, Spike. We'll find you in the next place. France, >> which Spike really travels. >> He really does. He's a fel. Um I heard Well, I saw the picture Jesse sent us that there's new ears [music] in France that we all might need. >> Uh-huh. >> They look super cute. >> Yes. The World Showcases have cute. [music] And then I like the ones in Italy. Have you seen pictures of those? >> Yes. They're kind of like the Marty Gro looking ones. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Those are really cute, too. [music] >> I'm like, do I need another pair? No. Do I want another pair? Sure. [music] >> A Thanks, Cindy. I'm glad you're enjoying the scavenger hunt. And then another day we we'll have to come back and do the egg scavenger hunt. >> So they have the eggs all around the park. >> They have those out already as well. >> Yeah, I just saw um the mad uh not mad. Yeah, Madhatter. >> No, not the Mad [music] Hatter. The white rabbit. I always miss mix them up. >> I hope that was rain. >> I do too, but it's >> Oh, from the tree. >> I think it's the little leaves that's dropping. >> Okay. [music] It might have a little bit of moisture on them. >> Okay, that's better than bird poop. >> Just saying. >> No, cuz I [music] saw it, too. That's what I thought at first, but then I saw >> Yeah. dripping. >> Um, so you get a prize when you're done. So, you do pay for these. I think it was $9 or 10. It's with my discount. It was like $9, I think. Um, but you do get a little prize at the end. They'll stamp it. [music] You can get it before you finish as well. They don't mind, but they stamp it to make sure they can see that you already got your price like that. >> Yeah. Complete. Well done. >> Uh Jenna was curious where you got your ear holder. Uh Dale made it for me. My husband Dale, he used to put them on Etsy, but they were kind of hard to make and hard to ship. Um so they're very timeconuming. But um yeah, that's where that's where I got it. >> What I was just about to say yesterday. >> Uh-huh. Croissant with goat cheese, herbs, and roasted garlic. >> Yum. >> Oh, that does look good. Ooh, bacon. Yes. Yes. And yes. >> Mhm. Okay. Oh, and the uh rose frozen slushie is always good. >> Mhm. >> Delish. >> All right, Spike. >> Where you at? Spike. >> Spiked. Spiked. Where can you be? Oh, where can you be? >> Oh, the regular price is $1.99. Okay, thanks, Victoria. >> It smells really good right there. >> My goodness, it sure does. >> One of each. >> I wish you guys could smell that. >> I know. Just like the waffles earlier. You get a little whiff, you know. >> Oh, we have >> Cogsworth in the mirror. >> You know, last year, didn't that move last year? >> I don't know. I thought it did, but maybe not. >> All right. Well, Spike is not here, so let's keep on looking. >> Oh, I found an egg for later. >> Oh, yeah. >> It's a white rabbit. That's not the white rabbit. What is wrong with me? >> That is just rabbit. >> That's rabbit. >> Rabbit. >> That's the yellow rabbit. >> He's definitely not a white rabbit. >> Oh my goodness gracious. >> All right. Okay. Well, we found two, so we'll know where those two are. >> However, we have not spotted spike yet. >> No. Flowering tobacco. I didn't know tobacco flowered. Did you? >> Uh, no. H apparently it does. Fascinating. >> Yeah. Bouquet garden. To grow flowers for decorative arrangements, gardeners seed plants with long stems and rows. Careful cultiv cultivation provides easy paths for harvesting. Sures that taller plants don't block smaller plants from the sun. Interesting. >> That is interesting. >> All right. I'm not seeing our friend Spike. >> Spike, where are you? >> I know. Shall we sing our song for him? Spiked Dubby. Spike dubby. Where can he be? Where can he be? Okay, I have to see what kind of flower [music] this is. Let's see. Dalia. I thought it was a Dalia. Okay, very nice. Or Dalia. I had to see what kind this was. I thought it was a Dalia. That's what I wanted from Dale and I's wedding, >> but they weren't in season. Oh, >> but those are beautiful. >> They're so pretty. >> Okay. >> Hello, Park Hopper. How are you? >> Um, okay. I have a hunch Oh, did you? Okay. Yay. I had a hunch he might be over here. >> He's hiding through there. >> Okay, Spike, you are so tricky. >> There are a lot of flower gardens in France. It is true. This one's a little trickier. >> Oh, yep. There he is. Awesome. This is a good spot for him. >> Okay. Oh, he's got roses. Oh, that makes sense. >> Love it. >> Perfect. >> Yeah. All right. >> Perfect. So, we have what? Five left. >> Yeah. Five more. >> Awesome. We're on a roll. Let's go see if we can find these ears. >> Yeah. >> I don't know if they're any kind of think they'll probably be in the bigger shop, >> but we're here. We might as well go pop in. [music] >> Nope, it's all Belle. [music] >> Belle themed. >> These are really cute though. >> And that's adorable. I know. >> I would wear that. [laughter] >> That's so cute. And then they had perfume down further. So >> Mhm. >> All right. Smell it. >> Yeah, you totally can. It gave me um vibes of when I used to work retail. You'd walk right in and that's what you would smell right away. >> Oh my goodness. On Friday, Ivonne and I probably saw 15 to 16 surface dogs. >> Wow. >> I know. I was like, "Oh my goodness." Oh man. the line for the >> Oh my goodness. >> French bakery. >> I mean, that is a fantastic bakery. >> It is. >> And it smells good. >> Yes, it is. >> Wow. >> You bop the like. [music] Thank you so much for boppinging. Yeah, let's >> Yes. >> I don't know what you're saying. >> Let's Let's try this. >> I was thinking this small shop, but Well, they have some ears. Are those >> Okay. Nope. Those aren't it. But that they are cute. However, this is adorable. >> [music] >> I've seen nobody post about this. >> That's really cute. >> Right. >> Also, >> that is so cute. Oh my >> isn't it? >> Okay. Okay. I kind of need these for >> These are so cute. >> You know, the [music] art festival. >> Oh my gosh. >> Uh-huh. >> Really, really, really cute shirt. I feel like this is maybe a kids, you know. >> Yeah. Here's the adults right here. >> Yeah. >> And they sold out of smalls. >> Okay. These [music] are so cute. I have not seen anybody post about these. These are adorable. How much are these? >> Jenna from Resort TV1 to you as a premiere. >> Exactly. [music] Exclusive. [laughter] >> I heard somebody [clears throat] making fun of YouTubers and they were like exclusive. So I have to use that now. Exclusive. This is so cute. >> It's nice and lightweight. >> $42.99. That is adorable. Look at the Loungefly. Okay. This merch is just spot on. >> This is so so cute. >> Love this. Very light, too. >> That's really cute. >> And you can also just get your beret. >> Mhm. [music] >> Tim says you need those for when we all go to Disneyland Paris. I mean, >> it's true. >> Trip plus Tim. >> Yes. Girls trip plus Tim. [laughter] I still think we should do the uh girls trip I was talking about. >> Plus, Tim could meet us there. What are these? >> We talked about a lot of them. So, this is the one that's closer to Tim. >> Oh, yes. >> Or kind of in the middle, I guess. >> Uh-huh. >> I don't know. We'll see. We'll see. >> We can meet Tim in the middle. >> I found him. >> Yeah, we can meet Tim in the middle. Exactly. >> We don't want our back. There are four left. >> Wow. >> Oh, look at the little >> Oh my goodness. >> They are gorgeous. I >> don't think I'm going to get them just cuz I don't know what I'm going to wear with them. But they are adorable. >> They're really, really pretty. >> Yep. >> I'm going to pass. They are so cute, though. They're really, really cute for me. I actually like those blue ones better. >> Same. I do like that the I think they've got some new other new things for this line as well. They've got the mug >> bag. >> Oh, cute. >> Squirrel. Sorry, I didn't mean to pull you away from here. >> Oh, you're fine. Look at the macaroni. >> It just caught my eye. And it's kind of a nice size. I mean, I feel like this would fit a decent amount of items. >> $59.99. Is it lounge? >> No. >> No. >> Okay, that's cute. Mhm. And then the mug that goes with the collection as well. Same colors. I hope there's more on Wednesday. I know. I heard they sold out. This is the second batch that they just put out. >> Okay. >> Then they have the cup here. $27.99. >> Oh my word. This shirt is adorable. Look at the sleeves. >> Oh, that's Oh, I really like that. >> Me, too. Oh, it'll go with the blue ears. Actually, >> it would go with either ears. I think they have9. That's supposed to be the one to go with the ears, but that one. >> Yeah. Oh, and look, they have more things, plates, and uh I guess for your spoons and utensils. I'm not sure. But >> whole line. >> I love it. >> Oh, and a sweatshirt. Mickey. And he's got his baguette. >> Wow. So cute. That's really cute. >> Okay. Good job, Disney. Good job. Oh, I love this Remy shirt. Oh my goodness. It's all adorable. >> Isn't that cute? >> Really, really cute. >> $36.99. Bonjour. >> That's adorable. >> That's really cute. Little Eiffel Tower. >> That one's cute. >> Those ears are really cute. >> Yeah, those look newish. I don't know. >> I haven't seen these before. >> Me neither. Little hint of Remy there. Okay, that is cute. >> Uhhuh. The cheese bow is adorable. Oh, what's this? A metal ratatouille sign. That is adorable. Uh Boke Magic says, "You will wear them next time you visit Disneyland Paris." I will. I actually have a couple Disneyland Paris ears >> from uh go to the bakery. Not when I went cuz I they didn't really have any when I went, but when mom and dad went a couple years ago, they brought me back a couple. >> Yeah, that's nice. Anna Hopper gave me a couple, too. >> That's adorable. >> Okay. France. >> They have a lot of great art. >> Yeah, they do. So much. >> Wow. So, I feel like you might as well just wait until a booth opens. If you were at the end of this line, I think it would. I think also people like rope drop this. [laughter] >> This is crazy. >> That is a really good >> I don't think I've ever seen it out this far. >> It is delicious. But >> it's really good. >> Holy moly. >> My mom has a Gastau's cookbook. Oh, fun. >> With the beret or any ears would go cutely with that Remy shirt. Yeah, that's true. That would go with that as well. >> Oh, that's a good point. >> Those ears are really cute. We're going to have to come back. >> I might need those. I might need those, too. >> They have plenty, so we're good with the other ones. I kind of want to try them on, though, to just see how the beret looks on. You know what I mean? >> It might be on. >> Yeah, >> it's one of those. I'm laughing because Jessica went through a beret phase. >> Did see? I love that. >> She's going to kill me if she I have a really cute She was just like obsessed with France. Oh, she ended up going to France. I love that exchange program. So, you know. >> Okay, that's cool. >> It was a legit obsession. >> Yeah, she went through this maybe middle school and junior high with a >> blue stripe >> clothes with her beret. >> Cute. I love that so much. >> Riley just woke up and joined. Well, hello Riley. Welcome into the stream. Disneyland Paris is so much fun. And I think once I get my piggy bank fattened, I'm going to go same, John. Same. [laughter] Got to get that piggy bank going. Uh, we have La Isa Fresca. They have Is this one that has No, the the cheese breads at um Marty Girl. >> Mhm. >> Jamaican [music] jerk chicken. Shrimp. Oh, that sounds good. >> Mhm. That sounds really good. shrimp with mango, avocado, cucumber, lime, cilantro, tomato, [music] jalapeno, and then we've got the coconut, chocolate, fla. >> Mhm. >> I need to see a picture of this shrimp. >> Ooh. Ah, yeah. [music] Grapefruit and >> something else. >> Simply lemon. Okay, here it is. >> Oh, that looks good. I wonder if it's I know it has jalapenos. >> Mhm. But maybe it's not too spicy. I don't know. We'll see. >> Yeah, that's a good point because sometimes sometimes not. >> Sometimes it can be in guacamole and I'm okay. >> Yeah. >> Uh Evangel says, "We just love all that France merch. [music] Would spend too much there." Yeah, >> that's why we walked away >> for now. >> You have to walk away and think about it. >> Uh-huh. Oh, >> it doesn't look like they're going to run out. >> I think our next one is here >> in uh Morocco. >> You're right. >> Okay. It's nice garden. Yes. >> And that's usually over here. We'll see if they put him there again. My piggy bank is like the one from up. Oh no. >> Same. >> It fills up and then an emergency comes. >> Yeah. You know, >> that's what it's for. >> Okay. So, sometimes he's here. Oh, yep. I see them. >> Yeah. This is really cool. >> Really fun. Okay. These are kind of the same little They look like marbles until they bloom. They look like they're getting ready to >> Yeah, these are the same ones I saw in uh the butterfly garden. >> Opens up, too. >> Yep. I bet so. >> And those. >> So cute. They're like tiny little flowers >> in a flower. Do you see that? >> Yeah. The shape of this. Oh, I see what you're saying. Yes. Yes. >> Cute. >> But when they first start, they look like marbles. Like look at this one. >> Yeah. >> I was like, is that a marble? >> Or like you said, like almost like a grape or a grape. >> Still smooth. All right, back to Spike. He's over here. >> And he's got a pepper in the spice garden. That makes sense. >> Good job, Spike. >> All right, we are getting almost done here. And the booth's open in 15 minutes, so this is perfect. >> Okay. All right, >> Pepper. >> Spice Garden. Next is Japan. All right, let's go. Trying to decide. I know I want to have the fruit in or in China. >> I haven't tried that yet on the stick. Yeah. Um I definitely want to try the French toast. >> Me, too. >> We should probably get some protein in there. I don't know where, but we'll figure that out. >> Spike is the ultimate horiculturist. Yes. for sure. >> All right, let's talk about another amazing sponsor. We have um let's see, we have resort tv1homes.com brokered by exp realy. Resorttv1homes.com. If you guys are wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go over there and fill out the information form and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. again. Resorttv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy. [music] Go check them out. I smell paint. >> Yes. >> That's not has been freshly painted. >> Not a pretty smell compared to the food. >> Strong. >> Very strong. Ooh, fish and chips. That's always a good idea. Uh, hey, Julie. She says, "Those are some of my favorite [music] flowers." Awesome. All right, let's check out where Spike might be. I know there's a little garden over here and then sometimes he's up in the upper garden. >> So, >> we'll check. I do love this one though with the water. >> Me, too. >> It's much easier to explore these things when it's not crazy busy. [music] >> All right. So, they fill up with water and then splash and they hit the drum. >> Hey, Mr. Rainbow loves coffee. It has been a long time. I hope you're doing [music] well. Stickers are on the back of the map. Yes, they are. There it hit the drum. Super fun. All right. Spike dubby. Spike dubby. There's [music] the bonsai trees. Look at this one. It's like a whole forest of bonsai. >> It's really pretty. >> It is pretty. I wonder if he's over by the koiish. Let's [music] go see. >> I know. Wouldn't that be nice in your backyard? That would be [music] so fun. Oh, guys, if you've seen my Disney Springs video, put a comment in the chat of an item I saw that I was like, "Dizzy, please bring this back." I saw it in a display >> in one of the shops in Disney Springs. And I was like, I got so excited and I was like, "We need this back." So, let me know in the chat. I'll see if who's seen the vlog yet. I know. I just put out yesterday and it was a surprise, but I'm just curious. Who knows? All right. No spike here. Let's go this way. Easter egg. >> Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Is that the bunny from Toy Story? >> Yes. The [music] chick and uh the bunny. Am I got it right away? Good job, Amara. Duffy >> knows all. >> He does. Yeah, he was in Remember we saw him when we were shopping that day. He was in that little display >> just like a random Duffy. >> Yeah. >> And I was like, >> if you're going to put him in a display, >> he needs to be for sale. >> Uhhuh. >> Maybe it's a hint. >> That's what I was wondering. >> Maybe he's coming soon. Wow, they really have him hidden today. Spike. Spike. Dubby. Spike. Dubby. Where can he be? >> This is cool though. >> Wow. This had to take some time to figure out. >> So fun. What is that? It's like somebody's playing the xylophone or something over there. Oh, that's cool. That Oh, they are. Okay, that is really fun. Hi, Edwin. I'm doing well. How are you? Hey, Micah. That is really fun. All right, I'm not seeing a spike. >> This is a nice thin garden, but I think that would get annoying if you're sitting here >> right now. It's cool. >> Yeah, you're not here for very long. >> Yeah. However, >> I was going to say and probably if you're here with a bunch of people, >> then you won't even hear it. >> Oh my goodness, Spike, you are so tricky. >> Do you think he's down? Oh, you know what? Maybe down by the water. >> You know what? [music] That's a good point. >> Yeah. >> Let's go see. >> But you have cornfish. All right. Tricky tricky spike today. Oo, that was slick. Be careful. These things are slick. Um, wow. Okay, we are stumped on this one. The rest of them were so easy. I know. I think we might have. >> Oh, was it playing the Moana song? I didn't notice. >> Huh? Okay. [music] Well, any any hints, guys? Oh, you know what? I have a thought. There's another garden up here by the shop. >> Oh, okay. Back farther >> like right over here. Yeah, on the right. Okay, let's go back [music] there and see. Probably a Josh question, but is there a difference between a xylophone and a glock and spiel? That is definitely a Josh question. [laughter] Or a Google. >> I think that's how you spell it. That's different. >> Yeah. Yeah, there you go. I That's exactly right. [music] >> Yes, the garden in the back. Thanks, guys. Oh, >> okay. >> I forgot there was one back here. wasn't sure. >> Okay. Oh, yep. There's >> Yeah. Yep. Here he is. We found him. It just took a minute. It's fine. Something purple. Oh, it's Iris. >> Iris. Well, there he is. All right. Let me [music] zoom in for you guys. Cute. >> All right, got to keep going. >> Awesome. >> Hi, Spike. >> You are really tricky on this one. But yes, here is my sign right here. This garden. [laughter] >> This one. >> Uh-huh. Exactly. >> I like the little uh shaped >> base on that iris plant. >> Oh, cute. I didn't even notice that. That is adorable. All right, guys. I am going to actually give you back to Sharon for a [music] second cuz I want to take off my long sleeve. Thank you. I'm going to move on from getting kind of >> afraid. I'm going to >> Yeah, there's some cooled up water. We had a huge rainstorm last night. Well, in the evening. Moved through lots of lightning and thunder. And we needed [music] the rain, though. It was getting kind of dry here. [music] Oh, you're also getting [music] rain in New Jersey. Yeah, it seemed like it moved across the entire US. >> Amara, I will pass that along to Jenna. [music] Yes, Spike was being hard to find. This humongous Japan building was originally intended to house an an [music] indoor roller coaster way back in the planning phase. >> Much better. Thank you. >> Amara reminded you to check your battery level. >> Oo, thank you. 29%. [music] Um, so I'm going to wait a little bit maybe until we get our food and, >> you know, we're [music] parked somewhere at a table parked. Are the Spike the Bee Garden steaks still in stock? Yes, they are. We We showed them earlier in the uh uh create creations. Yeah, creation shop. All right, so I think our next one is um America >> Magnolia [music] Terrace. All right. I bet it'll be the magnolia. >> I I don't think so. No, I'm just [laughter] kidding. >> How' you guess? >> And I bet basil will be in Italy. >> Oh, yep. >> And then that one's leftover. >> That one's a leftover. Whatever that is. >> A xylophone is made out of wood and a glocken spiel is made out of metal and the pitch is different. There you go. Okay, cool. Amazing. Wow, it is so nice back here. I highly recommend. Not everything's open back here, but it is nice just to stroll, take everything in before all the crowds are back here. >> Um, but the food booths do open in 6 minutes, so we're getting closer. >> This is a great time to stroll. >> Yeah, >> nearly as crowded. >> It is not so nice. Well, let's go see what they have to eat in America as we're looking for Spike, of course. And then we have another awesome sponsor. We have uh let's see, David's Vacation Club Rentals. If you would like to treat your family twist day at a Disney Deluxe Villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out at dvcrequest.com/tv. again, tvcre request.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. I'm guessing he's over here somewhere by Tiana. >> Tiana, there he is. Yeah. Oh, she is so pretty. Oh my goodness. So pretty. Oh, there he is. He's over in the corner. I can't tell what he has though, so let's Oh, there we go. >> I'm assuming it's a magnolia, but let's go see. Yep. Look at that. >> And no way. In the magnolia terrace. So smart. >> There we go, guys. >> Amazing. All right, two more. >> Yay. Let's see what they got to eat here. >> Oh, black and shrimp. Poor boy. >> Grilled golf o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o oyster shep, chicken gumbo and banana foster bread pudding. Uh, the bread pudding sounds great. >> Yeah. And the spiced rum cocktail sounds good, too. All right. Nothing I need. >> Yeah, >> for sure. All right. Well, journey on to our next one. >> Italy. >> Love how quiet it is right now. >> I know. There's nobody back here. I love it. >> Cute. >> A That is cute. And there's Oh, yeah. The ears were back in stock. These these sold out pretty quick. They got them back. It goes really well with, of course, the spirit jersey. It was really cute. >> And the bow does come off, which I love. >> Really nice. Isn't >> that fun? >> But you could wear that with a lot of >> anything. Yeah. A lot of Epcot stuff. >> Mhm. >> For sure. >> All right. [music] I want Duffy back, too. I know. I would love that. [music] >> That would be amazing. >> Yep, there it is. >> This is the perfect stream for me today. I booked a last minute trip to Epcot for the festival. Oh, that's that's so exciting. I'm [music] glad you're enjoying the stream. Do you know who the band is tonight? >> Um, well, last night it was Billy Ocean. I don't I don't know if he's like >> Let's check. Yeah, [music] >> let's check. Did you hear that? Um, the Beach Boys and John Samos are going to be at SeaWorld. >> Yes, I heard that on the radio. >> Okay, today is Billy. Okay, Billy Ocean. >> And then tomorrow is Metro Latino Band. >> Yeah, they are three days. >> Three days and then four days >> is the orchestra. >> So excited for that. We got a um Andy and I got a dining package. Get good seats. I don't know who that is. >> Electric light Orchestra. >> They were popular when I was in high school. >> Okay. Okay. I'm sure I've heard their songs. I just I can't think of them. >> You would. [music] You'd recognize songs. They're >> really great. >> Mottown. Hermits. Hermit. Herman's Hermits. 38 Special. I think Josh likes to watch them. Uh Element. Okay. Nothing I have to see right at the moment, but um yeah, a lot of cool cool bands. We're excited for the orchestra. >> That'll be fun. That's what in next week. >> It's this >> or two weeks. >> It's this weekend. >> Oh, okay. Okay. >> Coming up this. >> Awesome. >> This past Saturday, I went to my local library with my mom with a historian talking about the history of Walt Disney. Oh, that's super fun. >> The band tonight is Headband Comedy. Wait, what? Headband Comedy. [laughter] All right, Italy. >> Where is Mr. Spike Dub? Yes. Ciao. Spike. >> Spike dubby. Spike. When is Beach Boys in SeaWorld? We have an annual pass there. They are there. Um, it's either Saturday or Sunday. I forget. I think it's Sunday. >> This coming weekend. >> 22nd. >> Oh. So, >> yeah. Yeah. >> So, this Wow. So, is that Sunday? >> I think it's Sunday. >> 22nd, I think. >> Yeah, 22nd, I believe. >> I believe. Uh, let's go back there. Yeah, let's go back. Well, we want to see Lady in the anyway, so >> why not? Uh, hey, Purple Fire. How are you? Hi, Robin. I saw Hermit [music] or Herman's Hermits last year. It was so fun. Nice with him. I I saw a band with Josh and I can't remember who it was now and they were good. So, was it Starship? >> Oh, yeah. >> Um I don't know if they're here this year. >> Really good. We saw them. Was it food and wine? >> That could be. Okay. I'm thinking of food and wine. They were good. >> All right. We got Lady and we got Lady's ears are a little out of control. Still cute. >> She's got a lot of I feel like this is the lady. She's a little more from the um live action version. >> Live action. Yes. >> A little more >> hair going on. >> Poofy ears. >> Cute though. [music] >> All right, Spike. Where you at, buddy? >> Spike be. Oh, look at this. They have a tiramisu popsicle. >> Creamy tiramisu [music] gelato layered with espresso dipped lady fingers topped with cocoa powder. I wish I could eat that. You should eat that for me. Okay, I will. That sounds [music] amazing. >> This booth used to have a lemon cello popsicle. >> Oh, really? >> Oh my goodness. It was delicious. >> That sounds amazing. >> Been here for a long time. >> Sad. [music] >> That was >> They have a lemon cello cocktail. >> Yeah. >> And an orange cello cocktail. A bellini. I bet that [music] was good. Okie dokie. Let's see. [music] I thought maybe he'd be back here. >> Okay. >> Okay. So, maybe he's >> maybe he's out. Yeah. >> Via Napoli. >> I know. It sounds so good right now. [music] >> I know. The wine seller is fun. I haven't been there in a while. >> Manoa [music] J, welcome in. How are you today? Thanks for joining us. Happy Monday, everybody. Food booth just officially opened. So, we're going to go see what we can try. [music] [music] >> The only one I got. >> Thank you for 700 and almost 40 likes. Um 1,400 people watching. I bet we can get some more likes. Let's uh hit that like button. and bop bop bop. Should we do a rapid fire bop? We haven't done one of those. Yeah, I think so. So guys, all you have to do is close out of the chat, find the thumbs up button, and bop it. You can only bop it once cuz if you bop it twice, it takes it away. So, >> uh, do you see him? >> No. I mean, you know how some years they come him down? >> Yeah. Le were down there one time, too. Oh, there's an egg. >> Oh, cute. >> We're finding all the eggs. >> Uhhuh. You know, I have an idea. There's a little garden over here. Sometimes he's in this garden. Let's go see. >> All right, let's do that rapid fire bop. Are you guys ready? Are you set the like button and subscribe if you're new? >> See how many more likes we get. Oh, I saw them. Yay. Hey, we did it. [music] >> We did it. We did it. >> Garden. >> Ah, yes. Garden Italiano. Basil. >> Oh, look. It's Basil. >> We did it. Yay. Hello, Spike. Spiked [music] Duby. Spiked Duby. We found him. Where can he be? Where can he be? >> There he is. >> All right. One more. Mhm. Which apparently is in Mexico. >> Oh, look. I bet it's that one. >> I bet it is. >> Okay, [music] let's go see. >> Get one easy enough. >> Let's go see. >> And [music] as we go around, we'll go see the dwarfs. >> Yes. Oh, look at the tiny little tomatoes. They're so cute. >> Tiny tiny. [music] >> Yes. Mega Byron. Almost. We have one more. Hey, Infinity Nemo, 1500. Thanks, guys. Subscribe if you're new. Also, go over to Adventures of Jenna and Dale and hit the subscribe button over there. We uh have lots of cruise videos over there right now. I think I'm on number four. I got to edit number five. Okay. >> So, um I think right. [music] >> Yeah. So, stay tuned. I'm hopefully going to do that tonight or tomorrow and get it out here soon. Um >> busy. >> Lots of editing. >> Busy editing. Yes, lots of editing. >> Let's talk about Dale in a harness walking over, right? >> I was like, "What are you doing?" >> Same, same, same, same. I know. He's like, "I want to do that." I'm like, "Wow, >> not me. >> I will film you from the ground." >> Um, but yeah, a lot of people were doing it. Kids even. >> I know. >> No, thank you. >> I know. And it was so funny too because right before he like they made the [music] ground, you know, disappear, um the guy the guide was standing over and he goes, "Oh, check your helmet." So Dale took his arms off the harness for a second to check the harness and he dropped them right then. >> Oh. Oh, you should have. His face was priceless. It was so funny. And here's Dad's dwarfs >> incoming. Mhm. Um, but yeah, so that was a fun video. If you guys missed it, go check it out. >> Go check out Dale walking over the ocean. >> Yeah, >> in a harness. >> If you want to know what we're talking about, go over and check out that video is the one from uh Cosmemell. >> Cosm out this way cuz we're not looking for a spike until uh what? Mexico, we think. Yeah, >> can you name all of them? Um, I think I can name them, but not with dad's names. >> I could do the real names. >> Uh, Nia says, "Snow White and the Dwarfs is my favorite topiary display. >> So beautiful. Kudos to [music] the Epcot porticulture team for sure, Nia. >> Adorable." Oh, they have that good sandwich here. >> Yes. And the potato pancake. >> Oh, okay. Let's look at this. >> Applesauce. Ooh, that sounds good. [music] Oh, that does sound good. Toasted pretzel bread >> with black forest ham. >> H. >> One of each, please. >> One of each. It is on Instagram. Yes. The seniors from our local high school go on their trip tomorrow. You'll see lots of Washington Township shirts. Okay, cool. So, do we want to try something or you want to wait for something? >> Do whatever you want to do. >> Um, let's try the potato pancakes. You want me to get them? >> Um, or I can get them and you can I'll come find you. >> Okay. >> Yeah. >> Okay. Are you sure? So, I can >> You want to hold? >> Got it. Yes. I'll hold a little table by the water. Okay. >> So, just potato pancakes. >> Yeah. And there's two it looks like. Or is there one? >> I think there are two. >> Either way, I'm fine sharing. >> Okay. Perfect. >> And then I'll get the next one. >> Thank you. All right, guys. We're going to try some [music] potato pancakes cuz why not? >> At the end of May, AJ [music] will be at Epcot. That should be a great concert. They used to have a credible bar in downtown San Diego. Okay, cool. I don't know who that is, John, but that's awesome. Are you going to come see it? [music] All right. See if I can find the stand to put you guys on and then we need to charge up. [music] We have one more spike to be to find and then we'll be done with that and then another day maybe next week [music] or April. I'm not sure. We'll do the egg hunt. We got to do it before Easter though. In the 70s when I was growing up, we had Instagram Instagram crackers. That's funny. Did you see [music] the Disney parks video about Flower and Garden? They were setting everything up. I did not, Wendy. I'll have to go look. >> Potato pancake [music] is plant-based. Hope it's good. Yeah, we're going to try. We'll let you know. Okay, Teresa, have a good one. How calming and beautiful is this? So, I am looking into getting a new phone cuz [music] I need a new streaming phone. So, I might get the same one that Josh has. We'll see. Just got to save up [music] those monies, those pennies. This one's pretty old. [music] This is a 22. So, I need an upgrade. [music] And now um this year might be the year. I kind of want to [music] do it before it gets hot because this one doesn't charge very well [music] in the heat. Oh, that was quick. >> Yes. >> All right, let's check this out. Even better. All right, [music] let me um plug these guys in real quick. I was just telling him about how I think I'm gonna look into a new Samsung because I've had this one for a while for streaming [music] >> and Josh has got the the newest one and I think in the summer it'll be better cuz they charge [music] better. >> This one's pretty old. Um so >> a thank you so much. Nice to meet you. [music] >> You too. >> Um so I think it'll be easier to >> you know [music] you can go a little longer. >> It's hotter here. >> Mhm. >> It's hotter more often than it is cold. >> Yes. [music] So yeah. Okay. >> Thank you. >> Thank you so much. [music] >> Awesome. >> Oh, perfect. >> I have this if you need any. [music] >> You love the potato pancakes. Yeah. All right. Let me show you guys what they look like here. >> Yum, yum, yum. They said they're plant-based. >> Oh, [music] hi, Parky. All right. So, let's do a a uh selfie. Hello, everybody. All right. >> All right. Dig in, [music] Jenna. >> Okay. Thank you. >> I will uh take the little guy. >> Oh, no. This Which one's little? >> I think they look the same to me. >> Do they? >> Maybe. >> Okay. >> Yeah, they are kind of squished on the plate. So, feel free to eat yours first. >> Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. It smells so good. It's a good time to come to the food booth. It's not as busy. >> Yeah, it's not. All right, here's a good bite. Mhm. Is it >> good? >> Mhm. >> It's oniony. >> Oh, >> interesting. >> Which is weird. >> Yeah. I [music] mean, >> it's not bad. It's just >> I wasn't expecting it. >> Does the applesauce have the Here, I'll just touch my You know, just applesauce. Cut the onion or >> a little. [music] >> Do you taste it? >> Okay, that bite didn't have as much. >> Is it onion? I think it's onion. >> I don't know. >> No. [music] palette. >> I wonder if it's like [music] onion >> powder like subtle. I don't really [music] >> I don't taste like an onion. I just taste the flavor. Yeah. >> I'm not sure. They're good. >> Mhm. Very good. >> It's kind of like >> savory and >> Mhm. >> sweet. >> And sweet. Mhm. where the potato or the They're not potato, I guess. They're just pancakes in Marty Groth. >> Oh, you're right. Mhm. [music] >> Oh, yeah. I forgot about those. Mhm. Those are good. >> I showed you a plate just a minute ago. If you rewind, [music] >> you don't want to see it now. >> Rewind. >> We've We've done a number on this, but >> it would not [music] be as attractive. Mm-m. H. Oh, that is the [music] weirdest bug. It looks like a lobster bug. >> Hello, weird bug. Doesn't it? Hello. My sister and I love Watch You and [music] Josh. We're going to Universal in May. Oh, that's so fun. I like this, by the way. >> I do, too. I spilled [music] some. Oopsie. >> All right. The rest is yours cuz I think mine was bigger. >> Oh, >> I cut it. I I [music] caught it, so I didn't >> Okay. >> I didn't touch it with my fork. I promise. >> Oh, I don't even care about that. But [music] >> I feel like they were about the same size. >> Well, you want more? >> No, I'm I'm good. Thank you. All yours [music] and I'll get whatever is next. It was not a nose arm bug, Tim. No, [music] >> that was good though. That was a good start. >> This is good start. I really like it. >> Yeah. >> Did we try something in China? [music] >> No, that was >> that was the guards. >> Yep. Mhm. >> It is a rather overcast day, which actually right now is okay >> cuz when that sun comes out, it is hot. Very. Yeah. [music] Where did I get my bee? I got him in the shop. Um, Creations here at Epcot. Yes, mom is back home. She's doing well. [music] We're so glad. It was a long week last week. You guys all must have been so tired. Mommy didn't get much sleep. >> They were exhausted. And [music] I was tired, too. They were more tired, of course. But I did drive back and forth quite a bit. >> Mhm. um to the hospital, make sure they were good and make sure dad was fed. >> And I know we had also offered to bring in some Andy would have brought up some food, but I was still a little stuffed up last week. I didn't bring anything with me to >> Yeah. >> Yep. [music] I know. I feel like everybody's getting a little something. Um >> Dale, he's feeling better, but he got something last week, too. Just just a cold, but >> yeah, >> never horrible. [music] It just kind of lingers. >> Yes. it he um it was the worst in his nose like just constantly blowing his nose which he thought then well maybe it was an allergy but >> he doesn't normally get allergies >> too >> I don't know [music] but >> yeah probably a cold >> um mom so we're not exactly sure but at first we thought she had had a little mini stroke [music] and that's why she went to the hospital but it wasn't so that was good um they just think due to her Alzheimer's. Um, [music] some of the plaque had gotten loose which caused they thought a little bit of bleed in the brain [music] which then caused her arm, her left arm not to work as well. Um, so yeah. So anyways, uh, so they did a procedure to make sure the bleeding [music] wasn't bad. It wasn't, which was amazing. It was great news. And, uh, she just has to re, you know, do some physical therapy and learn how to use the arm. And it's weird cuz sometimes she can use it just fine and then other times. >> So weird. >> So weird. It's the brain, you know. The brain does crazy things. >> I'm glad she's home. >> Me too. >> Me too. >> More serious. [music] >> Yeah. Me, too. Oh, I know. Cuz the doctor did say if it was what he was thinking it was, it could have been pretty scary. So, we're very very [music] >> Yeah. We was totally >> Yeah. >> very thankful that it was not what he was thinking. So yeah, thanks for all of your prayers and all of your thoughts, guys. That was very kind. It was a long week. [music] And we were going to we were going we had tickets to go to Epic on Wednesday, the three of us. >> I know. >> And um but >> were you able to get him moved to a different day? >> So I called the day that they went into the hospital. And um they needed dad to authorize his and mom's and um and they needed moms cuz I guess mom had put it on her credit card. But anyway, long story short, they were very nice. They put a little note in our um account or whatever. And they said just whenever she's feeling better, come into Universal, go into the park. She said it would be easier >> and um cuz that's where dad bought his. >> Oh, he went into Okay. um because he had to renew his ticket, his Universal Pass first and then he bought his EP epic ticket. But anyways, they just said go in, they'll be good about it. They'll see that you haven't used it and they'll be able to move it. They did say if it costs more, of course, we'll have to pay more, which I get. No, no big deal. But >> there's Mara's sign. >> Oh, there it is. See the Mara? >> There you are, Amara. >> But [music] yes, Universal is really good about working with you. Something comes up and you >> Yeah, they were She was the lady on the phone was so sweet. Um, and she she felt really bad, you know, for everything going on, of course, with mom. And so, no, she she was very nice. >> Thanks, guys. All right, let's go see what they have. Well, I know they have the fruit that I want in China. >> And for that, we might have to get our own skewer cuz that might be hard to share. >> I don't know. >> I agree. And And we might want our own. >> Exactly. But I would share the French toast if you want. I don't think I need a whole sweet. Okay. So, I will buy that. Um, and if the line's not long, I'll just wait with you. >> Okay. >> If it is, I'll just give you my credit card. Yeah. Either way, we'll see. >> I should just buy a thing like you. >> This is the handiest thing. >> That's smart. >> It's just >> super smart. >> You're not digging in your bed. >> Yeah. You just have it right there. >> Now, of course, if you're staying in a resort and you, you know, your magic, you can just use [music] your magic pan. That's a good point. You're not saying, you know, >> Oh, you're welcome. charge. >> Thanks everybody. >> Yeah, if you're at a resort, you can just Yeah. charge to Magic Band if you do that privilege. Some people don't. >> Right. Right. >> Yeah. >> That's really hard though cuz whenever you're like you're like, "Yeah, let me just tap my magic band." >> And then later doesn't exist. >> You get the bill and you're like, "Oh, boy. >> All right. >> Let's go check this out. There's the Okay, let's look at this. I love this. >> Pictures. >> Mhm. We like pictures. >> Yep. All right. There's the fruit that we want to try. Um Oh, there's a bow bun. What is it? Filled with pan fried beef, red onion, and jalapeno. Okay. >> I love the wontons, but >> I can't do [music] cream cheese. So, >> all right. I'm just going to get that. >> Mhm. >> [music] >> Wow, >> looks good. >> Does look good. It's like a sugar. >> Tastes like fruit salad. >> 100%. I mean, it's fruit. It's got to be [music] good >> for us. >> All right. >> All right. I might actually give you my credit card. Is that all right? >> Yes. >> Okay. >> Let's see here. >> They're tangled. While you're doing that, grab my my tray. >> Oo, good call. >> Grab my tray. That's one reason why I brought a bigger bag. >> Smart. >> Smart, smart, smart. >> Okay. >> I already brought >> Thank you. >> I'm going shopping. >> I did. It's like Tim's It's Tim's credit card, by the way. I'll >> be right back. I got to go to France and get those. >> Buy one for me while you're at it. Oh, yes. Perfect. And I saw ways over like you know how it goes in a little bit right there. I might be down there at the table like on the right. >> Oh, on this side. >> Yeah, but down a little ways. >> Okay. All right. Thank you. >> Go find a table. Oh, that drink looks good. >> We're going to find >> Oh, mango bubble tea. Okay, that sounds amazing right now. You want to go in here? >> All right, everybody. About time you gave up your credit card, [laughter] Tim. Tim. >> So, we do still have one more spike to be to find, but we're going to chill for a little bit while we uh have another food item. So, uh stay with us. H think I'm going to move away from that museum. I think that's going to be copyrighted. Let's go over this way and see. [music] You know what else we could do? We could go the other way. Let's do that. We don't want this whole section [music] to be copyrighted. That would be so sad. Hi, Marshall and Margie. Hey, Marshall. Great music. But >> so I don't know what the temp is at the moment, but it is supposed to get up to 82 today. >> Somebody's at the picnic table or I would have tried that. Get Sharon's attention first so she sees Oh, you're welcome, John. Thanks for being here. Getting ready to paint. Oh, awesome. >> Sharon, I'm gonna go. I'll just wait on her. I'll just wait on her. Let's >> go to the store with it and get some trash cans and candy. You guys. You guys. >> Um, if you rewind a little bit, I talked all about mom and how she's doing, but she is doing better. Thank you so much, everybody. Really appreciate it. There's the sun. >> I'm in Indiana. It is 25 and snow. Oh my goodness. That is no bueno. Snow 25 and snow. I'm sorry. What part of Indiana? >> Oh, it looks so good. Hello. I'm actually going to go this way, but I'll just wait on you now that you're right here. Um, >> I actually got something different. >> Oh, okay. >> I just >> on a whim. I love that. >> Okay, perfect. Thank you. >> I got the wonton. >> Nice. If I could eat those, I would so have gotten those, too. >> Um, so anyway, >> the tables were good. >> But the music might have been >> Oh, yeah. >> So, we'll just go that way and see what table we can find, but I'll just wait on you. >> Yeah, there's there's even some tables like on the corner right there. Oh, >> okay. Let me go see. I'll just check. [music] >> Actually, nobody's right here. We'll just do this. >> Either fly out Saturday to Saturday or Monday to Saturday. >> Here we go. This works. >> Oh, it's nice with that breeze. Oh my goodness. It's a dirty table, but it'll work. >> All right, Tim. No worries. >> Yep. I have DVC Sharon with me today. >> 57 and thunderstorms in the Poconos. Oh my goodness. Be careful. [music] >> I missed the French. Wait, what? >> I know. Mom is not here with me today. >> She's not quite ready to get out and walk [music] that much yet. >> Oh, so sorry everybody in the cold. We're going to get chilly for [music] Florida tonight. to get in the 40s and um a high of 60 tomorrow, which I know is not [music] bad, but after being in the 80s and 90s, 60 is going to feel chillyish. >> Actually, not going to mind it. The 40 that's going to feel cold. [music] Northwest Indiana. Okay, gotcha. [music] Didn't want to miss her. >> [music] >> 15 feels like zero in west central Wisconsin. Oh my goodness gracious, that is so cold. [music] >> She saw me. All right. I'm so excited for this fruit. I've been wanting to try this fruit for a while. >> I'm so excited. >> It's so pretty. >> It is so pretty. Oh my goodness. Thank you. >> That's pretty [music] good size. >> It's heavier than I was expecting. >> And then you want to show what you got? >> Yes. >> One ton. >> And then the [music] >> Ooh, those look good, too. >> I believe it's actually imitation crab. >> Oh, well, there you go. A lot of times, right? >> I love the the coating. >> Oh, thank you. Yes. Knife to pull them off of the Oh, and I have your card, too. >> Oh, perfect. >> Oh, thank you. [music] Thank you. Thank you. >> I don't know what the syrup is, but oh my goodness, this looks so so good. I'm excited. All right, everybody. [music] Card and other receipt. Okay, thank you very much. Perfect. [music] Thank you. Sorry. >> It's all watered up. All >> good. All shoved in my pocket and >> awesome. Hey, Jiminy Goofy. Uh, was hoping to see you, but in [music] Frozen. Oh, no. Oh, >> well, we're going to be here a little while longer, so might work out. >> We're pretty close to Frozen, >> depending how long the line is, of course. [music] >> So, we we have one more spike to find. All right, [music] this might be difficult for me. >> We're going to see. Let's uh selfie first. >> I thought you might be able to >> cut it. Yeah, [music] >> them off or Yeah, cut them off. I'm going to try just eating it off the stick and we'll see how it goes. >> Yeah. Something [music] savory sounds good. >> Mhm. Oh. Oh. >> Oh, it's like hard syrup. >> Mhm. >> Okie dokie. >> It's like it's >> sugar. >> Oh, [music] you got to be kidding me. They good. Okay, I'm gonna have to come back and get that later. >> Oh my word. >> Really crunchy, but so good. [music] >> Okay, I might break a tooth, but >> these are also really good. >> Are they good? >> Mhm. >> The flavor of the strawberries. [music] >> So, all the hype is true. >> It's real. Mhm. >> Oh my word. >> Mhm. >> Messy, but having the Disney blues right now. I'm sorry. >> Oh, wow. Some of them are so hard. >> Mhm. >> Oh, yeah. >> It's like a hard candy. >> Good to know. >> They call that. >> So, it actually might be hard to cut off the >> stick. And if you have braces, this would not be before. [music] >> I highly recommend these crab wontons also. They're [music] delicious. >> Oh my word. >> I don't know if you can hear me crunching, but Mhm. >> Okay. I might be here a while. >> Cuz some of these it's like the hard candy where you can crunch some. >> Uhhuh. And then others you can't. >> Mhm. >> That one. You're very [music] right. Strawberry is the best. Two hours later. [laughter] >> Oh, here we go. [music] >> How do you even eat that? >> Hi, Kyle. >> Yep. That's not going to >> break a tooth on that. So amazing. >> But [music] difficult. Okay. >> Mhm. >> I knew there was like sugar syrup or something on the outside, but I thought it was more uh you know, drippy, not solid. >> I knew it had a crunch. >> Oh, okay. >> But I didn't think it would be this crunchy. >> [music] >> Sorry, I know that's gross, but >> I can't chew that. >> These are also crunchy. >> Like ice cream. >> Oh, yeah. No, [music] that's >> bread. >> I feel like you'd have to suck on it for a while to soften them. >> And that's hard to do when you have fruit that you're trying to chew. So good, >> but weird. [music] >> Yeah, those look amazing. >> Okay, >> I [music] will say I like the strawberry better than the grape. >> I know they're doing it for like pretty >> Mhm. [music] >> Interesting. I usually really like grapes. >> Mhm. >> Grapes aren't bad. Mhm. All right. Let's see. Yeah. [music] See, that surprises me. >> Oh, here we go. The knife worked. >> Oh, good. >> Okay. >> The strawberry though that they used, >> they are good. >> So, [music] ripe. say, "Hi, Jody." Yes. Um, I put it on with two hair bands. >> Do you know what? I forgot to go to look in Germany for um >> Oh, yeah. >> Mhm. >> All right. So good but so weird at the same mad >> like look at that. >> Oh wow. >> That's just like hard candy. >> Mhm. >> See that one was chewable. Okay. >> I think they put a little too much >> like a pan like I get this panic like this panic like 115. She's like I didn't do my rolling but forgot to do it like >> very good though. >> I would get it again. >> I would get this again too. Okay, let you know. >> However, >> I'm going to be on a sugar high. >> Uh-huh. >> That's actually why I didn't get that. I changed at the last minute. >> Smart. >> Cuz we talked about getting French toast and I bet that's really sugary. >> I might need something savory in between. >> So, tomorrow Yeah. Tomorrow is my big day. It's very good though. >> You know, sometimes they don't get the best strawberries. >> Mhm. >> These are amazing. >> I would eat this [music] without sugar. >> Yeah. >> This the strawberry. >> Uhhuh. [music] >> Sorry if I missed your comment. I'm busy chewing. >> She's chewing sugar. >> Mhm. >> Be right back. >> Okay. [music] >> You know what I'd get again? Dad and I got them. Oh, no. Bean day. The uh scallops. >> Oh, from Canada. >> Or there or in the um spike the bean. >> Oh. Place. They have them in both places. >> In the spike. Oh, inside. >> Mhm. Okay. >> Oh, that's right. The day that I saw you guys on opening day. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> And it had a really good risotto with it. I forget what it was. M. Okay. Mhm. Delicious. [music] >> Are you done? >> Oh, yeah. Thank you. >> Throwing mine away. I'll throw yours away. >> Thank you very much. So good. Yep. That was worth the hype. Just be careful with your teeth. [music] >> Hi, Kyle. >> Was everyone staring? Oh, I didn't I didn't see. All right, let's go find our last spike. [music] >> And then >> we'll try some [music] more food. >> Good idea. Food. Food. Food. >> Come and get me. Come and get me. Come and get me. Come and get me. >> You have everything? Yes. >> Yep. And we got we got our uh spike. Yes, I did. Thank you. Oh, I still have napkins. I'll keep them for next time. >> All right, guys. >> It's like a nice little glass. [music] >> Yep. I would get that again in a heartbeat. >> You just got to be careful of your teeth. [music] >> Those crabs are delicious. >> I know. They looked so good. You know, one time Dale and I got him and I ate around [music] a couple of them and then he ate the inside cuz you know the outside shell I can eat. >> Yeah. >> And it is so good. Yeah. >> Well, we found the people. >> Yep. >> They're in line at Frozen. >> Uh-huh. [music] >> All right. You're welcome. Disney Dreamlight. Let's chat about um let's see. Oh, yeah. The new booth. >> Yeah. And have they have something there for the festival, too? >> Oh, they do. Oh, no. You're fine. >> What is it? >> It's a special school bread. >> Oh, maybe it's on the side. Let's go look. >> I like yummy filling. >> Ice cream bar. Maybe it's on the other side. Filled with custard and dipped in coconut. Not. >> Huh? Maybe. >> Oh. >> Oh, this makes it look like it's just a regular. >> Yeah, maybe they have a sign somewhere else. >> They have a special bread here for >> We'll have to look up in the maybe in the app. >> Unless there's a sign up on the on the counter. >> Can't tell. >> We'll have to look in the app. >> Um, so definitely go check out. Let's see. We did Resort TV. We did David's. Um, so we've got, let's see, oh, Dreamtable. Yeah, dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to make a hard to get uh reservation here at Disney, um, if you go to dreamtable.co, you can download it on the app store or just go to dreamtable.co and uh, put in all the information, you know, the restaurant you're wanting to get, how many people, um, and, uh, that, of course, the date, the time, all those things. and then they'll notify you whenever the reservation becomes available. So, they won't make the reservation for you. They'll just notify you and then you go into the Disney app and you make that reservation. So, again, whenever you're trying to make a really hard to get reservation, go check out dreamtable.com. I need to do that for the t- room cuz I haven't found any t- room. So, I'm going to go and do that when we're done. Don't let me forget. >> Talking to somebody else about that about how it's just >> nothing >> nothing available. So, I'm going to do that as soon as I'm done here um with the stream. Go to dreamtable.com and put that in there cuz I want to go so bad. >> You know, in the past he was outside and he was like over here somewhere, but I don't know about this year. >> Oh, there he is. >> He's right there. >> Oh my goodness. >> He's kind of hard to see. >> Yeah, he is. um with that weird flower. >> Mhm. >> I don't know how to say it, >> but there he is. >> And you would totally miss him if you didn't know this little garden was over here. >> All right. >> How do you say it? >> I don't know. I'm just guessing. I said >> I Sorry, I'm pending here. >> You are all good. You are fine. >> I'm going to buy another one cuz mom wants another flower. So, it's all good. There we go. >> Got it. >> Awesome. >> We did it. >> Yay. We finished. We found all the spiked dubbies. Spiked dub. Empty. Woohoo. Where can he be? We found him. >> Perfect. >> Yes. Awesome. >> Yes, please. >> All right. Awesome, guys. We're done. And again, I showed you what the prize was earlier. Thank you very much. So, if you missed it, go back. It was inside of Creation Shop. They're tiny little flowers. Well, not tiny, but they're about >> Yay. big. And they uh they got little flowers in there, and then they dance with uh solar power. Yeah, they're so cute. Oh my goodness, it's busy. >> Welcome to spring break at Walt Disney World. So anyway, thanks Tim. So I I got of course Spike the Bee cuz I have to Spike and uh Mom got a Figment. >> So [music] all right. Well, let's see what other food we can find. I know we want the French toast, but let's see. I think I'm going to need something savory. Yeah. >> So maybe maybe let's go to Canada if the line's not long. Or the one up top, you know, up top. Up front. Up top there on Spaceship Earth. Yeah. You never been there? It's pretty cool. [laughter] >> Just kidding. I forget what's here. Uh, let's see. They have Ooh, sticky pork ribs. That would be a mess. >> I heard good things about this flatbread, too. >> Oh, really? >> Fine herbs. M. >> And the terrarium sounds good, except for the matcha. >> Mhm. >> Okay. >> Those ribs look amazing. >> They sure do. >> Way better to eat when we're not like >> streaming. Picking up the >> Uh-huh. Agreed. >> Agreed. Well, yeah. Scallops it is. You know, I'm thinking >> the one up front might be a little less busy. Oh, good idea. >> Yeah. So, I'm Canada's always busy. >> Uhhuh. >> So, let's do that. Hi, Dan. >> And if we find a seat inside, even better. I was >> thinking the same thing. >> Mhm. >> And don't go anywhere, guys, cuz we are going to try the French toast before we end the stream cuz we have to. >> Should we go in there for science? >> Yes, sure. >> I mean, you never know. >> And I was also noticing this is where you can get either Yes. Egg Hunt. >> Oh, and they are $11.99 before >> spike hunt. >> Yes, before your AP discount. $1.99. And you can also get your um price here, too. I need to pick up the egg one. Oh, yeah. This is pins. I always forget. See what they got. >> Oh my goodness. That is so cute. We got Dumbo and we have a Alice ride. Oh my god. Isn't that >> adorable? >> Are we able to see which pins are in the box? >> So fun. >> Okay. >> Oh my goodness. It's squishy in here. All right, we're just going to we're just going to Yep. Go this way. Hello, Froggy. Thank you so much. Tim said, "Oh, no. Pins." Well, Tim, the pins are very popular. >> Look away. They are very popular. >> Oh, we're really close to 1,000 likes. We got Moana, Heihei, and Pua. Poo. [laughter] I said it wrong the other day. >> I called them Heii and poo poo. [laughter] >> Oh, that's right. >> Heii and Pooh. >> That is so good. >> That's really well done. >> It is. So pretty. And I feel like they have more room here than they did up front. So, it's perfect. >> Awesome. Let's go get a view from this way of the beautiful flower quilt. Ratatouille is 85 minutes. Holy moly. [clears throat] It's very beautiful, but I feel like it was brighter even last week. >> Some of them some of them are still pretty bright and amazing. I think it was the purple ones in like right there. The light blue purple. >> Exactly, Tim. >> Very nice. All right. >> [music] >> Yep. I'm pretty sure Josh will be live tomorrow. Hey, Leslie. >> You're surprised they don't have a Spider-Man topiary? I don't think we're allowed to do anything with Spider-Man on this side um of the Mississippi because Universal has the rights to that. Unless it's at Disney Springs. Oh, you can I think we can sell the merch. That's it. >> Sell the merch, but we can't do like attractions or things. I I I could be wrong, but I think that's what it is. >> It's a weird right. >> Yeah, since they've got the Spider-Man ride at Universal and Marvel Hero Land or whatever they call it. >> Maybe that will end in some >> I bet it will cuz that kind that land kind of needs a reverb anyway. So, I bet they'll change it up here sometime. They do have the flower some flower and garden merch on both sides. Orange bird more on this side. Spike the bee and Alice more on that side. Look how pretty. >> And we're going to head into the uh Communicore Hall. I always forget what it's called. Communicore Hall. Try some food. That berry thing in there was good, too, with the berry soft serve. >> It was delicious. >> [music] >> But if we're getting French toast, I'm going to skip it. >> Oh, good point. [music] >> I had sugar already. [laughter] >> It is good though, [music] just for the soft sort of soft serve alone. [music] >> All right. So, we're going to have to go in. >> What? I don't know what's [music] happening. Anyway, uh we're gonna go around to the other side [music] because they're doing incontto and I'm gonna meet you guys for just one second, maybe Yeah. Oh, yeah. We don't want All right, I uh unmuted for you guys. So, we we're far enough away. We should be good. We're going to go around this way. This is where you order anyway. >> [clears throat] >> Okay. >> Hello, Santana family. >> I can't wait. So, they're going to switch this menu up and it sounds like what they're going to get, you know, next in a month or is it next month, I guess, or in two months? It sounds really good. >> I do like that they switch out the [music] items here like fresh delicious. >> Yeah, it was so good. And that was good. [music] >> Andy wants to try this. >> Ooh, the asparagus. >> It's got a poached egg on top. >> Oh, it does. And then is this [music] >> what they're getting? Nope. That's the same. Okay. You have to look in the >> in the little booklet. >> Yeah. [music] Hey, Spectro Magical. All right, let's go in. >> No, I don't see a table. Um, >> I guess get yours and then we can flip-flop. How about that? Oh, thank you. >> I don't see a table. [music] >> But we could always go out to I'll keep my eye open. >> They need a couple more tables. I think they would have room. Oh, there might be one over here. Let me go look. Spike. [music] Oh, yay. a table. >> Perfect. >> Okay. [music] Hi guys, here we are. We're going to get some food. Scallops. Happy Monday, Linda. How are you today? [music] >> Thanks for 1600 people in the chat today. Look how pretty it is in here. [music] Here's a tip, too. If it is busy in creation shop, come in here and um you can [music] shop some of the flower and garden merch in here as well. [music] Southern Flying Squirrel. They have flight at night, big brown bat, uh barn owl, the firefly, and southern flying squirrel. >> [music] >> I need a poop. [music] [music] >> [music] >> Let me see. I was going to pull up my [music] Disney Springs. There [music] we go. So, here is my Disney. So, we did a what's new at Disney Springs for the month of March. >> [music] >> Oh, that's cool, M. I didn't know that. Amazing. [music] >> Stand up so Sharon can see. We're talking about Bruno out there. I hear it. [music] >> Get your ears on. How are you? >> Don't go anywhere. We're going to try um the scallops from here and then we're going to go over and try the French toast um at brunch cot. Oh, she's up there now. Okay, perfect. Hi, Coy Bear. I know the Winnie the Boo song is just [music] it's just so comforting. It's a great song. Can't go wrong. >> So, they said our good [music] [music] this way for now until we get our foods. But yeah, don't go anywhere. [music] [music] >> [music] >> Hopefully. >> Uh, do you guys hear Encanto at all? >> I hear it, but I don't know if you guys can hear it. Hi, Jacob. How are you? Welcome. [music] [music] about [music] sex. [music] It is nice, isn't it? Love the sounds of the the bugs and the birds. I guess that's [music] birds, not bugs. Oh, good. I'm glad you don't hear the encounter too much. Perfect. [music] Mom and dad are good. Yep, they're doing good. Hey, Blade Runner, how are you? Welcome [music] in. >> Yay. Hello. Awesome. Um, I love this tray. [laughter] I got you a knife. I mean, I'm sorry, a fork and a spoon. Perfect. And a knife in case they need to be cut. >> Mhm. They probably will be. Thank you. >> I got a frozen lemonade and two straws. >> Yum, yum, yum. >> It might be. >> Gotcha. >> All right. Oop. What did I just do? The gimbal's being wonky. Hang on, guys. Come on, you can do it. Gimble, what you doing? >> Nope. >> I know. Oh my word. Gimble, seriously. Let's try this again. [music] Might have to unplug. Yep, I got to unplug. >> You need to around and hold on. >> Sorry, guys. Oh, there we go. Okay, we're going to try this one more time. There we go. It like it died and then it said, "No, you can't have that plugged in and turn me back on." All right, here we go. Look, guys. So, we got scallops, risoto, and you said a frozen lemonade. Nice. Love it. >> Scallops. >> And scallops. Perfect. All right, let me um selfie it up here. I brought you a straw in case you want to try it. >> Thank you. I think I think I'm okay. Thank you. >> Yeah. Sometimes lemonade and I >> Uh-huh. I know. Sometimes it can be a little hard on the tummy. >> Mhm. Wow. The gimbal is now wonky. Look at it. >> It's fine. I I don't know what you mean, Jenna. >> What is happening right now? Sorry, guys. Give me a second. We'll fix it. I promise. >> There's honey in there, too. >> Oh, I do like honey. >> Wow. >> All right, give me a moment. >> Uhhuh. >> Everybody, >> delicious. >> We're going to fix it. >> I hope. >> Everybody look away so you don't get sick. >> It's still crooked. It's not as bad. Not as bad. I told I told Dale that I need a new phone for streaming and a new gimbal. So, we're going to look into getting them. We just >> Yeah, it's all good. # Tilt Tilt is back. It's fine. I'm actually sweating right now. >> When you go It's It's deceiving today, right? >> Because it doesn't seem that hot, but when you walk away in the sun, >> it's kind of sweaty. >> Yeah, in the sun. >> It's humid. >> It is. It That's what it is. It's humid and this morning you're wet. >> No, you're good. I'm >> got it on me right now. >> It's um [music] humid, which is weird though because >> when we first came it was chilly. >> Mhm. >> So, anyhoos. >> Is it good? >> I'm so glad I got this. >> Good. >> The scallops. >> Yes. Good. Good. Good. Okay. >> These are delicious. >> I remember they were so good on opening day. >> They're buttery. Love that. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And the risoto >> Mhm. >> was good, too. I remember. >> Wow. Okay. >> I would get this again. >> Yep. This is my second time. >> Mhm. >> Mhm. Oh, scallop with spring pea risoto, lemon beret blanc, and grim mulatta. Okay, that was good. Mhm. >> Delicious. Yum. I have not gotten the Alice Wonderland years yet, but they still have them. The The year is my oyster. >> Sorry for all the gimbal trouble >> or the year is my scallop. >> [music] >> I like it. >> This is so good. >> Mhm. >> It's so nice in here. >> Mhm. >> I love how they can decorate it. >> I love that center. >> Mhm. The spike. >> Like the spike. [music] >> I love it too when it when they do Flight of the Bumblebee and then it lights up. >> It's really cute. [music] Oh, there you go. The year is your oyster. The scallop is your lunch. Perfect. That's good. >> All right. [music] Oops. Wrong button. Here we go. Give you guys a view of the [music] the pretties. Not me. These scallops are amazing. I do wonder how they compare to the [music] Canadian ones. >> Mhm. Well, I don't really know how you could beat this. >> Mhm. I agree. And I don't know what [music] they're on to be quite honest. >> Like I don't know if it's a risoto or >> Oh. Oh, the one in Canada. >> Mhm. [music] Cuz the risoto. >> Good question. No. H. [music] >> But I think you were smart [music] to think about this option. >> Yeah. >> Not the line wasn't very long. >> Yeah. >> Um >> I think people miss this one. >> Nice [music] and quiet. I mean, you know, there's tables in here. It's cool. Air conditioned. >> Yeah. [music] I feel like opening day it was packed. But also >> everybody's here for opening day. >> So I get that. But if you're not just here for the festival, you're not going to think to come in here. [music] >> What's smaller this year, Sandra? [music] The berry thing looked good too, right? >> It looks so good. >> You have to try it. You'll like it. >> The [music] um the quantity of Is it like a soft serve or is it still wet? >> It's either one. I put it. Yeah. But I could eat it. >> It was a good quantity. [music] >> Yes. Yeah. And so good. So so good. >> Oh. Oh, here come me. >> Cute. >> Oh my goodness. It's hard to see him, but [music] I love this. Where'd you go, Spike? >> [music] [music] >> I brought you one of these in case you didn't sit on it, but in case you wanted to look through it for options. >> Perfect. My gimbal died again. What is happening? Gimbal, don't die. >> Sorry, [music] everybody. Yep. Time for a new one. Mhm. It's not liking the the cord when I pick it up. [music] So weird. >> Okay, I know Spike is here. Do you hear him? [music] These scallops are amazing. So good. >> Sometimes you can get them and they're kind of chewy, you know. Yep. Not these. [music] >> They like melt in your mouth. >> Hi, Ellen. [music] And then we're going to get French toast for dessert. >> Mhm. >> It's going to be awesome. >> Yeah. You could rapid fire bop to the, you know, >> I love it. >> The be song even the bumblebee. trying to remember. >> I had risoto somewhere recently and [music] it was amazing and I cannot think of where it was. It was the um the Windermir wine and dine. >> Oh, okay. >> And I think it was at the restaurant from Disney Springs, the Italian one. Um >> that's near the boat house. >> Yes. >> Terra Luna. Terra. No, >> I know which one you're talking about. I can't think of the name of it. >> Is that Risoto? >> Mhm. >> I think I went back cuz they only give you tiny little portions. I think I got it three times. It was that good. >> That's a good restaurant. I think >> I've never been >> weaving their um >> I got to go. >> We met like a big group of friends there once and it seemed that every person like their dish. Andy and I just shared something cuz the ports were pretty big which is also nice. You can share and >> Yeah. I don't remember what we got. Lasagna maybe. >> Okay. Excuse me. >> Mhm. >> Yum. Yum. Yum. I love all the Winnie the Poo music. [music] >> Thanks, Petra. [music] >> Pull your feet up. I'm going to roll this around with it. Okay. Straw is dead. >> Oh no. >> You know, like sometimes it has a little crack or a >> I saw somebody said they use a toothbrush holder, like a travel one, and put in biodegradable >> Mhm. >> like straws. >> My daughter does that. She brings like the the or the reusable straws, like where you take them home, wash them out, use them again. >> Yep. But if you don't want to like forget them. >> Mhm. >> The compostable ones, but they're still like plasticky. >> Mhm. >> I got to look for those. >> Yeah, >> cuz the paper ones are no bueno. >> No. >> Winnie the Pooa. There you go, Tim. Wow. Amazing. Is that supposed to sound like cream? >> I love it. >> Me, too. It's like the land. [music] >> The potato pancakes were very good. Yeah. >> Mhm. >> Very good. >> I really liked them. >> Yeah. Me, too. >> I didn't get as much onion after the first bite. I think it just like shocked me. I was like, "Oh, [music] >> they were more savory, but they were good." They were good savory. >> Maybe they put like a little seasoning in that. >> Yeah. Good question. Hi, Susie. Want a tried meal? You wouldn't want mine now. It's half gone. More than half gone. body system. >> Yep. >> I would get this again and again and again. >> Yeah. [music] >> I really really like potato pancakes. I don't know that I would rush back to get them again. >> Same. >> I mean, it's and I like them. They were good, >> but I would rush back to get >> I would rush back to get the scallops. I love the crab wantton. I would definitely rush back to get those again. I know you liked your fruit. >> I would get the fruit again. Even though it was hard to chew some, I would still get it again. >> However, I would say if you just got like teeth work done or the braces, you definitely couldn't eat them. >> Yeah. >> Or [music] if your teeth are just brittle, >> nuts aren't trouble warning. I know. >> I know they should. >> Warning. This could be hard on your teeth. >> You could chip a tooth. >> Mhm. >> [music] >> It's funny cuz I'm not a big [music] I don't really like peas, >> but they don't have that many in here. No, >> I'm just scooping them. >> I [music] do like peas, so I love that there was a few in the risoto. >> Mhm. [music] >> I don't I've never liked them ever since I was a kid. They have a weird texture. [music] and a weird sweet flavor that I'm not a fan of. But everybody else likes them. >> I get the whole texture thing. [music] Yeah. >> Yeah. >> I like the sweetness of them. >> And I think in this dish it really adds a lot because the [music] dish is very buttery and savory. You're right. And there's a little bit of sweetness from the peas. And there's just a small amount of peas. >> There's literally probably 10. They're not that many. >> So they're easy to work around. Mhm. >> [music] >> And then whatever this is, flowers. >> Those are bean sprouts. Well, I don't know. I'm I'm not sure. [music] >> It's edible. >> Yeah, they're edible. All right, yummy. Dessert time. [music] Oh, so sorry everybody's getting snow. [music] And I mean, even in the Seattle area, we had gotten a couple of snowstorms in the middle of March. It was rare. >> Yeah. [music] >> But usually by the time you reach the middle of March, you're done with snowstorms. Maybe not in the Midwest or the Northeast. >> I I remember vividly one time coming here for spring break [music] when I taught in Indiana. Chloe and I flew here to see mom and dad. Spent the week with them and then flew back and we're coming and I think I went into the South Bend airport coming below the clouds. You know, we [music] hadn't been there for a week and I guess Dale didn't tell me or I didn't ask. I don't know. Covered in snow. >> Oh my goodness. >> The entire plane went Oh, it was so funny. Literally audible. Oh, >> that's great. >> Hey DVC Andy. Hey, Andy. >> Does Andy He doesn't like seafood, right? >> Okay. Then you wouldn't like these. >> No, he would like the risotto. >> Mhm. >> With the peas. >> But you have to try the berry [music] >> Mhm. >> sorbet thing. >> He would definitely like the berry sorbet because I believe I saw that there's blueberries on there and that's his favorite berry. [music] >> They do have blueberries. >> Yummy. Yummy. Hi Lee. Happy Monday. All right. >> And he would like the potato pancakes. Oh, yeah. Um, I just had the breadcot, now I've [music] lost it. >> They also have the yummy avocado toast. >> I love that stuff. >> Mhm. >> I [music] got it the other day and I feel like whoever made it. I hadn't done it much before cuz they didn't put a lot of avocado on there and I'm like, "This is avocado juice." >> That's frustrating. [music] >> It was. It was still good. It just wasn't as good. >> Wonder if they were running low. Maybe he was also trying to hurry. >> Mhm. >> So that might have been a problem, but Oh, here we go. >> That booth is gets >> really [music] busy. Yeah. >> Okay. So, the French toast, we're going to get >> Mhm. >> Uh French toast with cinnamon cereal cream and caramel [music] sauce. Interesting. >> Yum. >> And then the fruit cereal shake, vanilla [music] soft serve, and fruit flavored breakfast cereal. I might try that. I've never tried it. >> It doesn't. >> And it says vanilla soft serve, so [music] I could probably have it. >> Yeah, the vanilla soft serve sounds great. >> Mhm. [music] >> I've never I know they've had the cereal >> Yeah. >> drinks in the past forever. >> And and I've never gotten one because it just didn't sound appealing to me. But they're really popular, so it must be good. >> I might try it. We'll see. >> They [music] also have a peach balini. >> Oh, yeah. I had that on on opening day. >> Oh, okay. Um, it was good. [music] It was refreshing, not too sweet, which was nice. >> That is good. [music] >> This is so funny. >> Yeah. >> All right, guys. Well, let's head over to [music] I'm going to unplug cuz >> we're good for now. And it was being wonky. [music] [music] >> Good. Still got spike. That's [music] good. Yep. Still got the spike. Me, too. >> Oh, I can't get up now. [music] What is this song? Why don't I recognize [music] it? >> This is a popular song. >> It's from [music] >> Oh, no. This is Yes, this is from uh When Can I See You Again from Big Hero 6. [music] No, Wreckit Ralph. I'm sorry. Wreck-It Ralph. When can I see you again? So, I almost missed so pretty, isn't it? Love that some of the flowers are moving. That's right. Yes. Thanks, Age of Retro. How are you? [music] >> Yes. When will I see you again? It's also in the paint the night um parade. [music] Oh, now I can't see. >> Hello. >> I cannot see. Holy moly. >> All right, next stop. French toast. We had our I know. We had our protein. It is time for dessert. >> You know, for science, we must try all these things. For science, let all the wonderful humpers know. >> Exactly. It's worth trying. >> Yeah, 100%. You guys want to know, right? There's another Pers. All the Puffers doing well. Thanks, Age of Retro. Um, I'm trying to see which way would probably probably that through the store, actually. >> Thank you. >> [music] >> the back side of the store. >> Yeah, Lee, we actually did Living with the Land first thing. So, if you rewind, you can check it out. >> Yeah, >> it was a fun We actually had our entire boat tours. >> Yes, we had our own boat. >> It was awesome. >> Both both attached boats. [music] We were the only people >> only people in both of the boats. It was >> the boat just for us. >> Amazing. Yeah, [laughter] >> we're going to think so. We were in Disney World last year this week >> to help you celebrate your eight years of [music] streaming. We met you and Josh Friday at the fireworks. Oh, that's so cool. Yeah, it's coming up actually. Oh, is that this weekend? Hang on. Let me look. >> I think it is. Yeah. What's the um nine years of streaming? It is um the 19th. It's Thursday. >> Wow. Thursday instead of Friday. >> So, next year I know. Oh, isn't that crazy? >> Mhm. >> Go somewhere. >> Disneyland Paris. >> Oo, I like that. Disneyland Paris. >> New Frozen Land. >> No, that looks so cool. Disneyland Paris. We could go to uh, you know, on the Disney Adventure. >> Oh, yes. There you go. >> I love that. >> You know, we think big. >> We do think big. Tokyo, which however they don't let you stream there, so that wouldn't >> No. >> So that wouldn't work since it's, you know, eight night or it'll be 10 years streaming. >> Yeah, you can vlog. >> Huh? >> Yeah. >> That's fascinating. >> I know. >> All right, girls. [music] >> It was amazing. Exactly. Oh, we did it. 1,000 likes. Thanks, everybody. >> Woohoo. surrounded by spring beauty while the nation is coming out of a deep freeze. I know we're going to be in the 40s tonight, which is weird for Central Florida this time of year. So weird. >> We've had our air on for like the last two weeks. >> Definitely. >> So, this is weird. Okay, you're back. Awesome. >> Are we alive? >> Yes, we're good. I'll be right back. >> All right. >> Yes. Yeah. I don't need that much. >> What's been going on? as possible and we're dead. That's the deal with you if we drink. >> Um, no. I do have another person and this is so I'm Yes, there's a nice breeze. >> It's actually really comfortable right now. My watch says it's 82°. That breeze definitely helps. >> Jenna went to pick us up some uh French toast to share. jail said last night we were watching TV. Hello, >> Byron. And yes, it is Andy and Sharon minus Andy. >> He's working on some projects today. Oo, 20°. Oh my goodness. Check it out. >> I hope it warms up soon for you up there in Wisconsin. >> Hello Shannon. Christmas pirates. Oh, a high of 18. Oh my goodness. Oh, 60s this weekend. That's good. Oh, hi Julie Young. That's our 40° in 4 hours, Britney. Oh my goodness. >> The temperature whiplash. Yes. Hello there, Noel Ash. And hi, especially Lesie. Oh yeah, >> I got to carry that around too. >> Oh, okay. Sorry, test track flying by. Yeah, everything. Heat. Heat. How about Petra. Jenna went to grab some food at a food booth. So, we're kind of holding a table here until she gets back. >> So, sorry the uh the view's not super exciting. Oh, we have >> That's a good question, Amara. AJ, >> Britney. Um, Jana is grabbing one of the French toast from Brunch Pop. >> Oh, thank you. >> This is Is it good? >> It tastes like It tastes like >> It tastes like legit, >> but it's mainly milk. Not really. >> Okay. Melted. >> Okay. >> Yeah. It's okay. I don't think I would get it again. All right, let's show them what this looks like. >> Let's see. So, they don't strong right here. >> Yeah. Here. >> All right. Good. Yes. Tuck them in. >> Feels good. >> Yeah, it does. It's really windy right here. Stay stay. So, we got um the French toast with cinnamon sugar cream, I think, or something like that. >> Something like that. >> Of course, cinnamon chose crunch. >> Mhm. >> Caramel and then the um milkshake that I've never tried and I've always wanted to. And then when I saw it said soft serve, I was like, "All right, let's try it." So, I tried it cuz it was like overflowing. So, I was like, "All right, I better try it." But it's not melty. Me too. I was not ready for the green. But >> probably wouldn't get it again. Um, there's a lot of pieces of fruit in here. >> I wasn't expecting that. >> It's okay. All right. >> So, I'm only going to have a little of the cream. The rest can all be yours. So maybe I'll go this way. >> You can take more of the >> toast. >> The toast. >> Let's see. It's hard to cut with the cinnamon toast. >> Yeah. >> One down. All right. >> Okay. We'll give it a try. cereal. >> Me, too. I used to just buy it and eat it as like a snack. >> Like a like a cookie. >> Yeah. Without cereal or without cereal? Without milk. I eat it without cereal. >> It was great. >> All right. Okay. >> The cream makes it. >> Okay. >> So, if you can't do the cream >> Uhhuh. >> maybe Did they have a >> It's still good. >> Or does it? >> Do you think it's real creamy? >> I cannot tell. >> I feel like they've been more careful these days about >> I know. >> Um it's even good without want to try a bike. It's good. >> It's not warm. >> Oh, you know what it is? It's that fan. >> Oh, >> it's that monster fan. I'm like, how is it this windy? >> Uhhuh. >> Right. >> How are you supposed to pick it up? >> That's good. >> I'm doing it. It's a little like >> I don't want to say burnt, but like caramelized. >> Yeah. >> And then the French burn toast. >> Oh, I would get this again. Mhm. I don't know. >> Hi, Heather. You're in a blizzard. Oh my goodness. That cream though. >> It reminds me a little of butter, but I think it's green. >> Mhm. Really good. So good. >> It does kind of need the green though. >> It does help. Feel bad. >> I know. >> But I still like it. >> Thank you for getting it. Thanks for picking up. >> Um, was the booth busy? >> So, there was a little line, but it was taking forever for them to make it. >> Oh, they get behind sometimes and then >> everybody was waiting on stuff. >> They were waiting on the shrimp. Um, >> okay. >> And so then it just backed up and then >> Yeah, >> it's a little hard to cut. >> I know. That's why I just picked it up. >> Yeah, cuz they caramelize the toast, >> whatever's on it. Yeah. I guess it's caramel too on top. >> Mhm. >> Yep. I would get this again. >> But yeah, the cream. >> Holy moly. Amazing. No, sorry. >> Oh, Mega Byron. I don't know what they were waiting on. They have pastries. It's not just bread, but they do. Oh, yes. At the cafe. They have so many good things at that at that cafe, though. >> Yeah. They have little Do they still have pizza? They have peas. pastries, >> ham and cheese, pecans. Those are >> We like to get just a plain biscet and butter. >> I always wanted to do that. >> It's so good. >> All right, we're going to have to do that sometime. >> And it's Mhm. >> Yeah. This is French stuff. >> I would get it again and I would share it. >> Mhm. I probably could have ate the whole thing, but it would have been wasted. >> Yeah, >> if we hadn't gotten so many other things already, I would have eaten the whole thing. But >> yeah, >> otherwise. >> Yeah, we're Cindy. It was a little messy to pick up, but no, it worked. It was a little messy to eat. >> No, the shake. >> I don't think I get it again. >> Cuz you know when you're like drinking a milkshake and then you have little pieces that you have to chew, it's weird. >> And I remember that's why it didn't look appealing to me because I noticed it seemed like it does. um thin pretty fast because the slushy sort of melted. >> It's soup. >> Yeah, >> it's like cereal milk basically. >> I should have got a spoon. >> Isn't that See, Prince, that's awesome. Or see our prince. That is impressive. We knew where we were. >> Good. Oh, honey. Oh, you're my dog. >> I figured, you know. >> Yep. >> Okay, good. >> I know. It was taking forever. I felt bad. I could have moved. All right. Take this before it flies away. >> Okay, thank you. First I have to >> I know. >> So yeah, again the shake I'll show you again. The shake is okay but not my favorite. what it looks like. >> It's okay. >> If you like Froot Loops, you'd like it. But to me, it tastes like milk with soggy cereal. But yeah, I probably won't even drink at all. I don't really like milk in my cereal. >> Oh, yeah. >> Yeah. Then you would not like it. Yeah. >> I was thinking it would be thicker. It also tricks your brain to make it think it's nice. >> Oh yeah. It looks like the puddles are shambr. >> Mhm. Which is tomorrow. >> That's right. I know. I've seen a lot of people in their gear already. Yeah. >> I thought about wearing that, but >> I mean, since you're doing like me, I >> Well, you have green on your shirt. >> Yeah. >> Mhm. >> I have green ears. >> And I have like little tiny >> like a nap. >> Mhm. This one is I think that's the frozen. >> Oh, the coffee cherry. >> I think I've seen this before. And then you can get candy on top of it. >> Talk about sweet over there. >> Yeah, >> I do love frozen coconut. >> I do too. I definitely would not want any candy on that. >> Especially on like a like a strawberry organ. So sweet. It's already flavored there. >> Yep. All right. Better take one of these. >> Yeah. >> Everything has been a hit so far that we've tried. >> It really has. I agree. Oh, you saw Hoppers. Oh, Manoa J liked it. >> Hoppers. >> Yeah. Wait, who liked it? Man. >> Oh, yeah. >> It looks so cute. >> Every person that has told me they've seen it has liked it. Like really liked it. >> So, we just need to go. >> Yeah, we do. >> Okay. We got to pick a day. >> That is one I would see a theater. >> Yeah. Like some I'm like I almost wanted to do Tokyo but I was like oh I'll wait Tokyo now >> is getting such good reviews that feel like it's maybe >> I agree it looks funny. >> Oh Montreal One more step. I feel bad not finishing it, though. It's not my favorite. All right. head back up to the middle at least and probably uh wrap it up. I know. >> 31:00. It went fast. >> Oh, there's trash. Now there's no line. >> Crazy. >> I know. >> Well, thanks for joining us today, guys. [music] It does go too quick. I agree. That's like Jesse Mouse and I were talking the other day and we were just like, you know how you just think all of a sudden it just like hits you and you're like, how did I get this old already? You know what I mean? Like it just >> I know how that feels. >> It like, how did this happen? I feel like yesterday I was in college. [laughter] >> Me, too. >> Mhm. >> How did it happen? >> I don't know. >> Time flies. >> All right. Well, >> make sure you check out all the sponsors. Um, let's also, where' I put my phone? Oh, there it is. Thought I left it. I do want to thank our awesome um platinum members of the channel. So, let me pull those up here. >> Let's see. So, sorry. We have >> Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Paulie, The Amazing Jaylen Moxley, Ski Under D, Rani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our awesome platinum members of the channel, all of our members of the channel, as well as Patreon members, hoppers, all of our hoppers, moppers, and boppers. Shoppers, of course. Thanks everybody for being here. Oo, my ears will fill up. Hi, here it comes. This is how you know storms are coming in. >> I hope everybody has a good rest of your day. I hope it doesn't continue to snow too much for whoever's getting the snow. And uh yeah, I'm pretty sure Josh will be live tomorrow and then I'll be live on Wednesday at some point. I do have a hair appointment, so I'm trying to figure out if I'm going to do early morning or later that night. So stay tuned. Um let's go over here by the pretty flowers. So yes, stay tuned for Wednesday. Tomorrow we're going to be trying to get run Disney. >> Yes. >> Run Disney in the morning. Pluto. >> It's going to be It's going to be >> It's going to be very stressful. >> Uh-huh. It's going to be a thing. >> That's funny. I know. Stressful. It is stressful. >> Yep. >> The queue. >> But I did hear they added more fives, so I'm hoping >> we'll be able to get it with no problem. But we'll see. >> But thanks again, everybody. Let's selfie it up. I hope I don't have Froot Loop pieces all around. Froot Loop teeth. All right, guys. Thanks again. Thanks to Sharon for hanging out. It was fun. Thanks to Spikes the Bee for hiding. It was fun doing the scavenger hunt. If you missed it, go back and check it out. And uh we also rode the land, so it was a fun day. >> Well, we'll see you guys on Wednesday. Josh will see you tomorrow. Go back and watch my Disney Springs vlog if you missed it and my cruise vlog over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. You too.
