---
video_id: a5itDDRLaWA
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Tranquil Tuesday - A Relaxing Evening on the Disney Skyliner - 4-7-26 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5itDDRLaWA
---
Uh-huh. if you're new and hit the notification bell. Turn it on to all notifications to get notified every time we go live or have a new video. Like right now >> it is a uh overcast kind of stormy windy day today. So we're hoping the Skylliner continues to operate. If not, there are always buses to get where we need to go. So as we found out last Saturday, sometimes flexibility is the name of the game. But let's go over here and get a good shot of Tower of Terror. So hi everybody. Welcome in. Welcome to Tuesday. I almost didn't make it on time, but then I did. Very proud of myself. >> Uh, El Camino. Yes, we do have a Patreon. It's just patreon.com/ resorttv1. Yeah, I love the scary clouds behind the uh Tower of Terror. That's kind of nice. Actually, I had a better shot from out in the parking lot, but I didn't want to stay there too long cuz, you know, cars. Uh, hold on. Get myself a little thumbnail there. There we go. Get us the >> There we go. >> Nice. That was a dark and stormy night. I know, right? >> Hey, Matt. Hey, everybody. Hey, if you can dream it. Welcome in. Welcome in. Welcome in. Hey, Linda. Hey, Neil. Jervis, Amy, Andrew. Welcome. Hey, Joseph. Hey, Robert. Four different Resort TV 1 streams going. Wow, that's impressive. That's called Resort TV1 expert mode. Love it. How's it going, Ken? Carter Box, Noel, Amy, Rita, Edwin, Michael, Bit Ritz. All right, let's get moving. Let's get on to Skyliner before they before before they change their minds. It's pretty windy. Look at the palm trees. Just proud of myself. I almost dropped my new phone, brand new phone that I just got. I was putting my gimbal and stuff together in the back of my car and uh I just it just slipped out of my hand and luckily it was in the gimbal and I was like, "No." Oh, I'm like I'm like seeing it fall and then I'm like clumsily just trying to catch it against my body and finally was able to catch it right when it hit the ground. So tiny tiny little scratch on the edge, but I'm like, "Okay, no, that that's fine." Big movie fan, $10. Thanks for the peaceful break from the outside world. You are very welcome. Uh thank you for watching. Thanks for the super chat. We hope it keeps operating. We'll see. I almost changed my plan for today, but thought that show must go on. I was almost late today. Um, so normally Steph and I meet at this place for Liam has karate on Tuesdays, but she wasn't feeling great because of some of the stuff she's dealing with with with her uh with her health. And so she asked me to bring him home, so I did, but he was working on he was working on stuff for a recorder at school and uh he was getting frustrated and I I stayed to help him and it was amazing. I never get to help my own son with uh with um music stuff. So, that was cool. I loved it. I loved every minute of it. And uh it was awesome. So, >> it would have been worth being late if I was, but I wasn't. I want to get this. >> All right, off we go. You can still play three blind mice on recorder. I love that. Oh, you can play hot cross buns and uh merrily we roll along and uh was sleep my child and then we worked on uh it's raining it's pouring the old man is snoring. So he got that one right right at the end of the night. So good good for him right at the end of the practice session. But you know I was like he you know he hasn't really done a lot with music and I was like he's going to he wants to work on some music. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it with him. So, I'm excited. All right. I'm going to be quiet on the Skyliner. Enjoy. I'll talk to you right after we land. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard the Disney Skyliner at Disney's Hollywood Studios. We are on our way to Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort with connecting flights to Epcot International Gateway, Disney's Pop Century Resort, and Disney's Art of Animation Resort. We hope you enjoyed your visit to Hollywood today. Now, wave goodbye to your adoring fans below. Bye. Heat. Heat. In just a few moments, we will be traveling over the headarters of the Everglades. The water that flows from the protected wetlands around Walt Disney World Resort travels all the way to the Everglades, the Atlantic Ocean, and the Gulf of Mexico. Did you know that the entire Walt Disney World Resort is over 40 square miles? That's about the same size as the city of San Francisco and double the island of Manhattan. >> Oh man. Okay, that's a little scary. Oh goodness. I'm sorry. Oh, okay. Cool. We will be arriving at Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort shortly. All passengers must disembark and transfer at this station. Thank you, and we hope you enjoyed the most magical flight on Earth. >> We still have to land, lady. Please remain seated until the doors automatically open. When exiting the cabin, please supervise children, collect your belongings, and watch your step. Thank you for flying with us. forc. Okay, that's a Oh gosh, that's intense. El Camino just joined our Patreon. $5. Thanks for what you do. I appreciate being able to watch your streams. I can't be at the parks. Thank you. El Camino. Hey Josh fam. Yoza left rudder slipping to the wind. I know, right? Carboard box was asking if if it doesn't loops. You saw this. You guys see the swing? It's crazy. Hey Mara. Yeah. Thank you. You too. Yeah. A little swinging. Hey, Age of Retro. I got your email. I have not had a chance to catch up on my emails yet fully. I've been a little little crazy biz busy busy busy, but um like always. Yeah, that was like intense. I don't usually like worry about it, but I'm was a little worried about it that time. That was just a lot of lot of rocking and rolling. Well, no rolling, just rocking. Let's keep it that way. Have you thought about doing your live streams now but at Universal? Yeah, we have. We have. I dropped my Universal pass just because I don't go enough and it was just something we needed to save money on. Uh we dropped all of our passes except Disney. Um and so uh Jenna does some at Universal, but a lot of people don't watch them. It's they get about they get about half the viewership as our normal streams. So that's why we don't do them as much. Uh Maria, congrats on one month of Aubber Bronze. Been watching for one year and really enjoy the streams. Thanks, Maria's adventures. Teresa, hello. As I said, the rea magic moments. I was trying to figure I was like, how did I mess up her name? I I know I did mess up her name, but how how did I do that? Should we take a slightly different route tonight? Should we not just do the same route we always do? Let's do that. Although we might not get to I will I will say we might not get to ride the Skyliner much more if we uh if we wait. But uh tell you what, let's just because just because it's still open, let's take a loop to Art and Pop. We won't stay very long cuz I want to I want to spend more time at the other ones tonight. Um but let's take a loop to Art and Pop cuz if we don't go now, we may not get there. Tim says, "I think that's okay tonight." Let's just take a loop real quick. You want to do a You guys want to do a different route? Let's do it. You guys are right. Let's do it. Let's do a different route. We always do it this way. Let's do a different route. >> Here we go. >> Yeah. I didn't bring an umbrella. It's in my car. So, that wasn't very smart. I was more concerned with getting started on time. Oh, well, maybe we'll have another rainy video. Let's do it. Do you think viewership for Universal would increase if they allow people to record the rides? I think so, for sure. But that's unfortunately not our decision as you as you know. Yeah. No. I mean, if it was up to up to us, we'd totally record them. You know, I'd get my GoPro on for the coasters, too. I'd be happy to do that cuz their coasters are suit like you never want to hold a gimbal on their coasters. So, a GoPro will be the way to do it. I hope you had some time to de-stress from the last stream. I felt so bad for you. Things just don't weren't going your way the other night. Thanks for being such a trooper. A thank you. I appreciate that, Mike. I appreciate that. Just, you know, sometimes it happens. I was like frustrated, but I was also like, you know, at some point you just kind of like have to just go with the flow and that's the only choice that you have because getting angry about it and trying to go against the grain just doesn't really work. So even though sometimes we all do that, including me, but I was like I could feel it. I was like, I can either just be really frustrated all night or I can I can go with the flow. And I chose go with the flow for the most part. So thank you. I appreciate that. You think your universal streams will get more? Yeah. Okay. Sorry, I was a little behind. >> Hey, Pickles. Hey, Amy. Counting down the days to move daughter into Flamingo for her DCP. Nice. Awesome. Awesome. Amira, hello. And Becky says she joins the stream and wants a cookie. Hey, Elizabeth. Hey. Amar's here. All of our moppers. We appreciate you guys. No. So, um, again, sorry if I don't see your comments. Sometimes I I only see about four at a time. No, no, uh, Carbo Box, that's, uh, that's going to take a while. Uh, Ken's been really busy, so I had a new version. I tested out with him the other day, but it didn't quite work, so he had to go back to the drawing board on it, which is fine. That's part of app development, but he's just been really busy. He's um, he's living here in Florida and got a new job and and uh, he's been doing that, which that's should be his main focus. But when he's ready, we'll work on it. for now. This works fine. No, Universal is very, very strict. So, that's not at all a knock against Ken at all. Like I said, his focus is on his new job, which is what it should be. But, just, you know, we just haven't had time to get it fixed. It's something he and I are going to have to work out. One of the things um Mr. Master had on his was a was a font size adjustment, dynamic font adjustment. So, it might be something we just need to figure out the script for how the chat runs to resize it dynamically. And then if you're like feeling like you want more chat on the screen, you can do that. Or if you're feeling like you want less, you can do that. Right now, there's just a lot of empty space in the chat window. We are at 1440p tonight. It's not raining right now, so that's a little nicer walk than we had the last time we were here. Well, that wasn't the last time. Wait, no, it wasn't. I was going to say no. It's been a while ago that we did the Skyliner stream that we had the uh rainstorm on. Hey Jeff James, hello from Cincinnati. Hey Disney fanatic. Sorry if you hear the wind a little bit. It is very windy right now. Uh and uh we're going to uh but I've got the windscreens on so it's everything I can do. We were just at CBR a month ago missing it. A sorry to hear that. I think the reason we always do the other route is because it's easier. It makes more sense. But I think this is fun, too. Seeing this during the day. Oh, yeah. Yeah. As far as the video, yeah, I looped it multiple times. It was only about 10 minutes worth of actual video cuz, you know, that's all I could really do before the rain actually stopped. So, the rain got less rainy. It stopped and then we couldn't we couldn't do it anymore. Oh my gosh. So blustery. Oh, we've had a little bit of rain on and off while I was at school, but I didn't really notice a lot of it. I do have windows in my classrooms, but it's kind of hard to tell unless it says pouring. So, I think we just had light rain most of the day. Wasn't anything like major where we all looked outside and went, "Oh my gosh, it's pouring." There was never a moment like that. It does look like it could do that at any moment, though. It's also kind of chilly. Uh it's uh in my car it was 68. It says 70 on my watch, but my car said 68 and the wind Gosh. But yeah, we were over in this area somewhere. Well, it was probably more down the way a little bit. We were down the way a little bit in one of those buildings and I just decided to camp out and watch the watch the uh the rain for a few minutes. It was nice. I loved it. 67 now. Feels like 61. Wind advisory. Yeah. >> 20 to 30 mph wind gust. Always amazed by people who jog at Disney. Yeah, you know, I I need to be jogging some to train for my to train for my 10K, but I last I need to wear an ankle brace cuz last time I jogged, I'm so out of shape. I I messed up my ankle a little bit. It's feeling better now, but I still don't think I'm ready to go full out yet again. So maybe I can run a little bit tomorrow after doing some walking today. I feel good though. I feel good when I run. I need to do it more. Like my I feel like I get I've even just over the, you know, five four or five times I've done it, it I feel stronger just from a few times of doing it. Hey, Pearhead Michelle. Hello. >> All right. You love the live stream you did at Epcot. Uh, love the live stream we did at Epcot. Showing Chubby Checker. Yeah, that was cool to see him. He was awesome. You can rock and roll like that at 84. You're doing quite well, sir. Respect. That was pretty remarkable. Oh, thanks, Josa family. Enjoyed it. What's my 5K time? You know, I don't know. Uh, let's see. How many how many miles is this 5K? Is it like 3 something? I think. Let me look it up. So, I can deduce that out for what I got the other day. I wasn't going that hard, but let's see. How many miles is a 5K? 3.1. Okay. So, I was very close to that. I ended up running run walking 2. 2.5 the other day in about 28 minutes. So, I'd say I could 5K in about I could 5K in about 35 probably. And that's not pushing it that hard. And that's only that's only running a few times. I'm not in shape for sure. Not trying to break any records. I'm trying to finish. Yeah. So, I I did I did 2.5 miles in and uh >> like I said, in about 28 minutes. So, that's not too bad. So, I could have done You know what? Maybe I should plan that next time. Next time I run, I'm going to do 3.1. So, that'll be a 5K. That'll be half the race. Like the 5K, I don't think I'd even have to train for. And I think you have about 2 and 1/2 hours to do the 10K. So, I don't think there'll be any issue. 1K equals 1 hour. Hey, you know what? As long as you as long as you're getting some movement and exercise, it doesn't matter. Get movement and exercise, that's all that matters. Passport Pixie. I never run in my life and I just registered for the Run Disney virtual extremely goofy challenge. Nice. Very cool. I'm not a runner. Like I'm not flat out not. I just want to get in better shape. He says as he considers a cookie. Do they balloon people in these races? Yeah. So they only balloon people in the 10k and up. 5k there's no balloon because pretty much everybody can finish a 5K. If you're, you know, if you're in, if you're in decent enough shape that you signed up for a race, pretty much everybody can do the 5K. I roll 10 ft and I'm out of breath. No, seriously. Like, that's how I was the first time I started running. I was like, "Oh, I'm in trouble." But I actually pulled the cobos out pretty fast. Thanks for the walks in Epcot. My fave for sure. Josh does the Josh Hustle. Yeah. I don't know. Oh, that's cool. They have these little uh it's like almost is that for the ducks to get in and out of the water? It's fun. Go to Castaway K and do a 5K trial. I've heard about that. I think if I was Castaway, I don't think I'd be wanting to do that. I love the bike ride at Castaway. That's one of the best things I've done. Like one of the most amazing things I've done. Just such a happy time. I did that bike ride and I just felt free as a bird. Then I dropped my phone, but I still felt pretty free. Get this and Riviera mixed up. Yeah, Riviera is over here. It's the big French looking building over there. You love this hotel is on your list. Yeah, it's a great one. It is a great one. So, you can Here's here's a nice thing. We can go out here >> during the day and then at sunset you have to they close this off. You definitely get a lot of steps in as we sit here watching. Yeah, it's not bad. Have never run and just signed up for 10k marathon weekend. I'm already training though. I'm a longdistance swimmer. Well, you'll be fine. You'll be totally fine. I love the cannons here. Fire. What are you shooting at? Skylliner or the Riviera or the approaching ships? Disney lost lots of fauna in the frost. They did, but actually uh flora, I think is the the word, right? Fawn as the animals lost lots of flora, I think. Is that right? Either way, um they um Yes. But they've been clearing it out so that it can grow back and it's been working. >> You say you aren't safe with all the Disney walking. You do you have an advantage? Yes, that is true. That is true. How many steps do you have to do a live stream? I have no idea. Hey, Greg. Because it doesn't really register because I don't swing my arms like you do when you're walking. So, my watch doesn't really register. Like, right now for today, I have according to my watch I have Can you just It takes so long to flip it. I have 4,666 and I just started. But I mean, I walked around school today, too. I don't like these resorts because of how far the bus platforms are. Yeah. The nice thing about the bus platform, I mean, when you're at all stuff, you've all you everybody has to go to one. So, if you're really far away, you might be going really far. So, here technically, they should be closer. Um, >> I mean, honestly, that's one of the big benefits of the deluxe resorts is that they're more they're generally more compact. Um, and so you don't have to walk as far at a deluxe resort usually. But yeah, I I thought I could put my watch on my ankle. That's not a bad idea. Maybe I'll do that one stream. I thought some seeds blowing in my face. Um, not a bad idea cuz it would that would be more accurate cuz my legs have to move no matter what. My Galaxy count steps. probably doesn't right now because it's sitting on a gimbal very smoothly. The iPhone should count steps, but it doesn't really on its own. I don't think >> unless it I don't know how the iPhone health app works unless it unless it uses data from both people are swimming. Interesting. >> Okay, cool. I don't know that I would do that today, but hey, that's fine. Hey, Dapper Kuck. Yeah, if you're close enough to Absolutely. You could walk to Riviera for buses if you're close enough. They wheel you to the buses and luxury resorts. I know. Wouldn't that be nice, Christopher? This bar is so cool. Look at this steel drum light fixture there. >> I bet those still work. The Apple Watch kind of steps through the iPhone. That's what I thought. So, my phone's in my pocket. It gets It probably feels all the steps. My iPhone is. If you don't have to chip ice, it's warm enough to swim. E spoken like a true Canadian. Pool's heated. Anyway, speaking of Canadians, we've got the cool uh Artemis mission going on with both Canadian and American astronauts, which is super cool to see. And they got this picture that I'm just absolutely in love with. Have you guys seen this picture? Earthrise. It's the newest one. Let me get over here. There we go. >> I would say that fun. >> It's just such an incredible picture. Like, it made me emotional to see it. I was just like, "Oh my gosh, that's so cool. Like that's insane. >> Hey, take your tail, John. And then there's pictures of the moon, the that when they were doing the the eclipse behind the moon. That was pretty cool as well. All right. Hey, Live Place. So many new awesome pictures. I thought of you when I saw that. Yeah, that's my favorite one. We watched the live stream. Liam and I watched the live stream all night last night. They're not doing as much today. They're kind of resting. They worked really hard yesterday observing all that stuff. And when I saw how much they trained for it, like they trained a lot just to make sure they could identify features cuz you know, all the scientists that really know the features of the moon, like they weren't going to be there. And some of the astronauts were, you know, kind of experts too, but like they they trained to make sure they could get the best pictures. There were only four humans not in that picture. I know, Amara. Isn't that super cool? just I don't know it's such there was a lot of historic things and I think it's cool with everything going on right now that's maybe not as good. I think it's cool that something like that can lift us up and give us inspiration that humans are still capable of some pretty cool stuff when we work together. That's what I think. Humans are still capable of pretty cool stuff if we work together. And the fact that like it was the US and Canada doing it together, I think that makes it even better than if it was just us by ourselves. It's showing like hey if countries work together we can do cool stuff. We don't have to take all the credit for one country. We can like just do cool stuff because we're all humans. So, that's my speech. All right, let me put on the Wi-Fi real quick so I can walk through the store. Hold on. I'll put on the uh I got to put on the BRB. Broadcast the Earth while they're going around having me cheer up. Wasn't that cool? I get to thinking actually with their new their new uh satellite and laser technology they can use, I think they're when they land, I think they're going to be able to show really really really great images. Obviously, when they landed the first time, they could only show when they walked off the the the ship. They weren't able to show anything else. Edward. >> All right, let me put on BRB for just a minute. I'll be right back. That did not work out for well for Major Tom. Uh to be clear, I think that was his choice. That's a good song. All right, I'll be right back. All right, let's go. You're still waiting for ET to wave hi to the rocket. I know. I was waiting for all the Transformers on the moon to wave at us, but you know, they didn't get close enough to see them, so it's fine. Obviously, I'm joking. Or am I? Music's fun. It's a whole Stitch collection here. How fun. Your streams have always been cool, but watching someone stream from the moon is kind of wild. I know. I don't think I'll ever get to do that. I don't know that I want to. I think it'd be kind of terrifying. Those astronauts are very, very brave. That's fun. It's a good shirt. Hey, David. Banana. Cabana. These are cool. >> Hey, Benjamin. >> Aoy from the Caribbean. And Mar's got Jenna's David greeting down. They're really, really doing great with the shirts. That's fun. It just says Florida. Like I'm glad they got a new merch design team. You would think a multi-billion dollar company could do that. I have this shirt on now, I believe, or something similar. >> Yeah, that's the one I have. >> I'm just wearing a sweatshirt over it cuz it's a little bit cool. This is fun. Kids shirt. I'm sure that one's not here. Oh, no, it is. It is. It's right here. Nice. A lot of pe people buy the cool shirts. Uh, I want to let people know about a concerning scam. Apparently, there's people impersonating census people showing up at people's homes. Oh, okay. Thanks, David. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, there's no census going on right now. So, um, if somebody shows up to your house saying they're a census person, do not let them in. That is a great, great, great, that's a great point. A census person would have real ID. Plus, it would be like during a census period. So, yeah. Yep. Just tell them no thanks. And if they won't leave, call the police. >> That's the way to do it. >> Oh, what happened to you, David? Oh, wow. for us for like >> I'm glad you're okay. Did they just leave when you told them to leave or did you Hopefully you didn't let them in. >> This music's so festive. Super cool. Funky, fresh, festive. >> A wine is fun. >> Is a senseless sensus. Love it. Just don't answer my door if I'm not expecting someone. Yeah, apparently they're doing a census test in advance of 2030. So, there is some legit actors, but according to census website, they're supposed to be in the field from June on. Oh, okay. So, somebody got to jump on it. Well, I mean, it's your it's your, you know, it's your house. You don't never have to let somebody in unless it's law enforcement. So, I love cookies. >> I'm actually not hungry, but I should probably get one anyway. I'll come back. Wait, she wants a red, white, and blue shirt in extra small. Really? Let me ask her. Guess I can always get it for. >> Are you looking for the red, white, and blue Walt Disney World shirt? In a smaller size. Someone in the chat said you were looking for it, and I found it in a small size. This one. David didn't answer the door. Good job. >> I'm not actually hungry, so I guess I'll just abstain for now. >> Guess I could get it for later. Yep. We don't answer the door unless somebody's coming over. Exactly. >> All right. She got it. She's good. She got the shirt already. But thank you. She appreciates it. Okay. >> The Mickey bars. Got pepperoni pizza. Oo, mango slices. How fun. I don't know what >> Oh, that's funny, David. That is super funny. All right, see if I can Fine. Actually, didn't have dinner here. I ate dinner at home cuz I was running so late. So, Steph had just finished making some food, some pizza for Liam, and she asked me if I wanted some. So, we all just ate together, which was nice. The government officials will let you know ahead of time. It's not just random. That's a good point. >> How you doing? Good. How are you? >> Good. Chocolate chip cookie and that's it. See if my new card works. >> Yeah, there we go. >> Would you take a bag of receipt? >> Uh, yes. Just a receipt. >> Well, actually, a bag would be good, too. I might save it for later. Oh, not the Okay, never mind. Is that the bag? No, I'll just carry it like that. All good. >> Yeah, this is kind of big for just >> Yeah, >> I got to ask. >> You're good. I thought if you had like a little envelope sized limit. No, you're all good. All good. >> Thank you. >> You, too. All right. There's the little food court. It's a really nice place. I like it. No, I'm good without the Coke for right now. Those bottles. I got to cut down on the bottles. I have one for dinner. That's enough. So, I got to I got to cut down on the extra ones. I realize the cookie is enough on its own, but those bottles are like 240 calories. That's a lot. Sorry, David. I like it a lot. Let's go out this way. So, anyway, Caribbean Beach, everybody. It's a fun resort. Okay. Tel John says a little bit of knowledge of French. French would make a big would make a would make a uh something. What do you say? Make a big difference in France. Yeah, I would think so. I was testing my uh my new graphics card I got and I I did some really cool renders of uh Mickey and Minnie in front of the castle waving at everybody. It was just some steel pictures they took for the 50th that I had. I was like, "Let's see if it'll make them wave and beckon everybody into the park." And it sure did. It looks amazing. I'm like, "Wow, that's fun." Do you think you can force yourself to get used to Diet Coke or Coke Zero? No, I tried. I'd almost rather I' I'd rather at that point I think I'd rather just drink water because it's so unfulfilling after having regular Coke my whole life. So it's probably it's better for you to just it's better for you to just drink water anyway obviously you know. So yeah. So that's where I'm just like cuz I'm I'm going to be bad. I'll be bad. And if I'm going to be good I'll be good. Listen I I no judgment against anybody that drinks the Diet Coke and Coke Zero. They're they're great options for people, but I can't. I just can't. I'm kind of a Coke snob. I'm like, that's not what it's supposed to taste like. I did. I used to try it, but also I don't think that sweetener is very good for you. I think like the like the actual um sweetener, the real like even corn syrup I think is better for you than the artificial stuff maybe. I don't know. Drink salt water. I I have drank some of those like flavored water drinks even too. Water. It's the real thing. Yeah, I'm not a fan of the chemical sweeteners either. I actually like Mexican Coke the best. I think I've said this before with the real cane sugar. It just has a very nice sweet taste. What movie based on Oh, the recent release of Super Mario Galaxy movie reminds me what movies based on Nintendo games would be like Zelda. 100% Zelda. Like there was so many There was the Zelda cartoon that was not great where the Link was kind of a jerk. Like, well, excuse me, princess. Like that wasn't link, right? They need to I don't know. They got to figure out a better link. I have son and Josh doesn't. I know, right? Yep. We got some kind of a front coming through. Mexican Coke is the finest. Yes. And then it also comes in a glass bottle, which just makes it even better because glass, as you know, is the best, you know, even though it's not the best for the environment. you have to you need to recycle it. But it's um like cuz it doesn't really degrade. But um nor does plastic actually, but the um but the the big thing is um with the glass that it doesn't it doesn't add any residue to the actual beverage. So like with you microplastics, all that stuff. Anyway, like the point is yeah, glass is the best way to have it. Celsius. I've heard about that. I'm all in on seltzer. No soda in years. That's great. I'm not a fan of seltzer water necessarily. It's okay. And what I'm trying to do with the soda, the Coke is just like smaller portions. Like instead of getting the 20 20 oz bottles, I'm getting the 12 oz bottles, you know, and just trying to cut down that way. Oh, glass is just melted sand. Yeah. Donkey Kong. That'd be fun. They're making a live action Zelda. Really interesting. The point is it tastes better from the glass bottle. Always. Yeah, for sure. Cuz the glass doesn't affect the taste at all. That's what Thank you, Streamfinder. That was I was That's what I was attempting to say very poorly. You still something still. I prefer still over sparkling. Yes. Coke directly off the production line. It's the best contrived world of Coke. I need to do that. I know that that would be super cool. I still think it's pretty awesome for Coke. And I know it's a mystique thing because nobody talks about the Pepsi formula, right? But I still think it's cool that the Coke formula is still secret. Like somebody's made a YouTube video where they basically replicated it to the best of their ability, but it's probably not quite. Thanks, Ryan. I appreciate that advice. Zelda is currently filming in New Zealand. Oh, wow. That works perfect. Yeah. Yeah. Use just use the Lord of the Rings filming locations and you're good to go. Long as they do the music. It's too bad John Williams couldn't do the music. I mean, obviously, you'd have to use the Zelda theme. No, Coji Condo should just do it. He's the one who did this Zelda theme anyway. By the way, if you guys played the original Zelda on N on NES, there was something I learned about on a documentary I watched on it. Apparently, the original title screen music where it goes, that wasn't there originally. I think uh Kojicond wrote it in one or two nights cuz they realized that whatever whatever music they had on the title screen was was uh they thought it was public domain, but I guess it wasn't. It was some classical piece that was still copyrighted and so they had to change it because obviously they Nintendo didn't want to pay the royalties on it. especially they're like, "Well, we hired a composer. Why are we, you know, we should write our own music?" So, anyway, that's a little that's a little fun thing. I have the N64 Zelda. Cool. I have that one and the original. Hey, Bryce. Maybe it won't rain because I bought my Vessie shoes. >> I see a bottle of Coke with the yellow top on. has cane sugar. Okay. Fox Mloud in the Super Mario Galaxy movie makes me want them to do Star Fox movie. That would be awesome. That Fox Mloud thing in there was so cool. I mean, sorry for spoilers, but he already said it, so that Fox Mloud thing was so cool. Any music on the NES? Oh, yeah. The NES in general is just super impressive. But it was all it was all programmed in assembly language which if you don't know that's basically like I don't know programming that well but I basically assembly is as close as you can get to ones and zeros like everybody knows computers run on ones and zeros right so assembly is actually as close as you can get to ones and zeros without actually being just ones and zeros so that means that the uh processor doesn't spend any time translating anything it just works modern processors are super powerful so when you're coding in you know Java or C++ or Py Python or whatever. Those are layers, a couple layers on top of the the processor, but um back in the day, they didn't have enough power to do that. Today, they do. Anyway, sorry to bore everybody, but that was the NES is cool. Yeah, that's my point. I'll stop. I did film the upgrade to my computer for RetroTV1 Tech. I just didn't get it done today. I need to film the ending part of it where I do the test results and stuff can be more efficient, especially when it comes to me min memory management. The reason they don't still do it as much is because it's too it's just complex and it takes a lot more there's no shortcuts. I guess >> David, sometimes it's helpful to wear sneakers with holes in them so they drain. Yeah. Um, I've got my vesties on, so if it rains, I'm good. Except for the umbrella. Yes, I was talking about that 06 eagle. The um the old Zelda cartoon was so funny. Excuse me, princess. >> All right, let's go find a place to eat this cookie. I'm just like carrying it around. It's like carrying a cookie cuz I I I thought there would be a little bag, but the one that he had, I didn't want to I felt bad. It's such a huge bag. bag. I didn't want to waste it. Not his fault. This they just didn't have a smaller bag, so I'm just carrying it. >> Oh, that's cool. Silent Dan. I didn't even know who the the voice actor was. I've actually been learning Assembly for 6502. Yeah. Yeah. 6502 is the processor that was on all the original systems even like there was a version there was a variation of it on the NES, right? I mean, it's basically the same. It's not called that, but it's basically the same thing. It's a chocolate chip, Ryan. >> It's a chocolate chip. >> Oh, this is the community center over here. How fun. 56 56 78. Are we doing a routine? I guess we are. Okay, I got to figure out how to open this. There we go. And not drop stuff. >> Smells so good in here. Rose, a rosy flowery filming in New Zealand. The old man shed hand link sting to connect the two films. Okay, >> David, I have the waterproof back. I know. I tried to lose that thing so many times. I'm so bad about that. Losing stuff. >> It's not bad inside. It's blustery. >> All right. I just worked off my cookie right there with that stairs. That's how we do it. Okay, >> this they have a little bakery here too. >> Lipit Cafe. >> Alexa says with this stream or the world the way it is, the stream is always a happy place. Good. That's what we like to hear. That's cool. Silent Dan. Yeah, I didn't even think about it. Do they serve conk fritters at the Caribbean Beach or jerks chicken? I maybe no idea. Silent Dan, if you was talking about the voice of Fox Mloud on um Mario Galaxy Collins family lights, congrats on 21 months opera silver. Love the relaxing walks through the parks and the skyliner hopping. Thank you. Uh the ones in the resorts the same as at Starbucks basically. Yes. It's the old school like the Disney bakery cookie that Starbucks has a version of it in their regular stores, but at the Disney stores, they have their own cookie. So, it's quite nice. It's quite nice indeed. That's right. It's not a stream. It's not just a stream. It's an adventure 100%. There's some other desserts here. Very pretty. Jeez, I has Friday off. Wonder how many miles a reward ticket would be. Yeah, I don't know. I love that you guys are coming down more. Good for you. There's Walt about to get on a plane back in the days when you had to go up a ladder to get on a plane. That's what show. >> Okay, you got to remind me of this, guys. Both of both of Walt's daughters passed, right? And I think Lillian was alive for the opening of Disney World, I believe. >> So, this was his first trip to the Riviera when he had his little breakdown and he had to had to leave for a minute as he's younger. And then these are older pictures, of course, when he's got the girls. Let's play the boarding time. I know, right? >> The jet bridge. >> That's such a cool picture. There is an interview with Lily and Disney when Epcot opened. It's quite interesting as she said she didn't expect it to grow any more than that. Oh wow. Interesting. >> Car Walker was a giant. Yeah, he was. He was a very tall man. Very tall. This is such a cool watercolor. Diane passed in 2013 and Sharon in 1993. >> Yeah, that's right. Oh, Sharon. Sharon passed much earlier. >> 2013. >> Wow. >> Now, Diane, it was her name was Diane Disney Miller, right? Cuz she was married to Ron Miller. Is that Is that the right Diane? because Ron was CEO for a little while during all the crazy the crazy period of of uh before Eisner and all that. We go back to dressing like that for a whole year just to bring back the old fashions. I know everybody used to get so dressed up. I know Tampa airport had a thing about that. So anyway, I'm trying to find a place to eat but there really aren't any. I'll go back outside. This place is Well, here. Let me do a little tour through the store first. >> Oh. Tampa airport did a did a uh social media post about everybody should dress up more to get on the plane. >> Disney Wars is an interesting book. Yeah, it was really crazy what happened through all that, but I guess it ended up okay. >> All right, see you bit Ritz. >> Remember having to wear a tie on an airplane mostly cuz we were flying as a family member. Yeah. So this is the Riviera. >> Somebody's asking where we are. really have good merch here. >> They really have good merch. Sorry, I want to make that clear. >> W commits Ron to work for Disney after playing professional football. Oh, interesting. >> I didn't know Ron was a professional footballer. That's cool. It's a fun Star Tour shirt. >> Roosevelt. They got all the polos and zip-ups here. I'm >> sure these are expensive. I I don't have an extra hand to check the pricing, but they're I have every confidence that these are. >> Yeah, >> they want to buy a watch. >> Okay. Hello, Dave. >> Yeah, Amy, Star Wars is the best. We love it. Like the letters like a character >> e. Yeah, I know. Jay, you saw that price, right? The price is wrong. Remember that one? Bob Barker, Adam Sandler. The price is wrong, Bob. Here. I'm going to stop right here and eat and get my get my uh tripod out. So after this, we could take the Skyliner back to Caribbean Beach and then we could head over to um then we could head over to um Epcot Resorts from there or no, sorry, we have to do the Art of Animation and then head over to the Epcot Resorts from there. So whatever works. got. >> Oh, this is the circle session players. I have the CD or album or something. >> Hey, Heather. It's a really great resort. It's very classy. Autumn leaves. Oh, Anthony. I don't know what would be involved with changing those. I bet they're LED strips, actually. So, it might not be too bad. Just a ladder. Got to point you this way for so we're not staring at the same people. >> Do I have a favorite saxophone play of all time? You trying? >> Oh, I don't know. really like David Samborn. Chris Potter. I met Chris Potter. I played with Chris Potter. He may you may not know him as well, but he he came to our school and he was incredible. I don't think he has as big a name as like David Sambore or you know any of those guys. Obviously John Cold Train. Cold Train's music takes a little getting used to though. His good stuff is very high level. Oh, did you did you find yourself? >> I did. Sorry. >> No, no, you're fine. I was trying not to just have it staring at you. You're >> good, man. I'm going to subscribe to your channel. >> Oh, thank you. Appreciate that. Where you all from? >> New Jersey. >> Okay. >> Yeah. Like so many people here. I'm sure you've seen in the last few days. >> Yeah. It's not, you know, it's busy, but like I think the Easter rush is over, so that's good. >> Yeah. For sure. >> But, uh, we got the blustery days for the next few days. So, hopefully it >> Well, tomorrow it's supposed to rain a little bit and then be okay. >> Okay. >> And then the next couple of days supposed to be nice. So, >> Okay. Good. Well, fingers crossed. So, I know you guys came to escape the the cold, blustery New Jersey. We got a lot of New Jersey people in the chat, too. >> Happy to be here. >> Hey, well, good. Have fun, guys. >> Thanks, man. All right. See you. >> All right. See you. Charlie Parker. Yep. Another great one. Bird as they called him. Even a whole song about it by Weather Report. Bird my hand about Charlie Parker and where he used to play. He only lived to be mid30s or something. Crazy. Now that I'm 46, I've outlived a lot of these guys. I outlived Mozart. I outlived Mozart like 11 years ago. He was only 35. >> Amazing what these people accomplished in such a short life. But you know what? We all we all accomplish and do the things that are set up for us. Everybody's different. You don't have to You don't have to change the world only you change your world. Almost done. forgot about Weather Report. There you go, Dave. Glad to help. Mayor Ferguson, not a sax player, but trumpet player. Great band. Mayor Ferguson's version of um MacArthur Park is one of my favorite songs. One of my favorite jazz tunes. Just such a great song. I'm in Michigan. I can't decide whether it wants to be spring or summer. I know, right? Yeah, I think this is more Aspire to inspire before we expire. That's a great great quote. Gets cut to Orlando will be at Hollywood Studios tomorrow, Epcot Thursday and Magic Kingdom Friday. Nice. Have fun. There we go. Got my gimbal reorientated. Yes, I do think the after hours events are worth it. >> They're expensive, but if you plan it out right, you can really get your money's worth. What I don't get is when people pay for after hours events and then leave early. You will not get your money's worth if you leave early. Now, >> just leaves more more rides and availability for everybody else. >> Closer. But >> get a hoodie and try and smash it. >> Charlie Park was absolutely amazing and died way too young. Yeah, he did. >> Hey, Big Mom. >> Favorite snack? Cold beer. >> Is beer Is beer one of your food groups? Yeah, the after hours stuff is worth it once, you know. I I don't know. I think it it depends on what you make of it. The Magic Kingdom one with enchantment is amazing. >> I know. >> And you get extra fireworks. You could theoretically get, you know, even if you just buy that ticket, you could go, you could sleep in that day, go to Disney Springs, do some resorts hopping, get there at the park whenever they let you in, what is it, 7:00 or something, and go watch Happily Ever After Enchantment, and ride a ton of rides, and you've really gotten your money's worth. Again, if you get it and you have young kids and you need to leave early cuz like don't buy it if you've got kids that can't make it through the night because it it ends up being a colossal waste of money at that point. Josh is my favorite genre of music. Yeah, it's such a great one. It's the It's the genre that makes me the happiest for sure. I think I'm going to take the Skyliner to Epcot from here. And instead of ending at Epcot, we'll end over here. That way, maybe I can get home in a decent time, too. And let's just do this whole thing in a different order. Different is good. I don't want to get stuck all the time. Brad has this common sense. Wait, there's not much of that anymore. Yeah, I've heard people say, "Oh, I don't want to feel trapped." And I'm like, well, nobody forced you to buy the ticket, but like you got to think ahead about it, right? It's different if somebody gets sick. Like somebody gets sick, that's obviously out of your control. Oh, holy cow. The gimbal did not like that. Oh, Spike Jones. Yeah, I know some of his stuff. Can't think of any songs off the top of my head, but yeah. So, anyway. Yeah. So, somebody gets sick, obviously leaving early. Sometimes you like you have to do that no matter what. But if it's just like people are tired, like you got to be ready for it. Sleep in that morning. Like if you're going to be out till 1 or 2 a.m. that morning, then you sleep in before that. >> You You sleep in that or you know you sleep in the the morning before. Take it slow, take it easy, and then you're ready to go hard all night. Take a nap in the afternoon even. Like you can get ready for sure. And then you can cram like David um we did the Hollywood Studios one with his family and he was saying the same thing like we could cram almost all the rides in. I think we pretty much did. You could cram all the rides in um in just that after hours time and then what's the point after Oh, Epcot. We're going to Epcot. Then after that, you know, it's all good. Yeah. Take a nap midday. Exactly. Aunt Becky, you read my mind. Great minds think alike. So, that is my soap box about the uh after hours. I think people tend to not leave the after hours. They'll leave the parties. People will buy a Halloween party ticket just to see the parade. It seems like sometimes >> either way, it's all good. So, I'm going to take the Skyliner to Epcot Resorts, walk around there a little bit, and then head back over and probably finish up at Pop and Art so we can just, like I said, mix it up. Afternoon naps are a way of life. Yeah, you know what? I I am so bad anymore. As I get older, I I desperately need a nap in the afternoon, but I I'll find myself I'll sit, you know, I have afternoon classes where, you know, they're 90-minute classes at our school on a lot of the days. And so, you know, you you have a discussion, you give the the kids something to do, and then you walk around and check on them all, and they're all good, and you're like, "Okay, I'm going to sit down and, you know, check my email, do some grades, you know, whatever, while they while they do their work." Um, and uh cuz I teach more of the academic stuff now or the classes where they practice on their own. I'm not doing the ensembles as much anymore. And so, it's like um I'm sitting there doing my email and I'm like starting to nod off. I'm like, "Okay, I got to stand up and walk around now. Let me like today it happened. noticed myself closing my eyes and I was like and it's time to stand up. It would be so embarrassing if I fell asleep sitting at my my desk in class. I mean, we're all human, right? But like, you know, obviously I wouldn't want to do that. My kids would think it was hilarious. They'd never let me live it down. Luckily, I haven't ever actually fallen asleep, but they do. You know, the students do. Eating less carb make me less sleepy. Hey, that's probably a good plan. I should probably do that, he said as he just finished his cookie. My friends and I joke that we know we're getting older cuz we have surgical scars where 20-year-olds have tattoos. Brad says it happens around 2:30. Yeah, between 2 and 230. More. It almost happens around like it starts around two for me. But yeah, I also probably you probably don't get up at 5:30 either. So maybe that's why mine's a little later. Yes, plan on not going to the parks. Um, where's where's where's the Amy? Plan on not going to the parks early the next day. 100%. >> 100%. Hi, >> Chris. How many? >> Just one. All right. One 112. Watch your step for me. All right, >> here we go. Hey, Nicole. >> So far, a pretty chill night. Put my uh tripod back in my backpack. There we go. Okay. Just passed you in the tunnel. Riviera was hoping to stop and say hi to gimble issue. Oh, no. You should have. It's okay. The gimbal issue was was uh was very quickly resolved. I'm so sorry. I didn't know you wanted to talk to me. No, don't don't ever worry about that. I'm sorry, Mike. >> Welcome aboard the Disney Skyliner at Disney's Riviera Resort. If you're just joining us, we are on our way to Epcot. Ladies and gentlemen, we invite you to sit back, relax, and enjoy the most magical flight on Earth. >> Hey, Drew. How you doing? >> There's one of those bus stops down there. Here's our Epcot viewers. Let me slide down. I'll keep the benches clean for them. >> We are now traveling along Buenav Vista Drive. This roadway and the city of Lakew Vista were established in 1969 when Walt Disney World Resort was first being developed. They are both named after Buenav Vista Street in Burbank, California, where the Walt Disney Company headquarters are still located today. Random Vista just means good view. And Mike says, "No worries, we'll catch up to you." Okay, I'm probably going to use the restroom after we get on the uh after we get on the after we get off the Skyliner. So, maybe I can meet you after I use the restroom. Oh, thanks, Drew. Yeah, I got my Vessie shoes, so see if that works. Vacc wants to get me a chocolate milkshake again. I'm good. If I want a chocolate milkshake, I'll get one at Culver's or something where they have a decent size. Uh the temp on the Skylander is perfect. Not Not too cold, not too hot. Love how the fire department looks like Lego. Yeah, they they really do a nice job with that kind of stuff here. Formerly known as Reedi Creek. That building, Red, White, and Blue. Um maybe the fire department back there. I mean, this building right here is uh the American Adventure. >> Pack your passports. We are on our way to Epcot International Gateway. When we arrive, remember to use your My Disney Experience mobile app to review your worldly itinerary for the day. >> Washington and the Red Sox at the same time. My Red Sox aren't losing yet. Great night. Nice. Great to meet you, too, Cheryl. Glad you had a good good vacation. Ladies and gentlemen, in just a few moments we will be taking a scenic spin around the Skyliner. our turn station. Please remain seated. This station was designed for turning only. Oh, hey KPD. Uh, you were the one I talked to at the Riviera. says, "Great meeting you, Rivier. You were so kind. Thank you for letting my girls see themselves on YouTube." Oh, for sure. Absolutely. My pleasure. Great meeting you guys, and I hope you enjoy your trip. Yeah, we can check out the pin board. >> No worries. It's hard to see through the windows are pretty messed up. Coming into view, it's Disney's Boardwalk in and Disney Boardwalk Villas. From elegant dining and magical lounges to lively entertainment just off the shores of Crescent Lake. >> Oh, man. Live the golden era of Atlantic beach towns and turn of the century amusement parks. >> Oh, Ron, it was great to meet you. Gibber Canteen. Yeah. Oh, man. If you are planning to visit World Showcase today, now might be a good time to practice your nihow and konichiwas. When you arrive at each nation's pavilion, cultural hosts will be waiting to greet you in their native language, helping make your visit to Epcot a truly international exchange. That's the road that goes all the way around Epcot, at least the World Showcase, called Avenue of the Stars. And it's not accessible to uh the public. It's a private road. You have to have clearance to get back there. >> We are now arriving at Epcot. To all who come to this place of joy, hope, and friendship, welcome. No. Oh goodness. >> There's a certain speed I think they have to >> stop the sky around. >> Stay seated until the doors automatically open. When exiting the cabin, please supervise children, collect your belongings, and watch your steps. Thank you for flying with us. Come in kind of sideways there. >> Sorry, we made it. We made it. >> All right. Good deal. Come on. This fantastic yellow. All right. And poor cast member, she has to keep saying that same thing. All right, I'm going to go over here and use the restroom. And so our friends that are wanting to meet up with me, uh, I will meet you right after I after I returned from restroom break. Let me do that real quick. >> All right. We'll stay at popular art because the Skylliner is so convenient and fun. It really is. It's very great. Like I get why they couldn't build another Montreal, but the Skylliner is very nice. All right, I'll be right back. >> No. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Hey, welcome back. I want to smell the fish and chips. Oh, the fish and chips smell good. Back to front and side to side. The ride stopped now. >> No, it's moving. The Skyliner is a moving. The stream was stopped for a second while I got a chance to take a restroom break, but no, we're all good. No problem. I always love this FS. Skipper Dad, you booked your trip. Nice. This is interesting. Like a fireworks boat or something. Who knows? Double engine though, so they can go fast. Wow, that'sund 180 horsepower on that thing. That thing can move. Starting to sprinkle a little bit. All right, let's go to beach club since it's the closest here. I love that music. Here, let's take the low road. >> Since we're going to Beach Club, we can take the low road. You guys want to think that we There's definitely a speaker in that bush somewhere. Uh, hey Kevin. Hey Gerald. Yes, we're outside of Epcot. Yeah, there is a low road and this is actually um a lot of times it's kind of like a smoking path, but I think they kind of cleared that out. So, obviously you can't go this way. If you want to go to boardwalk, you've got to go over the bridge. You got to go up and over. But this low road's usually open. There's been a couple times when there we've had hurricanes that it's flooded for a few days, but that's pretty uncommon. So, yeah, it's been closed every once in a while. Wow. Major reverb going on over here. They've got it stripped down or repainted or primed. Maybe primed. They don't usually strip this stuff down. I'm trying to think of the name that plays the traditional Chinese music. I can't think of it now. I've heard it before. I knew it. It fell out of my head. I'm sorry. Dominican Marine. It's a wonderful question. I >> think it starts with an X. >> Oh, wow. Extension point. That's so exciting for him. Extension point. >> I don't know anyone. that lives there. >> But I'll let you know if we >> think of anyone. >> Saying the do No. >> Well, I don't have. >> Okay. Now, we're going to do yellow. We'll do yellow then. We'll do a yellow, >> you know. Cotto zither. I was thinking it was a zither. Yeah, I was thinking it was a zither. Cotto, I think that may be it. I think you may have gotten it. I was just trying to look it up too at the same time. I >> think you may have gotten it. Bye, George. I think you've caught it. >> Wasing oru is the one that's bowed. So, I think it depends on what you're asking. Never had that much money in my life. >> Either I spent it all and >> tanks doing great. It would have been so great. >> No, I don't see any gators. Tonight's movie under the stars will be shown in the beach club. That makes sense because it's kind of a kind of a gross night. It's our favorite Disney resort area. We have DVC at both the bar um the boardwalk and beach club and stay at the yach club every Christmas season for holiday decorations and lobbies of all three resorts. Yeah, it's so nice. The resort decorations are so great. I really love the train in here. I know dad does too. >> But next time I want to make sure that uh >> next time I want to make sure that uh Liam gets to come too. He was sad that he didn't get to see the sad that he didn't get to see the train. So, this is the beast club. Disney teacher life. Hello. There's proof. Beach Club. There it is. Not that I needed to prove you that, you know, Beast Club was real, but Oh, nice flowers. Go to bed. You want Beach Club. >> Nice classy resort. Indeed. Indeed it is. >> Again, the resort merch is always nice. Yeah. >> Shopping time. Shopping time. >> Vineyard Vines. $135 zip up. >> For anybody who has too much money on their hands, I I can't I couldn't ever even if I had the money to blow on that, I just couldn't do it. They're nice shirts, but they're just not like I don't know. I can't I can't $100 shirt unless it's like a dress shirt or something. They missed a couple Christmas decorations. Where? I didn't see him. >> Come. >> Welcome back to Intentional Shopping with Josh. >> It's a thing. >> It's a thing. That's cool. >> What was that guy's name? Oh, the the uh >> this guy. >> I don't know. From Emperor's New Groove. I can't think of it. >> Oh, yeah. We're supposed to look at the pin board. Uh let me see. I can find Oh, there's somebody's in front of it. See if there's some over here. When I say you say pin board, you mean the one at the register or do you mean like the pin the pin selection? The pins available for purchase. Cusco. Cusco is the emperor. Oh, he that's what he turns into. Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right. Sorry, my brain skipped the beat. I don't see any pins over here. So yeah, I don't think that's so cute. Resort M never goes out of season. Disney merch does get expensive. Oh, I mean that is true. I just can't I can't. $100 shirt. $140 shirt. Can't do it. They got sunglasses if you need sunglasses. Cusco and medicine. I just showed that last time I think. And food. There is food. Now, the the quick service area here is much much smaller. They do have pizza and stuff, but they do also have you can walk around the boardwalk and stuff. And they have groceries just in case you need ketchup. >> All right. >> Yeah. Are you going to give it to her on Saturday? >> A sandwich. Let's go see if we can find the pin board here. There's quite the crowd around this cash register here. Oh, they're having a whole conversation. I'll have to go to a different resort to find it. >> Well, hello again. >> Hi. How are you? >> Good. Dr. Dad. Oh, nice to see you. Nice to see you. We just ran into you in August. >> Oh, awesome. >> Yeah, we were uh at in Magic Kingdom. We were getting ready to go to the You guys are getting ready to go to the Halloween party and we >> Oh, yeah. >> Yeah, that's Well, it seems like a long time ago it >> and yet not that long at the same time. >> You know, we we're always watching you and we want to just say hi and see how you guys are doing. >> Well, thank you. What are you guys up to tonight? >> Uh we just got done with Animal Kingdom. >> Okay. And we're just doing a resort tour ourselves. >> Oh, nice. Well, that that worked out well. >> Yeah. Doing it. So, we got to jump in and see him. >> Yeah. Did you guys want to say hi on the live stream? >> Yeah. >> Hi, guys. How you doing today? >> Hi. >> So, James is our marching band student. >> Oh. >> And I'm like, he needs to talk to you cuz you're the music teacher. >> Yeah. What do you What do you play? >> Uh, percussion. >> Nice. Which instrument? Um, I'm in France almost, so I kind of play like >> You play all the things. >> Got it. Got it. >> Five this season. >> Oh, good. Good for you. That's cool. Yeah, that's always nice. So, are you are you going to stay with front ensemble, do you think, or you think you're going to try for the battery at some point? >> Go to drum line. >> Okay. >> Yeah, you sometimes you start on battery and then you go to bass drum or you go to, you know, symbols or you go to snare. Yeah, that's awesome. That's I every time I I don't teach marching band anymore, but every time I hear the drums at Magic Kingdom, I like get taken back immediately. He's supposed to come in November to do >> Yeah. >> Yeah. They're supposed to march >> down Main Street. >> Oh, cool. >> And then uh Hollywood Studios or >> Hollywood? >> One of the two. >> Oh, >> I didn't know they did stuff at Hollywood. I thought it was just magic. That's cool. If they're doing more that I just haven't seen. >> I love that. >> That's super cool. I never marched with the band at Disney or had a band march at Disney. >> I need to do that one of these days. Right. >> I I got to come down and watch them. >> Oh, for sure. >> It's a once in a lifetime experience. Yeah. So, >> no, you got to come. That's That's a required. >> Twist my arm to get me. >> I know. >> I don't mind. We'll let you enjoy your night. >> Oh, for sure. No, it's great to see you guys again. >> Yeah. So, we'll we'll watch on Friday. We'll probably be in the park ourselves. >> Oh, you will? Okay. I don't even know where we're going to be yet. We have a couple options. We'll We haven't decided yet. >> We're supposed to be in Epcot. >> Epcot. Yep. We're doing Epcot and then Beach Club for Beaches and Cream for our dinner. So, >> Okay. >> Well, that'll be good. I haven't had that for a while. It's good to play with. We enjoy it. So, >> I always enjoyed it when it was tiny, too. >> I mean, obviously, I'm glad they expanded it, but I remember it when it was tiny and nobody knew about it. >> It's hard to get reservations. >> I know. I know. It made me sad. I'm like, "No, it's not a secret anymore." Like, a friend of mine showed it to me back in like 200 like seven >> and it was like nobody knew about it and it was pretty chill. >> So, back in the day, >> it's a beautiful resort. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. >> A must do is at some point to stay here. If we're an animal, I can watch this. >> Well, that's no that's no uh that's no bad resort for sure. >> Not at all. So, >> it has its pros and cons. >> Yeah. Well, yeah, the transportation is a little rough going out of there. That's the only thing. >> Well, we waited >> Yeah, that's true. >> Half an hour for Magic Kingdom bus. >> Yeah, it happens. You would think they would send more buses for deluxe resorts. >> Yeah, I I Yeah, the buses mystify me. So I luckily I I'm lucky enough I get to take my car around, >> but uh yeah, that's part of it. Have they been asking for your Magic Band and stuff to get on the buses or >> at Disney Springs? >> At Disney Springs. Okay. >> We have scanning to get back. >> I heard that was a thing. Yeah, >> it's the first time we've ever had to do it. >> I did it yesterday. >> Yeah. >> Oh, so it was just for the busy season >> until Easter. Yeah, Easter Sunday was right. >> Cuz it's funny. I heard a cast member even talking at Polynesian the other day. She was a little frustrated because she's like, "Well, we always used to tell the guests if they couldn't park here to go to Disney Springs and take a bus and now they can't do that." So, she's like, "Now I don't know what to tell them." I mean, you know, obviously this was just a temporary measure, but you could tell >> notification yesterday. >> Well, that's Yeah, it makes sense. They got to they got to manage the crowds. I don't know that Easter was as bad as they thought it was going to be, though. I never saw any any crowds that were concerning to me. It was just normal >> last year for Easter. I know it was later in April. Yeah. Uh, and the crowds weren't like they are this year. This year it's been busy. At least last week. >> Okay. >> All the all the lines were 95 minutes or higher in most of the parks. At least that we went around. >> Probably I wasn't around as much. Probably that was that's maybe I just didn't see it. >> The other day sworn got to what 2 hours? >> I think so. >> Wow. That's rare. >> Collie River Rabbids was a 2-hour wait on Saturday when we were there. >> I remember that. >> That ride is definitely not worth the 2-hour wait. >> But we wrote 10. Yeah, we waited 10 minutes for it. >> Yeah, today we rode it. We're from upstate New York, so this is a cool weather. >> Oh, yeah. You can walk on. Tiana is a great a great day to run Tiana. >> Snow on the ground where we live this morning. >> Oh, yeah. >> So, >> we didn't mind. >> I don't usually mind it too much either, although I have gotten Fidian blood. When I went back to New York though, uh, in January and it was like minus 5 or whatever, it was actually it was brutal. But then I I I didn't really get used you I don't think you ever get used to minus minus below zero. But I got used to it when it had warmed back up to about 15. I was like I think I could I could do this again. I lived you know when >> Yeah. I was like okay this isn't as bad you know. So I was like I think I think I'd only take me a couple weeks to get used to it again. >> Well it's good talking to you guys here. >> Yeah. Oh for sure. No >> keep doing this. >> Good good to see you guys. >> Good to see you. >> Thanks for coming and finding me. >> Yeah. >> You too. You can't do that. You can't do that. >> All right, here we go, guys. See if you can answer these questions. >> What are the three things needed to fly? What's the name of the family dog? What are the names of the two brothers? >> How many misfits make up the Lost Boys? And what animals they see, this is the one that was last time cuz I didn't know the Lost Boys. So, >> there's me. Give me my turn. >> David, that's funny. >> No, that was somebody else. Yeah, I didn't I totally didn't do that. >> No, I meant I No, when it was below zero, I was definitely running. I meant when it when it was like getting warmer on the last day and when I got back to even when I got back to Orlando and it was like 30 and I was like this isn't too bad compared to zero. >> And Becky said, "I know they're expensive, but they're worth the price." Okay, fair enough. >> All right, here's the pens. Oh, I love the Muppet ones. Excuse me. Sorry. >> You're good. >> See what they got on the pins here. >> That's cool. Disney World pin up there. Very cool. >> All right, let's go strolling. And we're off. >> Just how off are we? We're We're pretty off. Dad jokes. I got them all. >> You guys know how it is when you get to be a dad before, you know, when they're they're telling the mom all the important stuff about, you know, how to how to care for the the child. Um you know how it goes. Cuz then they pull the dads aside and say, "Hey, here's your book." And you're like, "What? What book?" And like, "No, your book. Your book of dad jokes. This is required. Guard this with your life and don't tell anybody." Oh, shoot. Man, now they're going to take away my dad joke card. Yeah, the pennant's cool. I know Disney closing expansive. Yeah. Yeah. No, I I agree, but I just can't do $140 shirt. Like that's a nice shirt. If it was $70, I probably would would say, "Okay, the question is how much does it cost him to make that?" If it I bet it doesn't cost him 20 bucks to make it. >> So, I just find the I find the markup excessive. >> Sure, it's frustrating for people. There's different words at different locations. I love finding it. Yeah, it's like finding hidden treasures. Well, the other thing is there's just physically not enough like space for them to put it all in. >> Oh, it was a it was a it was a zip-up shirt and people are saying that it's a good deal. I don't know. I can't do it. Apparently nobody liked my dad joke. It's Ariel's. That's fun. All right. O, they're having a Oh, they're having a dinner in there. Wow. How nice. >> I also missed the price at the beginning. I also would not spend $17 a shirt. I got the dad jokes in the family. That was also a dad joke. Yep, there you go. See? All right. Somebody finally got it. Thanks, Bit Ritz. I knew I could count on you. But yeah, um yeah. No, I don't mind paying a little extra for a nice garment. I just Yeah, that was that was $140 because of the name brand that was on it. Hey, Heather, I got my first Roosevelt for Easter. Now I want for one for every day of my trip. Yeah. See, Roosevelt makes a nice product, too. And they're not that expens I mean, they're like, you know, they they cost they're comparable to other fully printed button-up shirts. I feel like they're a fair price for what you're getting, right? And I don't mind paying a little extra for the quality. I just don't want to pay a ton extra for a name that nobody's going to care about. So, sorry. That's my That's my $100 $140 shirt soap box. This restaurant, man. They expanded it and it still wasn't enough. This arcade, this arcade's days may be numbered. There's your arcade. All right. It was Peter Miller, but it was M I L L A R, I think. I don't know. Something like that. Yeah, the Club 33 stuff isn't even that like I've been in there and bought some of that stuff and it was, you know, it was reasonable. I got an embroidered hat for like embroidered Club 33 hat and it was like $40. I don't feel like that's a lot to ask for a very high quality embroidered hat. If it had been $140, then it'd be different. So, Bros gives a nice military discount. Awesome. As they should. Hey, Tina. No, they're good. They're good guys from what I've heard. How much are they paying the workers to make them? See, that's my that's my thing, too. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. So, and I understand quality costs more, right? So, if you say, "Hey, here's this cheapo. Here's this cheapo shirt for, you know, a cheapo button-up shirt for $30. It's probably going to fall apart in a year or two. Here is a nicer button-up shirt for $50. We pay, you know, we pay the workers more. We use higher quality product. We, you know, whatever. Okay, cool. I'm all good for that. But like, yeah, then when you add $100 to that, you're like, "Okay, now you're gouging it." Open sesame. >> I love the yachtsman. >> Please be patient with me. >> Blame God. That's where it's at. Peter Miller clothes are totally well made for sure, but it's totally a cache. Is that cache? Is that how you say that? For a golf crowd and corporate expense accounts. Yeah, exactly. Sorry Dave, when you said corporate corporate expense accounts, I thought corporate accounts payable. Oo, that was nice and loud. Nina speaking from office space. you know that one in the office space and the guy's sitting there, Peter sitting there next to uh the lady answering the phones for corporate accounts payable and it's like she answers the phone every 5 seconds. It's only worth somebody's willing to pay for it. Yeah. So, I guess there's people willing to pay for it. >> Sorry, I didn't intend to like go crazy about that. It was just shocking to me. We did it. >> Sadly, Cast Connection, the same item would be discounted 50%. Yeah. Well, they and they actually probably lose money. I'm not blaming Disney, to be clear. I'm not blaming Disney for this. It's more the brand. >> Disney probably loses money on those kind of stuff. Those kind of things. If they go to Cast Connection, they probably lose money on it. At that point, they're probably just trying to recoup something. Of course. Do I know that one? Of course. You're Michael Bolton. Yeah, Michael Bolton. Why should I change my name? I know, right? Oh, I enjoy his whole catalog. What does PC load better even mean? Hey, Tannina, how are you? I love these model ships. So intricate. Sorry, it's kind of hard to show with the reflection, but it's it's very cool. I I one of the best scenes ever, literally. Look, it's round. Who' have thunk it? Samir and Naga Naga not going to work here. That was good. Oh, those guys were horrible. the consultants. It's jumping to conclusions, Matt. Oh, Katie, I can see you like that one, too. There's different conclusions you can jump to. That movie was the epitome of epitome of '90s, early 2000. David, I'm not even going to say that. >> Are you guys ready? Oh, there's something that smells just like this hotel. Mrs. Myers products in the rainwater fragrance smells just like this hotel. How fun. I didn't know that. And please hold. Oh, that's interesting. Bit Ritz. Yeah, I don't know. Just doing well. Just finished eating some dinner and joining the virtual Disney trip through the stream. Nice. Yeah, the Bob the Bobs were not good, guys. Dave, >> what is it really? Wonka said, "All I need is a All I need is a small ship and a star to sailor by movie quotes tonight." I got them all. I got them all in here. Love the Family Guy spoof. I don't think I don't know that I've seen that one. All dad jokes told by Josh were not provided by anymore. So funny. They make some of the nicest areas to relax, but they were too busy enjoy doing the Disney to enjoy them. I get that. It's so nice up here. And it wouldn't you like I actually love the ambiance in here even a little more sometimes than than Beach Club. It is very very upscale and just so chill. Like they've done a very nice job with this. Like who wouldn't want to hang out here? Yeah. Milton, we're going to need you to move your desk. Like you could come sit here and nobody would bother you. No, I haven't washed hoppers yet. Hoppers or moppers? again. We're not the only one here. Okay, >> I'm going to sit in this chair. >> Just thought I'd let you guys know. Tall ship and a starter sailor by that sounds better. All right, good night. wanted to put this away. >> Yeah, this is like I could fall asleep. Okay, switcheroo. Yep. I've got some more relaxing relaxing strolls >> filmed. I just got to post them. Hopefully they do better than the last time we had it. Have you got Are you wearing enough flare? No, I don't have enough flare. Don't yell at me. Third movie is called Shoppers. Yeah. Hoppers, moppers, and shoppers. Oh, the Alen Compass had the best hamburgers. How fun. So much time and so little to do or to see. We're going to glimpse of a relaxing shash. Yeah, that doesn't happen. He doesn't relax. That's his problem. >> Yes, Disney Speedtorm. Yeah, Le and I were playing it the other day. We need to just buy it, but we were trying to like we were trying to like earn the unlock by winning all the online races. All right, I better thought to myself, better get up before I fall asleep for real. You probably not have set I should not have sat down. I know. >> Hey Sandy, tranquility its best. This place is just so nice. Alen Compass, too. Everything flows really, really well together in here. Like, this didn't used to be this way. It was more brown wood colors and things like that, and they've kind of redone it, and it looks nice. David, were you talking about me? Somebody who doesn't relax. Yeah, that would that would apply to you, too. She's off that. All right. So, I think I've made an executive decision. I think I'm going to go and head back to the Skyliner. I'm not feeling I'm not feeling an entire walk around. I don't think my ankles are going to like me for that. So, head back to the Skyliner and we'll do a little uh we'll do a little Art of Animation and Pop Century. How about that? Let's see how long it takes to get to >> This will be good for anybody who is wanting to stay at Art or Pop. See how long it takes to get to their station uh from Epcot here. I'm guessing about half an hour, but we'll see. 20 minutes to half an hour. Yeah. Isn't it a great view? Hey, Mr. master. Yeah, it's been a fun game for sure. That is a fun game. Speedtorm. Yep. Okay. Oh, yeah. They got Adventures of Jin and Dale. Yeah, that's their second channel. You can go check that out if you want. They got a lot of stuff up there. Cruises and things they've done. Dale and I are going to upgrade his v his computer on Saturday. I don't know. He might film that. We'll see. Love the spontaneity. Thanks, Uh, coaster dude, I'm not going to make it all the way down to the swan. Tell you what, you can come walk. You can come walk me there. You car. If you come and carry me, then I'll do it. No, my feet are not going to make it down there right now. Beach club. That's my favorite music loop. Nice. Wonder if I ever notice this little waterfall. Not recently. Oh, the water comes from here. >> Oh, that's cool. This song, this song always cracks me up because it's Battlefield. It's the same chord progression as Awesome God, which was a great song. I mean, it doesn't completely follow it, but it starts out with the same progression. noticed the >> All right. Well, let's forget the hot There's a hot tub or something over there. Is that a kiddie pool over there? Something. Tell me. Is that over there by the the ship? Is that a kiddie pool or a hot tub? All right, so let's talk through a few things here. First of all, we have a few awesome sponsors. We have mickeytras.com, mikytravels.com for the best and free Disney vacation planning. Go check out mickeyras.com to book your next trip to Walt Disney World. That's mickeyras.com. Also, mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. Mickeyas.com and mickeyblog.com. We also have resort That's That's a heavy wind. We also have resort tv1homes.com if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida. Just check out resorttv1homes.com. Again, that's resorttv1homes.com. We'll help you find your dream home here in Central Florida. We have two closings this week. >> So, it's been a really, really nice, great season. And uh all of our people, everybody who we've uh who we've talked to that's used uh Resort KV1 Homes, they've all been really happy because we have the best realtors brokered by EXP Realy. They're the best. So go check it out. Um at uh that's a kiddie pool. Okay. I knew about the big slide. I didn't know about the kiddie pool. Yeah. Just go to resort tv1homes.com, click on contact us, and you can get started. If you're going to move down here, we'd really appreciate you using our our realtor because it supports the channel, but it also not just supports the channel. It also gets you the best real estate service possible. Check it out. So, yeah, that's really really been awesome. It's been a lifesaver in this time of YouTube YouTube demise. I don't know, demise is the right word, but you know, when our channel is kind of dying. I feel like I don't know, it's probably the wrong way to say it. I don't think it's actually dying. Like, I know a lot of people would be super happy for 750,000 views a month. It's just when you had 1.2 million or 1.4 million before, it's, you know, it's disappointing. To be clear, we only had 1.2 1.4. We only had 1.4 in like the holiday seasons and stuff, but 1.1 1.2 too was pretty common for a while. Even even just 1 million. Anyway, whatever. Okay. I also have we also have another new sponsor that uh joined us this week. And so if you uh he's he sponsored us a while back, but he actually um he actually restarted, so we appreciate it so much. >> Okay, here we go. >> Can I just say that the uh the iOS mail app has the worst search in the world? All right, found it. So, um, it's an app called Park Snacker. So, planning Disney World vacation is a massive job and usually the food is the hardest part to track. One of our sponsors, Park Snacker, makes planning what you want to eat or drink much easier. It's a must have app that lets you discover, rate, and review over 20,000 food and drink items. Hold on. We can't control the color >> around the parks and resorts. So, it lets you discover, rate, and track and review over 20,000 food and drink items across the parks and resorts. Whether you're looking for trending treats or real user reviews, the app is the ultimate Walt Disney World food and drink companion. You can even follow friends to see what they're eating. Once you try a snack, check it off your list. Rate it for the community. They also have a dedicated section for Epcot festivals. So, if you're heading to the flower and garden, you can see all the menus and reviews in one spot before you even set foot in the park. Add what you really want to try to your snack list. You'll be ready to go. Spend much less time searching and more time eating. Make sure to download. Go to parksnacker.com to download the app on iOS or Android. Or just go to the app stores and search for parknacker.com or just search for parknacker, I should say. Dogger, what are you looking at? Dogger. >> Yeah, go a park snacker. >> Search for a park snacker. Oh yeah, >> Sithron. Yep. That's a great music spot for sure. >> Awesome. >> Where's he? >> Yeah, >> you guys. Custo, >> do you uh seems like YouTube views down? Hold on, we'll let these guys go. They're so loud. >> Seems like YouTube views for everybody goes up and down. You think it'd be better to try doing mainly live streams or try 50/50 with long form? We might. I don't know. I asked YouTube has a new AI in their studio and I asked it about the views going down. They're like, "Ah, it looks like people are not watching your live streams as long as they used to." I was like, "Oh, well, that's good to know." So, um, and then and then I was like it was like maybe you should focus on doing less live streams and just making, you know, whatever really high quality ones. I was like, "Oh, okay." I was like, "Ouch." But yeah, it's like, "Well, we do make high quality ones." But yeah, I don't know. Maybe there's something to that. Maybe we're doing it too often. I mean, we don't go nearly as often as a lot of people, but I don't know. Oh, toodles. I know. Yeah. Anyway, I don't know. I thought about I thought about that. Maybe maybe taking a little time off, maybe that's not such a bad thing. Maybe maybe that'll bring back the interest in the stream. Maybe we're just going too much. Like I feel like my life's a little out of balance anyway sometimes. Like I don't even have time to fix stuff at the house half the time. >> So maybe it's time to chill it out a little bit. >> Depends how many people are waiting for how many people are waiting for. >> Yeah, I've seen hooligans a couple times. They're good. Um, I think >> I don't trust anything AI. I know. >> But then it actually admitted. It said, "Well, your your your overall view time could have gone down because you posted more shorts, but shorts are shorter." So then it admitted that maybe it wasn't even right. So that's what's kind of funny. It's like, "Oh, your your average watch time went down to this, but you did publish a lot more shorts, so maybe that's what drug it down." I'm like, "Okay, should I really listen to you? I don't know. Oh, thanks David. I appreciate that. >> There's a huge drop off in production value, content charisma, the ability to actually speak on camera with these. Well, I don't, you know, I don't want to put anybody down. We're certainly far from perfect. There's a lot of times when I'm pretty critical of myself. I'm like, "Oh, yeah, that wasn't good. That wasn't good. I should do this better. Yeah. RTV wants the best for all things Disney. We appreciate you so much. Thank you. >> I was off all last week. Worked on a lot of stuff around the house and needed a break from my break. Nice. >> I know. I I I feel that. >> I feel that. >> Honestly, I just love the lives. Well, that's good to know. >> Good to know. Hopefully one step right behind us. How many? >> I'd love to see you try some new theme streams. Like some of your streamers spin spin a wheel and see what they need to do next. >> Yeah. Is it different? >> I don't know. It's a different place. Stay here. >> I see what you I see what you mean. Hey, Disney mom Sarah >> live streams evening shows are one of the main draws to watching you guys for me. I would miss them dearly if you cut back. Thanks Sarah. Appreciate it. >> Oh, perfect. You know what? Dog sounds like a boy name. >> YouTube, your top live stream views are consistently MK. That's for everybody. So, nobody's getting tired of that. YouTube AI sucks if it tells you to avoid those. Yeah, >> I hear you loud and clear. Not like And today we're at RA. Yeah, >> the theme streams are cool for sure. I just want to I don't know. >> I just don't want to copy anybody. And for some reason that's just not as interesting to me. I don't know why. >> Go all the way to the end. >> How many? >> One. >> Right behind us. Watch your step. How many? >> How many? How many? How many? How many? How many? >> Lord. >> This is not going to be good. >> Sorry. I don't know why they That's Sorry. >> I was like, is there a room? >> What are you doing? >> That's a live stream on YouTube. >> Oh, cool. Oh, cool. >> So, how many people are? >> Uh, about 2,000 almost right now. >> Really? >> You want You want to say hi? >> Yeah. >> All right. >> Where y'all from? >> Michigan. >> Michigan. It's my birthday. So, >> Oh, happy birthday. >> Thank you. >> Oh, y'all aren't cold. It's nice and nice and warm here compared to there, right? >> So, you do like Disney vlogging or something? >> Yeah. I mean, I'm a teacher like by day, but like during, you know, every couple days a week, I'll do live streams on YouTube, vlogs every once in a while. >> Great. >> It's fun. >> Been doing it for almost nine well over nine years. Long time annual pass. >> Oh, yeah. >> Disney invites us to some stuff now, but like >> they don't. Everybody thinks we get free admission. We don't. Thank you guys. >> Oh, it's so pretty, you guys. This is really This is our first time on the Skyliner. >> No, our second time. >> Have you been on this before? >> Yes. >> No, you have. >> I would love to know when came out with >> the Dogger. Him and Dogger. >> Him and past Disney and Disney. >> President, what's your deal? >> Charming lakeside. >> What are you doing? entertainment evening. >> Why is she over there? >> What's your YouTube channel? >> It's called Resort TV1. >> Do you mind spelling that? >> Like just resort. >> Resort TV >> and then TV and then the number one. >> Okay, >> you're good. Just type in resort. It should come up. >> Oh, it just popped up. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> 214,000 subscribers. Wow. >> Yeah, it's it's it's been good for sure. We've been we've been thankful. I'm tuning in. >> Thanks. >> Oh, it's an ad. I was like, that doesn't sound like me. >> Gordon Ramsey. >> Oh, nice. >> Will it give you feedback or anything or that is awesome? >> Will it be bad for you? Let me see. >> No, no, no. You're good. You're good. >> In the comments, >> you're good. >> Everybody say comments >> are like say happy birthday. >> Everybody say hi to the nice family in the Skylliner. >> It say congrats on national championship last night. >> We're Michigan State Fitz. >> Happy birthday, Michigan family dad. It says >> I just saw that. We don't know if it's about 20 or 30 seconds behind. Station was designed just for turning. Other skyin station from the glamour of Disney's Hollywood Studios to the laidback islands of Disney's Caribbean family. >> Now you're get Now you're getting the comments. >> Nice. Thank you everybody. >> Hello. Hi family. >> There they are. >> It's our first Skyliner ride and I'm in I'm interrupting it. I'm sorry. >> Oh, no. This is This is going to be memorable. >> Oh, there you go. >> We've been to Disney 100 times. We just never take the Skylliner. >> Well, see, now you have video of your first Skyliner ride. >> My whole family's big Disney fans. We're going to They're going to love this. >> Oh, nice. >> Oh, it's us. >> Moana. >> Moana? Yes, >> we were on Moana. >> No, >> Moana is the one behind us. >> Yeah, Moana's behind us. >> I think we got Beauty and the Beast, I think. Huh? >> You can see it. This is so cool, you guys. >> Yeah. >> This is a great perk of art animation. >> Yeah. >> You know what I mean? Cuz we can take it tomorrow. >> Nice. >> Yeah. >> Oh, that's cool. >> There you go. You got one from You got one from England. >> Happy birthday from England. Yeah. >> Look at people watching all that's late. You guys are up late in England. It's like >> 2 in the morning over there. Enjoy your journey on the most >> sky. See the one that got stuck. Oh, it's it's bad. >> See the one that got stuck? >> Oh, no. They're moving the other way. >> They're moving. They're going to cut. >> Oh, that's so confusing. >> That is crazy. The Epcot ball looks far far away from where we just came from. >> Oh, bit ritz. Yeah, if you want to time it. I forgot. >> It's an optical illusion, Mom. Mom, that's an optical illusion. >> It's purple and green. That's good that you know that it's an obstacle. >> It's blue, purple, green. >> It's really pretty. >> Excellent color. >> Oh, now you're Mr. Michigan. >> Oh, yeah. Look at the Look at the ball. >> Yeah, that's cool. >> Oh, wow. >> A mini sphere. Las Vegas sphere. >> Yeah. >> I wonder how much bigger the sphere is. >> What a sweet family. Oh, >> happy birthday from West Bfield. >> No way. It's where I went to high school. >> Oh, wow. >> Westfield right there. >> Yeah. >> Brown. >> All right. Michigan people in the chat. How many people from Michigan in the chat? Let's hear it. >> One from West Bloomfield. >> Bloomfield. That's close to you guys, huh? >> That's where we live. >> Oh, it is. Wow. >> We live in Bloomfield. Westfield. >> That's awesome. >> Arriving at Disney's Riviera Resort, a Disney vacation club. >> I just showed up. How many people vacation destinations in the world? The European Riviera has fascinated and inspired many great artists over the centuries including Walt >> Nova Scotia. Is that in Michigan? No. >> No, that's Canada. >> Grand Rapids play basketball tournament there. >> Yeah. This is the lucky thing that we're Detroit. Detroit. >> That's the funny thing. >> That's so crazy. >> That's so lucky. Oh wow. I just got >> Brody got caught sick. >> Carson. Carson. Carson. >> Carson. We got family there. >> Oh, nice. >> Troy >> St. Joe. >> Originally from Bloomfield Hills. >> Happy birthday from Grand Rapids. >> West Bloomfield Grand Rapids. >> Welcome to Disney Riviera Resort. >> Sterling. Wow. People from Michigan Beach Resort Studios. Disney's Pop Century Resort or Disney Animation Resort. >> Yes. Shout us out. Sly Guys. >> Tik Tok. >> Sly Guys on Tik Tok. You guys You guys have a Tik >> Tok. Like 10 videos. We're just >> Okay. Fly Guys. >> St. Clair Shores. >> Fly Guys. >> Check it out, guys. >> We have We have a Tik Tok. I have one just so nobody else would take it. >> But I'm like more into I'm more into live streams. I don't know. Those short videos are just beyond my brain. I think I'm too old. with some Ann Arbor. >> Bian Springs. Have you ever heard of that? >> So, we get off here and go to a different one, right? >> Where are you guys headed? >> Art of Animation. >> Actually, no. You're going to go one more stop and then get off. >> Stay here. >> Yeah. Stay here for now. >> That's good to know. For >> Island. Meno. That's cool. >> We go there every year. >> It looks beautiful. >> Aaso's from my best friend. This is very >> Oh, somebody just followed your Tik Tok. >> That kid sounds like a natural YouTuber. They said nice. >> He wants to be a food reviewer one day. >> Oh, that's >> I never said that. That was a joke. That was a joke. You would be great at that. >> I would be I would be great at that. >> Yeah. Big Bersie would be great at that. >> That's a calling for Big Bersie. >> Dad, sit right here. >> I don't want to block your view, dude. >> Township. What if What if Dogger? What if dogger >> Oh, hey Tim. >> Oh, yeah. >> Waterford. >> Wait, I can see what we are. Um, what is that one? >> Well, that is the >> I actually don't know. >> Isn't that like from Haunted Mansion? >> No, that looks like Kella or something. >> Oh, yeah. I think it might be Haunted Mansion. >> Like the lady in the crystal ball. I've never seen I >> hit the side. You >> still stay on here. >> Yeah. Yeah. This one's confusing because it has to turn. But this is really just for um Riviera. >> So the next one you can go to Hollywood or Art of Animation at the next stop. >> Okay. >> So for your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. I was on the Montreal the other day and somebody uh was on the express Montreal as you go through Contemporary and they were like we want to get off here. I'm like yeah you can't get off when you the express doesn't stop. I felt bad. I was like no you got to go all the way back to you know either TTC or Magic Kingdom and get on the resort. >> It can be confusing. our way to Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort with connecting flights to Disney. >> Somebody from Troy >> Disney. >> There's somebody else from Bloomfield Hills. >> Steve Avery. >> Steve Avery. He >> was a Gatorade baseball player at the University of Michigan in 198. He's from Michigan. >> Oh yeah, he runs baseball camp. >> He runs baseball camps. >> Wow. >> Born and raised in Hills. >> Is that who's on right now? >> No. >> He just said, "Do does anybody remember Steve A?" >> Yeah, he runs He still runs um That couple >> Mars Jupiter. >> How do you know Jupiter? >> I feel like when I was a kid, >> there was Steve Avery baseball camps. I'm always positive. >> We are now sailing over so every day feels like a junk celebration. >> It's 33° at home, I think. Awesome. >> Oh, that sounds not as good as here. >> No, definitely not. >> And you guys were wearing sweatshirts. Yeah, that's cool. >> Sunny, >> that's a really pretty pool. I wonder what >> in just a few moments we will be landing at Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort. >> Bluefield open, huh? >> Wait, >> that's where we had Golden Holden's first communion. That's where they go. >> We go there through uh DAC. That's where Do you know what I'm talking about? We went there for breakfast. It's actually good. Really good. >> Yeah, their food's great. >> Welcome to the Disney's Caribbean Beach. >> Where you at? >> I'm headed over to Art of Animation. I'm just doing a little tour. >> I thought you were going. Where we going? Yeah. >> I parked at Hollywood Studios, but I just kind of like >> some of these streams where I don't go to the park, especially when it's crowded. I'll just like show everybody the hotels. Please remain until the >> especially if people they don't know where they want to stay. It helps out a little bit. >> I used to watch Steve Avery Glavin and Maddox play when I lived in Atlanta. >> Wait, is that Those are actually MLB players, I guess. >> Maddox. Yeah. >> Bye family. It was a pleasure meeting you. Enjoy the rest of your stay and again happy birthday. >> Thank you everybody. >> Bye guys. Nice to meet you. Nice meeting you. How are you? >> Have a good night. >> You too. Yeah, very nice family for sure. That was fun. I just thought like, you know, it's always nice to meet people. >> All right. >> He asked, he wants to know what high school you went to. He says he went to Andover. >> West Bloomfield High School. >> West Bloomfield. Okay. >> My son's going to Hills High School now. >> Oh, okay. The old. >> That's the old Andover. Okay, that's cool. >> One. >> Unless you all want to ride with me. >> See you guys. >> Get on in here. >> Are you all right? Is that >> Yeah, go for it. >> Let's go, guys. >> We're staying on the live stream. >> Yes. >> Let's go. >> I should have just said eight. >> We're chip and Dale this time. >> Nice. Mom, where are you going? >> We're going to our hotel bar. >> I It hit me a minute ago. >> Your foot over. >> They aren't kidding. I had my foot in the way a minute ago. I was like, "Ow, >> why is your feet so big?" >> What' Tim say? That was fun. It was incredible. >> Big for the Michigan family staying with us. >> Let's go. >> Why is your feet? >> Invite your friends. Let's get this Let's get this live stream up, baby. >> Yeah. >> Make mine. >> It's the party skyliner. Now we need the >> We need the lights here. Wait, wait, wait. >> Go back. >> There you go. It's like a strobe. >> They're the best. Or they're back. Welcome back. There you go. >> Disneyland at Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort. >> Yeah, there's hardly anything to see over here. >> Back in time and enter the a swamp. >> We are on our way to Disney Resort at Disney's Art of Animation Resort. >> Tell some ghost stories in here. >> You want to Do you want to tell some ghost stories to Dogger? >> Well, show Show Dogger. >> Show Dogger. >> Show Dogger, dude. >> Come on, man. >> Well, we're on live stream. >> Who's Who's Dogger? >> Oh, introduce Dogger. Introduce Dogger. >> Hyena. >> We went to Animal Kingdom tonight. A >> and that was what he picked out. >> Me? >> Yeah. >> Oh, that's cute. >> Jersey. >> His name is Jersey. >> Oh, you guys got a giraffe there. >> How fun. >> Jersey. His name is Jersey. >> Jersey. >> What was that name? >> Since when was that his name? >> Did you just name him? >> Just now. Just now. >> Yes. Just now. Jersey. >> Chad really got going when the Michigan family joined in. Just ahead and to the right is Disney's Art of Animation Resort. >> A larger than life resort that celebrates the creative magic that goes into crafting Disney animated. >> We would have been in trouble getting >> on your left Disney resort. A memorable resort that celebrates played and communicated with each other throughout the 20th century. >> Ghost stories. Oh, yes. Yes. >> Well, they had good ones yesterday at that place. >> We got stuck animal. >> Mom, why is that mermaid on that wall right there? >> Oh, that's pretty cool. >> Cuz that's um >> Oh, is this it? >> They have like different themes for the buildings. We're in Lion King. >> Is that Nemo or Ariel? >> A mermaid. >> They have >> Oh, yeah. The the kids are adorable. Such a lovely family to get crammed in Skylliner with. I've had worse luck. Disney moms. No, it's actually that's why I was like felt bad because like sometimes I'll get in with somebody and they're like, "Oh no, a live streamer." And they like get mad. So, thank you for being cool. >> Fun. You're doing a good job. >> Thank you. >> Great. >> All of us in Michigan want to be in Florida. It's 35 here. Yep. >> I feel that. >> Y >> we are now gliding over the sparkling waters. Please sit back, relax, and enjoy the most magical fight on Earth. >> They made that sound beautiful. Glad to go to the magical. >> Yeah, it's really good during the day. It's hard to see now, but it's really cool. >> He must I wonder if he's saying graduated from Andover in 78. Maybe. >> No, >> maybe. >> In just a few moments, we will be arriving at the only floating Skyliner station at Walt Disney World Resort. >> Passengers can disembark here at Disney's special place in my heart for Disney's Art of Animation Resort. >> I don't know. >> Thank you for flying the Disney Skyliner. >> I don't know what that is. >> Boyage pop. >> Love this family. Such a friendly positive attitude from >> You got no We got no haters, bro. >> No, we we we don't allow the haters in the chat. We got moderators to take care of them. >> We say the only trolls we allow are in Norway. Watch your step. >> Thank you for >> We used to use this tour guide and she'd always say we're like the craziest family. First one's in, last one's out. Complaining. We're always happy when we're here. >> Oh, that's amazing. >> Hey, Shannon. >> All right. Good luck, buddy. Thanks again. >> Happy birthday. Enjoy, guys. There we go. >> Okay, we have to remember where we got >> at. that we got that we got. >> All right. The bots could make a comeback. It could happen. >> I made it. I knew we would. Yeah, that was fun. That was very nice. Just there's just like happy people. I love that so much. >> Seriously, like just genuinely a good family having a good time. Love to see it. Love to see it. All right, let's go over here to Pop for a minute. There's cake. I mean, I'm sure there is cake over here. This has been kind of fun mixing it up a little bit, right? >> No, I'm not staying here, Coaster Dude. I'm staying at my house tonight. >> It's cheaper. I already paid for that one. Well, it's cool. And, you know, a family like that that's happy and that just has a good time and that's just genuinely nice, you know, that that they could, you know, rather than some people kind of getting upset that they're on camera or something that they are like I was like, "Oh, I'm sorry I ruined your first Skylander." I like, "No, now we got video of it." Like it's just such a cool, you know, just a way better way to think about it. And uh amazing. Loved it. All right. So, Disney ecosystem so magical. That is part of what makes it so fun. Not just going to the parks, but all the in between stuff, too. Absolutely. That wind is that wind is very, very windy. Very strong. Uh Josh, my goodness, just logged on. You're at my favorite resort. I'm booked there and my countdown is 755 days. Maybe you need to have more families into the stream. Everyone loved it. Well, they have to be okay with being on the stream. I mean, that was nice because we just ended up in the Skyliner together for, you know, a decent amount of time and they were nice and we're happy to chat. Man, that wind that's got to be that was like a 30 mph gust. Um, I don't know how I know that. I'm just guessing. But anyway, it was super fun. So, but yeah, I can't I can't just like randomly put people on. Disney doesn't want me to do that, but they obviously were were happy to be on. So, so yes, it's nice to have people on for sure. Okay. I thought the 24/7 relaxing stream was a cool idea, but I didn't realize how much I would use it. It's perfect for early mornings with a newborn. Thank you for all you do. Absolutely. I'm glad you guys enjoy the 24/7 stream. It's had its ups and downs, but I think overall people do enjoy it. And, you know, it it supports itself. like it makes enough money to pay for itself and then some. So that's good. I appreciate that. Like it's such a win-win because it's something we can provide for you guys as a service and it provides for us a little bit too. It's a way to use some of my footage in another way like in a different environment. Pop pop pop all day long. Sorry, that was Adam Sandler's mop mop mop song. Pop. Wait. 24/7 is where I hang out. You can find me there. 24/7. Noise. Noise. Oh, okay. I was too late. I was trying to get like a crowd-free picture of the pop and I almost had it and I just was too darn slow. Feel like that moment was a better answer than AI as to why you do this and the way you do it. You Oh, hi. You're not supposed to. Okay, I just Okay, I just stepped on this and I didn't mean to. And Wow. Okay. It's not what I wanted. Okay. Sorry. Um, you all are so awesome. Just keep doing what works for you. Thank you, Heather. I appreciate that. I appreciate that so so very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I got to like wipe my feet off here. Now I got all messy. That was weird. What the heck? >> I didn't even think I was going to go all muddy just walking around Disney. Let me wipe off my feet. >> I don't want to make a mess. >> There's your pizza. You want to bring it up to the room? I know. I missed the shadow boxes, too. Somebody told me that they had to send those back to somebody, like there was a museum that needed them back or something. I don't know if that was true, but I mean, it seems legit. All right, I guess I'm just going to have to wipe those off later. That was weird. Just walking in the walking in the mulch apparently was enough to like take it out. Oh, thanks, Bit Ritz. I appreciate that. You have a crowdfree picture of it. I see. Now I'm the one crinkling the water bottle. >> Penny Lane. >> One caveat. that I stayed with at Pop Century was in line at close of Epcot to ride Skylliner. Back when Lightning shut down the Skylander, I had to walk to a nearby hotel or a bus to get to Pop. Oh, you would think when the Skylliner shut down they would just start having buses to pop, wouldn't they? Maybe. I don't know. But this place is hopping. in my ears and my heart. >> Remember Temple Run? >> That's such a fun game. >> Why would I want to do it on here when I can do it on my phone? They usually do, but if the park is already closed, it gets tricky. Let's see some CRC screens. They reroute the buses in the sky and shut down, but it takes a while. I see. I see. >> Uh, the only CRT is not this one. >> Oh, no. Worky. No working. >> It's on. >> A hopefully that's not another CRP. Dad about 20 minutes from stepping in the first cabin to getting off the resort TV resort terminal. Okay. Thank you, Amar. I appreciate that. About 20 minutes. Okay. That's not bad. It's >> about the time of a bus ride. This arcade is so huge. See, if this keeps happening, like they're going to have plenty of people. Like, they're going to continue to have this here. Everybody loves arcades. Bring back Disney Quest, man. I don't care what you call it. Bring it back. Same air hockey. It's >> the best. Literally the best. >> Oh, Bill. I see. Okay. The buses were at the front. So, less steps to walk to the hotel. Yep. Makes sense. Makes sense. Yeah. All these are All these are LCDs. There's no Fiesta Fun Center, but it's a nice little arcade. No, but it's like you said, it is pretty nice. That's fun. This looks like it might have been retrofitted. Like that actually looks like an old old machine. Unless it's just a remake or something. It's a pretty nice little uh machine. >> What is it? >> I still play the newer version of BMK POTS. See? Nice. What do I just step on? Oh my gosh. I really just stepping on stuff. >> Yeah, there's something stuck to my foot. There we go. All right. Go to art of animation. See if that one still has the CRT. Yeah, we'll see. I don't know if I'm going to make it over there or not. I might shopping. It's like a warm jacket. We got to find their Skyliner section. 2026 Mickey. >> Yep. I do need some rest indeed. >> We'll get there. We'll get there. Well, luckily tonight shouldn't be late. So, tonight should not be late. >> Yeah, I missed the shadow box. I wish they could make some more. It's just so bland now. Oh well. All good things must come to an end, I guess. Pop century is where to stay for a pop closer door throwback. Used to be I do like the merch. >> How long did it take to make you let How long did it take for you to take to make the drive back home? About 20 minutes. I'm pretty close. Yep. They took the shadow boxes out. Bunch of Toy Story stuff back there. Baby load. >> At least they still have the music. But yeah, like >> like I don't mind the rethe, but like who thought who thought repainting the walls like this was better than having the history. It's probably just wallpaper anyway. I guess maybe it's actually painted. I don't know. It's hard to tell. Probably wallpaper. Uh >> yeah, that's wallpaper. >> That's what that is. That's why it's so patterned. It's wallpaper. Oh, maybe they'll do something else with it. Yeah, I'm glad it's around where the where the rooms are at least. Like I mean they could have at least kept the decades. It's just it's more that minim minimalist design all the all the the youngans like I was thinking recently because they have redone some of the terminals at Boston Logan airport they put a ton of retro arcade machines in some areas. Yay. How fun. I mean this is cool. This little LED thing is fun but just the whole decades thing is gone. Like that doesn't match the theme anymore. Yeah, I'm a fan of Star Tours. I know. Just add it to the list. Well, even if they had to put the shadow boxes away, they could have still kept some kind of a display about the decades here. Even behind the counter, there was all that history of Disney and everything. But again, that's not minimalist. I just don't know. Did the people that that like this kind of design, did they just have really sad childhoods or like what? Like they just were like everything should be so plain neato like look over here pen collecting but also green wall. >> All right let's go look more green walls. Okay so here's look at this. So, we're going to go over to to Art of Animation real quick. I want you to see the difference. And Art was opened in like what 2013 I think cuz the rest of the resort is is fine until somebody gets a hold of it and says, "Let's take the decades out and all this stuff." I don't know. I sound like old man yells at cloud. The Disney could easily duplicate the shadow boxes 100%. I could do it for them. I'd be happy to do it for them. I would happily duplicate those boxes for them or make my own decade boxes that you could get all kinds of stuff on eBay. And the nice thing about making those boxes is it doesn't have to work. You know, you get an old Game Boy, pay 10 bucks for one that doesn't work because you don't need it to work. You just need it to be pretty. >> National Beard Day. Oh, wow. >> So, yeah. Then when we go to Art of Animation, you're going to see a huge difference because you're going to see um you're going to see a lot more um just a lot more like design elements and stuff. I mean, kind of like this. This is kind of the what the resort was. I'd have extra Nintendo games. Yeah, for sure. You minimalist. Who hurt you? Let us have our decorations back. I know. That's my thing. Like, what? You know, I have extra C64s. There you go. And again, you could put a C64. We could you could buy non-working 664 as long as it looks nice for like 50 bucks maybe or less. Buy a non- workinging one. And what a cool what a cool use for all that non-working tech just to be displayed because you don't have to tell people it doesn't work. Just go on eBay and buy it cheap because you know it can't be sold as a working item. Like I don't care if it works or not as long as it's pretty. >> My dad literally told kids to get off his lawn. That's awesome. Hey, Ginger. All right, let's go. Let's go down to Art of Animation real quick and just see the difference. I'm a having maximalist. Me, too. Apparently, Jinz is more maximalist. So, hopefully it'll come back once they get in charge of stuff. Jinzy gives me hope. They like malls. I've heard they like malls. That makes me happy. Hey, Kit. Edwin, I would fix the C64 and use Well, there you go. I mean, you can for sure. I'm just saying if it was just going to be for display, you wouldn't have to have it working. >> Just would need to look nice for everybody to enjoy. >> I mean, they could even rotate the stuff every once in a while for people to be like, "Oh, I remember that." >> 50 is my set favorite section. Yeah. Oh, it's nice we got up here to prefer to not having as long of a walk. Yeah, I mean the the 50s is a little further away. I don't know where the minimalistic core came from. None of the millennials I know like it. I know. And it's easy to blame millennials, but I think it's just a very specific subset because I I don't Yeah, I don't think a lot of the millennials like it either. >> So, I don't know. >> Okay. >> Hey, Dan. >> Was pleasure chatting with you. Have a great night. Take care. What? >> I broke you. >> I broke you. >> All right. I don't have time to do much touring at this resort, but we'll do a little. Oh, you got new fiber internet. I love my fiber internet when it works. I sound like the guy from Carousel Parus. >> Get over here. Give me the >> Disney ran off designers that went to Universal somewhat, but they do kind of go back and forth. I wouldn't completely blame Disney for that because there's times when, you know, they kind of willingly let the designers go back and forth a little bit because they, you know, there might be new, you know, there might be a time period where there's not as many projects at Universal at the time. So, yeah, who knows? >> Yeah, they're really close. >> I even said, "Hey, let's get >> I like it, but there's a time and a place for it." And a resort that's supposed to be over the top retro is most certainly not the place. Well, then there you go. Like I get it if somebody wants their house to be that way cuz Okay, I can kind of get it. Like if it's your house that's supposed to be your oasis of peace, you want it minimal. Like I can I can get on board with that. >> Squirt. Yeah, like at your house. Sure, I can totally get on board with that. probably for lower maintenance, I guess. So, but inside that lobby, like it had been like that for a long time. >> I don't know. I feel like that was part of the theming of the whole place was the decades and then it all comes together in the in the main hall. But wallpaper is cheaper. I guess >> the thing is that stuff would have never been okay in the '90s. All right. See, I'm glad they reopened this, though. Like, I mean, this was supposed to be the the Legendary Years. Um, which would have been interesting, but I don't think people I think it was a good call making this Art of Animation because I don't think the Legendary Years would not have resonated with people as much as the classic years from ' 50s to the '90s. a lot of people that resonates with whereas the generation that would remember you know the legendary years unfortunately are rapidly you know passing on and so I think the legendary years were the from the 1900s to 1940s so I think this was a great move but they've kind of kept it mostly the same remember the first time Steph and I went here just to explore it and we loved it and we stayed say to AOA I really enjoyed it. Eventually the food got repetitive. Jump on the skyline. You got so many options. Yeah, I think the food's just supposed to be serviceable here. It's a nice place to eat. Landscape of flavors. Nice place to eat. One of my favorites, actually. But I think the difference is yeah, it's it's not supposed to be gourmet. So yeah, definitely you know, you don't want to always eat here if you can help it. Buzz Lighter officially opens tomorrow. Yeah, technically been open for a while, but it's still nice. >> Allstar Sports has the best food court, huh, that's interesting. I believe you. Hi, Greg. So, like here immediately you see how nothing's boring. So much stuff everywhere. Beautiful stills from all the movies that make up this resort. So, it all ties together the resort in here. Even artwork up here. Big chandelier with artwork of all the movies that make up the resort. Giant color palette. That's how you do it. >> It's It looks so much more premium over here than what pop does. Do you guys see the difference? It's such a huge difference. Oh, something opens in May and Animal Kingdom Epcot. Yeah. And then all the artwork on the walls, too. I mean, it's very, very well done here. And I don't think this is high maintenance either, >> except for maybe the lights over here. >> We are down to just three Resort TV 1 streams going now, but we added the 247 ride stream on. Awesome. Yeah, go check out my 247 channel. I haven't talked about it much for a while, but the 24/7 channel is a lot of fun. There is a relaxing stroll stream on there. 24 hours of relaxing strolls that are just peaceful, nice strolls that you can just enjoy um with no talking. And then um the uh ride stream is 24 hours of rides in a random order. So, and then fireworks every night at 9:00. In fact, let's see what's playing tonight right now. Uh here. Okay, here's the channel. Oh, there's almost 10,000 subscribers over there. Go subscribe. Let's get to 10,000 on Resort TV 24/7. So, here here's the rides. Uh, hold on. Oh, there's no fireworks right now because the the server took over. Shoot. Hold on. Let me fix this. Sorry. Okay. I may have to fix that when I get home. Oh, I can fix it now. Please hold. Uh, okay. I have a backup server and it sometimes just takes over. >> Okay, that should fix it. >> Here, this should switch here in just a second. There it goes. I think it's Epcot Forever. Yeah, go subscribe over there. Resort TV 247. Let me uh let me see how how close we are. Also, my other channel, RetroTV1 Tech. Retro TV1 Tech. Um yeah. So, 9,99 subscribers. 9,99. Go subscribe. Now, this is like chef's kiss awesome in here. Should all be like this. found your channel through random searching and my wife found your info incredibly in-depth. Thanks for her nighttime adult Coco Melon. That's amazing. We try. A lot of times I just kind of, you know, like blah blah blah, but I'm glad it's I'm glad it's good. Sometimes I feel like I'm just going on and on. But thank you for being here. All right. So, we've got all the toys over here. Montreals and Montreals and trams and castles and Oh my. Oh, and here's a uh here's the castle game. Castle Monopoly. Disney World Monopoly. There's room for 10,000. Yeah, Shannon, you had to. You're right. It is required. >> That is indeed required. The other thing that's so so cool, >> I also appreciate your knowledge, your insight, and knowledge of the parks. Thanks. And Mr. Master wants to know where the pins are. You know, this place is cool, too. It's very well done. The clouds up there and all the artwork on the walls. This is by far my favorite room right here. Like, look at this painting. Come on. Isn't that amazing? >> We always used to eat in here. >> Back before Liam was born, Steph and I would come. We'd eat in here. It's when she decided to not go to the parks as much. So, we would come here sometimes and I get my Disney fix. Engraved ID tags. All right, we're going to go. >> We're going to go through the uh >> I don't see a pin board in here. >> Sorry. Nope, I don't see one. >> All right, we're going to keep >> going get a coffee. >> Keep going. >> We're going to head over with >> All right. The lighting is amazing. Here. Just a quick peek in here. and then we'll uh we'll figure it out. So, this is basically the same size as the other one. Okay, wait. We got to check and see if the CRT is on. Got to do it. Yeah. CRT. All right. So, there you go. That is your CRT report. They do definitely have one there. >> Oh, 11-11 likes. Make a wish. the member. >> Okay. So, uh let's see. Guess let's go this way since we went the other way last time. We probably won't make it in the Skylliner before the fireworks are over, but that's okay. But we are going to start heading back to Hollywood Studios and then I'll say good night from there. Watching on the bus back to Animal King Lodge. Thanks for all the adventures you take us on. Absolutely. Good. It was good to see you guys, Dr. Dad, and Family. The CRT report was brought to you by Retro TV1 Tech. Yes. I don't want to try and put family to bed. Yeah, that's hard. CRT is a cathode ray tube. The old kind of TVs that are really that are really um thick, deep um that are basically not the modern LCD, what we call like what you know people colloial colloquially call a flat screen. There CRTs are typically curved screen. Some of the newer ones had flat screens on them, but they're the really deep big old school TVs. Basically any TV before the modern HD era, right? Your original giant TVs or even the smaller ones. They had little 13-inch ones, old computer monitors. Those are all CRTs, cathode ray tube. It makes its light in a whole different way. There's a high voltage cathode ray gun and it shoots electrons at the screen and it's a whole thing. Do they have a rock? I think so. I don't know where though. I think there might be one like in contemporary or something. Yeah, CRTs. Exactly, Cathine. CRTs were old school computer monitors. Basically, anything that had a screen all the way back through to the 50s and 40s was a CRT. That was the only way of making a picture on a screen before LCD became a thing. So, LCD became a thing, you know, in the 80s and 90s. Uh and then it became more prevalent after that. LCDs were first used on what? Lap well laptops. I think laptops, video game systems, uh and then eventually TVs when they started to be able to make them big enough. Highde TVs. Yeah, laser discs and high def TVs. She fell asleep just before dinner, so therefore didn't go to bed until late. Theoretically, she should go to bed easily. Well, we'll see. She'll be all right. Sounds like she's a tough to get to bed. Luckily, Liam's not really that much anymore. He he he plays pretty hard all day and he works pretty hard and studies and everything and so he just he just he pretty much just goes to bed when it's time. >> We didn't even have a car phone. wife was wondering what themes were replaced. We're staying there in the winter and we're shocked by Radiator Springs. Um, no. So, nothing at Art of Animation was replaced. Everything's still the same. It's Pop Century. Just the main the main lobby was changed where they don't have the decades and stuff in there anymore with all the shadow boxes of the retro tech in there anymore. The themes of the of Pop are still the same, too. All that's the same. So, that's the good news. We might catch a firework or two. We'll see. >> All right. >> But anyway, I hope you guys have enjoyed the stream. I'll take I'll take you back with me to Hollywood Studios and then say good night. I'm going to get some rest. You're here. >> Hello. >> Cosmic Ray CRT repairs. Nice. Hi. Have this one. >> Thank you. >> All right. Here we go. Oh, my knee. That's great. I couldn't see Toy Story and Fantasia. We might have gotten turned around. Nope. You're all good. Step count. Oh, good. Good question. Hold on. Uh oh. 12,350. Nice. I promise. >> Welcome aboard the Disney Skyliner at Disney's Pop Century Resort and Disney's Art of Animation Resort. We are on our way to Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort with connecting flights to Disney's Hollywood Studios and Epcot International Gateway. We are now gliding over Hourglass Lake. Please sit back, relax, and enjoy the most magical flight on Earth. David. Oh, I forgot you didn't like this. Well, you don't David, you don't take any Disney transportation, right? I grew up on CT CRT before they were remote controls. Oh, yeah. I was the remote control. Yeah, for sure. Check my heart rate right now. I don't know. Let me see. 85. It's not bad. I was kind of hustling to get over here. Okay. Uh we might might might see some fireworks here in just a second. Um, no. Yeah, I don't think we're going to be far enough down to see them. It should be just over there. >> In just a few moments, we will be arriving at Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort. All passengers must disembark or transfer at this station. We hope you enjoyed your journey and thank you for flying the Disney Skyliner. >> There's so many reflections in this place. You can't really get around the reflections. It's so bright in here. Goodness. I'm going be hearing it tonight. My house is kind of on a hill. >> Please remain seated until the doors automatically open. When exiting the cabin, please supervise children. Collect your belongings and watch your step. Thank you for flying with us. Hey, necrophobic. >> Thank you. >> Have a good day. >> You, too. What gimbal are you using? It's very steady and smooth in your videos. Um, it's a MOSA Mini MX. M O ZA. MOSA Mini MX. I don't know if they even sell them anymore. I bought two extra ones on Amazon because I thought maybe they were not making them anymore. So, I just like bought a couple extra cuz, you know, they don't last forever. This one seems to be okay for now. It got a little creaky for a while, but it seems to have figured itself out. I may have to switch eventually to a different kind cuz my uh my u my phone now is a little out of balance because of the way the cameras are on the new S26 Ultra. So, I don't know. Hello. >> All right, heading to studios. Oh, wow. It's Statler and Waldorf. Have fun. >> Hello. >> Thank you. >> All right, last one. You guys get to >> get to stare at me again. Mons are okay, but lift is usually faster. Yeah, but Montreals are cheaper and really fun. I usually I used to take buses, but I avoid them now. It just takes too long. That's fair. Yeah, we did do a a test um several years ago. My friend Tsh and I did the uh we did the all all day every ride challenge before I even really had a YouTube channel. And um I mean I had a channel, but I wasn't really doing live streams on it or anything. But the point is we did this this uh challenge and before we were doing it, we kind of practiced it and we realized that like taking Disney transportation was almost always slower than just getting in getting in the car and driving. So that's what we ended up doing is just getting in the car and driving. >> So you were right about that. Gentlemen and islanders of all ages, welcome aboard the Disney Skyliner at Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort. We're flying to Disney's Hollywood Studios. Makes me feel when somebody says, "What's CRT?" I know, right? That was a dark and stormy night. >> Oh, thanks. >> Throughout his life, Skylander lady, you scared you had a passion for animals and the natural world. >> Today, we are traveling through one of the many protected wetlands here at Walt Disney World Resort. If you're lucky, you might spot some of the happiest wildlife on Earth. I don't know when they'll open the new land. We need to have a Statler and Waldorf go to the parks live stream. But that's funny. Yeah, I'm so excited to go to Disney. Yeah, Necrophobic. I mean, you're going to have a great time. We're just kind of cruising along kind of slow. There's not really much to see. You can kind of see Hollywood Studios in the distance, but that's about it. Now, I will say the Skylander is one of the coolest things Disney's done. I know I was really hard on Disney for the pop century, but they have done a lot of really good things. This is just uh the Skylander is a great thing. Like I said, I before I know why they couldn't do the Montreal. Was it like a hundred million a mile or something like no business can invest that right now in this kind of stuff? Like that's, you know, but but the Skyliner was was, you know, still expensive, but what they somebody say 10 million a mile. So that's literally 10% of the cost. Makes sense. In just a few minutes, we will be arriving at Disney's Hollywood Studios. Whether you plan to visit a galactic outpost or play with all of Andy's toys, at Disney's Hollywood Studios, everyone can become the stars of their favorite cinematic stories. >> Ever considered Disney Springs Book Resort for Tranquil Tuesday? Yeah, we've done it a few times. In fact, we did Martyra at the boat resorts not too long ago. >> Before you walk the red carpet, remember to double check your starstudded itinerary using your My Disney Experience mobile app. >> All right, David. I could go up to people on the grasses that we've got in my lawn. I think we'd get in trouble for disrupting the piece probably. That would be funny. If little patience were waiting 88 days, well, you're getting there. >> Ladies, gentlemen, and members of the academy, welcome to Disney Hollywood Studios. >> A thanks if you can dream it. Thank you so much. It's been a great evening for sure. Can I see my car? No, it's on the other side. >> Please remain seated until the doors automatically open. When exiting the cabin, please supervise children, collect your belongings, and watch your steps. Thank you for flying with us. Cheers. >> Thank you. >> David wants me to dress up as Kevin or or Russell. Yeah, I don't know. Uh will J have a stream tomorrow? I'm not sure. Uh, watch out for the announcements. Could be coming soon. >> And now everybody's leaving Hollywood Studios, so it's going to take a little while for everybody to get out. Oh, wow. Look at everybody coming. We're bolted to the seats. That's right. The good news is Oh my Oh my gosh. Wow. That must be the postfantasmic crowd. The good news is uh we don't have to get back on that. My gosh. >> Yeah, if you're riding the Skyliner at night, I would just I would recommend hanging out in the in the park for a little longer. >> But either way, it's been a fun night >> and uh we'll see you next time. A flood of a flood of people. Yes, indeed. >> Walking with the cattle. Yeah, for sure. Kathleen, that's how you felt walking around Chicago. I get it. All right. So, definitely thank you for watching. Definitely check out all of our awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below. Let's see which ones did we not get to yet. We have um we have Davis DBC Rentals. DBCrequest.com/tv. That's dbcrequest.com/tv. Go check them out. Tell them Resort TV1 sent you. That's Davis DBC Rentals at DBCrequest.com/tv. We also have um what's the next one? We also have the uh >> oh, behind the Ride. We also have Behind the Ride on Amazon and Disney Demystified on Amazon. So, behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Go check them out. Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Those are two great books about how Walt Disney World was created. There's even an audio book, so go check it out. Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Yeah, I'm glad. All I have to do is get in my car to leave. I don't have to wait on any transportation. Hopefully, it won't take too long to get out of the park. I think that'll be pretty easy. But either way, go check it out. Disney Demystified or Behind the Ride. Also, bye, Necrophobic. Bye, everybody. Bye. Bye, Tom Pinkerton. And stay with me. We're going to go all the way over to um the uh Resort TV 247 channel. Go ahead and go over there. Resort TV 247. But what else do we have? Um we also have um I talked about Park Snacker already. Go check them out. Park Snacker on the app store. Uh all about all your favorite snacks inside the parks and you can you can like even plan ahead for what snacks you definitely want to have. So hard keeping track of all the snacks in the parks. Park Snackers is a great app for that. Also, you have um you have uh layer 1 technology. If you need IT support for your small or mediumsiz business here in Central Florida, go check out layer 1 technology. That is layer 1 techchnology.com or email them at supportlayer1 technology.com. We also have Dreamtable. It's an app that will get you reservations for all the hardest to find restaurants at Walt Disney World and all the Disney parks around the world. Just go to the app store and search for Dream Table. We also have um who else do we have? Uh I think that's it. Did I miss anybody? Yeah. And then we have our then we have our platinum members. So platinum members support us with $50 a month on YouTube. We appreciate that so so very much. Platinum members, thank you so much. Um, so we've got Go Mini, uh, Haley Noel Leblanc, Grey Rose Adventures, Tad Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Stephanie Mertz, Dian 515, Jack Spar, Sorcerer, Mickey, Mike Crazy, Going Up Live, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jaylen Moxy, Cicander, Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali, Verismo, and Alan J for our platinum members. Thank you to all of you. Thank you to our Patreon members for staying on Patreon. I do need to make some more videos with that. I will soon. Patreon members, thank you for supporting us as well. We had a couple new ones tonight. That was awesome. It's a great way to support us and there's a ton of videos up on Patreon for you to enjoy as well that are just extra little extra things. Uh and then there's also um definitely go check out um our our membership options here on YouTube. You can be a member on YouTube uh $5, $10, whatever you want to do, or just enjoy the streams. Share us out. Uh what was the other thing? Oh, moppers. Thank the moppers. Thank you moppers so much for being here. That's our moderators that keep the streams familyfriendly and calm and respectful all the time. It's our moppers. Thank you, moppers. All right, we'll see you guys soon. Thanks for watching everybody. I have to move the the windcreen on this new phone now. It's my only complaint about it. Anyway, thanks for watching. We'll see you uh Friday Night Live. Jenna might see you tomorrow. I think she streams tomorrow. We'll see. Anyway, um just stay tuned to Resort TV1 for this and um stay tuned because we're going to send you over to the 247 channel and you'll get to enjoy some relaxing strolls over there. So, subscribe to the 247. It's a lot of fun. We love it. So, anyway, definitely um check it out and uh we'll see you in the next stream. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a look great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. There's a lot going on. It's around midnight walking down. Oh my god.
