---
video_id: C6vxFaLJ7qg
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Friday Night Live Stream Announcement - 1-9-26 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-01-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6vxFaLJ7qg
---
And guess what day it is? That's right. And guess what day it is? That's right. And guess what day it is? That's right. It's Friday Night Live. And we're really It's Friday Night Live. And we're really It's Friday Night Live. And we're really excited tonight to be doing our Friday excited tonight to be doing our Friday excited tonight to be doing our Friday Night Live stream from Epcot. That's Night Live stream from Epcot. That's Night Live stream from Epcot. That's right. We're going to have a nice right. We're going to have a nice right. We're going to have a nice relaxing evening at Epcot tonight relaxing evening at Epcot tonight relaxing evening at Epcot tonight starting at 6:00 p.m. as usual. And we starting at 6:00 p.m. as usual. And we starting at 6:00 p.m. as usual. And we decided to do Epcot tonight because decided to do Epcot tonight because decided to do Epcot tonight because Jenna is going to be running the 10K Jenna is going to be running the 10K Jenna is going to be running the 10K race this morning. Actually, by now she race this morning. Actually, by now she race this morning. Actually, by now she will have already finished the race uh will have already finished the race uh will have already finished the race uh because you're going to be watching this because you're going to be watching this because you're going to be watching this at 9:00 a.m. Eastern time and the race at 9:00 a.m. Eastern time and the race at 9:00 a.m. Eastern time and the race will be, I think, over by by now. So will be, I think, over by by now. So will be, I think, over by by now. So anyway, the point is um she wanted anyway, the point is um she wanted anyway, the point is um she wanted something a little bit chill because uh something a little bit chill because uh something a little bit chill because uh you know it's going to be a big race for you know it's going to be a big race for you know it's going to be a big race for her and she might be a little bit tired her and she might be a little bit tired her and she might be a little bit tired at the end of it. So, but we wish her at the end of it. So, but we wish her at the end of it. So, but we wish her and Dale luck and we cannot wait to hear and Dale luck and we cannot wait to hear and Dale luck and we cannot wait to hear a little bit more about the race uh a little bit more about the race uh a little bit more about the race uh tonight on the stream. So, she'll talk tonight on the stream. So, she'll talk tonight on the stream. So, she'll talk about that, her experience and of course about that, her experience and of course about that, her experience and of course I'm sure there'll be a vlog coming of I'm sure there'll be a vlog coming of I'm sure there'll be a vlog coming of her race experience and all of those her race experience and all of those her race experience and all of those things. And uh I believe later in the things. And uh I believe later in the things. And uh I believe later in the spring, whenever the next race is, spring, whenever the next race is, spring, whenever the next race is, April, I'm not exactly sure. Uh Jen and April, I'm not exactly sure. Uh Jen and April, I'm not exactly sure. Uh Jen and I will be running it together for I will be running it together for I will be running it together for charity. So, that'll be a lot of fun. charity. So, that'll be a lot of fun. charity. So, that'll be a lot of fun. So, uh stay tuned for that. So, I'll So, uh stay tuned for that. So, I'll So, uh stay tuned for that. So, I'll finally get to do a race as well. But, finally get to do a race as well. But, finally get to do a race as well. But, um in the meantime, we'll enjoy Friday um in the meantime, we'll enjoy Friday um in the meantime, we'll enjoy Friday Night Live tonight at 600 p.m. Eastern Night Live tonight at 600 p.m. Eastern Night Live tonight at 600 p.m. Eastern time at Epcot. Can't wait. Just enjoy time at Epcot. Can't wait. Just enjoy time at Epcot. Can't wait. Just enjoy the sights, the sounds, some of the the sights, the sounds, some of the the sights, the sounds, some of the relaxing rides, and of course, Luminous relaxing rides, and of course, Luminous relaxing rides, and of course, Luminous at 9:00 p.m. Eastern time. It's back at at 9:00 p.m. Eastern time. It's back at at 9:00 p.m. Eastern time. It's back at because of the festival, the holidays, because of the festival, the holidays, because of the festival, the holidays, and the candle light and all that stuff, and the candle light and all that stuff, and the candle light and all that stuff, but it's back at 9:00. So, uh definitely but it's back at 9:00. So, uh definitely but it's back at 9:00. So, uh definitely can't wait to enjoy all of the Epcot can't wait to enjoy all of the Epcot can't wait to enjoy all of the Epcot festivities. They even have the original festivities. They even have the original festivities. They even have the original Epcot uh Beacon of Magic show, not the Epcot uh Beacon of Magic show, not the Epcot uh Beacon of Magic show, not the original, sorry, the Epcot 40th original, sorry, the Epcot 40th original, sorry, the Epcot 40th anniversary Beacon of Magic show back anniversary Beacon of Magic show back anniversary Beacon of Magic show back with all the classic Imagination and with all the classic Imagination and with all the classic Imagination and Horizons and Veggie Veggie Fruit Fruit Horizons and Veggie Veggie Fruit Fruit Horizons and Veggie Veggie Fruit Fruit and all that cool stuff. So definitely and all that cool stuff. So definitely and all that cool stuff. So definitely want to check out that show on Spaceship want to check out that show on Spaceship want to check out that show on Spaceship Earth at sometime tonight as well Earth at sometime tonight as well Earth at sometime tonight as well because it's only around when there's no because it's only around when there's no because it's only around when there's no festival. And as you guys know, there's festival. And as you guys know, there's festival. And as you guys know, there's pretty much always a festival at Epcot. pretty much always a festival at Epcot. pretty much always a festival at Epcot. So it'll be really nice to um enjoy that So it'll be really nice to um enjoy that So it'll be really nice to um enjoy that show for part of the nonfestestival show for part of the nonfestestival show for part of the nonfestestival time. So, definitely join us tonight, time. So, definitely join us tonight, time. So, definitely join us tonight, be sure to check out all of our awesome be sure to check out all of our awesome be sure to check out all of our awesome sponsors. Um, but before we do that, sponsors. Um, but before we do that, sponsors. Um, but before we do that, actually, I will be live tomorrow for actually, I will be live tomorrow for actually, I will be live tomorrow for Saturday Night Live, and I'll be live Saturday Night Live, and I'll be live Saturday Night Live, and I'll be live tomorrow uh at some point. I'm not tomorrow uh at some point. I'm not tomorrow uh at some point. I'm not exactly sure. Liam's got an audition exactly sure. Liam's got an audition exactly sure. Liam's got an audition actually for a musical he wants to be actually for a musical he wants to be actually for a musical he wants to be in. And so, we're not exactly sure the in. And so, we're not exactly sure the in. And so, we're not exactly sure the timing on some of that. So, um it just timing on some of that. So, um it just timing on some of that. So, um it just depends. I'm aiming to be doing an depends. I'm aiming to be doing an depends. I'm aiming to be doing an evening stream. The plan is to go to evening stream. The plan is to go to evening stream. The plan is to go to Magic Kingdom since tomorrow will be one Magic Kingdom since tomorrow will be one Magic Kingdom since tomorrow will be one of the last days the decorations will be of the last days the decorations will be of the last days the decorations will be up. They might be up Sunday as well, but up. They might be up Sunday as well, but up. They might be up Sunday as well, but it'll be one of the last days I can go. it'll be one of the last days I can go. it'll be one of the last days I can go. So, it'll be kind of my farewell to So, it'll be kind of my farewell to So, it'll be kind of my farewell to Christmas. I know that seems kind of odd Christmas. I know that seems kind of odd Christmas. I know that seems kind of odd being so late in the year. Uh, but yeah, being so late in the year. Uh, but yeah, being so late in the year. Uh, but yeah, definitely will be sometime at Magic definitely will be sometime at Magic definitely will be sometime at Magic Kingdom tomorrow on Saturday. So, Kingdom tomorrow on Saturday. So, Kingdom tomorrow on Saturday. So, definitely join me tomorrow, hopefully definitely join me tomorrow, hopefully definitely join me tomorrow, hopefully in the evening, but if not, it'll be in the evening, but if not, it'll be in the evening, but if not, it'll be earlier in the day at Magic Kingdom and earlier in the day at Magic Kingdom and earlier in the day at Magic Kingdom and that'll be our Saturday stream. So, join that'll be our Saturday stream. So, join that'll be our Saturday stream. So, join me for that. Uh, time will be announced. me for that. Uh, time will be announced. me for that. Uh, time will be announced. Definitely make sure you're following us Definitely make sure you're following us Definitely make sure you're following us on all the social media uh as well as on all the social media uh as well as on all the social media uh as well as here on YouTube for the community posts here on YouTube for the community posts here on YouTube for the community posts and all that so that you know exactly and all that so that you know exactly and all that so that you know exactly when the stream will be so you don't when the stream will be so you don't when the stream will be so you don't miss it. So, it'll be a lot of fun to miss it. So, it'll be a lot of fun to miss it. So, it'll be a lot of fun to say goodbye to Christmas and all the say goodbye to Christmas and all the say goodbye to Christmas and all the beautiful Christmas decorations until uh beautiful Christmas decorations until uh beautiful Christmas decorations until uh I would say next year, but actually I would say next year, but actually I would say next year, but actually until a little bit later this year when until a little bit later this year when until a little bit later this year when uh when they start Christmas decorating uh when they start Christmas decorating uh when they start Christmas decorating in November again. So, that'll be a lot in November again. So, that'll be a lot in November again. So, that'll be a lot of fun. But either way, definitely, like of fun. But either way, definitely, like of fun. But either way, definitely, like I said earlier, check out our awesome I said earlier, check out our awesome I said earlier, check out our awesome sponsors. Links are in the description sponsors. Links are in the description sponsors. Links are in the description down below. We've got mickeytras.com and down below. We've got mickeytras.com and down below. We've got mickeytras.com and mikblog.com for all of the best in mikblog.com for all of the best in mikblog.com for all of the best in Disney news as well as Disney vacation Disney news as well as Disney vacation Disney news as well as Disney vacation planning. When you want to plan your planning. When you want to plan your planning. When you want to plan your next trip to Walt Disney World or any next trip to Walt Disney World or any next trip to Walt Disney World or any Disney park or cruise, check out Disney park or cruise, check out Disney park or cruise, check out mickeytras.com. mickeytras.com. mickeytras.com. Also, be sure to check out Also, be sure to check out Also, be sure to check out resorttv1homes.com if you want to find resorttv1homes.com if you want to find resorttv1homes.com if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida. your dream home here in Central Florida. your dream home here in Central Florida. That's resorthomes.com That's resorthomes.com That's resorthomes.com and we'll help you find that dream home. and we'll help you find that dream home. and we'll help you find that dream home. We are brokered by EXP Realy. So, go We are brokered by EXP Realy. So, go We are brokered by EXP Realy. So, go check us out at resorttv1homes.com. check us out at resorttv1homes.com. check us out at resorttv1homes.com. Click on contact us and have one of our Click on contact us and have one of our Click on contact us and have one of our expert realtors help you find your dream expert realtors help you find your dream expert realtors help you find your dream home close to the magic here at Walt home close to the magic here at Walt home close to the magic here at Walt Disney World. We also have David's DVC Disney World. We also have David's DVC Disney World. We also have David's DVC rentals, dvcrequest.com/tv. rentals, dvcrequest.com/tv. rentals, dvcrequest.com/tv. If you want to rent a DVC room for a If you want to rent a DVC room for a If you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, even if you're not fraction of the cost, even if you're not fraction of the cost, even if you're not a member, David's DVC rentals at a member, David's DVC rentals at a member, David's DVC rentals at dvcrequest.com/tv. Uh we also have Behind the Ride on Uh we also have Behind the Ride on Uh we also have Behind the Ride on Amazon. That's behind the Ride if you Amazon. That's behind the Ride if you Amazon. That's behind the Ride if you want to find out how all your favorite want to find out how all your favorite want to find out how all your favorite rides were created. Also Disney rides were created. Also Disney rides were created. Also Disney demystified. Again, a little bit more demystified. Again, a little bit more demystified. Again, a little bit more information behind the scenes about how information behind the scenes about how information behind the scenes about how all your favorite Disney rides were all your favorite Disney rides were all your favorite Disney rides were created. Lots of great stuff there. And created. Lots of great stuff there. And created. Lots of great stuff there. And Dream Table, if you want to find out Dream Table, if you want to find out Dream Table, if you want to find out about how to find reservations, the about how to find reservations, the about how to find reservations, the hardest to find reservations um at hardest to find reservations um at hardest to find reservations um at Disney and any of the Disney parks, Disney and any of the Disney parks, Disney and any of the Disney parks, definitely check out Dreamtable on the definitely check out Dreamtable on the definitely check out Dreamtable on the App Store. So, just go ahead and go to App Store. So, just go ahead and go to App Store. So, just go ahead and go to the app store, search for Dreamtable. the app store, search for Dreamtable. the app store, search for Dreamtable. It's an awesome app. Finds all the It's an awesome app. Finds all the It's an awesome app. Finds all the reservations for you, and then notifies reservations for you, and then notifies reservations for you, and then notifies you when it finds them. So, super cool you when it finds them. So, super cool you when it finds them. So, super cool there. Uh and then we also have layer 1 there. Uh and then we also have layer 1 there. Uh and then we also have layer 1 technology. Uh if you need support, IT technology. Uh if you need support, IT technology. Uh if you need support, IT support for your small or medium-sized support for your small or medium-sized support for your small or medium-sized business, just go to uh layer onetone business, just go to uh layer onetone business, just go to uh layer onetone technology.com. So, thank you to all of technology.com. So, thank you to all of technology.com. So, thank you to all of awesome sponsors and uh thank you to all awesome sponsors and uh thank you to all awesome sponsors and uh thank you to all of you for watching and we'll see you of you for watching and we'll see you of you for watching and we'll see you tonight at 600 p.m. Eastern time at tonight at 600 p.m. Eastern time at tonight at 600 p.m. Eastern time at Epcot. So, for now, have a great big Epcot. So, for now, have a great big Epcot. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Now that beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Now that beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Now that you finished watching this video, be you finished watching this video, be you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you sure that you're subscribed so that you sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, can get all the latest updates. Also, can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our check out some other great videos on our check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big, beautiful channel. Have a great big, beautiful channel. Have a great big, beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
