---
video_id: _YB9tjU6fLU
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: An Extended Tranquil Tuesday at the Magic Kingdom -Walt Disney World - 3-17-26"
published: 2026-03-18
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YB9tjU6fLU
---
Start stuff. There's no water. >> Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I am live for Tranquil Tuesday here at the Magic Kingdom. Welcome in, guys. Thanks for joining me for Tuesday night, St. Patrick's Day at the Magic Kingdom. And happy Saint Patrick's Day, everybody. I am wearing a green shirt under my sweater. It's not cold, but it's going to once the sun gets down. It's going to cool down a lot tonight. It's going to be down, I don't know, in the the low 40s tonight, I think. So, we'll have to uh bundle up a little bit. But either way, it's going to be a nice relaxing night. And I thought normally I don't come to Magic Kingdom on Tuesdays because it's just hard for me when I have to go to school the next day. It makes for a very short night. But I don't have to go to school tomorrow cuz I am on spring break. So, thought let's do magic tonight since I can stay late. And then of course a lot of Tuesdays in the fall has Halloween and Christmas parties. So >> then I can't do it either. >> So they're still working on the castle a little bit. The turrets still need to be finished but otherwise castle is looking pretty good. Max is here celebrating not only St. Patrick's Day but your birthday. Hey, happy birthday Max. Low floor. Low low30s in Northwest Florida. Wow. Hey, Lewis. Plymouth Rock. Hello. Hello. Green food. Yeah, I don't know. We'll see. I do not like them, Sam. I do not like green food and ham. All right. >> Uh, Necroic, I think. Uh, I have spring break. How's yours? Yes, it's going great. So far, your sister's cat's birthday. Nice. Happy birthday to cardboard box's sister's cat. Arita, Cara, John, Piro, Heather, Alycats, Aunt Becky. That's looking good. 20 in Tennessee. Yeah, the cold fronts usually don't come at least down here this late, but we have um A little bit of a later cold snap, which is not too bad. It'll be warmed up in a couple days. Thank you for the stream. I needed this for tonight. Long day as a teacher. I know you get it. We don't have a spring break and I have jury duty. Oh my goodness. No spring break. Oh, sorry. Daddy and Disney. Disney fanatic. Hi. Hi. Yeah. Anyway, castle's looking good. >> I need to post my castle update video. Maybe it's too late now. It's actually not that much different. I may just go and post it tomorrow morning. the one that I I'm not gonna do one right now because it's too similar. But the one that I filmed Saturday, I've been working on other stuff and haven't had a chance to do it. Sun is bright. Oo, that's a good shot. Just in the shade here with the When you're in the shade and the castle's not in the shade, it gives really great color. Yeah, that's nice. >> They still have to paint it. They primed it. Is that what it was? Yeah, I thought so, too. I'm not sure. Maybe they're they may be adding another coat on it. We'll see. Either way, it looks nice. It's definitely different with the uh with the gray back instead of the pink. So, I think it looks nice. >> Try to get it. I would still post it no matter how late it is simply because people that are following uh will be waiting for any part final parts. That's a good point. So, I'll probably do this one and then one more when it's completely done, depending on how many extra coat extra coats they do. >> Oh, is there a band coming down the road? We can check that out real quick. Hold on. >> Oh, cool. >> I don't know where they are. Maybe they're doing Oh, they might be doing the loop. They might be doing the loop down Main Street. Take a look at this real quick. >> Hey, Canadian Disney family. Hey, Tyler. Yeah, it looks nice with the blue for sure. The darker blue and the gray. You can still tell the back turret is a little darker. All right, let's go hear the band. >> I see here. >> Let's see. >> There it comes. Oh, they're playing the Mickey Mouse Club March. >> Where are they going? >> Oh, here they come. >> Oh, that's fun. So this picture behind this I'm sorry. That's fun. >> They got They got a few different songs. They play >> nice purple uniforms. Oh, there you go. How fun. No, Jenna's not going to have a stream tomorrow. It might be me. We'll see. Um cuz she said she had something going on. So, we shall see. They've got the uh older style marching drums where the they're kind of a a little lower, looser sound. The more modern drums are kind of that higher sound, which is what most of us use now or most of the bands use now. So, it's interesting. I haven't heard those kind of drums for a while. Depends on different parts of the different parts of the country, do it differently. They look like they're a little bit um older, more traditional style with the uh majorette uniforms and stuff like that. Probably from uh probably from the south, I bet. Hullsville. Is that Georgia? That makes sense. Anyway, it's just interesting how bands are different in different areas. Let's see. Let me look at the weight time. I mean obviously and you know gravitate towards TTA but do whatever we want. >> I know some people requested some things last time like carousel progress and some of that kind of stuff and we'll see what we can do to make that happen. Spring break crowds are here though. Yeah, everything's pretty busy. So let's do that. Let's do TTA since the sun is nice and bright and then we'll do carousel progress. All right. Yeah, we're on spring break. Liam and I >> CM previews for Buzz are coming up. Uh I haven't heard anything. So yeah, I mean we've got our cast member friends and you know if one of them uh decides to is able to or decides to invite us that's great. If not we'll we'll it opens. Oh a little little glitch in the matrix there. Hopefully it figures itself out. That's it. Still not really Still not really happy. There we go. Really struggling a little bit there. That's weird. Sometimes just coming over that Tomorrowland bridge really messes with the signal. Looks like we're back now, though. >> There's a booster over here. And it doesn't always switch smoothly onto the booster. The booster is on top of the restroom building over here. It does. Oh, it's still not quite getting it. That should do it. So weird. >> I kept thinking it would fix itself, but it is like, nope. I'm going to be stubborn. I'm going to stick to this one thing that's not working. That's the first time this phone has done that. But it's more of a cell phone issue than a than a phone issue. So, >> we'll catch up to you guys. made you laugh out loud for 10 seconds. Wow. What did I do? >> I already know. Was that funny? >> Oh, Bob Iger retirement. Yeah. Anyway, uh it'll be it'll be cool to see Buzz Lightyear. Like I said, we'll we'll see it whenever. Um hopefully if we get a preview, we'll go and if not, we'll uh we'll just uh go whenever it opens. >> That's insane, actually. These are all the children. >> So, um So Jenna will be alive u without me. I don't by by herself. She's usually not by herself. Um she um will be live by with you know without me on Friday because I'm going to be with Liam um and friends at uh Mega Con. So that's going to be fun. I've never been to Mega Con before. only got tickets for Friday because that's at when all the Transformer stuff is going on. Optimus Prime, voice of Optimus Prime, Peter Cohen's going to be there and uh several others. So, it'll be fun. They're doing a panel about um Transformers the movie. So, that'll be pretty awesome. Oh, Mommy Diva, just the way I say it. Oh, no. It's okay. I I wasn't offended at all. I just was confused. I didn't know I said anything funny. What was it I said that was funny? You said just the way that I say it, but then you didn't say what it was. So, I I guess I'll have to I'll have to take your word for it. What specific thing that I said was funny or how I said a certain thing a certain way. I don't know. I'm still confused. But that's okay. No, I'm not offended. I just like confused. Usually when I mean to be funny, I'm not though. So, pretty excited to go see Beach Boys with John Stamos. Nice. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Amanda won tickets this morning on 1077. Nice. Um yeah, Beach Boys and Jos Samos. That was a lot of fun. We went to see them um at Epcot a few months ago. I find stupid things really funny. It doesn't make any sense. No, that you're again not No problem at all. >> I actually just if I said something funny, I wanted to take credit for it. I was like, "Oh, I missed it." >> All right, you're turning Josh into Joe Pesky and good fellas. How am I funny? Yeah, exactly. I hope you guys are all having a great Tuesday. >> Oh, yeah. I love the Beach Boys. Yeah, Liam and I went to go see John Stamos and the Beach Boys. Um, when was that? Back in uh >> was it November? At the end of Food and Wine, I think. >> Either way, that was great. Enjoyed it. >> We are in line with you. Awesome. Everybody driving. >> Oh, he said, "Oop, a little glitch in the matrix." Oh, that's funny. Okay. Yep, I did say that. >> I totally forgot. >> Star for that's a um Yeah, I think he might be about right. Close to it for sure. >> He is tall for sure. I'm 5'8, so if that tells you or 5'9, so if that tells you anything, Past couple mornings the band had Mickey dancing with them at the castle and hub. That's fun. >> Uh the Disneyland band does that with characters quite frequently. I'm assuming later in the evening after the first Starlight the crowds will go down. We will see. Look at that. Look at that. I don't think I don't Big Thunder opens in early May. Did they announce it or are they just kind of like we're just kind of speculating based on what Disney said? >> Yeah. Exciting. >> And Mara's here. BBC Ashley's here. Welcome in, guys. And I know I've been doing a lot of Magic Kingdom lately, but I thought it was a good opportunity tonight um to do that. So, not that anybody complained about it. Just that, you know, actually nobody ever complains. Used to be when we were we were a newer channel, people would kind of complain if we'd go to Magic Kingdom too much, but nobody says anything anymore. So, that's I appreciate it. But, um I'm going to probably tomorrow, if I go live tomorrow, it'll probably be Hollywood Studios. And then if I do um and then um oh no sorry if I go live tomorrow might be Animal Kingdom actually. That's what you're talking about. I might do Animal Kingdom tomorrow and then um and then Jenna and I may have a special Thursday stream together. We'll see. Stay tuned. Also, don't forget about the uh brand new Resort TV 247 channel, but I've got the ride stream where you can watch your favorite rides 24 hours a day, which is pretty fun. So, yeah, Jen and I probably will be doing a Thursday if you're interested in that. We don't usually do a Thursday, but Thursday is a special day. I'm not crazy when y'all do six straight Halloween parties. I wish we could do that. I don't think we've ever been able to do that before, but that would be cool once they had that. I guess they used to have the party pass where you could go to all the Halloween parties, but we didn't even go to six parties total. But yeah, it's We love those parties. You both spread out going to all the parks including AK, which is refreshing. Thanks. We um everybody goes to Magic Kingdom or every streamer does cuz there's more to do here. But uh and Animal Kingdom just closes earlier. Like if I could start in the morning, I'd go there more often. But yeah, Animal Kingdom is fun though. We just don't get there as often cuz like I said, we're mostly evening. Tomorrow I have time, I can go a little earlier. Yeah. Happy St. Patrick's Day. I know Peter Colin from the Sunny Comedy Hour, Hudson Brothers. Oh, okay. Cool. I don't I don't know that show, but that's cool. If you annual passholders, do you have to reserve a certain part? Can you go anywhere? Um, so the um the way it is now, if you if you go after 2, it's kind of confusing, but if you go after 2 p.m., um you can go anywhere without a reservation, which is what I usually do except on Saturday. Oh, hello. I just stopped. Except on Saturday and Sunday. You have to have reservations for Magic Kingdom all day on Saturday and Sunday. Those are the busiest days here. >> But if you're going in the morning, you have to have reservations um all the time. >> Except for on the good to go dates, which is kind of random. >> Yeah, that's kind of how that >> works. the car. For your safety, remain at all times, arms, feet, legs, or otherages inside your car. >> Oh, no. I wish we did that many parties this year. We definitely definitely didn't. We had them spread out pretty good, I think, because they go the Halloween parties go through almost three months because they start second week of August and go through August, September, and October. But yeah, always fun. Please step carefully onto the moving platform. Step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times. Keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. Please stepfully for your safety. Remain seated at all times keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car and please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. Please carefully car. >> Hi Mary. Nice to see you. Nice to see you here. Hey Lesie. Stay clear. >> You can definitely feel the cooler air up here on the higher level. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors, which will open and close automatically. >> Hello, Steamboat. I'm Willie. Hello, Shirley. Please step carefully onto the main platform. Then step into the car. Uh >> one. >> Thank you. Okay, >> there we go. >> Carefully on the car. Remain seated at all times keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. and please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. carefully onto the moving platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keep your hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors, which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your charm. This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around the world. >> Greetings intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm 405 aboard this highway in the sky. the absolute best way to see tomorrow. My stars, is there ever lots to see? From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in tomorrowland. >> For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do a Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Trail. Transfer to Green and Red Line. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future right by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress C. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny borax. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except actual stars. Those are no motors. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speed competition. Space mountain line's intense. Attention all visitors for Galaxy F31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. This is Starboard 75 >> or as the locals call it space. Our highspeed rocket for distant deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The core rules of Pisces 7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Cook today. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah, Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. This is Starboard. >> Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep all safety vehicles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hopboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep you in the plan. And so is the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Jesus. Oh my on high or nine, take the time to see this show. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient earth forms, our people journey has nearly come full orbit. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you. And even though we're concluding, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. Today I'll see you in the future. will be open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with this by stepping away. Thank you. Please keep arms and titties and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> Please keep armed and others away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform. All right. Well, there you go. Sorry about the lag. I had to switch my connection around a little bit. It's uh with the higher crowds sometimes you got to switch things around to get it to work. So I did and it seems to be fine now. I've got one more thing I can do if it continues to be a little glitchy, but the one that I used when we started was the thing that I had been using. So I guess that's not the uh thing that's going to work tonight. So I am going to Let's see. I go do carousel progress, but I need to take a quick restroom break. Nope. I hear the train. We can do the train, too. That's another another thing that is um traffic jam. It's another thing that is uh lower lines. So, all right. >> Yes, that guy was very tall. Even the people mover is lined up much longer now than it was when we got onto it. Here, let's go over here real quick. Okay, I'll put on BRB for a second. Be right back. It's a real quick restroom break. I was kind of running short on time. Sorry, I was late. Um I Liam has karate, so I dropped him off at karate with Steph. Uh Steph had a doctor's appointment, so it was just one of those days where we were all we were all running around. Good news is Steph got some things figured out at her doctor's appointment. So we're hoping I don't want to go into specifics. I don't know if she wants me to, you know, tell everybody the whole thing. But anyway, she um she got some good or good news and some good solutions today. So, like I said, then I had to had to meet her and Liam. And Liam had karate, so he's got a belt promotion this weekend. So, we're hoping he can pass his test this week. >> Anyway, all right. Be right back. Enjoy the BRB music. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Hey. Heat. Heat. The next station is Walt Disney's Paris. As usual, And so my progress itself, >> welcome back everybody. You can see I have my got my green shirt on. It's a it's a Lucky Charms shirt, but I had to put my sweater on cuz it's a little cooler. But anyway, Lucky Charms. So there you go. Cuz I used to eat that for breakfast quite regularly when I was younger. So sorry, a little squinting because it's uh pretty bright right now. But anyway, let's go do Carousel of Progress. All right. >> Lucky me. All right, let me know guys in the chat. Are you wearing green today? And if you're not, did you forget or did you actively choose not to? It's okay either way. I'm not judging. It's a fun holiday, but it's not required for everybody to to celebrate or to wear the green if they don't want to. Just curious. Excuse me. No polish. Hey, that's all good. Oh, see we got three people with no stopping. So, we were lucky wearing my green Mimi shirt today. Okay. Not wearing green. I just forgot. I forgot. I work from home, so I didn't bother. Shamrock jewelry lay unworn this year. Thanks, Cynthia. All right, I'm going to go back here. I forgot, but I'm at home. That's okay. Again, no judgment, just curious. You guys wear whatever whatever you want. Okay, let's see. All right. It's extended tranquil Tuesday because normally I only go till like you know 9:30 so I can go later tonight cuz I don't have to work tomorrow carousel practice. It is a 20minut presentation. The theater will be rotating several times. Once the theater starts rotating, there is no exit. We ask you to please remain seated for the whole 20 minutes. If you're unable to stay for the whole presentation, please exit out through the doors located in the back. And we invite you to come visit us when you can stay for the entire presentation. Lots of people said they wore their green. >> Amy loves Disney wore it. >> Dapper Dave forgot. I'm celebrating my dog's third birthday. Happy birthday to your dog. All right, here we go. >> Once again, welcome to Wings Carousel Progress. We ask you parents to supervise your children to please remain seated at all times. Thank you. >> Welcome to Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. Oh, you're in for a real treat. The Carousel of Progress was Walt's own idea from beginning to end. He loved it. He introduced the show at the World's Fair in New York City in 1964, and it was an immediate smash hit. Millions of people came to see it. And since then, the Carousel of Progress has had more performances than any other stage show in the history of American theater. You know, Walt loved the idea of progress. And he loved the American family. And he himself was probably as American as anyone could possibly be. He thought it would be fun to watch the American family go through the 20th century, experiencing all the new wonders as they came. and he put them together in a show called Carousel of Progress, which we are now about to see. Although our Carousel family has experienced a few changes over the years, our show still revolves around the same theme, and that's progress. May the century begin tomorrow shining at the end of every day. There's a great big tomorrow and tomorrow is just a dream away. >> And when it becomes a reality, it's a dream come true for you and me. So there's a great tomorrow. Shining at the end of every day. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> It looks like the Robins are getting ready to celebrate Valentine's Day today. What year is it? Oh, right around the turn of the century. And believe me, things couldn't be any better than they are today. Yes, sir. Buildings are towering now as high as 20 stories. and moving pictures flicker up on a big screen. We have almost 8,000 automobiles in this country and we can travel by train from New York to California in less than 7 days. And I even hear tell about two brothers from North Carolina who are working on some kind of flying contraption. It'll never work. Closer to home, we've now got gas lamps, a telephone, and the latest design in cast iron stoves. And that reservoir keep five gallons of water hot in just three buckets of coal. Oh boy, it sure beats chopping wood. And isn't our new ice box a beauty? Look at that. Holds 50 lb of ice. Milk doesn't sour as quick as it used to. And our dog Rover here keeps the water in the drip pan from overflowing. It wasn't too long ago we had to carry water from a well. And thanks to Progress, we've got a pump right here in the kitchen. Of course, we keep a bucket of water handy to prime it with. Yes, sir. We've got everything we need to make life easier. >> Say, mother, >> I was reading about a fellow named Tom Edison who's working on an idea for Snap-On electric lights. >> Electric lights. No more kerosene. No more gas. >> Sarah sure gets the core of the >> But we do have this new wash day marble. Now it takes me only 5 hours to do the wash. Imagine it used to take two days. >> Well, that's right, folks. Now Sarah has time for other things like >> like canning and cleaning the oven. >> Yes, dear. >> Ovens don't just clean themselves, you know. >> I know, dear. And they probably never will. >> Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got to get the laundry off the line before it starts raining cats and dogs. >> Don't worry, Rover. She didn't mean real dogs. Besides, it's not going to rain today. My Lombago isn't acting up. >> I'm not going to say I told you so. Oh, I'm going to come down. All you have to do is put your wash on the line, right? Oh, well, the sistern was low anyway. >> Wow. We look at that. >> Now, James, I thought I told you to ask my permission before using my new stereoscope. That's not a toy, you know. >> La. So, that's Little Egypt doing a coochie. Hey, Dad. >> Isn't she a knockout? She's the star of the new World's Fair in St. Louis. And you put that away before your mother finds it. >> Oh, Dad. You heard me. Well, we have one of those new talking machines. Now, that is something. It plays music right here in our home. >> She keeps that thing going all >> Papa. >> Yes, Patricia. >> Papa. All these people. I'm I'm indeent. >> Don't worry, Patricia. They're friends. That's our teenage daughter. She's getting ready to go to a Valentine's dance across town on one of those new horseless trolleys. >> I think it's very romantic you're taking mother out for Valentine's dinner this evening. >> Well, you know what kind of sport I am? >> I only hope I have an evening as romantic as yours and mother. >> Now, you be home by 9:00, daughter. You hear me? >> Yes. >> Oh, well, with all this talking, I've worked up quite a thirst. I think I'll take one of those new Fangle trolleys down to the drugstore soda fountain and meet the boys for a cold sasparella. Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot. We're drinking root beer now. Same kind of thing, different name. Well, that's progress for you. And uh speaking of progress, there's a great big beautiful tomorrow shining at the end of every day. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow. And tomorrow is just a dream away. And that's the he beautiful tomorrow. At the end of every day, there's a great big beautiful tomorrow. Oh, just a dream away. >> Boy, hottest Fourth of July we've had in years. We've come a long way though since the turn of the century over 20 some odd years ago. You know that pilot fell Charles Lindberg? He's about to fly a single wing airplane all the way across the Atlantic. He's never going to make it. And sports stadiums are springing up all over. And boy, nobody hits that old horse high like that new fellow Babe Ruth. Jazz music is the cat's meow. And there's been ads in the paper for months for a movie starring Al Jolson. And he's going to talk and sing. Boy, I've got to see that. There goes Schwarz in his Hutmobile. He sure loves that horn. You know, in my new Essex, I've got an electric starter. Now I don't have to crank. We can travel from New York to Los Angeles by train in only 3 days. And we've got a house full of new electrical service. Mr. Edison sure added life to our home. Well, there you blow a fuse. It's the third one this week. I buy fuses by the case. Uhoh. And I blow the whole neighborhood again. and give that neighbor what? >> Easy, Rover. Jimmy, hurry up with that fuse. >> Shucks. Every time he has company, he blows a fuse. And guess who always has to change it? >> I heard that, young man. I heard that. >> Oh, well, that's more like it. John, yours is the last costume I've got to finish before the parade starts. Sarah's Ladies Club is responsible for our town's Fourth of July celebration tonight. She's got us all roped into performing in their program. >> I decided we're going as George and Martha Washington, dear. >> Oh, the father of our country. That's a role that really fits me. >> You know, >> I'm so glad we installed an electric light fixture here on the porch because it's just too darn hot to be sewing inside. >> Yes, Sarah. You know, next year I'd like to go as Benedict Arnold. Wait until you see what I've got planned for the fireworks show tonight. >> Rover, don't interrupt while Sarah's interrupting. >> And guess who volunteered to choose the music for the program? >> I did. Pop. Listen to this. >> Oh, that's a nice tune, Jimmy. >> You know, with our new Crossley radio set, we can get news and big time entertainment from all over the country, even Pittsburgh. We're starting to arrive downtown for our spectacular Fourth of July parade and fireworks event tonight. Mayor >> Oh, Patricia. >> Yes, father. >> Better get a move on. The radio says folks are arriving downtown. >> Do I really have to go? If my new boyfriend Theodore sees me in this, it'll scare him away. >> Well, dear, if that happens, you'll always have that torch you can carry for him. Thanks, father. >> Calm down, Rover. I was only kidding. By the way, we have indoor plumbing now. Oh, boy. That's really great on cold nights. Especially for our perennial house guest, old Uncle Orville. >> Uncle Orville's taken over the coolest spot in the house, of course. And he's rigged up a real clever contraption. He calls it air cooling. Too bad he's not reading the help wanted ads. >> No privacy. It's all around this flight. >> Sorry, Orville. You know, considering all the >> Oh, coming Martha. As I was saying, considering all the conveniences we now have, I'll say that we're really on easy street these days. It just can't get any better. Just goes to show that there's a great big beautiful shining at the end of every day. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow. That's the story with my heart. And when it becomes a reality, it's a dream come true for you and me. So there's a great big beautiful tomorrow shining at the end of every day. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Well, it's another Halloween here in the fabulous 40s. Everything is better than ever now, and we've got some amazing new wonders around the house to prove it. For instance, our refrigerator holds more food and ice cubes. And thanks to our automatic dishwasher, oh, I don't have to dry the dishes anymore after supper, gives Rover and me more time to enjoy our evening stroll together. Later, boy. Oh, and here's something else that's new. I just heard a new term today on the radio. Fella says, "We've got something now called the rat race." Did you ever hear that one? It sure describes my life. I'm involved in something now called commuting. I drive into the city for work all day and then turn right around and drive all the way back and the highway is crowded with fellow rats doing the same thing. >> That's what they call progress, dear. >> Yeah, I guess she's right. But we do have television when it works. Gives you something to do after you come home. I kind of like it. You know, guy named John Cameron Sees gives us all the news and then they have all this singing and dancing. A lot of fluff, but it's fun. You know, I predict the day when millions of people will learn Latin and Greek sitting in front of their TV sets. >> Are you awake, dear? >> Give him a left. >> Ah, yes. A new age of electronic civilization is upon us. >> Hey, Dad. What do you think of my jacko'lantern? >> Boy, that's scary. >> That's cuz I'm using my beautiful sister Patty's picture for a model. >> Down, Rover. Jim. Rover appreciates your joke. >> Now you're always kidding. Poor Patty. She's certainly prettier than either of you. You hear that? My daughter Patty is using that old exercise machine she rescued from the attic. Was all the rage in the 20s. Grandma, of course, had to have one. Didn't work then, doesn't work now. Consistent at least. Makes a lot of noise and blows fuses. >> As I was saying, Cat, I think college is really swell. You should give it a try. Oh, Patty, are you going to the Halloween party tonight? >> Oh, yes. And I'm hoping to lose a few more inches by then. It's like going with that green. >> Well, what a slug. >> He's coming up that headless horseman. What is this? Come on, Ben. That claw Howard you're going with is now Jack. >> Oh, poor Howard. I wonder what they said about me when I was dating Sarah. You're lucky, Rover. You don't have to date. >> Well, we're caught up in the do-it-yourself craze these days. We're remodeling our basement of something called a a rumpus room, and we're looking forward to a few rumpuses, I'll tell you. As long as they don't get out of hand. >> John, this papering is getting out of hand. I could use a little help. >> Now, Sarah, didn't I set up that clever automatic paint stirring machine for you? Yes, John. You're a genius. Of course, this will ruin my food mixer. Not that you'd care. >> Oh, good old Sarah. Always the last laugh. >> What happened, Sarah? >> Oh, you and your progress. That paint mixer of yours just slashed paint across my rump. A rumbus at room. >> How do you like that? I always say if you're going to be married, marry a girl with a sense of humor. Well, it's time to move on. Let's cheer up Sarah by singing our song. Come on everybody. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow shining at the end of every day. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow. And tomorrow's just a dream away. Man has a dream and that's the stars. >> It's a dream come true for you and me. So there's a great big beautiful shining at the end of every day. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Just a dream away. Isn't it a pleasant holiday? Oh, turkeys in the oven. It's peaceful and quiet. >> Yes. 300 points. My best score yet. >> Well, it was peaceful until Santa brought that new virtual reality space pilot game. >> Your turn, Grandma. Let's switch the image over to the TV so the resident flying ace can show you how it works. Now, it's a little tricky. Just use your game glove to fly behind the other guy and blast him with your laser blaster. >> Laser blaster? Well, I'll give it a try. >> Take a look around, Grandma. You're in the ship. >> Feels like I'm really there. >> Okay, get ready. You're about to blast off. >> Here goes nothing. Whoa. >> All right, here it comes. Oh, you missed him. >> Hey, everybody. I'm done programming our new voice activation system. >> Now, all our household items will do anything we tell them to do. >> Great. Tell the refrigerator to bring me a root beer. >> Well, it can't quite do that, but I'll show you. It can do. Tree lights 30% brighter. >> Oh, that's no big deal. Anybody can do that voice activated stuff. Watch this. Robert, >> speak. >> John, the oven should respond to your voice commands now. Give it a try. >> Oh, okay. Here goes. Temperature to 375. >> Temperature increased to 375. >> Look at that. It even talks back. >> Reminds me of certain people I know. >> Yeah, right. Dad, >> you got to lose him, Grandma. Back to the right. >> Remember Dad's turkey last year. >> Yeah, that thing really smoked up the place when it burned, didn't it? >> We ended up microwaving frozen pizzas. >> Well, no need to worry about the turkey this year. Not with an oven that will do anything your father tells it to do. >> Oh, good shot. >> Did you see that, >> Dad? Grandma's up to 550 points. Did you say 550? >> Hey, she's getting the hang of that thing. >> I can't believe all the new gadgets they've got now. You know, in my days. >> Oh, no. You're not going to tell us about the old days when you didn't even have a car phone. >> Hey, Trist. For a while, we didn't even have a house phone. Not to mention laser disc, highde TV. Everything is automated today, including Well, that >> no privacy at all around this place. >> Sorry, Arthle. >> Anyway, you guys don't know how good you got it nowadays. >> You know, my grandpa told me the very same thing when I was a kid. >> Take that, you make poop. >> Hey, check it out, Dad. Grandma's up to 975 points. >> Wow. 975 mode over >> John. What's wrong with the oven? >> What? Uh uh. >> Big mode complete. Enjoy. >> Anyone for pizza? >> Oh, another Christmas turkey ruined. >> Man, what a game. I really smoked those guys. Looks like I'm resident flying ace now. >> That's two out of three, Grandma. >> Later, kid. Boy, that was fun. What will they think of next? >> Who knows? We've got a whole new century waiting for us out there. >> Yeah, and maybe sometime in the new century, your father will learn how to talk to our oven. >> Well, maybe by then ovens will read our minds. But hey, as long as we're all here and happy and together for the holidays, who cares if I burned our Christmas turkey? >> I do. I'm starving. >> Don't worry, Dad. Someday everything's going to be so automated, you won't ever have to cook another Christmas turkey again. >> Tomorrow shining at the end of every day. There's a great big tomorrow. He follows his dream and when it becomes a reality, it's a dream come true for you and me. There's a great tomorrowing at the end of every day. There's a great beautiful tomorrow just a dream. >> Thank you for joining us on Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. We hope you've enjoyed this tribute to the 1964 Carousel of Progress from the New York World's Fair. Please gather all of your personal belongings and exit through the doors located at the back of the theater. Have a great big beautiful day. Remember, tomorrow is just a dream away. >> All right. Edwin Diaz gifted one membership to Moco Tensic. All right. All right. Well, thank you Edwin for that one gifted membership. We appreciate it. Very nice. Great show. >> Always so relaxing. >> I like Deox said Google called Dominoes. Yeah, exactly. >> Well, welcome in everybody. As several people joined us during that show, so if you are just joining us, welcome in. Thanks for coming along with us for the ride tonight. And um >> hi. >> How you doing? >> Good. How are you? >> Good. Good to see you. >> You too. Where you guys from? >> I'm here. >> Okay. >> Met you a couple times before. So >> nice. >> Yep. He's always after we're done. >> Oh, that's awesome. Awesome. >> Enjoying the new phone. >> I love it. It's really good. >> Enjoying spring break. >> Yes, that too. Also, that Did you guys want to say hi on the stream? >> Yeah. Told my husband to >> Oh, there we go. Let me turn the There we go. Now we can see you. >> So, remind me your names then. >> Uh I'm Ryan. I'm Kelly. >> Ryan and Kelly. Awesome. And you live here in this area then? >> Yeah, we do. >> Very cool. >> 45 minutes out. Right across. >> Oh, awesome. Oh, not far. >> UCF area. >> Oh, okay. >> Very cool. That's awesome. You guys having a good a good chilly evening tonight? >> We've been here all the all day to somebody. >> Well, hey, >> it's his last spring break as a child, so >> celebrating. >> Well, that's good. No, I I remember those days. Well, I'm glad you guys get to spend it together. That's super fun. >> Sons of fun. >> Yeah, super awesome. I was outside with the dog earlier this afternoon and it was pretty nice. You know, about 65 it was sunny. So, yeah, >> we froze until about 2:00. >> Oh, okay. So, it finally went that 2:00 sun hit then it was warmer. >> I think Tiana is in 50° weather this morning. So, that experience >> Yeah. >> 45°ree windchill. >> Back row barely got wet though. That was the strategy. >> That's the strategy. Yeah, that back row is the best row for that. >> Nuts. It can't It can't turn out a 5minute wait though. >> Oh, no. That's I've gone on when it's pretty cold. I think I went on in the 30s one time and I was just like, I won't melt. It'll be fine and I won't freeze. >> Well, it's good to see you guys and enjoy the rest of your night. >> Thanks for watching. Always enjoy the rest of your spring break. >> Thank you. >> Yeah, thanks for joining us today. Again, go ahead and subscribe if you're new and um hit the like for us. That does help us out quite a bit when you hit that thumbs up. Hit that like for us. We really appreciate it. and follow us on all the social media. Let's see what they got here. Or Resort TV1 on all the things. Oh, characters. Cool. All right. If you see the screen uh do that little hitch, that's actually a feature of the new phone where when I get close to something, it switches over to the uh the wideangle lens to give us some focus. >> Happy birthday. >> Thank you so much, sir. I appreciate it. You got the button and everything. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> This is the Max, everybody. >> Guys, how's it going? >> I know you said hi before, so you don't usually mind me. >> He's got his birthday button on. >> Yeah, I know. March 7th, St. Patty's baby over here. >> That's pretty cool. >> Yeah, I know, right? How's it going? >> Good. Just enjoying the day. What What are you up to? >> Uh, I'm not used to this cold. So, um, yeah, we're we have the fireworks dessert party tonight. >> Oh, that'll be cool. >> Kind of hanging out over there, but I actually um I got to go swap a fuel rod right now. That's where I'm off. >> Oh, there you go. >> Do you know where actually the nearest station is? Yeah, I believe Cosmic Race. >> Cosmic Race has one. >> Yes. >> Awesome. Cool. Yeah. Enjoy the rest of your night. >> You as well. All right, Max. Happy birthday. >> All right, let's go check out the sunset. >> It is spring break, so the crowds are here. That is uh as they say in it, that's not a bug, that's a feature, right? That's part of the spring break era, season I should say. It's a more of a season than era. Either either way, um, gorgeous sunset. Let me turn the brightness back down a little bit. Wow, that looks nice. Hey, Ginger. Happiest spring break Tuesday. Uh, what time is Jenna going live? So, Jenna's actually not going tomorrow. I think she said she had something going on. Um, so it may be me tomorrow since I'm on spring break and I may actually do Animal Kingdom in the afternoon tomorrow. So stay tuned for that. It's not 100% confirmed, but um yeah. Oh, hey Mr. Master. But yeah, it's um most likely I will be live tomorrow in the afternoon, 3 or 4:00 probably in the afternoon to do uh some Animal Kingdom fun to have some Animal Kingdom fun. It's that time of day where sky is brighter. Causes the phone to hunt around for exposure a little bit. So yeah, we don't get to Animal Kingdom that much, so I thought that would be a good one. It's actually my wife Steph's idea. She's like, "Hey, why don't you go tomorrow afternoon and do Animal Kingdom? You don't usually get to do that." I was like, "That's a good idea." Who knows? All right. >> So, I thought about riding the train. We've got Starlight, I believe, at 8:15. I need to double check that, but let's Yeah, looks like people are already getting their spots. Max from the Goose Troop. That's WDW Max. He's just as cool. Hey, Jackie. Steph's a smart lady. Yes. Well, that is true. Are you guys going to Epic Universe soon? Yeah. Um, we actually are going to we were going to go even Jenna was going to go last Wednesday. Uh, they had tickets with mom and dad, but then of course mom got uh not really sick, but she needed to go to the hospital with with the issues she was having and she's better now. Um, but then she's home and all that good stuff. But uh, not to like rehash all of that again and everything else, but just to, you know, say why Jenna didn't go. And then um so she didn't get to go on Wednesday. And then um mom and dad talked about taking Liam and I to Epic Universe again since we all had so much fun and Liam loves the Mario stuff so much too. So yeah. So we may be doing that at some point. I'm thinking I'm going to wait till spring break's over though because it's always crowded at Epic, but it will be extra crowded these next few weeks. So we may I don't know. We may go like middle or end of April maybe. >> Spring rape was invented by the Roman Empire. Oh my goodness. Cardboard box in inventing history. I love it so much. >> Great moments in history. Remember the Muppets used to do that over in Liberty Square. He did really good. >> So, yeah, mom and dad are doing great. They got some rest. We talked to him the other night. Uh, and mom's feeling much better. She's doing her therapy on her hand because remember her uh because she did have the the brain bleed caused by the Alzheimer's, she ended up um having some issues controlling her left hand. And so, sorry. And so, she uh has to do some therapy on her left hand to get all the functionality back and that the mobility I guess is a better word for a body part. But either way, she's uh she's working on it. She's doing great. Oh, that's a nice picture, too. The time of day when it is not night. Yes, that is true. >> The time of day when the light is day and the day is light. >> Yeah. So, mom's doing great and we, you know, we know kind of know what to look out for if that ever happens again. And they did a lot of tests which gave them a lot of information and luckily we know that everything's good. Obviously good being relative terms, you know, obviously she can't. We wish we could wave the magic wand and get rid of the Hi. >> Big fan. >> Oh, thank you. I appreciate that. We wish we could wave the magic wand and let you know have her not have Alzheimer's, but that's not something we can do. Very low crowds mid April. for sure. >> But yeah, very good news. But last week was kind of weird uh and scary because of all that, but luckily it turned out well or is as as well as possible. Yep. Happy St. Patrick's Day, Bill. >> The Horizon's 18. I love that. That's a good username. >> I know. Mickey, Mom, Jen, we all wish there was a cure for it. And uh, >> you know, I have a lot of faith that someday there will be. We're just not quite there yet, but we've done a lot of We've made a lot of progress. We I say we, the the scientists, all the smart people. We've made a lot of progress. And uh I love that those people work so hard day in and day out on all of that research and development. So one day because of their efforts we will have a cure. I I I know. >> I don't know. I don't know but I I hope and I think there's a lot of reason to hope somebody's not walking. I just want to say God bless you and your family, especially your mom. Thank you. Yes, she does have Alzheimer's. So, all right. Now, let's go up here and catch the train. We can get a good while we're waiting for the train, we can get a good view of Main Street in the castle while while the sun sets. Well, if you're on spring break in your neck of the woods, I hope that you're enjoying it. If you still have some time left, I hope that the wait is not too long for you or you may be also not a teacher and not have any school age kids and not be Oh, I can't. Okay, I can't uh can't go out there. I can just go right here. There's a rope. So, I can look from here. They're they're getting ready for the VIP for the parade. Um, Michaela, I hope you're feeling better after being in the hospital, too. Sorry, I missed the beginning of your message. >> Yes, Josh, keep the faith. I hope they find cures for so many things. Yeah, exactly. Obviously, not just Alzheimer's, but yeah, all all of the things, cancer, and all of those things that are uh, you know, harmful to people. So, >> yep. I'm going to watch Starlight tonight. Yeah, you can see it from here. That's nice. Yes, this is your official invitation to bop the like button. Let's Let me check while we wait for the train. Let me check uh Starlight times. I don't know if it changed this week. Like, it did change whenever the time changed. So, you had, you know, the sun stays up longer now with the hour of daylight savings time. Oh, here come the people. >> We'll be praying for her. Thank you. I appreciate that. Uh 8:15 and 10:30. Yes. Okay. So, Starlight 8:15, 10:30. Sweet. My mom had the rare stroke almost a year ago. The bleed stopped on its own, but she has some new issues now and it left her with no short-term memory. Oh, Michelle, I'm so sorry to hear that. Thank you, Ginger. Yeah, I'm so sorry to hear that, Michelle. That is It's just there's so many things that can, you know, I think I think we just have to remember life is a miracle every day. There's so many things that can unfortunately go wrong and um we're very thankful when they don't go wrong. So, but we're hopeful when they do that things can be fixed and healed. But anyway, look at that. What a view. Let's go in the train station real quick and just kind of look around. So, yeah, they get ready for I guess it's probably about an hour or a little more ahead of time. They get ready for I almost said Spectro Magic. They get ready for Starlight. So hard watching parents deal with their elder health issues. Yeah, we always saw I know. We always saw them as invincible. Yep. It's so true. All these work now. That's so fun. Hold on. Maybe. Uh, no, they don't all work. Wait. Oh, maybe. Oh, maybe. Oh, here. Okay, let me zoom in. Hold on. There we go. All right. There we go. Okay. Ah, look at that. Those are like actual pictures. Very hard to see, but you you get the point. Wow. Something's happening. Oh no, it's a waterfall. Yes, that's right, Ginger. It is a miracle. Look at that. I sure hope that's not Niagara Falls. Anyway, how fun. We got to work for that. Real moving pictures. I'm glad they keep these working. I think that's really nice. My mom had dementia. It's tough. Sorry to hear this. Really enjoy tennis streams with your mom and dad. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, I wish I could go with I could have them go with me more often there. It's usually a later when I do it, but yes, we enjoy it when they get to join us for Friday Night Live. For sure. The problem is can't see quite as well as I want to. Hold on. Let me just There we go. Oh no. Don't fall off the train. Ah, I'll do my own sound effects. Oh no. And I'm stuck on this train. I don't know what to do because it's moving and I can't get off of the train. But I don't know what to do now. Whatever shall I do? Look, there's a car. I'm hanging on to the car and the train at the same time. It's a thing. It's a thing that's happening. Oh no. I don't know. It' be cool if this thing worked. We got to have the right person to fix that. The script is top tier. Only the best for you guys. Only the best. I'm guessing this doesn't work, guys. This one was approved by the New York Sensors for 1 cent. Wonders of the world. Uh, I'm guessing this doesn't work. Oscar worthy and best voice narration ever. I mean, you know, I do what I can. Here, let's uh one more there. The cat in the bag. That's actually a cartoon. A lot of them are, as they say, real moving pictures. So, who knows how long the train will be. The only if you're not familiar with what's going on here or you've been away for a while um because of the construction for Villains Land and the new Piston Peak Cars Land uh they've closed the Frontier Land side of the train track and so and Adventure Land is closed too. So um the train goes back and forth between Main Street and Storybook Circus only. And so if you want to get on the train, you can get on here or at Storybook Circus. It backs up to Storybook Circus and it goes forward to Main Street. There's only one train running at a time because of course, you know, there's no way for the trains to pass each other if there was more than one. So you have to wait a little bit longer. Used to be trains every 6 or 7 minutes. I don't watch often though I don't chat much. Or I watch often, but I don't chat much. Well, I'm glad that you are uh glad that you're here. I'm glad that you're in the chat. Hey, classy Disney mom. Yeah. Uh Mr. master saying we need more handdrawn art. Apparently um Disney is going to do more of that with their um with some of their um animated films. That's what I've heard. So that'll be fun to get back to that. I read the other day, apparently one good thing about Gen Z is that they appreciate the um they appreciate uh retro things because a lot of them were raised by Zenial and Zeno, old and millennial and even Gen X parents and so they are um very attuned to uh retro things. Liam is pretty attuned to retro things. Let's see how much we can zoom in on that there ferry boat. Hi Tyler. Oh, hi Drew. Beautiful night. Look at that. >> Well, I was there in July, so it was strange to already wearing coats and jackets. Yep. >> And Jenzie, older Jinzy. Yeah. I don't even know what the years are for those. >> Uh, but it is cool to It is cool for sure. Number four. >> Yep. I'm I'm apparently a Zenial. I'm a little bit too young for Gen X. >> Apparently the Zenial from like 70 75 or 76 to like 82 somewhere around there. We grew up in an analog world, but we're we're comfortable in both worlds, analog and digital because we were around when the digital stuff started. >> Sounds like it's coming. >> I like being a girl. Me, too. I grew up in a very unique time. Jenna ancient. That's funny. >> Hey, Josa family. >> I'm so glad Josh said it, but I don't know what I am either. 75. You're either you're either um a younger younger gen X or or um a zenial. >> 90 99. What is 99? I don't remember. >> Hey, Bryce. 77 to 85. Is that what it is? I I don't know the the cut off points, but yeah, Millennial. Yep. Jen and I are both zenials and our brother is a millennial. He's a little younger. >> Welcome in everybody. It's so good to see everybody watching. The plan right now is to ride the train and then walk back for the uh Starlight Parade. I mean, I I guess I may may not have enough time, actually. The Starlight Parade starts at 8:15. I may need to go get a spot. We'll see. Let's just see how much longer it takes. And we may just go get a spot for the parade. Hey, Big Ron. The parade's in about 34 minutes right now. >> Yeah, Jenna is my sister. >> Dino, I'm not going to read that, but that's funny. I mean, I guess I could, but you know, if uh let's see. So, if I'm the last year of boomers, am I partly the next generation? Yeah. Um, that's a good question. Interesting viewpoint of the ferry from the train station. Used to the other way around. Yeah. Our dog passed away this weekend. Oh, I'm so sorry. That's always so hard. Mr. Master says, "Lock the spot now." I may have to cuz this is um taking a little bit. >> You just never know. Like I don't know how long ago it was here. So >> when did they create zenial? It's xenial is x e n i a l. It is it's a weird word to spell for sure. I had to look it up too. Um I I think just recently within the last 10 years or so they've been talking about it that way. A lot of times you don't you're not able to um kind of define generations until later when you kind of study the history. >> Oh, here we go. Somebody's got a whole list. 1901 to 27, greatest generation. Yep. 28 to 45, the silent generation. 46 to 64, the baby boom. 65 to 80, Gen X. 81 to 96 millennials, Gen Z's and alpha. Yeah, but they've got the Kevin, they've got the Zenials in there now from 77 to 85. Kind of a micro generation. Gen Z would be 99. Okay. Gen Z is 97 to 2012. Okay. 2013 to 2024. Yeah, my son is Gen Alpha. All this forward and backward has a train working extra hard. Yeah. >> And Gen X 1970. My son's 23 and likes the retro stuff. Yeah. I think kids generally end up liking a lot of the stuff their parents do. I mean, Liam got his love for Transformers from me. And I mean, he the funny thing is he likes it more than I ever did, which is great. I love that. But, you know, I kind of got him interested in it. And then he took it and ran with it. on Minecraft. Of course, I'll blame his friends for that one. That wasn't me. I get it. Like, I get it. It just doesn't appeal to me the same way. But, but I do at least understand it. Oh, here it comes. Now, the question is, do we ride it or do we wait for the parade? Cuz now it's about 30 minutes before and we should be fine. Please remain your hands, arms, feet, and leg. Well, we have fully embarked. I will give you the clear. All right. Now, clear off. gen the generation nobody talks about. Yeah, we're like the new silent generation. >> The we I said I don't know whatever it is. The generation thing is all kind of made up anyway. But it, you know, a lot of it makes sense. I guess that's the point, right? Like a lot of the categories go together. But in the in the end, somebody made it up, right? Like with some evidence. But yeah, >> yeah, let's go for it. >> I'd rather ride this thing than stand around. >> We waited this long. We're going to get on it. We'll go and then I'll just Josh hustle back to Main Street. We'll be untranful for just a minute. Once again, station first. You can use those seven rows at the front of each car that face the caboose currently to face that direction of travel. Thank you. >> Retro Tech is fun. Yeah. >> Most of the time when people ask me what gin family I'm in, I say I have no clue. Yeah, >> we're by the front where we >> pretty pretty sunset tonight. >> Gail Silent Generation. Okay, >> I'm committed. I have to go. I know, right? It' be disappointing if I didn't. >> The cast is going to be right here. So, when we start moving, you'll be able to see it over here. Okay. >> Mimi Carol, thank you for being a member. >> Again, don't go anywhere. We will make it back for Starlight. And if I have to stand behind somebody, I'll I'll find a spot. I'm pretty good at finding spots. I only need one spot for one person, so it's a little easier. >> Fancy land. We are going to be heading in reverse to Fantasy Land station. That was first. The first seven rows of each of our cars face the direction of travel. Oh, for sure, Mr. Master. Okay. Gen X here with young genus. Nice. Uh Liam's experiencing all the things. Yeah, he is a trooper for sure. You know, he's pretty smart. Hello, Ivan. >> We'll get going here in just a minute. If you weren't a latch key kid, you weren't Gen X. Yeah. I mean, I was telling Steph and I were talking about this. I don't obviously all parents are different, but like yeah, we I did come home at least when I got to a certain age. Like when I got to about fifth or sixth grade, I think that that was when I was allowed to come home by myself and, you know, kind of go around the neighborhood by myself and that kind of thing. Yeah. We we went all the way into town. We rode our bikes a few miles into town. We We're all over the place. No cell phone. You just knew how to get home. You >> never even thought about it. It wasn't an option, right? You just >> You just You just did it. You >> love watching the Montreals go by. >> Look, I don't know if I completely fit the definition of latch key. If that's the thing, like mom and dad were very involved, right? But we did we definitely went around and just I we lived in a really safe town, but yeah, we were around and there were definitely times a lot of times when they probably didn't know exactly where I was and then it's fine. You know, we all survived. Uh let's see. Congrats on 12 months of Opera Bronze. Good evening, Josh. Thanks for all you and Jenna do to bring us the parks. Looks like a beautiful night at the Magic Kingdom. That's awesome, Rich. Thank you. All right, guys. Let's not get into this tranquil Tuesday. No politics, okay? I know we we're getting close to the edge there, so let's pull it back a little bit. Not worry about, you know, offending or not offending. Just trying to keep it tranquil. >> Almost 2,700 people in the chat. As long as you knew the general direction, you get home. I know the streets. I was when when mom would drive around. I mean, we didn't have other things to do in the car besides look around. So, when mom and dad would drive, I memorized the roads. You >> getting tired? >> I knew all the roads. >> Oh, you like the information. We're definitely going to be kind of late. >> It does. >> They get going pretty soon. >> That's all right. >> We could always also watch the parade from a different spot, too. We could go watch it in Liberty Square or uh elsewhere. We don't have to watch it at the beginning either. It was so different. Yeah, for sure. >> Time marches on the fairy >> dinner. >> Uh, Kora, that's awesome. K. Laura 30. That's awesome. Or Chlora, I don't know. Either way, congrats. >> If we get closer, we can see if they have availability. >> Yeah. >> Please don't lean over. >> Yes, sir. Please wait on the train here. It's going to be forward this time. >> Now we're, as my wife says, we're in it to win it now. So, we're on the train. We're not getting off. So, we're just going for it. I rely so heavily on GPS. I've forgotten roads. Yeah, I try not to. If there's a place where I know where I'm going and I know there's probably not going to be a traffic issue, I try to just drive it. But there is um there are times when I don't even need the directions. I just want to make sure the traffic, you know, around here can be bad. So, I just want to check and make sure I'm going the most efficient way. Cuz sometimes I wouldn't do that and then I'd end up like very badly in a traffic jam. Oh, here we go. >> Yeah, Jinger. Chicago's different though. Oh, that music. Take this way. You can see the castle. It's getting >> Welcome aboard, folks. Thanks for joining our trip to Fantasy Land. Throughout our journey, please make sure your hands, arms, feet, legs, parasol, and bowler hats stay inside the train. And please keep an eye on our junior riders. By now, you've probably noticed I'm not just conducting the train today. I'm also conducting a bit of an experiment. You know the old saying, sometimes you have to go backward to go forwards. Well, today we're putting that to the test by heading to Storybook Circus Caboose first. And Tomorrowland is the perfect place for experimentation. That's why I invited my favorite little experiment to ride along with us today. Folks, say hello to experiment 626. Although you might know the immense assist. >> Mr. Conductor, can Stitch drive the train? I can do it. Choo choo. A bird. Well, Stitch, I was thinking you could be my co-conductor for a spell and help me tell our passengers about all the wonderful sights and sounds in Tomorrowland. >> Got this. >> Welcome to Tomorrow. You're right. More marrow. Stitch too good. >> You're a natural stitch. >> Thanks. Unstitch glow up. Oh, not just yet, my friend. There are so many more exciting things to talk about in Tomorrowland. >> You bet. You see that Astroorbiter Stitch from up there in those rockets? You can see everything in Tomorrowland, including the Tomorrowland Speedway. >> Oh, but Stitch have no driver's license. >> You don't need a license to drive in Tomorrowland, Stitch. >> No license? No problem. Stitch love going fast almost as much as Stitch loves to blow the whistle. >> If you want to go fast, Stitch, why not race across the grid with Team Blue on Tron Light Cycle Run? >> Team Blue Stitch is blue. >> Stitch, I think you'd make a wonderful addition to the grid. >> Well, would you look at that? It's almost whistle time. Scurry on down to the other end of the train and use that big old please on the engineer. And don't forget to use those thank yous. >> Please don't go fast. >> No, we're not going to go that fast. >> I'm going fast. >> Go faster. This garbage. >> Yeah, we're going to get water. Thank you. Thank you. >> Well done, Stitch. >> Say, you want to stick around and help me introduce these fine folks to Storybook Circus? I think you'll love it, Stitch. You'll see great feats of strength. >> Stitch is strong. >> Animals of all shapes and sizes. >> You bet. There are even elephants with ears so large they can fly as high as the rockets we just left behind. >> Fly with elephants. At Storybook Circus and in Tomorrowland, anything is possible. >> Stitch join circus. >> Sounds like you've got some experiments to do. >> So stitch. Well, folks, thanks for riding along with me. I mean, us. As we arrive, please stay seated until we come to a complete stop. Gather your belongings and little ones before exiting the train. And be sure to wait until you're safely on the platform to unfold those strollers. And now, friends, travelers, children of all ages, welcome to the stupendous, the sensational, the spectacular Fantasy Land Story Book Circus. Next stop, Main Street, USA. >> As we slowly roll into the train station, folks, just a friendly reminder to please remain seated to keep your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the train until we come up a complete stop. Once we have fully parked, I will give you the all clear mark. But until then, both please remain seated. >> Make sure you keep your feet in inside the train as well, please. Thank you. >> Are you ready? >> Please remain inside the train, please. Your head, arms, feet, and legs inside the train. >> Stitch, we already left. We left over there as >> remain seated, folks. We have not stopped yet. We have slowed down though, so give us a few more seconds, please. remain inside the train. Please, >> please wait. Please wait. It is now all clear to disembark. Welcome to Fantasy Land Starbucks Circus. Fantasy Land. >> We made it. All right. Very good. Okay. Well, we might be able to make it down to Main Street. >> Let's go. Let's be adventuresome on Tranquil Tuesday. Why not? Hope you guys enjoyed that. Always fun. I do want to um >> do want to make sure the uh splash pad here is uh not working because we don't want to get wet right now. All right. I hope you guys are enjoying the stream so far. Well, >> as we walk down here, we want to talk about some of our awesome sponsors. We've got mickeytras.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning. Go to mickeytras.com to book your next trip to Walt Disney World or any Disney park or cruise line. Well, not all the cruise lines, but Disney Cruise Line, of course. And uh they'll help you plan your trip. They'll take all the hard work out of it. Hey, David, by the way. They'll help your trip. They'll help you plan your trip and uh take all the hard work out of it. And it doesn't cost extra. They just take their commission. They get their commission from Disney directly. So, you get great advice and they get the commission from Disney. So, it's a win-win. But either way, go check out mickeyras.com. That's mickeyras.com. And also check out uh mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. There we go. And uh good to see you, David. I said some college visits it sounds like. That's fun. He said he wasn't behind me on the train. That was sure of surprise a couple weeks ago. We are 15 minutes from parade time. See what we can do here. If there's no spots, we can always head back up to a different location and we'll be all right. One way or the other. One way or the other. Oh, thanks Tracy. That's right, Jingro. We never know. You guys were there, too. Uh, at the end of April, I'll be moving to Lincoln, Nebraska. Nice. >> Good luck. >> Okay. >> Yes. I would not wait now. Just a quick question. Do you have to get off the train or can you do the full loop? So, no, you don't have to get off the train. It's not really a loop. It's half the loop, but you can stay on the train and then ride it back to Main Street. So, if you get off So, you get on Main Street, ride a Storybook Circus, and then it goes back to Main Street directly, and you um can stay on. It just doesn't do the circle anymore. It's a great question. >> Yeah, even with it being only half the loop, you can still stay on. So, that's nice. >> That's a great picture. >> Always time for pictures. And and then we go there. >> Oh, nice. Tiger, tell John, I hope you're enjoying the basketball. >> Uh, the train probably won't return to full service again until Villains Land is done cuz they've got a lot of work to do around the train tracks. They probably took it out. Actually, the train track over there by Villains Land is probably gone. Um they probably had to move it >> to facilit I I don't know that for sure that you'd have to get have to have one of those helicopter people tell you that. But either way um yeah it's going to be a while which is why I'm glad that they decided not to just shut it down like they did during Tron or but rather go ahead and have it open and um just have it half open. So yeah, we'll have to wait till Villains Land is done. >> It's going to be a while. Uh, Villains Land. I can tell you from today driving over there on my way over here, I went I came in the back right by Villains Land. There's a road that goes back there and I can tell you that uh it is uh the land is clear and there's some construction buildings up, but uh other than that, and they've got the Burm up, but that's about it. The Burm is like the hill that separates the park from the rest of the world. So, because there's a road out there, they got the burm to uh protect from sound from the road, keep the immersion. It's also not a super busy road. Like, it's busy enough, but it's not like a It's mostly cast members and locals that use it. It's not a road used by tourists much. >> We just got the train back, I know, not too long ago. Yeah, it was it was back for a short time right after Tron and that was it. >> But either way, I'm glad at least we have half of it. So, I'm thinking >> I maybe should have gotten off the train, >> gotten out of the train line and found a spot, but >> that's okay. Whether it be spring break, who knows? >> Even on a chilly night, the crowds are definitely uh >> intense. >> There we go. No, they didn't cancel the villain park. >> I hadn't heard that. >> Last week I was in 80°ree weather and now I'm looking at snow. David, that is crazy. The weather this this winter's been insane. And we don't usually have in spring break, we don't usually have anything down in the 40s like what we're gonna in fact by the end of this stream we're going to be in the 40s which is crazy for March in Orlando. Again, not cold compared to other parts of the country where there is snow like you said, but but still for Florida. That's pretty crazy in March. Tempest Prince. They did that with Disneyland Montreal when they were building California Adventure. His summer lady and I rode that a few time. Oh, cool. Yeah, I actually rode Let's see. No, the California Adventure was done by the time I came back to Disneyland, but it was kind of cool that the Montreal was going right through there and probably gave people a little preview if they were uh able to ride it back then. In fact, Epcot Montreal was operating as a preview for a little while for guests if they wanted to do the loop, >> excuse me, around the loop. >> Okay. All right, let's see if we can find a spot. >> Okay, >> there's some room. >> How fun. >> Do you guys have a reservation for Tony? No, no, we're just wondering. >> You know what? You know what the male dog name is? >> Huh? Those lady name is what? All right. Well, we only have seven minutes, >> so this will work. >> By my favorite speakers, too. And if we're down here, we'll be able to see Pinocchio. I like being down here if I can. >> Did you? Yes. I just walked all the way back to the main street train station. It was way faster than getting the train back here. We wouldn't have made it if we' taken the train. The train will probably come back in the middle of the parade at some point. >> I watch it and be right here and I eat my words. >> How do you create resort TV 24/7? Um, I have a uh little um mini computer, little mini PC at my house that runs it. It's on 24/7 and it takes about the same amount of power as a light bulb. David, are you going to be You said you're gonna if you have to deal with more snow, you're going to start screaming like Kermit. You could be old man yells at Snow. >> Not that you're old man, but you know. He's like, "Sure, sure." >> Hey Jill, do you think Villains Land should be more adult friendly or family friendly? I think Disney will try and strike a balance. >> With Disney, everything has to be a balance. You don't want to stray too far one side or the other. >> Just wanted to thank you for making the 24/7 ride stream. I love having it to watch on restless nights. A thank and other nights. Thanks, Piano Bug. >> David says, "No, I am old man." Funny. All right. >> Oh, there's the train. >> Well, >> hello stargazers. It's almost time to wish upon a star. In just a few minutes, Disney Starlight Dream the Night Away will begin to fully immerse you in the experience. The lighting around the Magic Kingdom will be reduced. For your safety and the safety of those around you, we ask that you remain in the same location until the lighting returns to normal. Thank you. >> Usually a ninja watcher, but wanted to say hi. Hello, Ice Diva. Diva Eva, I got it. I figured it out. It's so funny because uh YouTube crushes all the words together. If it was uh back to the old way, I'm sure I would have been able to read it better. But thank you. I'm glad you're here. >> Sorry I can't read your name or I couldn't read the uh the name. It was YouTube's fault. >> I like seeing freed Tinker Bell. Yeah, me too. 4 minutes. >> And then we'll have Happily Ever After at 9:30. And then after that, another parade at 10:30, but we can just kind of do rides and shows after that. We'll see how long I got to put on my other sweat sweatshirt, but we'll see how long everybody lasts through the chilly weather. Yeah. Don't go anywhere. You know you want to see want to see Starlight. $200 and then it eventually goes to a car which no the talking. There's a drop. Hey guys, there's no ramp here. Have to go around this way. >> Yeah, it goes. where you straight across. Watch your shut down. >> Can help. >> Hey, Mr. Rainbow. One minute. Here we go. Heat. Heat. Good evening everyone. >> Welcome to this wonderful night. Did you know that when a star is born, they possess a gift or two? One of them is this. They have the power to make a dream come true. So come with us now as we go on a magical journey through the stars and dream the nightly. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. We can take the box for a little bit. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Be brave, true and selfless and all your wishes may come true. Father, father, I'm real. >> You are a real boy. The real life, boy. What do you think, dear friends? Nighttime is the best time to dream. Does it fake? It feels like we can touch the stars. A little star and all that is now. Do you think everyone is wishing upon a star right now? Are you? Oh, go on. Make a wish. I wish. Oh, I just want all our wishes to have a chance to come true. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. We did it. I can't wait to tell mom about our adventure. Wow, you're dreaming. Wow, that looks so cool. >> I can't believe that just happened. This is crazy. Can you believe it? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Lord your heart. Heat. Heat. It's a dream to be up here. Oh my gosh. Have you ever seen a star sparkle like this before? >> Oh, it's so magical. >> Come on, Awesome. I wish that this night would never end. Oh boy. A great night for the stars with all our friends. It's like we're on a shooting star. >> There's so many stars to wish upon tonight. Go on everybody wish upon a star. Look at all our pals. >> Oh, Mickey. They've been just my style. >> Just like us. >> It's a dream to be up here among the stars. >> Yep. It's a wish come true. Oh my. Have you ever seen anything so wonderful? The magic of starlight is all around us. Gosh, Minnie, have you ever seen the stars sparkle like this before? >> Oh, it's so magical. >> Come on, everybody, wish. I wish that this night would never end. Oh boy, a train ride through the stars with all our friends. >> It's like we're all a shooting star. Heat. Heat. All right, I hope you enjoyed that. I have a I have a plan for what's next here. But I love that shot with the castle in the background. It's so cool. I don't think my phone is quite good enough to do Well, most most cameras probably aren't quite good enough to do what I want to do there, but it's a cool shot for sure. I love that music so much. All right, so we're missing some floats. Peter Pan, of course, Tinkerbell wasn't there. If Peter Pan and Wendy aren't there, Tink wasn't there. Um, it would have she would have looked out of place by herself. Well, Tinker Bell's always in fashion, but you know. Uh, and then the the finale float, the Jimny Cricket finale that says Starlight on it was not there. So, a couple floats not present, but hopefully they'll have them out soon. Maybe for the 10:30 show, they'll have them out. Every once in a while there's an issue with either maybe there's a performer that can't go on for some reason, there's a costume, there's a technical issue with the float. You You never know. It's a pretty technically uh complex parade, so they've got to work to keep it running. But yeah, it's still a great parade either way. It's nice that they can swap things in and out. And I love the uh Main Street Electrical Parade music. Even the fan fair, right? The fanfare starts out Main Street Electrical Parade and then the uh Burough Coound, which you're hearing right now. >> Hey, Blue Polo. I'm already having a flashback. That's awesome, Mr. Master. >> Well, I hope you had fun. >> So, I'm headed for pirates. Uh, it says 20 minutes. We'll see if we can uh get in the line before the crazy parade crowd gets over there. Hopefully, it'll be if we go this way, we should be able to get through. >> Big one or mini? >> Pan night's a lot brighter. It is. Yeah, it is. Pan night's a whole different type of parade. It's a good parade though. They're both good. >> Panther night's probably not probably. Panther night is definitely more techn technologically impressive. Um, but this is a very beautiful parade and I do like it a lot. >> All right, they made it. Well, thanks for being here tonight. If you are enjoying the stream, leave us a like. We'd appreciate that. Also, subscribe if you're new. >> Stay away from the first Oh, hey, Streamfinder. Stay away from the first row all the way to the left. Oh, yeah. I know, right? It gets a little wet over there. >> Oh, okay. >> There's only one way to view it. Let's see. It's only one way to view it. Better than Josh. Uh being there in person. Excellent tonight. Thank you so much, Streamfinder. I saw your comments during the show, too. That was very kind. I appreciate. I'm glad that Glad that all the tech is working and I I try to do I try to do good camera angles. Oh, hello. As I as I kill the gimbal, yes, I try. I try. So, thank you. Oh, yeah. Am I just supposed to adventures at Jinale? Yes, they have their Hold on. They have their second channel there as well. So, go check that out. Adventures of Jenna and Dale is a great channel showing Jenna and Dale's adventures, as you might guess. So, they do enjoy that. And then also, I have my new 24/7 channel, Resort TV 24/7. Been working really hard to get that ride stream up and I got that up a couple weeks ago. And then also, RetroTV1 Tech is my retro channel and I do need to post some more stuff on there. Yeah, lots of fun stuff coming up. >> Let me let me There we go. The gimbal is still unhappy. There we go. >> Gimbals are just like anything else. Sometimes it's best to turn it off and back on. >> Let's see. You know what? >> I'm going to stop very quickly for a very quick restroom break. >> Sorry. Drank too much coke tonight. >> They put me on Aladdin's carpet. I used to pick the carpet that couldn't avoid the camel. Oh, that's awesome, David. I I bet you enjoyed that. >> All right. All right, I'll be back. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Welcome back. Sorry, it took me a second to get the stream reconnected and I had to change the change the connections and all that, but anyway, I'm back. All right, that's funny. Last Saturday, I didn't stop at all to use the restroom, but tonight twice already. Oh, well, human human stuff. All right, let's go. >> Let's go sail with some pirates. uh jail $10. You mentioned you showed Liam Transformers. Have you shown your son the original Mighty Morphin Power Rangers episodes on YouTube? No, I haven't. But thank you for thank you for uh the super chat. I appreciate that. You know, I never was into those too much, so I I just haven't had the interest to show them myself either. >> Do I ever get dizziness? Yeah, sometimes. But >> not often. >> I'm glad you're all here. I know some young guys that did 24-hour channel 2 at first. Is it there that gave you the idea to make one? No. >> No. I've been thinking about it for a long time. Uh I don't even know who that is. Like who would who else would have done that? No, I've got a ton of videos for it and I just thought I should do a 24-hour Next step. I said bye to >> Robert's got the jokes. Somebody says they're glad I'm on pirates. Nice. >> Is illuminations fireworks coming up on the ride channel? I uh is it? Yes. Yes, Illuminations is coming up at 9:00. That is true. Did you know that pirates are typically good songwriters? They know a good hook. Oh, that's funny. Dead man can't wait in line. Yes, they can't. Stay tuned. We got fireworks coming up and we've got um more rides, fireworks, happily ever after, more rides, all kinds of stuff. Stay tuned. We need to worry about Yeah. Oh, yeah. They do play they they play the single melody along the parade route. Somebody's saying they have the melodies on top of Yeah, that's called the parade underliner. Yeah, they do the underliner and then they add all the other stuff on top of it. That is true. Yes, if the I believe the the floats themselves have beacons like wireless beacons. and then that control the music in the certain sections of the uh parade route. And so yeah, if the float isn't there, then the parade defaults to its um traditional style music. Oh yeah, Shaggy, I love the smell of pirate broine. at least the line's moving quite well. >> The crowd will probably go down quite a bit after fireworks. Wait. Nothing beats the pirates. Yep, that's right. >> Pirates smell that is I just You're not Oh yes. >> Hello Ann. How are you? >> Good to see you. I can only have one scent candle at home. Oh, I don't know. The pirates ride, the broine scent is good, but I don't know if you want that all throughout your house. Rome burning is a good one if you can get it right, but that's a hard one to get right. Even Disney's own Rome burning smell is not like it used to be. I think they changed the material. Um, the old Rome burning was really good. It have to be incense or something, I think. Almost. Um, >> Riviera has really good smell in the lobby. But yeah, there are a lot of companies that smell candles that smell like the rides for sure. >> BDF wants to record the 360. Yeah. Uh 360 cameras are struggle a little bit in the dark, but you probably see most of it. Some of them have a little um enhancements too. Like my Insta 360, my newer one, it's like in 1X or X, whatever it is. It's the newest one. It um has an enhancement, like an AI enhancement for the dark, which is nice. Yes, the stream finder. That Q music here is amazing. It's all really nice when you can walk in here with nobody else in here and it really like you're almost by yourself and you hear the music really really well. I think. That is probably This music is nice with all these little nooks and crannies in here. on there. I mean, all I have to do American Yeah, the queue is so great for this one. That's the one thing this one has over the Disneyland one is the queue. >> The ride itself is good, too. We've got, you know, some cool stuff in our ride, too. But this queue is far superior. Rero, sorry I've been so quiet in the chat. I've been started a new job. They have been very busy. We always have it on. I've been too busy to comment though. You still bring so much joy. Well, thank you so much, Grey Rose. I appreciate that. >> I'm glad to see you and I hope the new job is going well. We got about 35 minutes till fireworks, so we'll be fine. >> We're almost there. >> Oh, streaming the magic sent 99 cent super chat. Thank you so much, Streaming the Magic. Good to see you guys. Hope you're doing well. Yeah, this isn't bad. You have pirates air freshest in your car. That's cool. Actually, it would be kind of fun. You see the Japan version? Yeah, I've seen that the Japan version is pretty cool, but also the Shanghai version. Incredible with the big pirate ship battle. You're surprised the stream isn't lagging. You know, we've generally got pretty good signal in here, but you know, it's never never perfect. This phone is really good, though. I'm sure it'll only get better with updates. It's had It's only had one little security update, so as they continue to tweak it, it'll it'll get better, I'm sure. David jokes. Yep. There's a lot to learn after 20 years at the same company. Yeah. Gro, that is so true. Yeah, every time I have changed schools, it's always a learning curve. You got to learn how each school does, you know, certain things. And especially as a as a band director, you know, you have Well, I don't teach that anymore, but when I was a band director, there's always a lot of stuff you have to do kind of over and above regular teaching duties. Yeah, you guys are all loving the music. How you doing, Bit Ritz? Glad you guys like the music. Michaela Hood just sent a dollar super chat as well. Thank you so much, Michaela. The dollar super chat. We appreciate it. >> Serious question. What do you think about everything on social media? Do you read them or you've been something they don't affect you? Um, well, I don't know. When you say everything on social media, there's a there's a lot of things. So, I don't know if I could give you my thoughts on everything. I'm just I'm just kidding. But like I I actually am sort of kidding. I don't really know what you mean. I mean, social media is what it is, right? There's lots of opinions about things, current events and stuff that you'll find. I mostly stay on social media to, you know, at least myself to keep up to date with my family and friends and try and stay out of arguments with people about silly stuff or even about important stuff because, you know, at the end of the day, I have better things to do than to argue over the internet, but as far as anything else, I'm not sure. >> Yeah, I don't know if you mean they don't affect me, like if I'm scrolling past something I don't agree with, does it affect me? I don't know. I mean you like if you're scrolling and you see something that upsets you like sometimes you have the the uh >> like you know something's going on or somebody like u one of your one of my I only have personal friends on Facebook you know sometimes somebody will post something I'm like ah I don't agree with that but I'm like I don't need to tell them so I just leave it alone. I think that's what you're talking about. I also don't add like everybody on social media like on my Facebook and stuff. I try and keep that to people that I know in in real life, >> which helps as well. >> Lexi, haven't joined a live stream in a long time and I joined during the pirate Q time. Yes, for sure. No Facebook for me. I like the phone call. Sure. I think I think there's room for both. Cuz there's times when, you know, you just can't call everybody. And so if I can see a quick picture, like I saw my cousin um you know, had his kids in um in a musical, one of his daughters, and I would and I was really excited to see the pictures from that, but I might not have known that otherwise, right? So, I would have totally missed that if I had just waited for a phone call. Plus, I wouldn't have seen the pictures either. So, I think there's something to be said for like, you know, a lot of people there's no time to stay up with it. But obviously, you know, the social media companies want you to click on things. So, they try everything they can to, you know, spread out all the posts from your family and friends that are personal updates and try and put all the other stuff on there, too. So, but yeah, I think I think there's there's room for both. Right. Phone calls are great. I think personal conversations are wonderful. I I like seeing people face to face. I like hanging out. We were at our friend's house last night. Um that's great. But uh I like getting updates too. You like media likes the local news. Yeah. Sometimes social media is better than television. Yeah. I mean, I I agree that YouTube, for the most part, is although YouTube is changing, too. They're I know they're trying to be hip and cool with the shorts, but that's all they're really worried about now, the shorts and viral stuff. The algorithm is really tough anymore. >> Yeah, we appreciate you being here. Like I says, we're a little stuck for some reason. I might have had a ride stoppage. >> Hopefully, it's all good. David says, "I don't like when people are on my lawn." >> Oh, don't forget to subscribe if you're new. We've got um >> Oh, I can't I can't refresh it now. I have to turn on the Wi-Fi. on my other phone. We're so close. Oh, we're only 13 subscribers away from 214,000. We might actually We might actually hit 214,000 event finally. Yeah, if you're new, subscribe. We only need 13 more. Check this out. Yeah, subscribe if you're new. Uh mom update. Yeah, she's doing great. She's been home for a few days and they've been trying to uh rest up her and dad and Yep, she's doing well. She's trying to um do her physical therapy and stuff to keep her arm strong again. To me, resort TV's the best cuz it feels like we are all invited on a Disney trip with Jos and Jen every day. I love that. Monreal mom and I will be there in less than a month and we look forward to Tranquil Tuesday every single week. And you help us unwind after a long day. Yeah. Thanks. Oh, I'm so sorry. >> Hey, >> Gwen says, "I only watch shorts or reals when I'm super bored or can't sleep. I purposely chose the long form videos like you and Provos and Tracker." Good. Appreciate that. We'll >> give it a few more minutes. We might mail We're moving now. >> My son and I got evacuated off this ride a few weeks ago and received two free lightning lanes. That's fun. >> I always wonder about getting evacuated off this one. Since it's a boat, it makes it a lot more complicated. Jenna's doing great. How are the pirates? you've been evac from OG Journey into Imagination. That's cool. I didn't get evacuated off very many rides um you know a long time ago where we're going. But I feel like um I've been here more. I don't think the rides it wasn't that the rides didn't break down. I just am here a lot more now. like People Mover I've been evacuated off of probably three times maybe three or four times, three times at least. Big Thunder once. That was a really cool We got to walk through the mountain. I think Big Thunder was probably the coolest. Uh test track I've been evacuated off of. I think that's it. Gender's been evacuated off a runaway railway in the tornado scene. That's fun. >> Did they turn off the wind finally? >> What are your thoughts on Alien Encounter? That was fun. It was a good ride or good show. I mean, >> excuse me. Excuse me. I'm sorry. >> Uh Jim, after this I'm going to um the fireworks. >> Anthony says he got evacuated off of Haunted. You can see behind the scenes. That's fun. >> Yeah, I remember Disney stores. Those went away during CO, I believe. Yeah, I took the keys to the kingdom a while back, too. >> It was before we lived here, though. >> Oh, yeah. When we went slow on test track. That was crazy. Somebody says they remember we went test track. We went slow on test track and we were almost completely sideways. Yeah, that was insane. This definitely took longer than 20 minutes. It's fine. It says 15 now. >> How many here, folks? >> Row number two from up. How many here? >> Row number one from cardio one. How many here? >> One. >> Lovely. Let me wait just one moment. >> Would you like the front or the back of the boat? >> Oh, front, please. >> Yeah. Lovely. You having a good day, >> man? Good day. >> Good. >> How about you? >> Can't complain. I'm at Disney. >> Same. >> Lovely. Give me a row one. >> Thank you, sir. >> With strangers. Strangers are scary. >> Yes. Strangers are scary. Yes, we will be watching Happily Ever Raptor right after this. No worries. We got time. >> Okay. >> Welcome aboard everyone. inside the watch and pictures. Prepare tonight. Oh, Donna. No, you wouldn't have to walk through the water at all. They pull you up to a place where you can get off where there's no water, but the cast members may have to get in the water. I believe >> I've heard they have like big waiter pants that they can put on. legs inside everyone and no flashes. Prepare to make sail. Road three, if you guys could just step behind the yellow line for me. You're okay. You're fine. >> Thank you. >> That captain must go down with the ship. I love it. For your safety, remain seated. We watched and >> my friends we watched Goonies last night and no flash. This reminds me of Goonies a little bit. The pirate stuff when I Willie coming. So I'm going to swear on the arms and legs inside. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Red. Yeah. Well, this Yeah. Heat. Oh my god. Yes, SCP or I'll be sending you to Davy Jones outside. I don't know. Do not no idea. I am happy for the wrong strike your feathers. Show them your fl. >> Hey, send them a D. It's the rumbly on your anchor. Now your sweeties, what may I offer these to your taxing by saw you watch Captain Jack Sparrow? You'll never find the trigger without They can't see you. Saturday. 1%. I say this Please help me. romantic movie and watch your abandoned All right, off to fireworks. >> We should just make it. >> The sea's been kind today. But who can tell what day to fly on stranger tides? Mark my words. We'll meet again perhaps some stormy sea. Of course, onward to the bitter end. I'm gonna have to hustle a little bit. >> Oh, they got a rummy shirt. That's fun from Beacon Barrel. >> All right, let's move. >> Hope you enjoyed that. Again, subscribe if you're new. And also, oh, it's 10 minutes now. Yeah, I I probably should have just not waited for it that time. Probably should have just gone after fireworks, but oh well. >> Good evening, dreamers of all ages. In just 10 minutes, the Magic Kingdom invites you to enjoy our nighttime spectacular, Happily Ever After, presented by Pandora. >> My All right. So, yeah, definitely check out one of our awesome sponsors, resortv1homes.com. Again, that's resorttv1homes.com if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida. Even if you want an investment property or if you just want to move down here and find your find your next home, be close to the magic. Resorttv1homes.com's got you covered. We're brokered by EXP Realy and uh just go to the website resortv1homes.com and click on contact us and uh talk to our realtors about what your plans are. That's resortv1homes.com. Happily Ever After is coming up next, so don't go anywhere. >> I'm not reading chat so I can walk kind of fast, not run into anybody. I always like the architecture of these buildings. Even when I was a kid, we'd usually come out this way on our last night at Magic Kingdom and I'd always kind of, you know, we we'd go slow after all the rides were closed and I'd always kind of marvel at the architecture years ago. Hasn't changed too much. At least this part hasn't. Minor changes here and there and that's it. >> All right. >> Yep. I have time. I'm not going to run. I'm just walking quickly. I'm going have to take whatever spots open at this point. My fault for being late. Well, while we're talking about sponsors, let's also talk about David's DVC rentals. DVCrequest.com/tv. If you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, check out David's DVC rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. That's dbcrequest.com/tv. It's a great way if you're not a DVC member to um try out DVC before you buy or feel like h I just need a need a bigger room just for this vacation cuz we got the whole family coming or our friends are coming with us or whatever. They will help you out with that. You don't have to even don't have to buy any contracts or anything like that. You just rent what you need at Davis DVC Rentals dbcreest.com/tv. Sorry. >> All right, here we go. Good. >> Oh, Casey smells good. >> Okay, >> that was pretty efficient. We're almost there. It's hard to be tranquil in a crowd like this, but hey, still magic. Still amazing. All right, I just need to find a way out to the street. Oh, like maybe right here. It's very difficult to get to the street when everybody's sitting on the curb. >> Hey, how are you? >> Thank you. Appreciate that. You guys ready for fireworks? >> Awesome. >> Well, nice to meet you and have fun. >> Let's see. >> Pardon me. Ah, perfection. >> All right, 5 minutes. I'm going to go ahead and switch connections so I can save some battery. Be right back. Good evening, dreamers of all ages. In just a few minutes, the Magic Kingdom invites you to enjoy our nighttime spectacular, Happily Ever After, presented by Pandora. In order for you to fully experience tonight's performance, the lighting around the Magic Kingdom will be reduced. For your own safety and for that of others, we ask that you remain in the same location until lighting returns to normal. Our journey will begin in just a few minutes. Thank you. You don't know that. Wow. Ah, all of this uh pre-show music is so fun. Beauty and the Beast here. Look, there she goes. That girl is strange, but it's special. Do you carry a backup battery pack? I do. Yeah. Oh, changing connection. Now it's changing cellular connection. It says always love your streams offered as positive critique. New phone is dark and blurry. Maybe a settings issue. I don't know. I don't I don't see it that on mine. I'm not sure. Anybody else see dark and blurry? Not sure. I don't see that on my screen. You might want to increase your resolution to maybe uh 1080p. You might be on a lower resolution because it is clear as crystal on mine. Thank you for the critique though. But yeah, let me know if anybody else's looks like that. I think it might just be on your end. >> Yeah, it looks pretty crystal clear here. Yeah. So, just go on to settings, quick resolution, make sure you're on 1080p. That'll make a world of difference. Whole new world. Literally. >> Yeah. Double check. Sometimes YouTube will drop you off with the best quality, but you need 1080p for the best one. Yes, that's what they were singing about. Ginger, a whole new world with 1080p. >> OJ, >> he had he had one during the ride, too. Power Ranger season from Disney. Dino Thunder brought back Tommy as a black ranger. Nice. Thank you for and mentor. Thank you JL for that $5 you should do you show your son in Spider-Man movies Andrew Garfield Tom Holland now he doesn't see Spider-Man either. Uh thanks JL for the two $5 super chats. Well, I hope whoever had the um the blurriness issue got it fixed cuz it looks like everything's good here. All right, here we go. Heat. Heat. And we all live happily ever after. Each of us has a dream, a heart's desire. It calls to us. And we're not brave enough to listen and bold enough to pursue. That dream will lead us on a journey to discover who we are meant to be. All we have to do is look inside our hearts >> and unlock the magic within. >> Ready to begin. Let the wonder take home. Feel it draw you in the moment. I can see that we're meant to follow. Now for a new every step we take brings a new home, a new day. Every choice we made was satisfying. Oh, happy motion. With our hearts when we see your eyes, it's just Give me shall find the ever after joy after what? Shine bright and hold on tight. Nice. Heat. out there. taste upon him out there like a ordinary man who freely walk there just one day and then I swear I'll be content with my share reason what with the power of your destiny lies within you. You just have to be brave enough to see the journey Yes. I know. I will touch the sky. I will touch the sky. Jesus. She know I take I make I know I cannot go where I want to be. See the light shine on the se. And it seems to me and let me know what's my heart. Keep call me the wind behind me. Trust me, having a best friend by your side opens up a whole new world of possibilities. Wow. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. again. That's what friends are. You are free. Now friend now friend. Some people are worth melting for. We don't have to fear anymore. Love isn't my heart. No matter what you say, you'll be here in my heart. Heat. Heat. I see the light and it's like the thought is lifted and I see the light and it's like the sky is blue and it's warm and real and bright and the world is so shed. All everything is different now that I see Nice. >> Now is the most rare and beautiful of all. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Look inside yourself. You are more than what you have become. >> Remember who you are. I have dreams of a far where a hero would be waiting for me. where the crowds would cheer when they see my face. And a voice keeps saying, "This is where I'm meant to be. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. And so our journey comes to an end, but yours continues on. Grab hold of your dreams and make them come true. For you are the key to unlocking your own magic. Now go, let your dreams guide you. Reach out and find your happily ever after. With the battles, misies, the losses, and all the wrong changes. We all have the courage to fly. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you. Oh my god. So good. All right, let's go this way. >> It's a little more um a little more tranquil if we go this direction. Going towards the castle is always a little scary after fireworks. You can do it. You just got to be uh willing to get bumped around a little bit. But no, what a great amazing wonderful spectacular show. I love it. But if you enjoyed Happily Ever After, don't forget to uh leave us a like on the stream, then the thumbs up, subscribe, you know the drill. >> As we listen to the uh exit music, which is so so magical. >> Jordan Fischer and Angie K. Incredible performance. It's a little warmer in here. We don't go anywhere. We're going to stay on. I don't have to go to work tomorrow. So, we'll stay on for a little while. So, stay tuned and we'll um we'll go do a few more rides here cuz the park is open until um 11. Ha's 15. Ah, I'll get over there eventually. I just didn't want to fight the crowd. We'll do that. >> We'll do that soon. There's a lot of people leaving though cuz it is chilly. So, let me get over here. It's like in football. You got to hit the edge. Hit the edge. Okay. It's amazing. Your new phone Your new phone camera made the firework display so crisp. Oh, thank you so much. Yeah, it does a pretty good job on this stuff, doesn't it? >> It's actually sometimes a little too bright, but I I toned it down for the fireworks and I think it's in pretty good shape overall. So, thank you for letting me know. Anybody notice the projection if the projections look better with the new paint on the castle? I don't notice a difference personally, but you know, gray is probably not probably gray is definitely a better projection color than pink because, you know, actual movie screens are light light gray. So, they're almost white, but they're they're a little bit gray, too. So, I would say yes, that's a better projection color. It's more of a neutral color, so it doesn't it doesn't uh tint the colors, but in reality, it would probably be hard to see too much of a difference. >> Good question, though. Fly, fly, fly. >> When you look inside. >> Oh my goodness. >> Look at all that. >> That's what happens after fireworks. All the people is leaving. Now, this is the tough part >> because I got people lining up for Coast Fireworks reserve party, too. So, that creates a little bit of a problem. >> Oh, we'll get there. >> There we go. I made it. They do a pretty good job of crowd control. This park was not designed completely with these type of crowds in mind. When it first opened, it didn't have crowds like this, but they have modified it with the You guys remember there used to not be the circles around the hub. There used to be just the hub and Main Street. And there was a bridge and there was a little the the moat ran right up to the bridge and there was only one way to get to Tomorrowland. Well to two you could go this way still. This was a way but there was no hub grass. There was no area over there and it's so much easier now. Adventures Annie. Good vibes only. Disney adventure with Craig. Hello. >> All right we're making it. >> Let's see what else what we want to ride here. Got about an hour. Okay. How was How was How was Space Mountain 5 minutes? That's weird. They must have just opened. That's funny. It's definitely not going to be 5 minutes for long. Look at everybody running. They're running. They're running. It's Space Mountain. I am not doing that. They're not going to lure me in. False promises of 5 minutes. All right. maybe. >> Okay. >> Hey, Mr. Master. Hey, Rob Fuzz. How you guys doing? >> It's good to see you. Actually, need to put on my uh need to put on my uh extra jacket here. Give me just a second. Buzz Lightyear will be opening up next month. Look at all the people. All right, I got a tripod in here. I know I do. Everybody's running for Space Mountain. Yeah, that wait time is going to go up so fast. I'm not sure how it ever got down to 5 minutes, but holy cow. All right, I've got my uh Old Navy fleece to put on over my little lightweight sweater. That's better. Okay. Thank you for your patience. Now, let's head over to do a People Mover and we'll see what the weight times are after that. Oops. I'm pointing at this guy. Reach for the sky. All right, let's see. Now we'll see what we can do later. I bet there'll be a lot of rides that have low weights after this. Let's see. Let's go this way. >> Hi There we go. All right. Enjoy your journey. >> You were rand one time at Monsters, Inc. >> Use your jacket to disappear. I love that. Please for your safety. Remain seated at all times, keep hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please >> Good night, Amy. just one. >> Thank you. >> Oh, we only have three more. Three more subscribers. Just hold on. It'll it'll fix itself in a second. >> It might not. It's going to be It's going to be uh open and close. Enjoy your journey. >> Whatever. >> It's 997. There it goes. >> 213,97. Please step carefully onto the platform. Step into the car. >> For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet. >> Oh, Jim, you can see Tron from the people over here >> and supern automatically. >> I definitely won't be riding, Tron. It's over 100 minute wait right now. All right, enjoy. This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around Tomorrowland. >> Greetings intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Ror 5, your guide aboard this high sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow and my stars. Is there ever lots to see? Spacecraft to monster labs. There's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. >> For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Trade. Transfer to Green and >> Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling to the future right by two of my favorite spots. Somebody. >> First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot? And a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World. Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny borax. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy, except actually stars. Those are owners. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Run. >> I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Thank you. So, I don't know why we're yelling, but it's this guy right here. And he keeps turning around to see what everybody thinks. It's almost like, "Hey guys, I just discovered yelling. What do you guys think?" No, he's one of those people that just literally likes the sound of his own voice. There's four other people with him and he just has this idea that he's very funny. >> This is Star Wars. >> I think everybody else in the group is scared to tell him to be quietest. We can ride again. Bye there. >> Let relaxation wash over you like the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The cold of Icy 7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Book today. Hey, >> I wish I Hello. Hello. I think that's the case. Paging Mr. Morrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy F31. Please keep all clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. My dad being >> the next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Yeah, I didn't follow my own criticize rules. Sorry. It's all good tomorrow. We're all good. I just was making fun because it was annoying. It was helping me cope. >> So, we'll just enjoy. Is that >> what's the over 56? What's going on? >> What? Take your time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come full. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're concluding, this is always my favorite part because now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. Today. See you in the future. No one no one likes. >> No worries. We'll write it then. All right. Oh yeah, we got to 214,000. That's awesome. >> It's been a long time coming. >> Please keep arms and other attendees away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and tim and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. and remain seated until they open automatically. Step platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> Please keep arms and tiny and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. No, I'm not. I've never been fond of people like that that just need their voice to be heard by everybody. It's a it's a personality disorder, I think, in a lot of people. But the people around him were kind of encouraging him because I guess they probably don't know what else to do. So, just have to let it go and ride again. So, enjoy. Please step carefully. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other advantages inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors, which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. Please step carefully onto the moving platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors, which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. This is the TTA blue line for non-stop service around Tomorrowland. >> Greetings intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Ora 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. the absolute best way to see tomorrow land. And my stars, is there ever lots to see from spacecraft to monster labs. There's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. >> For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders. Transfer to Green and Red Line. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future right by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny borax. On your right is Star Trainers, home to the greatest goods of the galaxy. Except actually stars. Those are no longer. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron White Cycle Run. >> I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. >> Attention travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. Tomorrow, please follow. Thank you. Attention passenger. Please remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the train at all times. Vehicle bumping may occur. Ride motion will begin immediately. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hi. This is Starport 75 or as we locally call it space. Our high-speed rocket pulled to distant deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral rooms of Pisces 7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Vote today. Let relaxation moment. Heat. Heat. Oh, you Paging Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. >> This is Starboard 75. Attention all visitors from Galaxy X31. Please keep all intervals clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the Carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. is going on? Heat. Heat. Take the time to see this show. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come full orbit. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're concluding, this is always my favorite part. Cuz now is the time, now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. Today. See you in the future. I can tell you step back caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> Please keep arms and titty and other attendants away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. and arms. >> Please keep arms and tiny and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> Thank you. >> All right. Well, that was much better and I hope you enjoyed it. One of the nice things about it being a little chilly is that the uh battery charges quite quickly. >> So, it's gone up like almost 20% just in the in that one ride, the last ride. Not even I plugged it in during the second ride. All right. So, looking at what we can do. Jungle Cruise is only 10 minutes. That's kind of relaxing, right? I don't think I'm up for getting wet tonight. Tiana is 5 minutes as you might expect. Maybe we do Jungle Cruise and then Haunted. I don't know. Uh yeah, I think that sounds like a plan. 120 minutes for Tron, 45 for Space Mountain. Yeah, why don't we do a little jungle cruise? >> Okay. Three times in a row makes for a perfect second chance. It was It was great. Great, great, great. >> No, the good news is I think experiences like that where somebody's just being obnoxious, you know, for no reason is it's still pretty rare. Most people know how to act appropriately and things like that, so that's good. All right. I'm going to be quiet through here. It's just so nice here. They put your If you have headphones on, the stream is very much stereo. So, uh, listen with headphones if you can. Thanks for riding. Thank you. Stay here. >> Yeah. They do such a great job just easing you in from Tomorrowland to Main Street, don't they? The music is just such a smooth transition and I don't know, it's masterful, honestly. No, but before So before this whole hub transition area here, this was the only way to get through like straight through the hub and that was the only way to get to Tomorrowland. Crazy. Everybody's lined up for the parade. Second show starts at 10:30, but it starts in Frontier Land. I'm glad you guys liked the second People Mover ride. I also understand that people need to go to bed because obviously you may have work tomorrow and things like that. You can watch the rest tomorrow if you want. I will at some point be live probably at Animal Kingdom tomorrow. Normally I'm not live on Wednesday, but I think like I said earlier, if you missed it, Jenna has got something going on. So she told me I could go live if I wanted to. So we share the days, of course, and uh not that we don't want to be together, but just that, you know, it's nice for us to do our own streams sometimes. Plus the scheduling works better sometimes with that as well. So you get you get different flavor streams. You get the ones where we have together time which is like on Fridays usually and then you have uh you know the ones where we do them separately and it's like I said mostly based on schedule but it ends up being you get the different personalities with the different streamers which is hopefully a good thing for everybody into Fantasy Land. Another fun transition. Well going to Fantasy Land you got to go through the castle. That's amaz that's immediately amazing. You are so right. >> Yes, I'm on spring break, which is why I'm not worried about getting home to get to bed like right away at least. So, Let's talk about a few other awesome sponsors. >> Uh, we talked about Davis DBC Rentals. We need to talk about um Behind the Ride on Amazon or Disney Demystified on Amazon. If you want to find out how all your favorite rides are created, just go check out Behind the Ride or Disney Demystified on Amazon. You can just search them up, download them, buy a hard copy if you really want. There's also audio book for for uh Disney Demystified. So, all kinds of different uh opportunities for all that on Amazon. So, again, go to Amazon, search for Behind the Ride or search for Disney Demystified. Check it out. love the stream that you did together with your family when you were all staying at Animal King Lodge. Oh, yeah. That was fun. Yeah, it was 24 hours. That was fun. All right, let's see. What a nice stream. I'm so glad, Julie. Appreciate that you take us on so many rides. Oh, you're very welcome, Don. Yeah, >> I do my best. >> All right. >> A lot of the outdoor rides are less busy right now because it is pretty chilly. >> Chilly for March in Florida anyway. >> All right. What other sponsors do we have? Oh, >> we have uh >> Dream Table. If you want to get a reservation for a restaurant like or an experience like Beacon Barrel, >> Gio82, even Cinderella's Royal Table, you can just go to um Dream Table. It's an app in the app store, only on iOS for right now. So, just go to um go to the app store and search for Dreamtable or you can also go to uh their website dreamtable.co. But either way, it's a really really cool app and it helps you find reservations. All the hardest to find resort rooms, so like a resort um sorry um restaurants. Look, Coke. I know that that's probably not any good. It's also probably not Coke, but hey, I digress. Okay, so here, let me load up Dream Cable. I'll show you what it does while we're waiting. My phone will actually Oh, there there was one I did for uh Cinderella's Royal Table. I need to delete that one probably. Uh delete. Okay. So, you just go to Dream Table. You go to create alert. Has all these different places. Go to Walt Disney World restaurants. Let's say we want Beacon Barrel. Let's see. Oh, >> it might be under pirates. >> Weird. I don't know where Beacon Barrel is. Hold on. >> Oh, we need space 220. It's on there somewhere. >> Party size. Let's go four. Select a date. >> Uh what about uh tomorrow? dinner >> create alert. >> Now, it's not going to book a reservation for me. It's just going to tell me if there's something available and it'll search and then when uh it finds something, it notifies me and then it gives me a link to go book it. So, it's a really really cool app. I'll let you know if it finds something. I made it for tomorrow, so that wasn't very fair to it. >> That's table. Necrophobic, I'm glad that you've been here since the beginning. >> Thanks for being here. >> This line got a little bit longer, but it's still not too bad. not going to be doing that. Can I stop that white line for me? >> No, you're not in line. You're not in line. >> Oh, I asked you. So I started cutting in front of >> people. I think this day. The >> line's not moving too fast, but that's okay. I measured the parade and then we handed over side by side. Yeah. Oh, >> now we're going. >> Oh, sorry, Julie. Upset upset stomach is no fun. >> Hey, Aaron. >> Something about having an upset stomach, it just takes over your whole like conscious thought process. At least it does for me. I've gotten better about it, but I used to have a really nervous stomach when I was a kid and like if I'd get a stomach ache, then that's all I could think about. And then the thinking about it made it worse. It was really, really bad sometimes. probably do one advanced after this. It's not too far and it's down to 13 minutes now. I still got that way, especially in crowded restaurants. Usually I can step outside and get some fresh air. That does help sometimes. Change of scenery and get fresh air. What grade do you teach? Um, I teach high school >> high school music and um, yeah, some of the students know. I mean, I don't advertise it, but yeah, some of them know. >> Oh, yeah. We're almost there now. Must have been just a stoppage of boats for some reason. Maybe they were loading a wheelchair or something. That does happen. We're moving well now. But that's another u another important fact. If you are uh if you or somebody in your party has a wheelchair or scooter, you can ride this and you don't have to even get out. Um there's a special boat. It kind of like a little uh um basically a platform that comes up. You can roll the chair or scooter onto it and then lock it down and then it rolls right back onto the boat. So that's pretty cool. Anxiety still affect my belly? Yeah. >> Yeah. It's common for sure. >> I've gotten better about it since I uh have been older, but it is, you know, every once in a while still comes up. >> How many? >> One. >> One. >> Any preference on what side for filming? >> Uh maybe the left side if that's okay. Right over there. >> Thank you. Side by side right here. I >> feel like there's a lot more to see on the left side of the boat a lot of times. >> Oh my gosh. >> You want to be a part of it? The jungle crew. Oh my gosh, >> this is going to be pretty good. I mean, it's a very normal door. The bus doesn't work anymore. >> That wouldn't be a great idea. It's >> not getting any better from here on out. >> Watch your step, folks. Make sure you guys handily step. >> Thank you guys for sitting in that doorway. It helps us keep the water out. I'm joking. Nothing keeps the water out. Clear to get out of here. Now, folks, before we have some fun, let's go over some safety real quick. For the duration of this boat ride, please remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat at all times with your back pockets always touching the seat. And parents, please supervise your children >> and children, supervise your parents. And with that folks, I would like to welcome you aboard the world famous Jungle Cruise where we are world famous for being famous around the world. My name is Skipper Nick. You can call me Skip for short. And today I will be your tour guide, your best friend, and hopefully by the end of our journey together, your mate of honor if you guys are looking. And we begin our journey here in the Amazon River where it rains 486 days a year. And I know what you're thinking. Must be a leap year. On the left hand side, we are passing Inspiration Falls. And I know what you're thinking. Again, Skipper Dick, why do we call them Inspiration Falls? Well, me personally, anytime I see running water, I'm inspired to go deeper and deeper into the jungle. That is Everybody say ooh. >> Ooh. >> It's pretty good. We can do a little better. Everybody say, "Ah." >> Ah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Everybody say, "Skipper Nick, you're doing such a good job." >> Nick, you're doing such a great job. >> And I've always said that. >> Now, folks, we are entering the Congo River and we're going to see how far this little boat can go. It's not going to be very far with me as your skipper. I'll tell you that right now. Oh, hello. Big old snake sitting in a tree. H I S S I N G. Folks, as we continue on this trip, we're going to see a lot of weird things. I told you not to bother me when I'm at work. Look what they did to my car. They left the lights on. My battery's going to be dead. I'll never get that thing to turn over. Well folks, we are now entering the Nile River. This is the longest section of our journey because this part goes on for miles and miles and miles. Whoa, look at that. Say something. Say it in French. >> That's what we like to hear, folks. That is an African bull elephant. Fun fact about elephants, they have the best memory of any living animal. Hand of God. Wa! Folks, that is an African bull elephant. Fun fact about elephants, they have the best memory of any living animal. And a guy, you know, that kind of memory would come in real handy for this job. I'll tell you what. Well, folks, this is the African belt and it is home to a plethora of wildlife such as giraffes, gazels, goo, gions, and gazebras. And you know what I always say? No news is good news. All right. Maybe that one's just for me. Oh, wow. Uh uh. Pay no attention to that over there, folks. The the zebra in the lines. I'm the zebra's just tired, you know. He's sleeping. He's uh he's dead tired. >> Anyways, moving on from that. Coming up on the right hand side, we have Skipper Felix's campsite. He's doing some research for us. And as you can see, nothing's going on there because if something were going on over there, I would have to fill out paperwork and we're almost done here, so I don't want to do that. But isn't Botney amazing, folks? That tree had zero limbs on it this morning, and now it's got 20. That's amazing. I wonder what happened to his boat. Well, here on the right hand side, we got our favorite crocodile, Smiley and Ginger. Give them a wave. They're super nice. And just be careful about Ginger. Ginger snaps. Now, ladies and gentlemen, in front of you is the most beautiful sight in all of the jungle. Took me a couple times to hit that switch. Uh, but that there's a water bomb. Did you know more water comes over that in one minute than a person can drink in their entire lifetime? Sounds a little hard to swallow. Oh, hello. Looks like somebody took a crash course in jungle navigation. I bet they started winging it. Ah, that's a shame. Oh, look at these hippos. Oh no, that's a lot of hippos. Oh boy. Folks, we are being surrounded by hippos right now. Um, don't worry. I'll I'll scare them away the way I scared off all my ex-girlfriends. I love you. >> Let's move in together. >> I know we've only known each other three weeks, but you want to get married. >> Hey, if it worked in real life, it can work here. >> Oh, look at that. We found Skipper Field and his boat. >> I mean, it's been taken over by chimpanzees, but this one's got a map. >> Oh, I was supposed to go left at the waterfall. We should be fine. Maybe >> um here on the left hand side folks is uh more chimpanzees and it looks like these ones found the butterflies. >> You know folks, butterflies just aren't what they used to be because they used to be caterpillars. >> A heal. >> Ladies and gentlemen, it's the moment you've all been waiting for. It is the beautiful, the glamorous, the eighth wonder of the world, the backside of water. Woo! O2 H2 H O2 H. You get it? It has an H2O, but it's the backside of You. >> Sorry, folks. I just like making chemistry jokes periodically. Only when I'm in my element. All right, folks. We are entering the Mong River. And this creepy looking temple is Mayong a little nervous. So, I think this is the part where Skipper Nick is going to take a welldeserved break. You're on your own for this part. Heat. Heat. I want you. All right, folks. We did it. We made it out of there in one piece. And now here we are in the elephant pool. And you know, fun fact about elephants, they have the best memory of any living animal. And I got Did you also know they can grow up to 4 feet? Yeah. Humans can only grow two. Look at this cute little baby taking a bath under the full moon. >> Hey, back it up. >> Sorry. The elephants like to spray our boats in water sometimes, so we just got to make sure they're not outstanding. No, no, no, no, no. I'm kidding. You guys aren't going to get wet. That's just a little bit of dry humor. Anyway, no, no. Duck, duck, goose. I crack myself up. You know, folks, I've done this tour probably about a thousand times now. You know, I mean, I'm on work release, so I just got to keep going till my debt's paid off. But, um, I'm never bored every time I come out here. You know, there's always something new to see, something new to learn. Like, uh, oh, perfect example right up there. Do you guys see those plants up there? The other day, I found out those are called hibiscus plants. Yeah. Uh, the ones down here closer to the ground are low biscus plants. Yeah, the ones in the water are sea biscus. I had some for breakfast today. Biscus and gravy. And this is for my ' 90s kids out there. I make music with some of them. I call them lint biscus. Yes, sir. It's just one of those days here on the Jungle Cruise. A baby elephant. He got seeded from his family back there. That's a shame. >> I hope you find your way back. >> I'm sure he remembers the way cuz I don't know if you folks knew this, but elephants have the best memory of any living animal. Now folks, we're nearing the end of our time together here on the Jungle Cruise. And if you enjoyed being on my boat, my name is Skipper Nick. It's been an absolute pleasure having you guys on board this evening. And if you haven't enjoyed being on my boat, my name is Skipper Michael. and you can lodge a complaint about me up front. All right, folks. As we approach the dock, just remember to remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat at all times. Parents, continue supervising your children. Children, continue supervising your parents. And you know, it's been a real great time with you guys. It's been a good evening. Chill vibes. But uh I think it's time to tell you what my best friend told me when he found me sneaking away on his honeymoon with him. He said, "Skipper Nick, you don't have to go home, but you can't stay here." And with that, he put his hand on my shoulder and he gave me the two most important words I've ever heard, and I will impart them unto you guys now. He looked at me and he said, Bye-bye. >> Thank you so much for joining us this evening on the jump crew, folks. Watch your hand, watch your step, make sure you're using those handrails, and just make sure you guys aren't crossing over those in the center. >> Oh, that was awesome. Very cool. All right. Well, let's Let's go do uh happily ever not happily ever after. That was We did that earlier. Haunted Mansion. Yeah, the other the other thing that starts with an H. Oh, he was very good. And no lag in the tunnel of lag. How about that? That's cool. That's exciting. That doesn't happen very often. Sometimes on these uh the cooler nights seem to be better for signal. I don't know why. Also, more people left because it was cold. Yeah, that little elephant at the little, you know, pretend gift shop there at the end actually does look like Little Red from the safari. I remember that. I was wonder why they took that out. It was just fun. I mean, I you kind of like the whole ride was about education, which is great, but then, you know, adding that little like, oh, we got to save Little Red. Like that's I don't know. It just was a nice >> It was a nice touch. >> Probably was just extra cast members to act it out or something >> and you could under you could understand every word. Yes, for sure. Also, I was in the back and there was a speaker right next to me, so that helped. There are times when I'm right by the engine, which I was, but then there's not a speaker there and it makes it hard to understand. Oh. Oh, we got to hear the ending. Oh, it's my favorite. Heat up here. Great sound there. It was like speakers all around us and they were really loud. I liked it. Music is cool. Oh, and then back to the Liberty Square music. >> All right. >> Still going strong. Yeah. >> Okay. >> Yeah. I'm on spring break, so I don't have to work tomorrow. The end is my favorite, too. Yeah. It's just so good. Like, it's so well written. It gives you all the all the warm fuzzies. All right. Oh, Dream Table already found me. >> Dream Table already found me a table. Look, >> look. So, I can go to I can go to Space 220 tomorrow. There you go. >> I just have to click on it. It tells me Oh, yeah. >> Yeah. 620. And I can just put the button and bush push the button and book it. >> Oh, Rosemary uh Rosemary Lavin sent $25 uh PayPal. Uh thank you for the relaxing stream. Glad mom is okay. God bless you. Thank you so much. I appreciate that. All right. Uh let me switch connections really quick. >> Thank you. All right, we'll be right back. And we're back. This is weird. There's no people in front of me. Nothing like walking through Haunted Mansion and Q by yourself. Welcome. Please all stopping at the line. No soul left behind. >> How often does that happen? >> Are we born? Well, nobody's left after all. After this, I'm going to wrap it up and send you guys to the 24-hour ride stream and get a cookie and go home. >> It's been a great night. >> I don't know that I've ever walked up to this door and like been the first person or at least very rarely. Yeah, bet. Ruth, you got to make cookies. You got to invite everybody over, too. I'm just kidding. >> Your time has come. this way. >> Gather around the dive. >> When hinges creek in doorless chambers and strange and frightening sounds echo through the halls. Whenever candle lights occur, where the air is deathly still, that is the time when ghosts are present, practicing their terror with foolish delight. Welcome foolish mortals to the haunted mansion. I am your host, your ghost host. >> Our tour begins here in this gallery here where you see paintings of some of our guests as they appeared in their corruptible mortal state. Kindly step all the way in, please, and make room for everyone. There's no turning back now. Let me this time drag your bodies away from the wall and into the tents. >> Your cadaavverous power betrays an aura of foroding almost as though you sense a disquing metamorphosis. Is this haunted room actually stretching or is it your imagination? And consider this dismaying observation. This chamber has no windows and no doors, which offers you this chilling challenge to find a way out. Of course, there's always my way. Oh, I didn't mean to frighten you prematurely. The real chills come later. Now, as they say, look alive and look into our state. Do not cool down the safety bar. I will lower this and leave this warning. The spirits will materialize only if you remain quietly seated at all times. Oh yes, and no flash pictures, please. We spirits are frightfully sensitive. Our library is well stocked with priceless first editions. Only ghost sto and marvel busts of the greatest ghost riders the literary world has ever known. They have all great time. Actually, we have 999,000. Any volunteers? If you decide to join us, final arrangements may be made at the end of the final here in this ocean. Every room has wall to walk as hot and cold running through. Let me out. Tail of light. Call in the spirits wherever they're at. Wrap on a table. It's time to respond. Send us a message from somewhere beyond. and coolies from last Halloween. Awaken the spirits with your tambourine. Creepies and crus have received your sympathetic vibration and are beginning to materialize. The assembling swing waits and they'll be expecting me. I'll see you all a little later. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. They never kiss. We live happily ever after. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Happy to find Happy kill. Heat. Heat. There's a little matter I forgot to mention. Beware of hitchhiking ghosts in the land. They have selected you to fill our own and they'll haunt you until you return. just now. We've been dying to have you. Now I will raise the safety bar and a ghost will follow you home. Hey, I put in more rides in the last hour. We enter. >> All right, that was pretty awesome. I wasn't by myself on the ride or the elevator, but I was the first one in. And uh what was there's Mr. Toad. What was super cool was the fact that uh it was so quiet on the stretch in the stretch room. I might post that Haunted Mansion ride through as a separate video. That's why I didn't talk at all during any of the stuff because I was like, well, I don't normally anyway, but like even between the stretch room and the and the ride, I was like, this is perfect. I need to repost this as a as another ride because you never get it that quiet. Like, yeah, there were a couple people that said something, but like usually it's so loud in the stretch room, and this time everybody just was quiet. All closed up over there. I mean, everything's closed. Okay, here. Let's turn up the turn up the quality now. Anyway, I hope you guys have had a fun night. Still clear. Great ride through. Good. And yeah, no lag on any of these. Like, we're really doing well. There was a tad bit of lag when I walked out of the building, but that doesn't count. The ride itself was perfect. So, yeah, I'll probably repost that. Bit rate says, "That's a great idea." Thanks. Uh here, let's turn the uh brightness back up a little bit. It was uniquely quiet. Always fun when those moments happen. Congrats on 230. Oh, we just hit 214,000, but thank you. That's awesome. I think we hit 213,000 during New Year's, so it's been a while since we hit another milestone. But you know what? We'll get there. Eventually, the algorithm will decide it likes us again. Yeah, for sure, Heather. It's such a treat. Park cleared out quick tonight. Look at this. This phone does such a great job. >> I remember when I used to stream at night and people said they couldn't see and now it's like night vision. Great stream. Now off to bed. Yes. Thank you for hanging out. Uh if you need to go to bed, please feel free to do so and definitely have a great night. We appreciate it. >> Oo. Two hot left. >> Oh, sorry. >> I'll take a coffee. >> I'll take a hot chocolate. Is that a hot chocolate? Oh, perfect. >> One coffee left. Does anyone want a coffee? Anna. >> Yes. Perfect. >> Thank you. Appreciate it. >> Thanks. >> Hot chocolate. Sweet. >> Is that for YouTube? >> What's that? >> Is that for YouTube? >> Yeah, it's live right now. >> What What um YouTube is? >> It's called Resort TV1 is the channel name. >> Resort TV. Okay. >> Yeah, I'll follow you. >> Oh, thank you. You guys have a good night. >> Thank you. You too. >> Free hot chocolate. >> Sweet. >> Thanks, Disney. How fun. How nice of them to stand there and do that. That's very nice. handing out hot chocolate and coffee to people. >> I know. Bonus. >> I don't even need a Coke. This is better. Did I say that out loud? But it's nice. It's It's a little chilly out. The hot chocolate's perfect. >> It's actually I can feel it right now. It's actually too warm to drink right now. I need to let it cool a little bit, but then I'll eat it. I'll I'll drink it and eat my cookie. >> You get your mom. >> That's amazing. And then um your dad's night. >> Oh, it smells so good. >> 10:11 here. I'm not ready for bed. Okay. Well, you don't, like I said, you don't have to go to bed, but the stream is going to end pretty soon. Ah, seem to make many people's evening at the ice cream parlor with some ice cream at the end. I've seen that, too. That's very nice. Those are the little things, you know. Uh we used to try and do that at McDonald's sometimes, uh if we had extra food. Sometimes they we I worked at McDonald's when they used to make extra of everything. They'd make the it wasn't food wasn't made to order like it is at most fast food places. They'd make especially during the rushes. They'd make quarter pounders. They'd make a bunch of Big Macs. They'd make a bunch of the uh sandwiches. And if we got to the end of the night and there was some left, um as long as they hadn't been sitting there too long, they would they would anybody was in the store, they'd hand them out to people. It was It was really fun. It It is fun to just give something to somebody, you know, that they're not expecting, even even something little, you know. Oh, we got pixie dust. Absolutely. Oh, good night Max. Happy birthday. Somebody write down the date. Josh said at times Josh said hot chocolate's better than Coke. Yeah. Well, number one, number one, it's free and number two, it's actually chili. So, there you go. I know he's kidding, but do I like Mexican food? Uh, you know what? I I like it. It's not my favorite, but I actually do like it. Depends on obviously it has to be made well, but yeah, I love the breakfast sandwiches. I know. I I like those, too. I actually miss the McDonald's fries, the old ones. They're still okay if you get them warm, but man, those old school McDonald's fries. Oh, chef's kiss. >> I wish they'd go back to them. I've always said with the fries, they said, "Oh, they changed it to make it healthier." I'm like, it's fries. They're not going to be healthy. Like, you know, you're not supposed to eat them all the time. But >> anyway, beautiful. All right. Well, I think it's time to head down the street >> and we're going to say good night. >> I hope you guys have an awesome evening. I I probably will see you tomorrow on the stream. We'll see. Want to double check, make sure it's okay with our family schedule and that Jenna uh is definitely not going live. I'm pretty sure that's what she said, but you know, just want to double check with everybody and make sure we're all good. And if not, then we'll uh or if if if everything's good, then I'll be should be live at Animal Kingdom tomorrow. Uh some sometime sometime in the afternoon. I can't talk. All right, I got to try the hot chocolate. Oh, yeah. It's good stuff. Burns your tongue a little bit. It's worth it. >> Yeah. Yeah, I don't go to Animal Kingdom that much, so it's nice to nice to get some Animal Kingdom time in. You know what? Let's get a >> get a picture with Mickey and Minnie here. I want to make sure I'm not in their picture, these people's picture next to me. >> There we go. >> Perfection. What phone do I stream on? This is new. It's S26 Ultra. I love it. It's a great phone. >> So, I started charging my phone on People Mover after being live for over four hours. Uh, and it still had 20 like 23% left. Like this phone would probably stream for if I never turned on the uh Wi-Fi and cellular together, it would probably stream for close to 5 hours, which is that's so cool. And they didn't even increase the battery size. They just increased the processor efficiency. Oh, >> yeah. I'm glad they never got rid of the gold statues for the 50th. I mean, they're just really cool. Like that. It's nice that they left them. >> They were cool for the 50th, but then they just took the 50s off of them. And there you go. Actually, you can really tell that the castle color. Hold on. I'm going to I'm going to zoom for you. You can't You guys can't see it. Let me turn down the brightness a little bit. Now you can see it. Look at that. You can really tell. Thanks, Mr. Master. Thanks, everybody. Thank you, random exploring. What park should you do? What two parks should I do with a three-year-old? Ooh, definitely Magic Kingdom. 100% Magic Kingdom. Uh, I'd say Magic Kingdom. probably, you know, probably still Magic Kingdom in Epcot just because there's enough rides for kids and there's even a couple little playgrounds for kids at Epcot, which is nice. >> Animal Kingdom's cool, but I still think Oh, it depends on if they super like animals. Like if they super if they like animals a lot, then that might be the Animal Kingdom might be the second one, but Magic Kingdom 100% for sure. Um, with, you know, kids especially. And Epcot and Epcot's got some good character meet and greets, too. So, you can do that. Plus, you know, you got Frozen, which most most young kids like. Figment is pretty popular. Donald, Grand Fiesta Tour, um, Nemo. So, there's just there's a lot of rides that kids would like at Epcot as well. So, I think Epcot and Magic are your two most kid-friendly parks. So, but I am going to send you guys over to the 24-hour stream. Let me get out of this nice person's picture here. Says, "Nice week." So, you get a pink castle with the lights. Yeah, they can they can change the colors with the different lighting packages for sure. They have about 13 minutes until Starbucks closes. So, I'm going to say good night to you guys, but it's been awesome. So, yeah, we're heading to the 24-hour stream. I'm sending you to the 24-hour ride stream. It's on Resort TV 24/7. Go subscribe over there if you haven't. It's a really, really cool channel. Um, I'm going to keep adding to it. It's not going to it's it's not going to always stay the same. I haven't had a lot of time to to add anything to it uh for a few days, but it's a great um it's just something I'm really proud of. So, would love to have love to have you guys over there. Anyway, eventually I'm going to I'm going to add a resort channel. So, I definitely want to do that, too. Like resort TV channel. >> A Thanks, Noel. Thanks, Robert. All right. Uh we'll see you tomorrow. Let me let me talk about our um YouTube platinum members. Thank you moppers. Thank you hoppers. Thank you YouTube platinum members. Hold on just a second. >> Platinum members. These are people that that pledge um $50 a month on YouTube. We appreciate it. Thank you Patreon members as well. Thanks for being Patreons. >> We appreciate all the support. Uh, we got our platinum members, Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Stephanie Mertz, Go Mini, IM515, Jack Spar, Sorcerer, Mickey, My Crazy Grown-Up Wife, Chuck Polly, The Amazing, Jayla, Moxley, Cicander, Donnie, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali, Verizmon, Alan J. Thank you so very much, everybody. We'll see you maybe tomorrow. And JL, uh, $5 again. Ever go to old Nickelodeon Studios where they used to shoot game shows and TV sitcoms? Yeah, I did go there actually once. Uh Jo, that is a pretty cool place. Oh, hold on. My windscreen is in the way. The windscreens don't fit on this phone super well. So, that's only it's one little drawback on this phone. The windcreens are not super They don't They just don't fit. The cameras are too big. Uh but anyway, that's all right. Okay. Well, we will see you over on the 24/7 channel and I'm going to enjoy my hot chocolate and I'm going to enjoy a chocolate chip cookie and I'll see you tomorrow and on the 24/7. Again, thanks Mers for keeping the chat friend family friendly as always. And thank you Hoppers for being amazing. I'll see you soon everybody. All right, everybody. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. They were >> good.
