---
video_id: UwmpeA9MnJI
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Magical Monday at Magic Kingdom & the Monorail Resorts - 2-2-26 - Disney World Live Stream"
published: 2026-02-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwmpeA9MnJI
---
Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live today for Magical Monday here at the Montreal Resorts and soon in a little while we'll be heading over to Magic Kingdom. So, welcome in guys. Before [music] we get too far into the video, want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all the social media or Resort TV one on all of the things. All right, we're going to start inside. Well, we started out, but we're going to head inside cuz it is fairly chilly out still. Let's go inside. Also, there's some copyrighted music going on already. [laughter] It's a good song. Here we go. Hi, Scott. Hi, Eden. Benjamin, T-Ird is here. Noel, Jim, Bev, Miss Disney Fan, and Mara. Hello, Gio. Zelina, Disney Adventures with Craig, Disney, Deb, Becca, uh, Waldo, Diana is here, Jilly. Um, let's head upstairs. Welcome in, guys. Sorry if I missed you, but so glad you're here on this magical Monday. I'm sure it's chilly where you guys are, too. And oh my goodness, we have been frozen here in Florida. Literally, there's been ice. I haven't seen it personally, but I've seen pictures. So, yeah, good times. Hi, Andrew. Hi, Patricia. Hi, Caleb. Spider Bro. Karen is here. Welcome in. Hi, Christine. Hi, Rob. All right. So, hi David. Um, we're just going to explore. We're going to go around and explore some of the resorts. And then, like I said, then we're going to head over to Magic. And maybe it'll be a little bit warmer. We shall see. Hi, Bespoke Magic. Hey, Resort Fun. Hi, Ryan. Tony Hall, Daryl, and Victoria. How are you guys? Welcome in. Haven't been to the resorts for a little while. So, they're always fun to explore and a good place to go when it's either really hot or cold. So, normally we're we're trying to get away from the heat. Today, we're trying to get away from the cold. All right, welcome in, guys. So pretty. And uh so today I'm not by myself. I have Sharon. Hello. Hello. And no ears. This is weird, but I have a hat with ears. We just took it off for that inside. So, it's gonna be awesome. We're gonna enjoy the day. And yeah, how about shopping? >> Shopping first thing. >> Agreed. Shopping at Disney. What a great way to start your Monday morning. >> Coffee first and then shopping. >> And then shopping. >> I did too. I had it on the way cuz I knew we wouldn't be going into the park. So, I'm like I mean we could have got it at Joffrey's I guess but I like my Starbucks. Me, too. >> I like that. Hi, Anthony. Do you love Disney? That's awesome. >> Oh, is this one new? The The turquoise is new. >> Sure is. This color. >> Cute. Is it the same material as this one? [music] >> I I think >> No, it's a little softer. Yeah. Actually, I saw some of these at the outlet. I don't know if it was this color, but it was >> Mickey pillows. >> Mhm. >> So, you have to go watch my outlet video to find out. Yeah. And it goes with this throw blanket, which I love. Hi, Jonathan. Hi, Karen. Miss Dizzy fan. Kay is here. The >> color of a of a famous jewelry store box. >> Oh, you're right. Fancy. [laughter] Tiffany's breakfast at Tiffany's. Wait, >> pillow. >> Yeah, I like that. Um, and then I like these tiny little succulents. I think they're cute. They're $25 each. >> Hi Pam. Hi chicken dog. You're not a Joffrey's fan either. Oh yeah, we'll definitely have to check out the new resort um views. >> Oh yeah. >> Yeah. Oh my goodness. This is so cute, but so funny. We've got a mug of ride vehicle succulents. Not just ride vehicles. Ride vehicle succulents. I [laughter] love that. [gasps] >> It's like a Stan Stanley cup, but it's not Stanley. However, it is $55. >> Pretty big. >> Yeah. The trash can one though is pretty pretty good. >> You're good on throw pillows. Okay. But you would replace them with Mickey ones. Good morning, Tim. He's in his ninja mode. I love it. >> Perfect. Well, they have um some of the candles here. So, if you're wanting one of the candles, these are all so cute. Aren't >> they cute? I love this one with Jose. >> And it even has the song Tick Tick Tick Tick. Oh my goodness. >> I've always loved this one. >> I know. Me, too. And after the candle's gone, you can just keep it. >> Mhm. >> This is pretty. >> This is I know. The Small World one. They're all different scents. Hi, Thoren. Hi, Bill. >> Does it say what scent? Fresh citrus citrus. I love the smell of orange candles. >> This one's fresh lemon basil. >> Not not going to open. That's okay. >> Oh, it's it's sealed. Ah. >> Mhm. You get the sniff. Yeah. Okay. Good deal. Oh, look. This one's new. An Ursula mug. If you're an Ursula fan, there [music] you go. Trying the Starbucks pink drink. Ooh, delicious. You're going to like it. $24.99 for that. Oh, that was hard. Let me tell you. I did it though. >> Oh, no. Catalina, I'm so sorry. I hope I hope you're okay. Are you sick? Is that what's going on? I hope you feel better. >> I know there's a lot of things going around right now. 2026 years. Hi, Jessica. >> What year it was? >> Yeah. You forget. Check it out. >> Happy um or hello to all the hoppers. Yes. Hi, Awesomeness. >> This looks Oh, it's DVC. What's the back look like? >> There must be something. >> Oh, cute. >> Hi, Tom. We'll be there in July at El West. Maybe we'll look at houses within about 30 to 35 minutes at Disney. Amazing. Um, so definitely check out our sponsor, resortv1homes.com. If you're wanting to move here to Central Florida, resortv1homes.com will help you. >> That is cute. >> Really cute. >> So, go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Resorttv1homes.com, guys. Again, brokered by EXP Realy. Check us out. This is cute. Oh, this is new. A little fanny pack here. It's Loungefly. $65. They got this, too. For $44.99. Oh, this is so cute. I know it's for kiddos, but it looks so cute. >> There's a lot of cute hoodies. >> So many cute hoodies. >> They're selling a lot of them. >> I still want that one that Jesse Mouse got. >> Uhhuh. This one? >> Uh, no. The the embroidered one. >> The one with the she got last Monday. >> She got just last time. So cute. I should have just bought it. >> I love this one. >> Good morning, Amy. Oh, sorry, Catalina. Hi, Mia. >> It is pretty cool. But that's why we decided to do the resorts first. Um, get a little little resort fun. But yeah, these are those bags that you and I have that hold your ears. They have good space in them. >> I just like the way it feel. Like it's not overly heavy, which I love. >> Yeah. >> Yeah, you can. I can't fit my coat in there, but pretty much everything else. >> I bought this shirt the other day. This one with the Disney um girl girly or whatever shirt. >> Oh, I love that shirt. >> You know, if you buy two, it's cheaper. So, I did. >> Yeah. >> Yep. Just a Disney girl. >> Yep. They're cute shirts. They're coming out with some really nice ones. This one's fun. I like this one. And the other day, mom and I got the Winnie the Pooh one. Spring is in the air. Can't wait to wear that one. So, yeah. >> Yes, they have some good shirts. >> Good shirts. And they're getting ready for the Villains Land, of course. All the Villains fans. Hi, Matt. You like the resort streams? Awesome. Thank you so much. I'm glad you like them. You're off today and come watch. Amazing. So, they do have the castle ears back. So, this is the front and this is the back. They're great ears. This is exactly you see where I'm now. >> They have these from last year that match our backpacks. These are this year. >> But yeah, a lot of fun things in this shop. I always love coming in here cuz they >> they always have a great variety. >> Yeah, super fun. >> See here. Hang on, guys. Make sure um I see lounge flies. >> Oh, they have stony clover in here, too. Um, [music] >> okay, cool. We might have friends [music] joining here in a little while. Oh, look how cute this is. Wonder what brand this is. Is that pretty? >> Really pretty. >> Jesse would love these cuz it's pink and green. She loves pink and [music] green. I know. The Doney bag is amazing. >> These would come in great handy today. >> They're also just adorable. >> Yeah, nice letter like a letter [music] jacket. >> I absolutely love these. They're just so cute. But what would you fit in it? >> Not even my Maybe your phone. Yeah, >> this one's cute, too. Chapstick. There you go. >> A small [music] wallet. Like just the necessities. >> Like a card case. >> Yeah. Yeah. Oh, look. >> Your ID card. >> Look at these. So cute. Little patches. Yeah, we're gonna have some more friends come here in a little while. >> Tim's credit card. >> Tim's credit card will fit in there. >> Yeah, agreed. Mhm. Hi, Eddie. Do they have the new pink [music] ears? No. >> I know. I love the color. It looks nice [music] and thick, too, which I >> It is love. >> Perfect for today. >> And I like the purple one, but obviously everybody else did, too. Mhm. >> They're all pretty. >> Oh, yeah. Wow. >> No work for me today. Watching from bed with coffee and cookies. That sounds amazing. >> That sounds like a great idea, >> doesn't it? >> That's cute. >> Little fanny pack. >> I like the gold accents. >> That's really nice. >> Yeah. It's $39.99. >> I also really like this. If we didn't already have our princess theme. >> Mhm. >> That's cute. >> Mhm. >> It's got all the things. >> Next year. >> There you go. >> Dingle hopper. All the things. We could just be super prepared. >> Super prepared. >> For like [music] the next >> Just assuming that we're going to get Oh, exactly. Hopefully we don't get um [music] we don't >> not get out. >> Yeah, there we go. I was trying to figure out how to word that. Hopefully we get into the race [music] is what I was trying to say. >> Pretty fortunate. >> We have This is the cruise or not cruise. Uh yeah, >> cruise [music] crew. Girls crew. >> Girls crew. Thank you. That pocket's really cute. >> It is so pretty. I still love these balloon earrings. >> The Walt Disney World. >> I did buy that one. I had to. Yeah, >> that's really cute. >> I love the earrings, but I also love that little ring. However, that would get caught on things, I think. >> Cute though. Very cute. Hi, Julia. How are you? Uh-oh. I was wanting this. Uh-oh. [laughter] I found something I want. >> Jiren was wearing this and she said it sold out online and like >> I saw her wearing this. Yeah, that's really pretty. >> Darn it. [laughter] I don't need it. I don't need it. I don't need it. >> This is cute, too. >> Discount on girls crew. Okay, >> I'm really tempted cuz like I said, they sold out within like >> so fast. Look, I love how they have spaceship earth. Looks like a little diamond as well, obviously. But >> Mhm. Mhm. That's tempting. >> I know. And there's only four. >> Uhhuh. >> I love these, too. >> I know. So pretty. You know what's cute, too? Jiren wore this one and the Walt Disney World layer. >> Yeah. I >> They've been layering their necklaces. I noticed they looked really nice. And they had the other >> that one. They had one of those that layered necklace. Oh, this is cute with the little Disney D there. >> We can always find something we want. We never would be short of >> These were the earrings I thought Rachel had on yesterday, but she said no, she just they're regular Disney >> Oh, earrings. >> Okay. >> Like not too not super expensive. Just buy it. >> Mhm. >> What would Dale say? >> Um I don't know. [laughter] I don't know what he would say. >> I might have to. Me, too. You want to go first? >> This these I know. >> I'll grab Do you want me to grab somebody to >> Yes. to get Yes. Mhm. >> Oh, look at the pretzels. >> I think it's an add to cart, guys. I wasn't going to, but they're really cute and I was I've been wanting them. That's why I said uh oh, cuz now I have to spend money. Uh-oh. So many cute things. These are cute. 1100 people in the chat. Thank you so much everybody. Look at the earrings too. The roses. Thank you very much. >> See what's on this side. Oh, this is cute. So many cute things. Oh, this is cute, too. >> These right here. >> Oh, I see. She's got some >> Oh, she's got them back there. Got you. >> Four parts. >> Yeah, that's perfect. >> Yeah. So, two of those and one of them. >> I like the rope drop. That's cute. >> Happy place. That's cute. Magical day. Oh, Disney World. I don't know if I've seen this one. That's fun. >> Yeah. >> And then we'll flip-flop. Here's a Here's the sweatshirt I wanted. >> Sorry, I didn't see your question repost. Hi, Jedi Master. Welcome in, guys. So cute, isn't it? >> Oh, do they have this? Is cute. Contemporary resort. That's nice and thin. Do like that. Adorable. Let's see. What do we Oh, what do we have over here? Montreal. I love all the Montreal stuff. That's cute. The water bottle's new. Very nice. Very nice. It's Turvis. How much are you? $34.99. It is plastic, it looks like. Oh, this is new. I like this shirt. Montreal Magic Castle Selfie. Snack it up. Meet and greet. Front row seats. Live happily ever after. $36.99. That is adorable. >> This little kid's sweatshirt is amazing. How cute. >> We have to go to the two. And apparently a lot of people did cuz they only have the bigger sizes [music] left. The back says spirit jersey-ish. Oh, they have a new backpack here. >> These are adorable. However, I think I would get it dirty. >> Sharon, >> there. Here she is. >> I'm right here. [laughter] >> Thank you. >> Yes, we have some new things over here. >> Oh, boy. >> More tempting things. Good morning, everyone. >> Hello, bespoke magic. We'll let Jenna ring up. Oh, I love this sweatshirt. >> M. These look good. Taffy. Good morning, Amara. >> Hi, Mega Byron. How are you this morning? Hi, Miss Disney fan. It was so good to see you. >> Good morning, Tony Hall. Hey, Jacob. I'm not sure about the parks. >> Hey, Karen. >> Hello, Robert Warner. [music] >> Hello, Jedi Master Jason. [music] >> Backpack. No, >> they have it here. >> Oh, our backpack. >> Yeah, thank you. Yeah. >> Yeah, it's it's like our backpack, but it's the >> other one. Yeah. >> I really love the print, but I'm like, do I need it? >> I like that the bottom is navy, so if you set it down, >> it wouldn't get dirty. >> How much are these? >> You know, you might need a white one to, you know, >> with a different outfit. >> I love this plan. $49.99. $49.99. So, you know, cheaper than the necklace. >> Approximately $10 off. It's not bad, actually. >> No, it's not. Jay Razer was [music] wondering if you could go back by the tumblers and see what the price was for the Mickey and Minnie water jugs. Like way back where the mugs were. We could go back there. Yeah. Here in just a little bit. These are cute, too. >> It rolls. >> Okay. I love things like this, >> right? Me, too. the Mickey and >> $14.99. >> Um, you know what else is new is [music] this t-shirt. >> I really like this t-shirt. I know that one too. I know. Apparently everybody else liked it. >> Um, wow. >> Yeah. >> Hi, Janice. How are you? >> And this one, too. >> Sometimes a Contemporary has really great merch that I have not seen in other places. It just came out cuz I saw on um Disney Parks Instagram that they were going to be dropping this soon and I was waiting. >> It's It's a nice one. It is that wider fit, but it is >> Mhm. >> but not bad. Still cute >> and a little shorter, >> but cute. And you know, I actually bought some skirts. >> Wow. It is a wider face. >> This might be an extra small. >> Yeah, then it might be cute. You could tuck it into the skirt. >> Oh, yeah. I bought some I found some on Amazon. I'm going to see if they're going to work. >> Very cute. >> Oh boy. We're going to have this stuck in our head, aren't they? >> Mina, [laughter] if you guys could have seen that, I was like, she stops what she's doing and she starts >> and I waited for [laughter] $34.99 for this guy. This song is like the best. Okay, >> I could take one of everything in this shop. >> Can I be a kid, please? Because this is adorable. >> Look at Pluto on the sleeve. >> I don't think I can fit in this, unfortunately. Too short. >> It's Yeah, it looks really small for >> I can do t-shirts sometimes, but not sweatshirts, >> which is too bad cuz sometimes the biggest size of the kids is a good size. >> Yeah, but that one's >> This one looks more fitted. >> It does. >> I love this song. Monomina. Monomina. Oh, this is Wait, this is for DVC members. I was like, this is new. >> It's pretty. >> It is pretty. >> Stars. >> I wonder what that What does this mean up here? Versal lid. Oh, you could chug it. Okay. Or you can have a straw. Okay. So, you have the option of like a straw or just to drink it. >> I see. >> That's nice. Oh. >> Oh, that's right, Tim. The new Muppet Show starts on Wednesday. Oh, I'm going to say so excited. >> I knew that was coming up soon. >> Virginia. So, this is why I love you all. [laughter] Okay, that's cute. I like the fuzzy. >> Uhhuh. >> One of everything, please. >> Mhm. One of each. Add to [music] cart. >> Man, it's chilly in here. I'm glad I have my sweater. Put my coat back on. >> Did you see the Valentine jammies and how adorable they are right now? >> I know. >> Of everything. >> I'm living rentree in my head for the rest of the day. >> I know this one. I love this one. >> I like this little t-shirt. >> And I like the jammies. But >> yeah, I know, right? The song is in your head now. I'm sorry. It's a good song. That could be. I could think of one, but I won't sing it right now. >> You could start singing other songs to take your mind off. >> I have two in my head right now that I could sing for you guys if you want, but you probably don't want me to. They have some uh Oh, this is nice. A new polo. You made up a song for your dog. I love that. Oh, I used to make songs for Chloe. She said she made she made up a song for her dog to the Monomina. [music] And I used to do that with Chloe for songs. So the one that I just popped in my head that I would do is >> I would sing her, you know, the >> I would say my Chloe lives over the ocean. [laughter] >> You know, my B my Bonnie. Is that that song? >> My Chloe lives over the ocean. >> That in our house, too. >> Oh, that's cute. >> We put different words to >> to different songs. >> We still do that. >> Yeah, same. Hi, Ray. How are you? Hello, Chelsea. Um, I am not going to opening day of Marty Girl. We have a fun uh girls day. So, this is cute and lightweight. This would be perfect for Disney. >> These are feel that >> they're really >> I was expecting demon, but yeah, it's like a >> all the clothes in here. >> Nice material. >> You could wear anywhere. They're not They don't have a like a Disney character on them. >> I wonder if you get a discount. Oh, that's pretty. Do we get our 20% on these? >> That is a good question. >> This is vineyard vine, so that's going to be pricey. 228. Mhm. >> Um, not bad. >> Hi, David T. How are you today? Yeah, that's not bad at all. That's a nice >> dress. Let's play a game called Find My Sister-in-law, nephew, niece, and their two children on their first visit to Magic. A, that's cool. >> They're M and K right now. Hi, Adrien. Well, I hope they're having a great time. Well, it's a really pretty day out there. >> Yes. >> Everything but the temp. >> Yeah, >> that's true. >> It'll work. >> It will 100%. >> Okay. Shall we go to the next shop? Yeah. as um you know, Disney always has spring clothes cuz you know it's going to warm up on Wednesday. We're going to be in the 70s on Wednesday. So, >> I know Yay is right cuz it's chilly in here cuz it's you know they've got the open air with the the Montreals. I guess I didn't think about that. >> These are fun. I still love the the three park ones. Look like they're out of animal. >> Those are really nice. >> Right. And then we've got our honorary Mickey Mouse Club member and honorary pimp trader. >> Hello. >> Hey, you made it. How's it going? Hi. You guys were quick. >> Guess what we found? >> I like that you're >> We were influenced by Jiren. Everybody say hi to our friends Jiren, Rachel, and Rebecca. We were influenced by you. >> They had They had the four park necklace. >> She got it. >> Yay. Just [laughter] now like just >> I got it over at Hollywood. >> Oh, okay. They said, >> "Perfect." Oh, mine's my >> bag store is like restock. >> That's what they She goes, "They're going quick, too." And I'm like, "All right, add to cart." >> I also got one. >> Oh, she got the earrings. >> No, I know. Jiren got up early and was online. >> Was told that you want like I felt bad they only have one cuz I was going to get you one. >> No. All no. All good. >> The Minnie Mouse one. Oh, no. All good. Did you get I got the Mickey one? >> So, I'm good. That is so cute. >> The only other one is the other girl. Another girl had it >> cuz she said that you wanted I was like, >> "Yes, no worries. I got Mickey." So, I'm okay. You take her down and like take the bag out of >> Jenna. So, I had to like the day after Thanksgiving shopper. She >> We would never do that. >> No. No, we [laughter] would. >> I'm kidding. I'm kidding. That's my sense of humor. Jen is like, "Stop talking, Jenn." [laughter] >> Never ever do this. I love that. That's funny. Okay, so we have um Joshua Steel. Congrats on 11 months of Resort Hopper Bronze. Hi everyone. Today is my birthday. I'm 31 years old and love the channel. Jenna is the best friend I could ask for. A Joshua, thank you so much. And happy 31st birthday. That is amazing. Happy birthday. and thanks for being a member for so long. >> And like >> Tim Tim says, "I'm missing all of the girl hangouts." >> The girls, >> come on, Tim. >> It's a Wednesday. You have to come on down. >> Yes. >> Your ears, too. >> Yeah. And your four necklace to Oh, yeah. Tim, you need a fourpart necklace. [laughter] >> Look at They got some new um magic bands. I have a feeling that if I could like finagle a trip out of it, he would wear a fork necklace just so >> Look, this is new. Smiling ear to ear. Isn't that cute? >> That's really cute. >> And then this one matches our ears. Did you get that one? >> I have that one. Yep. >> The friends one is cute. >> Oh, this is DVC. >> Oh, fun. That's really cute. >> Uh Janette says, "I see Rachel." Do you know a Janette? >> [laughter] >> That's cute. >> Boyfriend. >> Oh, I love that. Okay, cool. >> And Disney. Got you. >> I like the Little Mermaid one. Rachel, have you seen the this one? >> I love that Flounder's in the middle. I love Flounder. He doesn't get enough love. >> I love Flounder. >> Yeah, >> agreed. Yeah. >> Fun. Happy Monday, Scott. Good morning, Sydney. >> Yeah, well, these are Magic Band Pluses, so they're a little bit different. >> They're a little different, but they're, you know, they're nice. What you buying? >> Can we do a a pin unbagging? I love this. I'm so excited. [laughter] >> Really good look so far. >> Okay, those are the new 26. It's the wave B of 25. >> Okay, I got you. Uh, Rebecca is a pen trader. Look at those stitches. Hi, Hershel and Margie. How are you guys? Good morning. Good morning, everybody. Welcome in. Thanks for joining us today. Oh, we have this one. This puzzle. Mom and dad bought it and then we share it um back and forth. So, I've done I think the Winnie the Pooh one. I think that's the only one I've done so far. Um, so I need to do the other ones. This one's cute, too. Who else does puzzles? >> Good morning. Our next somewhere. You're so welcome. Tim, >> Tim needs pens. Well, come on, Tim. Come on over. Look, guys. They have Disney ducks. These are fun. Got Mickey, Minnie, Donald, Stitchy. A little mermaid. Wait, who's this? Moana, Ursula, and Maleficent. Should I buy this? >> It is. It is dangerous shopping with all of us girls. This is true. >> Oh, she's so pretty. Look at her. >> Hi, Ticker Tail John. There is a Pirates of the Caribbean battleship. Isn't that fun? >> Isn't that cool? >> That's cute. >> Yeah. Tim says he needs pins. He's jealous. >> We can open >> the pins. I know. I'm excited. >> Oh, they were mystery pack. Um, all right, guys. We got Mickey Mouse Club going on over here. >> Got all the princesses. More princesses. Good morning, Paige. Uh, Jenna, I'll be there in April. Hope I can meet you and Joshua. That would be awesome. We'd love that. Those are fun. The ducks are fun, aren't they? >> It is cold in here. Holy moly. [laughter] We got the Disney parks adorables. I love that they have Mr. Toad in here. That's so fun. The Zootopia blind box. Oh, you mean the um Do you do puzzles, too? Yes. >> Me, too. >> These are cute. >> I know. That is new. >> Yep. >> I We have I have this one. This one's fun cuz it's a quick >> Oh, yeah. And you've got four different ones to choose from. This is really cute. >> It is cute. I like this one, too. >> This looks a little harder to do. >> Ryan Rier, he's the artist that does the paper. He's very sweet. Have met him at the art festival. >> So cool. That's pretty. >> I like that one. >> Thousand is too much for me. >> It's a little too much. A little too much. That's like 750 is good. >> 750 500. Those are my Those are my jams. [laughter] >> Do you do the Thomas Concaid ones? Yes. >> Those are fun. >> Yeah, those are usually 500, which I love. Well, the ones I buy. >> Yes. >> Cuz there's like four in a set. [music] >> Wow. Figment is going quick. >> My daughter and I just finished a Harry Potter one. Oh, how fun. Hi, Robin. How are you today? Welcome in. >> All right. >> Mickey Mouse. Who else is singing along? We got Stitchy. We've got Cusco from uh not Zootopia. Uh Emperor's New Groove. Hi uh Walkoff. How are you? Love the ducks and the puzzles. Nice. Hi, Robin. Love doing puzzles, my daughter. Oh, I just read that. Hello, girly girl. How are you? No worries. Um all right, let's go see what's at the end of the shop. And then we'll uh we'll go see what's going on down on the other end. Let's check these out first. Ooh, I don't think I have that one. Oh my word, look at orange bird. [gasps] Is that Is that a Jasmine um shoe? Does Jiren collect >> shoes? >> She likes Yeah. pins. Pins. Yeah, [laughter] cuz I I know Jasmine's her fave. >> I'll have to ask her. >> This shirt is adorable. >> Just, you know, simple. But >> Pluto Oh, that's cute. >> Oh, I love this song. >> I do love this one. >> Me, too. >> It's so good. Daughters. When I asked for sons. >> A look at little Pua. He's so cute. Oh, the first Easter stuff I've spotted. >> We've got a Donald. >> Not Donald. I called him Donald cuz he looks like a duck. He's a chick. >> We got Mickey. And look at Minnie. Oh, she is adorable and so soft. >> $29.99. >> Okay, not bad. I love her. They're both so cute. These are cute. Little kid Crocs. Aren't those cute? Oh, that's really cute, too. >> I would use this. >> Yeah, that's a >> It's got a strap, right? I'll make a man out of you. [singing] And >> they got all the Valentine stuff. I can't believe Valentine's is almost here. You're logging off. All right. I didn't forget about you. I'm sorry. We'll go back over. >> Oh, >> you know, there's a lot going on. It's a lot of multitasking, but I will go back. This is cute. I like the sleeves. Like the little detail at the sleeves. >> Very cute. And I just like this pink. Do we have one in adult sizes? >> Wait, will this fit me? Nope. [laughter] >> I know. I was going to say maybe one of the There's obviously longer ones. >> They're way too short. That's my problem. >> I'm a little too tall. All right, let's go back and check out your mug, y'all. I'm broke. You're making me want to shop. I'm sorry. I get it. I totally get it. All right, we'll go check out your mug. Let's see. What were you You were wanting us to look at tumblers. Is that what it was? Yeah, we're going on the Montreal today. That was the plan. That's why we're doing the Montreal. Oh, what is she's buying? She's shopping. >> Oh, she did. She did the the Jenna. She looked through all the >> Yep. You got to get the best one. >> That was good. >> What is she getting? >> We walked by to see her lately. Um Jiren's getting some puzzles >> and then she gets that with it. Ah, love that. Okay, we're going to go back in here >> cuz somebody asked about a mug. >> Okay. >> Oh, by the way, they had my sweatshirt and I almost bought it again. >> Oh, the one you were talking about that Jesse got. >> Yeah. Yeah, that's really >> But I don't need it. >> The dark side of >> Okay, that's >> I know. I do like that t-shirt, too. >> All right, let's see. Mugs, focus. Focus, Jenna. Focus. [laughter] It's been a while since I've said hi. So, hi, Jenna. I appreciate you all and that you do uh bring us all the Disney things. Aw, thank you, Edith. Thanks for coming on and saying hello. We appreciate it. Was it these that you were wanting to see? We've got uh Mickey, $64.99. It has a nice strap. Mini is also $64.99. And then it has this little zipper that you could put probably not your phone, but maybe like a wallet. And then they have this mini one that's so cute. It is $49.99. And then we got the balloon one. I'm sure it's the same price. Very cool. All right. Or was it these guys over here? These are fun, too. And they've got the little hook that you can hook it to your backpack. Do like that. $34.99. All right. Hopefully I showed you what you were looking for there. Oh, you know what? I have not even seen that. Elio, that movie Ilio, I haven't seen it. >> I haven't seen it yet either. >> It's on Disney Plus, I'm sure. I just keep forgetting. >> Yeah, I'm having a lot of catching up to do >> shows. Same. And when I get home, then I forget. I'm like, what was I going to watch? >> I don't want to commit to watching a whole movie. >> A movie. Same. You just Yep. You're like, I just want to watch a quick show >> and then you end up watching like an hour of a show, right? like binge watch the show. Oh, here's that hoodie again, but it's it's for kiddos. >> Actually, >> I know what you mean about the >> the length. I mean, I feel like the >> that might fit. >> I don't know. I mean that it will fit you widthwise. I don't know. >> Short. Yeah, I think it would be short. >> Yeah, >> I'm trying to fit into kid things. [laughter] >> It's so cute, isn't it? >> You're welcome, Jazer. Hello, Charlene. It was adorable, but not your favorite. Okay, cool. Cool. Um, all right. What's this one? We're going to head um up front here in a second and show you. Well, not up front, but this is pretty. It's nice and lightweight. >> It would work for me. >> $44.99. I like it. It's It's one of those in between seasons. They have the popcorn buckets here. The ornament popcorn buckets. They've got the alien. They've got um Elliot R2-D2. Interesting. >> You got Oh, you got that one in Disneyland. You got the kids version. I mean, if you're shorter, you're not as tall as I am. You'd probably be able to fit into it. I I'm just a little tall, man. My hands are frozen. This artwork like this one. Got Big Al. You got Thunder [music] Mountain. Oh, yeah. >> Goat contemporary. My mom and I were there last month [music] and saw them. Should have purchased them, but thought they'd be somewhere else and they weren't. Wait, what are we talking about? Sorry. Sorry, [music] Meg. What were What item? Hi, Hiking Elevated. Hey, Bracken. How are you? Auna matada stitch reading. I know he's reading his duck book. >> Sometimes he reads it to the ducks. >> Okay. >> He really likes ducks. >> Hi, Tbeck. What is the length of the four parks necklace? A lot of them are pretty short. Do you have that one? >> Do you have the four parking, but I >> Does it have a good I think it has a couple like lengths like Yeah. >> We'll check it out for you guys. >> Good question. >> You're 6 feet tall, so a lot of shirts are unfortunately crop tops. Oh, I bet they are, Britney. Oh my goodness. >> Yeah, it's a decent length. >> It's like I don't know. >> Yeah. >> And yeah, it has a multiple. >> Yeah, you can click any click. [laughter] You know, with your mouse, you can click it. That's awesome. Okay, cool. There you go. >> Uhoh. I love that we all got it. That's so cool. >> Let me pull it up. [laughter] >> Hang on. I have it right here. Um, do you have a rat? [laughter] >> I found Let's Make a Deal. Does anyone have a four parks necklace? Yes, we do. [laughter] >> Wait, wait, wait. Do you have um castle earrings with fireworks? >> Oh, yes, I do. [laughter] >> Very specific. [laughter] That's funny. Do you have Do you have a um a dragon that's green and purple and lights up like a popcorn bucket? [laughter] >> Not yet, but it's right here. >> Oh my gosh, it's so funny. >> It's kind of like those um >> so HomeGoods videos, you know, Jesse and I did one of those. >> Oh my gosh, that I was laughing. [laughter] That was so good. And I love all those videos that people make. So funny. >> Oh, the Joey um is it cow or artwork. >> Joey Chew. >> Chew. That's it. Thank you. >> So cute. I love when he had that whole line. You know, there was a lounge fly shirt and >> Yes. >> I think my mom got the shirt. >> I'm glad they used his artwork to make. >> Jesse Megan sent $9.99 says, "Regarding park tickets. If you leave the park and go back to the hotel to take a nap, can you come back later? Yes, 100%. Will I have to purchase another ticket? If I leave, will they let me come back? No. Come back same day all day. You can come in and out as much as much as you want. If you have to if you don't have a hopper ticket, you have to go to the same park. If you have a hopper ticket, you can go to any of the four parks. So, nope. You can come back to your room at any time. >> Back rest. >> Hi, Reene. All right. >> Well, let's go down to the >> Yeah. >> cafe and take a gander. I know, isn't it? And like lightweight, too. >> Okay. >> Happy Monday. Hello, Sean. Hello, old Mr. Young Dude. How are you today? The fourpart necklace was um $65 before the discount, so a little pricey. It is um crew uh girls crew. So it's a little more expensive, you know, than like a Disney necklace, but but they're nice and they they've got, you know, all four park. I'm trying to like rationalize me buying this. [laughter] >> Expensive, but we liked it. >> I know. When I showed Dale the >> I bought the flowers yesterday with little Disney characters in it. I showed Dale and he goes, "Really? you spent your money on that. I said, "They make me happy." And he goes, "Okay, as long as they make you happy." >> Good morning, Eden. >> Hi, Jen. >> Thank you. >> Yeah. See, >> okay. So, is that the longest length or >> Yeah. length. >> Yeah. Love it. >> Perfecto. >> Nice. >> That's what my dad says. I sound like my dad. Perfecto. [laughter] >> I love that. Um because we're very good friends and because I don't want to rewind and I'm lazy. Who's with you? [laughter] >> I love it. >> I have Sharon, Jiren, >> Rebecca, and Rachel's somewhere shopping. Yep. I figured it's all good. It's usually where I'm at. Um NightLock. Congrats on 14 months of Resort Hopper bronze. This is Nathaniel, your friendly former Oh, Galaxy's Edge cast member. Hello. excited to say I am permanently moving to Orlando in April, working at Walt Disney World in May. That is so exciting, Nathaniel. Congratulations. Can't wait to see you back again. And thank you so much for being a member for 14 months. That is so sweet. Okay, that looks delicious. And now I want tater tots. What's in the tacho bowl? Potato barrels with uh scrambled eggs, cheddar, sausage, gravy, and bacon. Yes, please. I just get some potato barrels. I always mean to get coffee at the Joffre near the front door, but I always forget. Oh, yeah. That's right, Amara. See, you understand me. So, the goat has five legs because um when Oh my goodness, I'm blinking on her name right now. Why am I blinking on her name? Mary Blair. when she um designed all of this, she designed one of the goats with five legs to show that nothing is perfect and nobody's perfect. So, she put five legs on one of the goats, which I love. That in a nutshell, something like that. Bacon, chive, and cheese croissant twist. Oh my word. I want that and I want that. Doesn't that sound good? Got some Danishes here. What is that? Hi, Rita. Convinced you to get one. Okay, cool. Hi, DVC Duchess. Perfectly imperfect. Oh, I do too. MK's. Yeah. Frier's Nook. All right. That looked delicious. All right. Okay. Hey, I found >> something new in here. >> Okay. >> They have a croissant twist with bacon and cheese and like Yeah. And then next to it was a cookie croissant. >> I've had that. >> Like one of each, please. >> Had that before. >> I had it somewhere else. Not here. >> And you have a bacon egg cheese. >> It's not an egg. It was like bacon cheese and like a croissant twist. >> Interesting. >> I would get it. >> I like this quick service. And they have potato. [laughter] >> What? >> Potato. >> I was trying to figure out what >> Jenna thing. >> Potato rolls. [laughter] >> Potato rolls. >> Guys, they got potato rolls. [laughter] >> Somebody send that to Jesse. Add to list. >> Oh my word. All right, come see the potatoes. [laughter] >> Oh my word. First of all, though, that looks good. >> Oo, that looks >> See, potatoes. >> Really good. >> But the croissant twist is right here, and we might need it. >> Potato. That's right, Tim. >> Right. Doesn't that look amazing? >> Oh, that does look good. >> One of those and one of those. >> Is this the cookie dough one? >> Yeah. >> Yum. Um, >> yummy. >> I know. The pastries are calling to me. >> Has cookie dough in it. >> Yeah. Or cookie croissant. So, it's cookie chocolate chip cookie baked inside. >> You need a couple of those. >> I mean, >> it's for science. >> For science, >> right? >> Yeah. I wouldn't say no. >> I don't need a whole one. Like a bite. >> Like three. >> Like a bite. >> Three. Do you think three or two? >> I just need a bite. >> One of each. >> Yeah. I agree. >> A bite of each >> for me. >> Same. >> My hair is going crazy. We're doing a bite. >> You said we're doing the bacon. >> Bacon chives. >> Sure. What do we do? >> Um I think you just grab them and take them up >> cuz there's a little Yeah, there's a little slider door. >> You guys are disturbing. [clears throat] >> Buy one and split it. Yeah, we're going to do it. Oh, you're back to behaving. You sent it to Jesse. Thank you, Amara. You're the bestest. >> Tot land. Tot. All right, let's find a good seat. H. Maybe. I'm going to think maybe. Ooh, that's dirty. Just going to sit here. Maybe here. Okay, guys. We're going to have a little treat. Don't mind us. Maybe we'll do a a pin unbagging as well, and then we'll be on our way to the next resort. So, don't worry. You sent it to Jesse, too. Okay, perfect. >> I'll grab it. >> I got it. >> Oh, you got it. >> We don't have Jesse, so we don't need one. You know, we're one short from yesterday. >> We miss you, Jesse. >> We do miss you, Jesse. >> And then Tim, >> of course. Always Tim. >> Honorary. >> Honorary girl. >> Yeah, she can open. >> I know. I'm excited. I told everybody I said we're going to do a a treat for science and then pens. Yep. >> All right. Potato lamb. >> Now it's in my head. >> Oh, I think I got some. Thank you. I'm not real. >> All right. So, you're in the shot if you don't mind. If not, you can that way. So, it's whatever you want. But >> scoot a little. >> You're good either way. I just want to let you know. >> Oh, that's a pretty view. >> Yeah. Isn't that pretty sunshine? >> I was like, he's talking about me. [laughter] In the ear. >> I just like to people like the people. I like the people to let people know. My brain is not awake. Do you need more coffee? >> I think always just in case you guys need morning everybody. All right, so here is what the food looks like. This is perfect. Just we get a little bite, it'll be perfect. The cookie one and the what was it? Bacon, cheese, and chai. Is that what it said? Okay. Nice. All right. Who's divvying up? very precise like control where she is. [laughter] >> She's like, "I'm letting Rebecca do that." >> Does that not usually happen? >> Do this. [laughter] >> I love your earrings, by the way. >> Thank you. >> They're lightsabers. >> They're so cute. Good morning, Pandora Glitter. >> This isn't working yet. >> Not working so well. >> We need the cookie cutter thing. >> Oh, somewhere else has it where you like cut it all. >> Nice. >> You want to see the cut? Okay. [laughter] >> And no pressure. >> It's very flaky. >> It is. It's got >> which is good. I like the flakiness. There must have been a lot of lamination happening. >> Lamination >> when they fold it to make it flaky. >> Oh, >> as they're rolling it, when they put butter fold on. >> Oh, see the teacher of me think it's called lamination. >> Oh, look at you. >> Not just animal facts. >> Great British baking show. Thank you very much. That is why >> love that show. Talk about a comfort show. >> Wait, you didn't get any. I just skipped talking. >> No, please. >> Oh, yeah. [clears throat] And there's an extra. >> Florida has so many fantastic treats. So if you're trying to keep your sugar and take down I It's hard. >> It's really really hard. >> That's why I just That's why we're sharing. I need a bite. That's all. >> I like how we're starting with the dessert. [laughter] That's you know. >> Priorities. >> Mhm. >> Priorities is right. >> You're right. It doesn't cut very well. >> That's good. >> So good. It looks amazing. >> Inside. We have a bird. >> We have two of them. >> They have a lot of birds inside here. >> Yeah, >> that's why I was like, why is this so cool? Oh, yeah. There's giant holes in the building. [clears throat] >> It's kind of um All right. Is this Did everybody get a piece? Did you get >> Go for it. Okay. >> Yeah. It looks like a really big piece for >> I just wanted a little one. >> A tiny little mic. >> Oh, Mr. Young sis, we really are friends. I We are 100%. >> Oo, it's nice and flaky. >> Mhm. >> Oh my word. It's amazing. >> That is really good. >> Oh good. What's happening with my hair? >> Mhm. >> Good morning, Susan. >> Making a mess with the flavor. >> Mhm. >> We saved a um a null yesterday. Well, Jiren >> Oh my god. >> But I helped. I was there [laughter] >> and I was like, I found him. >> I found him first. >> You spotted. >> He was He wasn't frozen, but he wasn't moving >> and he was in the middle of the walkway into the Magic Kingdom and I'm like, somebody's going to step on him. >> Mhm. >> So, I found the leaf and Jar moved on. [laughter] It's perfect. >> But kept him in the sun, so he still warm up. >> Really, really cold. And that's why he was out there trying to warm his body temperature up >> cuz he's a reptile. >> Mhm. >> Cold blooded. >> Yeah. >> And that's why the big awanos freeze. >> Mhm. >> Just fall. They're not dead. They're just frozen. >> Their body temperature is is dependent upon their surrounding environment. They're ectotherms. We are endootherms. Our body creates our own body heat and temperature. But those like reptiles especially, they're dependent upon their environment. >> So they really their whole like metabolism slows and they just can't >> they literally can't move because they just it's almost like powering down a machine. >> Or losing battery >> because they're just not warm enough. So he was trying to warm >> but he was right in the pathway. So getting >> alive cuz he moved a little but not enough to breathing barely moved. just can't. >> Mhm. >> Mhm. >> Good science lesson. >> What? [laughter] >> We're trying food for science and we're learning about >> There you go. >> At the same time. >> Doing a little biology. Educational. >> Biology and chemistry. >> Food. Chemistry. >> That's right. Is there going to be a quiz later? >> There you go. >> Totally. >> If you want one. >> How is this one? >> Is it good? >> Yeah. >> Okay. I don't really need this bite. And somebody else can have that piece. You don't taste the chai. >> My section of this was weird. >> Tim says I can't move when I'm cold either. >> I also lay in the sun. Same. >> And that's called basking. Seen animals do that. >> Jar and I sat in the sun yesterday. Well, they tried to ride Everest. >> That's true. >> Basking. >> Mhm. >> Today the sun's going to be nice, too, though. >> Yeah. Good. >> All right. Okay, I'm going to try the savory one. >> It's good. >> I love the morning reptile and food science lesson. Thanks, Charlene. You know, >> this is why we're here. >> I'm so glad that some people appreciate it. >> My piece was I I swear it was a fourth of the >> I'm glad I needed one bite. >> Jiren wants it. I know. >> Yep. Jared wants this. >> I mean, we're 1/8 of the Do you have some? Did you get this? >> And this was really good. >> Shar >> here. Wait, I'll trade you. >> You can just have this plate and then you can have this. >> Did you get some of this? >> That's good. >> Everybody get some of this. >> Very good. >> Yeah, >> that's really good. >> Tim says, "I like to bask with a margarita." >> Same. M. >> Yeah, that's good. This is really good. >> Yeah, it's buttery. >> Mhm. >> Mhm. >> Yeah. >> It just has that little bacon flavor. >> Mhm. >> Yeah, you're right. I don't taste the chives, but it doesn't matter. >> That is so good. >> Jedi master says, "I love the science, but please no math." No, it's a no math Monday. >> There's a reason I did biology and zoology. >> No math. >> That's what we have Andy for. Mhm. >> When Andy's on the stream, he can do math. >> Mhm. >> Yep. Andy and Dale, they're pretty good at >> math. Mhm. >> There's calculators for when they're not here. >> Yeah. Exactly. >> Yeah. >> You know what's funny is my I remember my senior calculus teacher, I think I've told this before, and he was like, you know, when you're out in the real world, you're not going to be able to use your calculator. You won't ever get You won't get to This was before cell phon. You won't get to carry your calculator with you wherever you go. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. >> He's reflecting on those words now. >> Yes, he is. That's how many kids he told that to over the years and everybody's like, "Darn it. >> Darn it." Why did I say that? >> Cell formula for everything. >> Mhm. >> And if you don't know, it's Google. >> All yours. >> Thank you. >> Thank you, whoever. >> Delicious. >> Wow. >> Anytime. >> These were both so good, but I think the savory one was my favorite. >> I liked it. Yeah. >> I would come back just to get the both of them again. It would be like if you were here with somebody else, you could split them. >> Have half of one. The other if you don't have I had breakfast. So >> perfect view, son. It's shining in the windows and the Montreals are going past. I know. Isn't it pretty? Thought that was a good view. >> Is it pop that has like the PB&amp;J on it? >> Yes. And I've had it. Very good. The peanut butter is very like um frostingish. So it's very sweet, sharable. Mhm. >> Not like frosting. More like Have you ever had a peanut butter pie? That's kind of what it tastes like. Mill filling of a peanut butter pie. >> They used to have a good peanut butter pie here. >> Is that still on the menu here? >> No, I think they changed it. Okay. >> They did. You're right. >> Peanut butter pie cookie yesterday when we were leaving. >> Yeah. You remember the peanut butter and jelly pie? >> I didn't get any jelly, but the peanut butter was good. First time I was in Miami, >> it was unsettling watching people just walking past alligators and crocs and thought it was nothing. Were they Were they everywhere? >> You don't want to walk just right past them. [laughter] Have you ever come across one zigzag? Mhm. >> They can't zigzag quickly. >> They don't ever seen like a crocodile on property. >> Now, if it's colder outside, they can't move as quickly either. So, if it was colder, then it'll slow them down. >> I'm not sure. I could think that. Good job. You were listening. A+ for Rachel. [laughter] That was your >> endothermic. External. End. >> It sounds very um Ghostbusters. Ecto. >> Yeah. Yeah. [laughter] Ectopplasmic. >> I think that's what it was. Funny. >> Oh, no. I forgot a water. >> Yum. >> That was delicious. >> Get one later. I I was going to throw one in my bag and I forgot. All right. That was good. >> Yeah. >> So, >> pins. Pins. >> Yeah. Oh yeah, I forgot. >> Oh yeah. Here, let me get the take these. >> Karen is always so nice about picking up our garbage. >> Hello, my friend. So nice. >> Do you want to add that to them? >> Yes. >> Hi. My brother-in-law is watching you right now. >> You got to find her. >> Oh, I'm glad you did. You're on the camera. Is that okay? You can say hi. >> I love it. >> That's awesome. Can you see me? >> A It'll take just a couple seconds. It's behind just a little. >> So, >> yeah. >> I I had to be successful for him. >> Of course. Are you serious? >> Yeah, of course. >> I love that. >> Sorry. They're all into it. I have no clue what it is. >> Oh, that's so funny. >> Okay. >> Sorry, guys. >> We're crashing. >> Two. Got it. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> No, you're good. You're better. >> Have fun. >> He said, "I see you." >> A cute. >> That's awesome. >> That's really fun. >> Very fun. >> All right. So, the camera's on you. >> Oh, fun. >> So, I've become a very avid pin collector. >> So, I have I screenshot the thing and mark them off when I find them. for you. >> So, these these are all the ones that I have found. >> And you have you found some on the pin board? Okay. Cuz they have these on some of the trading boards or you buy them in these little >> Yes, they come in these little packs. They have two waves. Wave A and wave B. >> Um wave A is blue. >> Wave B is pink. >> And how much per pack? >> I'm sure they want to know. >> Great question. I believe it's around 20. >> Sure. Sure. We'll go with that. [laughter] When we get to the next shopping check, >> it's really bad. [laughter] >> Um, >> a lot of them I have honestly just found on the boards. >> I love that. >> Especially cuz they're from the 25, so they are >> Okay. Cuz they have the new ones out now. >> They're slowly. Yeah. So, I think for the new ones, you can only find them on lanyards right now. >> Oh, >> but like by February, March, they should have all of them. >> Someone said, "You're very, very smart. That's a good idea to do that. >> Thank you. >> But in >> Virginia have but stopped doing bags. They used to do like black bags so like you couldn't see them. >> Oh, >> they stopped. >> Oh, gotcha. So they I got you. I thought you >> I thought you said backs >> as in the >> Oh no, those are still there. >> I'm like that'd be ouchie. >> Got a little Donald little cupcake. >> A little cupcake. Do you have that one? >> I do. Oh, >> trade it. >> Yeah. >> The problem once you get so many is then you start getting all the >> ones you already have. >> All the ones I have >> and then a little puno. >> Oh my goodness. >> They do not have this wine. >> Is that a drink? >> It's a bubble wand. >> Bubble wand. >> Oh, that's adorable. >> And then it goes so it's easier. See? Put it. >> There you go. >> Yeah, >> that is I'm not an [laughter] it. >> So, I don't have this one, which is nice. >> Yay. Yes, >> guys. So, two per pack. >> Yes, two per pack. >> So, it's actually like 10 bucks. >> Chase energy. >> Oh, thank you. >> Oh, I do not have this one either. >> The Cinderella castle. >> The what? >> Oh, Cinderella. >> Castle. Oh, cute. In a cupcake form. >> Yes, >> they love Virginia loves a bubble wand. >> They are very cute. >> And then a mini bubble wand, which I also don't have. Oh, yeah. Yeah, >> I love when that happens. >> Maybe you guys are good luck. >> Totally. >> One more bag. >> Okay, >> little Mickey castle. >> That is so cute. >> We do have this one. >> Okay, so a trade. >> Yes. Love it. And last one more >> is a little ear. Oh my goodness, that is so cute. >> I do. Okay, >> that is adorable. I like his nose. Three for three. >> Three for three. Hey, >> there you go. >> 50% love it. >> Manoa says I want all the bubble wands. [laughter] >> How many bubble wands are there? >> Um, six. >> Okay. And which one do you not have now? >> Um, I don't have the evil queen. Yes, just the evil queen. >> Okay. >> And she is the chaser. So, your um bubble wand collection is almost complete. >> Yes. >> And chaser just means that they're >> they are harder to find >> like the in a mystery package. The secret one. >> Yeah. Kind of. >> So, they're not as frequent. >> Gotcha. Tim says, "Luckily, I only buy the limited pins. >> It's how I control the addiction." >> They're like $49. >> I know. The the limited pens are like 50 or more. >> Yeah. >> But pens are not cheap, but they're fun. I like the bigger bags where it's like six in a bag cuz then you they're a little bit more expensive, but I feel like the price per >> Yeah. The the big ones have all the >> like the ducks or like the trash cans. >> Yes. Thank you. Yeah, the mystery ducks. >> Yeah. >> Which are you on the lookout for that? The trash cans today or did you see the candy? >> Yeah, I may need to get that today. >> Yeah, cuz I do like those trash cans. You know, when we go to the Polly, >> we can Well, we can check and see >> if they have those. >> One day. I don't wear my That's what they're trying to see her today. >> Good point. >> I think they do look like that. That's probably >> I agree. >> Yeah. >> All right. >> Good job, Rebecca. >> Thank you. >> All right, guys. Well, >> laughing. >> I mean, you can clap for me all you want. [laughter] >> We just get excited. >> We actually do that all the time. Like when we take a picture, we're like, "Yay! Good job everybody. >> Do you have your thing? >> I made it home. Yay. [laughter] >> I mean, that is a yay moment. >> It is a yay moment. Home safely. >> So, I actually Let's go out on the balcony and get a good view of the uh Magic Kingdom and then we'll hop on the Montreal over to the next resort, which is the Polynesian. Thanks for joining us today, guys. It's been so fun. If you guys are wanting to book a trip right here to Walt Disney World, go check out mickeytravels.com. mickeyras.com. They will help you book your trip. It won't cost you more than if you were to book it yourself, but they will help you with their expert advice. So, whenever you're um booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com. You're still getting some trash candy. Which one do you want, Tim? Do you want the poly one? >> They had quite a few at Magic the other day. >> Thank you, Karen. I'm glad you're enjoying the stream. All right. What else did you buy? They said you were shopping. I'm excited. I love this dumping, >> you know, >> to take stuff home. >> Um, yeah, of course. It's also adorable. >> Uh, I got it. Stop me in my tracks. Oh, we saw that. >> That was so cute. Love it. Love it. >> Back. It's so like it's embroidered. >> I know. I love the embroidery. Mhm. Love it. >> And it was 60 plus our discount. So, I'm like I feel like for an embroidered >> add to cart. >> It's embroidered on the >> And it's only 60. It's not the See, the zip-up hoodie I won is 70. That's why I haven't bought it yet. >> It's just so pretty. >> And then I bought a $65 necklace. It's fine. >> You're right. I hadn't bought I'd only bought one shirt >> and a pack of like art cards. That was all I had bought until today. Until today. >> Until today. >> The necklace shirt >> and the bag. >> And the bag. >> And the mini mini bag. >> But wait, there's more. >> And got puzzles. >> Puzzles. Nice. >> Cool. All right, guys. Hi, Edwin. Hi, Mom. How are you? Um, all right. We're going to head to get a good view of the Magic Kingdom and then we're going to hop on the Montreal, head to the Pali. Again, thanks for being here everybody on our magical Monday. And don't go anywhere because we are going to be hopping over to the Magic Kingdom later. >> I love this resort. What a good resort. I love how open and bright it is in here. And then the summer it's nice and cool. And in the winter, let's go get a good view out there. Oh, Montreal Gold. So fun. All right. It's going to be chilly cuz we're up higher, too. Oh, yeah. Okay. >> It just hit you, right? [laughter] >> It really hit you. That is a cold wind. Hi, Pickles. Welcome back. >> So cold. >> Uh-huh. I think cuz we're up higher, right? Maybe. I don't know. It's just cold. >> Like the wind. >> Yeah. Oh my goodness. >> Oh, it's so pretty though. I love it. >> I don't think it really has like chairs. Yeah. >> Uh-huh. It's one of Yeah, it has a great It's a great spot over there cuz if you're here, obviously this blocks it. >> That's why Josh and I go up. >> They also pipe the music in right here. Oh, that's cold. Oh, we're in a wind tunnel. You can also find the lag box right here. And it's locked up, I think. Yep. Right there. Lag box. >> It's locked in that box. [laughter] >> You guys have been doing good in lag lately. >> Lately, knock on wood. Yes. >> Yeah. Isn't it fun? Got little chairs here for viewing. Not very many, but you have to get here early, let me tell you. But what a great view this is. Hi, uh, Ronald. How are you? Oh, hello from Los Angeles. How cold is it? When I woke up this morning, it was 30. Felt like >> like 28 maybe. I don't know. It was cold for Florida. It's cold. >> Currently 45. Feels like 42. >> Okay. It feels colder than 42. I'm just saying. But yeah. Okay. Shout out to my beautiful wife Ashley as she booked our trip this fall with our son Jackson. A love Mike. That's so sweet. A lag box is what I found one day and it said lag on it and then there was a lock on it. So then Josh and I just joke this is where we keep it. Sometimes it gets out but this is you can see there's a little bit of a you know looks like the lag's trying to get out but we don't like it to get out. We try to keep it in there. You stay in there lag. We locked it up. All right let's head to the Montreal. So guys, I will have to um pause the stream while we go through security. So it'll look like lag. Um but >> I'll bring it right back as soon as we get through security. So just stay tuned. >> We'll bring it right on back. >> Oh, that's awesome, Benjamin. I'm glad it's warming up for you. All these carpets here. >> [clears throat] >> That is where the lag monster lives. This is correct. Okay, I'm going to have to put on my hat here soon. Man, it's cold. So, be right back, guys. >> So cold, right? I'm like, normally I have my hat on. >> Cold when we were in Hollywood earlier. >> No. We're in the sun. Make sure to find the sun. >> The sun really does help. >> All right, guys. So, we will be right back. Do not go anywhere. Hoppers and moppers. If moppers can tell everybody what's going on and we'll bring it right back as soon as we get through security and we're going to hop on that Montreal. All right, guys. Be right back. All right. Should be back. Let me know. >> The five-legged goat is right here, too, guys. >> Can show you the five-legged goat. Uh, there's quite a line for the Montreal right now. Right here is that fivelegged goat. Oh, Billy. Billy. Billy. If you've been here for a while, you'll know that I don't have it on my phone on my I don't have access to it. Josh does. But hey, it was quick. It was quick. >> Thanks, guys. Yay. Perfect. It's a long line. >> Later start. Yeah, cuz it's cold. I don't I don't blame them. >> My hair. >> Anytime I wear a hood or several layers, my hair just a little tangly. Tim [clears throat] says he's off to a snowy lunch. All right, enjoy the snow. >> Oh, here comes Montreal Red pulling into the station. >> 57 20 miles east of Los Angeles. Oh, that's awesome. Oh, yeah. Hey Tim, what are you bringing back to the break room? >> Hey guys, if you've not already bought the like button, please bop away. Also, hit that subscribe button if you're new. We'd love to add you to the Resort Hopper family. >> All right, let's see how this works. >> Thanks for scaring all the birds [clears throat] away. I was very scared of those like huge squirrel. >> See if we'll get on this one. I don't know if we will, but we'll see. >> You guys go ahead. >> Thank you. >> Yeah. >> Trying to figure out you're all good. No worries. [laughter] It's It's weird. >> The elevator and this Yeah, exactly. No worries. you know, contributes. But >> clue number three. The family is in line to meet your favorite character who is blue. Not only today, but every day. A they're going to meet Stitchy. I love it. >> Hi, Mama Grace. >> You're so welcome. Glad you're keeping warm. Goes Montreal peach. No, is that peach? Salmon. That's salmon, not peach. Looks like cotton candy cuz it's got the pink and then the blue. See guys, I don't know if they're going to let us on, but we'll see. >> Oh, yeah. No, we're not getting on this one. >> Even though there's tons of room in here, can we when we are at a good stop around? >> We do, Universal. Yes, we just haven't been in a little while. I do miss it. So, we need to get back. >> Definitely ready. Okay, now we can push down. Been a minute since you've been on the Montreal. I know. I love the Montreal. I haven't been on the Montreal for a while either. >> Oh, good. They're still letting people on. My toes look cold just looking at their feet in flip-flops. I have two pairs of socks on right now. >> Yeah, seriously. >> Oh, ouch. >> True. No support and cold. >> All right, I think it's pretty full now. >> We'll get on the next one. Yeah, Emara um just posted the link to Dale and I's channel, Adventures of Jenna and Dale. If you guys have not gone over there and subscribed, love to add you to our channel again. Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Go check us out. We going to We have all sorts of adventures all around Orlando. Sometimes Disney, sometimes Universal. Um Dale just did a home vlog that he's got to edit and put out here soon. He also has one from New Year's Eve from a while ago behind the scenes of New Year's Eve. So, if you guys weren't able to hang out with us and see that um check it out. I know it's older, but >> but yeah, love for you guys to see the behind the scenes. Yes. Yes. >> Good morning, Drew. In the moment, how are you? >> We are trying. Yes. That's why we decided to do the Montreal resorts to stay a little bit warmer. >> Thank you so much. Hi, Jennifer. >> You're using Mickey Travel for September trip. They found me a promo that saved me over 100. Free upgrade to preferred room. That's amazing. Thank you so much for using Mickey Travels. Mickeyas.com, guys, can book your next trip to Disney. Also, go check out David's Vacation Club rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv dvcrequest.com/tv. Um, if you guys would like to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa like this one for a fraction of the cost, again, dbcrequest.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's >> Disneyland. Right. >> Yeah. Oh, >> I know. They didn't actually give this year sometime. >> Okay. >> I can't wait. >> Anytime. I know. May June. So, technically summer's not till what? End of June. >> June 20. >> 20. Yeah. >> Yep. You're probably right. >> Well, that came in pretty quick. That was awesome. >> We got Montreal yellow space. >> It is pretty cold. It was I think it was colder yesterday, but it's still cold today. >> If there's no wind, it's okay. And if you're in the sun, but if there's wind and you're in the shade, it's chilly. But tomorrow it's supposed to get warmer and then Wednesday we're supposed to be back to 70. So, yay. >> And then it's going to drop again >> and then it's going to go back up again. It >> But then next week it looks like we're going to be in the 70s to 80s all week. >> Not Yeah. >> Hopefully nice. >> It is this month. Very soon. Good morning, Scott. How are you? Daytona Beach, Florida. How is it there? Is it chilly? Not too far away, so it's probably chilly. >> All right, we're going to get on this one. Thanks for almost 800 likes, everybody. Bop that like button. We just Oh, we'll keep going. Oh, here's one. Perfect. >> Like a train. >> There's room. >> Might as well. Rest your feet. >> Like a train. It is. It smells like a hay. It smells like horse or hay. [laughter] >> It does have a little weird >> we've asked this circle. >> My uh cousin used to work at Disney and he said it used to smell like elephants and that that makes sense. Yeah. >> Barnes. [laughter] Yeah, it is a smell that once you >> Well, like if you're in the elephant, you will smell like that for the rest of the day. You know, if you're in there for like 2 minutes, you are >> touched by elephants. >> I love to go see the um penguins at SeaWorld. >> Oh, but they smell so good. >> Fish fish and a lot of birdies. >> You've never been on >> pretty stinky, but they're so cute. Birds don't eat platters, so they just like them. >> Well, that makes sense because we did a a penguin encounter one time. Ivonne got one for me. And so there were two in there. There was um the tall ones. What? Empire. >> Emperor. Emperor. There's emperor and penguin. Who was the smaller of the two? So emperor. >> Emperor. >> Okay. And then a smaller one. And the smaller one really likes my shoes. He kept bowing to my shoes. She's like, "She really likes your shoes." And then all of a sudden, luckily he was facing the other way. [laughter] >> It was a bird, but it wasn't just a It was a shoot. >> She didn't even warn us. >> Hey, stay stay clear of the >> the tail. [laughter] >> But they were so cute. >> Do you remember what the little one was? >> Oh goodness. >> Of what it looked like? >> It looked like a standard penguin or did they have like little >> No, it looked like [cough] a standard. Yeah, standard. It's probably either African or >> it was that sounds >> test it before our day tomorrow. They have like >> I think they have some of the picked >> which makes sense. >> All right guys, here we go. >> Good morning everyone. board yellow stop will be transportation ticketing center. >> So, we stop at the TTC first and then we'll be making our way to the Polly. Here we go. It's a bird. It's a plane. No, it's a penguin. That's right. David, >> welcome in, David. I didn't see you there. How are you inside? Yeah. >> Hey, Elizabeth. Hey, David. Thanks for 1900 people in the chat. Keep bop bop boping the like button and subscribing if you're new. My daughter Arya is watching me and wanted me to say hi. She wants to stay in that hotel. Uh, it's a fun hotel. >> Oh, you live 45 minutes away. It's fun to do little stations sometimes. >> We're going to Polly next and then the Grand Flow and then we'll head to Magic right after all the resorts. This is the first watching you every day from South Florida. Thanks, Grant. Appreciate that. >> Oh, you're right. Yeah. First. >> Okay. So, we just failed. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Oh, Liam is getting big. Yes. Oh, did you get to see them? That's so cool, David. >> I didn't think about that. >> We do have a transportation and ticket center. Yep. Right here. >> Good job, Tim. >> Yep. We're headed to the Polly. TTC. Hey, >> you know what? We should walk over. It's pretty. >> We're going to walk over. It's right there. >> Yeah, it's a pretty view. Why not? [music] >> Hi, Leslie. >> Uh, $5 from Zig Zagman. I enjoy all your live streams and edited vlogs, too. Thank you so much. That's so sweet. Thanks, Zigzagman. Really appreciate it. Yes, we were all hanging uh on Saturday. Got to see the worldwide debut of Josh and Liam's a capella singing career. Wait, what did they sing? That's so cool. Um I don't think I will, but Josh might be at the parks this weekend. I'm not sure. Stay tuned. It's a pretty walk over here >> and most of it will be in the sun. Ah, see it got like 10° warmer with that sun. Ooh, the coffee smells good. Oh, I can't see though. It is bright, bright, bright. >> So, right here is where you can get the ferry boat to the Magic Kingdom. A, that's so cool, David. I love that. Can't wait to hear all about it. Me, too. Oh, Mr. Young Dude. Me, too. [clears throat] Eat lunch at Walu. W Lulu. It's very good. [music] I always forget how to get there. We have to go through. Okay. Thank you. >> You used to be able to go that way, but then you know with all the security they blocked it off. [music] >> Um the Polly is not that far actually. [music] >> It's You guys will see it's really close to the TPC. Really close. Uh Casey, congrats on 15 months of Resort Hopper bronze. Hi Jennet in chat. Hope everyone is doing well on this full moon Monday. Oh, is it a full moon? That's awesome. >> Thanks for uh being a member for so long. >> Thank you. >> The machine people. [laughter] >> Oh, Michigan. I thought you said machine. >> Yes, she does. >> Good. Trustworthy people. >> Okay, good. Good. I like this. Tim would like that. [laughter] Uh, Jenna, what would be the top five things you would want to buy from a Disney gift shop in the last month? Oh my goodness, that is a hard question. All the things. Um, I do want that hoodie. The hoodie was really cute. The necklace I was looking for, so I was excited for that. Jared, do you mind holding the people for a second? Thank you. I'm gonna put my hat on. >> I brought it. Why am I not using it? >> Thank you. Mhm. Here we go. Ah, so much better. Thank you. All right, here we go. Chicken got chicken dog says, "Who are these machine people?" [laughter] >> Michigan. >> Yeah, I was like 5 minutes, but we weren't sure. >> Oh, yeah. Disney Cruise Line has a lot of cute merch, too. I saw too lately they got some new jewelry >> on the ship and it's like the Disney jewelry so it's not as expensive and I'm like man I got to go back on a Disney cruise and bring it back or >> Tim says what do I like I heard Michigan >> blue >> you like Michigan that's what you like >> it was pretty funny David says usually when we get together we're in Florida so we went to get dinner at the food court look like spaceship earth oh that's so Well, I'm glad you got to see Josh and Liam. That's awesome. [laughter] >> Hello from London. >> Um, I'm assuming the resort pools are closed, but we're going to find out as we walk by. >> Oh, yeah. Totally. That's exactly what it is. Yep. >> I I got one. You guys saw it on the stream. It's a cute >> cute trash can. >> What do you >> When do you say that? It's a true truly cute trash can. >> Um >> this way. I think it's this way. >> Hi Liz and Tony. >> Four feet of snow. >> It was funny cuz we were looking at the trash can. I go that is such a cute cute trash can. I'm like when do you say that? [laughter] Only at Disney. Yeah. >> All the plants are so sad. >> I know. They're all droopy. >> They're so cold. >> We were noticing several of them >> wilty. Yeah. They're trying to stay warm. They're like like bundling in. Yeah. Look at all of them. They're all droopy. >> Sad. >> Oh, interesting. like these little like >> flip. >> Interesting. Look at all these. Oh, these are the ones we saw at the >> uh Grand Flow. They were all No, contemporary. >> Look at the corn. [laughter] >> Oh, like a cornstone. >> Yeah. Going on your 33rd Disney cruise. That is goals right there. Yes. >> I want to go on cruise number one. >> Yeah. Hi, Maria Hall. >> Tim says only at Disney. Yeah. Look at these poor poor trees are freezing. >> Oh, yesterday it was funny. We were talking about everyone being bundled up and there's palm trees in the back. >> It is so weird, isn't it? We're freezing. Here's a palm tree. >> It's funny. >> They don't grow together. >> They really don't. >> Bring the palm trees inside if you're cold. They are cold. It's funny. >> I wish you could bring the palm trees in. Hey, it wouldn't work so well. I mean, I have tall ceilings, but not that tall. >> The cruisers are very nice this year. Okay, there's a new one that called the Disney Fantasy. >> Nice. Thanks for sharing the magic with us. You're welcome, Jeffrey. Thanks for being here. All right, so make sure you bop that like button. We're getting close. Oh, we got 800. Thanks, everybody. Disney where trash cans be cute, useful as a table, and made small to fit candy. [laughter] That is so true, Tim. All right, so Tim says that trash cans at Disney have a multiple purpose. You know, trash cans can be cute, useful as a table, and then made to fit candy. [laughter] >> Only at Disney. I love it. >> You didn't say anything about holding trash, right? >> No. >> Never trash. When I was sitting in England watching our show the other day, there was I mean there was a facility person that came over and took I would say five minutes at minimum wiping down like they do take extra attention >> to make sure our tables are clean. >> Our our trash tables. I love that. >> Trash can. >> Thank you Disney cast members. You're the best. >> Uh can you talk to your Disney contacts and ask them to warm it up for next weekend? Oh, are you coming David? That's awesome. I would love to talk to the weather people. I [laughter] girls are going back to Ohio, so it will warm up. >> You're going to take it with you. Okay. Put it in your luggage. And [laughter] >> we got to talk to the Disney bubble. >> The Disney bubble. Um Alyssa. Alyssa. >> Actually, >> just became a member of the channel. Thank you, Alyssa, for becoming a member. Thank you. Thank you. >> Hi, Alex. Good morning, Ryan. Hello, Mark. >> Ask >> That's true. Oh, Tim says, "Sometimes the trash cans talk and blow bubbles, too." >> Yes, >> this is true. Look at all these uses of the trash cans. >> Only at Disney. >> Only at Disney. >> And also, look how empty it is here today. Everybody's at the park. >> Makes sense. >> No one's at the pool. >> Yeah, I know. Oh my goodness. If you're at the pool, I bet it's closed. But if you are at the pool, you're probably from Alaska. Next Friday, Valentine's weekend. Oh, cool, David. That's awesome. The groundhog saw his shadow. Wait, did it >> is today groundhog. It >> is. It's February. >> Oh, no. He saw his shadow. >> More winter. >> The groundhog. W. >> I heard. >> You already know. Yes. >> She is chronically online. [clears throat] Anything happened? Rebecca will know. >> She knows. Okay. W. Well, must have been sunny in uh Pennsylvania today. I see my shadow, too. It's right there. >> Hi, Shadow. >> All right, let's go towards the >> great ceremonial house or whatever it's called. I think that's what it used to be called. Be there this weekend for my daughter's high school dance team to compete. That's fun, Mallerie. >> There's a lot of cheerleaders here right now. >> Mhm. >> Yep. >> This past weekend. >> Okay. >> Mhm. There must be multiple weekends then. Yeah, >> different age groups. >> Mhm. That makes sense. I forgot it was Groundhog's Day, too. And when you live in Florida, it doesn't matter as much. Usually, you're like, whatever. >> The fact that it's February already. >> Yeah. >> Crazy. >> Crazy. I don't know where January went. But I'm here for it. >> Tim says, "Thanks, Groundhog. It's snowing here." So, he wouldn't have seen the shadow if he was in Michigan. >> Wait, they closed. >> He doesn't see sun for 4 months during winter, >> right? I lived in northern Indiana, almost Michigan, so I get that. >> I feel that pain. >> I love the smell. >> Thank you, Polynesian. Yes, for the warmth and the smell. [laughter] My fave. Happy birthday to Elizabeth. Three of five groundhogs plus Lucy the lobster sent early spring up my way. Oh, in Canada. Nice. Love it. >> All right. Groundhogs are better. >> Yeah. What am I going to put on the snack drink agenda? Oh my goodness, David. There's so many things. We need to write a list out. Backsided tiki. Well, we might as well go to the shop to get warm up a little bit. >> If if we must. >> Darn it. [laughter] >> Do some shopping. Warm up. Right now, I can't feel my fingers. >> [laughter] >> Aloha everyone. [music] >> You have my sweatshirt. >> Okay. What sweatshirt are you looking for again? I know you told me once, but >> most magical place on earth. >> The most magical place on earth. >> It's navy. Has stripes. >> It's navy with stripes. >> Like stripes around the collar. >> Okay. Oh, I know what you're talking about. It's just >> cuz they they remade it. It cuz they accidentally put the wrong They put the happiest place on earth as well. >> I thought that was the red one. >> Oh, was that the hoodie? Okay, maybe you're right. I think you're right. The red one. Yes. >> Regardless, yes, they would have to remake that. >> Yeah, but if you got it, you'd have a one of a kind. That's a cool jacket. Oh, I love that one. It's so fuzzy. Um, I'll be at uh Allstar Sports for seven days. Nice. I love the pink one. That's cute. >> Got the stitchy Crocs over here. Perfect. Drinking out of my Hawaii Starbucks cup and listening to music. Yes. Amazing. Amazing. >> I do kind of still want this shirt. Do I need it? No. Do I want it? Yes. [laughter] Do I need it? No. Do I want it? Yes. >> I wanted this for a while. It matches your bag. >> I have the I had the sweater on yesterday. You just didn't see it. >> Okay. Okay. You didn't see it. >> I agree. It's really cute. >> It's so cute. >> They don't have my size, so I'll have to look at >> It's a lot. >> You know, magic. >> You don't have to just wear it around. >> No. You can wear it anytime. >> Exactly. >> It's adorbs. >> $29.99. >> Oh, when you buy two. Otherwise, it's $32.99. It's one of those. Got it. >> Oh my goodness. That's adorable. >> Living in a fantasy land. What's the back look like? >> It's just plain. Okay. >> I like that. >> It's so pretty. >> Nice. I love it. I had this on yesterday, but nobody saw it. It was under all my layers in it. >> It's cute. This one is cute. I love that. >> 50. No. Cute, but not that cute. Agreed. >> The candles. >> Agreed. >> I like the scent. I love all the Olu stuff. I need more Duffy. Oh my goodness. Look at him. What is he? Oh, he's a magnet. He's a tiny little magnet for $18. Got the mug. We've got the shirt. Oo. Yes, we have been to Wine Bar, but it's been several years. It was delicious. So I agree with that. David, all the Alani stuff. Manoa J, >> you have that shirt. Nice. I love that. Got the Olf. >> I really like the spirit jersey. There's the back. Disney friend of Duffy. They used to have more Duffy and Friends merch here, but they they must have pulled it. I don't know. All the Duffy merch. My hand is cold. They got flip-flops in case you forgot your flipflops. >> Oh, I know. Somebody was talking about that. I haven't seen them yet. >> We saw them at Hollywood. I need them. >> Me, too. I don't need them, but I want to see them. >> They're very pretty. I have them in my hand. >> Did you? And you're like, "No." >> Good job. >> I do love this skirt. Have you had Have you gotten I was >> uh Is this >> Do you have any of the Disney skirts? >> Yeah, I think I have this one. I do like it. >> Is it comfortable? >> Yes, they're comfortable. I wish they were a little more high-waisted. >> Okay. >> But comfortable. They have a good Yeah, they have a good length of short, which is always a problem for me. >> And they have like the little rubber so they stay in place. Yes. So, I will say I do really >> very important to stay in place. >> Another red one that is um kind of >> varsity style deeper red. I don't need >> It's kind of like cheerleader looking. It's really cute. >> Oh, that's I know. That's so pretty. Are you going to do one last time on Donna Dinosaur? That was yesterday, David. It closed yesterday and I got to go, so we were pretty excited. Oh, these are new Cinderella ears. Look, there's a glass slipper in the middle. Those are pretty. Love all the skirts. Add to cart. >> The le There's leather ones like this. >> Like that, but then they have a red leather bow on them, too. >> Oh, and they have like black spots. I think I've seen those. >> Like they're like in They're really pretty, too. >> Very pretty. Very, very pretty. I like all the bling bling things. So [music] pretty. But if it loses the bling bling, then >> uh is it thick or >> It's It's It's a good I mean it's lighter. It's lighter. It's soft. >> Yeah. >> But how does this Oh, it's not bad cuz I was going to say you don't It's not in like >> Oh, good. scratchy. Yeah. 70 bucks cuz it does have the bling bling. >> $100 for this one. You're paying for all these sparkles. >> Oh, I like that one. >> I love that. >> You like one, you get them all. >> He's trying to get me to get the pink one. Like the sweatshirt. I have the light color. I know. I'm like, >> you don't need another one. I do love [music] this. >> Adorbs. >> You could have worn that this week. >> Right. I know. And that's the thing. >> Like, if I buy all these sweatshirts now, then next year it won't be cold. [clears throat] >> Maybe I should do that for everyone. >> Exactly. Exactly. Oh, these are adorable. Very Polynesian. That's cute. So cute. >> All right, what else can we find? You like the new 750 piece Walt Disney World puzzle? Yeah, I think Jiren bought that one. >> Yeah, it's in the bag. >> It's in the bag. She added to cart. >> I like all of this. The log bag. >> Yes. Yes. And I really do like that. Yeah, it's the same size. How much is that one? Is it 50? >> Yes, 50. >> $49.99. Yep. 50 bucks. >> I like the light color. And it holds way more than it looks. Like it looks like it wouldn't hold that much. Nope. It holds a lot. >> Yeah. >> The bigger size. That's what Jesse had. She had the bigger size. >> It's heavier cuz you can tell. >> Yeah. >> Um it has a spot for your laptop. >> So it's like cushiony. >> Yeah. >> Monoj just added to cart in real life. I love this. Oh, have you seen the Loungefly balloon bag? >> Yes. In the ears. >> Yes, >> but not practical. >> Not at all, but adorable. It actually fits more than you think. >> I mean, my Kindle looks like my Kindle would fit. >> Oh, totally. Your wallet, your phone, lip gloss. >> Oh, it does. It is. >> It opens more than you think. Yeah. >> I thought you saw that. >> I did. We were just at it. >> It's It's more practical than you think. >> Yeah. >> But very expensive. And I get it. There's a lot to it. I think it's $90. >> I think it is Loungefly. >> Yeah, 90. I mean, I like the the strap's really nice. >> Yeah, it's a thicker strap, so it wouldn't hurt as bad. >> So, she should have gotten that poop purse. >> Poo purse. >> There's [laughter] a poo. Yeah, it was really beautiful. >> Yeah, got that poo purse. [laughter] >> I love poo purses. >> It was a really cute. So many things are running through my [laughter] really inappropriate. It's a different word for a diaper bag. >> I really need to see this pooper. >> So cute. >> I mean, I like winning. >> Is it like >> It's a little body. It's like rectangle. >> Nice. >> Really beautiful. >> I can't justify >> cuz it's Loungefly. It was >> Mhm. That's the problem. >> I think I've seen it. >> Loungefly get you. Yeah, >> it's a beautiful bag, >> but >> I get that. I think they have a Stitch one like that. Um, >> yeah, >> also 65. Um, DVC Sharon, you can buy these. >> Oh, I can buy a DVC pin. >> Yep, they have quite a few. >> They have some really >> This is for your um >> DVC merch now, >> right? They're doing great. >> I got that shirt. >> I can't buy that. I want to make a bunch of custom teas for the ladies for our shopping days. It can say add to cart. Love it. >> That's perfect. >> Should be filled with helium so you don't have to carry it. Oh, I like that. Fill it with helium and you just walk around all day with your stuff. >> You just clip like clip and it just >> Yeah, it just floats with all your things. You're on to something. >> I like that idea. You can use the sweatshirts when we take you guys around Manhattan. Oh, that would be fun. David, hi Kayla. Hello. Spawn from the stars. Stayed as at the Polly as a kid in 1972. This was my first hotel I ever stayed in as a kid, too. However, it wasn't 1972. I wasn't born yet. [laughter] That's cool, though. Cuz you're only 27. >> Exactly. I'm only 27. >> It is. It is true. >> As I laugh. It is true. Oh, that's funny. >> I know. Is it >> lug lug but very like get this? >> That's a big size. Nice bag. >> Mhm. Looks like you could make it or you could switch it. Got you. >> Switch it depending on the side. >> I love it. Yeah. >> Amazing. Are these playing cards? I love how they're bringing the playing cards back. >> $90 though. 90. It is luggy, but they are good bags and they're made well. This one. It would look really cute on the back of the stroller. Yes. Yes. Totally. Manoa J. I agree. Okay, what else do we have here? We have those tiny little plants. My hippo [music] Liam already got me a um a hippopotamus for Christmas, so I'm good. [music] Got the Tiki Man planter. Necessities. A simple bare necessities. Got your fantasmic Mickey merch. Bare necessities. Man, they have all the sweatshirts ready for everybody. >> Oh, they're making a killing. >> Yeah, they are 100% they are. >> Again, all the 2025 stuff. >> Do you have any of the um the phthalo or whatever they're called? Those bracelets that track the animals. >> Mhm. >> Yeah, I figured you did. Okay. Which ones do you have? >> A polar bear, a sea turtle, and an elephant. >> I love that. I have a dolphin. Nice. >> He um his name is Sam and he lives [music] not far off the coast of Florida, which is really fun. >> I kind of want a man. Yeah. So, this is >> this is the conservation >> or I travel to Arctic every summer or every fall. >> That's so cool. Yeah, these are amazing. And you they give you the name and the app. The sloth would not be super fun to track cuz I don't think they move much. [laughter] >> No, they don't. >> They're cute though. [music] >> Sloth conservation. Okay. >> So, like these are actual >> foundations. They're actual >> different. And so, part of your money goes to that. >> Absolutely. >> Amazing. Even better. >> And they're like legitimate >> companies. Yeah. >> Sweet. >> I want a giraffe. I The giraffe, too. >> Manity and um >> Clear Water. Okay. >> Samari. Oh, Clear Water. Okay. >> Clear water. >> Somali. [music] >> Somali giraffe project. I'm not familiar with that one, but the wolves. I'm working on a Oh, safe. So, the zoo the zoo and aquarium world if you're part of association of zoos and aquarium [music] their big conservation effort is safe. >> So, our zoo is a part of the wolf safe Oh, fun project. This is cool. >> That is cool. >> I'm working on that exhibit right now. >> Oh, how cool is that? >> Oh, look guys, they got new um new jewelry. They have gold, which not my normal thing, but I love the um the initials. There's C for Chloe, J for Jenna and Jiren. >> Uh S for Sharon. We don't have an R. >> Sorry, guys. No Rs. >> I was finding our initials. >> They're out of luck. >> There's one over here. >> Oh, I like These are That's so cute. >> I know. I was going to get C for Chloe. >> Adorable. Um I think Josh had a great trip. If I haven't talked to him yet, but um he made it back safely. I can tell you that [laughter] I get notified. >> I know. Don't we all need these? >> Or [music] these. >> These are fun, too. >> They're sparkly. >> You probably [music] like those better. >> These are a little like less Disney in your face, but I do like the bubble letters. >> I would get a J and a C. >> Well, then I'd need a D. >> If we don't do it, I will. >> Dale, Jenna, Chloe. >> Um, when you buy two, they're only $22. Plus your discount. >> Plus your discount. [music] >> Love it. Love it. All right. I actually need to use a restroom. Um, does somebody want to just like walk outside with them? Or you could go upstairs. Either way, whatever you guys want to do. Whoever wants to talk to the people upstairs, right? >> Tim wants to go to the zoo with you. Jiren, >> please. >> You're not that far away. >> No, I know. Really? >> You can go hang out with >> Come up where you are. >> You can have girls trip with Tim. [laughter] >> Oh, really? Oh, fun. >> Yeah. So, or you can just walk them around in here still. I'll be quick, too. >> Okay. >> And anybody else doesn't have >> Who do you trust? >> I trust all of you. Save time doing it that way. >> All right. I'll be right back. >> You can go look at the cases. >> Plus, I can barely see that screen. It's so tiny. >> I was going to say do a little ambiance walk again. And we'll go upstairs. see some of these beautiful historical which is doing >> I don't know if you can tell the same >> just love some of these old photos of as they were originally designing Polynesian >> inspiration different people Check ready. >> When will the Lakeshore DVC resort be open? I don't think they've announced that yet. >> They're making really good progress. We saw it on our way from the Montreal over here. So, they're making really good progress, but I don't think they've actually released dates yet. >> We're going to go upstairs. >> That's a big one. Sure. >> You want to go upstairs? >> Sure. >> Thanks for coming in. Yeah, Trader Sam's is around the corner. So, if you follow along this way and we keep going. Here's Captain Cooks. This is the quick service. Really good food here. They've got nachos, pulled pork nachos, and I believe a shrimp uh like coconut shrimp dish that a lot of people like. But this is their quick service. And then if we keep coming around, it's this really innocuous little entrance here, >> but you could see some people are already kind of hanging out. They just implemented a walk up list and they opened they extended their hours. >> Um, so now it used to be that you couldn't go in until about 3:00, but now I think you can go in as early as like yeah, 11:00. But here we are. Here's the door. The Trader Sam's. You would never know cuz it's pretty basic. And then but you go in there and they have all sorts of drinks. Drinks that do different things if you order them. And just a really neat ambiance. Yeah. Tiger tail. Trader Sams. Yeah. Set up for strangers. Just have to make great conversation. All right. Thanks, Cara. Lake Share Resort opens sometime in 2027. Again, very possible. I'm not positive. They are definitely making really good strides though on it. Especially Leslie. Yeah. Kids portion Captain Cooks. So, this is an idea of what it is. Let's see. Got flatbreads. Pan Asian noodles and veggies, spicy Korean chicken bowl, pulled pork nachos are something I hear a lot about. And then the Thai coconut meatballs. That's what that is. Very popular. Oh, Disney adult allergic to pineapple. All the pineapple around here. Yeah, it's kind of part of the deal. But the vibes here are really beautiful. And there's Jenna and Sharon. >> Oh, I didn't even see her. >> Just went to Captain Cook's Trader. There was some requests to see some of it. So, >> perfect. Oh, you want to head upstairs? Actually, let's go outside and then Yeah, let's go outside because then we can hop on the Montreal and then we'll go upstairs. All right, guys. Thanks for being here. I don't know where to go. Everybody's at coming at coming at us. Was like, you know, um, Red Rover, Red Rover. That's what I felt like for a second. Did everybody play that when you were a kid? >> Well, thank you for 2,000 people in the chat. Whoa, >> that's weird. >> Yeah, >> they cleaned out like all the plants, right? >> I wonder if they're going to add maybe seating over here or something. >> Yeah, that is way different. >> Okay. >> I mean, they could use more seating. They really could. That would >> So that would be really nice. >> Is there a special one? >> They're all the plain ones. >> Just the plain ones. No Valentiny one. >> Valentine. >> Sad. Sad. >> I do too. [laughter] Hey, Pixie Dust Senior. How are you? >> That's right. Mega Byron. >> It is too cold for Doough Whip. I am with you. Yeah, this is this is odd. Pop quiz, Jenna. What sound does cow make? What sound does a cat make? And what sound does a giraffe make? What? I mean, you know, all the sounds. Whoa. What? Oh, they're painting or something. >> Okay. All right. >> Is anybody in it? >> Closed for weather. >> Oh, good. Okay, good for them. I mean, it's too cold for the lifeguards, too. >> It is crazy. Yeah. Look, guys. When do you see this? Not very often. Full clothes for weather. >> You don't know what the Red Rover game is? Did anybody play Red Rover when you were a kid? >> Definitely. Definitely. >> Whenever I was walking out and all those people were coming at me, that's what I felt like. Red Rover. Red Rover. >> Senna. Red Rover. >> Yeah. >> It was a painful game. It wasn't my favorite. >> I usually wimped out and just lost. >> Yeah. >> Okay. Dining Disney. Hello. Let's go make a little walk out to the >> Wata. I don't like it. >> So, they made or moved. The table's over here for now. Interesting. Uh $1.99 from Disney Adult. Thank you for showing me Sam's. Oh, yeah. Jiren did that. That's awesome. Thank you so much, Disney adult, for the $1.99. That's very kind. [music] >> That's a trash can I purchased. >> Let's see. Let's talk about Let's see. We talked about David's vacation clubs. What else can we talk about? Um, [music] >> Dreamtable. dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to get a hard to get reservation here at Walt Disney World, dreamtable.co will help you get that reservation. All you have to do is um download the app on the app store or go to dreamtable.co and check it out there and you can put in the reservation that you're looking for and then um you know of course the number of people, the day, all the things and um then they will notify you whenever the reservation becomes available. So, they will not make that reservation for you. They will just notify you and then you go into the app and you make the reservation and get that hard to get reservation with dreamt.co. Oh, yeah. Then the link for Mickey travels is also in the description of the video. But yeah, I'm sure one of our awesome moppers will post that for you, too. >> Oh, I got you, Sean. Jessie Mouse. Jesse Mouse says hello and big >> and big squishy hugs. >> Squishy hugs. >> We miss you. Hope you're having a good lunch. >> Hopefully we're good. >> Yes. Hopefully it's going well. Currently colder at Disney than it is in Dallas, Texas. Now that is crazy right there. [music] What you have for lunch, Jesse? >> [music] >> We need to know it's a boat. >> So pretty. [laughter] >> Hello from California. Hello the bungalows out there. see the castle, Grand Flow, which is where we're going to next. And then there's Walulu Nice and sunny. Yeah, it's gorgeous, isn't it? Thank you, Disney adult. That's so sweet. I remember playing Rev Rover at recess and ran full force, but didn't make it and fell backwards and had to go to the nurse. Oh, no. Jesse's having the glamorous peanut butter and jelly. >> Oh, I mean Jay hit some >> It really does. I >> You're right. >> I don't mind it. >> I was going to ask me. Strawberry 100%. [music] Strawberry. Strawberry. >> Raspberry. >> I guess raspberry. >> Raspberry. >> I would say grape is at the bottom. >> Same. >> Same. >> Okay, let's see. Jesse, which one did you get? Which which flavor? We need to know. Um, let's walk this way. >> Oh, yeah. The hot tubs in the bungalows. So nice. >> Hi, Jen. >> Uh, Logan, he's back already, so I'm assuming he's going to do Tranquil Tuesday. I don't know that 100%, but I'm sure he if he can, he probably will. Pool closed. Mahalo. It says, "How often do you see a empty pool at Disney?" Unless it's like late at night or something or super early in the morning. Really pretty. Get a good view at that pool. I love the zero entry pools. I think that's so fun. You per Oh, you prefer jam over jelly. >> What kind of um they they need to know what kind of jacket you have, Jiren? >> This is a Canada goose. >> Canada goose. It's nice. Keeps you nice and warm. >> This was gifted to me cuz I work with Polar Bears International. >> I love that. >> So, this is like their This is Polar Bears International specific color. >> Okay. >> It's part of their logo. So, they have a partnership with Canada Goose. And then >> those are nice warm jackets. >> You can I think they do sell them online. This was a gift. >> A gift. Well, there you go. Nice. >> Yes. Polar bears International. >> Love it. Hi, Shannon. Girls crew. Yes. Oh, no worries. You're late. No worries. Um, so we got a a vote for blackberry. Crunchy peanut butter or smooth? Definitely smooth. >> Smooth. >> Smooth. >> Smooth with sandwiches, but I don't mind crunchy peanut butter. >> I'm I'm not a fan. >> Well, unless it's in um Well, some people call we call them peanut butter balls. Some people call them um Buckeyes, but my mom uses crunchy for those. >> Oh, and sometimes then she'll put Rice Krispies in there, too, for a little more crunch. >> I like that way. >> Very yummy. Um, okay. Okay, let's see if Jesse Mouse answered. Red plum. I'm not I don't even know that that was a thing you could do. I know. We're wearing Canada Goose in Florida. That is weird. I know. So true. My parents just moved to New Brunswick, Canada, so that's my next jacket. Awesome. >> Yeah. Let YouTube know you're enjoying the stream. Please hit that like button. We are uh close to 1,000 likes already. If you buy Canada Goose, does a percentage of your um money go to the polar? >> If you buy the specific color. >> Okay, then it does. >> That's the specific partnership with Polar Bears International. >> All right. So, go check it out. Not sponsored. >> But help the polar bears. >> Exactly. Just help the Yeah. Help the polar bears 100%. >> I love that. Coming in April and staying at the Riviera. I always stay at the Contemporary. Anyone have any thoughts about that? Oh, the Riviera is beautiful. You guys just stayed at the Riviera, right? What were your thoughts? >> Love the Skyliner. >> Yeah, it's so close. >> Everything. Yeah, that's the nice thing about it is everything is right there. So, it's the deluxe, but it's a smaller deluxe. So, this is beautiful and it's there's expansive and you can walk, you know, >> it's much more concentrated throughout the area, but you've got great coffee shop. You've got true options >> and not far to get to like you said, two parks. >> That's why I love cruises. Everything is right there. You go to the show, it's right there. You want to go back to your room, it's right there. [laughter] >> The pool's great. The hot tub was great. >> That's awesome. >> One morning we got coffee and then went to the hot tub. >> I love that. Okay, that's awesome. >> They do have good restaurants. >> Yeah, I like >> Jesse said the peanut butter and jelly cookies were good. Yes, they were good. >> It's right next to >> Oh, okay. Jesse just said raspberry jelly is her favorite. >> Yes. Yes. Good choice. Yeah, we do have 2,000 watching. Thanks everybody. >> Cory Rupek's going to go find a coat. >> That's awesome for your support. >> Yeah, >> we did it because we were saying >> and they fit pretty true to size. >> Pretty true to size, Jiren says. Okay, cool. >> All righty. This is so pretty today. The sun is nice and bright. Riviera's in your top three. Yeah, it's gorgeous. >> I want to go. >> I've only done breakfast, which was amazing, let me tell you. >> I want to do breakfast, too. >> It was so good. And the characters are so cute. >> Yes, their little outfits are so cute. >> More droopy plants. They are. I love Minnie's little like newspaper dress. >> Tim says, "No jelly. I'll leave now." Wait, you just do peanut butter? I mean, that's fine. >> It's fine. >> Honey, peanut butter, honey. Ooh yeah, >> Nutella. Ooh, now you're talking. >> Extra sweet treat. >> Now you're talking. >> That's funny. >> So guys, we're going to do a rapid fire bop on that like button. Let's try to get to a thousand. We are less than 50 away, so I bet we can get to 1,000 likes. So all you have to do is close out of the chat, find the thumbs up, and bop it. So, if you guys are ready, >> setup the like button and subscribe if you're new. Yeah, peanut butter, honey, and banana. There you go. Now you're talking. Peanut butter toast for breakfast. Ah, that's a good good breakfast there, Tim. Peanut butter and potato chip. I've heard [music] like the sweet and salty. >> Uhhuh. I like sweet and salty. I I I'll try it. >> I would try it. What about fluffer nutter sandwiches? Peanut butter and marshmallow fluff. Never tried it, but that sounds amazing. Have you guys ever had a fluffern nutter? They said >> yes. >> Yes. >> Peanut butter and >> marshmallow fluff. >> Yum. Yum. >> Mix it together. My favorite is jelly. A local jelly in Louisiana. Oh, nice. Oh, apple jelly. That sounds delish. >> Well, I'm thinking we should just >> keep going. >> Yeah, >> I like that idea. >> Let's just keep walking. >> Really nice right now. >> It's gorgeous. That way we can stop by the other resort as we go by. Um, the new Polynesian. Why can't >> Island tower? Yeah, there we go. Yeah. On the way. >> Hey, Leaf. Yay. We did it. 1,000 likes. Thanks, everybody. Jesse loves the fluffer nutters. Now I'm getting hungry. Peanut butter and jelly with potato chips. Okay. >> What was the thing Elvis? What? >> Was it peanut butter? >> He just said Elvis fried peanut butter banana sandwich. That's so funny. Somebody just [laughter] >> thing fried. I was like >> I feel like fluff is exclusively a New England thing. Oh, okay. I got you. >> Isn't there like >> It's a Midwest thing though. I think too >> specific brand. Fluff. Marshmallow. >> Marshmallow fluff. Yeah, there's a marshmallow brand. >> And then there's >> maybe there's more than one. >> Yeah, I don't know. >> As a new in Englander, I have been activated by the acknowledgement of fluffern nutters. That's funny. [laughter] So pretty. Oh no. Balloon. Sad story. >> So sad. [laughter] >> Bye, buddy. Peanut butter and pickle sandwiches. I don't know about that. >> Good. >> I like pickles and I like peanut butter, but I don't know about together. >> So, at the boardwalk, they have the corn dog stand. >> Oh, yeah. >> Where you can get the corn dog with the pickle and peanut butter. >> Have you tried it? >> I have. >> And it works. Okay. It's on my list to try. >> Good. >> H. Now, have you tried the Hawaiian rolls? >> Yes. >> We did those in November. Jar and I grabbed oning. They brought it back. >> They did like permanently, I think. >> Um, let's see. >> Oh, Andy's here. Andy. Hi, Andy. >> Andy's here. He says, "I like peanut butter sandwiches with pickle slices uh in the sandwich with the PB." >> Okay, go right ahead. Didn't you get the Okay. >> Yeah, we were just talking about So, at the boardwalk >> Yeah. >> Rachel said that you can get the peanut butter or sorry, pickle hot dog. >> Yes. >> Corn dog. >> Corn dog. And then you dip it in peanut butter and it all works >> for science. >> Okay, >> I'll try it. >> I'll do it. [laughter] >> The pickle peanut butter crowd seems like the target audience for the Epcot pickle milkshake. Yeah, there you go. >> [music] >> going to be so happy. >> Sliced poundake, whipped peanut butter, banana cream topping. Oh my goodness. >> Spaghetti and applesauce. Oh, like separately. Okay, I got you. That's good. I like that. I'm [music] coming there April 17th for my birthday. Amazing. What a good way to celebrate your birthday. [music] Make our way around. We're going to [music] check out the lobby in here. Then we're going to go to Grand Flow and then Magic Kingdom. Don't miss it. Sounds like a Chicago dog. Peanut butter Nutella sandwiches. Yum, yum, yum. All the droopy plants. Not quite as droopy over here. I think the sun is helping a little bit. Got the Moana splash pad. So pretty. Vanilla ice cream and peanut butter. Ooh, that sounds good. There's the Wulu Bar and Grill. If you've never been there, it is delicious. Highly recommend it. So, so good. You guys have all been to Walu, right? >> I have not. >> You have not? Oh, so good. So good. So good. >> I've heard good things. >> Yeah. It's amazing. Everything I've had has been good. >> Delicious. >> Yep. I've never tried the burger yet. I've tried several things, just not the burger. >> You could get the burger. I'm sure she'd get >> I think I remember the wings are good. You like the tuna? >> The tuna poke bowl. That tuna. >> Was that good? >> Good. >> We got the traditional Hawaiian dish with the steak and the the rice thing on the side. I forget what it's called. Help me out, people. It was good. Delicious. Oh, there you go. A dream come true. [laughter] Oh, man. The wind is so cold. It's making my eyes water. All right, let's go in the resort here just a little bit. Give you a view of that. Get warmed up for a bit. Isn't it pretty? Gorgeous. Gorgeous. There's like hardly any ripples in the water. There's hardly any boats. I don't know where they're at, but It is pretty. >> You know, David, I'm surprised that Poly Tower doesn't have a gift shop, too. Actually, I'm really surprised. >> Yeah. >> But oh well. Let's go inside and check it out. >> [music] >> Welcome, foolish mortals. That's what the That's what the door sounded like. [laughter] >> Aloha. [music] Oh, it's so pretty. >> What? Yes, we heard about it that the day, you know, that we did the media, but I kind of forget now. So, help with us. Yes. Okay. Fire, >> water. Oh, no. This is water. Yep. You're right. You're right. >> Is that wind and land? >> Yeah. >> Nice. Yeah, they weren't telling us about it. It's a gorgeous resort. >> Everything's made out of a lot of things are made out of recycled material. The carpet is made out of plastic. [music] which is crazy to me. How do you make >> How do you make carpet out of plastic? The fish and the walulu are all made out of recycled material. The trash cans. Yes, the trash cans are beautiful. We always like a good trash can. So, yeah, this [music] is made out of plastic. Who would have thought? [music] >> Table is amazing. So pretty. And then there's lots of hidden Mickeys over here, which is also really fun. Hidden Mickey. And there's a hidden mini, too, which you don't see as often. Here's a hidden mini. And then, um, I know there's hidden Mickeys. I just got to find them. There's other hidden characters, too, but I do know they have one of the few. Oh, here's a hidden Mickey. One of the few hidden minis. Happy Monday, Tracy. Got a turtle and it goes all the way up to the second floor. >> Hi, Jacob. >> I have rugs made from plastic and you never think it was from the soft texture and beautiful designs. Amazing. [music] Oh, this guy. Duh. From Moana. A hidden stitch. I don't think so, but maybe. Oh, here's all the tiny little hidden Mickeys. I knew there were more all along here. Those are all hidden Mickeys. [music] [music] >> Nice. [music and singing] All right. Hello, happy place. Never seen a live on here with so many people wearing coats. It's cold. It is cold. Cold. Cold. [music] >> You know, crush. >> Ready to go to the Graham Flow? >> Okay. Yeah. >> We're planning game night. >> I love game night. >> Um, also, did you guys know that this is one of the few hidden minis that you'll ever find? Usually you find hidden Mickeys, but there's there's a hidden mini. I just showed it to the stream. [music] I'll give you a hint. It's low. I love right there. >> You found it. >> Oh, yeah. There you go. >> So pretty, right? [music] >> Did you find it? >> Oh, yeah. >> So fun. And then there's tons >> hidden Mickeyy's all around here. >> But yes, it's right there. [music] >> Oh, now I see. I'm like, [laughter] what am I missing? >> Like I could never do the hit. >> Yeah, it took me a while. Once I got it, then I would get all of them. Yep. Exactly. >> Yeah. >> I'm No. [laughter] [music] >> All right, guys. Let's go to Grand Flow next. We'll check that out and then we'll hop on the Montreal and head to Magic Kingdom. >> I love cabins. >> The one at the Fort Wilderness. >> Night is to do like a cascade. >> Oh, yes, please. I That would be amazing. night. >> Oh my goodness. >> I will bring whatever whatever anybody needs. >> I said we can do shakurerie like table. >> Yummy. >> Mhm. >> Some wine. It'll be great. >> Tim says, "Well, it was hidden." >> There you go. [music] >> Secrets revealed. >> You can't do those either. zigzag men. Yeah, they're they can be difficult. I remember when I was a kid, it was very frustrating cuz, [music] you know, other people would get it and I'm like, I don't see it. But then I figured out how to do it. Just relax your eyes. Make them go, you know, almost like crosseyed, but not quite. >> Jesse says, "Wait, did I hear girls night?" Yes, please. Yes, girls game night. Jesse, >> we got to It's It's going to take a while. >> It's going to take a minute. Yeah. to find points and >> find the the cabin's a little pricey. Yeah, the big cabin. >> Or, you know, a bungalow. We're dreaming. >> If the cabin's not available, I would I would settle for a >> settle. Yeah, me too. [laughter] >> That would be fun. >> It is gorgeous. Yeah. >> Walu is your favorite restaurant in Disney. Hands down. It is very good. And they do have indoor seating, you know, for when it's cold and hot. Usually it's hot. >> Picture. They are very nice. >> Thank you. Hope you're enjoying Magical Monday as well. >> Bungalow is still on my bucket list. Oh, it was amazing. I got to go, you know, stay one time and let me tell you, it was really, really fun. Really cool. >> That would be fun at Fort Wilderness. Josh was very cold when he was there with his wife this Oh, yeah. When they went last week, that was a cold night to go. Yeah, >> Jesse says, "I'm so down for whenever that happens." >> She said, "Look, we can do a tent on property and I'd be happy." Jesse, [laughter] that's funny. >> I Neither does Jesse, though. I really, >> right, Jesse? >> I don't really do tents either. >> Now, in RV, I I would I I'd do that. >> Yeah. >> But the the cabin at Fort Wilderness when Dale and I and Chloe stayed, it was so fun. >> I didn't So fun. They're kind of small though, so depend on how people how many people you have. >> The cascade would be bigger for sure. >> It's a dream. >> It is a dream. I love this. >> I love this stream [laughter] wedding chapel. So pretty. Going to the chapel and we're going to get married. Yesterday, yesterday we were singing all the songs. >> Yeah, please somebody have a wedding here. >> I would love to go to this wedding. >> Virginia says, "I'll do a tent." Pixie Dust Senior says, "I'm down for that. I like games >> and wine." >> I think so. Like Frog from the Bride. Father of the Bride. >> Oh, Frog Studio. Oh, that is cute. One of the best movies ever. Jesse says, "How about a blanket fort?" [laughter] Love that plan. Hello. Um, Lamb Van. Yes, we we're not a daily streamer, but we stream quite a bit. Um, our normal nights are Friday night lives. We usually go live at 600 p.m. Um, we also go live throughout the week. I do magical Mondays, usually Monday mornings. Uh my brother Josh also does a channel with me and he does Tuesday evenings, Tranquil Tuesdays. I'll go live on Wednesdays usually either morning or afternoon and then um my brother will also go live on Saturdays. So pretty much every day we we skip a couple here and there. Um we also do vlogs. So uh go hit that subscribe button. We'd love to add you to the Resort Hopper family. Thanks for watching. love that Tim >> I don't know my body >> a thank you okay so first of all Tim says okay he'll have a wedding there [laughter] >> if he wins the lottery and then Virginia says if I get married again I will get married there and Jenna and the girls are all invited >> thanks Virginia [laughter] >> I know it >> are we your bridesmaid then >> we could be yes exactly I love that. That's awesome. Um, yeah, the wedding there. Oh my goodness. I'm sure >> Rachel can help style you and plan. >> Perfect. >> Love that. I always wanted to get married at the chapel there, but when I got married, my parents said no. Oh, I get that, Cara. Shannon says, "Oh, nuts. Four months too late for me to have my wedding there." That's right. >> That's okay. Your wedding was beautiful. Yes. Congrats. >> Is Janette still watching? Janette, you just got engaged. Oh, okay. >> We know where you can have your wedding and invite everybody. >> She got engaged. She got proposed to in New York City. >> A love that. That's so cute. Hi, Mark. How are you today? How cold is it? Um, last we looked it was 42, I think, or 45, something like that. I don't know what it is currently. >> You're welcome, Mark. Virginia says, "Yes, you're all my bridesmaids. It's a deal." >> That's awesome. >> My mind is wandering and thinking of other things. And then I pick up the very last conversation like >> What a pretty view, guys. >> Oh, I got to [music] plug you guys in here soon. 48°. It was cold yesterday. Yeah. So cold. >> But man, this sun is >> nice. So interesting. >> She'll glaze over. >> 47. Feels like 42. Okay. Okay. Thanks, Jesse. It's cold. >> It's a bit cold. >> I thought you were talking about age. >> No. >> Optimistic. >> 27. [laughter] 47 feels like 42. >> What? I feel like >> Oh my goodness. >> We're all 27. I don't know what you're talking about. >> I'm 29. >> 29. Oh, okay. You're the wise one of the group. [laughter] >> We won't get into 29. How many times? >> How many times exactly? All bridesmaids, Corey says, and groomsmen can come as any character they like, except villains. I love that plan. >> Get excited about something. >> Jesse says, "No, no, no. 27." >> Oh, that's cool, George. Oh, I thought I heard something. Oh, sorry, Sandra. I remember those days. It was hard to get out. It was so cold. It's cold today. That's for sure. I know. I can't believe it's February already. Tim says 47 feels like 62 in Tim years. That's funny. That's awesome, Virginia. I love it. >> So pretty. >> Oh, it Oh, no. It's closed. >> Okay. So, there you go. >> Oh, it is so bright outside. Look at the fun little sand castles they've got for the kiddos. or anybody really. I'd make a sand castle. Do you want to build a sand castle? >> This is our snow. >> Yeah. >> Beautiful, right? >> It is beautiful. >> Go make a snow angel. >> Snow angel. I'm good. That does I mean it sticks a little bit worse than you know snow. >> I understand this. It is not good to get the freshly washed hair dirty. >> Jenna, did your navigator warn you about the cold again? Yes, Jesse. I heard on the navigator, it was like, "Your route may be affected due to cold extreme cold temperatures." I'm like, "How can the extreme cold temperatures make my route different? [laughter] That was so funny cuz it it didn't say like roads were icy or roads were snowy. It just said extreme cold temperature. Your route may be different. Okay. >> Uh Josh is already back. He is back. >> A Leslie, I remember those days. We love the Florida sunshine. It is gorgeous. Uh, let's go to the store. Traveling in 17 days. Awesome. A happy early birthday. I don't know if Grayson will be playing or not at the Magic Kingdom, but we'll go see. Going to head in here first. Oh, I cannot see. It is really bright. >> Oh, a heavy door. >> That one not so heavy. All right, guys. Welcome to the Grand Fian. We made it. I know the outside is very empty, isn't it? Most people are at the parks right now. >> At the parks. Some people are heading out. Um but yeah, most are at the parks. So pretty in here. Love it. There's the bar. There's nobody at the bar, ladies. Nobody's at the bar. >> You know, I just said, "Hey, we can get a chair at the bar." >> I Oh, yeah. Let's go look at this. This is opening soon. It's not open yet, but opening soon. You can actually see inside. I can't wait. I am so excited for this. Who else has ever been to the tea, the Garden View Tea Lounge? [music] I went one time with my mom. Oh, and my brother and his wife. [music] It was fun. I'm glad we got to go. >> Huh? >> A That is cute. And Chip is over there. >> Your wife is excited. I know. I cannot wait. We're all so excited for this. Me, too. Did I need it at Disney? >> Um, I think they're going to bring the gingerbread back next year. Who does that? >> I think cuz you know they're all done with the refurb now. So, I would assume I don't know why they wouldn't bring it back and the tree. >> Yeah. >> Oh, yeah. Would they move would they >> have to rearrange the furniture? >> Yeah, they'd have they'll have to move the piano to put the tree. >> Yeah. >> Oh, yeah. They'd have to take all this out. >> And you're right. And the piano. >> Mhm. Don't get pushed off to a >> to a side corner. Yeah. >> You went with your mom. Amazing. [clears throat] So, yeah. This is the new bar that opened not too long ago. It's very pretty. It's supposed to look like a bird cage, sort of. At least that's what it was there before. any Disney any uh birthday freebies? Um sometime I mean if you go to like a a sitdown restaurant sometimes they'll do like a cupcake or something. Not always, but if you wear a button uh everybody will wish you a happy birthday, all the cast members and everything. [clears throat] Oh yeah. I hope they put up the Easter eggs too. Yeah, Tim, for sure. >> I'm sad about dinosaur closing, but I'm excited for the new What's to come. >> For sure. Sad about the dinosaur closing, but I'm excited for what's to come. >> Yeah. Oh, I guess. >> So, it's a it's a mix. >> Did you smell espresso martinis? >> What are those new build your own? >> Yes. >> Does it say where they're at? Magic. Hopefully. [laughter] >> Are they in? >> It just says on Disney World probably. >> Okay, so they could be anywhere. >> All right. >> Like magic. >> Magic. >> It does. >> Yes. The Tomorrowland shop. >> Yes. >> Professor, we can point that out. >> I know. It is kind of sad. I'm like, that's the Star Trader Shop. I know it. All right, let's go upstairs to the shop and then we'll hop on the Montreal. >> Here we have >> We are in the Grand Fian Hotel. We're going to go upstairs. >> We're going to go to the shop and then we're going to go on the Montreal. Got a little Magic Kingdom time in here. As soon as we get through security, everybody remind me to plug in [music] cuz we're getting low on battery. Plug in, plug in, plug in. Let's chat about one more sponsor that we have, Behind the Ride in Disney Demystified on Amazon. These are two books by David Mempower. You can get the ebook, the hard coverver copy. You can even get an audio book of Disney Demystified right there on Amazon. Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified, guys, go check them out. Yeah, proud patriot. It is gorgeous. So pretty. Oh man, did they redo the painting around the elevator or do I just not remember? >> I do. I have um Jiren, Rachel, and Rebecca. He did make it back. Yes. Yes, he did. [music] >> It's not the real piano player. It's just the music piped in. All right, let's go see what they got. >> [music] >> It's nice and warm in here. [music] >> Love the Spear jersey. I wish they made this in adult sizes. [music] >> Yeah. >> Isn't it adorable? >> There are many things that I think like make an adult. >> I know. [music] I would buy that >> person. They like this. It was actually this style, but it was poo instead of this. It came with like a little >> a little side pouch. There's one of Stitch, too. And then this is Scrump. >> Okay. >> So cute. >> Yeah. I >> Yeah. I mean, it is Loungefly. >> Like that. >> Okay. >> Cute. [music] >> Just has the little attached. Okay. >> Yep. That's a little honeypot. And then you get the And it's like a beige. It's really beautiful. It's on your bucket list to stay here. It is a bucket list resort for sure. We got the Grand Flow ears here right here. They're so pretty. [music] >> We have stayed at most of the hotels. Not all of them, but a lot of them. Yeah, I saw that. That's cute. [music] >> I like the Tinker Bell one. Isn't that pretty? [music] >> Okay. Holy moly. All right. Oh, I just realized I didn't [music] put the ears on. All right. We ready to hop on the Montreal and go to the Magic Kingdom? Let's do it. All right, guys. So, I will have to pause the video to um go through security. So, I do not have the BRB screen. Um, but it should be pretty quick because hopefully the security line isn't too long. So hopefully it'll be a little quick switch and it'll look like lag. It's not lag, but it'll look like it. So, um, so just stay tuned, guys, and I will be right back as soon as we get through there. All right, everybody. See you in a second. All right. Sorry. Should be back. >> Yay. We're back. Thanks, guys. Oh, yes. Plug it in. Plug it in. Soon as we get on the Montreal, remind me. Okay. >> Plug in. [laughter] >> It'll be easier when I sit. >> Yeah. >> To plug it in. >> Do you like that? I was like, sit. [laughter] >> I motioned like I was sitting. I don't know why. [laughter] >> Like they don't know what sit means. >> That That's a different one. It's not, you know, it's not there. >> It was a whole body motion. [laughter] >> Sit. >> Too funny. >> Um hopefully Josh will be live on Tuesday. I don't know, Benjamin. I'm not sure. We're just going to go to the Magic Kingdom and we're going to go see what's going on. >> Magic Kingdom. >> Darn it. Right. It's cold on this platform. Shade. >> Yes, Leslie. Exactly. >> Thanks for,00 people watching or so 1,800 people watching. There we go. I can read. I promise. Hi, Sapphire. >> Thank you, Sean. >> Hi, Evan. >> The metal big [clears throat] >> funny cuz you went through contemporary fun. >> So funny. 298 days till I'm back in the sunshine state from UK and this will be my about 30th time to go to the states. That is so cool. >> Very exciting. Monreal question. When does it stop going back to Epcot? Um that is a great question. Do you know when the Montreal closes going back to Epcot at night? Cuz >> I know it does. I think it closes at a certain time and then you have to take a bus. Josh and I have done that before where they'll close the Montreal down, but they'll have buses still running to Epcot. >> Maybe it's like an hour after Epcot closes. >> Maybe. Yeah, they'll still get you there. If you need to get there, they will get you there. But >> so if you stay at Magic longer Oh, yeah. Get your guesses in. What color Montreal do you think we're going to get? That's funny. Sandy By. Yep. It's so funny how that happens. Oh, yep. Here it comes. Uh, I think I see the color. Put your guesses in. You're sensing Montreal peach. I like that. Montreal black. Peach, blue, salmon, purple. I don't think anybody's guessed it yet. It is indeed Montreal red. Oh, there we go. Susan got it. It looks full. that one. Yeah, it looks emptier. >> Yeah, me neither. We're not going that far. >> Exit right around this way, everyone. This way. >> Exit down this way, please. Everyone, exit this way. I know they do not let people ride in the front anymore, unfortunately. >> That's funny. >> A whole cabin. Okay, cool. >> Go right, guys. >> Thank you. All right, guys. Here we go. Magic Kingdom. Oh, yeah. I was going to plug in. I do. Let me get all the things and then I'll hope so. Do I put on the sides? >> Like I'm pretty sure it's all good. >> It's just stuff, you know. [laughter] All right. Okay. I'm going to put that next to my phone. >> Thank you. Can you hold that side of the phone so I can push? >> Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard our next stop. >> Thank you so much. >> is the Magic Kingdom. For those standing, hold on the safety railing and not lean on the doors. Thank you. >> Jesse's back. >> To those guests who just joined us, welcome. Our next stop is the Magic Kingdom. For those of you standing, please hold on to the handrail throughout our journey and stay clear of the doors. for the camera. No smoking. >> Yep, we got it plugged. Thanks, guys. >> A Jesse, we wish you could jump through the screen. >> Yeah, please bop off the like button. We are over a thousand though, so that is awesome. It's funny how deceiving it looks. Like it looks like it's so warm and then you walk out like nope. >> Just kidding. Thanks for dinner. We are approaching at the end of it is cold here but it won't be in a couple of smoking is not permitted at Magic Kingdom except in the designated area outside the park entrance. If you are exiting please hold on the handrails and stand clear the doors until the welcome Mercedes. Thanks for being here. For those of you remaining on board, our next stop will be a temporary resort service to the transportation and Disney resort. If you're traveling to the Walt Disney World Hotel, buses and watercraft, report from this station, please remain on board. >> It's chilly. It was like 40 something. I don't know exactly. I think Jesse said 47. Feels like 42 or something like that. Yeah, Jim. I hope so. >> And then our princess race is at the end of the month. I'm hoping it's not cold for that, too. >> There we are. We're here already. Amazing. Find my magic band below all my layers. There we go. Wasn't as hard. >> Where's the magic band? Oh, yeah. We did. We rode dinosaur yesterday. It was so fun. I'm glad we got to do it. >> Please remember to collect your rewards and leave them. All right, guys. Welcome to the Magic Kingdom. Hi, Katie. Yeah, Leaf. I know it does, doesn't it? A lot of the trees are not liking the cold weather. One nice thing about the cold weather is it the phone charges so much quicker, so I won't have to have the battery in as long. So, that'll be nice. Oh, I got to put the wind covers back on. Forgot to put them in my pocket. Let's do that now before I forget them in my pocket and then wash my jeans and then ruin the covers. There we go. Thank you, Ken. I'm so glad you enjoy Magical Mondays. That's right, Isabella. I'm always up for a people mover ride. What do you guys think? Cannot go wrong with a people mover ride, especially with how gorgeous it is today. Uh-oh. I don't think I made a reservation. Hold, please. >> Oh, >> I just thought of that. >> I'm like, they're going to deny me. >> Uh, I think I got it. >> Thank you, though. Yeah, >> you and are so good typing with one hand, too. >> Uhhuh. I've gotten very much not very good, but much. And there goes my backpack. Except for the Wi-Fi decided it didn't want to work. So, we're going to take that off. [music] >> So, yes, you got to make reservations before you go in before 2:00. >> And I didn't think about it since we were starting at the >> hotel that was good to go. >> It was Yeah. I don't know if it is a good to go day. I actually didn't look. >> Sometimes it'll just say [music] it right off the front. Yeah. >> Painting the roses red. Um, guess what? It is a good to go day. [laughter] >> Hi. I thought I had to make a reservation, but it's a good to go day, so I'm good. >> Love those. Thank you. Love the good uh good chakotas. That's right, Tim. It's not busy. I mean, I would have got a reservation. No big deal. But I didn't have to. So, yay. [music] >> Can we get like >> I believe only AP holders need to make a res. No, you're right. It is just AP holders. You're right. 100%. I think I believe 100% I think. Don't you love that answer? >> Here we go. Yeah, happy place. I do that a lot cuz a lot of times I come after two and then you don't need one and I don't come a lot on Saturdays or Sundays when you have to have a reservation. Um but you know it's all good. I just got to remember most of the time you can get one. >> Yeah, 100% John. Exactly. >> Wow. It seems so chill here right now. >> Yeah, >> not busy. >> I plugged in. Thanks, Tim. >> Shall we move some people? >> Always down for moving people. Let's do it. I hear the train. I love that sound. [music] So good. It also smells like bacon. Smells amazing. >> Here it comes. [music] >> Snow behind uh Roy there. Just kidding. [music] Not snow, but it looks like snow. Lot of cheerleaders here. >> Beautiful. And there's those weird seagulls. >> It's so random. >> It's so cold today. >> Yeah, maybe that's it. Okay, maybe that's it. >> Oh, okay. Nice. The real Roy. That's right. The real Roy with fake snow. We could have, but we're already on Main Street. You got to get a good walk down Main Street USA. It's always a good day. [music] >> [music] [music] >> You got enough snow, Anita. That's too bad. I'm sorry. >> We found them. I smell the coffee. It smells so good. Okay, have a good day, Edwin. Welcome in everybody who's just joining. You have snow out there, too. My goodness. I mean, if it would have rained, you know, if we would have got precipitation now, we would have got snow, too, which is crazy. So, I'm glad we didn't get any precipitation, but that would have been fun to have snow at Disney. A squeaky wheel. >> Heard that. >> Sorry. >> There we go. >> Oh, yeah. I have not seen the cranes up at the castle. Actually, still pink. >> At least from this view. I can tell she's I was like >> what >> it is. It is Isabella. >> She taught me that if you see >> you see what >> stick with the snow. I I'm I'm ready for the snow. >> H Let's go Sunshine way. Love this song. Man, my [music] hand is cold. [music] >> It is a perfect perfect beautiful day. [music] I wonder if they're going to like stop the water. It's kind of weird. Can't tell. I don't know what that is. Yeah, [music] weird. Okay. Snope is much better. >> The the Lochess monster, >> the sea serpent, whatever you want to call him. >> Oh no. I will miss it too, Sabrina. I like the pink castle. I like the old castle, too. But I really liked the pink castle. Oh, good point. They had to stop the water to put the cranes in. There you go. I knew it was for some [music] reason. That's the reason. [music] >> Yep. The repainting of the castle. Good call. >> All right. So pretty. [music] >> It looked like Elliot the dragon, but it wasn't. It was a sea serpent or the Loch Nef monster, whatever you want to call him. Nessie, there's lots of names. Yes. Cast members are doing amazing for sure. You're ready for the old castle? Yeah. I mean, I'm excited to see what they do with it. I liked it when it was that color, but I loved the [music] pink. So, we'll see. Make it shimmer. >> Yeah, the shimmer was so good. >> Oh, sorry, Benjamin. We didn't walk walk past the Stitchy statue. I do prefer the pink castle. Yes, but I'm sure the other one will be great. new to the channel. Just curious, do you have >> um I have for a while. My husband has a full-time job. No, this is my full-time job. I am a content creator. >> Yes, Josh, my brother, however, um he is a teacher and a content creator. Let's go see what the line is for the people mover. >> Operation suspended. I can't wait for this to open. You pick the You can pick the guns out out of the um container where before they were attached to the car. on Buzz [music] Lightyear. So, I'm excited for that. >> Oh, there's a little line for the people movers, but doesn't look bad. Let's get in it. Could be worse. So, it's uh 105. We'll see how long it takes. >> Hey, Desard Dream. How are you today? Did you say you saw the pink ears? Oh, no. Hollywood. >> Hollywood. >> Well, they have the new um >> Yeah, we'll have to go check those out. Probably go to the shop after this, guys. And the train is going backwards now. Me, too. Chicken dog. I'm excited for both [music] Thunder Mountain and Buzz Lightyear. It is weird seeing people bundled up. Yes. Yes, it is. >> Hi, Debbie. >> For sure. It is a relaxing ride. Agreed. >> Oh, Jiren. Oh, did we lose her? Whoopsie. Oh, >> she stopped in the shop. Oh, which one? >> I bet when we get to this corner, she'll be able to >> Yeah. >> Now is the time. Now is the best time. Yes. Yes, it is. >> Yay. >> Oh, sad. We thought maybe >> I was just weaving as the shop. >> Hello, Mary Ruth. How are you? >> Feels like home. All right, so I am going to chat about one of our awesome, no, not one, all of our awesome platinum members while we're in line. I'm going to do something a little different. I usually read them right before we end the stream, but I am going to read them now while we're in line at the People Mover. So, we've got amazing platinum members of the channel. We like to thank them and read their names out every single stream. Let me see here. We've got Total Care Tommy Moore Big Guy One Tiffany Merks Love Go Mini Diane 515 [music] Jack Sparrow Sorcerer Mickey William Ly my crazy grown-up life Chuck Polly the amazing Jayla Moxley Nani will Miller Christopher Black James Alli Maris and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our awesome platinum members of the channel. all of our members of the channel, all of our Patreon members, as well as moppers, hoppers, and shoppers. >> Thought you were taking off a later. A later a layer. [laughter] >> No, just getting a drink. >> Getting a drink. >> Taking off that later. >> I might take it off later. I'm getting toasty. >> It's nice, isn't it? >> Um Sandy says, "I live in Cleveland and just came back from Disneyland. Temperature when we left was in the mid80s." Oh my word. That's where [music] all the heat is. California is taking it. Southern California. >> Hey Indiana, how are you today? apparently. >> And it's funny cuz you can go to Disneyland in like May and June and it's cold. in 2022. >> That's funny. Chicken dog home on a snow day in Charleston, South Carolina. Oh, awesome. Sorry you have a snow day, but I'm glad you're able to watch with us today. Sorry, I just choked on my own spit. I'm sure you've all done it. Yeah, Virginia for sure. >> They're getting fried, but I don't think they mind. >> I wouldn't mind. I love that when that works >> cuz it's quite a hike up there. >> Yes, it wasn't working. >> Oh, was it not? >> It's a good stretch when it is. >> It is a good stretch. Otherwise, it's a good uh calf workout. >> So, nice to have time to relax with you guys. Thank you. I'm glad you're able to as well. Mom and dad are doing good. They might join me on Wednesday. We'll see. Dale and I have some househ some house things happen this weekend. Uh we're going to have to replace all the pipes, water pipes. No bueno. Um so I might not have a stream on Wednesday. So just stay tuned. We might be getting our pipes changed on Wednesday. Um of course somebody needs to be there. So, just have your notification bells on if we're able to if I'll be able to go live or not. But if I am, hopefully I think mom and dad are going to come with me if I'm able to. That was a long story. An answer supposed to be quick, but it was long. Yeah, Lisa, I know. No bueno at all. We have a leak, so an old house. So they just need to replace them all so we don't get more leaks. Adulty no fun, right? It is. It's a big bummer. No bueno. No bueno. They weren't frozen. No, they broke. They were um leaking before the cold. So it wasn't that they've been leaking uh for over a month and we didn't know. And then finally Dale found it. Yeah, it is very very expensive. Yes. Yes. Yes, it is. The first quote we got, we were like, "Oh, are you That was scary." >> After I said it was working. >> Okay, here we go. Those the walkway stopped right as we got on. >> Yep. Nita, they're going to have to do that, too. drywall. They're going to go through the walls. Here in Florida, then they have to take it through the I think in the attic and then they'll take it through your walls. So, yeah, it is going to be a mess at our house. Um, we'll see how it goes. This is true. Jungle TV. >> A Thanks, Virginia. Thanks, guys. Oh, we missed her. >> No, they will not take out the cement floors. Um, cuz the pipes are under the cement slab, how Florida houses are made. Um, you know, if you had a basement, if you when you when we lived in the Northwest, then, um, that's easier to do. But they can't do that. So, they're going to go through the attic and bring them down through the the drywall. That's true, Corey. That is so true. >> Yep. Always fixing something. Exactly. >> I hope not, I hope. >> Thanks, Raine. >> Yes, it is. Exactly. Indiana. Exactly. That's one problem about Florida. >> Oh, there she is. I was like, where'd she go? It is a great attraction. I love it. Love it. Love it. >> At all times. >> That's awesome, John. >> Feet, legs, and otherages inside your car. And please be clear of the doors, which will open and close automatically. >> Oh no, Tony. >> Not good, is it? I'm so sorry. >> Um, how are we going to do two, three, whatever? Please step carefully on the car for your safety. Remain seated at all times. >> How many? >> We have five. Split up. >> Want to go in one car? >> Split up. Yeah, please. >> Thank you. Stay clear of the doors which will open and close. Enjoy your journey. >> The people please step carefully onto the moving platform. Then step into the car. Tony remain seated at all times. >> I have seen a celebrity in the park. I have seen uh well not counting the shows. I saw uh Joey Fetone one time just walking around uh Disney Springs. >> Hollywood in Hollywood. Have you seen any other celebrities >> at the airport? Really? >> Nice. >> Oh, we saw um Nick one time too. Just >> one time. >> Oh, funny. Okay. Okay. That is random. I'm trying to think of anybody else. >> I can't think of any. >> This is the GTA blue line. >> Non-stop service when they're like doing shows or >> doing the shows, right? >> True. The holiday shows. Yeah. But just like out in the wild. All right, guys. Enjoy. Here we go. [music] >> Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm 495, your guide for this highway in the sky. Absolute best way to see Tomorrowland and my stars. Is there ever lots to see? From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. >> For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight on board. Thank you. >> [music] >> The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders. Transfer to Green and Red Line. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future right by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny Orac. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy, except actual stars. Those are corners. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Run. >> I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks in the cosmos for a bit of light speed competition. Attention all visitors from now. Please keep all your oncoming vehicles. Thank you. >> Yep. Exactly. Sean is down. This is Starboard 75 or as we locals call it space. Our high-speed rocket port to distant deep space destinations. >> [music] [music] [music] >> Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing [music] retreat in the galaxy, the coral rooms of Pisces 7. You H2 owe it [music] to yourself. Vote today. >> Nap time. Yes. It's warmer in here. >> Yes. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Oh no. >> Attention travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. [music] I guess at least it's not true. [music] >> More nap time. [music] >> I mean, I can still do it. >> I'd say exactly. Exactly. making and light in the vehicle by emotional community. >> Uhhuh. [laughter] >> The cold has definitely been affecting some of the rides. That's for sure. [music] bother [music] anyway. He said bother them anyway. >> Engaging Mr. Marorrow, Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. >> There's the cold [music] wind. Oh, for sure. >> Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep facing tentacles clear of vehicles. Thank you. >> That is crazy. Look at that line for Space Mountain all the way back here. >> To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship high above tomorrow. >> Yeah. 80 minutes. Holy moly. >> Wow. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] >> [music] [music] >> Heat. Heat. [music] >> [music] [music] >> Oh, he has like no line. Oh. Oh, it's not that. [music] [music] >> [music] [music] [music] >> So >> [music] >> Just kidding. [music] [music] [music] Last part. >> [music] [music] >> Take the time to see this show. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come full point. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though you're concluded, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. Today, see you in the future. >> A fun chilly ride. [music] >> All right, guys. Don't go anywhere. We're going to head into the Tomorrowland shop next. See what they have. [music] It is a gun shop. Always lots of Stitchy. [music] >> Hey, Stormtroopa. I don't think that's Andrew. That's not you, Andrew, right? [music] >> This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service throughout Norway. >> You met Stitch. That's awesome, Caleb. >> He's fun to meet sometimes. exit by the car. Thank you. >> Probably not today. Maybe another day. >> Away from the doors and >> that's true. It was not a monsoon. I am very happy about that platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. >> Thanks for 222 likes. Keepopping like button. That helps YouTube know you're enjoying the stream. >> Hi, how are you? >> Oh, it's Jill. >> Okay. >> Keep your arms and timmies away. That's right. Got to keep those timies away. Maybe not today, Zelena, but maybe another day for sure. I like The Little Mermaid. It's a fun one. It definitely lags, but it's a fun one. >> Marty Girl merch. I've seen a shirt. Um, there's definitely Marty Girl merch at Universal right now because they're getting ready for their Marty girl. It starts on the Sunday or sorry, Saturday actually Saturday. Yes. All right. Ooh, that sun feels good. >> Usually you're like, I want the shade here. >> I know. >> Right now we're like, nope, sunshine. Um, the Montreal when it goes around the Montreal resorts only stops at one park, which is this one, the Magic Kingdom. If you want to go to the other parks, you have to transfer Montreal to Epcot or you have to get a bus or a Skyliner or a boat to take you to Hollywood Studios or Animal Kingdom. So, the Montreal doesn't go to all of the parks, unfortunately, but there's a way to get there. >> All right, here we go to the shop. >> You're getting some sun today, too. I love it. I love it. They got scarves and hats for sale. All the sweatshirts. >> It's [music] kind of weird cuz normally you're wanting your uh tank tops and fans and all the things. Yeah, there's other rides that are safe for toddlers 100%. Um I'd say more rides here than any park if you have a toddler. So definitely check on the Disney app and the Disney website. It it'll fill you in on all those safe ones for the kiddos. And if you go up to the right, they'll tell you as well. Ah, warmth. Do you like this one? So cute. >> These are the >> Yeah, they do. >> They do. >> I know. Either this one or the blue one. That one is really cute though. And it's what? $10 cheaper I think >> than the embroidered one. $59.99. Yep. $10 cheaper. These are the old >> Yes. >> Pink one. >> The old ones. And she found the new one. >> The new ones. I do like the old ones. >> Oo, what's that? That's cute. >> I got the blue one. I have that pink and I had that princess one already and I'm like I don't need >> uh You don't need another one. These. Maybe I don't. >> I want right now. >> I know. They're so cozy. >> They look so cozy. >> Girls, we can have that you. >> I love this plan. $34.99. I'd have to get a whole Disney set. >> This is cozy, too. This is the other thing I keep looking at. >> Oh, that's adorable. [music] I like that. >> Totally make that work at work, too. I can make that. >> I can make that work at work. Do you have a trick to keeping pins on a lanyard? Um, they do have ones that you can lock them on there. You have to buy them, of course, separate, but they do. What's this one? >> So, that's new. >> A crew neck. >> Yeah. Oh, yeah. You don't like the hoodies? Yeah. So cute. Oh, I think they found it. What' they find? >> Yeah. What' you find here? >> Oh, they don't have the gold ones. We were wrong. That is cute. >> We're trying to decide which way. >> Oh, this way. They have it. >> They didn't have it that way. >> This way. Oh, you know what? Maybe it's just the way that it's put together. >> Mhm. >> We think this is cute. >> They have that. And then they have the hand. >> Yep. Just like on that. >> Oh, and then they have the the hat, which I I just bought this. >> It's really cute. >> It is really cute. >> Not the gold ones. >> I don't see the gold ones. >> It would also be cute just like Yeah. by itself. Okay. Darn it. >> Oh, you don't see the gold ones? >> We were wrong on our shop guessing. >> Maybe they're in Doesn't also have a And I think it's just here. >> Okay. >> I don't know why that emporium head. >> You know what? That might have been Hollywood. >> The one up where all the ears are and the pins up on the left side. >> It used to be there and then they moved it. >> Yeah, that's okay. >> Yeah, maybe see what else we can find. I do love these. They have all these. So, these are the um Look, they sold out of the character ones, but they have the regular ones. >> Wow. I'm glad we got ours. >> Me, too. So, these are 20 and then these are outside of the box are 25. >> Oh my word, this is adorable. >> Look how stinking cute that is. >> That is so fun. >> You can put it on your Mickey. It's his bag. [laughter] >> Here, Mickey. >> Same size as Mickey. >> Wait, I got one better. Here's his backpack. >> Oh my god. >> Perfect. It's [laughter] the same size. >> Mickey's going to the park. Cute. >> You can hold like a cold put like a chapstick in this, >> right? Totally. That is adorable. >> Tim's like, "Cart's at the ready." >> This matches the one you found at the Polly. >> It does. >> You can attach it and you have a whole set. I love this plant. >> They have this toe open. >> I know. This size. >> I know. Wouldn't that be so cute? That's the first time I've seen that though. So, maybe they'll get more. >> How much is that one? [music] >> 1999. Okay. >> 1999. >> 1999. >> Backpack candy. Yeah, we can put candy in there. There we [music] go. Problem solved. >> Snacks always. >> Yeah. >> At the ready. Especially when you're in line at Disney. This is cute. Oh, this I've seen this one. The peace sign. They have the white bag. We saw the red one earlier. [music] I do love this one. They're both cute. >> And Pluto being really enjoy your stream. This is nice to watch. Thank you very much for streaming for all of us. Giving us a glimpse of Disney while we're so far away. A thank you Disney fan the boss. Oh, here's the Winnie the Pooh one. That is very kind. Very sweet message. Look, there's Winnie and there's Stitchy. Found it. Ain't it cute? I like the stitch one, too. [music] >> That's cute. >> Oh, the stitch. >> The >> It's a That's adorable. >> Oh my word. It's the map. Oh, that's a good size. >> Cute. She does. >> It's a perfect size. >> It is. Give us a dish. [clears throat] >> You want one of everything. I know. >> Well, they do have your stitch one. >> Yeah. Isn't he cute? I love that the side bag is scrump a cute. >> Okay. Oh, that's cute. Okay. Love it. >> A Oh, Stitch is on one side and Scrump is on the other fun. Okay. Wait. Oh, that one had a bee and then a honeypot. Okay. >> Oh, and Minnie Mouse. >> A bow and then her autograph. >> That is adorable. There you go, guys. They're $65. They are Loungefly. That's why they're a little more. >> That's really nice strap. And they're versatile. >> They are. Totally. Look at her selling it. I love it. I love it. >> Wait, what are these? >> Just little. >> Yeah. Little tiny bags for your, you know, >> I have things they had from before. They had the little flowers on it. >> Oh, okay. That's cute. I like that. >> Reusable bag. >> Yes, I have a stitch one like that. That's why I wondered, but Those are for your candies. >> All right. Well, let's head out to the bridge and uh get a good view of my house. The castle. I love this one, too. That it lights up is amazing. Wait, what did I miss? >> Did I miss something? >> Oh. Wait, I'm not sure. All right, guys. This has been such a fun stream. Over 2,000 watching. So amazing. Um, make sure you bop the like button. Tiny bags for tiny monies. There you go, Tim. You put your tiny little monies in there. Your coins and your credit cards. Hey, Mom Rimple. How are you today? Hope you're staying warm. >> 25 minutes from the Seaway. Um, so yeah, we're just going to head to the bridge, get you a good view of the castle, and we're going to go get some lunch. I am pretty hungry. >> Hi, how are you? >> Good, good. What's your name? >> My name's Billy. Billy from Greenville, South Carolina. watch you religiously. I love you and Josh. Everything you guys do. >> Want to say hi? >> Yes, please. >> Hi, Claudia. We're watching all your work. >> I love that. >> This is our son, Julian. >> Hello, Julian. >> Hello. Nice to meet you guys. >> So happy to meet you. >> Yeah. Thank you so much for watching. >> Michigan. [laughter] >> Well, I hope you're staying warm. It looks like you are. >> So, good. Awesome. Have fun. Thank you. >> Thank you so much. >> My sister has the exact same color. >> A I love that. A >> anyway, look. We'll let you. >> No. Good to meet you. >> I got to say hi. >> Yeah, I'm glad too. Bye, guys. Have a good day. You too. >> Thank you. You see Michigan. Um, so I don't know where we're going to eat. I'm going to see what the girls want to do and we'll just go from there. But I'm happy with whatever. I'm just hungry. Hello, Amanda. Got a lot of Michigan people here right now. And I don't blame them. It's cold. Got to get away from that cold for a little bit. Whatever. >> I got to find my phone. Okay, good. Still there. I was like, uhoh, I'm losing my phone. Guys, I plugged the phone in, the streaming phone when we got on the Montreal and um it was at 11% and already it's at 81%. So, it went up so fast. That's the one good thing about the cold. [music] All righty, let's go get a view of that gorgeous, gorgeous castle. [music] I'm about I'm about ready to take off a layer. >> It's getting warmer. >> You're in Royal Oak, Michigan. Okay, very cool. Another item for the cart. There you go. Well, guys, it has been awesome. I hope you have enjoyed the stream with us today. >> We've had a great day and hopefully Josh will be live tomorrow. Just have your notification bells on and you'll get notified when he does go live and then hopefully I'll be live on Wednesday again. Have those notification bells on and uh we'll see you guys soon. Let's do a >> Let's selfie it up here on the bridge. >> We're gonna wrap it up. Oh, that was that was a closeup. Yeah, it's closing out. All right, everybody. Thanks again to all the awesome friends hanging out today. I think everybody's in. Um and we'll see you soon. Thanks moppers, hoppers, and shoppers. All right, so for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Bye. You feel beautiful. Heat. Heat. Yeah, my favorite.
