---
video_id: uTb9jvgHnd0
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Whimsical Wednesday at Disney's Animal Kingdom - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 4-8-26"
published: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTb9jvgHnd0
---
Hello everyone. Welcome to Before >> Caribing. Welcome. Welcome, my friends. Make sure you slide all the way to your left and get comfortable in those seats. We'll be staying here our entire ride. And if you're seated on that right hand side, watch your hands, arms, feet, legs, cuz we're not closing. >> Hey everybody, it's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live today here for whimsical Wednesday, Disney's Animal Kingdom. >> We also like to say twins day, which means let's go. >> All right, guys. Enjoy the safari. >> Everybody, my name is Maddie. You know what your safari we got for today. Just some safety reminders before we begin. I just ask that we keep our hands, arms, feet, and legs inside this vehicle at all times and also remain seated at all times. I want to ensure your safety and the animal safety as we're going along. And it looks like the warden has cleared us to go in. So, twin day, let's go into our first area of the reserve, which is called the Little Aturi Forest. Now, this horse is known for its very, very dense foliage and for animals that love love love to hide. So, we have to keep a very close eye out. They also love the camouflage just means they will use the coloring on their coats and patterns on their coats to blend in with the environment around them. So, that especially means that we need to keep a close eye out. >> Oh, to the right. Looks like there's an okopy. Okapies are known for that stripe pattern on their legs. And over here there's a bird species to the left. That is a saddle build short. Saddle sharks are known for that name because they have that yellow piece on top of their bells. Almost looks like a saddle sitting on top of it. And that okopy, they're known for that stripe pattern on their legs. Almost looks like they're wearing a pair of zebra stripe pants. Very fashionable choice. Despite those zebra patterns, they're actually going to be related to the giraffes. They have similar body structures, face structures, and even similar tongue to the giraffes. Now, these antelope right here, these are called bongos. Bongos are going to be nicknamed the ghost of the forest because they're very shy, and reclusive creatures. They love to hide and they'll actually use those tilt to back horse to be able to push through the dense foy to the forest. Just makes their lives a lot easier. Looks like there's another satell standing up there by that bush to the right. Actually, that saddle stroke is right by that nest. Satell will mate for life. So they'll only have one mating partner throughout their entire lives. Now to the right, these tan color analopes are called greater kudos. These gater kudos are one of the largest antelopes on this reserve. And those are both females. So the way that we can tell is that she does not have any horns on top of her head. Only males in this species will have those horns. Now, also in the forest, you might have noticed there were a lot of stocks of bamboo out here. Bamboo is a source that grows very, very quickly and in large amounts. So, buying bamboo products is actually a great conservation effort because it's worth the use of a renewable resource like bamboo rather than a non-renewable resource like normal wood. All right, my friends, let's travel into our next area of the reserve, which is called the Saki River. This river is home to a lot of semi-aquatic animals. So, as we're going along, make sure we're looking in those waterways for any bubbles, ripples, or even objects moving under. That might mean there's animals there. Now, to the right, there are some pink back pelicans. And you might be able to spot there is a hippo under the water over there. Might be a little hard to see. These pink back pelicans are the only one scesscent trees in this pelican species. And their pink colors might not be that prominent right now, but they will get more prominent during their mating seasons because the ladies like a little bit of pink. >> Oh, here's one. >> Now, especially as we're moving past this waterway, we have to look for any n hippos like that one right there. >> These n hippos will sink down to the bottom of the bird floors and be able to walk or tread on the bottom. Looks like that one's using that island. It's because these hippos aren't very strong swimmers or they don't really like to swim. So, they choose to just walk or tread on the bottom instead. >> Another reason why we'll typically find them in the water is that they use the water as almost like a protection for their skin. They can actually get sunburn like me and you. So, they use the water as almost like their version of a sunblock. >> Hippos are also very territorial creature. They'll have competitions where they open their mouths really, really wide >> and whoever can open their mouths the widest gets all the power in the group of pippos. Otherwise known as they blow the pippos. >> Oh, there's another one. >> Okay, there's one over there to the left as well. >> Now on that grass patch to our left, looks like there is a Nile crocodile. Nile crocodiles are no I should be very gentle parents. They will roll their eggs around their mouths to help them hatch faster. And the difference between an alligator and a crocodile is that they have different snout shapes. So you can tell the difference. And water is essential to all life. So it's important that we take our part in protecting it. Some of the ways that we can do this is buying environmentally friendly chemicals to prevent dangerous runoff or signing up different waterway cleanings to get trash out of there. This helps prevent animals from digesting the trash or getting stuck in them as well. It also just helps us out because it keeps our major waterways clean. After all, we need water to survive, not just the animal. All right, my friends. Well, let's journey into our next area of the reserve, which is called the savannah. The savannah is known to be very, very dry and very open. You're going to notice there's a lack of bushes, trees, and just foliage in general. Definitely compared to the forest and river that we were just in. That's because the savannah experiences long periods of drought, meaning you get little to no rainfall up to nine months out of the year. So, water can be very scarce. But animals have adapted ways either finding water on common sources or just ways to help cool down their bodies in general. So, let's see what we can find as we go along. And I do see the first animals to our right. Looks like there's some hard man's mountain zebras. These zebras have stripes don't wrap fully around their bodies. They do have a white patch on their stomachs and their stripes are thicker on their hind legs. Another unique characteristic to this species of zebra. They also have more pointed hooves. This helps them climb up on rocks. That's where they get their mountain part of their name from. And zebra stripes are also like a human fingerprint. They are unique to each individual zebra. And so that's why young of the zebras will be able to imprint on their mothers and be able to memorize just right patterns. Now over there to the left looks like there's an African painted dog. Actually looks like there's two African painted dogs are very successful predators. They because they work in teams and are also very agile creatures and their is actually unique to each individual painted dog. So, it's almost like their name. Now, to your left, looks like there's some sable ants over there. Those are the ones with those tilt back horns. They will use those horns to protect themselves from predators that might jump on top of their backs. And they're also very fierce and very brave. And we like that to represent us out here. Now, also in the savannah, you might notice some rocklike structures like the one to our left. These are actually called termite mounts. Termite mounts will grow very very tall because they'll dry out in the sun and be able to grow on top of each other just like that one. >> They're made out of dung saliva and soil. And not only are they the home to termites, but they're actually used as scratching post by some of the savannah animals. If they're small enough, animals can also use it as a vantage point. >> Animals crossing the road. >> Animal crossing. All right, my friends. Let's continue on. Now, we're coming up over to our left. Looks like there's an ancelope species right there. That's actually one of the world's largest antelopes. These are called elins. Elins. If you look at that kind of skin hanging from their neck, that is actually called a dulab. Dulabs will cool down their elen's bodies and just help regulate their body temperatures in general. Now, up on that hill over there, there's some cool cattle. They kind of have that reddish color to them and have very, very large horns. Gerald flax. >> They're one of the two domesticated species out on the reserve. >> They were domesticated by a tribe many, many years ago. >> And their horns may look really heavy, but they're actually pretty light in weight. >> Oh, so cute. >> This is because they have a honeycomb structure within their horns help cool down their bodies. Almost like having an air conditioning vent on top of your head. Now, to our left, you can also see beside giraffe right there. Messiah giraffes has those jagged spots on their coats. Almost looks like they have some puzzle pieces. This is pretty unique to the specific Messiah draft species. This is because other draft species will have more circular spots on their coats. Eating the moss. Giraff tongs can also grow very very long. Their tongues can grow almost 18 in long and they're also pretty hand side which means finger length. So, it's very easy for them to grip leaves off of those bushes. Now, these smaller animals to our right, those are called spring barking. Springbach will do a thing called proning where they jump really, really high up in the air, almost 9 ft up in air, and they'll pron when they're either alarmed or excited about something. Now, these grayer color antelopes to our right, these are called will the beast. Will the beast will travel in very, very large groups. Some of the largest groups that they can travel in is about 1.5 million of them. And they travel in these large groups a couple thousand miles per year because they're a migratory animal. So they'll follow those patterns in these very large groups. Looks like there's another mside giraffe to our left. Now giraffe offspring will be able to walk pretty much after they're born. This is a defense mechanism for them. This allows them to get away from predators if they need to. After all, there's not a lot of places to camouflage and hide out here. So, they need some way to get away. That's why they're able to walk pretty much after they're born. There's one using that freehand tongue of theirs. All right, my friends. Let's go. Let's see in the savannah and see what else we can find out here. >> Oh, it looks like to our right there is an African elephant. Oh, and to our left there's a mantel. Actually, mangels are a type of monkey. The way that we can tell is that they do have a tail. Monkeys are the ones that have tails. Apes do not. So that's how you can tell the difference between a monkey and an ape species. Now mantels also have coloring on their faces which will get brighter when they experience more intense emotions. So they basically wear their feelings on their faces. And here's a great view of the African elephant. Now, this elephant is a great example because it looks like they have some dried mud on their skin. This is very, very common for them. Actually, it looks like there's one further to the right as well. >> But dried mud is pretty common to see on the elephants. This is because they have very sensitive skin and needs some way to protect it. They use the mud out on the savannah to do so. They will use their trucks to throw mud on their backs and that mud will dry out in the sun and act as almost like a sunscreen and bug repellent because it protects them from the sun from bug bites. >> Or you could think of it as almost unlike them having a skin care routine but their only stuff is bug and the reason that they need this protection is that they have very very sensitive skin. Now, female African elephants will weigh about 9,000 lbs, while males will weigh about 13,000 lbs. So, they're a very, very large animal. Now, coming up over here, you're going to start to see some orangey red color on this surrounding stuff. This is called red clay. Red clay is very useful to savannah animals, and it's very common out here. Actually, if we look to our right, there's some line markings on this red clay. This is most likely from the tusk of the African elephants. They will use their tus to scrape up the red clay, then eat it. Just because elephants need this red clay to provide nutrients and keeps their bodies very strong and very healthy. It's very similar to how we use vitamins to keep our body strong and healthy. The elephants will do the same with the red clay. So, if you see any more red clay out here in the markings on it, this most likely is from the elephants. And it looks like there is one to our left that we'll be able to see. Now, the white things on the elephant's face, those are the tus that they'll use to scrape up that red clay. Oh, >> there's one right here. >> I think that's Cora way over there. >> And just to keep you guys updated, it does sound like we're holding for an animal up ahead. Lucky for us, that means we'll probably be able to see that animal. Now, these elephants, if you notice that some of them are made flapping their ears, this is a pretty common behavior for them. They will actually flop their ears to help keep themselves cool. This is because they have blood vessels in the back of their ears. And by flapping them, it helps get those blood vessels pumping and start circulating their blood to help cool down their bodies. >> Oh no, I see Cora. She's in the back. >> Now, that larger tree that the elephant is walking by, these are called baobob trees. Baoba trees are very, very common out here in Savannah. They get two distinct nicknames. One of them is the upside down tree because it kind of looks like they have roots on top of their branches. And a second nickname is the tree of life. You might recognize that from somewhere, but the tree of life, they get their nickname from that because they store large amounts of water that the animals can actually access as a water source. It keeps them very hydrated and prevents them from not having a source of water for a long time. And these may trees will typically remain leafless up to 9 months out of the year following those drop periods that the Savannah experiences. So, if you notice any markings on these bayal trees, this is most likely from the animals using them, especially the elephants. They will use their tus to poke holes into these trees and to get water from them. >> Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. >> Sprinkling a little bit. >> And it's like angled perfectly. Mhm. >> Oh my goodness. >> Okay. >> I kind of want my uh >> But the rain is actually very good for the animals out here. My porch are on >> and the animals do love the rain. So hopefully we'll see a lot more as we're going along. >> Wowers. It's in here somewhere. I can do it. Thank you. There it is. >> Time. Watch. I'll get it on and then it'll release. >> Yeah. >> All right. Let's get in a few of these elephants over here. Let's hold it. There you go. Perfect. Thanks. Yeah. >> Oh yeah. >> Now, elephants are also a matriarchal species, meaning they're alive by their eldest and wisest female elephants. That's because she'll have the most knowledge and experience in the group. So, she's chosen to leave it. If you look on the right side of those rocks, there is >> Cora. >> We can assume that is a younger elephant. >> A, she's so cute. Now to our left there are some greater flamingos. Pink flamingos are the palest and largest species of pink flamingos. >> Yeah. Thanks. >> Put it on. >> And we call that a flamboyance of flamingos instead of just saying a group of flamingos. >> Oh my. Now, although we know them for being iconically pink, the flamingos are actually going to hatch so gray and they won't develop their pink colors about 2 years into their lives. And they'll also eat brine shrimp and other crustations like that which provide them that beta carotene in their systems which is in the food sources. So beta carotene is that thing that provides that pink color inside their bellows which is why it takes a little bit for their pink color into the bellows. >> Much better. >> Flamingos are also a filter feeder. So if you know some of them are fully submerging their heads. This is pretty common for them. >> They will fully submerge their heads to filter out the water from the food inside their beaks. Now over here there's a mud pit also called a mud wallow out here in the savannah. Mud wallets will be used by animals to roll around in and keep their skin nice and good in the mud. This helps keep the animals nice and cool. And it does look like there is someone over there. We'll probably get a better look in just a few moments. Now, animals out in this do have to rely on their personal abilities like their teamwork like the painted dogs. Just seeing a large group like the will be. And I do see some animals that rely on their speed and agility like the cheetahs to our left. >> Oh wow. >> Yeah. These cheetahs can run about 60 m hour. They will use their semi- retractable claws to gain traction and they use their tails almost like a boat rider to go even faster. So they use their boat boat tails to go in a circular motion to help keep them balanced and help make them have very quick turns. Really does help out with their speed. Actually looks like there's more over here as well. Sandas also have a black ring around their eyes which helps deflect the glare from the sun. It's one of their adaptation of savannah. Now these rocks are called kopi rocks. They stand very very tall and are used as vantage points or as just as a place to sunbathe for some of the animals like the lion up there. >> That middle rock three there is a lion sleeping up there. Yeah. >> Now, lions will typically sleep 16 to 20 hours per day. >> And that short window if they're actually awake for is when they'll go out and hunt typically during the night externc nocturnal hunters. They're very successful in nocturnal hunting because they have six times as better night vision than us humans do. And to the right that is a water bug sitting there. Water bugs are my personal favorites. They produce this greasy, stinky liquid that waterproofs their coats. Also looks like there's some white rhinos also. But yeah, they produce there's a greasy stink stinky liquid that waterproofs their coats. And they also have heart-shaped noses. So I like to say they're stinking cute. That's why they're my favorites. >> Looks like we'll get a much better view of those lines up there to our left. >> Actually, looks like the male is on the bottom. The way that we can tell the difference is that males have this furry stuff around their face or their manes while the females do not. >> Females are up there. >> Wow. >> They want to be high up high today. >> It looks like there are left there are some warthogs out. Warhogs are one of the largest buring animals on the reserve. >> And they'll actually back up into the burrows with their tusk facing outwards to help protect themselves from predators. >> That one's like kneeling. That was cute. Now, these white rhinos over here, you can kind of see that dried mud on them. These are the animals that will typically use those mud walls out here on the savannah to roll around, and they help keep their bodies very cool. >> And that horn on their nose is made out of keratin, which is the same thing that makes up our hair and nails. They're one of the largest species in the world. Now to the right, looks like there's some eggs on the ground. These are most likely ostrich eggs due to their size. We're going to assume those are ostrich eggs. Ostrich eggs are one of the largest bird eggs, which does make sense because ostriches are one of the largest birds. And it does make sense that they are all laid together like that because ostriches will typically lay their eggs next to other ostrich eggs to help keep them protected and safe. and they'll weigh about 3 lbs each, which is the same weight as about two dozen chicken eggs. Now friends, this is the edge of the reserve which is called Matti Glenn. It's the home to the warden and his post and it looks like the warden has brought out some Nigerian dork to help take care of their post. But um looks like the goats have been hiding from the rain. >> Oh, that's so cute. >> Now that's nice that you see the goats at is how big they're going to get even their adult years. They're very small animals. They will also produce milk which can be used in a bunch of different dairy products. >> So cute. >> And these goats will also have three to four offspring which are called kids. >> Now friends, all the animals in nature that we saw today can be protected by you. There are a ton of conservation projects out there that you can research about and that are happening worldwide. Some of them like buying bamboo products instead of normal wood products or signing up for different waterway cleanings if you have the time. But one of the most basic and daily things that you can do is reduce, reuse, recycle. I know I'm sure you hear it a lot, but it truly does take us one step closer to protecting our natural world. I'm sure all the animals that we say today would appreciate your help very very much, my friends. Now, if I had any wilderness explorers on board, this was symbol one. Once again, for wilderness explorers, this was symbol one. You've run that badge. You can talk to the cast member outside this departure dock to get that badge from them. Just tell them that you were riding the Simba one. And also friends, if you're interested in seeing any other animals today besides the safaris, there are some selfies walking trails out in Animal Kingdom. There's the Gorilla Falls right outside this departure dock. You can see a variety of animals there like naked moler rats, mircats, maybe even some gorillas. And there's another one, the Asia part of animal kingdom where you can see varietals there like komodo dragon or maybe even a tiger. They're about 15 to 20 minutes each and fully wheelchair and stroller accessible. And once again y'all, my name was Maddie and I'm from the very far distant land of Orlando, Florida. And just as we're waiting for the warning clears in, make sure you're looking around your rows and make sure you have all your belongings. I don't want you forgetting anything. And here at the Harambe Wildlife Reserve, we think goodbye to final and way too sad. So we like to say quaharini, which means to go well. So kaharini, my friends, go well. Go wild. Go make a difference out there. Go have so much fun. But most of all, go have a great rest of your day, my friends. Now watch your hands arms legs. Those doors not opening to your right. And once you step as you guys quarreling, my friends, thank you for joining me. All right. Hey everybody. That was a good safari except for the rain. It was like people mover monsoon all over again. It was It was crazy. But then it stopped so we were fine. Literally right after I put my poncho on, it was like, >> "We're done." >> Like rain insurance. >> Yeah, it was. >> But welcome in. We did start a little early today. Okay. Wait, hold on. Daddy needs >> because we got through the line quick. So, we were like, "Well, we'll start whenever we get through the line." And that's when we started. So, hope you guys didn't mind the early start. But, we're going to head to >> the Gorilla Falls cuz it's right here and why not? Who doesn't like a gorilla? >> I know. I love the gorillas so much. I wish we had um the little monkeys like Punch Monkey. Punch the monkey. They need those here, too. I would come every day just to check on him. >> How's Punch doing? But we we have some cute gorillas, too. Baby gorillas. Um so, let's go check on them. They might be inside, though. I don't know. Gorillas, I don't know if they like the rain or not. I would assume not. >> The goats didn't. The goats did not. That was so cute. Um, but yeah, thanks for join. If you have not already, please hit the subscribe button and hit the notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Like today, we went live 30 minutes early. So, that's why it's good to have the notification bell on so you do get notified. Hello, Amara. Hello, Karen. Daryl and Victoria. Jay is here. Hello. Hello, Aly Cats. Benjamin, I am fire. Oh, hello. Hello, David. I didn't see you there. Hello there. David said he would like to see speak with my supervisor. Okay. >> Okay. So, you started earlier. >> Yeah. Um, hi. >> No overtime pay. >> No overtime. No. Hello. I am the supervisor. How may I help you? >> Just Just funny. Just kidding. >> I will say though, it's very hard to know how long it's going to take you in the queue. >> It is. We thought it would take us longer. >> Hi. Hey, cuz there's a lot of people here today. >> Looks like Yes, it is busy. Looks like they are inside as well. Getting out of the rain. Yeah, we did not have a clue how long it would take us. So, we figured let's get in line. And hey, we got in there and it was it was fairly fairly decent. So, all right, let's go see if the okapi is out over here. We got to see one on the safari at least. If it's not out. Oh, yeah. He's out. A >> so cute. >> Is he stretching his neck? >> You doing your stretches? >> It almost looked like he was or he or she was sniffing. >> Chloe used to do that. We take her out and she would just stand there, >> sniff the air. >> She has to find out what's going on. >> What's Exactly. It's like reading the newspaper. Yes, David. The supervisor's name is Henna. Exactly. >> Hi, Leslie. >> So cute. >> All right. And I love how they say that they have um their party pants on. >> I know. >> Party pants. >> Can you see the na the na business? Is that what is that it, David? Full of the dad jokes today. I love it. >> It's great. >> Yes. Sniffing for dogs is like scrolling social media. Exactly. Doggies go out and see what's going on in the neighborhood. I used to love it though. She would We literally I take her out. I set her in the grass and she would just stand there and she would sniff for the longest time. And finally I'd be like, "Okay, let's go party now. Come on. Remember why we're out here. Too cute. What is a newspaper? That's funny. >> Yep. David, I got you. I got you. >> I know that. I know that joke. >> Hi, Leslie. Make our way through here. Yes. So, the official opening of um Big Thunder Mountain is May 3rd. Thank you so much. >> We want live animals. Thank you. >> Yeah. So, May 3rd. That is so exciting. If you guys didn't see the um announcement on Instagram, Disney parks posted. It was hilarious. So, please go watch it. It was so funny. I showed Sharon while we were standing in line at Starbucks. I was like, "This is amazing." >> Your duck on your right, guys. >> Oh, thank you. A go ahead. You can cross. >> Yep. It's duck crossing. Go ahead. >> So, I got two over here in the middle. >> Go ahead. You can go. >> We're going to check you out. >> Yeah. >> We won't get you. >> Oh my goodness. That is so cute. >> That is adorable. >> A Yeah, of course. >> So cute. I love all the blue fishies and the yellow fishies. >> Hi Leslie. Wasn't that adorable? I love the yellow birds. And then Oh, look at the one in there in that little cage. >> I was wondering why are they just getting in and out? >> Yeah, it looks like it. It looks like a dove of some sort. >> It's just open on the top. Yeah, that is so cute. As long as it's not a pigeon and it's not running into me, I'm okay. An attack pigeon. >> Oh my word. Yesterday, Jesse and I, Jesse Mos and I went to uh Universal for a vlog and the pigeons were like flying at us and I was like, they were all over. >> I was very jumpy because of what happened the last time you and I were there. >> Jesse was laughing at me. That's going to be an AK10 house. The attack of the pigeons. >> The attack on the pigeons. >> That would be frightening. >> Yes, it would. >> Not going to lie, that would be frightening. >> All right, what do we got over here? >> Is the hippo out? Well, let's see here. You see the bubbles coming up right over there. Right on by the wall. >> I didn't see anything. >> Hi, Santi family. Happy Wednesday. Uh, which channel will the Universal vlog be on? It'll be on Adventures of Jenna and Dale whenever I can get it edited. Um, hopefully tomorrow I'll edit and then maybe get it out over the weekend. But, um, we tried a lot of new foods. They had a lot of new things including different flavored popcorns which was giving me like Tokyo vibes because you know in Tokyo they've got a ton of flavored popcorns. Um so that was >> in Tokyo Univers Tokyo Disney and so much so where I was like I'm going to buy a souvenir bucket cuz this is worth it. You can come back and get refills. >> Oh, there's one. My goodness. So cute. Oh my goodness. Oh, there's a zebra, too. >> Oh, there's some down here. >> He's doing a very good job. >> He is doing great. >> He's all the way stretched out. >> As tall as he can go. >> A We don't need to talk to his supervisor. >> Nope. Nope. He's good. >> Hello. His uh summer lady. There's two down here, >> but I don't see any more. >> Oh my goodness, they're adorable. >> Yeah, they're digging. >> They must be working. >> And then the zebra just Oh, here's another zebra coming in. They can't figure out what happens or where they're going to. >> We also built this area so there's lots of herbs in the wall. >> That's right, David. >> Um, so yeah, we tried different popcorns and we tried a um uh what was it? A garlic cone filled with meatballs and marinara sauce and then also a butterbeer another butterbeer treat. So stay tuned for all the all the treats and see what we liked and what we didn't like. Hello, Tim. >> Did the cone also have spaghetti or just meatballs? >> Meatballs, marinara, and >> otherwise it could be a little bit like that pizza. >> Yeah. No, you're right. Actually, it was the same meatballs as on the pizza. >> Okay, those are good meatballs. >> They were very good. >> Oh, there's another one. >> Okay, no worries, David. Have a good one. for you. >> I know they're all coming up >> up here >> doing well. Anthony, how are you today? >> It's actually um Florida chilly today. Well, it's been chilly then warm then chilly then warm. We've been like on and off. >> Yeah. With our sweaters all day. >> Hello, Kronos Craig. How are you? >> Oh, there's three down here now. Oh, nope. That one went in the hole. Nope. There he is. >> Oh, that one looks little, doesn't he? >> A. >> They're very busy. >> They are very digging. >> Mhm. They're working. And this one's watching. >> A good Anthony. I'm glad Michigan is cold. Oh, no. I'm sorry. And it's chilly in Florida, so I would assume it's probably chilly other places. But we're supposed to have a nice Friday for Friday Night Live, so I can't wait for that. That'll be great. And this weekend and next week is supposed to be gorgeous, which is also good because Josh and I's um 10K is coming up. >> Oh. >> Yeah. Oh, they're out. Oh, yay. I love these guys. I could >> It's on a Saturday. Mhm. >> Oh, Friday. >> 5K. Yep. Oh my. It's busy. You can tell it's a It's a busy one. There's so many. >> She's got the the limb with her back foot. >> You'll see them a lot of times at the age. >> Thank you. They're exploring the limits of their body. >> So cute. >> We have two moms and three >> over here by the rock. Sorry, that's our teenage girls. I know he's going over here. >> We have our dominant female top 15y old and I don't have eyes once. >> They're so cute. They're looking at me. >> Okay. >> I'm hoping they come closer again. She might. Oh, here we go. >> Oh, I bet they were. Uh-huh. So, there's a little roof right there. >> Oh, she like wiped it on her fur and then ate it. >> That's interesting. >> Isn't that funny? Yeah. >> Yeah. I don't blame her. Smart. Very smart. Hello everybody. Welcome in. Is >> this the first time they've been up close for a while? >> It's like she found a piece of fruit or something. It was orange. >> Why? With our hair. >> On our hair. Perfect. Yeah. I like that hair right here. Perfect. >> Oh, there she goes. Hi, Shay. I'm >> trying to think. Um, is this the smallest one or >> Oh, yes. He just said, >> "Okay, the thing is really grown." >> Four and a half years old. Wow. >> Remember when she was little little? >> Oh my goodness. I think she was the one that had the boo boo on her leg that day. Do you remember? It was showing you >> come fix it. It hurts. So they're very active foraging exploring seeing what as far as >> Hi Catalina. So, I wonder I know they have males over there, but they don't have a male here like they used to if he passed away. So, there of course won't be any babies. >> Yeah, >> I wonder if they're done with they're just going to have this family group or if they're going to try to have more babies. >> That's that's a good question because also if they use any of the males over there, they can't be related, >> right? Or they can always have them go visit another zoo. >> Yes, that's true. That's true. You know, >> but yeah, because they have the b the male of the group, >> but obviously he's gone now. >> Bring another male >> into the group. I wonder how that works. >> Uhhuh. Yep. A >> Oh my goodness. So cute. Do you think that one's quick? >> Hi, Rox. >> They're so funny. Oh, a >> Oh my goodness. So nice. So cute. Just hold them with my neck. You got this. >> That's so cute. >> Should we go out? >> All right. Well, they have gone on the other side, but that was great. Yeah, that was one of the best viewing we've had of them in a while. We >> really haven't seen them that close. No, we haven't. Well, that was awesome. Okay, doing well. Noel, how are you today guys? Share out the stream. Let everybody know we are live. Hopefully, if you are getting notifications, you did get the notification when we went live. Pop the like as well. Go see if any of the males are out and about. >> I feel like as soon as I take this off, it's going to rain again. >> Yeah, >> it's not hot. So, >> it's not it's not bothering me. It's >> not too hot. >> Yeah, >> there's always there's a nice breeze. Um Okay, let's see. Oh, yeah, there is one. Oh, wow. >> Yep. >> Oh, there's another one right here. >> Yep. Oh, this one's coming this way. Oh. Oh. Oh my goodness. >> He's right here. He came over to see us. He like came fast, too. >> Oh, yeah. Cuz on the other side of the rock there's also >> Oh, yep. I see. I see him. >> I was wondering if Are they doing a little, you know, >> maybe? Yep. He's backing up. Oh, wow. >> Oh my goodness. They're so big. >> That is really interesting. >> Oh, isn't that crazy? little power play going on. >> Mhm. >> Oh, now he's laying down. >> And here's the other big one right here. >> Yeah, they sure are. And then they've got the little smaller one back there. >> Oh, that's awesome, Kelsey. >> It's a bouncy brick. >> Welcome to the stream if you're just joining us and welcome to Animal Kingdom. We are on the Gorilla Falls trail checking out some gorillas. Jay, that's funny. They should, shouldn't they? >> Yeah. I'm not seeing any here. Most of them are over there. >> Okay. >> All right. like, >> "Hey, John, how are you today?" And yes, I didn't say who I was with, but you guys are already saying hi. Hi, Sharon. Everybody was like, "Sharon, >> they know your voice." >> We were on the safari. >> Yeah, that's true. >> Yeah. So, we are hanging out at Animal Kingdom today. We're dodging the rain, >> but it hasn't been, >> knock on wood, horrible. >> No, it hasn't. >> We've been pretty lucky. Oh, there's one. >> Two actually in the bush right here. >> Yeah, we have been lucky today cuz the way it looked earlier, it looked like we were going to get a lot of rain today. No, >> we still could. >> Some pretty during dumped on rain. >> Yeah. Oh, Mr. Young Dude says, "I'm at work saying, "Hey, Resort TV hoppers, moppers, and occasional shoppers." Love that. Hope your workday is going well. All right. Well, they're just hanging out there. So, at least we got to see them down close to the glass. That was fun. >> Thank you. You too. >> I know about how >> looks like they've got like some enrichment or something over here. >> Oh, yes. >> Look like cups. >> Or no, you know what they look like? They look like giant dog um those Kong toys that you can put like peanut butter or Yeah. treats in. >> They're fun. Yeah, he's pretty big. >> Uhhuh. This is a nice area that they have. >> Yeah, really nice. >> Oh, bunny. >> A Don't fall off, bunny. >> That's pretty big bunny. >> That is a big bunny. >> Oh, coming this way. Oh, got the baras on his neck. Her neck. Cuz these are all girls. >> She's collecting her branch. These are my branches. Huh? >> Oh my goodness. They all Look, that one does it, too. >> Like, this is my jewelry. No one touch. >> No touchy. Now, I'm going to sit here and eat them. And I'm going to go over here and eat mine. Oh, that's awesome, James. It's a good way to watch on the elliptical. >> Oh, that's very good. >> Yeah. I've always wanted to try one of those. I've never tried ellipticals, but they sound like they'd be a good workout. >> Uh-huh. They look like they really get your heart rate up. >> Yeah. Hi, Brad. Yep. So, that one's sitting over here eating their branches. And this one is sitting right here eating her branches. All right, let's head out of the trail. And yeah, today was the opening of Buzz Lightyear. We got to go on it Monday on the stream. If you guys missed it, >> um it was a uh soft opening and it was awesome. We bar I think we waited 20 minutes that day. It wasn't bad. It was It's not bad at all. And it was fun. I love the new the new um different colored lasers. I love that you can pick the blaster up out and move it around. >> Yeah. And it vibrates when you hit >> the target. >> It's It's great. I love the improvements on it. Um I'm still not getting a amazing score yet, but you know, >> I need to improve my skill. >> We'll figure it out. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Did the bunny go ribit ribbit? Oh my word, Tim. If you know, you know. I know. That's hilarious. Okay, so on one of the streams, I think it was Friday Night Live, I don't even remember why I said it, but I said the rabbit said rivet. Rivet. >> I don't remember the I don't remember the context and why I said it, but I do remember saying it. Oh my goodness. I forgot about that. Tim, words are hard. That's all I can say. Oh my goodness. So funny. Well, we got to see the baby giraffe, the baby elephant, the baby gorilla, who's not really a baby anymore. Um, are there Well, the baby tiger, I guess, who's really not a baby anymore. >> No, none of them are really babies. >> No, we need more baby animals. >> All right, let's head out of this area. >> They send you a voice of your score with Buzz's voice. Oh, I haven't even looked on my app. That's cool. >> Oh, on your app. >> I bet so. I bet that's okay. I'm going to have to look >> cuz I didn't notice that on the when we were on the car, but No, >> I don't know. We didn't I didn't know what was going on. >> I'm assuming it's they send it to you. >> That's cool. >> Yeah. And then Jenna saw a frog eating a carrot. There you go. Good. Oh, yeah. I do better at Toy Story Mania as well. >> I know. Baso is so big. He's basically full grown. >> Crazy how much I mean I get it. Tigers aren't as big as um elephants then and the baby elephant. It's taken her a while to grow which I get and I love that she's still little. >> Adorable. >> And in nature the tiger >> Hi Jy Bowser. >> Oh parents at a sooner age whereas the elephants stay together >> longer. So and and if it's a female I think they stay always. Um, but if it's a male, then they sh them on. Yeah, eventually. >> Um, do you need a restroom break? I do. >> Okay. Do you? >> Yes, we'll flip-flop. >> Okay, >> let's go into the shop. >> It's sprinkling, but not bad. >> Could be way worse. >> Let's see if the line has died down. >> Yes. Oh my goodness. Earlier it was out the door. Yeah. All right, I'll be in here somewhere. >> Yeah, it is very crowded here today, guys. Let's actually let's go in here. >> Welcome in. Please bop the like button. Maybe the rain's going to start having people head out. I don't know. We'll find out. Jumbo. Let's go in here and see. So, they do still have the um Holly one at least trash cans that you can fill up. Um, we have some yummy treats over here. >> Cupcakes look good. >> Mickey, bark, mango, coconut, chocolate, peanut butter. Ooh, what is this? Peanut butter and jelly s'more. Uh, yes, please. banana sport. >> All right, that might be an ad to cart to try. Sorry, guys. >> I am choking on my SP. That's talented. Dinoco gummies. Hi, love pucks. How are you? >> And then we got assorted tropical fruit gummies. Paradise Falls with Doug. Coconut patties. I know somebody said these are really good. I've not had them. Oh, sour octopus gummies. >> Yeah, my favorite chocolatecovered pineapple on a stick. I've never seen this. Okay, sounds interesting. >> All right, let's go this way. A >> and her family moved down to Syracuse. >> Oh my goodness, this is so cute. >> Look at that little town. >> That's adorable. >> I love the painted dog, too. >> And there's the okopy with the park pants. and uncle used to live on that street. They started describing their house and where it was situated on the street. >> Trying to think where to go. I guess we'll go this way. >> I don't see a lot of new things. That's cute though. This is fun. I've not seen this one. I like it. You got your crops and your lounge slide to go with it. That's awesome. This is fun. Spirit jersey. You need the wild dogs. So cute, right? Love the love. Here's a mircat we were looking um at the real ones earlier. And these are handcarved. They are $34.99. That's really not bad. They used to have a little giraffe like that, but I think this one's for sale. It's not little. $29.99. That's not bad. That's pretty big. My daughter wants to know if Animal Kingdom has any new ears. Um, so yes, newish. Um, so they've got the Safari Mini and Mickey like um Sharon had on that you can build your own ears with. They also have um new Adventures Out there ears. And I'm trying to think. >> I know. It's not bad at all. Right. And if I see any more, too. Look at the elephant. Oh my goodness. Look at Mickey. Isn't that new? Safari Mickey. >> He's so cute, >> right? $26.99. Oh my goodness, he does. Oh yeah, they're asking if there's new ears. And yes, these are one of them. The build your own Mickey Mini Safari. >> And uh Thank you. >> Boxes. >> The what? >> The blind boxes. The build your own blind boxes, which >> um >> and then I got a couple of those the other day. >> Um >> Wilderness Explorer ones. If we see them, we'll see. >> Yes. Yes. >> But all right, I'll be right there. >> Yeah, there are some really cute new Animal Kingdom ears. And hello everyone. One of the pairs especially, well actually two of the pairs we love. Oh, one of them's over here. The new Simba ears, which I think are really pretty. I don't see the Wilderness Explorer ones in here, but Simba, I don't know if you guys can see those. I'll get a little closer. Here we go. I think those are so pretty. >> And the back is just plain. >> Hello, Amara. Hello, summer lady. Hello, Miss Disney fan cat. Hi, Kathleen. I like this Lion King sweatshirt. I don't really need any more sweatshirts in Florida. My fies. I don't know if I pronounced that right. Sorry. >> Yes. Just when we think we have enough uh Hey, take your tail John. Just when we think we have enough ears, then they come out with something new and we think we need it. Are you going to the game tomorrow? Oh, goody. Oh, yes. The Mariners. It's fun that you got to go see them. They're off to a slow start. I still hold out hope that, you know, it's just the slow start and it'll pick up. You probably already saw some of these with Jenna. She'll be right back. But uh so sorry if I'm showing you some repeat items. Hi Amy. Um so Mercedes the new there are new blind boxes that have the build your own ears like attachments. So, they have, I don't know, like six plus two surprise ones, two mystery um that you can attach to your build your own ears. And they're really cute. They're kind of more like spring colors. Mickey and Minnie are pink. So, they're really cute. You know, these blind boxes, they're addicting. Thank you, Mercedes. Nice to see you, too. This turtle is adorable. Anybody who has stayed on Disney property has maybe experienced this, but I love that they do this. The bus drivers when they're taking you from the resorts into the parks, if a turtle is out on the road, the bus will stop and the bus driver will get out and move the turtle off the road to make sure it's safe. A >> Have you ever been on a Disney bus when the bus driver has stopped to move a turtle off the road? >> But that's so cute. I love that. >> I have gone I have gone to move one before. >> Oh, you have? Good for you. >> Um, so I wanted to show these. These are new. Aren't these cute? >> Really cute. >> You've got Safari Minnie, Mickey, Goofy, Pluto, and you got Donald and Hueie, Dewey, and Louie. Those are adorable. >> Um, they are Well, it doesn't say. They don't say, but these are fun, too. >> Those are I think this is really pretty. >> I also like this hat. >> Me, too. >> She's a nice bright color. John Laro, uh, congrats on 22 months of Restore Hopper Baron. Just wanted to say that you do such an amazing job streaming. You bring peace, joy, and laughter to so many. Thank you times a million. A John, that's so sweet. Thank you very, very much. I'm so glad that you enjoy the streams. Um, so we found Mickey. There's also Safari Minnie right here. A >> Isn't she cute, Minnie? So cute. >> That would be a fun little figure set cuz, you know, they're specific to this park. Oh, there we go. >> Oh, there's our sign. 40 bucks. >> But you do get eight of them. That's cute. >> And it has a remote. Is this like a remote park? >> Yeah. >> Exactly. Exactly. >> Okay. >> Shadow Dragon. How are you? Isn't that cool? >> How much is that one? >> $29.99. >> $29.99. Here's the um tank top I need. >> That's really cute. >> I also like the little kids shirt. That's new. >> I really like that shirt. Amazing. Obviously, it's youth sizes. >> It is, but um I I hate adult sizes. >> Me, too. It's so stinking cute. This one's cute, too. Yeah, >> I like this color. >> Me, too. Yeah. >> I um back in the day had a Tower of Terror shirt in that color. >> Oh, that's perfect for towers. >> Yeah. >> $36.99. >> Okay. I also love this hat. >> I know. I was just going to say here visor. It's like, you know, >> face visors. Uh-huh. >> The ears are kind of fluffy. >> Yeah, they sure are. >> Holder. It's like harder to hold them in place on a hat. >> Yeah, agreed. >> This is cute though. >> It's very very very cute. I was trying to say so and vary and it didn't work. >> So very >> savag. >> Yeah, diagonal. Exactly. Diagonally. All right, guys. Well, it is >> I took my jacket off and now it's wrinkly. It's a bit sprinkly. Yeah. So, we're going to head this way. Um, we could go see the tigers. We could also, actually, let's go the long way around to the tigers because I want to go see what we can see over in Dino Land um as we walk over. So, yeah, let's do that. Five nights for three people at Coronado Springs with tickets is under 4,000. Uh, park operate goes over 4,000. Not horrible if everyone pays their fair share. >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. >> For sure. >> Make sure that six-year-old pays their own. >> Yeah, exactly. But if you're coming with friends, that would help. You could um chip in. >> Friends for sharing a room. That's >> Yeah, totally. Also, if you want to book a stay at Disney, go check out our awesome sponsors, mikytravels.com. Mickeys.com. They will help you book your trip. It won't cost you any more money than if they were to or if you were to book it yourself, but they help plan it for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com. Also, check out mickeyblog.com for all of the latest Disney news. >> Yep. It's coming down a little harder. >> Time to get the jacket back on. >> Uhhuh. That's how it's all day long we've been doing this. All right, so this is where the viral ice cream cookie dough sandwich has been. There's no line. >> There is no line. I want to try it, but I'm a little nervous. >> Ice cream. I feel like we need two more people here. >> Yeah, it's going to be very very um >> very uh sweet. Very rich. >> Oh, the tamarind are actually out. I didn't think they'd be out with the rain. Oh, they do have a little kind of cover. Hi, friends. I miss the little babies. They look like backpacks. >> And the one up on the >> I know. So cute. I solo Disney and do the cheapest resort hotel. So worth it. I like spending too much money on merch and food anyways. Hey, I get that. You're not going to be if you're not going to be in the room or at the pool much, then I get that. That's what we do at Disneyland. We don't get the best room there cuz we're literally at the park >> pretty much the whole time. Just want to make sure it's clean and has a place to sleep and nice bathroom and shower. It's all you really need. >> Also, some of the lower priced resorts here on Disney property have nice pools. >> Oh, yeah. They sure do. >> So, you know, it's it's not necessarily it doesn't mean you're not going to get a nice pool experience. >> That's very true. Oh my goodness. Is he eating the branch? What are you doing, little buddy? The one on the back wall looks like the biggest one, but I could be >> I could be wrong. They all might be the same size now cuz there's a dad and then all the babies. >> Oh, yeah. That one on the back looks a little big. >> Yeah. >> Looking for bugs. >> On the back, but >> Oh, is bigger. >> Yeah. On the backpack. >> Backpack. >> Very fun. All right, let's go this way. >> Hello, Amy. >> There's Starbucks. This one is one of the least busy Starbucks in Disney, which I love. I don't know if it's because people don't know it's here or they just don't want Starbucks weather here. The mornings will be busy. When it's cold, it'll be busy. Um, but yeah, we got through pretty quick today. Maybe they don't want to stop for coffee because they're going to line up for something like light a passage. >> Very true. >> Safari. >> Oh, let's go this way. >> It's kind of hard to take a coffee on the safari. >> Yes. They won't let you. >> No. Although supposedly if it has a lid on it, but I still feel like it would be very difficult cuz one time a guy said, "Oh, you can bring that on if it has the lid on it." >> Oh, really? On the safari? >> I feel like I would spill it on myself. I feel like >> because of the way that the car >> but I feel like they've told me before that yeah you can't have drinks. >> I don't know. Huh. Okay. >> I think they maybe change it if it has a lid. >> Okay. Cuz I think they're afraid that you're going to accidentally throw it in. I mean not on purpose. Well, some people might. >> I just think it would be really hard to keep it from spilling on yourself. >> Yeah. No, I agree. Hey, Jennifer. A that's very sweet, Jennifer. It is one of the best ones on property. I agree. Oh, there he went. Turning around. So crazy. If you would see these out, you know, in the wild, that would freak me out. >> See if he goes this way. Sometimes he stops. Oh, the otter are right here. >> Oh, look at him. smelling that huge >> goodness. Oh my goodness. That is adorable. >> That reminds me of again Chloe when she was a puppy. >> We gave her her first bath. She weighed a pound and she decided to drag the big bath towel across the floor and she looked like that. It was so cute. I have a picture >> after you had given her a bath. >> Yeah. >> You know, usually after you give dogs a bath, they get the zooies. And so she was like, "I'm going to take this and I am going to take it across the floor." And she did. So cute. She looked just like that. >> Now they're just munching on it. >> Yeah. Like they're trying to >> maybe break it. >> Smaller pieces nest or something. >> Maybe >> for fun. >> My goodness. You can see how sharp their teeth are. >> Yeah. And you can hear it. >> You can hear them breaking through that branch. >> Is that them making that noise? I think. Oh, maybe. >> Or is that a bird? >> Jiren did tell us that they kind of chirp like >> Okay, >> that sounds >> I think that's a bird. Yeah. >> Yeah, I think that's a bird. Oh my goodness. They're adorable. This is the most I've seen them. Uh-oh. It's floating away. Bring it back. Bring it back. Look, he's trying. I got this, guys. >> He's saying to his friend, "A little help over here." >> Yeah, exactly. Guys, see that one got a piece off, so he's chewing on that. >> Oh my word. Good job. Oh, sorry. I pointed it down. >> They're in the midst of engineering. There was uh baby otter, you know, and I haven't seen them out and about, so maybe they still have them in the back. >> Oh. Oh my goodness. They're so cute. I'm going to take some of this. >> Uh-huh. I mean, it's big enough to share. That's for sure. >> Oh, there's one up top. Is there? >> Oh, yeah. >> Oh, that's so cute. Oh, that one swam away. This one's still working on that branch. >> Oh, man. You can hear him. >> The one up on top looks like he's about to dive in. >> Oh, yeah. I don't know. He's thinking about it, maybe. Or he's doing something with the grass. I don't know. Oh, here we go. >> Maybe going to go in the water. >> No. Now he's chewing on the on the >> He's too busy >> on the grass. >> Grass over. >> Me too, Wendy. Me, too. >> I could literally watch the animals all day. all day. >> They're so fun. >> Jay says, "Today's message, love one and otter." >> I love that. That is great. >> Perfect. Hi, Mary. >> Oh, perfect. >> Mary says, "We'll be home in over 73 days." That's awesome. >> All right, let's head this way. And or is it closed? The trail is currently under refurb and provides no Oh, that's fine. No exit. Yeah. We just want to go see if the kangaroos are out. >> Oh, yeah. And get a good view of the tree. >> Yes. Great view of the tree. Oh my goodness. I love the animals. Um I feel like when the weather's like this and then in the winter and things, I feel like they're more active. In the morning as well, when it's hot hot in the summer, they're not as active. Oh, we got a thousand watching now. Thanks everybody for being here. Please bop the like and subscribe if you're new. Oh, that's so cute, Kelsey. I love that. Oh, yep. There they are. Oh my goodness. >> Oh, wow. >> Hi, buddies. >> Got a good view. >> Yeah, we do. There's three of them, it looks like. Okay, that's fun. Oh yeah, for sure. John, looks like next week we're going to get back to the, you know, normal Florida temps and the 80s, but I'm okay with that. I'm ready for 80s. >> Mhm. >> Oh, Zoo Tampa. I've never been to Zoo Tampa. >> That zoo looks really good. >> Does it? Oh, I'd like to go there sometime. >> Go there, too. >> I've heard uh Zoo Miami is a good one. Of course, that's further away. Tampa's a lot closer. But yeah, there's no zoos in Orlando, right? >> I don't think so. >> I know. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh my goodness. I love your little hoppy hop. >> Of course. But it's But it's not a zoo. >> But yeah. Oh, there's four of them. I didn't see that one right there. A. Oh my goodness. They usually hang out back here, but they can go out further. Maybe they're inside areas over here. And they a lot of times like to hang out by that I4 is the zoo. I mean, you're not wrong. >> Oh, wow. >> That's funny. >> True. >> That's great. Hi, Edwin. How are you today? Oh, the Samford Zoo. Okay. I've never been to the Sanford Zoo. That's not that far away. >> Closer. Yeah. >> Epcot is the zoo, Tim says. I mean, again, Tim, you're not wrong. >> This these last couple weeks. Yes. >> All right. Well, let's head this way. Got a view of the tree and the kangaroos. Uh Karen says, "Can you keep in the low 80s when we get there mid May, please?" I would like >> 80s is perfect. >> I would like that. Believe me. >> Yeah. Tim, are you okay? We haven't done a Tim check in a while. Tim, you okay? >> I was watching an old HHN video last night cuz Tim made me do it and >> from from Adventures of Jenna and Dale and uh Tim was in the video with Dale and I and um I said, "Are you okay, Tim?" And he said, "Yep." And I had made him I'd made friendship bracelets for everybody at HHN. And his said, "I'm okay." >> Do you still have that one, Tim? >> Uh, three years ago, I think. >> Three years ago. >> Yeah. I think it was my first year having um frequent here. Oh, okay. >> Oh, there they are. They're way back there now. >> See them? They're way back there. They were They're done with the branch, I guess. Yeah, there's four of them. Oh, I'm doing well. Thank you, Edwin. Hi, Dis Magical Moments. >> Oh, >> see you at midnight. How are you? >> Okay, well, let's head on over to what used to be Dino Land. See what we can see above the walls. I know that they've got some buildings that are up higher that we can check out. And then we'll walk over to um to the Tiger Trail in Asia. safari. >> Woke up this morning in Missouri, Missouri and it was 25. Now I'm further south in Missouri and it's 78. Oh my goodness. >> Okay, that's a big jump. Oh my goodness. Tropical Americas is going to be so cool. Yeah, I'm excited to see it. Oh, did you see the charms? The doggy charms. >> Right about these. I haven't seen the pictures. >> Aren't they cute? >> A need. >> Uh-huh. I kind of want this one. >> And I do like the other. >> I want all of them. Yeah. I even like the little kitties. >> Me, too. >> I like that movie. Me too. I love Marie. She reminded me of Chloe. Little sassy. >> Wow. >> Yep. >> Yes. Tim. The year of Ivone and the toilet snake. Yes. >> You should see Sharon's face. What? Okay. Okay. Let me explain. So, there was a house. Are these new? Hang on. Squirrel. I feel like Okay, this one's new. Yeah, that one's new. >> I feel like that one's new >> cuz that I remember this one. I remember this one. >> Okay. >> I don't remember that one. >> I don't either. I do remember this one. >> They don't have Ariel, the one I got on here. Anyway, >> or is >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> I think that's Rapunzel. >> Or is that this Rapunzel? >> Oh, >> maybe. >> I'm not sure. All right, back to the story. Yeah. Sorry, that was that was Squirrels. Yeah. >> All right. So, uh Oh, wow. James. Oh my goodness. >> So, the the year again, you can go watch this video on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. It's one of the first ones. So, post a link. But they had a house this year. Actually, it was the first year you guys came. >> Okay. >> Um and for HHN, they had the Yeti house. Did we do that one? >> We didn't do it because the line was too long. We wanted to do it. I think we only did like three houses or something cuz the lines were crazy. But >> so it was a yeti house. It was a good house. It wasn't that scary cuz you know, >> you know, it's not real. >> Um but it was fun. It was very campy and cuz it was like kind of >> it was in a camp. But yeah, so we went in the house, you know, and the yetis coming, they're coming out at you. Bears are coming out at you, you know, and there were parts where they would get you cuz they jump out and stuff. So, we go into this one building area inside the house and it looked like it was like an outhouse and Ivonne was leading and all of a sudden this fake snake pops out of the toilet. >> Out of the toilet. Oh, like >> pops up out of the toilet. >> Oh my god. >> And she freaked out, decided she was going to turn around and go backwards, but there's, you know, always people behind you in the line. I'm like, I you cannot. Let's go. Let's go. I know, but >> we laughed so hard our faces hurt. Oh my goodness. I'm like, you're scared of a toilet snake that's not real, but this giant yeti comes at you and you're fine. It was pretty funny, >> right? >> It was hilarious. >> I think I would be right there if I actually >> I mean, I get it, but it wasn't like she was going to use the bathroom. It was like we were just walking around. It was funny. >> I know. It's just >> Hi, Pat. >> Oh, that's cool. That's a good idea. Got the band over here. This looks so different already >> without the, you know, that building is really kind of >> and no Dino Land sign. >> But yeah, there's one of the buildings. Isn't that crazy? That must be one of the attraction. >> Yeah. >> I wonder if it's a cathedral. >> You're dancing in your chair. I love it. Oh, this is a good one. All right, guys. If this is muted later, you'll know why. Don't copyright us. >> Yeah. >> Wow. >> His summer lady. That's funny. >> Right. >> Holy cow. Squirrel. >> Squirrel. >> It's going to come flying right at us. >> Oh, I hope not. >> I know, Brad. Right. >> So cool. >> Oh, you can even see these stones right here in the front. Obviously going to be like the entry >> Yep. into the land. >> All right. I can't wait. I'm excited. >> It's going to be a while, but you know, it'll be here before we know it. So, that is probably >> Well, this building >> No, cuz I think cuz you know >> Indy's that way. So, maybe it's that. Yeah, one of those. Also, there's >> this is the this is the entrance. This could be this what we saw >> just now. >> Wow. >> Cannot wait. All right. Indiana Jones is going to be busy for sure. >> The new cassita ride, which I think is a a water ride, I believe, or a boat ride at least. >> Um, and is that it or there going to be two? >> I know they have a carousel, >> but I can't remember if there's going to be two. >> Maybe like two in. >> Yeah, I mean, I know the carousel is in KTO, but I don't know about >> Oh, the other one. Yeah. Oh, >> and Indie. Super excited for you. >> Right. Me, too. Definitely. >> This path people don't come on much anymore because unless you're coming to Nemo, I guess, >> which you can. >> Or this way to go to the Everest. >> Yeah. >> With the really dark clouds behind it. >> I know. >> Pretty cool. >> March 2027 for Encanonto followed by Indie a month or two later apparently. Okay, cool. Actually, that's not that far away. Too bad. >> We're going to have HHN Christmas and then that will be coming. >> It gives us a lot to look forward to. >> It really does. Yeah. >> The Encanto attraction is rumored to be like Mystic Manor. Ooh, the one. Wait, the one in Disneyland Paris? No, Mystic Manor is in Hong Kong. That's in Hong Kong. >> Well, that sounds fun. Either way, I'm excited. >> We need more rides in Animal Kingdom for sure. >> Yeah, it'll be really nice. >> Yeah. Hi, Ryan. >> And yes, please take a moment and bop that like button, everybody. It lets YouTube know you're enjoying the stream and then it'll share it out with more friends so we can get more friends watching. Hong Kong. Okay. I thought >> Okay. >> After I said that, I was like, that doesn't sound right. Yeah, Hong Kong. It's the one with the um Isn't there like a a tiger? Cute little tiger in that one that they sell the plushy for. >> When are Monsters Inc. and Villains Lands supposed to be done? I think Villains Land's going to probably be the longest. >> Monsters Inc. I don't know. >> Yeah. I wonder if it'll be the same time as >> is. Is this >> Yeah, cuz they kind of started them around the same time, didn't they? Well, I feel like they started Monsters first, actually. >> Yeah, >> cuz they had that closed. >> They had that closed before um Christmas. >> Yeah, >> cuz we couldn't go back there in Jollywood. >> It might be more like 2028, but I bet somebody can find that in >> Yes, exactly. >> All you need. >> A tiger, a monkey, and a lot of mysticism. Mysticism. >> How do you say that word? >> Mysticism. >> Mysticism. I don't know. >> But yes, I do remember the monkey now, too. Cute. Cars Land is rumored 2028, 2029. >> Villains is rumored 2030, 2031. >> Got pushed out because >> they want they decided to kind of start over >> with their ideas. >> Oh, >> well, apparently rumor has it that was a Josh Tomorrow thing. >> Okay, I like that. >> Took the helm. >> He wanted it to be better. >> I love that. >> They said, "Let's go back to the drawing board." Better. I do, too. >> Good job. I mean, oh, okay. Let's just walk into that shop. Yeah. >> I love this shop. >> It's starting to bore. >> It's raining. >> It's raining, guys. Raining. Raining. Well, this is how it does, though. Like, it starts and then it stops and then it starts and then it stops. But this is a good one to duck into for the moment. Okay, see if we can get in here. >> I'm really excited for villain. >> Oh, me too. I cannot wait if it's anything like Darkmore and >> but it's going to be of course Disney themed. I'm excited. This is new. Oh my goodness. >> That's really cute. >> That is cute. >> Oh, fun. Get your own uh Yeti hoodie. It's a Yeti hoodie >> for $79.99. >> $79.99. This is fun, too. Spirit jersey. Me, too. I love that. >> Yeah. >> Nomads, Voyagers, Wonders. Way, >> I love it. >> That's fun. >> Hi, Mike Wazowski. >> Class member told me Disney may be moving the minivan service to its own Disney app to remove paying lift. I mean, that makes sense >> for the minivans. Oh, the minivan to it in taking it off of lift >> and just making it Disney. >> You know, I've often wondered why they didn't do that. >> I mean, it makes sense. Yeah, total sense. >> When they first started that service, it was it was on the lift app, but it was a different pricing system. It just was like a first launched it. Now, it's more of like lift pricing >> depending on how far you're going and all the things. That would be great if they >> That's what it sounds like. That would be cool. I'm here for it. >> Let's go see what the rain sitch looks like. This shop is nice, but it's always so squishy. >> Yeah, it is crowded. People are coming off the rock. >> Yeah, it's not that bad. We're good. Hi, Kit. Hi, Greg. Uh, yes, we saw that. Yep. Can't wait, Greg. That'll be awesome. Hi, G Margie. Okay. Um, let's see. Oh, Everest is a 55minut wait. That's how you know it's busy. Look at the queue. Oh my word. >> I knew it was busy here today, but wow. Yeah, it's still spring break. >> Yeah, it sure is. >> It kind of surprises me. >> It surprised me how busy it was this week. I thought most kids would be back to school. >> Me, too. Same. But I guess country >> I guess more people have it off this week than we thought. >> Yeah. >> All right. Well, let's head to the Tiger Trail. Hopefully, we don't get caught in a downpour. >> It's threatening us. >> Mhm. I'm actually wanting to look at my phone. I think it's right here. Got it. Let's check the weather. >> While we're heading this way, guys, bop that like button. Subscribe if you're new. We talked about um Mickey travels. Let's talk about Oh, yeah. Here it comes. Let's talk about resort tv1homes.com. resort tv1homes.com brokered by expy. You guys are wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World. Check out resorttv1homes.com. Again, brokered by expy. Go over there, fill out the information form. We'll get you in contact with the right realer for you in the area that you're looking. Resorttv1homes.com. Guys, check us out. Hi, Carol. And guys, also speaking of um little while ago we were I guess adventures of Jenn and Dale. Dale put out a new video yesterday on our channel. Um, and it was one of the uh it was from Mia's, which was a uh happy hour place we went to, and they had really good deals there. And their pizza was amazing. >> The food that you guys ordered was so good. >> It was so good. $5 personal pizzas. I mean, how often do you get that anymore? You can't even get that at Pizza Hut anymore, I don't think. I don't know. Maybe you can. But anyway, go check out the video. Check out what we got. And they're brick oven pizzas. The crust is homemade. It's just so so good. So, go over and check it out. >> Thanks, Emara. >> The drinks were good. Yeah, I really liked my sangria. I would get that one again. >> Um, it was good. There was more to try, too. So, they had a great uh happy hour menu. And oh, there's a baby duck. Hi, baby duck. Did you lose your families? Where did they go? Oh, maybe they're around the corner. A >> I know he wasn't doing his little squeaking. So hopefully he's okay. Maybe they're up here in the bushes. Holy moly, look at that wind. Uh, Jenna, that vlog made me so hungry and we had to have pizza for dinner. I love that. That's awesome. Thanks for watching it. Um, our Easter was good. Pinocchio, how was yours? That's funny. Plymouth Rock. Hey, Sassy Sarah. I got Shop and Sharon here. Yep. Jazzy Jenna. >> I love that. All right. Oh, yeah. You're right. It is this way. >> I forgot where we were going, >> but squirrel. Here's >> Oh, here's the other earrings. >> Here's the new ear. >> These are the ones we were talking about in the other shop. >> Mhm. These might be an add to cart. >> Yeah, I do really like these in the back. We've given it a week and we keep talking about them. I always feel like that's a sign. >> I agree. >> Oh, I love them. >> I like these, too. >> But I like these better. >> Yeah, the badges. Me, too. >> Does this badge mean that you um befriended a tiger? >> Uhhuh. >> What is that badge? >> Back. Back. So, >> okay. >> Yep. And a gorilla. >> Did you see the gorilla? >> Oh, >> right there. >> Okay. >> And here you can chop watermelons in half with your hand. >> I have no idea what the Oh, that is that swimming? That's a person. >> Oh, yeah. And that is >> sign language. Maybe a bat. Those are add to cart and bought with Tim's card. Hi Nly. >> Good to see you. >> Hey dinosaurs. Oh yes. >> Hi Jessica. >> All over the world. >> Oh yep. Instead of whimsical Wednesday, it should be windy Wednesday. Yeah. These are the other new pair that they have. And I also love these. >> I know. I do love those. >> But um anyway. >> Mhm. Yep. They need these. >> I think so. >> Sassy Sarah says, "Haha, hey, shopping. Love it. >> I like our names. >> I do too. >> Do they have one for befriending a squirrel? Um, they need to. >> Well, >> we can make our own. >> Or that you got attacked by it. >> Yeah, we almost did. >> Uh-huh. Yeah. >> And the video is hilarious. >> And Dale did a slow-mo on it. >> We were laughing. >> I know. Dale did a slow-mo on the video. And it is hilarious cuz my voice is slow. So it says, "You can get a drink if you want." >> Thank you. >> It's so funny. >> And then and then we scream. >> Yeah. And the squirrel leaps at us. >> I need to post it as a real but >> story. >> I don't know. So funny. >> It sounded very confusing. It kind of had to be there, but go back and watch. >> So, it was on uh the stream two weeks ago or was that last week? When? Last week. >> Yeah, you're right. When the shuttle >> Yes, >> it was a week ago. Today we went to check out the shuttle launch and um at Magic Kingdom and then we went to the um Robinson. >> Yes. Treehouse. >> Treehouse. >> And uh >> Right. Robinson treehouse. Why does that sound funny? >> Robinson. >> That's right. I forgot that word. Um and >> has killer squirrels. >> We came downishing this story more and more. >> We came down to the bottom and the squirrel I was just looking at it. So cute. And Heid I I said he was going to get like our food. I was just being silly and then I was like, "Oh, you you get your drink, little buddy." And then he jumps across the creek and we thought he was going to jump at us. Oh my goodness. We screamed. >> We screamed. >> It was funny. >> Oh, look. He's back on his rock. It is chillier today. I get it, buddy. >> And another bunny. >> A I showed the video to my husband. He laughed so hard. It was really funny watching it replay. >> Oh, that fan. Seriously, now we don't need that one. >> What's your biggest fan? >> Who's my biggest fan? >> Uh, did you see the one with Jenna's sorting through her ears? Wait, what? You mean on TikTok? >> I don't have a problem. I don't That's a really old one. Yeah, >> that's a good one. I remember that one. >> That was cute. >> We were sneaking your bags in. >> Yeah. >> It's like Josh with the duck at MK. Exactly. >> Uhhuh. >> The animals. I tell you, I love animals, but man, they're out to get me sometimes. Hi, Amarie. Thank you so much for being here. 1,100 in the chat, 515 likes. I bet we can get some more likes. >> I don't know. >> Oh, they're working on this >> exhibit. I thought you were All right, guys. So, we do have to zoom through the bat section. >> I am sad that we do because it'd be fun to show it, but >> we cannot. So, we'll go through to the tigers. If it lags, we'll bring it right back. Oh, thank you. Sorry. All right, let's go see if we see back. got his back to the >> That's the people employee. >> Oh, I should ask him. >> Oh, there's definitely day. >> All right, guys. >> Well, at least we have to see him. >> Yeah, >> just chilling. >> All right, let's go down. We're not getting the best signal. >> Yes. pretend like you're not. >> I want to be on my own. >> I want you to see me, but don't touch me. >> Yeah, it's so true. I've never owned a cat, but I know a lot of people's cats are like that. My roommate had a cat and it scared me. >> That cat, I'm telling you. >> Oh my goodness. It wasn't mean, per se. Like, it really liked her, of course. Didn't like me. I mean, it just wasn't mean to me, but at night >> Yeah. >> at night when I because we had a bathroom in the middle of our rooms that we shared this apartment and I'd go out to go to use their bathroom and it would see me at the end of the hallway with its glowing eyes and come hiss at me sideways. >> They have those >> Oh my goodness. So scary. >> I'm like, "Your cat tried to get me again." No, that's it. >> I can see it. >> Yeah, I don't see it. Yeah, up top's way better. >> Oh, well, at least we got to see him. Hello, the Charger Principal. How are you today? We are visiting family in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma. Oh, no worries. Oh, yes. Yes, I read it but probably was lagging. So, um, a big thank you to Sandra for becoming a bronze member of the channel. Thank you so much, Sandra. That is very kind of you. All right, let's just go this way. See if we can find. So, I wonder now, so that backso is there. Does the mom and the dad take turns here or does mom ando take turns over there? >> That's a good question. I don't. >> Yeah, me neither. But they definitely don't put any of them together. >> I say Sarah, that's funny. No, they do not. >> Sassy Sarah said, um, she thinks she would move if a cat did that to me. >> Yeah, that's a little >> It was a little scary. I'm not going to lie. And I had never had a cat. I've always had dogs, so that was like, what is your cat doing? Hi, Commander. Hey, Mcato. My cousin um had a cat on her so on her grandma her other grandma's side and we go over and see the >> the kittens at her grandma's and I wanted one so bad and my mom was like we have a dog we don't need a cat and mom had never had cats either so >> we had cats and dogs when I was so I was kind of used to it >> we're going to yeah we're going to go this way cuz that just lags Hey Julie, how are you today? Hey Rita. >> Yep. Again, I'm not against cats. I've just never had one. And the one my roommate had kind of scared me. But I know some people have a really like a cat that almost acts like a dog, which is so cute cuz a lot of cats don't do that. A I love that. >> It was so sweet. >> I just like animals in general. But I know Josh and Steph had a cat for a while and that one I would go to stay at their house sometimes cuz it was in between where mom and dad lived and my college at the time and I would go and sleep on a um air mattress in their living room and the cat would wake me up in the middle of the night jumping over my head playing with the curtains. Like I was like, "Oh my word, >> look, I have a new friend." >> Yeah. >> Wake up. Play with me. >> Oh my goodness. Hi Val. Hello Jeff from Minnesota. Welcome in everybody's. Oh, we've seen lots of animals today. It's been fun. We've walked all around except for we haven't been to um uh Avatar >> yet. We haven't been in the either of the big shops either. Hi, Robin. My son's cat and dog are best friends and our comic cat and I imit dog were best friends. A I love that. Me too. I love that so much. >> Cats love to play at night. Yes. Apparently these did. I taught my old cat to fetch. We'd spend hours in entertaining each other. That is adorable. >> We have a brother and sister. They are as close to dogs as the cat can get. That's really cute. I love that. Again, like I said, I just I've not had experience with good cats, and I'm sure there are some. I have three cats and a dog. The dog likes to play with the cats. Cute. >> Hi, Noel. >> And then, um Josh and Seth's cat when they got the dog, they didn't really get along when they had when they got Porty. And uh so she she would spend most of her time under the bed. come out every once in a while. >> Is this like Punch the Monkey? >> Oh my gosh. Oh, and he has his own. >> Yeah. >> That's so cute. >> This one's cute, too. >> I know. >> Flying away. >> Uh, no, Val, you haven't missed much of the shopping yet. We've only did a few like little stands and things and the the one shop over by the safari. I know one day when you are ready, you will you will be a beautiful blessing to another fur baby. A thank you, Amarie. That's very sweet. >> Very sweet. Thank you. One day. One day. Monkey bites. What? >> I mean, monkeys do bite. It's true. >> But not punch the monkey. He's so cute. >> He is so cute. >> All right. Well, let's go left here and then we'll go up to the front shops. >> See what we can find >> and then maybe we'll stroll over to Avatar. Land Pandora and go. Riley here. >> Yeah, you will be. >> You're going to blame it on us. >> My daughter wants a car now. Thanks y'all. Or you mean a cat >> or a car? I mean, she could want both. I don't know. Long time lurker here, but so grateful all you and Josh do to bring joy into our homes. A, thank you, Jennifer. That's so sweet. I really appreciate that. We both do. >> Love Punch the Monkey. He is the cutest little thing. Yes, he is. is and I want to adopt him and bring him to my house, but I don't think that's legal. So, I won't. And I bet there's millions of people that want to also adopt him and bring him home. I want a cat that drives a car. Cardboard box. I mean, sure. >> Very interesting. >> Uhhuh. That's funny. >> Now, they do see well at night. True. >> So, if you need a good like nighttime driver. >> Yeah. >> Well, you can uh hire them out. >> Cat the car driver. >> Punch is so precious. He's getting big, too. Uh Mara says, "Uh, Carbo, I thought you wanted sharks with lasers on them." My goodness. So funny. All right, let's go into Discovery Trading Company. We are going to probably have to switch over to Wi-Fi, so I will have intentional lag coming up here in a little bit. Um, but I will bring it back as soon as I can. Tunis, is that how you say it? An SNL cat could drive a car. Oh, that's funny. Too funny. Love that. Ah, that's hilarious. Dogs have family. Cats have staff. I have heard that before. The cats are like, "You're waiting on me." And dogs are like, "No, I love you. I just love you." >> Perfect. That is so well said. >> So funny. That's so cute. >> Yeah. The dog just wants to make you happy. >> Yeah. >> But the cat expects you to make them happy. >> Happy. Yep. >> Uh-huh. >> Give me a nice picture. >> Exactly. Here's all the cute little guys. So then I say skip the front of >> Dumbo. >> That's one thing I I don't I know. >> Look at his face. >> So cute. >> I don't have really any Dumbo things. I have one. I guess one thing. >> Me neither. And they had those. They might still have them. The um build your own ears. They had a Dumbo for a while. >> I know. I think it's gone now. They don't have a lot of those like character-wise anymore. They have cars, Wishables, and Minnie Mickey. The whole gang. Pluto is cute. >> Oh, and here's the cherry blossom ones. >> So cute. >> I love them. >> I love little Piglet. Of course, Stitchy. You got Marie. These are 1999, I believe. Yeah, 1999. All right, guys. I will be right back. I'm going to switch you to the Wi-Fi, so don't go anywhere. I'll be right back. All right. Are we back? Should be back. Hello everybody. And bam, we're back. And look, guys, a brand new Stitchy Loungefly. It is adorable. Oh my word, look at the zipper is scrump. >> Um, it is $80. >> That's really cute. >> So, so cute. >> That's not as high as some loungewise. >> No, it's not. >> Some of them are 90 or 100. >> If I feel like if they have the sparkles, >> they're more. >> But yeah. 626 day. 62626 is coming up. >> Dale needs this. >> Uh-huh. >> Dale, you need this. >> In honor of 626. >> I agree. >> He knows how much I love Stitch. >> I am all for this. >> I like that hat. >> Oh, I know. >> That's really cute. >> It's really for kids, but honestly, sometimes these are big enough. Yeah. >> Mhm. >> Sometimes these fit me better than the adult ones cuz the adult ones come down so low. >> Yeah. Then you're like, you can't see anything. Mhm. >> Here's the car one I have here. And I also love this bag. >> Mhm. >> $24.99. Comes with a nice long strap if you'd rather have the strap. >> It's really cute. >> Yeah, I love it. >> And we're back. Awesome. >> On Dapper Day. >> Oh my goodness. It would >> Okay, then I >> Then I'd need a Dapper Day stitch outfit. >> Yes. >> Right. >> Love that. Love that plan. Stitchy everywhere. >> We got baby stitches and angels. >> Oh my goodness. What is this? >> That is a big stitch. >> Oh, it's the ultimate stitch. >> Um, excuse me. This is literally the size of a stitch. Okay. What just happened? >> Oh my word. Look at him. >> Okay, that's actually a little creepy. >> It is a little scary, John. Yeah. >> Okay. Go, Stitch. Go. >> Real jump. >> I knew it was going to happen and I jumped again. >> Can you imagine that coming like um while you're sleeping and it just turns on? >> Yeah. >> Okay. How much is that? It could be scary. >> It's probably over $100. >> You get used to it. >> Is it on the bottom? >> Um, >> he is so cute. >> Oh, there we go. I can't read it. >> $59.99. >> Oh, $60. That's not bad. I thought it was going to be 100 bucks. >> I love the picture there of him. Like, you know, nothing. Realistic movements. >> I know. >> Stitch dances. >> So, do I kind of want him or is he going to be too creepy? Let's do it again. >> You might need him. >> Let's do it again. >> Yeah. Here, let's pull him forward so we see him in the >> $50 is not that bad. >> And he's talking. >> He said, "Aloha." >> Yep. You need him. >> I need him. >> Mhm. >> Okay. Dale. >> Stale. I need him. Oh my word. He's really cute. We're going to pay with Tim's credit card. Okay. >> Oh, good. >> Oh my goodness. I do remember when Stitch teepeeed the castle. >> Do you remember when he teepeeed the castle? Stitch. >> That was so cute. >> I love him. Brad says, "You know you're going to buy him, so just do it." >> Oh my goodness. >> Big demand now that you show. >> I know. That's the only place I've ever seen him at Disney at least. >> All right. Um, what else we got here? Goofy. Grandpa says, "I'm buying that creepy stitch for 80 days." >> Creepy Stitch. >> Here's all the the decals. >> So, okay. One thing I >> This one >> I noticed. We kind of need this. >> I know. >> Cuz it's no longer. >> They have ones that So, this one >> This one's extinct. >> Yeah. >> Pardon my pun. >> Wait, there was another one that I saw that I thought Well, like Liz and Magguire, like things that aren't really around anymore. I love the Muppus one. >> Me, too. >> I love the Gertie one. They're also cute. Stitch, of course. >> Yeah, the Gertie. >> I'm surprised that has >> a Christmas present. Yeah. And this one, actually, since it's no longer here, >> of course you need him. Use your character. If there was a Tinker Bell one, she'd be mine. 60 for Disney standard. Not bad at all. And I get 20%. >> Yeah, it's really not bad. >> What if I come home with that? would be like, "What the heck?" >> You'd have to like put him on the couch. Just surprise him. Just like somehow >> start it up. Yes. >> Yeah. >> He would probably say the same thing. That is creepy. >> Oh, this is so cute. Mom might need that. Mother's Day is coming up. There you go. >> $29.99. >> Cute. And we have the corner. >> It really is. Here's the fruit line right here. Thanks, Shannon. Now, my son wants to go to Animal Kingdom to buy the Stitch. I'm sorry. Me, too. I love the pillows. >> Is so cute. I love the pillows. I like the ears that match these, which aren't this display, but >> Yeah, but they go with this. I love this cop. >> Yeah. >> The little frame. It's just of the salt and pepper shakers. >> They're all so cute. And you could leave these out if you lived in Florida. >> Yeah. >> Long past summertime. >> All right, let's go see what's in here. >> Like your patio furniture. >> Oh, that'd be adorable in there. I love that plan. >> All right. >> Did you see this new Animal Kingdom shirt? >> Isn't that classic? >> And I really like that one, too. >> Me, too. >> I like the colors. But yeah, I like that. And the background color isn't too >> No, I like it. It's more gray. >> Uh, if Jenna's streams don't make you hungry, they will make you Disney wishless longer. That's so funny, Amara. >> It is true. >> Hide Stitch in the trunk of your car and pray he doesn't start talking when Dale's in the car. >> That would be really funny. He goes to put something in the trunk and Stitch starts talking. >> Aloha. >> Oh my goodness. Okay, now I kind of want him to do that, >> Chucky. Oh, like he's gonna start talking. >> That's why I kind of don't want him >> because I get this in my head. Okay, maybe I don't want him. >> Oh my goodness. That's funny. >> Oh, look at all these pretty shiny things. >> I know. >> I do really like that one. Those earrings. Boop earrings. >> I love the ring. >> Yep. Add to cart. that I had. >> I think Jiren has this one. >> I like that. >> I do like that one. >> Very cute. >> She gives us necklace ideas. >> She does. Exactly. >> All righty. >> What else do we see? Is this one new? I feel like this is new. I don't think I've seen a Goofy one. That's cute. >> And the ears. >> I know. Adorable. >> 50. 9.99. >> Can you please mail me a letter? Mail you a letter. I I can't. Well, how about you just watch the stream? There's your letter. >> Watching the stream. >> Yeah. There you go. >> These are fun, but >> heavy. These are really, really cute. But >> if you're sensitive to heavy ears, this is not, you know, these would look really pretty on display. >> Agreed. Yes. >> In my house. >> Agreed. And uh a little pricey >> or at a shorter event where you didn't have to wear them all day. >> Yeah. Just a little bit. A little a little time. >> Can you please Oh, I just read that. >> Don't scare Uncle Dale. Why are we calling him Uncle Dale? That's funny. Uncle Dale. I'm gonna start calling Uncle Dale. He's going to wonder why. >> Why are you calling me Uncle Dale? Liam calls him Uncle Dale. >> All right. What else is new? I'm not seeing a ton. Actually, let's go um to the jewelry over here. Oh, they have all the ears. These >> grab my attention every time. I want all of them. I also think we should buy these and then get them um >> personalized. And I have the the big version and then we can get them to match. >> Oh, I like that. Get the big ones, too. >> I don't have the white or the black. Oh, >> the ones that you can personalize. >> I have them both. My white ones are personalized with your white ones. >> I wore those the other day. >> Yeah. >> So cute. >> Uh battery check. We're at 29%. Thank you. Amara, >> have you had these personalized yet? >> No. Okay. >> So, Jesse got them for me, Jesse Mouse. And we just keep we keep forgetting and we're going to go sometime and get them personalized, but we don't know what we want to do for them yet. >> I was going to ask like what your idea was. >> Yeah, we don't have one yet. >> It's hard to come to one. It's hard to narrow it down to one thing. >> It is. >> And then once it's personalized, that's really cute. Isn't >> that fun? >> I was like, mom, no. >> And in case you can't tell, viewers, these are like cloth. >> Yeah. So it's it's a lightweight. >> It's really fun. >> Keychain or bag charm. >> These are fun, too. City. >> Somebody could 3D print that. >> Yes. >> That's really cool, though. >> Um because they have Don't they have cruise loo here too? Or um No, girls crew. >> Yes. >> I always get them >> confused. The Christmas I think are probably behind the >> Yeah, they're in the >> Oh, these are neat. >> I like your Oh, your >> um No, it's just your your letter. >> Okay. Oh, your letter. Oh, that's cute. >> I love that. >> I see. Here's your letter. >> That What is this one? >> I don't know. These are hard to tell what they are. >> That's an L. >> It's an S. >> Oh, there you go. There's mine. And then a P. And then we need J. >> M. I know. We need all the J's. Oh, maybe the J's are gone. Unless this is a J. Is that a J? >> I think so. >> Looks like a music note. You see grandpa likes shopping better with you than Josh. Oh, well Josh is just not a big shopper, but thank you. Appreciate that. >> Um, okay guys, we will show you just a second. I think it they're on this one over here, but we just can't get to it right now. Oh my word, look at this one. >> Stand clear. And then there's a little tiny Montreal. Isn't that adorable? Disney World. Disney Mama. >> Mama Mouse needs this one. >> Yes, she does. Pixie dusted. Walt Disney World. Disney adult. >> And they have keychains now, too. fun. Yeah, please don't forget to walk the like button. We have 1100 in the chat. 600 likes. I bet we can get some more likes. All right, let's see. Oh, they have the Walt Disney World one. >> They are. Yes. >> Not that one. >> I I got it a long time ago. >> I got this one >> like when they when they first came out. >> I got it. Okay. I do like that one though. And I like I like that one and the one that says Disneyland. >> Mhm. I love these. I want these next, I think. And the ring. >> This one's fun. >> Oh, yeah. I do like that. >> And cheaper. >> Yeah, these are just like Disney brand. >> $29.99. >> They are cute. >> I like the earrings. You get three different. >> Those are cute. >> These are cute, too. >> Yeah, they got some new things. >> A Those are really cute. >> I love these. >> Well, these are fun. Yeah, these are really nice. >> Hey, Spider-Man are a nice size. >> Yeah, >> not too big, not too great size. All right, let's head out this way. >> And we'll head across to the other shop. I remember that one time we had the J crew. It consisted of John, Jessica, Jenna, Josh, Jerry, Jane, Jesse, and Julian. That's right. And then we called Tim Jim. That's funny. >> He had all the Jay's and then Sharon. Jiren. >> Yeah. I mean, there is already a Jiren, so that's true. >> It is. Well, but there's lots of Jesse's, so could be two Jiren. >> You're right. Yeah. >> Yeah. It's all good. >> This is cute. >> Hey, Micah. >> All right. Oh, they have a ton of those ears over here. So, we're good. >> The Wilderness Explorer. I know. >> I like that t-shirt. >> I know. Me, too. And the mug. Have you seen the mug? >> These are really cute. Oh, I love this size. And it has that look of a camping mug, like the metal one. >> The metal one. Yeah, >> I love it. >> Tin or whatever they were made out of. >> It's adorbs. We've got this $36.99 that we need. I also love this. >> So cute. See, I think Josh sent me some. So, let me see what we've got here. And then >> here's the build your own ears. >> Yes. So, somebody was asking earlier about what all like what comes in the blind boxes. Pins. Little plushy things. Little cute plastic ornaments. But here's the ears. The build your own ears. >> I love them. >> I want her. >> I want Stitchy. Donald's cute. >> I want Donald. >> William Poo's cute, too. Yeah. I have Mickey. Mickey Mickey. >> Yeah. >> I have one Stitch. >> And then >> And then I got Chip. >> Chip. >> You both have Chip and Mickey. >> Uh-huh. >> Are you going to buy more? >> Maybe. >> Maybe. Uh, we have a PayPal from Moanshee. $10 for Moansi. No message, but thank you so much Mo Banchhei for the um $10 PayPal. That's very kind of you. I know that's a hard thing. You said the one Stitchy doesn't shake very much. >> I don't think Stitch shakes as much because these gears. So, one thing about these, anybody who likes blind boxes, they're not inside another plastic wrap. >> So, they're just loose in the box. So, Stitch, Hi, Kevin. His ears take up more space. And I did notice that that box didn't shake very much. >> Okay, >> that's good to know. >> Yeah, >> this one really shakes. So, however, the box I guess it would be like, you know, sometimes it's hard to tell if you got moved sideways. >> Yeah, good point. >> Okay. >> Well, I'll probably wait. >> Wait. Okay. They do have um the bands. >> Uhhuh. The bands are really cute. >> I love those so much. >> It's just fun to have a different color. >> Agreed. And then they have the gold. Did you get the gold? >> I did. I love that. >> I love that. >> I kind of want the bow. I haven't got that yet. I think the gold will look pretty on this handband >> more than that. >> Although I also don't mind the look of the black and the gold, but I also think they look cute on this. >> See what's on the other side. I think they have >> gold bands now. >> Uh-huh. I like that. >> We need a gold band. >> Gold band. Um, they do have the ones that Sharon has on today. >> I love these so much. >> Regular mini Mickey. They're out of Stitchy now. They have Tiger, Daisy, and the Zootopia Gang. aliens and the car Cozy Kong. Hey Jerry, they all shake pretty well. >> Uhhuh. I definitely noticed that like chip for example >> really shook. Yeah, >> this could be his stitch. >> I don't know. Tell me what you think. I think that he that that one doesn't shake as much as like this one. It's hard to tell. >> Oh my goodness. >> We need the guaranteed deal. You can just buy all of them. >> Oh, and then you don't have to worry about it. >> Look at us shaking boxes. I love it. >> Uh, they have lots of >> They used to >> Oh, >> they used to have all of these and they don't anymore. They don't have Donald. They don't have Chip and Dale anymore. >> Like, they're gone. >> Oh, I thought that I thought since the picture was here, I thought they were blind boxes, but they were just like standard. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah. >> Yep. They used to do. But yeah, they've gotten rid of quite a few. They also have a hat that you can put them on. So, if you'd rather have a hat. >> I actually like that idea. I do too. >> Uhhuh. I agree. >> Look, they have stuff from dinosaurs still. Dinosaur. All right, guys. Let's head on across the way here into the next section and uh we can chat about Let's see. Who do we have next? David's Vacation Club Rentals. DVCrequest.com/tv. DVCrequest.com/tv. If you guys would like to uh book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, go check out dbcrequest.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. >> There's our favorite piglet. >> So cute. Hi, Michael. I love these with this kind of sweater type. >> I love it. It's so cute. Um, yeah, there's a lot of microwave and dishwasher safe mugs. There's some that aren't, but a lot of them are. Just look at the bottom. It'll usually say, >> "My goodness, it's hard to get around." >> I agree. >> Just, you know, a few that have maybe like gold trim, >> gold trim or a fancy front that can't be like sometimes. So, they do have the um Baymax ears here and they've got quite a few. I know. I've thought about these, too. I do like these. Lightweight. Mhm. >> Yeah, these are adorable. Those might be an add to cart. >> Yep. >> Darn it. >> A lot of add to cart. >> I know. Seriously. >> So full. Oh my word. Do you see this cute? >> Oh my. Those things like lady that take all your need. Yeah. >> I love this. So you get this. >> Mhm. And you get this and you put them on your um new emo or your labu. Love it. >> They're all set. We just need miniature um spirit jerseys which they used to have for your new emos. >> I have a couple. >> They did used to have the new emo outfits. >> Yeah. Not anymore. >> I wish they'll ever bring that back. >> I wish they would. >> The new emos and the outfits. >> I really wish they would. >> The outfits kind of go with all the other type of keychains where you get to attach to your bag. There they are again. So cute. >> Did one of the Disney outlets close? No, both of them are still open here. I don't know if one closed in a different location >> down like >> like Miami maybe. Okay. >> Between here and Miami, there was one that closed or is in the process. >> Closing. Gotcha. >> They're still open. Yep. >> All right, guys. Well, we thought about doing a little snack and chat. >> Should we do this? >> Oh, yeah. Um, let's see. Where was it? Or is it >> It was the cookie. >> Is it dinner time? And >> yes, overie. >> Yeah, let's go. It's over that way, I think, by the safari. >> Yes, you're right. >> Do you guys want to do a snack and chat with us? We haven't done one of those in a while. Um, there's a new cookie that we were wanting to try. And it was like almost like an everything cookie. It had >> It even had I think potato chips on it. >> Yes, it did. >> So, let's go check it out. the Miami one close. Okay, that's what I was thinking. >> It was Miami. Okay. For some reason, I didn't think it was down that far, but yeah, >> it might not be all the way in Miami, but like near there. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Let's do a snack and chat and uh show you this new item and just chat with you guys for a bit longer before we sign off for the night. Of course, Animal Kingdom isn't open super late, so I think it maybe closes at 7:00 tonight, though. So, it's open >> a little later than normal. Usually they're closed at five or six. >> Spring break crowds help keep it open. >> That does help. Yeah. >> Aren't the Disney stores supposed to come back to the malls? I've heard that actually. I hope they do. I miss the Disney stores. Do >> you think it's at the place where you get the treats? Like you know that little shop on this like the sweet shop, the cookie was across the way. >> Yes. >> Over by where you get the burgers and stuff. I was wondering if I could hold it. >> Oh, yeah. I don't know. Good question. >> Universal has a new magnet on May 1st. I saw that. And Disney's going to have a new magnet for passholders as well. >> Yes. >> When we stop, I'm going to take this off my poncho. >> And those magnets are going to be back at Epcot. >> Yeah. I mean, >> and looks like they're going to be Toy Story themed. So, I'm excited for that. >> Hi, Lynn. How are you? So guys, let's chat about um another awesome sponsor that we have. Let's see who do we have next after David's. We have um Dreamtable. dreamtable.co. If you guys um are wanting to get a hard to get reservation here at Walt Disney World, dreamtable.co will help you get that reservation. All you have to do is go there to dreamtable.co or um download it on the app. either way on the app store and uh put in the information that you need. You know, the reservation, the restaurant you're looking for, how many people, the day, the time, all those things. They'll notify you whenever the reservation becomes available. So, again, dreamtable.co. Go check them out, guys. And of course, they won't make the reservation for you. They'll just notify you and then you make that reservation. >> Nope. Okay. >> Not available. >> Okay. No worries. Okay. Thank you. >> Hopefully, it's still open. I didn't even think about that. Things close randomly at random times. >> Oh, that's a good point. >> So, if so, oh well. >> But we'll go try. >> They did have cookies also at that series, which is a cross. >> Yes, that's true. >> All right, let's go this way. >> Hey, Moansie. Disney needs to add more attractions, including nocturnal animals and stay open matching Epcot hours. Um, you know, they used to stay open late. Like whenever they opened Pandora, I feel like, you know, they were open a little bit later, which I loved. Oh, it looks like it's closed. W. >> Well, we could always look and see. >> Could have peanut butter. >> We could. We could. But >> I might wait >> if it's not something I really need to try. I'm gonna wait. >> I'm kind of >> trying. We're trying to watch or uh No, it's closed. Okay. But we can show you what it looks like. >> It looks delicious. >> So, does it have hours on here? >> No. >> Okay. >> What is this place called? >> That's probably why I couldn't mobile order, cuz it's already closed. >> Uh-huh. >> Order ahead. >> So, here's the cookie. It has topped with chocolate cream cookies, potato chips, M&amp;M's, milk chocolate candies, and dolce de leche. That looks so good, doesn't it? The best place to >> I don't really need anything. >> Yeah, me too. We'll just get dinner. >> Uh-huh. >> Uh, what is the best place to go for cupcakes? >> Well, I used to say sprinkles, but they're closed. >> So sad. So, that's a great question. I don't know the answer. I mean, Disney does have some good cupcakes. Yeah, a lot of the quick service restaurants have like egg cupcakes and sometimes they are delicious. Like at the Contemporary, it's called the Contempo Cafe. >> I will tell you the one Dale and I had the other day was amazing. When Dale came with me on the stream, I think it was Epcot Resorts. >> Oh, no, sorry. Skyliner. Skyliner. >> Yes. >> We went to it was either Pop Centry or Art. Now I can't remember. >> And got a Little Mermaid cupcake. And it was one of the best cupcakes I've had in a long time. >> That's another plus for those two, you know, less expensive resorts. They have some good food in the food courts. Treats and things like that. >> Yeah, I agree. It does kind of look like a kitchen sink one, doesn't it? That's funny. >> All right. Well, >> I know they've got to whip. It's always a good option. Toe whip. All right. Let's go to Pandora, the back entrance, since we're over this way. >> So pretty over there, >> actually. And before we do that, I might have you hold the stream. We'll pull over and I'm going to take this poncho off. >> It's a little warm >> now that we don't need it. >> Going to put on a blinker and pull over. >> Pull over. Yep. >> All right. You need to plug in, too. >> Thank you. Okay. Amara says, "The African coffee that I've likes. >> I want to try this coffee." >> I like how um Amara is like, you know, you're kind of like, you know, going to get us in trouble, Amara. That seemed That sounded pretty strong. >> Uhhuh. It sure did. Poncho's going to punch. Poncho. Climbing. Poncho. I kind of want to keep it just in case it pours again. >> Uh-huh. It looks like it's going to >> I can't decide. >> Shoot. I should have left it on. >> I would say Well, I mean, you know, at some point. >> Uhhuh. >> Definitely hang on to it. >> Dump it in my bag. >> Hello, Petra. >> My hair out of my >> It's I's fault, not Mr's fault. Nope. Nope. Not Amara's fault. >> Always Ivon's fault. >> Just kidding. It's not Ivon's fault. It's Kelly's fault. >> Okay. Yes. >> Always Kelly's fault. >> He told her to go get coffee and that's all she did. She didn't know. So funny. Too funny. All right, guys. Um, let's see. We're going to head this way. Such a pretty walk this way. Sometimes it can be packed because of the show, but other times when either they're in the show or the show's not playing anymore, it's just a nice >> I think it is. It's a nice little peaceful walk >> or the last show is in there. >> Yeah, >> but I think it might be. >> And Mara says, "I was just about to correct myself and say it was Kelly's fault." >> Oh, yeah. >> Um 4:00. Yeah. >> Oh, they're getting they're getting it ready for rain. So, yeah. >> Oh, they sure are. >> Hi. Good to know. Also check out Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified. These are two books on Amazon. Um you can get the ebook, the hardcover copy or there is an audio book for Disney Demystified. Um these are books by David Mpower and uh you can uh learn about how some of your favorite rides were created and just a lot of different different Disney knowledge. So go check them out behind the Ride Disney Demystified on Amazon. And >> as we're walking this way, I usually do this right at the end, but might as well pull up our platinum members while we're walking, walking and talking. >> Let's see. Who do we have? So we have Lovego Mini, Haley Noel Blanc, Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, My Crazy Grownup Life, Chuck Polly, The Amazing Jayla Moxley, Scandra Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Bismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our platinum members of the channel. all of our members of the channel as well as Patreon members and our moppers, hoppers, shoppers. Thanks, guys. Oh, the Disney outlet closes next week. Okay. Sawrass Mill. Okay, gotcha. Hi, Tracy. That's too bad. I'm I'm kind of surprised cuz usually the outlets do pretty good, but I guess it's pretty far away from Disney. And I understand why the ones here do really well because, you know, either locals are going or people that are visiting here on vacation. So yeah, guys, let's do a rapid fire bop. We have 647 likes,00 people in the chat. I bet we could get some more likes. So all you have to do close out of that chat, find the thumbs up, and bop it. But you can only bop it once cuz if you bop it twice, it takes it away. Are you guys ready? Are you set? The like button and subscribe if you're new. See if we can get some more before we get to Pandora. >> I don't know about you, but my legs hurt. >> I don't know why, but yeah, kind of. I think. Well, for me it's because I, you know, ran two miles yesterday, >> so they're a little sore. And then I walked around Universal >> and now we've been walking around Animal Kingdom. >> My shoes are getting old, too. I just ordered a new pair. >> Mhm. >> So, I'm ready for a new new shoes. And hopefully I'll get them broken before the race. >> I was just going to ask if you would wear them to the race. Are you going to wear your old ones? >> I'm going to see if I can get them broken in. I will wear them. But if not, I'll probably just wear these. We'll see. Welcome to Pandora, everybody. It's very loud in here today. >> Yes. Seems quiet. At least here. >> Yeah. Hi, Ann. I need to order a new pair of shoes. Mine are broken down because of work. Yeah, I get that 100%. Just ordered a pair and I ordered some that aren't white cuz Florida in the summer. >> Uhhuh. >> Rain. Rain. >> Yes. >> Wow. Pedals that can get dirt on your shoes. >> Yep. Two bops make the wrong Wait, three bops make a right. I like that. That was funny. >> Very good. >> We did get about 40 more. So that was good. Thanks, guys. If I can math right. >> Almost. Not quite. >> Hello, Tracy. >> It seems unusually quiet back here. >> Yeah. Maybe some people thought it was going to >> pour, >> start raining. >> Yeah. or people head back to the resort to, you know, wash up and get ready for dinner or go get get ready for fireworks somewhere. This is a nice park in the evening because it's never as busy. >> Hey, Emerald City. Hi, Star Foxy. You've made my Wednesday with an Animal Kingdom stream. A I'm so glad. That's awesome. We got Satuli, which has some yummy food. >> Yum. And the shop over here, they have a good drink over here, too. >> Non-alcoholic and alcoholic. So, either one. >> Okay. >> Art of Animation that had the cupcake. Okay. Thank you. >> Could not remember which one it was >> cuz we went to both. >> But yeah, I do recommend that cupcake if you've never had it. The Little Mermaid one. It was delicious. Hello, Kevin. >> Yeah, I know. When it does rain here, a lot of times people will leave. Sometimes though, people will just stick it out, >> put on their ponchos, put on their, you know, get their umbrellas out. And I get that. I It's what I would do. >> Especially if you're vacationing here. You don't want to waste your ticket. And >> Hi. How are you? Hey guys. >> Oh yeah, that's awesome. >> My dad watched you at dinner. >> A Do you want to say hi on the stream? No. Okay, no worries. >> Yeah. Oh, you want to? >> Okay, come over here for me. What's your name? >> Cameron. >> Nice to meet you, Cameron. Are you having fun? >> Yay. >> Oh, yay. That's awesome. A nice to meet you. Have fun. Thank you. Oh, he was so cute. So cute. Hi, Mary. >> No worries. Yes, it is DVC Sharon. >> Hello. >> Oh, we're getting wet from that. >> Yeah. >> Waterfall. >> Wind is blowing at this. >> Yes. >> All right, guys. Well, I think we're going to call it a day. We did start a little early. I'm getting hungry. Me, too. >> I think it's dinner time. So, why don't we get a good view over here? and we'll wrap it up. But we appreciate you guys being here. Thanks for watching. Um, we will be live on Friday for Friday Night Live. So, stay tuned where we're going to be at. And, uh, go back and watch the old streams if you missed them on Monday and Tuesday. Any of the vlogs you might have missed. And again, go over to Adventures of Jenna and Dale. subscribe and go watch um our newest video that Dale just put up from from Mia's and uh our latest cruise video as well. My little girls made an appearance on your channel in January and we love watching. Have a great day. A thank you, Katie. Tim says, "But I just got home." >> Sorry, Tim. Tim, go watch some more HHM videos on Adventures. Hello, Britney. All right, guys. We are going to sign off. Thanks, girly girl. Awesome, everybody. I think we're going to go grab some food or at least get some cover because it looks like it's about to pour. >> All right, and thanks to Sharon for hanging out Sunday. Thanks for the rain for mostly cooperating for us. And uh yeah, we'll see you guys Friday. All right, so for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
