---
video_id: GSHioK8p028
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live:  Friday Night Live at Epcot - 4-3-26 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-04-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSHioK8p028
---
I'm sure we're going to get more Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live tonight for Friday Night Live here at Epcot Flower and Garden Festival. Before we get too far into the video, I want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all of the social media. We're Resort TV1 on all the things. Welcome in, guys. Thank you for sharing out the stream. Hey, Anthony. Hey, Resort Budgeting. Alicia is here. Welcome in and happy Friday. Hi Karen and Mara. Catalina is here. Mega Byron. Cardboard box. Oo, that wind. That wind is windy here. Let's just uh let's take a stroll. Take a little stroll. Hi Sandy Pandy. Hi Tony. Hi Diana. Hi Michael. Jane. Candace and Amy. Sorry guys if I missed you. Hey Josa family. And uh sorry for the late posting of the stream. That was my fault. Um I made the thumbnail, did all the things, and then I was like last night I was like, I should set a reminder, remind myself to do the do the stream. Yeah, I didn't make the reminder, and I forgot to do the stream. Uh but luckily Josh was able to do it. So Josh for the save. I had the thumbnail all set though, so luckily he didn't have to do that. Windy under spaceship birth 20 minutes. >> Hi Brandy Brown. Spacial birth. For some reason in my head I wanted to call it living with the earth. It's the same as living with the land, right? Living with the earth. I don't know. Festival of flowers. Yeah. Did you see my announcement video? It's the Festival of Flowers. >> Hey, Mr. Master. I don't think we're lagging. No, I haven't seen any lag. I don't think so. Hi, Sky Chris. Yeah, it's not lagging. It's on your end, Mr. Master. So, just refresh. A good Italian sub at Disney. Oh, I don't know. I don't have a clue. I'm sorry. Jay Dog, how are you? Happy Friday night live and happy Easter to you as well. Hi Indiana. Hi Robert. Hi Annette. Josh is here. He just got here a little late so he is finishing up his dinner. He'll be out um shortly. So stay tuned. Hi Renee. Hi Alicia. Accidental shopping. Oh for sure there'll be intentional shopping. Hi John. Tim. It's 84. Holy moly, that's awesome. Um, Strike Force, there is Josh. I just said that. You got to listen. And sorry you're not excited for me. Hi, Maria's Adventures. Hi, Deborah. Hey, Rita. Guys, they got a new thing. Speaking of shopping, a new thing that is super duper cute. Little pricey in my opinion, but it's adorable. It reminds me of a Figment Bank that I had Josh and I both had when we were kids. Hi, Deborah. But this is a bubble machine. Oh, I guess you press this foot for the bubbles. Um, it is $44.99. The bubbles come out here and I think this lights up. How cute is this? Has a little strap so you can carry it around. >> I just think it's adorable. Yes, there will actually be a vlog for me this weekend. Um, I edited it yesterday and it's going to be out on Sunday morning. Um, and it's a Disney Springs vlog. What's new at Disney Springs? Always love doing those and I love that you guys enjoy them. So, yes, that will be out on Sunday morning. And then tomorrow, tomorrow over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale, we have our very last cruise vlog from um the Star of the Seas. So, if you guys have been enjoying those, and I hope you have, go over to Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Make sure you're subscribed um and check out all of our cruise vlogs. But this will be day seven, the very last day of our cruise. This thing seems a little crooked. This is Josh's gimbal, so I think I fixed it. Hello everybody. Daryl and Victoria, you need that for the Disney playroom for the kids. Oh, our grandkids. That's awesome, Gail. Love that. It's really cute. Really, really cute. Thanks, Anthony. It is a gorgeous night tonight. Loving it so much. Um, it did it sprinkled a little bit today, but not much. It's been like off and on sprinkling a lot. If you're coming next week, bring your rain gear. Looks like it's going to be a rainy week next week. Hey D magical moments. Karen is here. Lee and Robin. Welcome in. Bop the like button. Subscribe if you're new. Just kind of wandering around until Josh comes. Hi Matt. Hi Plymouth Rock. Got a band over there. Book my trip trip for October. Yay. Oh, thank you, Jay and Sarah. You're so sweet. I did not know the Shrek movies are on Disney Plus. That's That's interesting. The Fantasy Sports Bus. Hello. You'll be here in less than a week or two weeks. Oh, that would be awesome. Definitely say hello. Hopefully, we're in the same park at the same time. Hello from California. Here's Summer Lady. Hello. Hello. coming back in November. Awesome. So, yeah, they have La Kalier over there playing. I don't know if we're going to do the concert tonight. I'm not sure. Um, do you guys want to We always can if you guys are down for it. Epcot Park. Love strolling around all the little pathways. These are so pretty. I love hydrangeas. Ah, they're region based. Okay, good to know. Hey, Maria Hall. How are you today? Yes, I spotted it. Hello. Can I look? Okay, thank you. >> Oh my goodness, Winnie. I love this one of Eeyore and Piglet though. So cute. Hello. Oh, Jiminy Cricket. You don't see him very often. Still love this one. They've got some new uh Tangled ones. There's that one and this one. I love it. Oh, it's like all the princesses with her. Well, I guess she doesn't have her sidekick, but some of them have their sidekicks. Oh, I love the one with Pua. >> Hello. >> Hello, >> Stitchy Down here. Hey, Susan. >> Okay, goies. Joshua's pretty much done, so he should be coming any second. >> Hey, Paul. Concert. As long as we get to see the brother and sister duo dance. I don't know about that. But we can take you to the concert. Oh, I see him. >> Love the concerts. May this Good Friday bring you hope and healing. Thank you, Joe. You, too. Magical celebrations. Three weeks until our cruise. Oh, that's so exciting. A wild Josh appears. >> Yeah. >> Everybody was like, "Where's Josh? Where's Josh?" They were like I'm like, "Oh, I'm sorry." No, not everybody. >> He can't come to the phone. >> Yeah, he's he's not here. >> No, >> he's not here. All right. Where do you Where do you want to go? What do you want to do? stroll for a little bit. >> Sure. >> I haven't strolled on that side for a while. Let's go. Let's go say hi to the Stitch Topiary. >> Hi, Evan. What are our plans for Easter? Well, we're going to go to church and then probably mom and dad's for dinner. Usually what we do. Well, >> I do want to keep the new shirt at some point. >> Oh, they're amazing. Yep, you got to. They have so many new >> it and they raised the price. >> What? >> So, you know how the shirts were $29.99 unless you bought two and they were 25. >> Now they are $32.99 unless you buy two. They're $29.99. >> It's a lot of money for shirts. >> I know. >> Woo. Okay, that's >> shirts for $15. >> Uh-huh. I do. >> Even here. >> Even here. I know. Oh, I forgot Tomater and Lightning McQueen are over here. This is how often I go over here. Not very often. >> Yeah. It's just hard. They need like a Figment SL dark ride over here. It's easier to get on. >> So, actually, last time I did Tranquil Tuesday here, I I went and did Frozen, you know, instead of Luminous. >> Yeah, I remember you said that. >> And I promised everybody next time, you know, theoretically on Tranquil Tuesday, but whenever that I would do Guardians instead of Luminous. >> Oh, that's cool. >> We could theoretically do that tonight. We don't have >> I mean, I guess we could see what it looks like. >> It's probably going to be Yeah, >> it's Easter weekend, so I'm assuming. Let's go see Stitch. We'd have to go right at like 8:59 or something. >> Yeah. I mean, I am willing to go check it out if you want. >> Yeah. >> And then we >> we'd have to kind of we'd have to kind of decide ahead of time because if we decide not to do it, that would be really fun. >> Um, I got you. >> Um, yeah. So, >> $10 from Sapphire Sooner says, "Thank the Phoenicians. Did Josh watch the Super Mario Galaxy movie?" >> Uh, no. We're going tomorrow. >> Going tomorrow. Thanks, Sapphire Sooner. Oh my goodness, it's so windy. My ears are about to fly off my head. >> I did watch the moon. Hi, Sean. >> Um, the moon launch which apparently you guys couldn't see. >> No, I tried to show you. It's perfectly clear now. >> I know it. I tried to show it to them and there were so many people around and we were all bummed. So sad. >> Yeah, we were we were like >> running down a hill by that restaurant I was telling you about. >> Yeah. >> Cuz there's like a little lake over there. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Right behind that restaurant. And but then there's like a parking lot up here and a hill way way down and a very steep and so a guy had already went down there and he goes, "No, no, no. You can see it, but we couldn't see it. So, like we had to >> run down this hill and a lot of the people in our group had trouble getting back up the hill. >> Oh, no. >> There was no other path. It was just you had to go straight up. >> Wow. >> But it was important. >> It was worth it. >> Hi, Jose. >> I posted my pictures so everybody could see. >> Good for you. >> You guys didn't get to >> see it on stream. >> I was so bummed. Dale even saw it, too. >> He saw it? >> Yeah. >> I love this. This is gorgeous with the sky and the flowers. >> This is I mean, this is, you know, the view. Space Mountain and this is space. >> I know it. You ever want to know where to watch a rocket launch? >> And I knew I was in the right spot cuz you know you've done it over there before and there were million not millions, hundreds of people >> gathered waiting. >> I don't know. Um I don't know in the other parks. I've never done an animal and I've never done it at Hollywood. But I know it's east obviously, but same >> it's apparently just slightly south of east or something like >> south of east. >> I think that's what the guy was talking about. >> Okay. >> Happy Friday, Figment Vision. Love that guys. Keep mopping that like button. Looks like they're working on the little splash area over here. >> Yeah, I guess so. >> Did you see at uh Universal right now? If you're wanting to go see the Hogwarts castle, you're not going to see it. >> What? >> It's completely covered up right now. I'm assuming they're doing >> work on it. I don't know. But how how disappointing would that be if you went and it was like all covered up? >> Oh, yeah. It's like our castle whenever it's not >> which they don't do very often. >> No, they try really hard to like keep it >> Yeah. viewable. Even uh right right after co they had a crane up there for a while. >> They did. Yeah. You know, but that's better than no castle. >> Yeah, for sure. >> I saw a thing on on Instagram reels that was like your expectation, you know, the beautiful Hogwarts castle versus reality and it's literally wrapped. You can't see a thing of the castle. >> So funny. >> Crazy. >> Hi, Annette. Uh is Josh going to be live tomorrow? I believe so. >> Yeah, probably. I was going to do morning, but I think I'm going to do evening. >> Evening. >> We're just just trying to figure it all out. But yeah, that's the plan. >> Got a lot going. >> We'll see if uh see if I can >> I don't know. Maybe get on Buzz again if it's open. >> That would be awesome. >> Well, hey, Ticker Tail John. You want to go see the shirts now? >> Sure. >> All right. >> Are they in here? >> Uh-huh. Creation. >> They are very, very cool. >> I also have your stitch >> your stitchy skirt. Oh, perfect. Thank you. And thank you to the hoppers. Are they doing the pre-taping for the Easter parade tomorrow? Great question. We don't know. Um I've actually never seen that parade. Have you seen it? >> Uh >> cuz we we're always together on Easter. >> Yeah. No, I've never seen it. >> And now do they do it Saturday and Sunday or just Sunday? >> That I don't know. >> Yeah, I don't know either. I guess I should probably know, but I don't I can't really make it there early anyway. So, it's just going to kind of be like not going to make it either. >> Well, and it could be like at the same time as the Festival of Fantasy Parade. I have no idea. So, again, no clue. >> Yeah, it could just be in place of that. >> Could be in place of it. Could be >> on the front of it. I have no idea. >> For Sunday, it's definitely in place of it. >> In place of it. Okay. Pretty sure. >> Okay. Like I said, never seen it, so I don't really know. >> Yeah. I don't think they usually do like more than one parade a day. I just I didn't know if it was a long parade or just like a couple floats. >> That's what I didn't know. >> Oh, you're right. It maybe is more of a cavalcade. >> Yeah, >> I've actually not. >> Yeah. Hi, Patrick. >> Yes, the castle, the Hogwarts castle is covered, but you can still ride Forbidden Journey. This is true. Oo, my eye is twitching. >> Twitching eye. >> It's just like Haunted Mansion. It's been covered now for a while. >> True. So, it's it's not not that it's the icon of the park, but it is. >> But it is cool to see. >> Cool to see. So, but the ride is still open. >> Yes. I know. I saw a Tik Tok of that, too, and it was one of like nobody's going to know. They're not going to know cuz they have they actually have a picture of it on the outside at least. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> So funny. Nobody's going to know. >> All right. This is the one that is amazing. Well, they got a lot. So, they got Dreamfinder right here. Gosh. >> All right. >> They have this one, which I think is pretty cool, too. >> I actually Epcot forever. >> Mhm. >> It's very, very 80s. >> I know. I love it. It is. >> Liam had his Zach Moore shirt on today. >> Oh, I love that. Good job, Liam. >> So, there's that one. >> Okay. >> And then they've got the um there's this one. This >> one says Epcot Center. Wow. >> I know. They've got some really good ones right now. >> And then there's a yellow one and then an imagination one over there. >> Wow. >> Sorry, I'm going to need your help. >> This is the one I had to have because I remember meeting him in this costume. >> Yeah. And Figman. >> Mhm. >> Oh gosh. >> And then this one. I wonder why so much imagination. >> I have no idea. >> I like it. I'm just wondering like are they going to do something with it? >> I mean D23 is coming up, right? So maybe they're announcing. I don't know. >> Like like can we can we please have a Horizon's one? >> Yes, please. And then this one. This is the last one. Just Figment, but it's so cute. >> So out of all of these >> Oh, that's Oh, that's um Okay, so that's from the original Image Works. No way. The little laser figments that were on top of >> Okay, that's cool. >> No, sorry. Not from the Image Works. from the What about science? Science. Science in the ride. >> It was either that or in the image works, but there were definitely laser pigments dancing around like that. >> Okay, that's cool. >> I think it was in the ride actually. >> In the ride. Which one out of all of these is your favorite? >> Gosh, >> I know. Mine was >> all of them. >> Yeah, this is all of them. >> I mean, I've got to probably default to this cuz it does have space figment on it. >> I know. And Mickey. One, two, three, four, five, six new Epcot shirts. Isn't that insane? >> It's not fair. I mean, it's great, but it's also afraid of my wallet. >> My wallet. Exactly. >> My wallet hurts. >> Um, also love the new um the new Fourth of July shirt over here, too. Pretty cool. >> And Hudson Hornet. Hudson. Hudson Hornet. My I don't know why that's so hard for me to say. Uh, if you guys watch my vlog coming out on Sunday, you'll see I had a hard time saying it on the vlog, too. Oh, >> what? >> Okay. >> What? >> I was just looking to see if I could buy them. >> Oh, okay. >> That's all right. Okay. >> Okay. I got you. >> I'm going to check stuff so I don't come back later. I don't think they're going to run now. But these >> Well, check your size. >> Not that many. Yeah, I think I'm going to need that. >> Yep. I would grab if I were you. I saw a ton of people. >> All right, I will call her. >> Yeah, it's fine. I'll walk them around. >> Josh needs it. He needs it. Guys, they have some uh some new things over here as well. Hang on, I'm going to show you. Well, he's not new, but he's adorable. a new uh Baymax squishy mallows or however you say it. Hey, Princess Kristen. Happy Friday. They have some new um kiddo shirts over here. Very nice. One second. It's busy in here. Oh my goodness. I wish they had this in an adult size cuz mom would love this. Sweet, hungry, happy, silly, loving, dancing. That would probably fit her, actually. >> Yeah, it's been 21. >> I love it. I love the yellow. I love the red. It's very Winnie the Pooh. Hey, Orlando guy. How are you? I haven't seen you in a while. Hope you're doing well. Jenna, we have to be up for it on Blueberry Hill. Wait, what? I don't know what that means. I'm sorry. I'm not sure what that means. They got all of these guys, which I love so much. I love this bag, but they're literally I don't I wouldn't use it cuz I've got so many right now. So, I don't I don't need it. But it's adorable. Oh my goodness. Look at these new frames. These are so stinking cute. Oh my goodness. $34.99. Got Winnie, got bigger. We got to wait for the cups because I show some on my um Disney Springs vlog. So stay tuned for those. Again, that's coming out on Sunday. But um let's go see. They did have a new pair of ears last night because now we're not walking. >> I showed them again on the vlog. So definitely watch the vlog, guys. But how pretty are these? I know. Ain't it cool? Orlando guy. Hi, Linda and Dan. How are you? Tim says, "I'm only 10 hours away if I keep driving." All right, come on down, Tim. It's a great shop, isn't it, Tommy? We got a ton I mean a ton of stitchy ears. That's okay. There is So they have a meet and greet with um the Easter Bunny and Mrs. Easter Bunny and sometimes they do an Easter parade, but we're not sure of times or anything. But they do have some uh >> yeah Baymax from >> your keychains, which I absolutely love. Oh, and they're all out of the Haunted Mansion ones. Oh, that's a Woody one. >> All out of the Haunted Mansion ones. They had them earlier. What's this one? Oh, I've seen that one. They have the Honey ones over here either. Oh, they do. Yeah, they do. Okay, just kidding. They have them. They're right here. I love all of them. That's so cute. Phillip, the Easter parade is before the Festival of Fantasy. I thought so. Okay. And Amara, is it on just on Sunday or on Easter or is it on is it tomorrow as well? >> All right. When I walked in earlier, >> they had a Daisy and a Donald Daisy's sold out. And then they have these that we uh got the other day where you get your headband. They only used to have black and now they have the rainbow colored one. Reminds me of Sherbet. And then they've got these um create your own mystery box plush headbands and they're only $13.99 and all these you can add to your collection. All right. I don't know if Josh is ready. He's trying to buy some shirts over here. All right. I was talking. >> Normally, it is both days. Okay. That's what I thought, too, but I wasn't sure. Like I said, I've never seen it. >> All right. Let's just step outside and go enjoy some outside time. Hey, Beast Magic. I don't think they do egg hunts um at the resorts, but I don't know cuz I've not stayed at one during um Easter time, but I'm Yeah, I don't know. Let me know, guys. I don't think I've ever heard that they do. That'd be fun, though, right? Hi, Pam. Happy Friday. 1,900 people in the chat. 500 likes. Hi, Kit. How are you today? Welcome in. It's 626 everybody. It's stitchy time. Stitchy time. Stitchy time. All right. What are the wait times? Hello, Jeff. Good evening. How are you? Isn't it gorgeous out? So pretty. Um, so we have 5 minutes for the land. Everything else is a little long. >> We could go see some animals in the aquarium if you guys want. We could also go to Mexico and ride ride that one. A that's awesome. Arizona. It was great to meet you. Hope you're having a good day. Um, Epcot always closes at 9:00, unless it's Christmas time, I think, or New Year's Eve, of course. Hey, old Mr. Young Dude. Happy Good Friday. Do you want to see the aquarium? We could do that. >> Oh, swan and dolphin do an egg hunt. Okay. How fun is that? In Fort Wilderness, egg and spoon relay. Oh, fun. And a bunny hop. Oh my goodness. So cool. Hey, Mr. Te. It's 80 days in counting. Oh, let's just wait on Josh. He said he's going to have to find his size in one of those shirts at a different shop. So, we might be on a merch search. Merch search. I need a restroom break, too. >> Hey, Edwin. >> So, guys, if you're not already subscribed right here to Resort TV1, please hit that subscribe button. We would love to add you to the Resort Hopper family. Uh, no, I don't think we're going to hop to to Magic tonight. Nope. Sorry, not tonight. We're actually getting people saying we were going too much. Too funny. >> We just go to the parks that we feel like going to that day. The egg hunt is sold out. Is all gone. They did not get any more in. Hey, Pixie Dust Seniors. >> I know. Ride cardboard box. Is that a thing? I'm I'm the same. >> Hey, Marker Adventures. >> Katie. >> Okay. Liam wanted one, too. >> A Figment Dreamfinder. >> Oh, cool. >> Or sorry, not Finger Dream Finder, Figment uh Mickey. >> Awesome. >> Uh so I want to go on the other shop and see if they still have the Epcot forever one cuz they didn't have that in large. >> Okay. So, and then uh luckily with the discount the shirt ends up being uh $23. >> Yeah. So, for two I think with tax it was like 50. >> Yep. That's what it was >> or something like that. So, it's not horrible. >> Not as bad when you put the discount. >> Yeah. But if you don't have a discount shirts are going to be over 60 bucks. >> What's the cast member discount? Is it still 40? >> I think Well, it depends on what level you are. >> Oh, is Oh, is it my level? >> Um and it's also time of year, I believe. I know they get more at Christmas cuz cast member friends and family, >> but yeah, I don't know if it's always Yeah, good question. >> We still have cast member friends. We just don't like, you know, shop with them. >> Exactly. >> All right. >> So, yeah. >> So pretty. >> Cool. Yeah. We don't usually see like that, so I had to >> I know. I was freaking out the other to go my word. Josh's going to like that one and he's going to like that one. And that one I figured you did. It's >> just not going to I'll have to wait. Hopefully they stay around a little bit. >> I'm assuming, you know, that yellow one's going to go the quickest, I think. >> Yep. So, that's why I grabbed one. >> Yep. And the others will probably hang on for a while. >> Well, they usually have an Epcot shirt. >> Yes. But not in the space suits. >> Now, this one, this one, they don't have it anymore. >> No, it's sold out, too. Yeah, that's a good one. >> I had a cast member Spaceship Earth. Like, where did you get that? I was like, the connections here. >> Oh, I would I would have totally bought that. I was like, "Yeah, it was a while ago." >> Yep. It's gone. That's the thing with Disney. Sometimes they don't sell out and then other times gone. >> Sometimes they'll have it for like a year. >> Yeah. Or like a shirt I just bought like a I don't know a couple months ago. Now it's at the outlet. I'm like, "Dang it." Uh Shannon says, "Hi everyone. My schedule is changing at work a little bit. So this is my first true Friday in over four years cuz I normally work Saturdays." Oh my goodness, Shannon. Well, I'm glad you're able to join us. Orlando's guy says, "Wait, Josh was shopping." >> When I see a retro Epcot stuff, I'm all about it. >> That's why I told everybody early on, I'm like, "Well, I'm sure Josh's gonna want to shop because, you know, it's Epcot. >> Must be retro day." I was walking through the um the fine arts building. Um >> this one or this one? >> I don't know. You tell me. >> I forget which one they were in. Actually, >> might have been that one. >> Take a pick. >> I don't remember. I'm sorry. I slept in fine arts building and I saw one of my one of my students and she was kind of like laying down on a bench and she's like, "Oh, hi Mr. Nelson. Probably wondering what I'm doing." I said, "Well, it looks like you're laying on two benches at the same time." But, you know, like that was not really the point, though. She goes, "No, look what look what I'm playing." I was like, "What?" And she's playing a a Nintendo DS, like the old DS with the Pokemon game. >> Okay, that's funny. >> I was like, "Respect the retro." Yes. I was like, "I love that. Very retro." >> That's funny. >> I was like, "Was that your Cuz she's like a senior." I was like, "Was that yours?" Like, and she's like, "Yeah, it's mine." But since I was a kid, I was like, "Okay, that's even better." >> Kudos to you. You're doing it right. >> She's using the old school games. No phone. >> So, you just let her do it. >> Well, no, I'm just kidding. >> It was after school, so >> I'm totally kidding. I figured you would have. >> But I will say if somebody had brought a DS in the class, I probably would have let them do that, too, just cuz I was like, "Okay, that's so cool. I'm not going to even say anything." >> This might be it cuz this is very Epcotti. >> Epcotty official word. I love this shirt, too, by the way. >> Oh, yeah. Somebody Somebody um came up and met me wearing that the other day. >> It's very fun. >> Um >> Oh, and this Spirit jersey is new, too. >> Oh, here is So, there's the picnic area over there. >> Oh, yeah. It's probably over there then. >> Okay. They have this. >> Oh, but they don't have the other one. I saw it in here the other day. >> Shoot. >> Well, did you ask the cast member? No, >> but sometimes I can check in the back for you. >> Yeah, we'll come. We'll go back. >> Okay. >> Now, this one they have I have I have this one. >> Yes, I've seen you wear that one. Mhm. >> Mine's pretty faded now. >> Yeah. >> Wow. That's 100. They probably have shirts in the other. >> What is it >> on the other side? >> Yeah, >> it's like the Pandora jewelry. I mean, they might, but I'm pretty sure it was just over here. >> We can go look though. >> Okay. >> It's right across the street. We'll go back and maybe go restock it. They had a good selection of I'm not worried about it running out completely. They had a good selection of medium and extra large if I wanted to buy like slightly the wrong size. >> Bigger. Yeah. You probably want to go bigger than smaller. >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I do like all the countries. >> Me, too. >> All the Mickey countries. >> Yep. The Mickey ones. I'm really debating the World Showcase ears that look like the shirt. Maybe for science. Yeah, those are really cute. the new ones with all the Mickey's from the different um countries. Super fun. >> Yeah, that's the best shirts they've had in a very long time. >> Agreed. That's why whenever I came on Monday, I was like, "Love it. Love it. Love it. Love it." >> I mean, this the the Figment Dream the Figment uh and Mickey one is is great for the nostalgia of the space suits. >> Yep. >> But also that Epcot forever one again, it looks like it just came right out of the 80s. Like it's so >> it's like you know those little highlights pictures that you used to have >> with the weird like >> you know laser backgrounds and stuff. >> Yeah. >> I don't know. >> Super fun. >> Can you compare Easter crowds with Christmas crowds? I mean they usually say those are the two busiest weeks of the year. >> Wednesday was pretty crowded at Magic Kingdom. >> So was Wednesday. Yeah. Epcot doesn't seem as bad right now. Um, but >> yeah. No, >> also the some of the APs are blocked out right now if you're not the top AP. >> Yeah. Yeah. This is more like princesses and jewelry and ears. Oh, it's this one. Oh, I fell. Star Wars. Oh, as I knock it on the ground. Oh my goodness. >> All right. At >> first, I didn't know what Star Wars was. I was like 77. I know Star Wars is 77, but it said Walt Disney World. I was like, well, that would be 71. But yeah, okay, I get it. >> Star Wars 95. >> I know. This one's really fun. >> Yeah. >> Okay. Oo, nice air conditioning right there. >> Yeah. >> Well, where would you like to go? I saw Mexico was only 15. I do need a restroom break before we do that. I guess I can go right there. Yeah. All right. I'm going to hand you guys to Josh. Okay, sounds good. Um, yeah, I'll ask Josh about the show. >> If you break it, put on Tim's card. There you go. >> Those are very cool jerseys. They've got a lot of nice jerseys right now. Yeah, Britney, there's a lot of retro shirts right now. Rewind and when we were in Creations, you'll get to see it. Lots of cool shirts, but yeah, like the booth lines are not bad again. I think it's cuz a lot of locals are blocked out right now. >> Oh, for sure. All right, I'm going to head towards Mexico very slowly. All right, so hi everybody. Sorry, it was a little a little late. I had to take Liam all the way home because uh Steph was Oh, here. Let me put the ears on so it's not windy. Um or at least you don't hear the wind. I've got these little ear things that sit on the phone. They look like Mickey ears. That's act as wind screens. But anyway, I had to take Liam home uh cuz Steph wasn't feeling up to driving, which is fine. Usually she meets me. But then uh and then when I got to the house, uh Jenna called me and was like, "Hey, I forgot to post the stream." I was like, "Oh, okay." So, I I I ended up posting the stream from my house before I left, so that worked fine. So, if you're wondering why the stream wasn't posted, it's it's a >> Yeah, >> just like I did one time. I like we did the Animal Kingdom one time. I forgot. So, Jenna forgot this time. But, we're you get so used to like the schedule and the routine that you sometimes skip steps of it. So, I get that. All right. Uh let me see. When Josh supplies the ears to the streamer, all of a sudden all the wind in Florida stops. Isn't that great? Although sometimes, you know, people flying kites, they they like to have wind. So then they tell me not to uh put the ears on. >> They tell me these things. >> I've ever seen in my entire life. Oh wow, Max a quadruple header. Oh my goodness. Yeah, get some uh >> and get some rest and enjoy the stream. The people are always sad on Fridays. That's right. Yeah, we streamed in the church building, the state of church. Yep. I want to really want to we got back to Disney. We'll have to wait for the the new lance to open. Yeah, for sure. Oh, Chubby Checker is I was wondering who the concert was. Chubby Checker makes sense. That's cool. Wow. Maybe we should Maybe we should uh try and stop by. Oh, I like literally just missed the Montreal going by. Oh well, Jenna got it in the thumbnail. It's fine. Anyway, yeah, if you want to see the Epcot shirts, we showed them pretty in much in detail before this um not before, but during the um little connections shopping tour or creation shopping tour. So, welcome everybody. Really, really glad that um yeah, like I said earlier that I got to see the rocket launch. That was pretty awesome. Then there was another one Friday morning that was just a you know, kind of what we call a routine launcher around here when they they do the Falcon 9, which is a much much smaller rocket uh where they launch the Starlink satellites totally unmanned. still fun to see, don't get me wrong. But after seeing the uh space launch system, the SLS, it's a it's a definitely different. Although the the SLS went up a lot quicker, too. Like, you really had to be paying attention. And I had to watch it between clouds cuz we didn't have a clear day like we did last night or like we did tonight. All right. I'm going to show these uh let's show these shirts one more time for you guys. This is a really cool Roosevelt's one. So, and then let's see now. They have one for every country. A t-shirt and a sweatshirt, I think, for every country. Those are fun. Pictures of Earth from Arts, too. Yeah, I need to actually go download those cuz on the the live stream last night, it wasn't, you know, I watched during the lunar trans lunar uh injection um burn that they did last night. I watched that and um the you know the live stream was the quality and the the exposure weren't as good as what you hope but I guess they've already adjusted that for the moon. So either way um the pictures I'm sure are great. Oh, congrats Max on the wins. So this is fun. The original Imagination logo fuzzy figment shirt. My cousin's wife is a NASA's physicist and worked on the rocket project. How awesome. Yeah, the solid rocket boosters. Don't mess around. No, no. And you don't want to mess around with them either. They were talking about apparently if anything goes wrong, they have a uh the the actual capsule that they're in or that top part has a system that will will jettison them away from the vehicle. So if it looks like the boosters might explode, they just it just blasts them off. So here's Dreamfinder. >> Yeah, I watched it leave orbit, too. That was really cool. is a camera test. That's the one Liam and I got. Very, very cool. This is Se Figment and Mickey and their um their space suits, which is pretty uh appropriate for uh for that. Oh, sorry. Go ahead. This is really appropriate for that. Ain't that cool? Last day of school is in May. >> It's going to be May. >> Let's see. >> All right, let's go over here. Oh, I found it. I found the shirt. So, this is Okay, so they are here. So, I need to grab it now. Look at that. Like, that is so classic. Jenna's going to figure out I'm in here still. Super classic. So, I got to grab that like immediately. >> I missed it last time. That's the one I wanted. That is so 80s. I love it. So, here. See, I need a large. I got to make sure I get a good one. That looks good. Yep. That looks like a good one. I found it. >> We didn't look over here. >> Oh, we sure didn't. >> They got this one and and that one. >> I like both of them. >> This and that. >> This and that. >> Yep. And then these over here. These are These have been around though. >> Yeah. >> They kind of have certain shirts like this that are like staples. >> Uh-huh. >> Not like this. >> A while. >> Not the store, but you know. >> No. I haven't seen this. >> Oh, I'm glad you're feeling better. Um, >> Brother Bear. >> Oh, how fun. >> You don't see Brother Bear very often. And then I have this one too. America. >> Yes, I got that one. >> Yes, you did. >> The hoppers helped me find it. >> Fiesta. What's that say? Fiesta now. >> Fiesta. Oi. Today, I guess, right? >> Yep. Yep. >> Say that. >> O. You had it right the first time. >> I shout, you shout, we all shout for sauerkraut. >> All right, I'll hand it to you. I'm going to grab this last one. >> Got it. Oh, that was the last one. Wow. >> No, no, no, no, no. >> Oh, got you. >> My last shirt. >> I got you. I really want those on, too. >> I know. It's very, very retro. >> I'm actually going to grab it. >> M might as well. >> Can't have too many Epcot shirts. >> That is a fact. >> If you're Josh, >> it says Epcot soon. >> I know. >> I'm saying. >> So does the other one we bought, >> the yellow one. >> I want Epcot forever. The fireworks show to come. >> Me, too. Cuz it's not copyrighted and it's awesome. >> Yeah. And it's also like I well I have it on the it plays on my 24-hour ride stream. It plays at 9:00 on certain nights and if I turn it on I'm like I'm like uh just if it's on I'm like very nostalgic. >> So good. Right. >> So much. >> Oh, there's a journey and imagination one too over there. So you got them all in random spots. >> Yeah, I showed those. >> Okay. All right. Cool. >> I just didn't see these over here. >> Same. All right. I'm going to show some other stuff. Other stuff. Oh, yeah. These are the ears. I think Shannon was talking about super cool. Love these. Yes, he does. Yep, it is true. They do have a spirit jersey that goes with it as well. They do make you humble right now. Yeah, they add it all at Creations, but um they did not have it in Josh's size. So, I love that they have a lot of the spaceship or not spaceship world showcase merch in this shop. Now, normally you had to go to each country to get it. There are still some certain things you have to go to each country to get, but they do have some of it here. Now, this mug got a lot of keychains right now. Love it. Love it. Love it. Wrap it up. And then they've got all of the ears from not all of them, but a lot of the ears from the different countries. They don't have the newest France ears. I think you have to go into the country to get those. They even have them. These are neat though. >> Shopping with Josh. I know, right? This never happens. Never happens. >> Josh. >> Oh, in there. Okay. I do like this one, too. I know. I love all the plushy keychains. Me, too, Shannon. Hello, Amy. Happy Good Friday. Isn't it fun? >> Were you guys on my stream on Monday when I found a Duffy Press Penny? Shopping at Disney is very, very dangerous. Yes. And that's the most I spent in a theme park in my single bedroom. >> That's what they're all like, "What is happening to Josh right now?" >> Uh, you should take that back. Epic opening day. >> Did I buy a lot of stuff there? >> Well, we all bought shirts. >> That was last year, though. So, >> that's No, exactly. >> It's all good. >> We should go back on the year anniversary. >> Yeah. >> Oh, except for you all have school. >> That's true. So, >> um, >> yeah, Liam, I think Liam, mom and dad, and I are going to go at some point. >> Yeah, same. Hi. How are you? >> We're good. Where are you guys from? >> North Carolina. >> Okay, awesome. >> Very good. We watch like every weekend. >> Thank you. >> Big fans. >> You want to say hi on the stream or no? >> Sure. >> Yeah. >> Hey, we're the Bakers from North Carolina. >> Awesome. Thanks for watching. >> Yeah, it's beautiful out. You can't beat it. Of course. >> Oh, yeah. We haven't gotten around very much. I I I shopped more than she did just >> He's been shopping. It's crazy. I know. >> The old Epcot shirts. I'm like, I need all of them. >> But some of them, they only had like one of my size. I'm like, I'm going to totally grab it. >> I'm like, get it now. It'll be gone. >> Exactly. >> Oh, they're notorious for that. They're like, >> don't get it now. >> They'll put them out there and they're like, "Oh, I'm sorry. There's no more ever." >> And it's like, okay. >> Ever. Ever. >> Better grab it. >> Yeah. >> Awesome. Not even trying to do the thing. We're just going to stop and eat. >> Just that's fun at Epcot as well. >> Yeah. >> Awesome. You too. >> You good to see. Bye. >> All right. I'm going to pass it back to you if you don't mind. >> And my backpack's heavy. >> Well, same. I have shirts in mine, too. >> I love those shirts. >> All right. >> Um Oh, they were asking about the concert tonight. >> The Shelby checker. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. We'll see. Okay. >> I told them I don't know. Is it like really him? >> That's what they said. >> Okay, I guess we should probably go see that. >> I didn't know who he was, but >> you know who? Okay. >> Andy was telling me, Sharon, Andy, Andy, >> let's do the twist. >> Okay. Thank you. >> Come on, baby. >> It's got to be probably >> Let's do the Oh, and yeah. Well, we'll find Let's find out. >> Okay. He's going to be seeing me do the twist. That's amazing. I know. >> He's been here before. >> Has he? >> Little Richard, too. I've seen him here. >> Okay. >> How old is Chubby Checker? >> 84. >> Wow. And he's still performing. >> Yeah. >> Except for him. >> Well, the first show is already going on. >> Yep. Oh, it it happened at 5. >> That's what I mean. >> So, the second show is already going on cuz the second show starts at 6:45. >> Oh, does it? >> Yeah. Usually it's 5 6:45 and 8, I think. Or 5:15 or 5:30. I don't know. Something like that. I think it's 5:30, 6:45, and 8. >> So, our next one would be 8. >> Yeah. >> Oh, yeah. We found all the people. There weren't any in Future World, but >> they're always here. >> Yeah, >> they're here. Few people. >> Epcusters. Got to catch them all. That's right. >> The egg hunt was sold out at Monday's stream. What was that egg hunt? >> Yeah, it you know the egg hunt around World Showcase. Yeah. >> Oh, >> so we made up our own. >> Okay. >> I mean, we did. We just had to have MRI text me the map what it looked like so we know where to find each one. >> Okay. >> John says Ringo Star is 85. Yeah. >> Wow. >> Yeah. And uh and Paul McCartney is is 83 84 somewhere around there as well. >> I'm really surprised Paul and Ringo don't play together more. >> They have their own bands, I guess. >> Yeah. >> High scheduling. Yeah, >> I have an old school jazz quartet or I saw an old school jazz quartet a few years ago. The youngest member was 89. Wow. Now, you never know. Somebody was saying that one of their I believe a relative or somebody was a uh a physicist on the NASA project for the rocket. So, that's pretty cool. Yeah. So, Monday they're going to fly by the moon. So, we will get to see that. But we were watching last night when they were doing the uh trans lunar injection burn, which if you were if you've ever been on mission space and you have to push the button, remember to do like >> um >> they'll they they did a gravity assist swing shot around the moon and it like gets really fast for a minute. >> That's like actually a real thing >> really. >> They're not doing it on the moon. They did it around the Earth. >> Oh, interesting. >> So, they got within about 115 or 120 mi of Earth. They were like 40,000 miles. They got real close and then they did a rocket burn for like 5 minutes or something and that got them to where they needed to go to get out of the Earth's orbit for a little while. But then apparently I was reading if they had they went they went exactly 24,500 mph, which is crazy fast. But if they had gone 25,000, they would have risked having enough velocity to escape the moon too and go past it. >> Yeah, sure. So anyway, ain't that fun? >> That's >> and crazy. >> So yeah. Anyway, but yeah, if they if they had gone too fast, they would have risk passing the moon. >> You know, on mission space, uh, you know, they like >> Yeah. >> Do they do that with their own? >> Well, they haven't gone to Mars. This is just a >> Mars. >> It's only a five day trip to the moon or four days or something. >> Heist piano's here. Hey, how are you? What's about going to Mars? Isn't that right? >> Yeah. But not in real life yet. >> Right. >> But the idea is, you know, they they're thinking about building a base on the moon, maybe even taking off to there for Mars. What was the other thing they talked about? They're going eventually when they land, they're going to land in the South Pole because they think there's ice in some of the craters there because the sun never shines down those craters. And comets will land there and deposit ice. They might be able to use the ice for water to survive. I'm like, how fun. That's all cool. Britney has a cousin who's literally a rocket scientist. >> Taken this long >> to go to Mars >> to go back to different. >> So the reason is just money. >> It wasn't like we couldn't do it. >> But then like you know a lot of people would say well we did it in ' 69. How come we can't just do it? Problem is everything's changed. All the technology a lot of the the stuff that they use isn't even made anymore. And then they say okay how do we do the same thing with all modern parts? So yeah, it's doable, but it takes they're basically not starting from scratch, but they're starting from, you know, pretty far back. >> So I mean, obviously they're now they're pretty close. They're actually going to be there in a couple days. So So they'll get to see what Apollo 8 saw, which was the Earthrise picture. That was the famous um very famous Earthrise picture, which they will be able to do with much higher quality cameras now. Yeah, it's it's it's a test run for the rocket. Exactly. First time first time putting people in it. So, I'm glad it's been successful so far. >> Yeah, this one. Oh, that's super a sunrise or a moon rise and it's like that's an earth rise. >> That's an earth. >> I wonder if for a second I don't know if they talked about this or not but I wonder if for a second the astronauts when they saw that it's just very like concrete like we are really really far away. I wonder if they just had like a little bit of like a obviously they all made it back but I wonder if there was a little bit of a panic. Yeah. For a second. Oh, that's right. Yep. Water, ice, split. Yeah, I I heard that. Split atoms in hydrogen and oxygen rocket fuel. That's crazy cool. >> Yeah, they could also make rocket fuel rocket fuel out of the uh the ice that's on there. Oh. Still a little sore from my run. >> Wait till you do the real ones. >> Oh, I know. >> All right. Enjoy your safety. eggs inside the bottle. And if you have children, face is that cool. You can see it right on the water. It was in the It was in the hidden Mickey. >> Yeah. >> Used to chop people's heads off and let them roll down the stairs. >> Sacrificial offering. Welcome. I am I am And this is I don't know. Hold on. Where are you? Hold on. Where was it? Heat. Heat. Heat. Donald. Excuse me. We'll see you next. Goodbye. The show's about to start. No, you don't. Happy together. We sing with that means I can drink with the amigos. No matter where he goes and won't do he together, thanks for coming to the show. Get us on door. We have been waiting for you Mexico. >> See you again. >> Hey catch a terrific audience. See you next time. Goodbye. >> Hey, thanks for coming to Remember to stay seated until the boat reaches the door. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Welcome back. Please give me a ride. Yeah, boy. >> Yep. Oh, I see. >> First time we met. >> All right, guys. Street Fighter. There's a very interesting fact that he said that uh you know NASA's part of the budget was 71% and then on uh now it's it's 1969 and now in 2026 it's 03%. Like that's crazy. Obviously the technology is different. So that probably helps a little but also budget's a lot bigger. There's a lot more things. I don't know. Yeah, there that's very interesting. >> All right. Well, >> about an hour less than an hour. >> I don't mind seeing it. I Yeah, it's fine. I mean, >> I guess we can ask what? >> Yeah, it's it's a >> I'm good either way. >> Yeah, >> okay. Yeah. I don't know. >> Uh >> trying to think. >> I don't know that I This is crazy. >> Uh >> let's see. >> I don't know. What do we want to do? Do we want to do we want to go back and do the land or do we want to just keep going? >> If we do the land, we might not make it to the show. >> That's pretty true. Now, as far as the show goes, it's fine to do it. Um, it will, you know, it will 100% mean less people watch and it will mean we get copyrighted. So, that's a it's not a great incentive to do the show, but I guess it'd be good to see. >> Well, we're going to do luminous anyways. >> Yeah, >> you're going to get copyrighted for that. >> But, yeah, that's why it's so it's so funny to do shows because it's like you're going to lose people and you're going to get copyrighted. So, it's a it's a double whammy. I think >> one of my friends has former workers at NASA and there were many NASA and there many ups and downs in the past 50 years. Oh, for sure. >> Yeah. >> Yep. A lot of budget changes depending on what you know what the government wants to do. >> Just stroll and then go back to the front and ride some of those rides. >> That's fine. >> And not do the show. >> Um actually I don't know that I want to like go turn around and go all the way back down there right now. >> Yeah. Um, >> yeah. Let's just kind of see. I mean, let's just kind of see how how how it goes. I don't mind I don't mind stopping for a little while. >> Yeah. >> And I guess we'll kind of keep watch on the Guardians or do you think they're going to hike the >> I have no idea >> cuz Frozen actually did go down >> when I was doing that one. Yeah. chest track is 150. >> Wow. >> Holy moly. >> That's crazy. >> Resort buzzing says spaceship birth would be great. Yeah. No, I always love that one. It was pretty busy earlier, but it's um >> it's 25 right now. >> Yeah, but it's you'd have to walk a little ways to get there. >> It's all the way. >> All the way there. >> All right. So, all this stuff is open now. flavor. >> Although I mean >> they put grass in there too. >> Yeah, >> probably I would assume. >> What? >> Probably. I don't know. Yeah, it feels good. >> So that's the state church and yes, we have gone in there. >> Monday when we were here, the frozen ride all the way to China. >> Wow. >> Oh, sorry to hear that, JL. Ask a CM if you can stand on Spaceship Earth like they did in the commercial. You got no thanks. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. They're playing now. See how rainy it's going to be next week. >> See rainy. No, I didn't. >> It's going to be rainy like Monday through Thursday. >> Yeah. >> Chance of rain every day. >> I'll have to >> big >> have my umbrella. If you don't want the copyright, skip it. If someone really wants to see it, it'll probably be on YouTube. Yeah, it could be. >> You never know. Hey, Kathleen. >> Well, we probably would have to uh turn around and come back because we're going to get there way before 8. >> Hey, Ginger. We could do a whole loop and come back practice for our >> There you go. That's the way. That is the way. >> And we'll be running around this this direction. >> Oh, will we? >> Yep. >> Oh. >> So, wait, where do we go for this 10K? >> So, you start in Epcot for a lot. Okay. >> You go out and then onto the road for a little while. Then you come back in the back side of Epcot. Um, kind of where you are. you know, if you're working here or whatever. >> Okay. Back this way. >> Yes. Right behind you. >> Over here. Yeah. >> And you run back in right beside. >> Okay. >> Come inside. You go around um space gardeners. It goes through a little tunnel. Come all the way around. And then you go out, run around um Boardwalk, Beach Club, all the way around there, back in to the park. Then you go Yes. >> And then you end up back behind the land and figment. You come back in the front and then you end up back in the parking lot again. >> Okay. >> 10k. Right. >> That's interesting. >> We'll get there. So, some people are saying yes, some people are saying no. Yeah. So, we're just going to have to decide. Six or seven. She did the thing, guys. She did the thing. >> One way or the other, >> my cousin and I are at the UK listing at Can Performance. Nice. >> Yeah. They had to go to X's baseball game. All right. Enjoy. >> Enjoy. >> I need to get some new tennis shoes for the run. >> Yeah. >> You like your clothes? >> I do. >> Yeah, I would. I think I'm going to have to I'm going have to get some more. I don't know before the run or not, but Uh, hi Josh and Jenna. Thanks uh for the night from Bourne Family South New Jersey. Thank you >> for being here. >> All right, really light tonight. >> Yeah, >> I'm kind of shocked. >> They just like made it inappropriate. always. >> Always. >> Very nice. >> My favorite park at my favorite time of day. Nice. How's training going? Yeah, we were just talking about that. I ran 2.5 miles on Monday and then >> that bird almost hit me. Almost done. >> Gosh, I almost got hit again >> again. Yeah, I know. I was I almost got hit, too. right there. >> So, yeah, 2.5 miles uh on uh Monday and then last night I did 2.1 with Liam. >> Good job. >> So, we're we're going. And you did two you did two the other day, right? >> Two day and my only half today. >> So, my plan is uh sometime either this weekend or by Monday. My plan is to try for three. >> I'm going have to stop and use the restroom real quick here. >> Sounds good. I got you. I'll go say hi to the dwarfs. >> Okay. >> Hi, dwarfs. We got dad's dwarfs over here. >> Hello, Scott. >> You're welcome. >> Oh, let's see. That's Grandpa Dwarf. These are Dad's dwarfs, by the way. Grandpa Dorf. >> Did he just call him Grumpy? I forget. >> Snoozy. >> I forget all the names. Dad says >> they the animals do have it in for me. Did you guys watch the Wednesday stream at Magic Kingdom? >> If not, go back and check it out. A squirrel tried to attack us. >> I did. No, I got my um 5K for the marathon. Yes. Marathon weekend 5K. >> That's what I'm doing. It's the Pluto race. I was excited to get a Pluto medal. Here's Dupy. Dupy. Let's Let's How about How about Dopey? Trippy Snippy. There you go, Ginger. Hello, Ginger. How are you? It's Dupy. or his dad calls him O Opi1 Kenopi Opan Kenopi. Look at that. Isn't that gorgeous? Ah, that's funny. Corv box. Uh, you need a shirt with dad's version of the doors. Yeah, dad has one. One of our awesome resort hoppers made one for dad. You like dupy? Dupy and loopy. That duck was going to get me. He was going to get me. All right, guys. Just wait on Josh. We'll go kind of slow. Let's go check out the train. Don't feed the squirrels. I definitely do not feed the squirrels. I I've listened to, you know, the sign. I listen to the signs. How about I obey the signs? I Whatever you want to say. I don't feed the animals. I know you're not pissed. >> Scott says, "Hi, thank you for another great night at my favorite park." You're welcome. >> Oh my god. >> I love that they have the flower and garden signs in the middle of the town. Always a fun little detail that they do for fun. No, that's a it's a >> thumbs giant lizard. >> All right, >> you saw the sign. >> Success. Love it. Love it. >> A bird did swoop and get me. Yes. During um Oh, I was at Universal doing a vlog for um Adventures of Jenna and Dale. If you guys missed it, we went over to check out some of the new HHN merch and uh butterbeer treats and tons of new merch actually. Uh so if you missed it, go check it out over on Adventures of Jennandale. But yes, a pigeon decided to fly right into me and he got me. >> I was wondering I could have gone over there. They're playing the last song now. >> Oh well, there you go. >> Too late now. >> Too late. Okay, so speaking of the animals getting getting us, I have to show you this Josh because it is hilarious. All right, let me see if I can pull it up here. So on the stream on Wednesday, a squirrel tried to attack Sharon and I. It was so funny. All right, hang on, guys. I got to pull this up. And then Dale decided to put it in slow-mo because it was funny. But let me show you the original video first. >> Oh, no. That's That's the other one. >> You can get a drink. >> Oh, hang on, guys. This is hard to do with one hand. >> You can get a drink. >> Okay, hang on. It's got to go back. It's really short. >> You can get a drink. >> All right, let me do the slowmo. >> You can get a drink. Watch him. Here he comes. >> You see him dropping at us? >> Mhm. >> Oh my goodness. The best is the slow-mo. The sound I go, you can get a drink. It's funny. >> I think I watched that like so many times. I was cracking up. Hey, how are you? Good. >> Yeah. So, um, >> so funny. >> Yeah. It reminds me of Yeah. all the times I've got hit with ducks and different things. >> Uh-huh. >> Just a minute ago, I was walking to find you by the doors and that were like literally there was like a a duck, two ducks, two two mama ducks came landing and instead of landing, they kind of they kind of skidded. >> Oh no. >> They're like they came in so fast that they like skidded on the >> Oh my goodness. It was like wipe out. >> It was a It was a tough landing. >> It was a rough landing. One of them ended up the one that did that ended up on on her bottom. >> Oh no. Poor little dog. >> She got right back up. So I guess they do that sometimes. >> They're used to it. >> Too funny. Not a like like who's laying in this thing anyway. >> Who's got this? >> Yeah, Disney squirrels have no fear. You are so right. And Disney dogs. All the animals really. I got hit by a pigeon at Universal on uh last week. Literally, it ran into my legs. I screamed. Sharon said I screamed louder than in an HHN house. >> That's funny. Good evening, everybody. Canadian geese are really good at a fumbled landing in winter. Oh, it letting out of the show. We had a We had one that like hit our house window and like knocked themselves out. >> What? What? >> There was a um >> squirrel. >> A bird hit our house window when we were growing up. I remember. >> Oh, yeah. Funny. >> You're welcome. >> Happy Good Friday, Richard. Welcome in. Oh, I can't wait to go see uh plain white teas. They're coming up actually. >> Oh, are they? >> Yeah. >> You'll never forget Josh and the duck. Yeah, it was live on stream. >> It was. And you could see it really well, too. It was like this giant mass of like feathers. >> Yeah. >> Coming at me. And it came in like sideways. Like it was not It did not look like a duck because it was like a wad of duck. >> Yeah. A wad of duck. >> Yeah. >> And then it waddled after. >> Yeah. and I just got up and went. >> I don't know where we're going, but I'm just showing the pretties. Hi, Jennifer. Hey, Jose. How are you? >> Awesome. You got a trip coming up in November. That's so exciting. >> Uh, who is the singer tonight? Josh says it's uh Jimmy Checker. >> That's the one. >> I wouldn't mind seeing a song or two, I guess. Whatever. >> Whatever you want to do. >> The um All-American Rejects was really good last weekend. >> Oh yeah, you saw them. >> So good. Yeah. At Universal. >> Oh, right, right, right, right, right. >> Yeah, it was it was great. >> Okay. >> Took it took me back. We had pretty good uh I was going to say seats, but you don't have seats here. We had a good pretty good spot. >> I know it is getting very dark. It's just that time of night, I guess. >> Yeah. >> Um I can turn it down if that help. I don't know if that helps or not. >> So, you actually when it gets dark like this, you have to turn it up. >> Oh, >> yeah. >> That's why you had it on night. Okay. >> No, no, no. I'm sorry. I'm sorry if you meant down. Yeah, >> you go like uh zero or minus three. The ground will be brighter. >> That's what I was doing. Okay, perfect. >> It is gorgeous tonight. We cannot ask for better weather. >> Very nice. >> We got to enjoy it because we're about to get into the summertime. We're so excited. And use Mickeys. Oh, that's so cool, Jennifer. Yeah, guys, if you'd like to book a trip right here to Walt Disney World, go check out our awesome sponsors, mickeyras.com. Mickeys.com. They will help you book your trip. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself. They help you plan it for free. Let's go in Japan. I always like getting here with their expert advice. So again, whenever you're booking your trip, book it with mickeyras.com. Also, go to mickeyblog.com for all of the latest Disney news. >> We found that duck. Well, that's not a duck. That's an egg. I have duck on the brain. Duck. Duck. Goose. Got to see the koi pond. Uh, no. We did not get D23 tickets. No, >> one time we'll hopefully make it out there to D23. But who knows? At least Josh got to go to the one year. >> Yeah, >> last year. >> I didn't know this. It said what? >> Asian farmers prefer to breed the carp with the most unique colors for viewing purposes. The selective breeding resulted in the vibrant um variations of koi we see today. >> Oh, interesting. Okay. >> Wouldn't this be fun to have this in your backyard? Would be great. >> Be awesome. >> Where is that coming from then? Music. >> I don't know. Is >> that all the way from the UK? >> Wow. Oh, okay. >> Well, could go walk around the gardens or we can go in the shop. >> Either way, >> you tell me. >> I guess let's go walk around the gardens. It's nice and peaceful. Uh, Jenna, that is your backyard. That's true. I mean, when you live close to the magic and if you guys would like to live close to the magic, go check out our awesome sponsors, resort tv1homes.com, brokered by expy. Go over there, fill out the information form. We'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Resorttv1homes.com. Guys, go check us out. I guess it's like the walk is dripping down these and going onto that. >> This is so cool. Yeah, they used to have a tunnel up here. >> Well, they have another one over there. I can hear it. >> Oh, I see it. They're like playing xylophone. >> Oh, okay. How do you do that? >> Turn that wheel in the middle. That wheel turning thing you like. Yeah, definitely wonder inside the pavilions. They they are beautiful. >> All right, >> music theory lesson. >> Okay, >> this is a pentatonic scale. >> Pentatonic. >> You can see pentatonic five. You can see five notes over there and they're all a whole step apart. >> Wow. >> Uh that's more than five, but they're still in a pentatonic arrangement because they're still a whole step apart. >> So, is that why that band's called pentatonics? Cuz there's five of them. Yes. >> I did not know that. That's cool. >> But the pentatonic scale is like it's it is like a Japanese and Chinese style scale. They use in a lot of uh Eastern cultures. >> Nice. There's your lesson, guys. >> But the cool thing is because of that and they're all playing kind of similar notes. >> No matter when it plays, it kind of doesn't clash. >> Oh, good boy. >> And there was your music theory lesson. I loved it. That's awesome. Yeah. >> Do you want to say hello on the street? >> Yeah. What were your names? >> Oh, cool. Oh, sorry. >> What do you guys What are your names? >> Mark and Cheryl. >> Awesome. >> Hi, Angela. >> Cool. Nice to meet you guys. I know. That's so cute. I love your ears. Oh my god. >> Thank you. I got them a couple years ago here. So >> awesome. >> Thank you. >> Very nice. Well, I'm glad you guys got to come for spring break. >> Yeah. Like so hot last summer. It was like the heat was like what 113. >> Oh, it's awful. Yeah. This is perfect weather. Definitely. >> Cool. Well, nice to meet you. >> Thank you so much. We really appreciate your live stream. >> Of course. >> Okay. >> Okay. Awesome. >> Yeah. Enjoy your night. >> Yeah, it's very fun. Apparently, they call them scare deer. So, they they make like noises to scare like different types of animals that might want to come around and eat the uh the flowers and the plants. >> That noise. >> Well, not necessarily the bells, but the thunking noise. >> More like this one is more of like a traditional >> Okay. >> one. and they put it in there and it's it's fun for people to watch. But it also used to be where the water would go through there and every time it would plop down it would scare the animals away. >> Okay. Did not know that. That's really cool. How about that? >> The modern version of that is a uh propane cannon. Much less peaceful. >> Propane cannon. >> We had melons and a couple other things at the farm that the Purdue farm I used to work on in Indiana with with dad. Mhm. >> Um they had this cannon that would go off every 3 minutes or so and that would scare away like crows and other birds. >> Okay. Interesting. I did not know this. >> We had to make sure we didn't get too close to it cuz it hurt your ears. >> I'm sure it did. >> Probably made the birds deaf. >> Yeah, for sure. >> Poor thing. >> I don't think they ever got that close to it. >> Okay. >> Well, should we keep strolling or you want to go in the shop so we don't get too far away? >> It's totally up to you. >> I don't really mind. You're getting maple popcorn. I love maple popcorn. >> That's awesome. >> I'm fine. We can go like a couple times down and come back. >> Okay. >> Tonight at 9:00, >> we invite you to join us for Luminous, the Symphony of Us. >> Well, I don't even have to go in down. We can stand in the back for a song or two. >> Okay. Maybe that'll be our >> that'll be our compromise, I guess. >> Love that. And should we go towards the end? When do you think he's going to sing the song? Probably the last song. >> Yeah. Yeah. Okay. >> Maybe the last couple songs. They could have heard it a minute ago. >> I know. Darn it. Oh, well. >> So, just not going to the restroom. >> All good. >> You got to go. You got to go. >> That's right. >> I have not got my fruie yet. I got to get that sometime. Got to get the fruie. It's a staple >> at the I called it the festival of flowers in the announcement video. Festival. >> Yeah, it kind of is. >> Festival of the Flowers. Festival of the Arts. >> Festival of the Flowers. >> Sounds good, Jason. Sounds good. >> Got all your plants over here. You can buy all the things. >> Buy a little bar. >> I know. I love that. They're expensive and I'm not sure I'd be able to keep it alive. I'm not good with the plants. probably be way easier to keep it to get it home from uh from here than it would be from, you know, where you had to ship it somewhere. >> 100%. >> I guess they have to ship them to get here. There's probably a way. >> True. >> Do you remember back in the day when we would drive down and you had to stop and say if you had like plants and stuff? Do you remember that on your way out of Florida? Of course they don't do that. >> Mostly mostly for trucks. >> Ah, okay. >> They had agricultural inspection stations mostly for semis. >> Okay. I think it would have been way too much to would have been way too much uh effort to stop all the cars. >> All the cars. Yeah, for sure. >> What they're trying to do, and dad explained this to us a while ago, they're trying to prevent diseases from transferring. >> Makes sense. >> Uh between plants and then going across state lines and >> stateines. Yeah. >> That's the other reason why if you're on a cruise, they say you can't take anything um plant-wise or food wise >> back on the ship. >> Um off the ship. >> Oh, okay. because when you're coming into customs there because um they don't want anything that might have come from, you know, wherever that you went, your destination to come in here >> to come into the to the states >> cuz it, you know, that's happened before and it's cost millions of dollars in crop. >> Yeah. >> Be careful. >> Yep. This is true. >> It seems like a small thing, but when you talk about wiping out an entire field or several fields and it becomes fairly expensive. >> Very expensive. Yep. Dad understood that because of the farmer she worked with. >> That's true. >> Hello, Candy. Happy Easter, everybody. >> Thanks for 2700 people here. We really appreciate you guys joining us tonight. >> Oh, wow. Katie, I'm glad that uh your cousin gets to come down. cousin, boyfriend, sister. Glad that your cousin's boyfriend sister gets to come down. That's awesome. Are we going to do the twist? I mean, if they sing it, I'll do the twist. Not very well, but I'll try my best. >> I will probably not because my ankles are still sore from >> Oh, no. >> My um shins usually hurt the worst. Or my calves. >> Yeah, mine did. my shins and calf hurt while I was running, but then now it's just the ankles. >> Just the ankles. Gotcha. >> I wonder if you need like a ankle brace or something. >> I have some. >> Okay. >> But it's really what I really need is just to lose weight and then there wouldn't be as much weight on the ankles and then that would be >> Gotcha. But hopefully the race >> I mean it should for sure doing some exercising. That'll definitely help. >> Feel like when I did my 2 and 1 half miles it was 340 or 50 calories or something according to my Apple Watch. Yeah, it's a lot for sure. >> Running is a lot of exercise. >> Let's just go around in here and then we'll go back. >> Okay, sounds like a plan. >> Go all the way around. >> Okay. around here. >> This booth is always long. >> The France booth. They always have a long line. >> Yeah. >> Good stuff, though. I'm sure. I haven't tried it this year. >> Hey, Nicole. >> Uh Josh's going to go see the Mario movie tomorrow >> with Liam. So, I saw this is where they introduce Yoshi apparently cuz I saw a commercial >> for it and Toad or one of the Toads, I don't know if it was the Toad goes, "So, this dragon shows up and now he's just part of the crew." >> I was like, "Oh, cool." That's how Yoshi became >> pretty much he hatched from an egg. Mario got on him and that was the end of it. >> I love that >> happened in Super Mario World, which is funny because this movie is Super Mario Galaxy. So, it's interesting that this is like that that they did Yoshi in there because Yeah, >> I know they didn't have him before, but >> Do you want to walk back to the >> Yeah, sure. >> Remy, >> but it is interesting because that wasn't quite the way it worked. >> Okay. On the games. >> Miamoto, the guy who, you know, Shagar Miiamoto, who came up with Mario, >> had the idea from the very beginning for a dragon uh type character like Yoshi that Mario could ride, >> but the original Nintendo's hardware wasn't powerful enough to do that. >> Oh, wow. So, you know, just to have two >> two characters that, you know, one riding the other and that kind of thing, they just couldn't quite do that. >> Okay. >> So, >> interesting. >> So, I had to wait till the Super Nintendo. They were able to do it. >> Yoshi's my favorite. So, I'm glad he's part of the crew. >> But another one, I saw another commercial with Yoshi and he eats one of those chompy guys. What are those called? The chomp. They just called chomp. >> Chain chomps. >> Chain chomp. He ate it and then he turns around and smiles and he's got the chain chomp teeth. It was cute. >> Yeah, it's cute. >> I wonder if Yoshi talks. >> I don't know. It didn't show in the >> He doesn't talk at all in the games. >> Okay. Didn't show in the preview if he did. >> But I love me some Yoshi. >> The name of So, the name came from the animator. I mean, it was Miiamoto's idea, but the uh person who actually drew him into how he looks now. >> He originally had a very pointy snout. >> They said they wanted to look more cute, so they rounded his snout. >> He's definitely cute. >> So, then they um So then they uh >> so then his this guy's last name, you know, in Japan, you know, Yoshi or there's a couple names that start with Yoshi. >> Oh, okay. >> So apparently the animator like his last name was that or his nickname or whatever, but they couldn't come up with a name and they finally just stuck with Yoshi. >> Okay. >> Because that was like his last name or something. >> Well, it's cute. They they came up with a good one. >> I've heard people now like call their dogs Yoshi. >> Oh, yeah. >> I think that's so cute. >> Well, I'm not. >> Mhm. Exactly. Why not? >> I don't stroll back here very often. >> Nope. >> Actually have not ridden this ride in so long. I haven't been on the new one yet. >> You know, after they took the 3D away. >> Oh, I haven't either. >> Yeah. >> Looks like it's pretty long. >> The single. Well, the single's not bad. >> Yeah. >> Sometimes. For a while, it was like a walk up. >> Okay. >> But one time it was out here like this and I did the single twice in a row. >> Oh, wow. >> Cuz there was nobody in there. >> Wow. slightly weird sitting in a car with somebody else, but I mean that's like symbols anyway. So >> true. That one's a little squishier than like Rise of Resistance. >> It is. People always look at you funny when you sit with them. They told me to sit here. So >> I know. Love the music back here. >> I mean, I'm sure having the camera doesn't help, but yeah. >> No, not at all. >> I don't show the people usually. >> Right. >> Exactly. Oh, I saw a video of that day, you know, that it got really, really cold and this was frozen. >> Yes, I did save that as well. >> Crazy. Just thought of that. >> No, it's not 3D anymore. They took it away. Just regular D. >> I'm okay with that. >> Me, too. >> Be easier to stream now. >> Uh, exactly. Dino says, "We named our little uh Shih Tzu Bowser." A, that's cute. That's a cute name for a doggy. I wish they had more tables back here where you could enjoy the music and >> Yeah. >> And they have some out here, I guess. >> I'm actually surprised that Disney didn't campaign harder to get the rights to the Nintendo stuff. >> Agreed. >> I guess they probably just don't have room for like a whole new park or something. They just don't want to do >> They have Yeah, exactly. >> Cuz that would have been huge. >> It fits well at Epic. So, >> it fits well at Epic for sure. Well, and that was, you know, but and I was just thinking of Epic, too. like I love this area and it gives me like epic, you know, Harry Potter vibes >> and you're able to just chill and sit in there and enjoy where here >> hardly any tables and I would totally sit in here with a beverage and just enjoy the music. >> Oh, they really are. There's really a lack of seating here at Disney World. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> I think a lot of it is just there's not room. >> Yeah, it's true. >> Yeah. >> Oh, you too much from >> Oh, thank you. >> Hello. Can you say hi? How are you? >> Awesome. Hello. >> Britney. >> Britney. Very good. I love your shirt. That's so cute. >> Thank you. >> Awesome. Well, enjoy your vacation. >> Thank you. >> We're always on vacation. >> Nice to meet you. >> You too. Bye. >> Want to say hi. >> Hi. Oh, thank you so much. That's awesome. >> Where are you guys from? Washington state. >> Okay. Wow. Far away. That's so cool. >> Spring break. Oh, nice. >> Perfect. Do you guys go to Disneyland a lot, too? Being on the West Coast. Oh, that's awesome. Very cool. Closer. >> Definitely. Yeah. >> You, too. Enjoy your vacation. Bye, guys. >> All right. I'm going to pass this back to you, Josh, if you don't mind. >> Yep. >> Oh, no. That was a a squeaky toy over there. That was They thought you were laughing. >> Oh, no. >> Somebody had a Somebody had a little squeaky toy. >> Not me. I mean, I might have laughed a little bit, but >> guess there's tables here. To be fair, there are some tables here. >> Yeah, there are. >> Okay. So, I'm going to remember that and I'm going to come back here and have a seat and enjoy this music. >> Yeah. >> I just don't happen to come back here as much because I don't go to that ride. Yeah, >> there's other things back there. You can get crepes and ice cream. >> Yep. The milkshakes are great. Very, very small. >> It was like $15 and it was like the size of like a childized cup. >> I've never had those. >> You know what I mean? Like, so picture this. Picture the child drinks here at Disney or the water cups. That was about the size of the milkshakes for $15 or whatever it was. >> Yeah, it was. Did you put anything in it? >> Yeah, it was. It was >> ice cream. >> Uh, I think there was whipped cream and stuff, but it was it was gone very quickly. >> I bet. Yeah, if you want a bigger milkshake, >> I wouldn't have mind it if it was cheaper, but like, you know, it's like, oh, this is >> hydrangeous. >> I know. They're so >> This is um This is a reasonable portion and it's not as many calories. Great. But like, why are you charging me? >> Exactly. >> Twice as much as what I would have at Culver's for the large. >> Charge me half. >> Yeah. >> Twice the price of a a Starbucks. >> Yep. I had to I had to get a Starbucks the other day >> on purpose. >> What' you get? Oh. >> Um, I was picking up Liam and in that same plaza where he does his theater thing, there's a Starbucks. Well, you know the one. >> Yep. >> And so I had to um go to the bathroom and there's no other restrooms in that area except for Publix, which is really far away. >> So I was like, I went in there and I thought, well, literally Steph has gotten so much Starbucks. Like I feel like they could spot me a free restroom trip, right? >> And there's a code on I was just going to go in there and use it cuz I'm like literally we spent hundreds if not thousands of dollars at Starbucks. >> Should have had her app and been like, "Look, I'm a gold member." >> Yeah. Exactly. Well, so then so then uh it's got a so okay. So I got like a strawberry refresher. >> Oh, those are good. It's >> like Okay. $5 bathroom trip, but I enjoyed the drink, too. So, >> hey, those are great. >> Yeah. >> Little caffeine in there. >> But I told I texted Steph. I was like, I bought Starbucks on purpose. >> She was like, are you okay? >> Are you Yeah. Have you been kidnapped? >> What happened to Josh? >> Who took Josh? >> And I get it. They don't want people just hanging out in the bathrooms and stuff. But like for those of us who have supported our our loved ones Starbucks habit, I'm like I really feel like with the hundreds if not thousands of dollars that they could probably spot me a restroom trip. >> Oh well. >> But they didn't know that. >> They did not know. No, that's true. >> So >> the more you know. >> Yep. >> Wasn't the milkshake on Pulp Fiction $15? I don't remember, but that would be funny if it was. Oh, look. >> Yeah, that is >> not the rocket launch. A little lower. >> So cool. >> Oh, for sure. My son's birthday tomorrow and he's having his party at the Mario movie with all his friends. He wanted me to tell you. Oh, that's so cool. Happy birthday, Mr. Mopper Man or to to your son. And um enjoy the Mario Party. >> Mario movie party. Mario Party, >> man. This weather is amazing. >> Yeah, it's really good. I told I had to put the the ears on. I said, "Cuz it stops the wind." I was like, "Cuz when I put these on, it stops the wind in, you know, everywhere." And Carbo's like, "Yeah, that's right. When Josh put those on, it stops the wind in all of Florida." I said, "Yeah, people that people that fly kites get really mad at us." And he said, "Yeah, people are people are uh kite flyers are really sad on Fridays." >> Very sad. And every other day we stream >> somewhere more in front >> but it could be way worse. >> Yeah. >> When did the when did the annual passholder uh blackout take place? >> This whole week. >> Okay. So I just had to renew my pass >> painfully. was at the same price as >> Yeah, >> we we pay it all at once too if we save up for it. >> But I will say Disney does not charge interest on the monthly payments. That is actually a pretty cool move on their part. >> Universal. >> I don't know. I don't I always pay for those outright, too. >> I don't know if it's worth $5, but it's a pretty good milkshake. >> I know somebody in the chat was telling me a roundabout when they up the price because I always tend to renew mine when the price goes up. So, I'm gonna try to renew it early this year. >> I won't get the price hike. >> I know. Mine is mine is um mine is always April 1st. >> Mine's always November. >> So, I don't know when the price hikes are, but I think I think it's a long time away from mine. >> Maybe October or November. >> The way to think. Well, okay. So, the way to think about it is I got mine before the price hike in October and November. Yeah, >> that's what I'm doing. That's how I'm thinking about it. Yeah, I'm going to I think upcoming early this year. >> First of all, November and December are just expensive months cuz birthdays and Christmas and then you got to up your annual pass on >> I know. >> And it's Dale and I both at the same time. >> That's Yeah, it's a lot. >> Why doesn't the channel comp the passes? You mean like for Disney comp for the channel? Um I mean so they they give us passes sometimes like if there's events and stuff but no they don't they don't comp any annual passes at least for anybody we know. >> No that's a lot. >> So that yeah it is a lot. I mean I >> I'm paying for my own >> definitely you know wouldn't wouldn't be opposed to it but I don't think it's ever going to happen but no um and if you're asking why the channel doesn't well I mean technically it does. I mean we use the money we make on the channel to buy the passes both of us. So you know we're not a we're not a giant corporation with multiple employees. So, >> it's just us. >> Oh, yeah. So, >> sometimes Rick. >> Yeah. >> Not that he's an employee, but you know what I mean, >> right? Well, Steph and Dale help, too. Steph does the finances, and Dale sometimes helps on the stream. So, so they're >> And mom and dad, they're not employees, so sometimes they >> Well, it's $5 milkshake on Pulp Fiction. That's inflation. Yeah. >> Yes, you can renew it before your pass is done, but you have to renew it within is it 30 or 60 days? I think it's I think it's 60 days to keep the passholder renewal thing. >> Okay. >> But you can renew. I don't know. There's a rule about when you can renew it. It's a certain amount of time before. >> Mr. Old Mr. Young dude $9.99. Enjoy a snack. J&amp;J. Thank you. >> We do have Red Robins. They have $7 milkshakes. Okay. >> I just tanked the RTD1 stock. >> Oh no. >> I didn't know we had stock. >> I didn't either. >> Spike. Hello, Jill. >> Bonsai on this show. >> Yeah, the renewals are still a thing. It's $250 off. >> Oh, >> if you renew, it's $250 less plus the Florida resident rate. >> Yeah, even better. >> This one right here, just in case you're wondering, this one is 32.98. >> Okay. >> For the little guy. So, these are going to be probably double. >> Yes. >> Believe it was 60 days within 40. You're lucky they give you 30 days after it expires at Disneyland. Once expire, you're kicked off the team. Oh wow. Okay. Yeah, Disneyland's very strict. What? >> Little pot of horse. >> Oh my gosh. Is it Venus fly traps? >> That's so cute. >> I love that. >> Those are 1998. >> Yeah. >> We had one of those as a kid. Remember that? >> Yep. And I know we never saw it eat anything. >> Nope. We were waiting to. We're like, "Come on, eat a fly." >> You know what the best part is? >> Now, since they have all these, you know, like fancy cameras and stuff, you could totally just set it up like, you know, out on the patio where there are bugs and you could put a camera on it and just go for it. >> Good point. >> Hey, Robert. I've done six miles. I did a 10K. >> Okay, >> but it's been all day. >> All day. 10K. >> You got to do it in two hours. Whatever. >> The slide drops are from NC. Wait, they are? I didn't know where they were from. North Carolina. >> Yeah, I'm assuming. >> Did not know that. >> Did you just say D? >> That was new to me. >> Yeah. >> Today years old school. >> Today years old indeed. >> Smell that turkey. All right. >> This is nice. Not insane. >> Good. >> I like it. >> So, what do you think? You want to try Guardians or you want to go to Fire? >> I don't know. Let me look. >> I might go use that. >> Oh, that wasn't you who gave the super chat. Did I read it wrong? O E Eagle Scouter. I'm so sorry. I totally just saw OE Eagle Scout. Thank you so much, old Mr. Young Dude, for uh for letting me know that. And OE Eagle Scout, I'm so sorry. I can't read. You can't. That's a lesson for everybody. You can't just read the first letter of a name. OE Eagle Scout. I'm so sorry. Thank you so much. He says again, I'll read it again with the right name on it. Enjoy a snack. J and J. Thank you so much. >> Really appreciate that. OE Eagle Scouter. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's 105. >> Okay, let's forget about that. >> All right, I'm going to go use the bathroom in here. >> Okay, wherever. >> Sounds good. >> So, very sorry about that. OE Eagle Scout. >> I almost I want to see the concert, but I almost hate to do it, Jenna, because we only we almost have like 3,000 people watching. That is going to drop dramatically when we get in the concert, but it's it's fine. No, come back. >> Yeah, that's fine. >> All right, I'm going to go back. >> Okay. >> Sorry about that. He says, "Lol." Okay, good. You're not mad at me. Sorry I can't read. Reading is hard, y'all. Oh, there's plenty of room. All right. Nobody's out the battle. Dis selected what? At random. Oh. >> So, Chubby Checker is performing. So, we're going to go see his last couple songs, I think. In the meantime, we're just going to enjoy a strolling World Showcase. There's Josh Lesma. Thank you. Actually, the the ABA concert was very fun. >> Oh, I missed that one. >> Excuse me. Yeah. Do you mind taking a photo of me and my girlfriend? >> Yeah, I got you. >> Thank you. >> You want it uh vertical or horizontal? >> Vertical. All right. Thank you. >> Cool. Okay. Let me see. There we go. >> It's kind of blurry. You might want to check the lens. Happens to mine, too. I didn't want you to end up with a blurry picture. >> Thank you. I appreciate that. >> That is better. Okay, here we go. >> Got you. >> Thank you so much. >> You're welcome. >> Have a good one. >> You, too. I'm Michaela Hood. $5. I was in the hospital last night. My heart rate went fast. Oh, no. Michaela, I'm so sorry. I hope you're okay. That's always scary for sure. You don't want to You definitely don't want to mess around with that kind of stuff. You want to you did the right thing by going to the hospital because you want to get that checked out and hopefully it's not nothing but you know always good with the heart to be safe. Do they want to be on the stream too? I don't think so. I hope you feel better. That's that's that's scary for sure. There's old Mr. Young Dude. Uh old Mr. Young Dude. $10 enjoy a snack. J&amp;J lol. Thanks old Mr. Young Dude. I got it right that time. I read the right name. I can read and everything. Let's go say hi to Princess Tiana. It's a very very good um topiary. >> Very detailed. >> Nice. >> All right. Let's see. What should we do? We're just going to continue down the way once Jenna finishes her restroom break. and then we'll we'll head on down the road. I think I just said the same thing twice in a row, but it's fine. >> Is that that pure energy thing? Is that what Hold on. I got to see what the song is. If you look at the schedule, >> Yeah, it is. >> What is that? What is that band? How can our love grow? I want to know. I love that song. Good stuff. By the way, okay, I finally upgraded my phone to iOS whatever the new one is. 26, I think, for the year. finally upgraded my phone to this and it has this and you probably already probably know this. It has this AI playlist thing where if you just tell it what kind of playlist you want, it makes it and it did a really good job making an 80s show playlist for me that I've been listening to in my car. I love that so much. I want to know. >> Yeah, Robert, old school indeed. Uh, Destroxy, $20. Uh, longtime lurker celebrating my birthday. Wanted to share the love. Wife surprised me with a trip down there next weekend for the festival and to build a lightsaber. Thank you for all you and Jenna do. And I'm going to reread your name, Destro XXI. Destro. Is that like the GI Joe Destro? Cuz if so, you're my new hero. I hadn't thought that name in a long time. I never had a Destro. There were a couple the GI Joe figures that I never had, and that was one. Never had a Destro. At least not an original one. Well, thank you so much. INXS or I think it's INXS. There's only one Destro. That's true. And Baroness. That was his sidekick. Oh, Information Society. You're right. My phone is updating to 25.5 beta. Oh, you mean 20. You probably mean 26.5. Yeah, that's cool. I'm not on the betas. This is my gamertag, Destro 21. Oh my gosh, I love that so much. You're my new hero. >> I was like, there he is. >> He found me. >> I told him the new iOS I finally upgraded and it has a little Apple Music has AI feature. You just tell it what kind of playlist you want to make and it does it. I said I wanted 80s chill playlist and it did it >> and it did quite a good job with it. >> Yeah, it was fun. So, there's plenty of room. >> So, we'll we'll come back. >> My GI Joe had like had lifelike hair and kung fu grip. Wow. So, one somebody in in here came in with the tag destro which was a G.I. Joe character. I was like, "Wait, is that based on Cuz at first I said DR Droxy." I was like, "Wait, let me try that again." Cuz you know, it combines it all into one thing. And I was like, "Is that Destro?" I was like, "Wow, that's cool." He was almost like uh he was a character with a um a metal face, kind of like a Darth Vader type thing. Let me see if I can >> I remember him actually. Oh my word. Oh my word. That duck for a second when it was coming in it looked like a shark fin. I was like, >> it's Jaws. >> Um, I'm trying to find Okay, >> I remember him. >> Yeah, but that's not what >> this guy. This is This is Destro. >> I remember him and he used to watch it. >> Is there a new version of it out now? Probably. >> Probably. >> I was I was looking at like other versions and I was like like this. That's not Destro. >> Nope. I don't know who that is. >> That's probably from one of the shows or something. I'm like, "No, I want the cartoon. >> I want the the original. >> I don't like reality." All right. Anyway, uh Maria's Adventures $4.99. Thank you for the stream tonight. Great way to end a crazy or a busy and crazy work week. Thank you, Maria's Adventures. I appreciate it. So, apparently, oh, you heard me say that I read the super chat wrong and then old Mr. Young Dude did send one. >> So, very nice. Here, >> I'll hand it to you for a second. I got to check something. Somebody wanted um I saw in the announcement video wanted to go see uh Lady in the So, let's go show them. >> Okay, let's do it. >> No, exactly. Spectro Magic was definitely different. Yeah. Oh man, I missed that parade so much. All right, Lady and are right over here. Looks like they've got a photo pass, so it might be a little difficult to see them, but we'll just go off to the side. So fun. Mom, look at that. >> Got to love the doggies. have to have a park reservation to get a reservation at Beacon Barrel. But if you need one to get the park, oh, there goes the stroller. If you need to get one that goes into the park, um, then yes, then you depends on the time of day, I guess, and what kind of ticket you have. >> But if you want to just get one on the app, you don't have to have a reservation to actually reserve um a time. >> Does that make sense? How pretty. >> Thanks for a thousand likes, everybody. If you guys were watching the Monday stream, you'll remember where the egg was. It's right over here. >> Yep. Starting. Hey, how are you? >> Doing well. How are you? >> We're Joe. >> Oh, awesome. >> Good to see you again. >> Good. Yeah, very nice. >> Yep. >> Beautiful evening. Hello. >> We're staying at home. >> Perfect. Easy. >> I love it. Did you want to say hi? You're kind of on the stream anyway. You want to >> Hello. >> Every time you're on text, >> I love it. That's so good. I love your tiara. >> I made it. >> You did? I love that. >> Magic Kingdom. >> Do you want me to Can I show it on the stream? >> Is that all right? Yeah. It's beautiful. I love it. >> And she made it. Oh, that's so cool. I love that. That's awesome. >> I love your Nomad shirt. That's super cool. >> I love that lounge. >> I'm usually matching with a heart, but you know, >> when you hop, it's fine. >> When you hop, it's like >> we didn't know we were coming yesterday. Would have had a spare. >> Oh, there you go. I love that. >> Awesome. Well, enjoy, guys. >> Yeah, you too. Have a good night. Bye, guys. >> Byebye. See you guys. >> Hi. Hi. >> How are you? >> Good. >> What's your name? >> My name is Marissa. >> Nice to meet you. Would you like to say hi on the stream? >> Yeah, she will. >> Okay. >> Hi, everyone. >> Where are you from? >> I'm from New Jersey. >> Awesome. Having a good day? >> Yeah. >> Best day ever. >> I mean, it's on the Come on, Jenna. >> Take your picture. >> You want to pick? Yeah, let's do it. >> All right. Oh no. >> Is it okay? You want to do another one? Yeah. >> Here. I can move over a little bit. Is that better? >> Yeah. The light made your face. >> Oh yeah, it does that. The light >> my face already looks fine. >> That's awesome. Thanks for watching. >> Well, thank you for coming to say hello. You too. Bye >> bye. Do you want to I want to show them where the egg is over here real quick. >> So, it's right over here. >> Right here. You guys weren't watching the earlier stream on Monday. >> I guess this is from a short, a Pixar short. I didn't know who it was. >> Oh, >> yeah. We love meeting all the hoppers. So fun. >> Oh, there goes the firework cast members, firework crew, whatever you want to say, getting all set up. >> All right. It was a short short, buddy. Very short. >> A short short. >> Do you want to start heading back that way or you want to keep going this way? >> Um, let's go back just a little bit and then we'll come back. >> Sounds good. We could go. >> I'm not sure. Doesn't sound like it. You like Josh's shirt? Yeah, it's a cool one. Apparently, you can't get it anymore. Sold out. >> Nope. That's not it. >> I didn't think so. >> But we might not want to get too far in case he does play it. Yeah, me too, Jeff. Me, too. Let's see. Guys, if you would like to book a stay at a Disney Deluxe Villa for a fraction of the cost, go check out our awesome sponsors, um, David's Vacation Club rentals at dbcrequest.com/kv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David. Again, dvcre request.com/tv. >> Man, they are jamming over there. >> I agree. Do not do. >> It's not our dino. Just kidding. Or his little spike dubby being a dorbs. Yeah, it probably will be the end, >> I would assume, but you never know. >> Oh, I know this one. Uh, Chubby Checker is playing. Hi, Kevin. He is 84 years old. >> There he is. >> Yeah, you can see him. >> I know. I remember this song actually. All right, Josh. What's the plan, Stan? >> What? >> What's the plan, Stan? >> I don't know. >> Okay. Love it. >> Uh, this is the great stand around stream. >> Okay. I like that plan. I'm doing the twist and it's not even playing yet. I mean, we can keep walking that way if you want. >> Which way? >> We just might miss I don't I bet he'll play it last. >> I think so, too. That's why I said let's keep walking a little bit. >> And then we pivoted when we thought it was the twist. And it was >> That's what That's what happened. >> That's exactly. >> And now you're all caught up. >> And now you're caught up. >> He does look very good for 84. Yes. We are not going >> 100%. >> He sounds good, too. Yeah, I agree. >> Hi, Edwin. I got I once got pulled up on stage to dance with Chubby Checker for the twist. No way. That's super cool. You can do the twist to most of his songs. I mean, that's probably why I was doing it. Yeah, exactly. >> Hi, Santana family. >> Ah, me too. I love the lights here at Epcot. It's just gorgeous. >> Anthony, that's funny. But um >> yeah, >> I know. Me too, Miss Disney fan. I only know a couple as well. I actually didn't even know that's who was singing. I didn't know he sung the twist until Josh told me. >> So there you go. Wow, look at this. For a Friday night, >> there's space. >> It cleared out quite a bit. >> Yeah, it did. >> They're not in the concert either. >> No. >> I was trying to think. Um I know we didn't get to do a lot of like rides or anything tonight, but we're kind of far away from the rides. >> Okay. I think people are enjoying the >> the strolling. >> Um the talking and the strolling. I think I just got something in my shoe. Sorry. Hang on. After delivery, I had a sock from the laundry hanging out my shirt in the back. I didn't know it, but I felt something. I pulled it out and yelled 2319. Yes, I love that. >> I got a 2319. >> One of my favorite parts of that Monsters Inc. ride, which I know is going away at Disneyland. They have all those those yellow, you know, like child protection services or whatever. Child detection agent. No, sorry, not child protection. Child detection. They're not trying to protect the children. They're trying to stay away from them. >> Yeah, they don't want that. >> But either way, um he was he has this whole thing where he's talking to the news report. He's like, "That's right. We spread out and locked it down. We had a 23 we had an active 2319. We used our protocol and we followed it and we we had a 009iner and it was like just a whole like it's the dialogue is hilarious. >> I love Pixar >> because you can hear them when you go through there. It's like spread out and lock it down and they're like we spread out and locked it down. >> I like that movie. It's so good. >> Very cool. >> So good. So good. >> So good. Here. Let me take a picture actually real quick too for thumbnail size. >> Cool. So, we did have a super chat. Let me grab it real quick. Uh Jennifer Price, $5. My daughter and I are enjoying Epcot with you. Thank you as always. Thanks, Jennifer Price and your daughter. >> Jennifer. >> Dwarfs. Duck. Dwarves. >> It's a hard word to say. >> I called Dopey Dupy earlier. >> Dupy. >> That's a new one. >> That's right. They can The children can pick their monsters up with their mind powers and shake them like a dog. All right, my turn. Here we go. Ready? Ready? Happy. Grumpy. >> Um, let's see. >> That's not happy. >> Sorry. Doc, because it should start with happy. Doc, grumpy. Happy. Sleepy. Bashful and sneezy >> and dopey. >> Yep. Not dupy. >> No. >> Or as dad likes to say, Opi1. >> Obi-Wan Kenopi. >> I think my favorite still is Dumpy. >> Dumpy. >> Dumpy and Lumpy. >> Oh, Dumpy. Dumpy's are trolls. >> Yeah, Dumpy. Do we have a Lumpy? >> Dumpy. Lumpy. >> Lumpy the troll. >> I saw I said hi to Dumpy the other day when we were in the spaceship earth round. Shouldn't it be flat? We were talking about that the other day that there were people who didn't believe the moon thing was real. And then I Steph's cousin who we had on the stream, Jenny has run a race in all seven continents, including Antarctica. I said, "Yeah, David, you should have seen she had to have special like sticky gravity shoes to stick to the bottom." >> So she didn't fall. >> Yeah. Well, because she's on the bottom, so you got to not fall. >> Yeah. No. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> 100%. Well, it actually is hard for people to get though that there's no up or down in space. >> A lot of people don't. Up or down is >> like for us up is towards space. >> Yep. >> And down is towards the core. >> Yep. >> And that's true everywhere. >> Yep. >> So on and in Antarctica up is down literally. Literally up is down. >> That's weird. >> Yep. >> So weird. >> Or sideways cuz we're kind of sideways here, aren't we? >> I don't know. >> I don't know. >> You're really >> technically north. Well, think about the the Earth. Technically, North Pole is on the top, right? So, there you go. Yeah. Anyway, speaking of it, here we go. Right. Let me turn this down so we don't get lagged. >> Oh, >> it should do that. >> I wish it was. That would have been cool, >> but it wasn't. >> There you go, David. Round >> $9,000. >> $1 million. Sorry. Austin Powers. I have a penny. I'm just kidding. >> Sideways is in a tilt stream. Yeah, >> it's a sparkly penny. Will it work? >> Apparently, you can see the capsule with a regular telescope. Oh, wow. It'd be hard. You'd have to you Well, you definitely could have seen it when it was they were doing the translator injection. They were only 115 miles up. You can also see the space station, but it goes so fast it's really hard. Okay. >> Long as we don't laggy lag. >> 1 million. I know. Only 1 million. Inflation. >> Dark chocolate filled with brandy. >> Hob behave. That's an Austin Powers quote. We're talking about that the other night at dinner with friends looking at all of our kids and you think the oldest are Liam and his friend which are they're both they're nine and and his friend is 10 and it's like it's like yeah they've got a few years before they can see that Austin Powers. They're not quite not quite ready for that. >> And the his friend's dad was like you you can you can see it you can see it when you're 18. >> Agreed. Just wait. >> Yeah. >> They were like why? I was like because of the reasons. >> Yep. >> You'll you'll figure it out when you're 18. That's why >> is that that's a friend quote too, right? Why why can't she do that? Why can't she? Because of the reason. And Joey said that at one point because of when when Monica and Chandler were dating and they couldn't tell anybody. And it's like, oh, it was like, why can't why can't Chandler go date somebody or something? And Joey or somebody's like, well, because of the reason >> reason. >> The reason is you. >> Yeah, that that one too. But but that episode's one of the best ones in the whole thing. They don't know. They know. We know. They know. You know, and then that one is a Yeah. >> Well, they can't. Why not? Because of the reason. >> Prince is literally one of the best shows we've ever ever ever ever. >> Yeah. Well, Mr. Gun dot totally inappropriate. Yes. Makes me laugh, too. >> It's okay to laugh at stuff. We're all grown, right? I mean, not all, but you know what I mean. No. Okay. Would this be a good spot to play with? >> Uh, no. tree. Yeah, >> tree needs trimming. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> It's also nice for shade though. >> Yeah, true. >> Shade is cool. >> You don't really need shade over there, but then it might fall this way. >> You don't want lopsided trees. >> No, >> that'd be poor. >> And this is tree trimming. >> Let's talk about trees. >> My name is Austin, but never seen Austin Powers. Just only ever heard of it. Yeah. Or like we um like on Big Bang Theory, >> fun with flags with children. >> Yes. >> Fun with trees. >> Fun with trees. >> When we ask our parents why, they just say because and that was the end of that. Yeah. >> Oh, we got some of those. Because just because. And Josh was the one that used to try to push it. But why? Why, mom? >> I Well, I've been blessed with a child who does that. does the same. >> Uhhuh. >> Just because >> he's very smart, my son. >> There was something the other day that we had to talk about and uh Oh, I remember what it was and I'm not going to tell I'm not going to. But anyway, the point is I had to explain this to him this question. He asked about a certain word >> and I had to explain it without going into too much detail and I felt like I did it really well. >> Yeah. Hang on. But I had to think about it for a minute how to do that without going too far. >> So there you go. >> And now everybody's like, >> "What?" >> I know. I'm sorry. >> I definitely don't want to say it even even spell it in case there are kids watching for sure. But either way, >> there probably are kids watching. But the point is kids ask questions and you got to figure out answers. Yeah. All right. >> Have a great Easter. Somebody said their phone's dying. Oh, I'm sorry. You don't have a charger. >> If the astronauts look out the window at Earth, are they looking down at it or up at it? That's a great question. >> I think in space, it's just they're just looking at it >> general looking. >> There's just there's no up or down. >> That would be the worst part for me about being weightless. So I think your body is so used to this concept of up and down, meaning down is what you're being pulled towards, up is the other way, >> right? And so I think when you know some people apparently astronauts deal with it really well and some people really struggle with it. >> Well, I know some have a lot of trouble depending on how long they're there when they get >> turn home. >> Well, yeah. They put them in a wheelchair cuz they they're you know, even though they exercise, >> their muscles are are weaker. That would be the hardest part >> cuz they on the space station especially they have to exercise. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. They have those treadmill things. You see you see it at mission space. >> Yeah. Oh, the treadmills. Yeah. >> I actually want to go up in a you know if I'm up I'm never going to be up in a space station, but I'd love to walk on a treadmill quote unquote on the ceiling like basically an upside down treadmill cuz it wouldn't matter. And >> one of the other things that was cool last night was when they did their trans lunar injection burn, their gravity went back to normal earth gravity 1g. >> So everything they said everything stopped floating when they were doing that just for a couple minutes. >> Okay. >> For 5 minutes. >> They didn't. >> Oh, that's probably true. Hi. Thank you. >> All right. Here we go. Let's let's let's check out a couple songs, guys. So, don't go anywhere. We're going to watch um Luminous and hang out a little after this. We're only going to watch like five or 10 minutes worth of songs. I know you can do it, >> Chevyer. For Pete's sake, Don't quit. Heat. Heat. Heat in the morning. Just don't quit. Hey, that's all. All right. All right. All right. Sh. Sh. So why don't you show me Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, well Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Come on everybody. your hand. Oh, you get everybody say yeah >> yeah yeah >> yeah yeah talking everybody say yeah >> yeah yeah Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> I'm going to sing my song. It won't take long. We're going to do the twist and it goes like Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Is it a bird? Is it a plane? Is it a twister? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Let's again time is 1. Heat. Heat. and go like this. Hallelujah. to each other. Heat. Heat. Heat. She I think we got it now. Disney experience. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Chubby Checker. Thanks for joining us tonight at the Garden Rocks concert series featuring Chubby Checker. Aren't you glad you made it? Now get out of here and live it up at the rest of my lifetime. >> Yeah, that was pretty cool. >> I've actually seen him here before, but that was it was a while ago. That was cool. >> This is the first time I've seen him for like >> this is from mom and dad. >> Oh, I love that. >> Yeah, it's pretty cool. You can see some awesome stuff here. Yeah, >> it was great. >> I was telling her >> 84 years old. >> Yeah, he did good. He >> He even twisted. >> There was twisting. >> He was. All right, guys. See you. >> Bye. >> I just didn't want you to hear. >> Yeah, you're good. >> The lighting in the theater will soon >> KKL567 199. Thank you so much. >> Us. >> That was awesome, guys. I'm glad we went over there and saw that. We saw the best songs for sure. >> He was into it. >> Thank you. >> I hope I'm like that at 84. >> Yeah. And I >> I guess if you stay active like that. >> Oh yeah. >> Yeah. He was very he was very into it. He sung and did the whole thing. >> I was very impressed. >> Pushed himself much harder on the third set. >> Oh, really? Oh, yeah. >> I didn't see the other two. So, okay. >> I saw the second set live. I was watching it on uh >> Disney Nerd Burger stream on the way here. >> Okay. And he still didn't I mean he didn't pull punches, you know, he still put on a great show, but he pushed much harder on the third set. Oh, >> it's like a maybe it's like a runner in a race. You know, you don't want to you don't want to get tire yourself out on the first show. >> That's that makes sense. >> He's got a masseuse available, I'm sure. Lots of Ben Gay. >> Yeah. He's good to go. >> I was going to say those those those boots are awesome, but they don't look comfortable. >> That's the third pair. >> He wore white and black, red and black on the second show. >> Oh. And then for the third set, it looked like they were kind of purplish blue. >> It's probably got a closet full of checkered boots. >> And he had a purple shirt on underneath. >> How fun. >> Plausible. >> Love it. >> Enjoy the stream. Jumped in and gave you a >> Oh, I appreciate it. >> I always do. Every local streamer, I jump in every >> Are you local as well? >> Goofy. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. It looked familiar. Yeah. Yeah. Before we even moved here, you were the first streamer I officially met. >> Sitting next to us on main street waiting for the fireworks. >> That's very cool. Yep. Yep. >> What year was that? >> Yeah, let's do it. >> 20 or 21. >> 21. Okay. >> 21. >> All right. >> Well, it's good to see you again. Enjoy. >> Oh, for sure. Michaela $1. Thank you, Michaela. 84. Yeah. >> Time, I guess. But this is a good Yeah. Well, we can stroll around a little bit. >> Right here would be great. >> Yeah, I've watched it from here. It's always really good. O >> stairs. >> So, it's technically right there. >> You want to do this? >> We can. >> Or do you want >> I'm fine with whatever. >> Check it. >> Oh, we we would make it, but we would make it, but I don't know what the wait time is. Yeah, it was awesome to see. I'm glad. Thank you for sticking around as well. Most people did stick around and it it's, you know, it's cool to see history, to see a rock and roll icon and just to see him perform, you know, it's a treat. It's something it's something that you never forget. >> It says 105, so I don't know. >> No, it's not true, but I don't know how not true it is. >> There is a slight chance that it's true, but you know, >> I mean, we still got a few more. Yeah, we still got a few more minutes. We can walk around a little bit. >> I know where you're going to live this spot, but that's >> for sure. >> Depends on where you want to watch it. >> I'm fine watching it from anywhere. >> Okay. Okay. >> Big steps. >> Big steps indeed. It's weird. They didn't They're not playing the uh >> Oh, >> pre-show music here, >> which is nice. >> It's time because of the show. >> Yeah, I think so. >> So, maybe it starts at like 8:40. >> Maybe. There it goes. >> There it is. Just wait around a minute. >> Yep. Oh, that's funny. Mr. Master, the music is dead. Yeah, I don't know. Let's see. Is this one? >> Ultimate commentary. This one's Desperado. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> That's the name of the song >> by Justin Bieber. >> No. >> Doesn't he sing that? I don't know. >> By something that copyright claims us every time, but But I have uh >> I haven't got I haven't got one from them for a while actually. And when I do, if they reject it, I have somebody's email that I send it to and sometimes they'll they'll release it, but it's like it's a lot of work, you know? They they got to they got to they got to chill chill, bro. >> Chill, bro. Chill. >> Whoever's whoever's um responsible to turn on the music was too busy twisting. That's funny. >> Twisting. Now earlier I don't want to necessarily like you know like give this any attention necessarily but I don't know if um MR or some of our offers can figure out somebody said somebody's streaming our stream which I would love to know where we you know where that is cuz we know we want to make sure that's taken down. That has happened before but >> won't they get copyrighted? >> Uh not not right away. It's random. Yeah. Sometimes yes some it just depends. Maybe sometimes later, too. But anyway, if anybody knows where that's coming from, just let me know and we can we can submit a a thing. >> All right. I was too twisting and when I twisted, I shouted and everything became clear. Or twisted and shouted. Yeah, you have to do both. All the twisting. All the shouting. Yeah. As far as the trees, somebody's asking resort budgeting. I think they trim them like this every year and then they grow back. So, I guess that's the the kind of >> the standard type of trimming for this type of tree. >> Yeah. I forget what kind that is. >> Dad would know and mom. >> So, I think my next Retro TV1 video is not going to be retro. >> Okay. That's weird. >> I got a uh I got to talk to Dale about this, too, cuz I got a uh I saw that the graphics card I was looking at was really was starting to go up. Some of them had already gone up $100. I was like I told Steph like, "Let's grab it before it goes up anymore." So, I actually grabbed one at the old price because they hadn't sold out yet. What they'll do is it's like it's almost like gas sometimes. They'll sell out then when they get more it's more expensive. So, I I was on Amazon. I was able to get it within $10 of the original price. >> Oh, wow. >> But then the next one had gone up $100. So, I was like, "Okay." So, anyway, the point is I'm going to be my next video I think I'm going to film tomorrow before I go to um you know, Mario Movie and stuff is putting that card in the computer. It'll be a a modern a modern tech upgrade, >> but I told Dale if he wanted he could he could buy my older one if he wanted. So, >> well, I think he purchased all the things. >> Oh, he said he didn't buy the graphics card. >> I don't know. >> He told me cuz I'm supposed to help him put it together. >> Okay. >> Yeah. Yeah, he's got all the He had it all planned out, but he said he wanted help putting it together and then uh and then he said he wasn't sure about the graphics card right away. So, Okay. >> But either way, like yeah, either way, that's going to be uh it's going to be my next video. It'll be non- retro. I think it'll be fun. >> There you go. >> Do you think it's direct or indirect? I have no idea, Mr. Master. I'm not sure. >> My video tomorrow for Adventures of Jordan and Dale is our last cruise video. Day seven. Don't miss it. >> Oh, yeah. I was Oh, okay. I >> It's so funny. I have a uh an advanced notice of that cuz I saw the thumbnail. I was like, "Wait, you already posted that." No, you already made the thumbnail. >> I was like, "I thought I saw that." No, I did. I saw it on our on our Photoshop. >> Yep. Exactly. >> Going up tomorrow. Uh, Nvidia, I got a if you're curious about the card, it's a 5060 Ti. I can't afford anything more, which is it's fine for what I'm doing. I'm not playing games. Liam Liam now he watches some of these YouTubers. He knows what the he goes he knows like 4090, which is one of the old whatever. He said, "Why didn't you get a 49?" It's like they're $2,000. Cuz he's heard people talk about it on YouTube now. >> He So, he thought that was a V. No, there's a 5092. And guess how much that one is? He's like, "How much?" He's like, "Well, it the retail price on it, the suggested price was 2,000. and it is now 4,000 >> because of supply and demand. >> They're in demand for AI. They're really good at AI. >> People are buying them and then renting them out like like allowing somebody to allowing these services to connect to their computer. I was like, "Oo, I could do that." But it's like you might make a dollar a day. And I'm like, "That's going to take a long time to pay itself off." >> Yep. It would be There's an island. It's pretty, but there's an island on the way. Anyway, >> nobody's standing here. >> All right. Well, thank you for joining us. Maybe, maybe, maybe when Dale and I built his computer, you can put it on your adventures channel. >> Sounds good. >> That'd be fun. >> Sounds like a plan. I know whenever he came to help, >> you guys put in backyard >> bricks or something. Did you film that? >> Yes. Yeah, he did. >> You did. >> We did, I think, part of it. I can't remember what happened to it. >> What's the version of your PCI port? So, I'm That's going to be a little bit of a It's a It's a PCI Gen 3, so I'm going to lose a little bit on that, but for what I'm doing, it's not going to matter. I don't game so I much so I I'm just doing uh rendering and um and um a little bit of AI sometimes. I run the Yeah, I got the 16 gig. Anyway, you're happy with the 1070. Nice. Hey, if it works, it works. >> This is a nice >> It is. I like it. >> It's not that busy. >> Oh, Easter is going to be rainy. >> Yeah, it's going to be rainy all week next week, >> but including here. >> Mhm. Bummer. >> It's like a 70% chance on Monday and Tuesday. >> That's too bad. >> Yes, it is. >> And the day we might go to Epic said it was going to be rainy, too. >> Uh oh. Okay. Easter's only No, it went down on Easter. >> Oh, good. >> But it is going to be 80% on Monday, 80% on Tuesday, 64 on Wednesday and Thursday. >> Nice. >> But guess what? Friday looks good. >> Yes. >> 4060 has all the AI instruction. Yep. 50 60 does, too. So, I'm excited. It'll be It'll be fun to see. >> Where would you like to watch it? >> Uh, not here. >> Yeah, probably not here. >> Go back to Italy. >> Yeah, let's go back to Italy. Why not? That was a good spot >> for the fun. >> Shaggy. Yeah, 470 is still good. Let's go back. Why not? That was fun. That was a fun spot. >> All right, sounds good. >> Hello everybody. Oh, good evening. >> They should start with a good evening >> during Halloween. >> The symphony is celebration of the music. Please be sure to >> 15 minutes. >> Yep. We'll head back to Italy and watch it from there. throw your own. >> I know. Aren't those cool? They're expensive. >> Are they? >> Yeah. >> How much? >> Uh I forget off the here. >> They are. >> Depending on what you get. >> Hey. >> Hi. >> Hi. How are you? >> I I bought a gator. >> A nice. >> So cute. >> I got this from last year. Showing her how well covered it is. I water it all the time. Good job. Spray bottle. >> I was going to say I don't know how well I would keep it, but good. I bet that you keep it black. >> Okay. >> And then you redirect the ID and it will work. >> And it works. Okay. These are $70.99. >> So it depends on what you get is the cost. >> You really got to stay on top. >> I probably set a reminder on my phone to water it so it doesn't die. >> These are really fun though. That's awesome. >> They're all about 60. >> Okay. Or Mickey's a little more. >> Mickey's a little more. Yeah. Oh, that's super cool. Love it. >> Me, too. >> Perfect. Thank you. >> Get a bunny for Easter. >> T Y O T. Build your own topiary. >> That's great. >> Have a good night, guys. Enjoy your topiary. >> This one's a little repetitive. I mean, why do you say that? >> Is that why? >> Yeah. And now you know the song. >> Yeah. You sing that, you got it. >> Commentary. >> It's totally commentary. >> My legs are like, why did you run today? You knew you were going to be walking around the world, right? >> Right. It's all good. I actually did a 5K and then I walked all around >> Epcot Resorts that one night, remember? >> Nice. >> You were with me. >> Yep, that's right. It's too bad. >> Rained. >> You can't train for the the the um 10K by running around World Showcase. There's they don't allow you to run. >> I know. >> Except for during the race. >> That literally is the only time you can run at Disney >> in the park >> that you're allowed to run. >> There's actually there's running trails at the hotels, the resorts. >> There are lots lots of running trails. And I don't actually even if you ran in the normal areas, as long as they're not crowded, I don't think they'd say anything to you at the resorts. >> Yeah, >> because I know people do like to jog in the mornings and stuff like that. >> You can you can run around the Epcot uh resorts. >> Yes, you can run over there. Yeah, >> which is what we're going to be doing later. >> A lot of people do that actually. >> Yeah, sure do. Cor says, "Is it because of the bum bum bum bum?" >> Yeah, >> the song. The song we eat. This one's got a little woohoo. >> There it is. There it is. >> You got You got to get the hand motion going. >> This one's called Jazz Carnival. >> Carnival. Okay. >> Jazz Carnival. >> Oh, sorry about the jazz. >> By a guy named BBO Best. >> Okay, man. You know them all. >> Because I've done this so many times. >> I know. bump. >> Did I tell you I beat Sony the other day? >> You did? >> Yep. >> Good job. >> First time ever. >> Good job. >> Good job beating it. >> I think they're weakened. >> Yeah. You know what we could do during this part is bring our wireless mic >> and then put it on noise cancell. >> Yeah, it does help cuz I did I do that at HHN some, you know, in the background cuz I do Well, I do it for the houses. So they can hear inside the house. >> Of course. >> Yeah, but you wouldn't get all of it. >> All of it? No. >> Just saying. It's an idea. >> I wouldn't want people to not be able to hear the show, though. That'd be frustrating. >> Well, no, you take it off during the show. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. >> Otherwise, you might as well not show it. >> Might as well not show the show. >> Show it. Show it. Show it. >> All right. Where are we going? >> Oh, >> okay. I think they're all taken now. >> Oh, that hurts. >> Oh, that hurts. >> That hurts. >> That hurts. special effects. >> Where are we going? >> Oh, it's right here. Yeah. >> Okay. It's hard to see it. Oh no, it's just my calves. >> My calves hurting from the run earlier. Going up steps hurts your calves. >> It does indeed. >> Especially after running. >> I love how Spaceship Earth is dancing with the music. Uh, Mary Roker9.99. She says, "Uh, wish we were there." Thank you both, Mary and Chris. Roker or is it Roker? Yeah. Thank you so much, Mary and Chris. Thank you. Thank you. The super chat. Glad you guys can be here virtually with us. >> Oh, there it is. That's the picture they took. >> Wow, that's cool. >> It's cool cuz they they gave them like really like the best cameras and stuff, too. >> Well, they should, right? That's awesome. Amazing. >> Here you go, guys. You can see it. Earth ball. >> Earth ball. Love that. >> That's awesome. Got eight minutes. Scooch in here. Nobody else takes it. >> About 100,000 miles away. >> Wow. It's >> so round. It looks flat from there. >> Sorry, I had to. >> It looks so flat. >> Don't go anywhere, guys. Fireworks in 8 minutes. That's a nighttime photo, too, taken with a moonlight. So, you can see stars and the aurora and city light. >> Nighttime photo, it says. >> Oh, >> that's so cool. >> Wow. This fish is beautiful. Got about 7 minutes in my eyes. >> Oh yeah, Matt. That's so cool. Very awesome. transportation technology. >> Oh my goodness gracious. Sorry guys. So, what do you guys have planned for the weekend? Let us know while we're waiting. Again, I have a video going up on Adventures of Jenna and Dale tomorrow, I think, at 9 a.m., our last day on our cruise. So, go check that out. And then on Sunday, right here on Resort TV1, I have a what's new at Disney Springs vlog going out at 9:00 a.m. Sunday. Um, the low light. Yeah, the low light is great. This is the new Samsung. What is it? 20 >> S26. >> S26 Ultra. The lakehouse. Nice. Easter on Sunday. Very nice. And no work. Packing for my springtime surprise surprise trip. Oh, that's awesome. What race are you doing? trying to buy a new house. So, looking at a house is awesome. Anthony flying to Hawaii for the for the week. Oh, that's so exciting. I've never been there either. I'm in charge of stuffing eggs for an egg hunt. A that's so fun is working tomorrow. My first inerson 5K. That is amazing. You're going to love it. They're so fun. They're addicting, too, by the way. >> Oh, I hope they're doing it. Thank you, one boy's mom. I'm so glad you're enjoying the cruise vlogs. We had so much fun. 5 a.m. flight to Walt Disney World Wilderness in Coronado. Oh, that's so fun. Oh, yeah, for sure. Hello, William. How are you? >> Oh, very cool, William. It is a good view from here. We watched um New Year's Eve from here. already got a charity bib for the princess raids. Oh, fun. Definitely go check out our charity that we're running for, Experience Camps. Go check them out, guys. And if you'd like to donate, um if one of the moppers wants to post the link, you can donate. That would be amazing. It's a great great charity. Um they help out children that are grieving either a loss of a parent or a sibling or a caregiver. Um and they um bring them to the camp and they get to enjoy a carefree week and you know of course they have counselors and different things um greeting counselors there for them as well just so that they can enjoy some time away. Thank you so much and Mara for posting the link. If you guys would like to donate go please donate to experience camps. Hey, get your ears on. >> Give you guys to Josh. I just love about our charity that we're running. >> Good evening. >> Tonight, we invite you to join us for Luminance, the symphony of us. Due to lower light levels during the show, we ask that you please watch your step and be sure to take small children by the hand. Tonight's performance of Luminous, the Symphony of Us, will begin in just a few minutes. >> Sorry. I like that. Heat. Heat. Good. Thank you. Let's get Oh. Welcome to the great gathering. >> Welcome. >> Welcome. Welcome. My name Everyone on this earth is part of the great symphony of us. Each of us a unique instrument playing harmony to one another. And even though we are all playing different parts, it's our unified heartbeat that connects us, reminding us that we are more alike than we are different. A rapid city of rhythms that unites us and connects us through commonalities of the heart. Come find your place in the great symphony of us. You hear the sound of the world in motion. through the trees inside. You will feel the million falls all the time. My moment I remember you are a part of me and I am a part of you just like a me. So go ahead and sing your song. I'll be there to sing together. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. When we are poor, we come into this world a raw noise cradled in tenderness. We tune ourselves to the world around us. Come stop your crying. It'll be all right. Just take my hand. Hold it tight. Cuz you're in my heart. You my understanding. Can you see us can't be broken? I will be here to be in my heart. Yeah. Heat. We begin to understand what our instrument can do. We find our voice and add it to the ensemble of our ancestors, our family. Westra familia. Heat. Heat. Everyone We begin to recognize the music in others. Trading notes and improvising. Music becomes play. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Can you feel the love tonight? Sometimes we find another and our melodies blend and suddenly with the hum of our heartstrings our world becomes a duet and all the world is cally to So clear. So close. It's too easy that this one pretend. So close. So close. Still so far. >> All right, there we go. Not that bad. >> Inevitably in life, the accompaniment drops out and we experience great loss. >> We find that the melodies we cherish are gone. And for a moment we are playing alone. >> When loved me, >> everything was beautiful. And when she was happy, so was I. When she loved me. When somebody loves me, we make everything worse when every hour together. >> You like it? >> I know. It was >> when she >> But we are never truly alone. >> Sing out so others can hear you. The music we make echoes back at us in chorus, in concert, in symphony. Heat. Heat. Together, our voices can illuminate the world if we only listen closely for the sounds of each other. It's like all everything How miraculous that we exist on this planet at the same time. Now that I found you >> and yet it's the human connection that unifies us. A pulse, a beyond heart is all around. A catch, a common thread. Connect the unifying sound. Spinning the beading of our hearts to the stars for all the world to hear. Can you feel it here? Come together as one. And the way you cross the ocean without Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. In the great symphony of We hope you enjoyed Blooms, the symphony of us. From all of us here at Epcot, we wish you a wonderful evening and a safe journey home. Thank you and good night. >> All right, there you go. Is that your first time watching it? >> You did it. Yep. >> I know that's what they want to do. >> Yep. >> Speaker is nice and loud there. I don't know. Hopefully you guys were able to hear that. We certainly heard it. >> Yeah, they're really loud tonight. I thought the same thing. Oh goodness. >> Yeah, the music is great. All these post show songs are awesome and uh the conglomeration of Disney music and all the original songs and the whole thing is very very good. Well done. We like it. >> Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. spot to watch it. >> Yeah, it is. >> Okay. You ready to take it for a second? Okay. >> Hello, everybody. >> How's it going? Oh, I just caught all my rings. Look at that. >> Did you? >> I did just now. >> Oh, wow. My exercise ring is not very good. >> No. >> It's really weird. My My watch is kind of like bad about it. If I'm not just like swinging my arm like crazy, it doesn't count. >> Well, I got mine during my run, so >> Oh, okay. I got I got all three yesterday when I did my run. >> Yep. It does that quick. >> All right. >> Every time when I'm running and it says high ring level. I should hope so. >> I hope so. Yeah, exactly. >> Two and a half miles. >> Yeah, that should count. >> That should definitely count. >> Hi, Kelly. >> Hello. wife. We got Padawan Heartbeat coming up. >> Yep. >> Indeed. And we already shopped, so I guess we don't have to shop. >> Oh, we can if we want, but whatever. >> No, >> I'm good. >> Yeah. >> Hi, Pickles. We did lots of shopping tonight. >> Tomorrow have a premiere at 12:15. I need to figure that out >> tomorrow. >> Yeah, I don't really I don't really need to have a premiere then. I was going to do it after my morning stream. >> Oh, >> I'm not doing a morning stream, so I got to fix that. >> What premiere do you have? >> It's the new Buzz Light you're riding. >> Oh, cool. >> Post that as a separate video. >> Yeah, nice. I still haven't been on it. I can't wait to go on it. Thanks everybody. Uh Josh said he'll be live tomorrow in the evening. >> Yeah, probably 6ish. >> Around 6ish. >> So, I may just post that video at like 9 or 10 or whatever. So, probably no premiere. >> Okay. Tomorrow. Yeah, there's no point in premier. Really? >> Premier it after my stream if I stream till noon tomorrow. >> Okay, >> that's not what I'm gonna do anymore. >> Nope. >> Ah, here it is. >> Padawan heartbeat. >> Too funny. >> It's a great one. >> Oh, wow. So, they released some onboard camera footage. Look at that. >> That's crazy. There's another really good shot. >> Look how fast they go. Look how fast it is. >> Oh my word. >> That makes you dizzy. >> Oh, I would definitely be nauseous. >> Or as we like to say, nurious. >> Nurious. >> Nurious. >> A, that's awesome, Colleen. Hello, Colleen and Caitlyn. >> Thanks for watching. One year ago today, I just landed in Orlando. >> Awesome. Seeing fireworks as you land. That's pretty cool. >> Pretty cool. I still want to go back to uh uh Gio 82 and watch the fireworks from there. That was a really cool experience. >> Yeah, that was cool. >> Big thanks again to Disney for inviting us to check that out. >> Or are you going pretty soon to see >> something we can't talk about? Can't >> talk about it. >> It's like Bruno. Yeah. >> I was like, don't say it. >> I know. >> Yep. We uh do have an event coming up. >> When is that? >> Uh next next No, not next week, but the next week. >> Okay. >> It's the week of our race. >> Oh, yeah. >> It's gonna be a busy week. >> Yeah. >> Oh, yeah. We got to figure out what we're going to do about the expo. She won't be able to go in the morning. >> You don't have to go in the morning, but I probably will just cuz merch. >> I got to figure out this waiver thing. I signed the waiver, but then it told me I hadn't signed it and I should send I should send it to Josh Nelson. I was like, I am So, I I put my email in. It's like, "You can't use the email you're currently signed in with." I'm like, "But that's me." >> So, I'm just going to leave it cuz I already signed one. I don't need to sign two. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> It messed up. >> Okay. Yeah. If you signed it, then you're you should be good. Otherwise, when you get there, there's a place you can find it, too. >> I figured there was. But >> I'm not going to worry too much about it. >> Usually, there's a line, but if you come later, it won't be that bad. >> Hi, Christopher Robin. >> Later. What do you mean later? Like in the morning the lines are really long but after school if you go it won't be as bad. >> Yeah. You got to go because you got to pick up your bib. >> Oh okay. >> Otherwise you can't run. >> Oh >> yeah. >> How about you just show up in the morning? >> Nope. You got to go to the expo. Pick up your bib and uh your free shirt that comes with it. >> Okay. >> And you got to do that either Thursday or Friday. >> I guess I'll do it Thursday then. >> Yeah. I always go the first day just cuz I want to go look at the merch. Um, it's a whole experience, too. It's pretty cool, the expo. >> Yeah. >> And I can meet you there later if you want to show you where to go and what to do. But >> I'll probably go first thing to look at merch. >> Okay. >> This a lot of times. >> Yeah. >> Oh, that's exciting. That is so exciting, Christopher. >> And it's so loud. Yeah, it's really loud. There he is. Lumpy. >> That's Lumpy. Oh, and Dumpy's in the window. >> There you go. >> He's He's in the window by the shop. >> I got it cranked up to 11 for sure. >> Oh my word. It is so loud. >> What? >> I don't know. Can't hear myself think. >> Oh my goodness. A Tim, you did you just missed Paddle on Heartbeat. >> Great song. >> Hey, Disney Adventures with Kra. >> After seeing all the um videos in uh Paris, you know, of the frozen land, I'm like, darn it, we need we need frozen land. >> I know. >> Our friend Jeff were there. I saw that. Yeah, >> they got a pair of them off though. >> They Oh, yeah, they do. And she hurt her foot. Did you see that? >> Yeah, she was in a chair. >> Too bad. Yeah. Sorry. >> She met Josh. >> I know. That's super cool. That's amazing. >> Yeah. Bucket list. I want to go on the Disney Adventure cruise ship in Singapore. That looks amazing. And I also believe >> uh that one. Yeah, that one hasn't come out yet. >> No. >> Uh but yes, the newest one will be Believe. Um, but the Singapore one, the adventure. >> Where's Belief coming out of? I know about Adventure, but where >> I believe it's gonna be here, but I could be wrong. See what I did there? >> Yeah, I do. >> Uh, correct me if I'm wrong, guys. But >> when is it coming out? >> Next year sometime. >> I wonder if we'll have another preview of that one. >> That would be amazing. >> Please. >> I know. I missed I missed out, of course, on the Destiny cuz of it was my choice. >> Yeah, >> cuz of Chloe. And I'm glad I made that decision. It was strange to be in a cruise ship room by myself. >> By yourself? Yeah. Or just on a cruise in general by yourself. >> Like >> I was so busy. I was so busy. I definitely didn't like notice it that much. >> Yeah. I was going to say you probably didn't mind it. >> I didn't try and edit anything. So that was good. >> There you go. >> I was like, "No, I will not edit anything. There'll be no editing." >> You listened to your sister next. >> I told you not to. >> I know you did. You know what? >> It didn't matter at all. >> YouTube algorithm hates our vlogs. So it's like whatever. I know. We tried. >> We tried. It's all that matters. >> Figment. Good old Figment. >> Yeah. >> I finally realized like, why am I working so hard? It doesn't matter. >> I mean, you can still work hard. Just you don't have to stay up till like 3:00 a.m. >> I'm saying that, but the the ridiculous like the insane amount of stuff that I was trying to do to make everything, >> you know, like that, I was just like, "Okay, that didn't help. So, I'm just going to rest more." >> Yeah. Our our people will watch it. >> For sure. For sure. >> Well, you got to go live on the show, too. So, that was pretty cool. >> That was fun. >> Yeah. >> Cuz we didn't do that. Did we do that on the treasure? Oh, >> yeah. >> But actually, so and I didn't even I didn't even get the upgraded um package. >> Oh. >> I just kept the bit rated two. Ah, okay. >> It was it was good enough. >> Okay, cool. >> And um it went up to three. That was too much. >> Ah, >> but um the um one of the ladies, the one that emailed us, the the one the head of the IT on the cruise, she emailed me afterwards and said, you know, thanks for the shout out cuz site said, "Shout out to, you know, Disney cruise ship it and Starlink because that actually worked really well." >> Woohoo. That's awesome. >> So, >> hey, I had it down. Woohoo. >> Pretty flawless. >> Nice. Yeah, I was watching >> and I guess some of her team was watching and they were really excited and it works so well. >> Cool. you know, because they set it up and they do the best they can, but you still never know exactly how it's going to work and it works really well. >> Well, I'm so glad. That's a That is awesome. >> This is a very impressive demonstration of tech. >> Not not my tech, their tech. >> Right. Right. >> We do that. >> I was waiting for you to sound like Beaker and Honey. It was a great demonstration of >> nothing. >> Muppet Labs. >> Muppet Labs. Yeah. >> 3D. >> Yeah. Hey. Hey, uh, Blue Nose. How are you? Any squirrel sightings? No. But a duck tried to hit us today. Like, yeah, I felt the wind from him. That's how close he was. >> Literally, I thought he was going to hit my ears. That was nuts. >> Ducks. >> Oh my goodness. Ducks, squirrels, pigeons. Okay. I would like to talk about pigeons, actually. Balloons. Yeah. >> I would like to talk about >> All right. Go ahead. >> All right. So, I want to talk about them for a second. Do you notice how you never see pigeons at Walt Disney World >> and they're everywhere at Universal? No, I don't know. >> Please tell me why. >> Please tell me why the car is in the front. >> No. No. Tell me about pigeons. Not that. >> I think Universal brought them in to look more like New York Street. That's my theory. >> I don't know. >> They could be. They could be, but what would keep them from flying away? Unless they're just feeding them well. >> Feeding them. Well, yeah. >> Like a carrier pigeon, you know? They keep them somewhere. Ah, no. >> No. I mean, the only way they keep them around is by feeding them well enough that they don't want to go anywhere. >> That's true. >> Jenna's new name is Snow White. I know, right? Seriously though, >> they're working together. Too funny. >> What? What? What is happening over there? Do you see that? >> What am I looking at? >> Oh, it's a spotlight. Every once in a while, out of the corner of my eye, I see something light up over there. Yeah, it's >> the tree. Okie dokie. >> I was like, "What you mean?" >> What you mean this? >> I'm like, "Is my eye going crazy?" >> Pigeons don't like Disney. No, I don't think that's it. I really think Universal flew them in and kept them. >> But yes, they are literally everywhere. And that's why one hit ran into me. Flew into me. >> See? Kite flying. >> Yep. Kite flying. >> Full circle. >> Batman. It could be the cleanliness. Disney always has sweepers. Not sure about Universal. Yeah, I have no idea either. I mean, I'm assuming they would sweep. >> Are pigeons native to Florida? That's the question. Oh, let me I'll ask the >> Yeah, that's a good question, too. >> Ask the Googles. >> All of Jenna's animal friends are just waiting for her to start singing. Oh, I'll sing for you if you like. The >> common carry pigeon rock pigeon is not native to Florida. >> It is an introduced exotic species. However, Florida is home to a native pigeon species, white crown pigeon, which is a threatened species found in the Florida Keys and southern coastal areas. >> So, in short, no, not around here. >> Okay. >> But there is the one in the Florida Keys that's endangered. >> Okay. Well, they're not endangered at Universal. Whatever breed they have there, they're everywhere. I didn't get >> I think you need to sleep in tomorrow. Why? Why do I need to sleep in? I like talking about pigeons. It's okay. >> But they're doing the show. >> What? >> They're doing a show. >> I see that. >> After the park closed. >> I see that. What is it? >> It's exciting. >> Which one is it? That is exciting. It's probably the copyright one. I'm >> sure it is. >> Oh, it's the Isn't it the one? >> Yes. That's a really copyrighted one. >> So, I'll tell you what. >> Yeah, >> it it's not actually it won't actually block the stream anymore. It's just copyrighted. >> Okay. >> Just like everything else. I'll just dispute it. >> Okay. >> But that means that I want to hang around a little bit and see if they play the other shows. >> All right. >> I've been asking for this for years. I wonder if they just forgot to turn it off. Sometimes they forget to turn it off. But hey, good job, Disney either way. Uh either way, we we're enjoying it. >> They should always do shows. >> Agreed. >> Should do the shows until at least 10:30. >> Show the shows until they close the shops. >> Please fix this also. >> I know. I miss it. >> Oh, no. This is from Encanto. >> Oh, you're right. It is Encanto. What else can I do? Yeah. >> Yeah, >> you're right. >> I was wrong. >> It's a really copyrighted one, not the regular copyrighted. >> That's right. Well, what she meant by that is it's a it's a it could be a stream ender. >> Yeah, >> there are a couple that used to be where it would it would block your stream. It would just shut you down like right in the middle of the stream. >> You're done. Bam. >> Those usually come with a community guidelines warning. >> Yeah, >> you will not do this again. >> Uh, no. Josh is my brother. >> I met him when I was born. Shortly thereafter. >> Shortly after. Yeah. Cuz I don't remember. >> I was only one and a half. So I do not remember that. >> Nope. Neither of us remember. >> But I've seen pictures and you had a big brother shirt on. >> That's cool. >> I think it's in the movies that I was transferring to. Oh, >> okay. Fun. What else can I do? >> Nice, nice, nice, nice. >> At least let's see what the next one is. We can walk around a little more until 9. Usually every 10 minutes till 9. >> I might go get some trail mix in there. I'm a little hungry. >> Okay. >> Are you hungry? >> Yeah, but I'm going to try not to eat late cuz it's like bad. >> Okay. >> You can. >> No, I better not. They did the Spaceship Earth show last night as well. Oh, watch it on live stream. That's cool. So, I tell you what, let's head down this way. I need to use the restroom >> and we can look in the shops down by Spaceship Earth. >> Okay. >> Yep. Sure. >> Still 2400 people in here. welcome in and stay >> stay tuned. >> All those sponsors the first three. >> So we so you got Davis DVC. You got that one. >> Okay. So then we have um Surf Shark is a VPN service which stands for virtual private network. So if you are using any kind of public Wi-Fi like here at Disney, at Starbucks, at an airport, whatever, you're going to use a VPN on your laptop, on your tablet, on your phone, everything, you're going to want to use a VPN cuz it keeps your data safe online. uh because there are ways for people can steal passwords and steal information from you if you're not doing that on a public Wi-Fi. So, it's very safe. Use Surf Shark. It's one of the best and it is super super reasonable. Uh it's about $2 or $3 a month, I think, if you buy two years. They they have $3 a month if you buy two years and uh it's unlimited devices. So, you pay one fee and you get to use every device that your whole family has. So, that's what's pretty cool. So, go over and check it out. Uh use our link for 4 months free. You're going to go to cersark.deals/resorttv1. Again, that's curark.deals/resorttv1. Use code resortv1. You're going to get four months free and uh it is really really great service. They've been a sponsor for years and years and years because they are fantastic. And so definitely go check them out. Sersark.deals/resorttv1. And I don't even think you need the code anymore. I think it's just the link now. But if you need the code, it's just our name again. And then we also have layer 1 technology. If you want to um have get um IT service for your small or mediumsiz business, just check out layer 1 technology. It's here in central Florida only though it's not in other states unfortunately. But yeah, uh go check it out at uh layer1 technology support layer onetone technology.com. Support at layer onetone technology.com. We also have Behind the Ride. Behind the Ride is a um let's see. Behind the Ride is a an awesome book and they have an ebook as well um about how all the Disney rides were created. Also, Disney Demystified has an audio book. So, go search for Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. If you want to learn more about how all your favorite rides were created, again, just go to Amazon, search for Disney Demystified or Behind the Ride. Go check it out. Um, >> I just remember >> Okay. All right. >> So, yeah, there was one more maybe. Oh, Dream Table. If you want to get the hardest to find reservations, go to the app store and download Dream Table. Again, go to the app store. Download Dreamtable. >> Check it out. Dreamtable.co or on the app store, Dreamtable. All right. Go buy that. >> Okay. watching from MN. Thanks for a great stream. Looking forward to your premiere of the new Buzz Lighter ride. Yeah. Yeah, that'd be awesome. I don't know if I'm going to premiere it anymore, but um I'll probably change the time to like 10:00. So, maybe I'll do that. Actually, let me do that now before I forget. Let's change the time to 10:00 in the morning because I don't need to wait anymore. I was going to do it while we were streaming, but I don't need to do that because I'm not streaming in the morning anymore. No, >> I'm streaming in the evening. So, I'll be streaming at 9 or not 9:00. I'll be streaming, sorry, at 6:00 p.m. tomorrow. So, let's I'm going to change the premiere. I don't even know if I need to do a premiere. I guess I can. Why not? There we go. 10:00 a.m. All right. nailed it. >> All right. >> So, here is a shop. Make a long poop. That did not want to focus. >> There it goes. >> Yeah, the music on Spaceship Earth is indeed great. Oh my god. >> All right, we'll be back. I'm going to go see if they have another show. It's about 2 minutes or less before the next show. We'll see what the next one is. Sorry for season pass holders getting the park spring break. No, not at all. I got a reservation for tomorrow with no problem. Just today, I think or yesterday. Today or yesterday I got a reservation. I think it was today actually. Got a reservation for Magic Kingdom. So, it's not that hard. >> Like, I got a reservation for tomorrow, just the day before. So, no, reservations are pretty plentiful now. Now, another thing about that is though, a lot of the annual passes are now blocked out. So, that's one thing is it makes it a little easier when the passes are blocked out. You don't have to worry about so so much competition for the reservations. But, still, it's pretty easy other than like on the very busiest days of the year to get a reservation. It's not that bad. So, we're gonna we're not leaving yet. Stay tuned. We're going to go out here and we're going to wait for the show. There's lots. You too, Mr. Master. Have a good night. Uh, Grady Reef. GG. Hello. Uh, okay. That should work. Let me go over here so I'm not >> have as much in the way. >> Time for this old dude to go to bed. Oh. Oh, here we go. Good night. left. I need a little bit We'll go Find Fire. I'm going to be here. We didn't really Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. light up. >> Yeah. All right. Well, I'm going to go use the restroom real quick. Y >> and then maybe we'll watch one more. >> So, only about seven more minutes, >> right? get after that. >> Okay. >> Or we can >> or we Yeah. Either way. >> End it. >> Interesting to see how long it goes. But I'm sure there'll be at least one more. So, >> you think you think there's one more? >> Well, I think there's probably a couple more. >> Oh, really? >> 10, I would think. But this >> Okay, I'll be right back. >> Okay. >> Hello everybody. How is it going? >> So cool. I didn't know. I wonder why they're doing them late. I wonder if it's because spring break and it's busy or uh Yeah. I don't know. Either way, super cool. There was an airplane flying over right when the show was going and I was like, "Oh my word, how cool would that be to see it from up top there?" Just as I suspected. Well, well, well. It's funny. Hey, Maltese fan. It is gorgeous, isn't it? >> Late to the party, but did you see the Figment bubble wand? Yes. It's um it's not really a wand, but yeah, it's a little like almost like a miniature popcorn bucket, but it's a bubble maker. It's really cute. I showed it at the beginning of the stream. Yeah, maybe it's for spring break and Easter. Yep. >> Yeah, that wind. March your eye. >> That wind is a crazy >> actually feels a little chilly. Yep. Josh and I are brother and sister. If you ever watch sometimes and see Dale, that's my husband. Dale's on the streams. Not as much as he used to be, but a couple weeks ago he was on the stream with me. His work keeps him pretty busy. And I always, you know, I'm talking about Adventures of Jenna and Dale. That's uh Dale and I's channel, my husband. We have a separate channel as well. So, go check it out and go subscribe. Speaking of that, tomorrow we have a video over on Adventures with Jenna and Dale. Our very last cruise vlog from the Star of the Seas, the biggest cruise ship in the world. If you guys missed it, uh any of the cruise vlogs, go back and check them out. Day seven, the last day is going to go up tomorrow on our channel. >> Dale's doing good. Yeah. Like what was it about two two three week two weeks ago? I think uh Dale and I did the Skylander uh stream. Yes. Dale the person, not Dale the Chipmunk. That's right. Carlo Box, I'm so glad you you uh you know clarified for us. So funny. And thank you Amara for posting the link. Go subscribe and go check out all of the vlogs over there. Dale just did a golf vlog as well. >> Hello Percy. Thank you. >> Ooh, that's cool. Benjamin, love that. Thank you so much. Oh, guard burox. Too funny, funny, funny. >> Yeah, Easter's very, very soon. Sunday, Sunday, Sunday. >> I know, Robert. I don't want them to end either. Thank you so much. I'm glad you enjoyed them. Our second last video from Allure of the Seas is going up tomorrow. Okay. >> Hi, Lee. >> Thank you, Aaron. Appreciate that. >> Go watch. Pop the like button. Leave a comment. All those things help for sure. Well, >> I wonder when this starts if it is going to start. Anybody know? >> My backpack is killing me tonight. Oh, cardboard box. Hello, Noel. How are you tonight? >> It's been a fun day, right James? Good evening. A good Friday night live. It's been fun. So glad so many of you joined us tonight. We really appreciate it. And it wasn't as crazy busy as I thought it was going to be tonight here. I'm sure it isn't magic, but tonight was more chill. So, I love it. Hi, JL. >> Hi, AI Wish Resort Budgeting. Well, um hopefully soon we'll get Brit to go live for us again at Disneyland and we can bop it back and forth. We've been in talks about it, so we'll see. We shall see. >> If it weren't windy, it would not be chilly. But I got some goosebumps. Oh, okay. Maybe. Here we go. We saw this the whole time. Mr. Look at the car. Together. Wait, this Getting started. I'm sorry. Please. Yay. >> Oh, hi David. I didn't see you there. All right. We waiting for one more or you think that's it? >> Yeah, why not? We'll wait for one more. You want to >> I'll go restroom. Yep. I'll be right back. >> People want to see the front. I'll show them the front of the >> topiaries over here. Somebody wanted to see that. So, here we'll do that. There's lots. Let me turn the brightness up so you can see them a little better. There we go. A big difference. There's Lasso. Here, let's go over here. Adventures with Carrie and Larry. Yeah, it's a good one for sure. Crowd's starting to thin out finally. It takes a while. >> All right. Saw somebody climbing into the landscaping back there, but it was a Disney cast member. He's He's in there right now. He's cleaning something out. He's back there behind Buzz Lighter, but I was like, "Who's getting in there?" But no, he's actually a cast member. He's fixing things. Some guest is climbing in there. Nope. He's okay. They do need to fix uh there's a speaker on the front side of the planter that's been broken for a while. It's been it's very like staticky kind of uh distorted sounding. I think it's I think it's blown. So So here you go. There's Buzz. So there's Buzz and B Peep and Woody. >> So cool. Not in that order. Buzz, Woody, B Peep. That's the order. That's pretty cool. >> You did see it. That's right, David. Very good. All right, let's go over here real quick. >> I feel like I got bit by something. That's weird. We have to see all >> There's a sheep. Sheep. Sheep. Sheep. >> Oh, cool. That's cool. J, >> I don't know much about that. I'm sure it's a movie or TV show or something. David, you're too funny. There you go. All right, let's go back up. Love the monkeys on the tree there. That's really cool. It looked like he was zip tied up there. >> We're going to wrap it up here pretty soon, but let's watch one more show. Still snow in New Hampshire. That sounds wrong. I mean, like like I believe you, but it sounds like that shouldn't be that that should just be illegal. All right, >> let's go over here because the speaker's not good over there. >> Three minutes and we're finally starting to clear out a little bit. That's good. Hopefully Disney can see this. This is a successful thing because it doesn't keep people in the park any longer. It's not like people are just hanging out. I saw a couple people watch the shows and then immediately when it's over, they go. So, it's totally fine to do this. I think it's great. Keep doing it. Hopefully, till at least 10, maybe 10:30. I'm new here, but I just wanted to say how happy I am that this live stream is here. This is the best way to end the night. Oh, that's awesome, Ashley. Welcome. That's right. Five-legged goat at Contemporary and Triple Sheep. Yeah, triple sheep at Epcot. That's right. We still had snow in Connecticut 3 weeks ago. Yikes. >> I remember in uh March getting snow even in Indiana sometimes. Hi. >> Hi. >> 2 minutes. >> Where? >> You were just talking about having snow in Connecticut and other cast. >> Yeah. No, I saw him climbing in there and I was like, "What's he doing?" And then Yeah. No, he's a cast member. He's He's a maintenance worker. >> Okay. >> He's fixing one of the lights, it looks like. >> Yeah. Yep. One minute. One minute. >> Which one do you think it is? >> I don't know. It's either a recycle back to um >> I hope it's the Epcot one. The the the um >> Yeah, Epcot Forever thing. The 40th. Yeah, I hope it's that one. >> I hope they bring back the original Figment for the 45th anniversary. >> Be amazing. >> How cool would that be? >> I know. I love the shirts, so we'll see what they do with it after that. That's my prediction. >> Yeah. 2.0. They can't bring back the original for you. >> Yep. >> Yeah. Mr. Master, I'm usually tired on Friday nights cuz I get up at 5:30. So, it's a long day. >> Oh. Um, awesome. Hella poised. He's leaving in three four days. Have fun. Here we go. See what it is. Incanto again. Yep. What else can I do? So, I guess that's all there. >> It's the only three shows that they're doing. >> Oh, well. >> So, they they put the 40th anniversary show back after um Flower and Garden's over >> during the summer. Yeah. >> Too bad they can do more than three shows. >> Yeah. >> Wonder. I understand Colors of the Wind. Why that is? But I don't understand why this one is flower and garden. >> I mean, one year they had conduit out there. >> Yeah, they're talking about roses. >> Maybe that's what it is. >> What else can I do? creepy. >> Oh, that's great, Blair. I'm so glad that you're part of the community. >> Oh, that makes sense, Alexis. Okay. >> Her gift from the movie, it's Isabella. And her gift from the movie is making flowers. Okay, that makes sense. Okay, here's a question. Since we've seen this before, we can talk, right? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. >> Okay. >> So, you know how some of the lights are out or whatever? They're not doing the thing. >> So, do you think each light is numbered? And they're like number five, 2, three, seven. >> Oh, I'm sure they're numbered. >> You know what I mean? >> And actually, when they're going to replace them, I bet somebody can come out here with some kind of console and push certain individual buttons. Oh, it's because this is the scene in the movie where the sister discovers her flower power. Okay, cool. >> We don't usually talk during shows, but we've already seen this one once today. >> I need to watch the movie again, I guess. It's been a while. >> It's a great movie. >> Yep. Christmas to you. Well, there you have it. >> There you have it. >> Well, I'd say that's a wrap. Thanks for watching. Uh, let's talk about our platinum members. Thank you, moppers. Thank you, hoppers. Thank you all members. Thank you to um >> Patreon. >> Patreon members, everybody. We appreciate it very very much. >> Yes, we do. >> Thanks guys for watching. >> Let's see if I can find it here. >> Bob and the like, all the things. It really helps. >> Yep. >> We appreciate it. >> So, platinum members support us with $50 a month and we we appreciate it. They get recognized every live stream. Appreciate you guys so much. Haley Noel Blanc, Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy 1, Stephanie Mertz, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jayla Moxley, Cicandra, Donnie, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you to all of our platinum members. >> Thank you. Thank you. >> By the light. By the light. By the light. >> Yep, I can do it. I had to move the the ear. >> There we go. Dark. >> It's so dark. Let's >> go turn off the light. >> We don't know. >> All right, everybody. Well, thank you for watching. I'll be live tomorrow. I I I did the Buzz Light your thing at 10:00. So, I changed that one. So, you can watch that video at 10:00. Uh, but I'll be live tomorrow at um at um at 600. Yeah, that one. >> I can do it from any angle. So anyway, so thank you for watching and we will definitely see you tomorrow at 6. >> Yep. Josh will see you then. I will see you uh Monday morning for Magical Monday. Well, actually stay tuned cuz there's a chance for rain. So I'm going to like kind of play with a ton. Hopefully in the morning >> have your notification bells on. Also Sunday I have a Disney Springs vlog right here on this channel. 9:00 a.m. >> Sunday Disney Springs. >> So if you're, you know, done with all your Easter festivities, go check it out. >> There you go. All right. So, um, are you streaming tomorrow for everybody? Yeah, for sure. >> Yep. That's what I was just saying. Yep. At 6 o'clock. Okay. >> Always for everybody. >> Always for everybody. Yep. We don't do any for for nobody. No. >> Or for several. >> I mean, if nobody's watching, it'd be nobody. >> Yeah, that's true. All right. Well, we'll see you soon. Do you see that? >> Thanks, everybody. Oh, hey, James. Thanks. All right. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Thank you so much. I've never been
