---
video_id: CDlEIX3EuZQ
channel: ResortTV1
title: "What's New at Disney Springs - April 2026 - New Merchandise, Unboxing & More - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-04-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDlEIX3EuZQ
---
Hey guys, this is Jenna with Resort TV1. Today we are here at Disney Springs and it's a new month. It's April, so I'm excited to go check out what's new. Um, I've seen a lot of things in the shops, so I can't wait to show it all to you guys and uh just everything else around Disney Springs. So, you guys ready to go shopping? Let's go. Let's head into World of Disney to see what's new. >> Always got to start in World of Disney. All the backpacks are still up front. >> So many bags. I love it. Oh, I did spot something new though for the 4th of July, Memorial Day weekend, anytime really. I love this. Okay, this is amazing. It's $49.99. Nice sweatshirt. Might be too warm for here in the summer, but you know, maybe other places in the country you can wear it. Okay, so they've had these bags for a while, which I love. Very Tokyo. I just wish they had them in a couple other colors, but I do like these. Um, but I think these are newish. Maybe they've had these before. Um, I'm not seeing the price on them, but they do have them in the same black and tan color. Well, I know they have a ton of new t-shirts in, so let's start over here with t-shirts. I already see one I need. Yep. at the cart. They have it in extra small, but Yep, they sure do. All right, at the cart. It's so cute. Oh, here it is. I love it. There's a couple new ones. So, they have magical mom and awesome dad. These are so cute for any time of year, of course, but definitely with Father's Day and Mother's Day coming up. These are adorable. I love the Dalmatian and little R. So cute. And of course, all the dads, Belle and her dad, Goofy and Max. These are awesome. One thing I do want to point out about the t-shirts is they have raised the prices. Um, so they were $29.99 each. Um, but if you bought two, they were $25.99 each and now they're $29.99 each when you buy two. Originally, if you just buy one, $ 32.99. So, the prices have gone up. >> They have a Liberty Freedom one here. Love the gray color. Mickey. So cute. And then they have um a Mickey baseball tea. Loving that one as well. Like the red color. They have a new Donald shirt. The one and only Donald Duck. And he's in a race car here. Okay, that is adorable. And then they have uh Minnie and Mickey with their Walt Disney World flags. Mickey. There's Minnie. These would be cute matching couple shirts. And then we've got Head Chef with Remy. >> Oh, no. They have a shirt that matches. >> Got more new t-shirts here. So, we've got the uh Walt Disney World, you know, Fourth of July, Memorial Day, whichever you want to wear it for, they've got it here. Doesn't they have Doesn't look like they have an extra small, though. So, uh, that's too bad cuz I thought about picking this up today. Really like this shirt, though. And then here's another new one. It's, uh, May the Force be with you. Oh, that says Disneyland. That's funny. I got the wrong signage. Um, but I'm sure these say Disney World. Yep. Whoa. Disney World. So, there we go. That's funny. But I do really like that shirt. Uh, this one's been around for a while, but this gray one is new. And this is what it looks like. You've got the um cast member making the water magic, water art, whatever you want to call it, there on Main Street with the castle in the background. Love that. >> There's a couple other new ones. So, we've got um because I'm a lady Marie and then original Mickey. Can I get a boop beep boop? I'm loving that one too with R2-D2. And this one's new, too. Hudson Hudson Hornet. It's hard to say. Um, we're getting a lot more Cars stuff. Got a Lightning McQueen one as well. This is a cool one. Couple more new ones. We've got um Minnie and Daisy being cowg girls. Super adorable. And then this is a new one, too. Okay, I might have to get this one. These are all the sidekicks, which I love all of them. That is adorable. Oh, and this is another new one I thought about getting as well. Uh, with all the princesses in front of the castle. Adorable. Got football here. Is Mickey playing football or soccer. Chip and Dale. Very collegic. I wonder if Dale would like that one. Uh, Monsters, Ink. These are really nice material, too, by the way. Oh, and this uh Buzz Lightyear one is fairly new as well. Oh, and it's all Toy Story, not just Buzz. Awesome. One more new one. I don't think I've seen this one. The Silly Symphonies. I like the color of this one. And I like the retro vibes. Couple more new ones. Class of 2026 with Winnie the Pooh graduating. I love it. And then we've got another Phineas and Verb. Enemy enemy of evil doers. Okay, that's cool. And you can see Perry the platypus. That's pretty cool. We have some new um Roosevelt shirts. And I am absolutely loving this one with all of the characters on here. You've got the dogs from Pirates. You've got Sunny Clips, the hippo. Oh my goodness, this is amazing. Um a little actually a little pricey. Yeah, $80, but super nice material. We also have the new Toy Story one over here with the whole gang on it. And then it looks like we've got a um Star Wars one here. I like that one too. Super fun. It's a new guy's um I don't know. Polo. I guess it's $69.99. I don't know if it's supposed to be like soccer themed. Let me know in the comments. I'm not sure. Um but I like the Rebel Alliance one. Okay, this is like a baseball jersey. I do know that. That's what the back looks like. Oh, that's cool. And then there's this one, too. Imperials. Got to have both, right? See um how much these are. They are $79.99. This is a new tea. It says uh Tank Gang there from Nemo. $ 36.99. It's a little bit thicker, but it's a nice shirt. I think I showed this the last time, but I still really like this hoodie. And mine my minds $64.99. I believe this one's new with Baymax. That's so cute. $36.99 for that. Oh, even on the back there is Baymax emoji. >> We also have this new Doug shirt. Loving this one as well. friend to all. Best explorer for sure for $36.99. All right, so I spotted in New Jersey. They have all the princesses ones, Mickey and Minnie, but now they have a Buzz Lightyear one. Okay, I am really liking this. It's be perfect for the opening. So Buzz Lightyear, the new ride opening soon. So 79.99 for that. There's a couple new tank tops here. And I would say these are more guy tank tops. They look like a guy fit. They're $34.99. We've got Grumpy saying hello. And a Star Wars one here as well. Super fun playing on the back. And there is a couple more over here. Oh, we've got Winnie the Poo. Again, $34.99 for these. And then we have Baymax. I love these. Again, $34.99. All right, we're heading into this section. A lot of it is the same that we've seen, but let's see if we can find anything new. I think I showed this last time, but we do have a new Stitch backpack. I really wish they would get these in the smaller size, and I would totally buy one. $59.99. These are just too big, and they get heavy. They're nice bags, though. Be a great school backpack. We also have the fanny pack hip pack with Stitchy. $39.99. And these are the ones that um hold your ears backpack, too. This is new. We've got Stitch and Angel on a bucket hat. I'm pretty sure it's for kiddos cuz it's pretty small. It's $26.99. And then there is a kiddo tank top with Angel that would match the bucket hat. $34.99. It's got that cute sequence on it. I love it. Oh, eyes open or eyes closed. Okay, that's adorable. This is also new. Stitching angel again. Cute little purse. It's 70 or sorry, not 70. $24.99. Much better. And it does have the side strap if you don't want to carry it. Adorable on the back. Yep. I am loving this little kiddo shirt with all the different stitches all over it. Um, it is $29.99 for that. They have a couple window decals. Here's one. This one's sparkly. And then we've got this one. I love this one. So, $9.99 for both of them. I found another new kiddo stitchy shirt. Oh my goodness, this is adorable. The ear sticks out on the shirt. It is nicely embroidered. says stitch on the bottom. $34.99. That's so cute. This is new. Oh my goodness. Look at Grou. So cute. Says Walt Disney World across the arms and the back and the front just has the green Disney World D. How much it is? $89.99. But that is a nice hoodie. Heading over to the kitchen section. I know they've got some new things. All of this over in uh the co-op. So, we might well show some to you now. Might as well. Right. We've got the uh it's all like a new fruit line that they have. But this is a cute little Mickey orange plate. See, it's $29.99. Aren't you glad they came out with this line? I had to. They also have the uh picture frame for $39.99. a Mickey orange pillow. I love this. It is $39.99 for this pillow. That is adorable. I like that a lot. And then this also goes with the new line for $39.99. Got a wine bottle stopper here. The Mickey Orange for $19.99. She salt and pepper shaker. We got an orange and a strawberry. $29.99. It's like they're in a little basket. And then a set of four glasses. And they are glass. Or $34.99. Wow, so many new things. A new orange cup, a fruit, I guess you should say. Oh, look at the strawberry topper. Straw topper. Um Oh, $59.99. But it does have that little pouch on the front. And then we've got the uh strawberry dish towel for $19.99. Got a couple mugs. Oh my goodness, this one is so cute. Wilderness must be explored. Adventure awaits. Okay, that's adorable. Charting a course to adventure. Uh Dale and I might need that for our channel. Adventures out there, you know. Go subscribe over to Adventures of Jando if you haven't already. 1999. Have a cute Simba mug. 1999. That's cool on the back. And then a uh mug. >> Love it. 1989. I don't think anything is new back here. Um, it is getting very, very busy in here. It is Easter week. Um, but yeah, we'll see what we can find. These are fairly new, I think. All the little characters. Love it. Bigger characters, actually. They're $54.99. Oh my goodness. A brand new line of Pandora charms, and they're so stinking cute. We've got Doug from Up Lady from Lady in the We've got uh I'm not sure which Dalmatian this is, but he is adorable from 101 Dalmatians. And then we've got Aristocrats, Dina, and her kittens. Ah, I kind of want one of each. Add to cart. We have another new t-shirt. So many new shirts and things. Love this one. All All four parks. Florida. Makes me think of, you know, Taylor Swift. Florida. Love it. $39.99. It is plain on the back. It is that wider cut fit. Um, this is a small, but very cute. There's another new one. If this wasn't that wider cut fit. These just don't look the best on me, I would be buying this cuz this is adorable. And I love Ariel. She's my favorite princess. Um, $36.99 for that. Love the pink color as well. I believe this is a new one. The back is really cute. Looks like it's got the park nap. Uh $39.99. They do have the brand new Baymax ears here. $36.99 for these. If I can get them off to show you. These are adorable. I almost bought them. They've got Baymax and Mochi on the bow. Look at his little face. They're so cute. $36.99. We also have a Bay Max hoodie. Loving this down here. Look at this. Oh my goodness. So cute. Um $69.99 for that. It is Oh, has a little detail there on the back like they have some more sparkly bling bling t-shirts. I'm loving Thumper. You don't see Thumper very often, and I love Thumper. Uh, this is $46.99. You are paying for the bling bling. We have This is a different cut as you can tell, but I do love it. Um, it's very '90s figment bling bling. Uh, $46.99. Again, uh, this one is more of a crop top. It's very short. Sorry, the lighting's bad, but it's really cute. Another new one. We've got Marie with the pink. Oh my goodness, she's so cute. bling bling on there. It is $46.99. Hang on. I thought these were ears I've seen before, but they are not. These are brand new Minnie Mouse ears. They are very lightweight, and I'm loving the sequins or the rhinestones, whatever you want to call it, on the side, back. Wow, look at that sparkle. Oh my goodness. I hope it's coming through on the camera. These are $46.99. Not Babel Bar, not >> Loungefly, just Disney. Again, we're paying for the bling bling. Here's some more new ears. You've got Mickey heads on this one on a black fan. They are Loungefly and they are fairly heavy. They do have um the teeth there to hold them on your head. $46.99. They're really cute though. My goodness, they're hitting it out of the park with all the ears. Okay, I have not seen these in person yet. These are beautiful. Oh, wait. I did see these. I'm sorry. Animal Kingdom. I forgot. But they are so pretty. They're $36.99. Love the bow. Love Simba on there. Wow. Gorgeous. And then we have the new orange ears. Aren't you glad they came out with these? $36.99 for these. These are beautiful. I like those a lot. I love the bow. And they finally got the Stitchy ears here at World of Disney. I had to have these. They're amazing. Stitch and Angel. And this bow is beautiful. And I love the flower details. $36.99. All right, we have something else new. And this was an add toart immediately for me. Um, so these are window clings. So you see he's got his little suctions on his on his front two pants. Uh, 1999. You stick it on your window and it looks like he's licking the window. I mean, come on. Wait. And there's also a Lightning McQueen one. You stick it on the front here and it looks like again working the window. That is so cute. 1999. These are new, too. Got a little Mickey and Minnie and all the character little ducks. Mickey, Angel, Minnie Mouse, Winnie the Poo, and Tiger 2. Uh, but no Stitch. Stitch be gone. He's sold out. See how much these are. Um, they are mint. So that means $11.99. That's not bad. They have some new magnet hand characters and I'm so glad they've got a Donald. Look at him. Oh my goodness. He's so cute. So, these are teal. See if we can find a price. They also have Pluto. I'm going to have to get him. Look at him. So, yeah, their front little paws are magnet so you can attach them to your bag or anything. Um, they had Mickey and Minnie. So, I don't think these are new. Oops. As I dropped Minnie, I don't think. Oh, their heads are magnet. No way. Okay, that's cool. You can put them on your fridge. Um, so we've got Mickey and Minnie. We've got Luffy. So cute. We've got Laco Bear. I haven't seen him. He's new. Loving that. Got Simba over here. That's a new one. Marie. She's so cute. We have Tigger. He's also a new one. Loving Tigger. And I believe Eeyore has been here before. Unless he's a new one. Let me know in the comments. Winnie is the same, but he's cute. I do have him. And oh, we've got um Squirt Olaf. I have him. And uh is it Bernie? Forget his name from Frozen. And the alien. Also cute. >> Well, we have some brand new Wishables and they are cars themed. Oh my goodness. You can get any of these. Love that. Contains one of five. And I don't Okay, so yeah. So, this is all five that you can get. Forget how much these are. And I bought them. Are they $17.99? I think here's some of them out of the packaging. >> 17.99. These are all brand new. So, we have magnets for your car. All right. We've got Mickey Mouse on board. Oh, Baymax. He's so cute. Got the whole thing. Got Disney World. Oh, I'm liking that one, too. Academator, some Star Wars ones. This one's cool. No, the car is this way. And then we've got some uh Tim Possible >> and High School Musical. >> How much are these? mint. Little mint is again $11.99 each. Another new thing that they got and I am so excited about are the ears keychains. So, they've had these in Tokyo forever. Finally got them here in Walt Disney World. So, they've got so many options, too. I had to get a couple. So, they've got the, you know, regular Minnie Mouse ones. I got those. Got the rose gold. I'm debating these. We've got the plain black Mickey ones, which I've seen people get personalized, which I think is a great idea. And the haunted mint ones. Definitely check your ears cuz they're not all like regular ears. Some of the bows are better than others. Um, some are a little wonky, but they're really cute. Um, there's one more pair that I had to get as well. Here they are. These are the first ones that just came out. They So, this one's $16.99. These are also $16.99. Put a Mickey hand, too. Adorable. All right, World of Disney is done. Let's go over to the co-op. See what's new over there. I want to go in the blind box store as well. It is very crowded here today, but I figured it would be. It is after 12, so 12:00 noon. All right, let's do some more shopping. Lot of new things. I'm loving it. Hi, Stitchy. You spitting at people today? Are you doing a good job, buddy? Sure you are. You always do. Into the co-op we go. Not quite as busy in here today. All right, let's see what new things they have. Oh boy. Oh boy. Well, they do have some new ones. And oh my goodness. Okay, this is amazing. Look at these. Um, yeah, I don't even know how much they are, but I'm adding to cart like right away. Look at him with the birds. Oh my goodness, the bat. The bees. Okay, they're just so cute. I might need to. These are new. These are $16.99. Definitely need to add to cart. Don't even care which one I get. They're all adorable. And then they've got these new Winnie the Pooh ones. Oh my goodness. Look at this one. I want this one >> again. I don't know how much these are. I don't see a price tag. >> Called the Honey Crew. So, here's another new one with Lots Bear. So, if you are a fan of Lzo Bear, I'm not, but you know, some people are. This is a Pop Mart one. They are $19.99 for these guys. And then they've got the Chip and Dale ones back in stock. I did get one of these. 1999. Um, which one? Let's see. I think we got We got this one where they're playing music. Aren't they adorable? I really wanted this one. They're all cute. These are new as well. These are so cute. Look at these. Oh my goodness. I love this one with Mickey and the airplane. Chip and Dale. Daisy Donald. We even have Scrooge McDuck. These are from PopMart. These are $19.99. So fun. Um, we've got Pinocchio one over here. Remember seeing this one the last time. And all the different Mickey's that you can get as well. So fun. $19.99. They do have these Stitchies back in stock. They're $19.99. I got the uh yellow one in the back. I really wanted that one. And they still have the Stitch Tron ones as well. Goodness. I don't know. I might need two of these. These are so stinking cute. These are fun, too, though. Um, so I think these are $16.99. And she told me these are $14.99. This one. And Winnie the Pooh. $14.99. They still have all these little guys, the cubes. They're $13.99. They're so fun. >> So cute. They do have the fruit stuff here as well, but we didn't see the Mickey fruit hat. That is really fun. Oh my goodness. Um, says fresh from Walt Disney World on the back. It is $32.99. And we didn't see the throw blanket either. This is really nice. Not seeing a price on it, but that's really cute. Oh, in the cup. Oh my goodness, this cup is amazing. Look at this cup. That is so fun. 1999. We always have to come and check to see if Duffy is still here. Duffy is still here. Hi, my friend Duffy. So cute. And I didn't see these either. So, we've got some uh keychains or bag charms, whatever you want them to be. We've got cherry. We've got Mickey pineapple. And we've got a Nikki orange. So fun. Not seen a price on these. They are red, whatever that is. This is a new dish towel. We got practically perfect in every way. Mary Poppins. It is $19.99 for this. Very nice decorative towel. Got a couple more uh mugs. This one's really pretty. I love the colors on this one. It's 1989. I saw the Wilderness Explorer one. We have got a boot. Oh my goodness. From Toy Story. It does say Andy on the bottom. It's hard to see with the tag, but it does. It's $24.99. That is a heavy mug. And then we have Buzz Lightyear like he's in his packaging. Okay, that's cool. $24.99. Look at the bottom. Oh my word. Look at the back. It's like the back of a of his box. Official proof of purchase. I'll let you here. It says, "Oh my goodness, that is so cute." And then we've got Carl from Up, or as dad likes to call him, old guy. Got the grape soda there on the handle. His hair in the back. $24.99. Again, a really big mug. They have some more t-shirts in here. A lot of them I've seen, except for a Goofy Movie one. That one's really cute. I like that. I'm not sure I've seen this one either. Troopers. This is new. We've got Marie says main character energy. Super cute ribbed tank top for $34.99. And then we've got the uh I live in fantasy land one as well. Love these. Okay, these are amazing. Um I saw these in Magic Kingdom. They're just more for, you know, being cute than anything cuz you're not going to fit a lot in there. But it is so cute. It's $100. It is a Loungefly bag and it does light up. This lights up, which is super fun. But yeah, adorable. More for a cute outfit. Here's a new bag as well. One of the mini bags. We've got a Donald one. These are more practical, I think, for me. Anyway, the big ones are cute, just not very practical. These $34.99. I love it. Well, we're in the pin shop. This is a new one. I love this one with the Montreal Magic Kingdom. It is yellow. Got this lanyard one. princess one >> and orange bird. >> This one's new. It's a Germany one. We've got uh the three caviaros. Okay, that is amazing. We've got a new up. We also have some new uh Bayax ones. Lovely. Oh my goodness, they're so cute. Oh, look at the lady in the tarmac ones. Some really cute pens. Oh, and they've seen new wedding ones. Adorable. Well, it's getting really dark. I think the rain is about to come in. >> So, I'm trying to figure out where to go get some lunch so I can take shelter. We'll see. I don't know. So, there's a couple more stores I want to see before we head out and maybe a treat. I don't know. But first, food and shelter. I'm thinking about heading towards Starbucks on the other side. Oh, it's already starting to sprinkle. Oh no. So, I can be inside, but I'm not sure I'm going to make it. So, we're just going to go to World of Disney and hang out. Oh my goodness. I forgot an umbrella. Silly rookie mistake. Well, we waited a little bit inside of World Disney because it was raining harder. It's not raining as hard now. So, I'm hoping we can make it over to the other side, but there are a lot of shops we can duck in if we need to. All right. Well, let's head into Ever After. See if they have anything new. Okay. So, here are the new things that just came out. So, we've got the new rainbow um really cute headband. It's $11.99. Gives me like sherbet vibes and I love it. And then they have these brand new blind box uh mystery ears plush. So, there's two mysteries. Um but the other ones are Mickey, Donald, Winnie the Pooh, Minnie, and Stitch. And uh here's what they look like. A few of them. I already opened some on a live stream, so if you missed it, go back and check it out. They've got a ton. They are 13.99 per box, so not a bad deal. Um, and I did get a couple. So, you got to go watch that live stream from Magic Kingdom on a whimsical day. They do have Mickey Safari Mini and the gold ones as well. I love that they have a different headband. Here's something new. We have a dainty bag. Okay, this is cute. >> $34.99 on the back, but that's a nice tote bag. So, they had all these cherry blossom ones before, but these are brand new. And oh my goodness, they're adorable. So, we've got cute little bee poo beey. We've got Chip and Dale. Pascal, look at him. We've got Rapunzel. Olaf, he's so cute. And Spin, look at him. These are $19.99 each. Well, it is still raining. Coming down a little harder every once in a while, and then sometimes it's just sprinkly. We're making our way over. At least we'll get a little reprieve under here. It could be way worse. Silly me forgetting my umbrella. Well, we have a couple new Toy Story things in here that we I had to show on my way over to Starbucks. They have a Pizza Planet Spirit jersey. And oh my word, this is amazing. It's $79.99. The front says pretty plain. The back The back is so stinking cute. I love that. That caught my eye right away. We also have this nice plastic cups roundup $27.99. And then this nice um Toy Story button-up shirt $69.99. It is Disney. It's not Roosevelt's. We also have this nice shirt to go along with the whole collection. This one is >> $36.99. Well, I got to duck into Starbucks. Just had some egg bites. Nothing fancy. That's why I didn't film it. But I'm going to head back this way. So, I want to go to the Dole place and the candy shop to see if there's any new treats. We can even walk by the Gideon's line. See what it looks like. Probably really long though. All right, walking by the Gideonss now. And uh smells amazing. what the line looks like. It's pretty liny. It's pretty liny. Probably pass that today. Well, here's what they have. And I'm loving the art on this. Oh my goodness. So pretty. Um, but it looks like they have What is the new cookie? I'm not finding it. But oh, banana bread chocolate chip. I think that's the new one. Is that the new one? I don't know. I'm not finding the new one, but maybe that's it. Oh, right here. It's in front of my face. The peanut butter chocolate swirl. Oh my goodness. I need coffee apparently. I did not get any coffee while we were at Starbucks. Looks like we're going to be clear for a while. There is another chance of rain in about 30 minutes, 20 minutes, something like that. But making our way to Swirls on the Water, I think is what it's called. Doesn't look like it's any different from what we saw last time, but it does look good. Still want to try that, but it would be way too much for me to eat, >> but it sounds amazing. All right, we're in Di's Candy Co. Well, there was nothing new in there either, so I didn't even show you guys, but uh same stuff as last time, but still looked delicious. Piano. Roman piano. song reminds me of friends. >> I'm going to make my way back out to the car. Um, which I parked in lime. It's open again. But Stitch is sitting over here, but he is not making it rain. It is raining again. Got to love this weather. Oh my goodness. Sun, rain. >> Got to love Florida. All right. Well, I stopped by mom and dad's, as you can tell. And uh there it was so busy at Springs, I thought, let's just come back here and do some unboxings. And I got mom one to unbox as well. I knew she needed the Winnie the Pooh one cuz it is adorable. And uh I almost got one for me cuz it's so cute. Um but there's several to get. The one I think Oh, it's the rare one. Of course, the one that I really wanted is cuz Piglet's my favorite. Winnie the Pooh and Piglet. that. >> They're all cute, though. So, >> a lot of people are gonna want that. >> Yeah. And it's the rare one, >> but they're all so cute. Which one do you think's the cutest? >> Oh, goodness. >> Oh, they're also cute. >> All of them, right? This one's I think >> guardian. Gardening. So, I thought of you. >> Oh, yeah. That's cute. >> Yeah, >> definitely. >> But anyway, so these are the ones you can get. >> So, you want to open it? She was trying to open it before I hit record and I was like, wait. It's like I told her, I'm just a big kid with wrinkles. >> That's right. What wrinkles? I don't know. >> Oh, yeah. >> Thanks. >> I'm on the good list. >> Good list. >> Okay. So, there's a stand in there. That's what that is. >> All right. Let's see what she gets. >> She is. >> I think there's a little tear guy, but thank you. There >> is. >> Dad brought scissors just in case. >> That's not bad. No, good. Sometimes I really got her. Yeah, you never know. All right. There was so many new uh blind boxes today. I was like, "Oh boy, I'm in trouble." Those blind boxes, they get me. >> Which one did you get? Oh my goodness. Poo bear. >> Oh my word. >> Relaxing. Getting his face done. >> It's like It's like his little squat day. >> Yeah, that's right. >> A look at him. Oh my goodness, he is adorable. He's on this cute little like bean bag thing. >> There's even like little poofies in there. Oh my goodness. He's got his Okay, did you notice he has his cucumbers on his eyes, but look, he's eating one of them. >> Yeah, >> it's super cute. >> These are kind of >> I know what to do with them, >> right? You eat them. Look at his little tongue. Oh my goodness. So cute. And then this is the base that it goes on. So you just plop it on there and >> you're good to go. >> Yeah. >> There you go. A You got a good one, Mom. That's so cute. >> I did. >> Awesome. >> Yep. >> All right. Well, now I have some to unbox. >> Um let's see. Let's do this one first. >> They're both really fun. So this one is freshpicked. So it's vinyl plush. Um, so the faces, you know, are the vinyl and then the plush is the body. So these are the ones that you can get. Um, they're all cute. I really don't care which one I get, but I guess if I had to pick, I'd want either Pua or Marie or Eeyore, but they're all cute. Winnie the Pooh's in there, too. >> Okay. They just got these, I guess, today or yesterday or something like that. Like they'll be gone fast. Yeah, they kind of fun, but yeah, they might be. He might be going fast. Oh, who did I get? What did I get? I think I got the treasure cat. Oh my goodness. Okay, he's cute. >> He is very cute. >> And he's a pineapple. Okay, that's adorable. >> And you can hook him onto your bag. >> Yeah, that is really cute. >> Super fun. All right. Very cute. He's got like crazy eyes as you know the cheshure cat does. >> Yeah. Well, yeah. Oh, super fun. >> All right, >> now this one. >> This one I think these came from like the same brand or whatever cuz they kind of look similar. They were also the same price. >> Um, but okay, these are different scenes and I showed you guys in the store as well that you could get with Stitchy. Um, >> they're all really cute, so I don't really care. But I really like the one where he's on the park bench and he's eating and the birds want his food and he's like, "No." But they're all cute and you can't go wrong cuz it's Stitch. >> All right, let's move. I got a big bag like mom. Mhm. This is from Happy Hall. So, let's see. Bigger. >> Yeah, mine's got maybe more parts to it. I don't know. We're going to find out. I think so. We're going to find out. All right. Who did I get? No way. I got the park bench one. Oh. Okay, here. That is fun. All right, let's see what's in this one. >> Oh my goodness, it's Stitchy. He's so cute. He's so cute. >> And then we got Mom. >> What's in this one? Oh, when the air comes on. >> Okay, so we've got a lamp post. >> Oh my goodness. a bird with a little bread. He's got like bread around his little head and then stitchy. >> It's a little pigeon. >> Yeah, they're pigeons. Yeah. So, let me put this together and I'll show you guys. >> All right, I put it together and Oh my goodness, it's so stinking cute. Okay, this is the one. Yeah, I really like this one. I mean, they're all cute, but I really think this is adorable. Look at his little face. He's like, "Nope, you may not have it." Oh, Stitchy. >> So, um I Yeah, like I said, I think these are from the same brand. Um at least that's what it looked like. I don't know. Happy haul, I think, is what it's called. And they just got these in. >> Mhm. And then dad's here, too. >> Oh, yeah. >> And uh I got them an Easter gift. So, dad got the little hat. I got that. I thought And I got mom the one poo. So, >> happy Easter. >> Thank you. Happy Easter. >> I thought dad would like that hat. >> Fresh from Disney. It's got a little citr. I do. I love it. Yeah. The blue. But I like that. I like the citrus on you. >> It looked like a dad hat. >> It is. >> Well, hope you guys enjoyed checking out our unboxing and I hope you enjoyed Disney Springs with me today. So many new things. And you got to see mom and dad as well. >> One of us wants to go back. >> Yeah, mom's ready to go pick out some more blind boxes. I told her I'm ready whenever. It's not raining anymore. >> But um hope you guys enjoyed it. Make sure you check out all of our awesome sponsors. Links are down below in the description of the video. We'll see you guys soon. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Byebye. >> Go check out our sponsors mikblog.com and miktras.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning advice. Mickeyas.com to book your next trip to Disney. Also, resortvomes.com. If you're wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resorttv1homes.com. Brokered by EXP Realy. go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realator for you in the area that you're looking. And our last sponsor, David Vacation Club Rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. If you're wanting to book a stay at a Disney Deluxe Villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out again at dbcrequest.com/tv. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
