---
video_id: Udx-BuCKUT4
channel: ResortTV1
title: "TTA Peoplemover at Night with Spaace Mountain Lights On - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-03-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Udx-BuCKUT4
---
Enjoy your journey. This is the TTA blue line non-stop service. >> Greetings, interdelastic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Borak 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow. Hey, my stars is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to monster lamps, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please. Thank you. Next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders. Transfer to Green and Red Lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future right by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny OAC. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy, except actual stars. Those are water. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Life Cycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Galaxy M31, please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing vehicles clear of vehicles. Thank you. This is Starport 75 or as we always call it, Space Moon. Our high-speed rocket port to distant deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral booms of Icy 7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Book today. Heat. Heat. I remembering Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all from the exit line. Please keep all passengers cross vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so is the Carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great and make beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. 1 hour 9. Take the time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life farms, our people mover journey has nearly come full orbit. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you here. And even though we conclude, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow today. See you in the future. This is the GTA blue line service around. Please keep arms and timmy and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms, titty, and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically.
