---
video_id: r1a1SjvrYrQ
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Whimsical Wednesday at Animal Kingdom - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 2-25-26"
published: 2026-02-25
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1a1SjvrYrQ
---
Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live today for Whimsical Wednesday here at Animal Kingdom. Welcome in guys, Jambo. Everyone, before we get too far into the video, want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you are following us on all of the social media. We're Resort TV1 on all the things. Welcome in, guys. All right, let's get this party started. Hello, Julie, Edwin, Emara, Leslie. Do you guys hear all the squeaking? It's the otter. So, let's go over and see if we can see them. But first, let me tell you who is with me today. Sharon and Jesse. So, we're going to have a good girls day today. Yay. She's back. >> We're going to do the princess race soon. And we're not going to be princesses this time. >> No, no, >> we're going to be her brothers. >> Trouble makers. >> Troublemakers. I love that. I can't wait. So, um, tomorrow is the expo. Friday is our race. And it's going to be awesome. And oh, they stopped. They stopped. Did they let them in? Let's go see if we can see them. Oh, and we're doing a picture. A, it's a doggy. Welcome in. Hi, Ryan. Hi, Figment Vision. Hey, Logan. That's right. Girls just want to have fun. Hi, Lisa. Noel. All right, we're going to go this way. See if we can see these otterters, even though they they quit talking. Hey, Mega Byron. How are you today? >> Thanks for joining us on this whimsical Wednesday. >> Hello, Christopher. Hey, Mega Nerd. Hey, Miss Disney fan. >> Brazil, >> right? Where'd they go? >> You have otter in Brazil. You got the biggest ones. >> The giant otter live in the >> I'm assuming they may maybe let him back in because otter. Yeah. Here. Otter. Otter. Otter. Hi Bonnie. >> Our Asian small claw otter. I think they might have just stepped inside for a second. >> Uhhuh. You can't hear them anymore, right? >> We saw their keeper and they're really excited getting their lunch. So that's why they were chittering, but I think they're backstage having a snack and back out in a couple. >> Okay, sounds good. I get excited for snacks, too. >> I love that. >> Where are you from? >> Hey, Smooth Joy. >> Hello, Benjamin. Hello, Tiky Man fan. Gary, hello. Doing well. Ticker tail John. I just spent the morning walking in Banker Hill. Oh, very nice. Very nice. Hello, Sandy Pandy. So, guys, share out the stream. Let everybody know we are live today here in Animal Kingdom. We're going to head back this way and maybe So, we're either going to go on an animal trail or we're going to go on safari. One of the two. And uh we'll do them all. So, we're going to try to do the safari today. See what the weight is. You ought to know they get excited for snacks. That's right. That is right. But it is a gorgeous day today. It was chilly this morning, but it is supposed to get up to 70 today, which I am here for. I cannot wait. Hi, Sapphire Sooner. Hi, Alycats. I'm not a huge fan of Everest, so I don't know if we'll ride that today or not. That one makes me a little queasy. I'm sorry. Safari's 30. Okay, so maybe we'll wait a minute and we'll go do some animal trails and then we'll circle back and maybe it'll get better. >> But we did go to uh we did go to Starbucks already. >> All right, so they said that Safari is 30 now. So maybe we'll go do Gorilla Trail and then circle back and see if it calms down a little bit. But Starbucks isn't long, so that's nice. Always love it when there's no line there. Hi, Disney fan. I think the Tamarind monkeys are out, too. So, let's see if we can spot them. >> Oh, yeah. There's one on the roof. Sunning. A They're so cute. Look at them. I love them so much. So, >> oh, look at him stretch. >> There's an arm in the sun. My >> Oh my goodness. A one must be daddy and one's the Oh, he's going to look for little bugs. >> You got bugs. >> Let me groom you. >> Yep. A That is so cute. >> Oh, yep. He's got some. Please got an itch. What did I get from Starbucks? My usual. My grande ice latte. One pump vanilla. He's just gonna climb over him. So funny. Stop it. Stop it. You stop it. Um, so who has seen on social media? I'm sure you guys probably have the monkey punch. The monkey from Tokyo or I think it was Tokyo. Japan. >> Gosh. >> Have you seen it? >> I cried. >> So it's it's it's a little monkey. I forget what kind was it. A >> it's >> it's not this small, but it's small. They're smaller monkeys. >> Let me know in the chat. It looks like >> I meant that if you just search monkey, >> it would pop up. But he got abandoned. His parent or his mom didn't um with the big >> Yes. With a plushy. >> I wanted to take him home with me so bad. Here is this cookie dough brownie ice cream that everybody is wanting. >> They also have a float with Coca-Cola. That sounds good, too. But look at this line. This is insane. Everybody wants this thing. I hope they have enough. >> I thought this was a safari line. >> But yes, the monkey. Oh my goodness. I felt >> so bad cuz none of the monkeys would accept him and so he just went. He just hugged a little plushy. But >> it was like bigger than him. >> I know. And then he carried it around. I felt so bad. But it looks like he's getting accepted now. So I was very happy about that. >> Poor buddy. >> I know. He's a snow monkey. Okay. Hi, Robin. >> You haven't seen it? Oh, well, if you go on social media and put in monkey and uh plushy, you'll probably or either monkey Japan. >> It's a little sad. >> It is very sad. I literally cried. I did. And I told Dale and we were on our cruise too when I saw it and I was like, Dale, I need to save this monkey. >> What's your mission now? >> He's like, what? Okay. >> Oh my. It is busy today. Let's go this way. Lots of crowds. Yes. Positive vibes at Disney for sure. >> It is a little more crowded than I was expecting. >> Yeah, >> it was a good to go day for APS. But still, I don't know. We'll see. Usually gets less busy as the day goes on because it does close at 6:00 p.m. So, everybody goes to another park and hopefully it'll calm down. Yes, his name is Punch. That's right. Punch the monkey. Poor little guy. Oh. Oh, I don't know which way to go. >> Is that the one where a beaver walked up to it and handed it a banana? No. Wait, what? What? Mara, I don't know this video. Oh my goodness. Hi, Kev. How are you? Okay, guys. Also, if you did not notice, I posted our very first cruise video uh yesterday at 1 p.m. We did a premiere of it. And uh yeah, it's up now, so anybody can watch it over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. So, go over and check it out, guys. And look, they have a new menu here. Okay. So, oh, so since restaurantosaurus is closed, I bet they have the burger, chicken fingers, salad, chicken wrap. Oh, the cookie looks good. Harambe sunshine. That sounds delish. Frozen flamingo. All right. Very nice. Hydraase. So, go over to Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Go check out the video. Give it some love. We had a great time. So, if you're wondering what a cruise is like um on the Royal Caribbean cruise ships, again, go over and check it out. We'd really love it if you uh went over and gave it some more love. And if you watched, let us know. Did you like it? >> Are you ready to go on a cruise now? >> I just got back and I'm ready again. So, we're going to go see some gorillas. >> Is this closed now? conservation station. Yeah. Sad I didn't get back over there. Oh, yeah. Look, the sign's covered. >> Oh, sure is. >> Uhhuh. >> Thank you so much for posting the link, Emara. So, there is the link if you want to go over and check that out again. Would really appreciate it. And we have more to come. So, if you like that one, we have several more vlogs coming out. I just have to edited them. >> I started today, but I'm about halfway through. Oh, does the does the train still go? >> Oh, >> so huh. >> No, that's maybe. >> Interesting. >> Going to stop running, too. >> Maybe you can just ride the train around. >> Maybe. >> Hey, Mercedes. How are you? Happy whimsical Wednesday. >> I'm excited to check out the new video. Yay. Thank you. We're going the right way. Right. Yeah, it's back here. I'm like, hang on. Loved it. I loved re-watching the Disney cruise you did with Dale. Oh, we had a great time. I want to go back on a Disney cruise so bad. I am like really wanting to go on one. >> Yes. Edited. >> Wow. You did have time to film. Yeah, we did have time to film on the cruise. up. We filmed the whole thing. It was a 7-day cruise. We went to their private island, which is called Coco Key. We went to Cosmo, Mexico. We went to uh Roton, Honduras, and Costamaya, Mexico. And then we had a couple sea days, which are always nice. It just forces you to relax, which is nice. And you're like, can't go anywhere, so let's just relax. There was plenty of things to do, plenty of food to eat. Oh my goodness. She didn't get that. >> You definitely don't go hungry on a cruise. >> I got her once. Well, technically she wasn't alive yet. >> I'm doing right. Just getting over being sick for a month. Oh my goodness. I'm glad you're feeling better. Doing well. Uh Benjamin said it was a good vlog. Thank you so much. Can't wait to see more. Yay. Looks like we have these guys out today. So, next time we go to Honduras, I want to go on a excursion because I heard they have uh wild sloths and um wild monkeys there. >> See the monkeys above our head and such a long tail. >> So, here we are. >> Looks like they do have long tails. >> A They do kind of hard to see >> just a chilling. >> Uhhuh. >> Looks like a what? >> A rope. Oh yeah, at >> the end it does. >> Enjoyed the video so much. Thank you, Smooth Joy. >> Cruises are by far the most relaxing vacation. >> Yeah, it is hard to to make yourself on vacation sit and relax. I'm the same way. That's why days are good because it does it makes you sit and relax. >> Feel like I need to do be doing something, >> right? Go enjoy and see sightsee. Uh Christopher sent99. Have a great day from Chris and Amanda. Thanks, Chris and Amanda. Thank you so much. That's so sweet of you. I hope you have a good day as well. >> Enjoy the stream. >> Micro says roar. >> Oh, yep. >> Yeah, the Icon class ships are very nice. They're huge. Like literally a city on the water. It's crazy. They have different neighborhoods on the ship, which to me is crazy. There's Surfside, Central Park, um, Thrill Island, and Chill Island. >> And Prominade, the main prominade. >> It's very cool. >> You know how many guests were on for? >> Yes. I looked it up and now I can't remember. Oh, shoot. I think over 2,000. >> Oh my goodness. >> I think that's a lot of mouths to feed. >> A lot. Yes. I could be wrong, but I think it was close to that or more. >> Oh, there she is. Or he >> way back there. >> Hi, Tony. How are you? Hey, Anthony. >> She got her party pants on. >> I know. Just resting. >> Uh, good question. Oh, there she goes. >> Yeah. And you can hear the safari from here. So I wonder if there's a door to like because you know they're on the safari too to let them go. Uhhuh. I wonder >> the balloon drop on the cruise. Yeah, that was so fun. I love how they do that on every um not every ship, but the bigger ships they do that on. >> It sounded like a lot of people were like popping them. >> Yeah. >> I'm glad we were up a floor cuz that looked like >> a little bit mass chaos. Yeah. >> It's also It was also good to just watch it. >> Uhhuh. It was feeling so >> like squished. Exactly. >> All right. Make our way this way. We're going to go into the bird area. Did I say it was 5,000? Okay. See, I don't even remember. I'd have to look it up again. It's a lot of people. I know it's a lot of people. But I'm drawing a blank. You're going on a Carnival cruise next week. That's awesome. I've never been on a Carnival. I've only done Disney and Royal. So, this was our fifth one on the Royal Caribbean and we've done two on Disney. >> That's a lot of Royal Caribbean. >> Yeah. Yeah. That we started doing the cruises on like our bigger anniversary. So we went on our fifth our 10th >> and then we did one in between and then we did a 15 and then we did now >> cuz now we live here it's so much easier to go. >> Yeah. >> You don't have to pay for travel. You just drive. >> Are they going in? Oh, okay. >> Thank you. >> All right, guys. We're going to walk on through here >> to the birds. Do you get to higher like you know how you get to it different levels with how many cruises? >> Yeah. So we're we're the bottom level still. Um but I think we only need like two more points and then we get to bump up to the next level. We're still lower based on points rather than like number of cruises. >> So it's points but the points you accumulate by nights you stay or night nights of your cruise. >> So this one was seven. So we get to add seven points. Um >> so yeah. I just realized Jessica's not the biggest fan of birds. >> Of birds. Same. They like to run into me. >> Go quickly. >> They run into us. >> I like ducks. >> I like the blue fish, too. >> Blue fish are so pretty. >> They're really pretty. Hi, Edwin. >> Gorgeous day today. It's so sad, though, to see all of the dead >> I know. trees and plants. >> So sad. Oh, yes. And there's a hidden Mickey over here. Right there. There Mickey in the rocks. Oh, yeah. Isn't >> that cool? >> A Thank you, Ba. I'm glad you enjoyed. >> All right, let's go see some hippos. It really is. Yes. Just hope you don't get pooped on. Thank you. Thank you. >> All right, let's go see if we see a hippo. Do we see any? piece of watermelon. >> Oh, I see it. >> I see. It's not gross. >> Maybe it's chilling in the corner over here. Let's look. >> Um I don't see it. >> Nope. >> Nope. >> It's on the other side. >> Yeah. Chilling somewhere else. >> Yes. Hungry. Hungry hippo. Hippos. Maybe they're eating. I almost said hungry hungry hippies. Different thing. Hungry. Hungry. Hippos. Cuz that's easy to say, you know. Hungry. Hungry. You got the Y going on there. Hippies. Oh my goodness. >> We've already been having some word challenges. >> Uhhuh. Words are hard. Words are always hard. I like the hungry hungry. That's a That's a >> That's a different place. >> Oh, there's the zebras. Oh, look at the mircat on top the rock. That's so cute. >> Oh, yeah. Right. >> I don't have any Disneyland plans yet, but that doesn't mean we won't have any later. >> Oh, yeah. >> He's working hard keeping them all safe right now. >> So cute. And here's a zebra. >> Hey, awesome. Austin, how are you? >> If y'all see the green dots on the mirror, the keepers put that on there to help them. >> Oh, the green dot is to help tell them apart. >> Hi, Crane family. >> The little Timones. Yes. >> I never knew what that was for. >> I figured it was something to do with identifying, but I wasn't sure. >> He's working hard right now >> cuz they do look a lot alike. She's so cute. >> Identical twins. >> Yeah. You put a dot on the foot. >> Yeah. Or like some people will put dots on a sock or something like >> this is this one. >> Hi Rob, how are you? >> Hungry hungry hippies is my new band name. >> What's the new band name? >> H happy or happy. >> Happy and hungry hippies. >> Hungry hungry hippies. It would be. >> He said it's the Grateful Dead Tribute Band. >> I love it. >> That's amazing, >> huh? They must be out further exploring. Hey, Mr. Cruise Fever. Hey, Jose. Hey, Alicats. All right. Well, guess we'll journey on. All right, guys. Well, we'll go this way and see if we see him. >> Oh, there's nowhere to go. Oh. Oh, that's awful. Andy and I have poncho. >> Smart. Smart. >> Guys, share out the stream. Let everybody know we're live today at Animal Kingdom. We're going to go try to do the safari here in a little bit. We may we may go over and check out um the tiger trail, too, to see if we can see back. Baxo. Apparently, they have separated him and mom now. Really? >> So, and I think he is not really liking it cuz he's been making he's been very vocal, they said. I know. Oh, I feel so bad for him. >> Mommy, >> I know. I know. It's something they have to do, but it's so sad. >> A Yeah, here's one >> chilling. >> Uh, Jose, I have Sharon and Jesse with me today. >> Hello. >> So, we got the race weekend coming up. Um, Friday is our race. >> We can't wait. We're excited. Hi, Wayne. How are you? >> Oh, yeah. Look at it. >> Is there another one? What do you think? >> Yeah. >> Mhm. >> The sun is so like Oh, there is. There's a little one right here. She's licking the rock. She is >> a Oh my goodness. >> Oh, I wonder if they put something on the rock. >> I wonder too. Oh, sorry. My camera is focusing on this and not >> a So cute. Where you going? >> She's like, "This rock is fascinating." >> Yeah. Don't Don't go down there. Okay. >> Go down there. >> She's thinking about it. >> I know. I wonder if they've ever fallen down. I want to explore. >> I know. >> She's really thinking about it. She's so cute. Were you with me the day, Sharon, when the one had a little ouchie on its leg? >> No. >> I told you about it though, right? Or it was so cute. She was like a little kid when she was like looking at her foot. It was so I was like she needs help. >> Oh wow. Couple of them. >> Oh, they're going down. >> The one went down. >> Yeah. >> Like little stickers. >> Yeah. The other one's like maybe I'll follow. Oh my goodness. I've never seen him do this before. >> Oh, is there big tree? >> Oh, yeah. Oh, now he's here. >> Oh, there's one over here, too. Man, there Oh, yeah. >> Where's the other one? >> The one that I think you had pointed out sitting down. >> She's sitting down >> at the edge. >> Oh, okay. >> Oh, yes. It's hard to tell which one's the littlest now. >> I know. >> See if we can see some more. Let's see if we can see the big ones. The boys, >> the males. They're over here. >> There's one right here. Hey, Tim. How are you? >> Welcome in. >> Tim's ninja working today. Oh, there's two over here, actually. >> And then there's one or two over here. It's hard to tell. >> Oh, yeah. One is leaning >> like in the tree. I don't see it. >> I always focus. >> And then there's two, I think, right here. It's like his version of a of a lazy boy recliner. >> Yes, exactly. >> Like the lazy boy tree. >> Lazy boy tree. Oh, of course they'll be shopping 100%. >> Oh, yeah. And the one laying down. >> Oh, it's a gorgeous day to just be out and enjoying the weather. >> It really is. >> No, this is why we live in Florida. This >> weather is a nice change for you. Tim says, "Back to my regularly scheduled ninja position." I'm sorry, Tim. >> Next time you can be a princess and run with us. >> We're not even being princesses this time. So, he could have ran with us. >> You know what? I think that would have fit him perfectly. >> Or next year we should be princesses and then have him be whatever the sidekick is. >> Yes, the sidekick. >> There you go, Tim. prince or whatever the you know. >> Yeah. >> I thought the animals only did that for >> a brother. >> Sorry. Excuse me. >> All right. Oh, here's one. >> Be a princess. >> He could. Yeah, Tim. You could be a princess. >> Whatever you want. >> Exactly. >> You can be you. >> Sorry. I know. >> It's like they want their own spot. >> The closest spot. >> The closest to the They seem to be under the rock. >> Yeah. Interesting. >> This is my spot. >> This is my rock. >> Uhhuh. I know you would rescue the monkey, but what about their gorilla? Oh, I'd always rescue their gorilla 100%. >> For her to not pay attention and then they're going to run down there. >> Yeah, they're both like ready, set. >> Okay, don't move. She won't see me. Hi, Julia. >> Tim says he'll be Pascal. >> Oh, that's perfect. >> Oh, that would be great. >> I love that. >> Hello, girly girl. You did join just in time. We're checking out the gorillas. N she gave up her spot. >> Yeah. >> She's gonna find a better spot. >> He like lures you somewhere else and then he jumps up there. >> He pretends like he has to go outside. >> They get up to grab the leaf and then he jumps up and steals their >> and then he's like, >> "Sorry, my mind. Whoopsie. They don't really have to go. >> Exactly. >> They're active today. They're usually more active when it's not as hot. >> They're all following each other. Now they're going back behind. >> Hey Britney, how are you? All right. >> Well, let's go to the tiger trail now cuz eventually they take them in and they're not out there. Go do that and then we'll head back to the safari. >> Hi, Amber. >> How are you today? >> Welcome in if you're just joining Whimsical Wednesday here at Animal Kingdom. >> First spot was the gorilla trail and next we're going to go to the tiger trail. Awesome. MDF. >> Totally preferred parking. Definitely. You know it. Hi. Uh, Alma or sorry, I thought that was an L. Happy Wednesday. Bop the like button and subscribe if you're new. >> Maybe we'll get to see Alfred again. He's the big the bird that goes woo woo. >> He's so cute. >> Um I don't know if I'm going to go to Well, no. I don't think I'll be at Disney Springs this week just because we have the race and everything coming up. So maybe next week. We'll see. Zip your bag. >> Oh, no. Thank you. >> Thank you. Was um the doggy pulling on it. Ah, thanks. They like to do that. Yeah, Benjamin. We'll do the safari maybe after we go see the tigers. >> But we will go for sure. >> Looks like they're backed up to here. >> All right. Speaking of shopping, we have to go to the shop out here >> for science. >> See what's new. And >> we have to. >> And also, you know, Tim was looking for those trash cans. We'll see if they have them. >> Yes. See if they restocked. >> Yeah. >> See if they're restocked. >> Tim needs a trash can. >> Yes. Tim says, "I hear Jesse without an eye. Lol." >> How'd you know? Tim, how you doing? >> Tim check. >> Tim check. >> I think he's cold. >> Yeah, >> even though we were cold on Monday when he was here. >> We were so cold. >> The like button, guys. Hi, Noel. How are you? >> Welcome in. Did you guys hear the news Universal put out yesterday? >> We've got um butterbeer season coming up starting March 1st at Universal Studios here in Orlando and the one out in uh Hollywood as well. So that starts March 1st. Can't wait to go try out some of the new treats that they've got coming. They've got a butterbeer waffle that I am so excited for. And then um I guess let's go in the sweet shop first. And then they've got I think a butterbeer cupcake, butterbeer creme brulee. All the butterbeer stuff >> and more butterbeer. >> And we got to go for science. >> Yep. Try all the things. >> Oh, it's busy in here. It's >> like a school group. >> They have them, Tim. They have them. >> They have them. They're right here. >> Two. They have two. >> Four. Sorry. They have four. >> Jim, do you need a trash can? Message us. >> Let us know. >> Grab one. Okay. I'm a local. >> I'm all ears. That is so cute. Looking forward to the end of April. Yes. Crazy bananas. You have a sweet tooth, too. I know. It's so hard to walk by and not get some of these treats. Let's see what they have. Oh, they have a bunny rice krispie. A bunny cupcake. Yum. >> Well, Tim, let us know. We're here. We can grab one. >> Jambo. That's a cool shirt. I like that. >> Buy him a life-siz one. Oh, this is cute. I like that. >> $31.99. And there is um little giraffes over here. >> This is a cool little safari shirt. Hey, Isabelle. This is fun, too. I wonder what the front looks like. Just plain, but it's got the little Animal Kingdom sign on there. You'll take a Rice Krispie treat. Okay. and a Sprite. Okay, sounds good. Tim, let us know. I mean, okay, let me tell her. >> Tim said, "Sure, if you want to hold on to it for July, one of us can hold it for you, Tim. They're already in the process. They're getting crazy bananas. Got to love those runs. There's a hippo. I love these guys. Headed to St. Augustine Thursday from Chicago. Decided to add a night to stay at Grand Flow for one night on Wednesday to hit up Epcot cuz why not? Wait, are you going to go to Epcot a week from today? That's opening a flower and garden just in time. And by the way, did you guys watch Disney Parks um what was it? It was Disney Parks food video about what's going to be coming to Flower and Garden. And the guy that sang in the land was amazing. He sang some old school Disney songs like Listen to the Land. It was so good. If you've not seen it, it's over on Disney Park's YouTube channel. Highly, highly recommend checking it out. All depends. >> They've got a bunch of rocks. She knows. Awesome. Good deal. It'll take a pirate battleship. Okay, so the sea bras over here. Oh, and here here's these um tree of life of succulents. Hang on. Right here. They're really cool. I do really like those. These are fun, too. This is a fun shirt. Oh, no. I like this tank top. You always need tank tops here in Animal Kingdom, and I might need that one. Add to cart. Add to cart. >> All right, let's go see if they got the trash con. They have some caramel. Oh, they have some taffies, which by the way, I cannot have. These are delicious. a >> got the um gluten-free stuff. I love chocolate chip cookies and the cheddar puffs. Yummy, yummy. And then again, this is my favorite, the snack mix. I agree. Dream come true. They always have some good ones. These are delicious. It is shopping time. Ooh, churro popcorn. I've been on a popcorn kick lately. You can't go wrong for a snack. Have you guys seen Okay, maybe I've talked about this before, but there's a protein popcorn. I tried it first at Starbucks. I had like a small little bag of it and then I found it at Target and now Walmart carries it. Um, I think it's like cloud popcorn. It's a little pricey, but it does have protein in it, which I love. And it's delicious. >> Tim, they're they're yelling for you. You're still shopping and you're not even here. I know. How does that work, Tim? Oh, look. They're going to go find me, guys. Ready? We're going to we're going to pop behind him. Get him. Are you ready? Oh, wait. What's >> Guys, look at him looking for me. I'm >> sorry that line. >> No, you're fine. I went in there to wait on you and then I saw you go the other way. I was like, "Okay, we're going to go scare him." Ready? >> All right. Tim says he's shopping and he's not even here. >> Well, Tim, we got your trash can for you. >> Um, we're going to eat the candy, though. >> That's the um that's the uh you know, our reward. Yes. The holding fee. >> The holding fe. >> I don't even know, Phil. All right, let's go see the tigers. That's funny. All right, >> steak does have protein. This is true. >> We got a mixture of crazy bananas. >> I love crazy bananas. >> The yellow bananas and other colored bananas. And the whole thing is just crazy bananas. >> Love that. Can't go wrong with a crazy banana. >> Are they Are they subtle crazy bananas? >> We'll find out. So funny. >> If you guys don't know what that's from, Dale and I were live at Universal. This was last year sometime. And he had never tried the banana popcorn. I I always want to say banana banana popcorn from Minions um area. And so we I told him to get some and I went and held a spot and um he went and you know just said he needed a popcorn. And so he came back over with it and I had him try it first and he's trying it and all of a sudden I'm like, "Do you like it?" And he's like, "Well, >> yeah." I'm like, "Okay, do you taste the banana?" He's like, "Well, I don't know if if I do, it's really subtle." And so I'm like, "All right, let me try this." So I tried it and I was like, "Dale, this is regular popcorn." He forgot to tell him he wanted the banana popcorn. They have regular popcorn, too. >> He convinced you. It >> was so funny. That's where the subtle banana came from. >> Tim says, "Haha, that's a great holding Phil. Oh my goodness. >> So, let's go journey to Asia. >> Thanks, Catalina. >> If they h or if they leave the little trash can out in the rain, maybe it'll grow to a fulls size trash can. >> Oh, that's funny. >> That's really cute. >> That's very cute. >> I love that. >> Adorbs. So yeah, you guys, I know most people that watch us are here for Disney, but come for the Universal stuff, too, because you never know. It's always fun. There's always fun things. >> So fun. >> And we might be going live um from there soon. So >> stay tuned. >> Especially the Harry Potter band is so amazing. >> So amazing. >> You like Harry Potter. >> And Marty Gro is fun, too. If you've never seen Marty Girl. I went, what was it? When did we go? And we were the family of the week. >> Yes. Oh my goodness. It was awesome. >> It was before we went on our cruise, so maybe the week before. So, two weeks ago, I guess. >> Was it the opening? >> It was >> It was not opening day. >> Opening week. >> Okay. >> Yeah. >> Cuz I think opening day was on a weekend. >> Yes. Okay. So, I want to say it was the Wednesday after that. >> Yes, it was. Yeah. So, it was two weeks from today, I think. >> Yeah. >> Two weeks ago. >> We were the family of the week. >> It was amazing. We had a Yeah. special little area that they put us in. >> It was great. It was Great. Yeah. A whole thing. >> Buttons. >> Gives buttons. >> Buttons. >> I mean, awesome being able to sit and watch at the curb and watch the >> sit on a bench and watch the parade. >> It was Oh, the bird show is getting out right now. >> SeaWorld. I do need to get back there. I do have a pass. I keep keep saying I need to go back. You know who was there the other day? Christopher Patrick. He sang >> in sync. >> Yeah. And then last Saturday was Joey Fetone and AJ at Universal. >> They were at Universal, but >> Oh, yes. They were >> Yeah. >> the um second. Yeah. Yeah. >> Oh, that's right. It was the Wednesday after the Seahawks one >> cuz you guys had your Seahawk stuff on. Yeah. >> Oh, yeah. Because that was the day of the Seahawks parade in downtown Seattle. >> Yes. >> Yeah, exactly. >> Another doggy. There's doggies everywhere. >> That one looked like a little bit of a hound. >> We did. >> Wow. It got crowded after that show. >> We did. We found all the people. >> All of them. She's going to the tiger. >> So funny. >> All the Jessie. >> I'm just here for the snacks. It's funny. >> Hi Amy. Yes. Animal Kingdom vibes are one of the best. Yeah. This way. >> The music was very loud, but it was good. It was playing a good tune. It kind of reminded me of being on the cruise because everywhere you go there's like live music here, live music there. >> They had a jazz club on the cruise which was kind of fun and you could just in Central Park and it was open so you could sit inside but it but you were getting wind and breeze from the outside. It was it was amazing. >> I loved it. >> Andy and I decided that would be the place where we would spend most of our time on the cruise. >> It was so good. Oh, in Central Park or the jazz >> in the jazz club. That was awesome. And I wanted to go to Central Park every morning with my coffee. It was perfect. Can I pet that dog? Yeah. If you guys didn't see my reel, um it's on Adventures Instagram and Resort TV1 Instagram where we were looking for the dog that lives on the Star in the Seas. And uh stay tuned to the vlogs to see if we find her or not. Yeah, it was it was very relaxing in the jazz club. That's for sure. So much so like you're sitting there listening to this nice jazz and the boat is rocking and you're after you ate and you're like, "Okay, it's time to go to bed." It was that relaxing. >> It was It was very nice. Hi, get your ears on. If the boat like if the or ship, sorry. if the boat ship um is the water is, you know, nice. The little bit of rocking does literally rock you to sleep. It is amazing. Uh Jose says, "I want to go on a cruise sometime, but I'm afraid to get seasick." So, my um my suggestion is just go ahead and take the medicine. >> Mhm. >> Cuz I did get seasick and it was miserable. So, I would just take the medicine on the safe side >> as precaution. >> As precaution. Yep. And so once I took the medicine then I was fine. >> Cuz the very first cruise deal and I did long time ago. Um I didn't take anything cuz I thought I'll be fine. And I got those bands, those C bands, they they didn't work for me. Um and I was miserable and I knew I couldn't get off the ship. >> You're stuck. And so we went to first aid and they gave me some seasick medicine and >> and then I was fine. >> Oh, there's the kimono dragon. >> Yeah. Got some vitamins and pattern. >> Right. It's afternoon nap time. >> Take a nap. >> They do have patches. Yes. That you can put behind your ear as well. I've never tried those. >> And yes, get a room in the middle of the ship. That helps as well. Definitely not on the front of the ship. front of the ship. You can feel the waves more cuz that's where it like crashes. You know, not crashes, but that's where it goes down first. >> Is there cake toast on the boat ship? Of course, there was plenty of toast and cake, but no cake toast. Oh, it looks like these trees didn't make it. >> I don't know what kind they are. Hi, Rita. All right. >> So guys, definitely go check out one of our awesome sponsors. If you want to book a trip right here to Walt Disney World and come check out Animal Kingdom, go check out miktravels.com. mikiraas.com. They will help you book your trip right here to Walt Disney World or Disneyland or even a Disney cruise. So um and you don't have to plan any of it. They will plan it all for you. Book all the things, your dining, your lightning lanes. So go check out mickeytras.com. Also, go to mickeyblog.com for all of the latest Disney news. The baby elephant, we saw her the last time we were here several weeks ago, and she was very active. >> So, hopefully we get to see her again today. But it's funny, like, I know elephants are bigger than tigers, but she is still pretty small. And Baxo is like regular tiger size. >> Uhhuh. I guess the elephants They do stay with their mom >> for life unless it's male. >> They don't they almost don't need to grow as fast as they get taken care of whereas the tiger needs to they need to split off >> protect themselves and Yeah. >> Yeah. I thought it was interesting how slow >> and they do have a lot more than a tiger. >> All right, we got to zoom through here cuz this signal does not work. >> Oh, that's a good point. If we can see the tiger. Oh, thank you. >> Thank you. >> Looks like everybody else is going to see the tiger, too. >> There's a big one. Excuse me. >> I don't see them. >> Hopefully they didn't take them in already. Or maybe he's napping in a corner. Yeah. >> Feel bad for him. >> Maybe he's down here. We'll go check. Or he went back in. The signal does go baddy in there. Yes. That's funny. Well, he's not out yet, but it doesn't mean he won't be out up here. So, we'll go see. Thanks for a thousand watching. Pop the like. Subscribe if you're new. >> Oh, am I zoomed in still? Sorry, guys. Oh, guess not. >> Oh, you must be in here. >> They're hanging out in different spaces. Um, I'm pretty sure this morning we had mom and dad habitat. >> So, there's another habitat >> around the corner is our second space. Um, I don't know if the tiger's in there or not right now. I'm pretty sure it's just him at the moment because we do rotate everybody. Um, so the other two may be hanging out at the moment. Never hurts to >> ask everyone in the same space at the same time. They're pretty solitary by nature. So they would do it that way in the wild. This is why we replicated that >> standing right over there. He's the one that's in here. Yep. So, definitely not a baby anymore. More really considered an adult at this point. They reach maturity between a year and a half to two years, and he's just over a year and a half. >> Wow. >> He's still got some growing left to do. He's not quite fully grown physically, but in every other sense of work, he's pretty mature. >> What's his name? >> Gone now. >> Oh, there he is. >> Just exploring. At least he got to see him. >> Yeah, he was born. >> Get your ears on. Says, "I want to see the kitten." >> Yes, he was cute. So, yeah, they are full grown by a year and a half to two. He's a year and a half. >> So, he's pretty much full grown cuz the last time we were here, he was with his mom and it was hard to tell who was who >> cuz they were both about the same. >> So playful. >> Yeah, they were so cute. Yeah, >> I bet it is. >> Or do they have that instinct where they're like, "Oh, now it's time for you to go." >> Well, they usually have some sort of cow. I >> was going to say cow guys in here. >> Oh, is that them up there? >> Oh, yep. They're way up there on the hill. And then there's these duck guys down here. >> Very interesting. >> All righty. Well, let's go see if Beexo's dad is out because usually he's over here if he is. Unless they've let him out to the other side. That was so funny that day that you and I were here and they he went underground and then popped up >> on the other side and he was going around sniffing everything. He's like, "That was really interesting. >> Need to read the news." >> Yep. Read the news. >> Exactly. Just like dogs. >> Who was here? >> I need to mark my territory. >> Yep. >> Yes. Exactly. I'm guessing there's none out cuz nobody's looking. >> Cuz nobody's here. >> Must have gone inside. >> Yeah. The last time we did, I think I was with mom and dad and he was um he was making noises. It wasn't quite a roar or like a It was more of like a >> growl sort of. Yeah, it was really cool. >> Good afternoon. How are you today? Welcome in. >> Okay, let's see. I forgot I can check wait times on my on my app. Let's see what the Safari says now. Oh, still says 30 minutes. Okay. Well, that's not horrible. >> And it might not even be that bad. So, we'll head that way. >> It's a pretty view along the way. >> It is. And it's not hot. So, at least we're not going to >> be sweating in line. All right. We're going to go through here cuz I want to see if Alfred is out. >> Oh, yeah. >> Just got to watch our heads. And the signal. >> And the signal. They're scary. >> All right, I'm going to turn down the signal cuz it always lags in here. >> Yeah, >> I don't hear the woohoo yet. Oh, thanks Michelle. I did not know that. So colorful. Hello friend. I see the woohoo dad bird sometimes back here too. So maybe he's hiding back here. Let's see. Alfred, where are you, buddy? >> Oh, no, that's not him. I thought that was him. I got excited. >> Oh, he's right here. >> Oh, okay. Red red dove >> right there. Perfect. Oh, >> he's huge guy. >> Yeah, he is. >> Noah who in today. >> He sometimes he is up in a tree, but he's down here today. >> All right, Alfred, have a good day. >> He is. I love when he blocks the path to like stand there. A woo woo is the noise he makes. >> I know. All right, let's head on out of the bird area. I'll turn up the quality as soon as we get out. Thank you. All right, should be good to go now. Awesome. Well, let's head back to the safari. Go see what animals we can see on the safari. You were you said you went on this price Sunday, right? Did you see a lot of animals? >> Um I think the count was 19. >> 19. Okay, nice. I love that. >> That is awesome. >> Were the um out? >> Yes. >> When the lions are out >> and cheetahs, they were Oh, interesting. The other side was in there doing something and you could tell they were a little worked up over that. >> Oh, like why are they in there? Uh-huh. Let us back in. >> That's cute. >> It's funny how >> cuz I Exactly. All right. Well, let's head this way. >> That sun is like right where like nothing helps. >> You need a visor. >> Yep. Monkeys aren't making noises today either. >> Oh, Safari is down to 20 minutes. Perfect. >> Let's go. So, as we're walking this way, let's chat about resort tv1homes.com brokered by expy. If you guys are wanting to move here to be closer to the magic of Walt Disney World or uh you know, Universal, either one, go check out resorttv1homes.com. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Resorttv1homes.com, guys. Go check us out. Hey Cindy, I have not seen Kevin yet today, but we haven't really been in the area that Kevin roams either. So, we'll go over there later and see. >> Hi, Rebecca. How are you? Oh. >> Wow. I wonder what the temp is. It feels like it's like 75. >> My watch says 71. >> Okay. >> In the sun, it feels warmer than >> It does. It's a nice warm 71. >> And there's not as much breeze today like there was on Monday. It was so windy on Monday. which made it colder. >> It does. >> Maybe just because it has been chilly. >> Yeah, that's probably true, too. >> Uh Tim says, "If Sharon wants to get me a Vietnamese coffee, too. At least I can look at it on the screen." >> Was Where's that from? >> That is that booth that's over next to the barbecue place. >> Oh, okay. >> Like where you the area where you see Kevin? >> Yes. Gotcha. coffee stand over there. I don't remember the name of it. >> Have you tried one of those? >> I have had one in Seattle. Not one here in the park. >> Oh my. Okay. >> That guy was going to run me right over. >> Sounds good, Tim. Sounds good. I've never tried one, so I could try one for you, too. >> For science. >> For science, of course. You can tell the people who are from up north. Tank top and shorts. That is the cra. So, the craziest thing on Monday when we were all bundled up, I had my winter coat on, my hat, I even wanted to put my gloves on. I didn't, but I almost did. And then this this family walks in in shorts and t-shirts. >> You could tell they regretted their choice, though. >> They they maybe only brought that. I think it's Florida. >> They didn't really look at the weather app before they left. >> They did not. Cuz you know, the day before, two days ago, it was what 90 here or something crazy. while we were on our cruise. Got up to about 90. >> I'm not doing >> They may have had to have bought a Disney sweatshirt. >> I think they probably did cuz >> that is >> I know. Darn it. >> I remember my very first trip to Disneyland with my family. I think I was in sixth grade or going to go into sixth grade. Um and we went to Disneyland and we' I'd never been to California. My parents had, but you know, long time ago. And uh our first airplane ride, everything. It was it was a big deal. We get over there and everything and we go into Disneyland and it's summer. I think it was June and but none of us realized that at night California gets chilly. >> It gets chilly >> and we all had to buy Disney sweatshirts. >> We were one of those families >> just like Seattle. >> It was also before phones and weather apps and you know all those things. Now it's kind of hard. Now you you have you don't really have an excuse cuz you know you can look it all up >> back then. You could watch the weather and maybe but >> it was hard to watch to see what the temp was going to be >> in other parts of the country. >> Yeah. >> So, >> I like that it cools down at night. >> Yeah. It's just a nice And then the morning is a little cool. >> Cool. Yeah. You almost always have to get a locker there or if you have a room nearby, then you can shed layers and put them back on. We always got a locker. >> Well, happy birthday, Carla. I hope you're having a good day. Amy says, "I'm always looking for an excuse to buy a new Disney sweatshirt." >> Me, too. >> Same. Too bad they've gone up way in price, though. >> Crazy. >> Yeah, they do take up a lot of space. I have way too many sweatshirts for living in Florida. >> However, this year we used them quite a bit. >> Yeah, we did. >> All right. 12. I guess we could go either way. Let's go this way. We haven't been this way yet. Got the pins over here. Get us some Dolehip. Actually sounds really good. Did that say sangria dohip? I'm sorry. >> I know, right? >> Sangria with jam jar. Sweet. >> Oh my. >> Shiraz topped with doy pineapple. >> Okay, that sounds delicious >> for science, right? One day we'll try that one day. All right. >> See if it starts to calm down even more as the afternoon goes on. So far, it's still pretty busy. Hey, Louisa. A little. Yeah, >> that's right, Tim. Always. Oh, it went down to 15. Even better. >> Wow. >> Yeah. >> All right, let's go on a safari. What animal are you guys most excited to see on the safari? I want to see the baby elephant. Cora, what about you guys? >> It's hard. They're all cute. >> Lion. >> The lion. Okay. >> Either the giraffes or the warthogs. >> I love that. >> Which I know seems silly, but I just remember this time my mom and I were here and we saw they had baby warts. >> Oh my goodness. >> They were the cutest things. >> I bet they were. Oh my goodness. >> So cute. >> Tiny little puma. Uh-huh. >> Now, whenever I see the wars, I just like to see those little babies. >> I love that. >> Oh my like little pigs. >> That's so cute. >> All right, so they're naming off. They want to see lions, giraffes. There's a baby giraffe, too. >> I love that baby giraffe. Uh, let's see what else we got here. So far, that's all we've got. If you're ninja watching, put in put in your animal you want to see and then you can go back to ninja. >> Thanks for almost 500 likes. Okay, is the chat frozen or is it just nobody's chatting? I'm not sure what's happening. Oh, here we go. Here we go. Hippo, it's a good one. >> Love it. Got to love it when the line looks like this. >> The most rewarding and memorable experiences of your life. But to see animals in their natural surroundings, you must be alert and keep your eyes open. They could be anywhere. >> And hello transformer dad. Welcome in. >> When the weather is hot, look in the >> YouTube is having issues. If your chat is not red, it may not be going through. Oh. Oh wow, Emarl, that's weird. Okay, >> YouTube. Get it together. >> This is Get It Together. >> Crane over there. Hi, Wayne. >> The baby elephant. Ante eater. Uh, Disney Dawn. I can't tell what that emoji is. It's so tiny. Is it a wa beast? Hey, Captain Mickey. There are some issues. I just I was just able to chat again. Oh, weird. Okay. Thanks, Amara, for letting me know. >> Huh. >> Andy was having a hard time sending me texts the other day. >> Oh, really? >> They just weren't going through. >> Huh. That's really odd. Sit in the back of the safari. Yes, I agree. The back is my fave. I love the back. That's where we're going to try to sit. Wow, this is crazy. I love it. The flamboyance. That's a good one. >> All those flamingos. >> Don't forget to turn off the flash on your camera or phone. >> Hey, we're almost there. >> Once again, have a wonderful safari and as we say here in Harambe. >> Okay. Thanks, Amara. And Mara said he sent you a message to let me know. >> Okay, thank you. >> Tim wants to see the the river horses. That's funny. Elephants and zebras. That's a good one. I love it. >> Rhino. We are almost ready to go. So, they're having the loading area. Please locate the nearest trash bin and discard any food. We get a little lag in here. Hopefully, it'll calm down. Sorry, guys. >> Blinded. Thanks for 1100 in the chat. Keepopping the like button. Should we do a rapid fire bop? I know you should close out of the chat. Find the thumbs up and bop it. Are you guys ready? You can only bop it once cuz if you bop it twice, it takes it away. Are you guys ready? Are you set? the like button and subscribe if you're new. V wants to see the old copy. That's a good one. >> The giraffes. Those are always great. >> Hi. >> We have three. Can we wait for the back? >> Right. Thank you. >> Will be arriving shortly. The Texan Longhorns. Those are good. >> You were like 467. >> A I love that, Christopher. That's amazing. Hi, >> Peach. Everyone, and welcome to Kangaro Safari. before you begin your trip. >> You can't get your message through. It's something to do with YouTube. It's not on our end. Sorry about that, Rita. >> YouTube is having some troubles. So yeah, it's not you. >> Okay, YouTube's having some glitches today, guys. Sorry about that. >> Yeah, they messed it up. >> Oh, this one's full. >> You guys were amazing. I'm really interesting. whole family too. >> It is peach. Yes. Or peachy. It is a nice warm day today. Hi Kayla. How are you? >> We are very very lucky. >> Show you guys my outfit today. >> Hello. I've got Chip and Dale. >> I have Dale here and I've got my Dale shirt on today. All the Dales >> except for the real Dale. >> Amarie, I see it now. >> Yep. It's just something going on with YouTube. There's a little glitch. >> Me, too. Transformer dad. >> Beef and broccoli for lunch. Sounds lovely. >> Here, come. >> Hopefully, it's ours. Thanks, >> Alicat. I'm going to get rid of my backpack. This is so heavy today. I have a trash can in mine. >> All right, guys. This is us. Hello everyone. >> Please make sure to slide all the way down and find those seats, friends, and make sure they are in seat as there will be no seats out in the safari. >> We made it. >> Yes. >> And my friends on the right hand side, watch those hands, arms, feet, and legs as the doors will be closing. >> All right, guys. This will be fun. I love your ears, by the way. >> Where'd you get those? >> Etsy. >> Etsy. Long time ago. They look >> comfy. Friends. >> Awesome. >> Here we go. >> Awarded. Now that means thank you very much. It's here on Harambe. We like to say twende, which means let's go. Jumbo everyone. My name is Josiah and I will be your safari tour guide here in the Harambe Wildlife Reserve today. Now, before we enter the reserve, just a few quick safety points. Please make sure to remain seated at all times. Keep those hands, arms, feet, and legs inside of the truck throughout the entire safari. >> And if you have any loose articles on board, please make sure to hold on to them as I would hate for you guys to lose them. Now we are entering the little Aturi forest and we need to keep our eyes peeled for these animals >> as they love to camouflage with their environment. >> On the right hand side up on top of that hill you'll be able to see an old copy. And on the left hand side on kind of in the middle of the hill, you'll be able to see a saddle build stork. And on top of the hill, another saddle build stork. >> Now, they're going to be the tallest birds in the forest, standing at about 5t tall. And with that height comes an impressive wingspan of 9 ft wide, which is about the width of this truck's canopy. And now with the okapi on the right hand side. Some people think the okapi is related to the zebra due to those stripes on its legs. But it's actually closely related to the giraffe. In fact, it even has that same long prehensile tongue that can stretch out so far it can lick its own eyeballs. >> Disgusting. Now we are at the watering hole which is a very important spot in the forest as it helps to promote a lot of biodiversity with a lot of the animals that live in the forest. Speaking of the animals, on top of the hill on the right hand side, you'll actually be able to see some bongos. Where's the bongo? >> Now, bongos are going to have those vertical white stripes on their coat. And there's also a greater coup at the bottom of the hill with them as well. If you're able to see it, both of them have those vertical white stripes, and that is to help them with camouflaging with the sun's rays poking through the trees. The greater kudu are a very social species of antelope, appearing in single gender herds of 10 or less. While on the other hand, the bongo is extremely shy and reclusive, which has earned it its nickname, the ghost of the forest. >> And now, friends, from the trees to the water, we are entering the Safi River. >> Hello, hamburger. a yes wild animal most pets. >> On the right hand side, you'll be able to see some pinkbacked pelicans. >> Now, they get their name due to the pink coloration they get on their backs during mating season. That coloration will also spread on over to their beaks, kind of giving them the appearance that they are blushing. And I just think that that is stinking adorable. They also have a guller pouch which will help them trap and store and catch food in their mouths. >> Kind of like a net. >> Now on the left hand side we might be able to see some Nile hippopotamuses. >> They might be under the water. So just keep your eyes peeled. Now when they are under the water they are actually not swimming but they are walking along the bottom of the river. And that checks out where they get their name from as their name in Latin means river horse. >> River? What the? >> They also can produce a red substance from their skin, which is commonly known as blood sweat. And does anyone want to take a guess at what a group of hippos is known as? >> A bloat. >> A bloat. A bloat of hippos. >> Thank you, Zigzagman. I'll read it right after the party. Now, as we get ready to cross this bridge on the left hand side, you might be able to see a Nile crocodile. lunch break. >> Nile crocodiles are known for their wide toothy grins. >> And they can eat up to about half of their body weight in a single meal. >> Sometimes all they need is one meal a week, and sometimes they can even go months without eating. >> They'll also make amazing mothers, and they will rattle their eggs around in their mouth to help with the hatching process. And when those babies are hatched, the mother crocodile will even carry them in her mouth for a few months. >> Oh. >> Now, as the trees open up, that means that we are getting closer to the savannah. And speaking of trees, on the right hand side, you'll be able to see a baobob tree. Baobob trees have a nickname of the upside down tree due to their branches looking like roots. And as you can see, their trunks are massive and they can store hundreds of thousands of gallons of water in them. And since a lot of animals rely on that water, they earn their second nickname, the tree of life, which is a pretty cool nickname if you ask me. If I had to have given that tree a nickname, it would have been Robert. So tree of life is just way cooler. >> Robert. Now friends, as we enter the savannah, if you look out on the right hand side, you might be able to see some amazing animals. >> Wow, zebras. >> You might have been able to see those Hartman's mountain zebras. >> Those zebras have unique identifiers on their stripes, on their coats with those stripes. >> So, just like our human fingerprints, no two zebras are the same. A group of zebras is also known as a dazzle. >> On the left hand side, you might be able to see some African painted dogs. Now, just like the harvest with those on their coat, >> they're also known as one of the most successful predators due to their amazing collaborations that you can see them using right here. >> They also with high pitched yips and squeals that can only really be heard up close. >> Now, on the left hand side, you'll be able to see some sable antelope. If they look familiar, that is because they are the emblem of the reserve. >> Coming up on both sides of the truck. On the left hand side, you'll be able to see some will the beast. And on the right hand side, you'll be able to see some ancoli cattle. Now, the horns on the cattle's head can grow to be about 6 to 8 ft in length from tip to tip, meaning that each horn can grow to be about three to four feet in length. And with the wilderbeast, they will have scent glands in their hooves to help them follow and track each other. And that helps the wilderbeast out a lot as they can migrate long distances in large numbers. In fact, up to 1.5 million wilderbeast will go on a journey of about 500 to 1,000 miles every year. Coming up on the right hand side, you'll actually be able to see an Anoli cow and just get a glimpse of how large their horns can actually grow to be. >> There's the baby. Is that the baby? >> I think it's the baby. >> There's actually allow them to cool themselves down as they're made with a honeycomb like structure. >> Oh. Now on the right hand side, you'll actually be able to see some Messiah giraffes as well as some more wabbees. >> That's a baby. >> Messiah giraffes can grow to be 18 to 20 feet tall, which is taller than this truck. And that makes their group name even more fitting as a group of giraffes is known as a tower. >> That makes sense. >> A tower. >> Now, as you can see, these giraffes are enjoying some nice lunch. Most of the time you'll be able to see some giraffes eating as they can eat for up to 20 hours a day. >> They only get about 30 minutes of deep sleep in a day. >> Wow. I'll be green again. >> On the left hand side coming up, you'll be able to see some more Messiah giraffes. Now, a Messiah giraffe's tongue can actually grow to be 18 in long. And the females will be a lot more social than the males will be. Also on the left hand side, you'll be able to see some elins. >> Elins are the largest species of antelope on the reserve. And both male and female elins will have horns with males having thicker horns and females having thinner horns. Yeah, >> that makes a difference. >> Just a random lake. Now folks, surrounding the truck is a bunch of wonderful lush greenery. And this is a great time to talk about the dangers of deforestation. Deforestation has sadly taken the homes of many, many animals. But we can help out those animals keep their homes. If you remember in the little Aturi forest, there was a lot of bamboo. Well, buying products that are made from bamboo is an amazing way to help with deforestation conservation as bamboo grows faster and is more readily available. So buying products that are made with bamboo instead of wood or even buying recycled paper is an amazing way to help stop deforestation and have animals keeping their homes for many, many, many more years to come. Now, on both sides of the truck, you'll be able to see some red clay. Now, African elephants love to eat red clay as it has a bunch of essential minerals. So, hopefully that means we'll be able to see some African elephants as I can see some tusk marks on the right hand side. African elephants tusks will actually continue to grow throughout their entire lifetime and they will use those tusks to do things like dig out the clay as we just saw but also knock down trees and even pick up objects. Now on the right hand side, you'll also be able to see some more beautiful baobob trees. >> Look like the orphans are out. >> If you notice on their branches, they have no leaves. That's actually a water conservation trick that the baobob trees have. So for about nine months of the year, the baobob tree will not be growing leaves on their branches. And the way that water in their trunk is accessed is animals, mainly antelope, will actually stab their horns into the trunk of the tree and pull out the water, making their own watering hole. And speaking of watering holes, >> on the left hand side you'll be able to see a fabulous flamboyance of greater flamingos. >> When flamingos hatch, they are actually white or gray in color. And they get their beautiful coloration from all of the brina shrimp they eat, more specifically the beta carotin mineral found within the brine shrimp. Flamingos also do not feel the need to migrate as long as their food and water quality are both good, which makes it even more important to protect the environment for species like them. Now on the left hand side, you might be able to see that big pool of mud. That means that there might be some white rhinoceroses nearby as they love to wallow in mud. They'll even throw that mud onto their skin to act like a type of sunscreen similar to one you and I will use. And it looks like on the right hand side, you'll actually be able to see some white rhinos. >> But I have a feeling like we might get a better look a little further up in the savannah. >> Now, as we approach big cat territory, we might be able to spot some feline friends. So, let's keep an eye out and we might be able to see some on the left side. >> It looks like >> you might be able to see some cheetahs. Cheetahs have black markings all over their bodies, >> but the ones underneath their eyes serve an important purpose. They will actually act like sunglasses to help redirect the glare of the sun away from their eyes. Cheetos are super friendly. >> And like house ostriches are the largest flightless bird, but do not let that deceive you. Run up to speeds of 40 miles hour. >> That that cheetah wants that ostrich. How do I get that thing? Oh my word, that's so >> As we approach the Kopi rocks, we actually might be able to see some African lions. >> African lions love laying on these kopi rocks. In fact, they love it so much that they can spend 16 to 20 hours a day on them, which leaves most of their hunting to be done at night. But luckily for them, at night time, their vision is six times stronger than the human's eyesight is. And on the right hand side, you'll be able to see some more white rhinos. >> And on the left hand side, you'll actually be able to see an African lion on top of those Kopi rocks. >> Now, rhinos get their name because of their wide jaws, which is perfect for grazing in the savannah. Yeah, >> sleeping >> and a group of rhinos is known as a crash. >> Doing a crash interview. >> When it is time to go hunting, the female lions known as lionesses will actually go out to do the hunting while the male lions will stay back and protect their young. >> Thankfully, it's not a On the left hand side, you actually might be able to see some wartthogs laying down behind some of those logs. Warthogs are going to have two sets of tusks. One set will be used as a way to dig those burrows, while another set will be used as a way of self-defense. At night time, when it is time to go to bed, they will actually back themselves up into those burrows to let predators know that they are not to be messed with by showing off that second set of dusk. >> Warthogs are also extremely clever animals. And they will even sync their sleep schedule to match with their predators around them. So when their predators are asleep, they are awake and vice versa. >> Wow. You can get a better look at those wartthogs right over here. >> On the left hand side, >> I still don't see them. >> I don't see one. >> Also, on the right hand side, you might be able to see those. >> Oh, they're laying down right here. >> Each one of those eggs will weigh about as much as a baker's dozen of regular grade eggs, >> so they can be pretty heavy. >> Now, it looks like we are approaching the warden's post. So, let's see what has been up to. And it looks like the warden has been keeping themselves busy by domesticating some Nigerian dwarf goats. It's a warning. >> These goat These goats get their little hot bellies due to them being ruminant animals, >> meaning that they have a fork chambered stomach, which helps with digestion. >> They're also dairy goats, meaning that they help provide farmers with sweets and egg milk to sell. >> So cute. How you doing? How you doing? >> Now, as we saw, the warden found a way to live with animals, and we can do the same. Doing things like getting bird baths, bird feeders, plants from local nurseries to help attract insects. And if you want to get a little bit more creative, you can even build your own bird and bat houses. And those are all incredible ways to keep an environment thriving as well as living in harmony with nature. as you never know how many hands it takes to keep an ecosystem going and growing or even just by talking about all of the amazing animals you got to see today is an incredible way of raising awareness for them. And if you want to see even more animals, there is a gorilla falls exploration trail where you might be able to see some gorillas, okapi, mircats, and naked mole rats. As well as the Maharaja jungle track in Asia where you might be able to see some sumatran tigers, gibbons, elk deer, and over 30 species of birds. Both of those trails also have amazing opportunities for wilderness explorers to earn some badges. Speaking of, if we have any wilderness explorers on board, you have been riding aboard the Simba One. I repeat, you have been riding aboard the Simba One. Simba like the lion and one like the number. Now friends, it looks like our time on the safari has sadly started to come to an end. But here in Harambe, we do not like to say goodbye as that feels far too sad and far too final. So instead, we say quaharini friends, which means to go well. So, Quarini, go well, go wild, go have an amazing rest of your day here in Disney's Animal Kingdom or wherever your journey may lead you next. Let this message be your guide, and that is to go out there and make a difference, folks. Once again, my name is Josiah, and thank you so much for joining me on the reserve today, friends. >> Now, for my friends on the right hand side, watch those hands, arms, feet, and legs as the doors will be opening. Watch your step as you enter the vehicle and have an amazing rest of your day, friends. Quarini and Asante Sana for joining me. Oh, okay. My legs don't want to work. >> They're like, "Wait, I have to get up. Are you sure?" >> Oh, it was a good safari. We didn't see all the animals, but we saw a lot of them. The cheetah was crazy how it was like, I want that ostrich. Oh, awesome. Glad you're on the way home from school. Um, again, sorry that the messages aren't going through and that you're like YouTube has got a little glitch going on right now. We don't know why. So, sorry. We apologize for that. Hopefully, they'll fix themselves soon. Uh oh, yes, but I did have a super chat during the safari. ZigZagman, let me go back and get that. Uh Zig Zagman sent a $5 super chat. Says, "Thanks for taking me Thank you. Thanks for taking me out of this wintercape in New Jersey. Almost a foot of snow on the ground with more to follow on Sunday. Oh my goodness, Zigzagman. Well, thank you so much for being here and I'm glad that this is helping a little bit. Stay safe out there. I know that is no fun. I've seen some pictures where people are like opening their doors and it's just like full of snow. Like you take the dog out. Nope, you can't. There's snow there. Covered the whole front door. >> No fun. Yeah. >> Yeah. Big dogs would love it. They just plow through. >> Asante sauna. Hello. Hello. >> Hi, Nicole. How are you? >> All righty. Well, let's go do some shopping. >> Okay. >> Let's go shopping. >> I will gladly sacrifice my time. >> Me, too. Me, too. I mean, I haven't been in these shops for a while. I was so excited to go to the shops at Epcot. >> Yeah. >> Like a whole week without Disney shopping. >> What? I miss you. >> I know, right? And I actually, you know, I come here a lot. Obviously love Disney, but um on the last day of our cruise, I was like, "Man, I really miss Disney. I want to get back." You know how like it's your home? >> It is my home. Yeah. So, >> your house is being painted. >> I know. Oh, I got to get over there and see it. Uh, let's go this way. >> I got to see it before it gets all done. >> You were also painting your other house. >> This is true. We are painting the inside of it because of our repiping. >> Luckily, >> Luckily, we have no more holes in our wall. So, that's great. >> Yay for no more holes. Hi, Sassy Sarah. How are you? I love your name. >> It is. >> We should all do that. like, you know, sassy Sarah. I could be um I don't know, jazz. Jazzy Jenna. >> Let's see. We got to come up with a lot of J's. >> Um you can be >> Hang on. We need some J adjectives. Uh I don't know. I can't think of any either. >> Help us out. >> Jingle and Jesse. >> Jingle Jesse. I love it. Okay, we got Jazzy, Jenna, Jingling, Jesse. Uh, I don't I I I'm I'm just having trouble with these adjectives. All right, so we already have sassy uh sassy Sarah. What What can we have for Sharon? >> Um, snazzy. >> Snazzy Sharon. >> Shimmering Sharon. >> Shopping Sharon. >> Sharon. >> I like shopping Sharon. Okay, that's perfect. Uh, yes. Jazzy Jenna. Oh, joyful Jesse. I like that. That does. Okay, so you're you're jingling Jesse. I'm Jazzy Jenna. >> Love it. Are we sticking with shopping, Sharon? This is great. Oh, Jamba Jenna. That's fun, too. Reminds me of Jamba Juice. >> Yep. >> Do they still have those? >> Yeah. >> Is it? Okay. I remember in California we we had some. >> We have one at home. Nice. >> We used to have We had a lot of those in the Seattle area. >> We had some in Indiana, too. I don't think they're as popular here in Florida. At least >> I'm not sure if there's as many anymore. >> Yeah. Yeah, that's true, too. >> They had that one in Downtown Disney, though, in Disneyland. >> Yes. Is it still there? >> I'm not sure. >> I haven't been in so long. I don't know. >> This line is still crazy. >> For a while, that was the busiest Jamba Juice in the US. >> Oh, really? The Disneyland? >> They had some good stuff there. >> Used to be the busiest. >> Sharon. Sharon. I like that hat. >> Yeah, that's good. >> Sharon. Sharon. >> You don't have a Jamba Juice near you and we don't anymore. >> Sharon, I like shiny things. >> Shiny Sharon. Okay, that kind of fits. >> We'll just call you Niffler. Jam and Jenna. Oh, that's a good one. >> That could be Josh. Jam and Josh. >> Oh, yeah. That's a good one. >> Yeah. >> A Skywalker Ranch store. What's that? Is that wine? I've heard of that. There's a Skywalker wine. >> Yeah, >> in California. >> This weather feels like California. >> Totally. >> It's like so nice. And then it's going to get chilly tonight. It's perfect. >> So, if you're just joining us, welcome in everybody. We're heading to the shops. We've been on the safari. We went to see I know surprise. We went to see the gorillas and uh the tigers. Now it's shopping time. We got to see most of the animals. We didn't see any elephants or hippos, >> but the rest of them were out. >> Let's see. Let's talk about another sponsor. We have David's Vacation Club rentals. DVCrequest.com/tv. If you guys are wanting to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out again at dvcre request.com/dtv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. Let's go into the island. Merkantile. Merkantile. I never know how to say it. I think it's tile. Say merkantile, but I bet you can say it either way. >> It's like tomato tomato, right? Hello, Jonathan. How are you today? Again, sorry if your chat is not coming through. YouTube is having some issues. Hopefully, they'll fix soon. If not today, maybe by Friday at least. Still love this backpack every time I see it. Every time. I mean, we need a backup. >> Size is the one I'm wearing. >> It is. It's the exact same. >> It's uh >> These are really cute. >> $49.99. And it, you know, if this one ever ruins, we'd have a backup. >> Yeah. >> It's adorable. >> This is new. Mickey Mouse chocolate bar. Rice crisp. Wait. Rice crisp with pretzel bites, mini marshmallows, and sprinkles. That sounds delicious. >> Here's that sweatshirt I almost bought. ears. >> I know there's sweatshirt and the ears. >> Oh, I know. I want this so bad. >> And the t-shirt, >> but it was a little short. >> Yeah, it does. >> For me, it was Yeah, it worked great for Jesse. >> Mhm. >> I do like that. >> That's really cute. >> Mhm. >> Yes. >> Here's the ears. See if they have any new ones. They have all the ear holders. I don't see any new ones. I like these. >> I know. Oh, they're so cute. >> I have put those in my cart and taken them out of my cart so many times. >> So many times. >> I do love these two, but I do have the other ones. So, I'm trying not to buy. Did you buy them? >> Y. >> You bought them the same day that Rachel bought them, right? Or no. >> No, I got them >> this past Sunday. >> Oh, okay. You could You were like, "Nope, I got to have them." >> Exactly. That's exactly what it was. >> Got to have them. The tiny little backpack. Oh. Oh, here's the ones. Oh, I might >> Kermy Stitch Toad. I want Mr. Toad. >> Right. >> We should buy one and do an unboxing. >> Buy an unboxing. >> Yes. >> They are all one each. Please. >> Yes, please. Wait, how much are they? >> They are 25 and then um if you're annual >> I better wait. I better wait. Thank you, though. I want to make cuz I We're going to the expo. I want to make sure I have enough. >> Thank you. >> You're welcome. >> All right, we'll let you guys unbox. >> Okay, we'll Oh my goodness. What are these? >> Oh my little Are you kidding me? >> What the heck? These are so cute. They have a piglet. >> I don't have a piglet. >> Oh my goodness. >> Oh my goodness. He's so stinking cute. >> Amy says, "Add to cart." >> Wait, put them all. Let's line them all up. Okay, we need an Eeyore. Oh my word. >> That's just the cutest thing I've ever seen. >> The most adorable. How much are these little guys? $19.99. Okay, that's not bad. They are so cute. >> Does DVC work with the cruise ships? I don't believe so. I don't know. No, I don't think so. I think cruise is something totally different. Um, you might get a discount at the shops. Maybe a 10% discount, but I don't think it works with like billions or anything. They got the sweatshirts. Oh, adorable. >> Oh, that's cute. >> Yeah, that's so cute. >> I feel like these didn't catch on like, you know, like they thought they might >> I thought they were so cute. >> I did, too. Little light. >> Oh, we saw these um Monday at the >> um Festival of the Arts. And did you know in each of his paintings, except for maybe like these, um, he hides a little frog. >> Oh, no, there's still one there. >> Oh, is there? Oh, yeah. There he is. A, that is so cool. >> Yeah. In every single picture, you will find a little frog somewhere. >> I don't see this one, but I'm sure. Oh, yep. Here he is. Right there. That's like his signature. >> I love that. >> Isn't that cute? >> Adorable. Oh, is he on this one? It's got to be in there somewhere. >> I don't see it. >> Oh, here he is. He's right here. >> I love this one. >> So cute. Oh, there he is. He's on his paw. >> Adorable. Oh, that's so cute. Oh, there's a frog. He's on the little post. >> He's like, "Playball, play ball." That is adorable. >> Oh, yeah. Oh, here's one right here. Little little froggy. Tim says, "I give up on typing." Oh, no. Sorry, Tim. YouTube. Bad YouTube. Bad YouTube. Oh, this is so cute. Look, baby Kevin's. All right. Where's the frog on this one? Oh, right here. He is hidden. Not my dad. Love that. And they have all the Zootopia things. >> All the little duckies, which is a big thing on the cruise ships, by the way. Kids run around looking for ducks everywhere. >> So funny. >> I didn't see any Disney ones though on the Royal, but I was kind of surprised. >> Oh, they have some of the dinosaur stuff up here. You want to give a try? >> If you still want your dinosaur vehicle, they have it. >> I'm surprised. >> Me, too. I can't believe they didn't sell out. >> Look at these dinosaurs. >> Add to the bone. >> Wait, what's this say? >> Dinosaur. >> Oh, that's so cute. He reminds me of the one from um >> I know what you're talking about. >> I was going to say Fraggle Rock. That's not it. >> Bedrock. >> Fred. They live in Bedrock. >> Not Fraggle Rock. Hey, Cargo Rocks. Hey, Richard. >> Help us out, guys. >> Oh my word. We need more coffee. >> Thank you. >> I'm going to Oh my goodness. >> Fred and Betty. >> Flintstones. >> Thank you, Flintstones. Yay. That was way too hard. >> Sounds like, >> oh my goodness, that was funny. >> Thank you, Amara. Yes, >> Dino. Yeah, his name is Dino. Very original. Uh, the new ones they have right now are the bow, the hands, and the little hats. >> I have I haven't seen that one before. >> The cozy. Isn't that cute? They used to have the cars, too. They took them away. Oh, >> and I wish I would have got them because >> Carsland. Oh, this is new. So, you can put them in your hat if you want to wear a hat instead of a band. >> That's super effective. I'm like, there's a hole in this one. >> It's a hole. It's a purpose hole. >> It's for your ears. >> Oxalottals. They have all the shoulder pals. So, let's see. They've got Stitch, Groot, Shuby, Heihei, Zazu, and one of the Banshees. Looks like they're out of um uh Jimmy Cricket. I was going to say Jack Cricket. >> That's not it. >> It's his brother. >> Oh my goodness. That's funny. Starbucks. >> I like this one. >> She looks the best. >> That's adorable. >> Safari. So good. $34.99. >> This is one your mom has on today. So cute. >> Oh, this is fun. And they've got a hat. And then they've got it in visor, too. Nice. You thought I meant bedrock. What did I say? Did I not say Bedrock? They live in Bedrock. I thought that's what I said. Oh, this one's fun, too. I like the color. And they have the little characters in their safari outfits. This one's fun, too. It's almost like a little map >> on a t-shirt. Safari Mickey. He's so cute. Yeah, even Imara is in and out of chat because of the crazy glitch going on with the YouTubes. They have the playset tree life, guys. blah blah blah the like button. Subscribe if you're new. Oh. >> Oh, this is cute. >> That's very cute, >> right? I like that. >> I like that a lot. >> Mhm. How much is it? Teal. Teal dollars. $16.99. We've got Mickey. Okay. So, your mom and I noticed this the last time we were shopping. All of his legs are defective. Like his legs were put on backwards. Huh? >> This one's not as bad, but >> that's definitely noticeable. >> Uh-huh. >> Minnie seems okay. >> Minnie's okay. Sitch and and Pluto are okay. >> Mickey. >> Mickey, you okay? >> What you doing? >> You all right, Mickey? Uh, Edwin Diaz, $6. Thank you so much, Edwin. Thank you. Thank you. Oh my goodness. >> We have an upishable. >> I'm in trouble. I want him and him. I mean, I take any of them, but I really want those two >> jarred blind boxes. They always get us. >> These are $17.99. And of course, you can get your discount on them. >> This is the first time I've seen these. >> Oh, man. Doug is so stinking cute. >> I wonder. Okay, so somebody told me that Pluto, the one that I lost, >> um, you can't hear it move cuz he's like bigger, like like a fatter plushy. This one moves. >> This one doesn't move. >> I don't know if that's Doug or not. >> Could be Doug. He is definitely the >> And this could be like >> Kevin. >> Uhhuh. >> Now I want to try it for a science. See, this one doesn't move either. >> This one really moves. Yeah, >> I bet >> this one moves a little. But this one moves a tiny bit. >> This one moves a lot. >> Yeah, this one does, too. Like >> So, I bet that's Kevin. >> I This has to be Kevin >> cuz the head is skinny. >> Mhm. >> Darn it. Now I want to buy both of these and see if I'm right. >> But I also need to save money for the >> Oh, this one is not >> tiny bit. >> Tiny bit. >> You look like crazy shaking. >> I know. We're just playing in the band. >> Yeah. >> I'm really thinking about it >> for science. >> All right. Well, should we tell your mom we'll meet her on the other side? >> Yeah. Okay. >> Oh, she's >> Oh, okay. No worries. And we'll wait. Let's look at pens. Mystery pens. Well, I love that they have so much Toad stuff right now. >> A Mr. Toad. >> I love him. Look, they have Toad, Figment, >> Stitch, Jimmy, Jack, Cricket. I renamed him Jack. Fine. That's funny. Too funny. I like these. Swirl up some magic. Today is magic. A Oh, okay. No worries, Amy. Have a good day, >> Doug. >> Honorary pen trader. That's so cute. Oh, I like this one, too. >> All the Animal Kingdom ones. >> This one's cute. >> Which is funny. >> I know. That is funny. all the pins. And then over here, I see a new one for sure. A couple new ones. They've got Snow White and the evil queen, the queen in the mirror, and then Dopey and um Grumpy. >> I tried to do mobile and it froze. >> Oh no. All the freezing has been doing that to a lot of people today. >> So, there's just something going on. Okay. >> Um we found something else that we might have to add to cart later. >> They have up Wishables. >> Doug and Kevin and all the whole gang. Is it a blind box or you know >> we were trying to like I remember were you with me when the lady said Pluto you couldn't it wouldn't shake cuz it filled like the whole box. So we were shaking and some were shaking and some were not. So I wonder >> is not. And then the one that really shook we were thinking might have been Kevin. >> That is such a good I don't know little trick. I hadn't I I'd forgotten if if I was there when they talked about this. >> Yeah. I can't remember if you were there or not. A That's cute. Um, okay. So, I got something from Josh. Let me uh Oh, the bell one. Yeah. All right. Let's see what we got from Josh here. Let's see. Josh. Um, Mary. Mary sent a $10 PayPal. Uh, half a Starbucks on me from Mary. Aw, thank you, Mary, for the $10 uh PayPal. That is very kind of you. Thank you so much, Mary. All right, let's go in this one. >> All right, next shop. And Frogger, >> that was scary. >> Not going to slow down. >> Nope. All right, guys. Um, I'm going to switch to the Wi-Fi, so stay tuned for just a second and I will be right back. So, Wi-Fi, we're gonna get intentional lag. Be right back. >> All right, guys. Are we back? Are we back? >> I love that they're going back to like the classics. It's like when I was a kid, we always got a shirt like this, you know, with all the K the gang in front of the castle. This is classic. And I had a bag like this growing up and a mug like that. It's like >> I still have like this from back in the day from like >> I do too. On our first Disney World trip similar to that >> to the Oh, to the jacket. >> Yeah. >> We also have mugs that we have our picture on. >> Yes, we do. That was like a thing we used to do. >> You would do with the photo pass. You know, this is before the days of the Disney app. So, you have to log on on your, you know, laptop or desktop and then like print it or order it. And we ordered some to be on Monday. >> A I love that. That's so cute. >> I also this pencil right here. Did you ever have a giant pencil? >> Yes. >> We used to get those all the time. >> And then you you'd take them to school and then your teacher would be like, "Put that away. But but I'm working. >> Exactly. $14.99 for a pencil. They were not that much back in the day. >> Do your baton twirl. >> Yeah. Practice >> pencil. Too funny. Got your pack of postcards. And then Oh, this is a nice postcard. >> It's nice to see postcards again. >> So nice. >> Getting postcards. And for a while you just couldn't find No, you couldn't find them anywhere. >> Well, I used to get them as like pictures and hang them on my wall as a kid. >> This is adorable. >> $ 69.99. >> Most of the resorts still have a mail. >> No, wait. Yes, there's shorts in there. >> No way. >> Yeah. And they're the kind that it's easy. You don't have to like take the whole dress off. >> Do you see all the little princesses? Ah, Cinderella. Is it >> Oh, I see what you mean. >> Mhm. And it also has a little phone pocket. >> Yeah, little phone pocket. >> Yeah, it has all the princesses in there. >> Ariel, so cute. >> I love it. >> I like that sweater, too. >> Next Princess Ries. This is cute. >> This is cute, too. >> I I know what they're doing. Princess Race coming up. They got all the princess stuff out. Yes, >> makes sense. >> Clever. >> Clever. >> Whatever they are. >> This is cute, too. >> Just in case you didn't bring a Princess Ray outfit, you could buy one. >> Not that we're not going to buy a lot at the expo. >> This is really pretty. >> Yeah, I like that. Not seeing any new ears. Oh, that's adorable. >> This is so cute. >> And I realized it's a crop, but I have a short torso, so crops. >> Yeah. No, it works for you. Yeah, >> I love that. >> That is adorable. >> Uh my 10K in April is way the big thing. >> Fun. Oh, see now that length would work with a run skirt. >> Actually, it would. >> It's actually I think it's easier to have a crop top with a run skirt. >> I agree. That's very cropped. >> Yeah. It's cute though. >> It is cute. It's very nice. >> Is it? >> Yeah. It's thick. >> Oh yeah. >> I don't know. >> It is. So it wouldn't be see-through being white. >> Yeah, I don't see any >> ears. They have all of these guys. They've got this pink one, but then they've also got this pink one, which I love. The quilted one over here. Isn't >> that cute? Yeah, those are really pretty. >> I like the aqua one. >> Me, too. >> One of each. Yeah, I like that one, too. If they had a side bag in that one, I would buy it cuz I have this one and I love it. >> Mhm. But if they came out with one in that color, >> add to cart. >> Like these pink the pink and blue. >> They're also kind of >> Those are cute. You're not even looking. I love the Chip and Dale shirt. >> Sorry guys if you're not able to chat. We don't know what's going on with YouTube today. We just don't know. Look at the pretties. So many pretties. >> Pretty shiny. >> Shiny things. >> Shiny sharing. So many pretties. >> Oh, there's some earrings for me. >> Really cute. >> Only 125 earrings up there. >> Especially the ones on the very tippy top. >> Thank you. Especially what? >> The tippy top ones. >> Oh, yeah. Those are cute. >> I know. I love all the athletic wear. >> Mhm. >> I actually love this sweatshirt. >> Oh, I do too. I love the colors. >> The color is really pretty. >> And you have this you have this Daisy. So it would work. Need it. >> Wait, what's Oh, those are pretzels. >> Oh, this is cute. We >> Hey, Hersel and Margie. Hey, Marshall. >> We're going to go to get hot again. >> Yes, we are. >> So true. >> We're on the verge. There's my earrings I need. >> So many cute things, guys. >> All right, let's see what else we find. T-shirts. Oh, I love that Chip and Dale are here in their little dinosaur outfits. That is adorable. >> Oh, here they have the um the jerseys. >> They've got Belle and Tana. >> Rapunzel. Mini Mickey. >> I did think about the mini one. >> And Jasmine. >> There's some Dale shirts. Got the Crocs over here. They've got white, blue, and black. My white ones I have used so many times and I love them. >> I found the princess jerseys. >> Oh yeah, we love >> They're so cute. >> I know. Isn't it cute? >> I really want it on the front. Oh no. So cute. Look at the back. >> Adorbs. I know. Love it. If they had the mermaid one again, I would buy it. >> They do have the mini Did you see the Minnie Mouse one? It's really cute. We saw it at Epcot the other day. >> It's really cute. >> This one. Oh, that's so cute. >> Isn't that cute? >> I know. Isn't that adorable? >> Dang it, Disney. >> I know. I know. Seriously, >> spend all our money. >> Exactly. >> Jasmine. >> Yes. I like it, too. >> And you don't see Jasmine that often, so. And there's new ears, apparently. I haven't seen him in person, but >> I saw them online. >> Yeah, I think those are selling out fast. Princess jerseys would be good for the marathon. Oh, good for the race >> or sometimes random. >> I love it. A latte. >> I just want that bear. >> I love him. >> He would be a 39.99 bear. >> I know. >> Cuz I really don't need any more of those bags. I have so many. >> This is cute, too. >> I feel like that's a really good idea. >> I know. I love that >> for the straws. Yeah, >> it would sort of go with the shirts we wore. >> It would. I still wear that shirt. I >> wish you made a bag to go with your shirt. >> I mean, when do you not? >> Yeah. >> I almost wore that shirt today. So funny. >> I thought about it, too. >> I thought it's You know, it was like in honor of our race. >> Exactly. It's almost >> Yeah, cuz it's not like in your face, Disney, so you can wear it out and about. I actually brought it on the cruise. >> How's the signal, guys? Hopefully, it's holding up. >> Did you get your magnet, Jesse? >> Yes, I did. >> Okay. Yay. >> And it's adorable. >> It is adorable. >> All right. What else do we have? All the stitchy stuff as far as the eye can see. >> Hello. How are you? Welcome in. >> I did get it actually. >> Good. >> I got it and then took it back and then I got it. >> Okay, good. Cuz I actually like it oversized. I mean, if you felt like it was too big, I like that look. >> I just thought it was going to be too hot. >> Yeah. Oh, >> but I need to wear it like now. >> Yeah. Yeah. This time of year, late fall. >> Yeah. >> I mean, I might be able to suffer through it on 626 day just for the cuteness level. I could wear it for pictures and then take it off. >> Have my stitch tank top underneath. >> We might get really lucky and 626 might be not as boiling hot as it could be. >> I hope you're right. That would be awesome. >> All right, let's go see what's in this last room over here. Oh, there she is. >> Thanks. I know. They're so cute. There's so many of them. >> We're in the plushy section now. And they still have the little flowers. >> Hey, Tail. Marie Ellen, how are you? Oh, >> wait. They have Stitch, Chip, Mickey. >> Yeah, Minnie, and they have Poo. Okay, they have them all. I had a lot. I >> No, I got Stitch and Dale. I had to. And I got Winnie for my mom. >> Well, there's Safari Minnie. >> A cute. Adorable. >> That's random. >> That is random. >> Very random. >> All right. All the plushies. This one here. >> There's Kevin. >> I want to see if they have the Upwishables here. Oh, they do. The UpWishables are right here. Shake test. >> This one doesn't shake at all. It's got to be Doug. Watch it be the old guy. >> They have the up ones again. >> Oh, you see it three times. You have to get >> I know. Seriously though, it is a rule. And I was doing the shake test again. >> Oh, they have a stitch. >> Jenna. >> A >> I almost said Jenna Latte. >> Jenna. >> How serious this is. >> Oh. Um, >> my word. Wait, >> is it magnet? >> No. >> What's that? >> Yeah, right. Okay. Oh, they have marine. >> I know. >> He's so >> Oh my goodness. >> I think those are adorable. I I saw them on Shop Disney. >> Look at him. >> And Yeah. >> Are these >> It's almost like a must. >> Tokyo. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> They have the best. >> I know. They're all so cute. I love Piglet. >> And then they have a couple Well, they have a Winnie the Pooh one that also has a keychain attachment. >> Yeah. See, >> Ticker down. >> Tick her down. I wish these had a little keychain. >> They're really cute. Oh my goodness. >> And they have a Woo and a stitch key >> and something else that has a keychain attachment. >> Okay. So, if we don't buy a lot at the expo, Then the next day we'll come shopping. >> That's true. >> I love this plan. That that I can get the backpack. >> I like I like you. >> It's a good list. >> We don't even have >> Jenna needs that stitch a latte. I do, Emar. I do. All right, let's go check out the sad >> place where Tim got his Vietnamese coffee. >> Oh, right here. Okay, I have to. >> Right next to the Flame Tree Barbecue. All right, I'm going to check out this menu. >> See what's in this Vietnamese coffee. Is it like an African coffee? >> It's like strong coffee, like espresso shots and condensed milk. >> Oh, that's right. >> Sweet and condensed milk. >> Okay. So, it wasn't like a African coffee with alcohol. >> No. Okay. Sweet and condensed milk. So, it's like it's really rich. Never mind. >> Sorry, guys. Hopefully the signal is okay. I switched off of Wi-Fi. >> My phone signal wasn't okay. I know. It's really messy. Oh, there it is. A Vietnamese iced coffee. >> They have Irish coffee though. That's probably like the African coffee >> probably. I bet you're right. >> Oh, yeah. It says beverages with alcohol. So, there you go. >> There you go. There's a party parrot if you want that. >> We could just tease her though and just say, "Oh, get the Irish coffee." Because the Irish make really good coffee. >> They make See, that's what she thought about the African coffee. >> They also have this. What is this? Bunny Burrow Brew. It's hard to say three times fast. Bunny Burough Brew. It's >> hard to see what it is, though. That's what it looks like. >> It looks like a cold brew of some sort. >> All right. Well, let's take a little walk. And >> look at the building. They've already gotten this whole building put up. >> Yeah. They're really moving fast on this. >> That's for the Encanto ride, right? >> The boat ride. >> Yeah. This is so weird. >> Sorry guys. I know the chat is messed up. I'm so sorry. >> We know you're here. We know you're here. We appreciate you being here. Even if we can't see your messages, just pretend to be ninja watching. >> Pretend like you're just chat to yourself. >> Uhhuh. Exactly. I mean, I talk to myself all the time. I'm like, "Self, >> what should we do today?" Self. >> Jazzy Jenna. >> Jazzy Jenna. >> I woke up this morning. DJ Jazz and Jenna. I love it. I don't even know if people are watching. Oh my goodness. Goodness. Goodness. Let's see if it's working. >> Me too. I love Encanto. >> Really good. >> It is a great Okay, we are. It is working. >> I can see it. Okay. So, >> so I think that building is building >> or that >> right cuz to the right is >> that's >> that used to be dino >> to the right. >> Okay. So, that'll be >> Oh, that's indie. >> Yes, >> you're right. So, >> I think it's probably that. >> Mhm. >> What's this? Oh, that was restaurantosaurus. >> That'll probably be another quick service. >> And of course, the entry. >> The entryway. And do we think the entryway will probably be like right here where they had the entryway to Dino? >> It's so hard to get perspective because that's Daniel. So yeah, >> looks like a little carousel or something. >> Yeah, an indoor one. That's good. >> It does. >> Looks like they've got some little shops and things. Yeah, this will be fun. I can't wait. Okay, I'm getting some Laffy emojis. That's good. >> Okay, good. >> This is good. All right. Well, >> I'm really excited about the Indiana. >> Me, too. I hope it's similar to the one, but I also hope it has a little bit of differences as well. >> Yeah, we'll get it next time. >> All right, guys. Well, let's head back out this way. We actually have not been able I haven't taken you up to see the tree of life yet. So, let's go up front. Go see the beautiful tree. Keep mopping the like button and subscribing if you're new. Also, go check out um dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to get a really hard to get reservation here at Walt Disney World, go um to the app store and download dreamtable.co or just go to dreamtable.co if you don't have a iPhone or a Android. That will let you get the app and uh go there, put in all the information, you know, the the restaurant you want, the time, the pe how many people, all the things. And then they'll notify you whenever that restaurant becomes available. And so they won't make it for you. They'll just notify you and then you go into the Disney app and make that reservation yourself. Again, dreamtable.co. Go check them out, guys. >> And then our last one is Behind the Ride in Disney Demystified. These are two books on Amazon. Um, you can get the ebook, the hardcover copy, or even the audio book for Disney Demystified. So, go check them out again on Amazon by David Mower. Yeah, it's it's getting less busy now. About an hour until park closed. A little little more. So, people are heading out going to back to the hotel or to a different park. But wow, the weather is gorgeous. It is amazing. >> Got some ducky friends over here. Let's go see if the lemurs are out. >> Hello, ducky friend. >> Let's go see if they're over here. Oh, hi duck friend. >> Did he just quack at me? Quack. >> Quack. Oh, here they are. They're out. Yeah. >> A >> so cute. Hi friends. How are you? >> A they're so cute. >> Yep. So, I did learn that this is their habitat right here. And do you see this log right here? This is where they go in and out of. >> So, I wonder if they're waiting for that to open up. >> Like, is it time to go in yet? They go inside the lawn or top in. Yep. Cuz I saw them come out one day. >> Yeah. >> Come running out >> like a dog running into the backyard like, "Yay!" Oh, they're so cute. It is King Julian. How'd you know? Hi, Phil. Again, we're so sorry if we missed your chat today. YouTube is glitching. Hopefully, they'll do better later. do better, YouTube. They used to have a a different color one, too, like the gray and the black lemur, but I don't see it right now, unless he's lounging somewhere. They had the the ringtail ones, the brown ones, and then Oh, no. There he is. He's Oh, there's right there. Two of them. You see him? >> Oh, I see them. And then there's a little platform. >> Oh, you're right. >> Cute. >> Yeah. A They were there the whole time and I missed them. >> That's funny. >> Hi, Noel. A So cute. So, there's two of each. Just a chilling. I wonder if this path is open behind the tree. Let's go see. They close it at a certain time. Oh, I love this. Oh, look. It's a little Mickey. I don't think I've ever seen that. >> That's cute. >> The giraffe is holding Mickey. >> Adorable. Oh, the trail is closed. W Maybe we can see the lemurs better though over here. Oh, yeah, we can. >> Oh, wow. Right there. >> Yeah. Oh my goodness. Look at his little face. Hi babies. >> Oh my goodness. >> Oh, they are so cute. >> One has his head down. >> Yep. >> Oh, that one. Okay, here he goes. >> Oh, there's three of them. >> Yeah, >> I only saw two. >> Oh, look. Oh, they're getting ready to go in. Do you see that? >> They're lining up. >> I love how that one has his chin resting on his hands. >> I know. He's so cute. He's just staring at us. Hi, friend. >> Staring contest right here. That's what he's saying. Yep. >> Um, you win. >> You do. You win. That's King Julian right there. >> Yeah. You can tell it's almost >> Uhhuh. They're ready. They're like, "You gonna let us in now? It's dinner time." That is adorable. >> Yeah. >> I love that he's got his little hand up on the >> on the branch. Oh, he's getting up. Getting up. He's like, "I'll go in here in a little while." >> Feel like it. >> It's fine. Did your buddies leave? >> Go first. >> Yeah. >> Oh, he's he's thinking about it. Got got a little itch first. Oh, he's so cute. I just want to hug him. >> Okay. For a split second, I thought I heard a thing that went like dingdong. >> I heard it. >> Did you? >> Yeah. >> Okay. And I wondered if it was that maybe their call. >> Oh, maybe all the animals have a different sound that calls for >> it's a song. >> So on the cruise they did that before they announced something. Ding dong. And I was like, "What? What? >> Dingdong. Oh, we're in port. You can get off the ship now." >> Chicken tenders on the >> Yeah. Oh, that's funny. Hello, Gian Pierro. How are you? So glad that you're able to catch the stream as well. A nice chill relaxing day at Animal Kingdom. Hope you guys have enjoyed it. It has been fun. Oh, look. They're suning over here. They're like, well, >> they look like they're doing yoga. >> Every word they do. >> Okay, that's adorable. Oh. Oh, did you get cold? There you go. >> Oh, bye. >> He's like, "Did you get in?" >> I wonder if he's not gotten in yet. >> Hello, cardboard box. >> Yeah, >> there one that went in, but he's probably just sitting there. >> Oh, nope. Must not be able to get in yet. >> Did they fight? What did he do? >> Oh, okay. Somebody's getting feisty. It's dinner time. >> They're hangry. >> A >> Also, the other one is still down in the wall. >> Yeah. >> Oh, be nice. Be nice. >> And that other one's just sitting up there. >> Oh my goodness. I mean, I could just stay here and watch these all day. >> So interesting. >> So fun. >> Too cute. >> Yeah, it must be dinner time. Oh, he came back out. >> Yeah, he's like >> the door is not open. >> Oh. Oh. >> Oh. Uhoh. Did it open? Either that or they're fighting in there. Oh. Oh. There they go. >> Oh, no. They're then they're coming. Oh, >> it's like they go in and then pop back out. >> Is it like you know how sometimes people fight in line? Like I was like, it's kind of like that. That is too cute. >> Yeah, it it is definitely dinner time for them. >> All right, guys. Well, that was fun. >> That is so >> I bet they go in at like 5 or something. >> Oh, yeah. Look, they're just there. There is a hole. Okay, so you go in and they pop back up. >> Even the third one is deciding that maybe now I might >> head this way. Yep. It's funny how they're internal clocks, you know, like >> dogs are the same way. It's feeding time. It's time to go out. It's all >> That's so cute. >> All right, everybody. Well, let's head up here and get a good view of the tree. I also want to thank our amazing platinum members of the channel. So, let me find those. We like to thank them and read their names out every single stream. Let's see here. >> See if I can find it. >> Oh, we can watch them from over here, too, while I do that. Um, all right. We have All right, here we go. We've got you want to come back as a Disney animal. That's funny. Um, so we've got Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy 1, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, uh, Chuck Polly, The Amazing Jaylen Moxley, Scander Dani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Murismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our awesome platinum members of the channel. All of our members of the channel as well as Patreon members and moppers, hoppers, boppers, shoppers. Thanks guys for being here. Oh, I also want to show you the uh cruise vlog. If one of the moppers wants to post the link again, you guys can head there now as soon as we end the stream. Let me show you what it looks like. It is this one right here. We're boarding the largest cruise ship in the world, Star of the Seas. It looks kind of similar to the other one we went on, but this is Star of the Seas. Little different thumbnail. So, definitely go check that out, guys. We really appreciate it. We had a great time on the cruise. So, if you're wondering what Dale and I got up to last week, go check out the vlog over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. And whenever the moppers can pop back in, I know you can't get in to the chat. Oh, there we go. Emara got in. There you go. And there is the link. and go over and check it out. We'd really appreciate it. Thanks, everybody. All right. Thanks, girly girl. Let's uh I know. I love her name. >> I love her name cuz that's what I used to call Jessica. >> Girly girl. >> Girly girl. >> Was that when she was in trouble? >> No. >> Either. >> Yeah. Okay. >> Could be trouble. Yeah. >> Both. Both. All right. There we go. All right, everybody. Well, thanks for joining us today. Um stay tuned for Friday where we're going to be for Friday Night Live. We do have our 5K that morning, but hopefully I'll make it to the stream. Josh for sure will be there. But and thanks to Sharon and Jesse. I was going to say shiny Sharon Jingle or was it Joyful? >> Joyful. >> That's a good one for Jessie Mouse. >> Okay. Okay. I agree. >> And Jazzy Jenna. >> Okay. >> Thanks for watching everybody. We really appreciate it. And uh we'll see you soon. Go check out the cruise vlog and Mara posted the link. We'll see you guys soon. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
