---
video_id: 5XlDxtCmk40
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Opening Day of Epcot Festival of the Arts - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 1-16-26"
published: 2026-01-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XlDxtCmk40
---
We're going to do our best to surprise faces. Okay. Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I am live for opening day at the Epcot International Festival of the Arts 2026. It's a beautiful evening here, if not maybe a little chilly here at Walt Disney World, but we're live at Epcot. Uh Jenna is going to be joining us here in just a couple minutes, but she's at a media event right now um in the uh American Gardens Theater for the Broadway show. So we will be joining her here in just a bit. But uh I wanted to say hi and walk you guys around World Showcase and we're going to go meet up with Jenna here in just a bit. So welcome in everybody. Good evening. I hope you're doing well. You know, it's a little chilly, but it's not bad. Uh because it's not windy. That's the key. I don't mind if the temperature goes down, but that wind is what gets you. But right now, it's not too bad. This morning was a little frigid. Uh we got down to 31° this morning. Uh at least according to my car, so uh who knows how accurate that is, but I'm sure it's pretty close. Uh so either way, we were we were definitely down below actual official freezing this morning, which is very rare for Central Florida. Um, so it wasn't a hard freeze because it was only a freeze for like I don't know there's certain amount of time it has to freeze for but either way it was it was like maybe an hour, half an hour, something like that that it was slightly below freezing in certain areas. So anyway, um but actually yesterday was uh felt colder because it was the cold front was coming in and the wind was intense yesterday. Uh so now you know what I have enjoyed about it though is I've enjoyed how crisp and clear it is and that's one thing I miss about northern winters a little bit. You know when the uh it gets cold enough the the cold front blew in and the humidity actually did go down which is probably why I'm not feeling it this cold right now. Um, but you know, the crispness of the air. I told my wife, we got out, we step, we um we took the dog out last night about 9:00 and it was already like 39, 38, something like that. And we both went, "Wow, it's brisk. It's refreshing." And you could almost smell snow in the air. Not that it snowed. It wasn't going to snow. There's no precipitation. But you know how the snow or the air has that kind of a smell before snow? We don't usually get that down here because we don't have that crisp dry air, uh, crisp, dry, cold air very often, but it smelled like snow when we went out there. I said, "Boy, that's northern. That's Canadian air." So, thank you people from Canada for sending us your air. Anyway, it was actually nice. I actually enjoyed it. And I've actually enjoyed all day today. The air's had this crispness to it that is very rare down here. So, yeah. All right. Well, let's go around and find Jenna. Yeah, big. My dog loves it outside. Yeah, our dog does, too. I mean, you know, of course, he most, you know, it's mostly warm here, so we keep him trimmed pretty good, but we let it grow a little bit in the winter because, you know, gets a little cooler, but yeah, he's good. Seeing pictures of cold sun iguanas in Miami. Yes. Yes, it is cold enough for that for sure. 34 degrees in the suburb of Chicago. The high for Sunday is 17. Wow. Yep. Yeah. You guys up north are always going to be colder, but you're also like a thousand miles north. So, it's kind of crazy that we're approaching those levels of cold down here. Um, and actually, we were colder than 31 34 this morning. Crazy. So, and it takes a lot. It takes a strong cold front because we're surrounded by water. And even if the water cools down, it still takes a lot to cool it down here because the water is still going to be like 50 60°. So, it tends to keep the temperatures up around here. I don't know what the water temperature is actually. Anyway, weather stuff. Yeah, we sense it from Minnesota. Bob, it was you. No, actually this one hasn't been bad. I don't mind it again because the wind is not bad. Yeah, the wind gust were like 30 miles an hour yesterday. It was intense. I stayed inside most of the day yesterday. Let it snow at Epcot. I always got to let Elsa loose around here. Anyway, sorry if I didn't say hi to you earlier. I was just doing my little weather monologue. So, I hope you enjoyed that. It was impromptu. So, as you can see, it's pretty busy, but it's opening day of a festival. Everybody's bundled up and ready to go. It's not too bad. What is it? 50some right now, so it's fine. Emara Rosco. Oh, Mara. He's the one that sent the cold from Canada. Jacksonville is 18. That's crazy. I know Jacksonville is almost in Georgia, but still, that's crazy. How's the New Year's resolutions going? Pretty good. Pretty good. Um had a couple nights where I didn't get as much sleep as I wanted just because I got working on something and didn't stop in time. But no, I've been doing pretty well overall. Oh yeah. No, I don't think that's And I have intentionally been spending more time with family. So that's been good. Hey, Carboard Box. How are you? Live place. Hello. I'm not a fan of wind in the summer. I'm a fan of wind. Hey Rosco. Anyway, if you said hi to me earlier, go ahead and feel free to say it again. I'm actually reading the chat now. Would be interesting to have snow instead of Snope. Yeah, it has happened. It is very rare, but it has happened. Hey Matt. Yes, happy F Arts Day. Hey Tony. Disneyland show on Tuesday. Look great. Yes. And again, huge thank you to Disney for inviting us out. Not only today for Jenna. Jenna got to go today cuz I was at school and actually also we just got to trade events cuz she wasn't available for the Disneyland event. Uh so we got to kind of you know that's the nice thing about having a a team on our channel. We get to kind of share the coverage a little bit. But either way um it actually was uh Disneyland handcrafted. It's going to be incredible. Absolutely incredible. It's going to drop on Disney Plus on Thursday. Everybody can watch it. Or even if you don't have Disney Plus, I suspect most people here do, but if you don't, no judgment. Streaming services can be expensive. Uh YouTube for free, you can watch it on the Disney Channel. Not not Disney Channel, but like the Disney YouTube channel, the regular their biggest channel, which is cool. Current current temp of the golf is 65 to 70. Yeah. So that's going to it's going to always the breeze blowing over the water is going to always keep us a little warmer. Whereas up north, you know, the oceans get very cold. So all right. Anyway, hey Josa family. Uh what what uh Streamfinder say? Hey coaster dude. I'll have you know the Disney Adventure changed course. It's in Port Canaveral. Yeah. No, I I saw that David T was telling me about it and saw several pictures of people that went out to see it which is cool. Um, I don't think Disney had an official like event out there like they've done before, but um, we didn't even go out to see it either. So, but it looks amazing. The adventure, it's huge. I didn't realize it was like not a regular Disneysized ship. That's beautiful. Hey, Rob Fuzz, don't say you're a fan of wind. We live in hurricane. Yeah, I I know. I know. In summer, it's usually called a breeze. Other feels better. That's true. Streamfinder. All right. Remember when Disney Plus was like $6.99.99 a month? That's how they hook you. Netflix did the exact same thing. Remember when Netflix was $6.99? Now it's $10 for the plan with ads. Actually, we are ditching Netflix pretty soon. I'm I'm not a Stranger Things fan. I can see the appeal of it. I just don't have time to get into it. So, they keep taking stuff off that we like. So, we figured it's a lot cheaper to just buy the stuff that we want to watch. You know, like say you like a certain show, it's cheaper in the long run to pay 50 bucks for, you know, say it's a show with like 10 seasons, you pay like 50 bucks for it one time and then you got it. And if they take it away, then I'll just go download it. But at least I'll I'll pay for it once. I'll always pay for something once after that. Not paying for it twice. Oh, I remember when Netflix was actually a mail and DVD service. Yes, I remember that, too. The annual price for Disney Plus was $69.99. That's crazy. Annette loves Stranger Things. Yeah, a lot of people do. And again, it's a great show. So, obviously, you know, no judgment if you like it. I'm just not into it. So, it's easy for me to uh to um cancel Netflix. I think that's why I think that that show and Netflix knows this. That show is like one of the only reasons why people have it. You get WWE. Not interested in that either, but again, I know a lot of people are. Everybody's different. I'm excited that Disney Adventure is the first aligner since the Kunard liner. Really? So, what do you mean it's aligner? What's the difference? Adventure is a lot bigger, but I'm not like as well verssed in in ship knowledge as a lot of uh you guys are. This is kind of cool. So, what's the difference between uh besides it's bigger, it's got more decks, it's got apparently the Adventures got like four funnels, whereas the other Disney ships have two. Oh my god. I have a Roku and it has a Teenage Mut Ninja Turtle channel. Hey, that's cool. I'm all in favor of that. I think Roku has a Transformer channel, too. A lot of the old cartoons are on YouTube. Um, now officially, you know, people used to post them, you know, that weren't the copyright owners. You know, obviously YouTube would take them down and rightfully so. You can't post other people's stuff, of course. But, um, now like um I was trying to look for like old episodes of Transformers and you can't even buy them a lot of places, but um Oh my god, it's Hi, how are you? Oh my god, you're live. Yes. Hey, stream. Oh my god. What's your name? Lita B. Nice to meet you. No, that's my That's my screen name. Street name. Nice. Yeah. Oh my god. Where you from? He looks just like he's on TV. I got you on TV. That's awesome. I don't want you on the phone. Very cool. Are you going to go see the concert series? Um Jenna was in the concert series now and she's like needing me at some point. I was there at the 5:30. Sorry, hun. I'm going to I'm going to call you back. Oh my god. Can I take a picture, guys? Yeah, of course. Oh my gosh. No, you're good. Okay. Let me do a reverse here. Oh my gosh. Let me let me show you stream this video. This picture I took with Jojo today. I know you guys are friends. Oh, we love Jojo. Yeah. Yeah, he's awesome. I know. But uh he was so awesome. He is hilarious. You guys chuckle. I can't wait. Tell me if you guys can see this. That is amazing. I love that. Jojo's a good sport. I love that. What's the minute? Put the minute mark so I can go back and watch it. Uh 11 minutes. Okay, I'm going to go back and watch it. Oh my gosh, my husband is going to freak out. I love that on TV right now. They love your energy. They said I need her energy. Hey guys, and no coffee. I drove from Port St. Lucy 2 hours. Just want to let you know. So the Did you tell about the Lorana? I have not, but I heard rumors at the Disneyland event a couple days ago that it was dropping today, maybe. Yeah. Well, you're Are you talking about the pins? I have no idea. I just heard people say something big was happening. Lana is the card game thing. So, they have like these giant posters of Lana. Little difficult to find, not going to lie. However, when you get the little booklet, you're going to you have to like it's best to open the booster pack that you get for free. Okay. Um when you when you're there, when you allocate it, and then you get to trade and once you collect the four cards that are in your booklet, then you get to head over to like the it's like a that that lounge area in Morocco. Yeah. And then or you go to the Odyssey and you get to collect like a Donald car. I dropped everything off in the car. So I would show you guys. I would love you guys. I would show you. And then and then and then once you put all the stickers on the thing and I would love to show you guys the stickers. I know some of you guys don't like spoilers, but I tell you not to look. But then but I would totally show you. But um and then so with the stickers, you get the Rapunzel card. So, but if you if you do both of them, they'll give they'll punch two holes and then you could collect both cards. But, um I will say that they are allocating a certain amount. Um so, the earlier you get here, the better off you'll be. And um they're not even I they're saying one per person now, but on the first day there are several people that are kind of like, you know, what they do. Be honest people. And um and so several people got like a few, right? Yeah. Um, I don't really care about Lana. Sorry, guys. No, you know, I was I saw them at D23. The guys, some of the artists were there. They're super nice, super talented on D2. Yeah, I think about that. So, I'm not like I'm not into it either. But, yeah, people were talking about it at the media event the other day, and I was like, "Okay, it must be a thing." So, yeah. Yeah. But it it was it was actually it was smooth. The lines were not crazy, and it was actually fun. It was like a group team activity. Did you get your Figma popcorn bucket? I saw people carrying them around. I don't feel pressured in the in the pin line. Okay. Well, do it. You know, I mean, you got to do it. Sounds like you don't live too far away, though, so that's good. I live for two hours. Yeah, that's not too far. So, but yeah. Well, it's nice to meet you. Likewise. And I love the Crayola experience, too. Oh, yeah. My son is like a huge fan. He He loves to go I've seen your vlogs about it. I love I love I probably left like the best fivestar Google review on the Crayola. Oh, nice. Like it. I love it. Hey guys, like the stream. Let's go. Let's get it. However, what how many likes you got? Almost 500. Let's get it to 500, guys. We've only been on for 14 minutes. So, we're doing good. We're doing good. All right. Show some love. Bye, resort. Bye. It's nice to meet you. See you. I'm always looking for Leah B then. Yeah. So much fun. You're going to meet up with Jenna now? Yeah, you can come with me. Is she with Dale? I don't know. I don't know who she's with. Okay. Um, let me actually Yeah, you can. Yeah, you can come. Let me uh let me uh call her and see where she is cuz sometimes it's hard to find each other on the stream. Yeah. Here I was leaving. Well, see, so fun. Hey, we are um heading up to meet you. Uh we have a resort hopper that wants to meet you named Leah. So, she's coming with me. So, are you um are you like we're by China. Where are you? I'm just going to sit over there. Okay. Well, we'll see you in a bit then. We're not we're not far then. Um so we're working our way there slowly. All right. Bye. Okay. All right. She's in Italy, so we're we're close. We're close. So you you stream on a gimbal. See, I don't see this. No, this is the behind the scenes right here. Yeah. So it's on a gimbal. Yeah. I think I actually have one of these gimbals. They're, you know, they're like 70 bucks. They're not They're not expensive. And I just kind of I have like two extra ones cuz I kind of go through them. I'm kind of rough with them. I I used I got the gimbal originally for this uh Sony ZV10. Oh, that's a really good camera. But every time I would put it on the gimbal, it kind of be like it's too heavy. Yeah, some of those there's certain gimbals have like a weight limit. I have a big Sony camera too that has a little bit even bigger lens and you have to have like the giant gimbal and then when you hold it it's like 15 lbs and it's like Yeah, that's why I use this. I got the DJI for Christmas. Okay. And um and I never get Christmas gifts. Well, well, you know, if you have kids, you know, this stuff doesn't happen. But I got one this year. Well, that's good. And honestly, my husband is out of out of the room. Yeah. Because my husband always knew I wanted to vlog and then when Adam passed, he that's what he got me for Christmas. Oh, what a nice gift. I know. I cried. So that So Adam inspired you to maybe start your vlog then? Yeah. Super cool. Yeah. So have have you have you done one yet or you just kind of like getting it planned out? So when I went to my zoom in on the console here, it only went to like the Zoom 2. Yeah. So is that really the GI DJI? It only zooms up to two. Uh, have you got Have you got the Osmo thing or the sorry the the pocket whatever thing? That's a Jenna question. She has one. I don't have one. So, probably probably that's the case. The one thing that's why I like the cell phone cuz this one will go up to 8x or 10x. Okay. And so it'll really it'll zoom pretty good. But it's not as pocketable as the pocket. The pocket is pretty cool. Yeah. So smooth. It's very smooth. I know it's weird when I watch it, but like watching you hold it totally different like this. Yeah, it's it's really nice though. I can't believe I spotted you. This is awesome. It's pretty crowded actually. It's pretty crazy because there's a bazillion people here. Were you here this morning? No, no, I I taught school today and then I got here at like 4:30. Teacher? Yeah. What do you teach? Uh music. Did you guys know he's a music teacher? They do know. Yeah, they should. Some of them do. Maybe. I don't know. I talk about it. Yeah. Yeah. It's fun. So cool. So, what kind of you percussion or No, I teach uh I've actually taught I taught band for like 18 or 19 years, believe it or not. And then um I've kind of moved on into like I do like a upper level like almost like a college level music class in high school and I do like music theory and guitar and I teach piano and just everything. Hi. Oh my god. It's Jenna. This is Leah. Nice to meet you. Can I talk to you? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. All right, guys. We did have a couple super chats from uh Tom Miller 199. I'd love to suffer through a Florida winter sometime. Yeah, I know. I know. Listen, I am not at all complaining because I know in two or three like tomorrow it's going to be 70. So, no, there are no complaints here. But yes, I agree, Tom. Uh $5 from JL Missed Outfires on Disney Plus with other things. That's cool. Love it. Love it. Love it. We are keeping Disney Plus. So, hey Sean. Hey everybody. Yes, we got the we got the super chats now. I just I wanted to uh not be rude and chat with our guests. So, she she wanted to chat with Jennifer a second. So, anyway, beautiful sunset, right? Hi Josh. We just missed you were there in the beginning of January and caught Candlelight Processional concert on December 30th. Fireworks at MK News Eve. Oh, wow. I was at I was at Magic Kingdom on New Year's Eve. That was fun. We had a great time. We had a great time. It was fun. Hello. Hi. How are you? What's What's that? I did not, but it looks super cool. You mind if I mind if I show it on the stream? Here's the popcorn bucket. What's What's your guys' names? Rich and Debbie. Rich and Debbie. Nice to meet you. Yeah, there he is. artist figment with a uh color changing paint brush it looks like. How fun. A little beret and everything. How fun. That's cool. Where are you guys from? Here. Oh, here in Florida. Okay. Oh, okay. So, like like really here from Chicago. Okay. Nice. And uh Arizona for a while. Yeah. Then Maryland for a little bit. Okay. Yeah. Moved here. We're done moving. You're done. Okay. Four months. Are we four months already? We moved here about 4 months ago. Nice. And we're loving it by the annual pass. Super cool. We've walked past you a couple other times in different way. And we thought we've seen you New Year's Eve. Silent disco. We were in the disco at one point. Yes. In the silent party. Didn't want to bother. You were dancing. No, you're totally Yeah. It was It was fun to be there. It was very hard to express the experience through the stream because they couldn't hear what we were hearing and then I tried to put the headphones on the phone and that didn't work. So anyway, no, that's super cool. And I'm glad you guys uh are recent celebration residents. That's pretty cool. Yep. And annual uh annual. Yes, I remember that. So after we moved here, literally like not kidding, like after we finally got everything settled, probably 3 days in, we went to the, you know, driver's license office cuz most people like, you got a month to get your driver's license or whatever it is, you know. We're like, no, next day driver's license, go to Disney, get the pass, done. Yep. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. So yeah. No, that was that was a priority. So that's that's super cool. American pavilion. She's always hoping that one day you walk by. Oh yeah. She's working the night. We're walking our way up. Super cool. What's her name? Danielle. Danielle. Well, maybe we'll see you around. Yeah. She sees you all the time. If she does, she she should yell at me and say I don't know if she's allowed to, but she sees me have her say hi. We're walking up to her now. Are you from Chicago? Um close. Champagne. Okay. Champagne. Yeah. So I remember you went to Cubs game. Yeah. But I um originally Yeah. So I only lived in Champagne till I was one then moved to Indiana. So I don't remember Champagne at all. And I remember visiting later, but I don't remember anything about it. So but no. Um Yep. I'm an I'm an Ali and a Hooser. And right now I'm a Hooser cuz uh Monday they're about to they're about to win the national championship. So sorry Miami people. It's it's Indiana's turn. They've never had one. It's their turn. You know, I'm like that though. I like even if like that's my team, but also it's cool to see teams that have never won before win. Spread the love. Yeah. It's nice to meet you guys. Take care. See you. All right, guys. Well, thank you so much for hanging out with us and um meeting all the awesome people that we've been meeting tonight and um Oh, look. Spaceship of Birth Squirrel. Spaceship of Earth is um is patterning. It's fun. So, again, sorry Miami people. Well, if you're a Miami fan, hey, listen, that's totally fine. Like, it's your team. Support your team. It's what you're supposed to do. But man, are you He says, "Go Canes." Hey, go for it. Anything can happen. Yes, I've seen a lot of people wearing Who's your stuff. Would love to live in celebrations. Their house are up. There's a hopper out there that would like to give me a $1.2 million. They have a house that's all picked. You know, when we moved here, um, the houses were over our price range, but not by a lot. Oh, wait. That's a good shot. Hold on. Please hold. Yep, that's a good shot. Now it looks like fireworks. thumbnail Bama fan who lived in Fischers for a while. Go Hoosiers win it all. Nice. And to be clear, Bama, you know, Bama's had their years and they've been an amazing team. And actually, a lot of people are comparing IU's style because of uh Signetti working with Nick Sabin, you know, at one point or for a while. I don't know the whole story very well, but um you know, kind of comparing Indiana to a very very complete Alabama team of the past, which is super cool. There's rumors of the NFL being interested in Signetti. Well, of course, he's done some amazing stuff. So, I just Yeah, it's it's really cool. So, hello. Hi, everybody. I'm here. You are. How was the show? It was amazing. Yeah. So good. I took some clips. I haven't put them up on haven't had time to put them on. Well, put them up. Get to work. No, I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. Where are we going? Um, I don't care. I mean, um, I'd like to try some food at some point cuz I haven't had any dinner, but we can walk around and enjoy until then. But it's cold out here. Yeah. You know, I don't It doesn't bother me right now as much because it's not windy. That's true. So, I don't mind the cold as long as it's not blowing right in my face. Yeah. This morning it was colder. It was so cold this morning. Yeah. Well, I was driving to school. It said 31. So, we actually hit the It wasn't windchill. We hit the real freezing mark. Really? Okay. My car didn't say that, but Well, I was out in the out in the country, it gets colder. Yeah. Gotcha. So, out in the country, it did. It may not have hit it here at Disney World, but I think it was 34 when I parked my car. Okay. Still pretty cold. And also, you know, it's negligible. Like certain thermostat, certain thermometers do certain things. Anyway, super cool. Can we see some actual Festival of the Art stuff? Yeah, we will. Look, Festival of the Art stuff. Sorry, we're just meeting some people and then Jenna was Jenna was doing media stuff. Yeah, media things. This is the passholder shirt. Backside of shirt. I like the color. Yeah, that's cool. Like a little I called it an art bag. You know, you bring your your It does. It looks like a pencil case or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. $5 to jail. Do you have a favorite scene from Mrs. Doubtfire? Ah, they're all good. I don't know. Robin Williams is great. I don't have a favorite specific scene, but Spirit Jersey. I haven't actually seen it for a long time. Like I love it just as but I I don't like I remember a little bit. And the bow is detachable which I love. Yeah. If the water still flows, it ain't cold. There's Noah's art. He's one of my faves. Should we go? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, we can. I guess we're already over here. We might as well just start making our way through the booths. So, yeah, it's We missed our Yeah, you got to go when it's time to go. You did. Somebody said, "Can we see some not Festival of the Arts stuff?" Yes. Wait. Yes. This tree. It's beautiful though. Uh, will there any be any videos this weekend? I will be live tomorrow. Uh, probably. Uh, probably Magic. We'll see. I don't know. I'll be live tomorrow. Magic. Um, probably. And is this the one Dale and I bought? We actually have it in our living room or in our hallway. This is the other one that's hard to see. Kind of see it, but yeah, it's kind of dark. Designed it. He even um put our names on the cups and then he because it says August or at least it did. I think there's cups there. I promise. Well, and then the calendar he wrote our um anniversary on there cuz our anniversary is in August. That's fun. Yeah. All right, everybody. I like that wall. Yeah, that's Oh, that's actually very similar to a picture of him that's in the uh Wilderness Lodge where they show all his train stuff. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Speaking of which, you are going to love Disneyland Handcraft. I can't wait to see it. That show. And it comes out on Disney Plus. Yes. And and Disney's YouTube channel. I wish I Okay. Wish I could have been able to go with you, but I know. No, it was um it was crazy good. Everything was amazing about it. Like Yeah. You guys have to watch it. It's like curl up with some popcorn in your family. Like it's worth it's worth that kind of a a moment. Yeah. Like don't put it on while you're doing something else. Actually, really you have to see it. I'm excited. One thing you'll be immediately stunned by is like 1955 was a very different time. Yeah, totally. Well, they were all the constru Oh, right. All the construction. There were very few hard hats. Oh. Like at all. Okay. And the whole handcrafted thing. They really showed like that's why I guess she picked the title. They really showed like they did like so much stuff just by hand. Like they were just, you know, all the texturing of the castle bricks and you appreciate you're like, "Oh my gosh, so that's how they made the castle bricks look like that." And it's just like each brick individually. It's really cool. And you just appreciate like, whoa, okay, next time I go by Sleeping Beauty Castle, I'm going to be Or even I'm sure Cinderella was very similar. Like, oh, they didn't buy the bricks like that. Like, they actually made each one look a certain way. It was very painstaking. That's awesome. And the fact that it was still dirt everywhere 2 months before it opened is just mind-blowing to me. Like literally, you should have heard the audience every time it said two months till opening and then it showed dirt everywhere and people in the audience would go. Oh yeah, this is the same that they've had in the past, but it's delicious. We had this last year. Short rib and the black force cake. Yes, I remember that. I mean, the lines aren't very long. Or we could keep journeying around. I think I took the day off for that one last year. You did. Or was it two years ago? One year we did. Yeah, I One of these years. I don't actually have it. Uh I don't actually have the days off to take. So because I did my destiny, I had to which was totally worth it. Hi, how are you? Oh, thank you. We appreciate it. Appreciate it. You guys are wonderful. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. What are your names? Tom. Mary and Tom. Nice to meet you. From where? Illinois. Yes. Sweet. I was born in Champagne. So, where are you guys from? Buffalo Grove. Okay. out as a Chicago suburb. Chicago suburb. I'm just guessing if I if I if I didn't know the name exactly, I'm like, I bet that's a Chicago suburb. Very cool. Former teacher. Nice. Superintendent. Oh, a small district. Yes. Okay. Anyway, we really enjoyed. We love you so much. My first district was a small district, by the way. You'll appreciate this. I I've worked for a district down here of 90,000 students and I also started with a very small district where in the in the central office it was the superintendent at one point an assistant superintendent and then the secretary and so the HR department was the secretary and it just you know that and then you went to like there's a whole office full of people on the HR you know so it's such a different thing anyway so yeah well it's nice to meet you guys and you guys do a great job evening you See you. What's that? Yes. I figured it would be open, but it's cold. So, I thought maybe the locals would Well, I was wrong. We will see. We're local and we're here. We are local and we are here. This is true. But when I plug in the battery, it's going to charge so fast. True. So fast. Do you need to charge already? No, we're good. Yeah, I got a real big problem with the battery. It's just draining out the bottom. Oh, so Josh, you know what was really cool about today? You got to go listen to the Broadway performers. Oh, there's four of them there. Two here and then two others. Oh, I think did you do that in American Adventure? No, it was in the Living Seas where we went to the um the wedding. Oh, in the wedding or in the in the Living Seas event area. Yes. How fun. Ah, I'm jealous. I love going in there. That is one that is one place that you don't usually get to go. Oh, it was beautiful. They had breakfast for us in there and everything. So, thanks Disney again for inviting us. Yes. Thanks Disney for inviting us to Festival of the Arts. I I would have gone and I was totally invited. I just wanted to I needed to not take another day off. Uh because the Destiny was amazing and totally worth all four days off. 100%. But um I also wanted to answer somebody's question. They said, "What show is Josh talking about?" It's called Disneyland Handcrafted. They invited me to a well they invited both of us to a premiere. um at um um at the AMC. So, it's going to be out on Disney Plus on January 22nd called Disneyland Handcrafted. Very cool. Oh, yeah. I wasn't trying to keep the guy off the stream. I just forgot to ask them if they wanted to be on the stream. Oh, some really cool stuff. Look at that. My eye is immediately drawn to this over here. That is super cool. And with the sunset illuminations. Yeah. Oh, Tim taught in a small district in Rockford, Chicago public schools. The job is still to teach music. Yeah. That's what my host teacher of student teaching used to say. I just teach who shows up. Like I mean like meaning you you teach whoever's you know you teach whoever is in your room and you teach what what they need to see. So yeah I like the window. So I got this picture earlier while you were talking to Leah. Oh very nice. Thumbnail. Yeah. She was very sweet. Yes. She was she was very excited and very very very nice. Very nice. She was showing me her picture with Jojo. Did she show you that? Yes. So cute. This is cool, too. Oh, they have this is Port Orleans. Yeah. Fort Wilderness at Chip and Dale down there. Josh, there was a nice I went to see the tallest king with the stream earlier today, which is up front. The what now? It's also dark out. Oh, cool. They have a new living with the land picture. It's amazing. Okay, I got to check that out. So, over here, we have to make sure the banners are up because if they're not, it's not Festival of the Arts yet. Well, you know they're there. But they're there. I see them. I see them. Ready, set, go. Go. Bam. Banners. Just trust me. Those say festivals. They sure do. Trust me. So my nose. Better go catch it. Oh, I love the lights in the trains. How fun is that? That's cool. I love that. Passenger train there. Oh, Tiger Gal. Congrats on 24 months of reser bronze. Hi, Josh and Jenna. Happy new year. I'm so happy to be a member for two years and so glad to have found your channel. All your streams are great. Thank you so much, Tiger Gal. We appreciate you. All right, here we go. Walking along down the road. Hey, how are you? Do you think they um are doing the rainbow connection on the Space Birds again? Most likely, unless they changed it for something else. Yeah, usually they do that for the festival they are. Cool. Oh, that's cool. You guys never saw that before. Yeah. Anytime there's a festival, they'll put the banners on the town square in the train the train station. Are you using enough? Are you using a new phone? Are you in 4K? No, neither one. We're not in 4K. And this is my normal phone. But there are some times that I noticed that YouTube does upgrade the quality. I actually read something the other day that said that for streams that have a certain number of viewers and when you get to a certain level with your channel, they start encoding the streams at a higher quality. If more people are watching, they devote more resources to it. So guess what? The more of you that watch, the better quality we get, apparently. I don't know what the levels are. I just read that. Is that Christmas one? Oh, how fun. Yep, I see it. Let's go check it out. Beauty. Yeah, the park is very busy. Excuse me. Sorry. Know you see it. Oh, wow. Steph would love the Beauty and the Beast one, too. This is what Jenna is talking about. Besides, look at Tank right there. I know. She's so pretty. Wow. Several times of several times bigger than life size. Yes. Wow. That's amazing. I love it. Oh, yeah. You can get a print of it. How fun. William Silvers. How fun. Disney. So, the Disney's got several YouTube channels as you might imagine, but the the channel that Disneyland Handcraft will be on is just at Disney. So, it's their main channel. It's just so you you know how YouTube uses you guys all have them now. YouTube uses handles now. So everybody's channel including Disney uh their handle is just the main channel is just at Disney. No extra it's not Disney parks. It's not because they they have the most subscribers on that channel. So they posted it you know I think as they should on the most popular channel. So or they will post it. Yes. Okay. Either one. Either one. Literally. I mean when is it out or is already out? Uh Thursday. This coming Thursday. Yeah. This coming Thursday. They're actually showing in some theaters around Burbank I think too. Nice. Oh, and also, if you guys didn't see it posted around some of the Facebook pages, uh, it just happened to pop up on my feed because I, you know, watch videos about Adam sometimes. Uh, Tom Wilson, uh, aka Biff on Back to the Future posted a really nice long video about Adam, but it wasn't Instagram on YouTube. Wow. But it wasn't like a just, you know, I mean, it would have been nice a tribute and we loved Adam and he was great and whatever. No, he had a whole like I won't spoil it, but he had a whole u the channel's just called Tom Wilson. He had a whole like idea about why it was so important for people to like just vlog their everyday life and tell their stories. And he was talking about how like Adam would stand in the middle of, you know, middle of basically tiny little town in Indiana or whatever. I don't think he said Indiana, but in the Midwest and, you know, nothing going on. A lot of people don't even know about this or it exists. And he's just showing cars driving by. And he's like, that's real life. It's a real look at what the country looks like. It's a real look at the like Adam was showing America. And he said, how do you say it? Like sociologists and anthropologists, people that actually like study people and culture, like they should really be thankful to vloggers like Adam cuz they're like capturing America in real time. You know, it's like uploaded the next day. I was like, "How cool." So Tom Yeah, Tom really really liked Adam and had so many good things to say about him. That's really cool. Yeah. Um did you see his dad has been posting some videos? I did. I watched it. It was very That's so sad. Yeah. You can also I obviously never you know I don't think we'd ever met his I know I didn't never met his parents before but um you can tell you know kind of where Adam gets it like just like if you if you hear our you know mom and dad talk you might hear some of us in there. Obviously we're related. You and dad sound a lot alike. Yeah. And Adam and his dad have a lot of the same speech patterns and things and the way they explain things and just whatever. And I thought okay two wonderful people and I I can see how where Adam got it from. So yeah, super cool. Anyway, that just yes, I did enjoy watching those videos. I only saw the first film, but Tom nailed it. Adam was a filmmaker. Yes, he was talking about how he was a filmmaker. How you don't have to be some, you know, stuffy Hollywood producer. You you can just grab a phone and iMovie and just edit whatever you want to show people. And he was like encouraging people whatever story you want to tell, you should tell it. Like it's so so so cool. Awesome. Yeah. I knew they knew each other. That's really cool. But the first time they met um and then Tom asked him to lunch and they actually did it and when they sat down to lunch he like said you know I think you're so cool because all that stuff cuz you and Adam was just like didn't know what Tom said Adam didn't even know what to say. I bet. Anyway he made me Yeah. But go watch the video. Tom I I knew he was a super awesome guy but just watching him talk for 20 23 minutes was like really eye opening just at how cool he really is. I will tell you that um one of Huffer came up to me today and you know said hi while I was at Starbucks. Yeah. And she said that you were really sweet and what you said about Adam on the night that found out that he passed. Oh. And I said that's really awesome. I said I didn't I don't know what he said cuz I wasn't there obviously and I was Well, that's the hard part about also the same day we passed. So I was Yeah, you were. Yeah. It was a rough day. It was nice that she complimented you. So Oh, good. I'll have to go back and see what I appreciate it. Yeah, that's it's So she said some people didn't even acknowledge it. I don't again I don't know. I'm not I'm not watching anybody right now. So I just my main concern that day was to make sure that it was it was real and obviously I didn't want it to be real. Nobody nobody wanted it to be real, you know. So I was just like hopefully it's just some silly really bad, you know, hoax or something, you know. obviously never should joke around about anything like that, but it turned out to be true obviously and and in the moment just knowing you know like a lot of people you know that really close to him and you know just had to take understandable time to figure out what to say and you know I just kind of had to react in the moment and I yeah I'm glad that it was received well. That's what she was saying cuz I was just trying to say what I was thinking. Yeah. No, totally. You're always better with words than me. And I'm always like, I don't know what to say. Well, there's time. And then there's times in my brain gets stuck and I'm like, yep, I don't I got nothing. But, you know, it just I don't know. It was very surreal reacting to that in real time. And when it finally, you know, it's kind of like it kind of like comes over you like a wave and when you finally realize that actually it's real and it's just Yeah. Anyway, so tough stuff. So, but anyway, we'll go back to um we'll go back to a festival of the arts for a little bit here. See what else. But yeah, if you didn't see those videos, definitely check them out. Tom and Adam's dad both sushi donut. Grapey apple boba. Do you see the name of that? Grapey apple boba. Yes. Not grape. It's grapey. Grape. My nose is chilling. I'm glad I heard the news with you, Josh. I wouldn't have been able to handle it alone. That's really nice. Thank you. I mean, it was cool. We were together and we were able to, you know, discuss it. So, that's good. That is good. Oh, sorry. So, what do So, we have that. I like that. You have to strategize how you're going to get to it. We can do it. Oh, look at Spaceship Earth up here. I love that so much. Look, there's three kids just like us growing up. How fun. Yeah. Yeah. I think there's two boys and a girl. I think that's crazy. Love that. Mom and dad might need that. Resort TV and math. 3,700 videos, many 2 to four hour streams and blogs. Average 1.5 to two hours. Um 5,500 to 7,000 hours 247 non-stop 4 to 5 years. That's crazy. Carboard box. Crazy math. They have a little one. Oh yeah, that's cool. Carterboard box. I love it. I really like that. Yeah, it's very cool. I've been transferring our videos or uh I think I might buy it film reels. Oh yeah, dad was telling me that. And so it's been really cool. I I uh last night I transferred one that I'd never seen before. Oh, really? And it was me at 4 days old. Oh my goodness. I'd never seen it. See why you Well, I didn't If we watched it when I was a kid, I didn't remember. Um but actually when I when I looked at it, some of them look like they've been well used uh like birthdays and stuff. I guess we've watched and vacations and stuff. This one almost looked like it had never been touched before. In other words, everything was in there to the point where it was hard to get the little the strip out. It was like almost taped in there. And I was like, I wonder if this has ever been washed before. Anyway, super cool. Yep. All right, I'm going to buy. Thanks, Roxan. All right, Jenna's going to buy the spaceship earth card. Earth card. While she does that, I'll look around a little bit. Oh, I love that Hollywood Studios painting. That's fun. It's good stuff. Obviously, we're not gonna be able to show you everything, but there's a lot of really cool stuff here. I didn't know there was one. Is that Oh, Basil. Okay. I was like, I I'm not placing the characters, but yeah, now I got it now. That's super cool. All right. No, you know, it's not really that cold right now. Like, I mean, I have a jacket on, but that's not bad. Uh, it's 50 right now, so yeah, okay, that's fine. We'll go we'll go over here. I do have my uh what some people used to call my fonsy jacket on. So, but it's fine. Oh, Jenna, there's a there's a canvas over here of it, too. That's pretty cool. Let me go back over this way. Is that what you call that? canvas aboard something. Everyone has coats on when it gets chilly. It's like a damp cool a damp cold. Yeah. Well, it is. That's actually what it is. I don't know though. This morning, I don't know if it is now. I feel like the humidity's come back a little bit cuz it's gotten warmer, but like this morning, man, the humidity was low. You can feel it. Uh right now, we're at 49%. So, that's lower than normal here. Okay. Oh, wow. Look at the uh electrical parade. That's fun. How cool. Why can't this festival start after I get my tax refund? That's a fair statement. Oh. Oh, here's a better one that doesn't same picture but same painting but doesn't have the uh the glare. An adventure. How fun. Oh my goodness. Do you know what that is? Wow. That is the original Figment Ryan. Um I mean, yeah, there are some prices, but I'm probably not going to be able to show all of them. like this one. I guess it's 329, but yeah, probably not going to be able to share all the prices. But I'm not going to buy. It's a lot to see. But yeah, I'm actually really tempted because there's there's a uh there's a print of this one, but I have too many paintings. But I like that a lot. That's the original ride. Yeah, Pigman's riding the carousel from the old ride. Those are music in that section cuz I'm a dork and I know those things. Oh my goodness. This one's called Magical Poly Nights. This one, the white room. Yes. The the look at Isn't that nice? They're just like having a nice evening on the beach. $500 with the frame. Actually, it's expensive, but you're getting a nice big picture for it. This one over here. I almost wanted to buy though. I'll show you. Not that much pixie dust. Do you see it? From the original Figment. Isn't that cool? That is really cool. Oh, they have a They have a little one. Yeah, that's why I was going to buy it. Not the framed one. Yeah. Uh the framed one is 329. 329. Yep. That's amazing. Anyone just create these? I think Yeah. I mean, I think Disney's probably got some kind of a call out to artists, don't they? Um and I'm sure there's some kind of an agreement and everything and I'm sure there's, you know, profit sharing, all that kind of stuff, but I don't really know how it works. So, um I'm sure there's information out there somewhere. But yes, I believe anybody can probably submit an application and then Disney chooses, you know, who they, you know, feel like fits best. I'm sure cuz they can't I don't have room for, you know, everybody, I'm sure. But they have a lot. Elizabeth, $5. Thanks for all you and Jenna do. Thanks, Elizabeth on PayPal. Thank you. Thank you. There's a cute There's a cute one over here. And it looks like plushies on a shelf. Do you see it? I'll have fun. Yeah, I do see that. the Figment painting. The main one was 3.29. 329 and then I don't know how much the other one was. Like I said, sorry. I'm not going to be very good with prices. It's just too many things to think about. But something like these down here don't really say No, those Yeah, those don't really have prices on them. A lot of times they're around 50 though. Yeah. Yeah. These are the prints are usually around Yeah. between 30 and 50 depending on what it is. Now these with the little that I know that I know this salon mounting. Good job. that those are a little bit more sometimes. Oh, well, here look. Oh, well, there you go. $49.99. So, pretty much a lot of these that are this size are about 329. Prices are very consistent. Mhm. A smaller one like that might be 200. So, yeah. See, that's kind of what you're looking at. This is Is this stained glass? It looks like it. It looks like it. I don't It's got some kind of texture to it. Yeah. The way they painted it. Yeah. Do the artist need a license to use Disney IP? I don't know. That's a great question. That would be a uh great question for somebody who's done it before. That although maybe because they're they're painting it to be used here. Then there's that, you know, I'm sure they obviously have for having their stuff here, they're there's a profit sharing, there may be licensing. I don't I really don't know. Me neither. All right. You want to say hi to all the people? Um, sure. And then if we find any food, I'm going to stop at a booth. Okay. Hello people. How to people? What's that from? Anybody know? It's going away soon. Remember the Montreal print that you bought last year? Oh, yeah. You did buy a print. Forgot. Oh, there is a Lorana. That's what um I think it's Leah, the girl we met or lady we met earlier. She she um had told me there's something about that here. I'm sure it's closed by now, I would assume. Well, I guess we can go back and look, but Oh, we can go back and look. Yeah, why not? Um, people in the media event were talking about it. They were excited about They gave us um the cards. Oh, you have the pack of cards. Um, you know, not the big pack of them, but like the ones that they give out to everybody else, like we didn't have to wait in line to get them, which was nice. Um, and then the little card to do the scavenger hunt, which they give out to anybody if you're there and they have them left. Cool. But other than that, I don't really know a whole lot about it yet. So, we're going to have to we're going to have to figure it out. Hi, Jilly. I did I did get to show one of the happy we met earlier had the Figment popcorn bucket. So, I got to show that. It's really cute, but I I'm like I don't need it. I have too many popcorn. I have the other Figment one and I have no room. But it's really cute. This country, the pavilion, not the country. Sorry. I want to say anything bad about country. The pavilion is a little sad. It needs more actual Morocco in it. Yeah, it needs some more things. Oh. Um, I can't tell if it's open or not. There may be a I bet there's a virtual queue or something. Well, I bet it closes at a certain time. Oh, no. Okay, maybe not. Hey, cardboard box. Uh, till 9. Oh, till the park closed. Okay. I wonder if you can just go on in. Illuminers Lounge. You can trade your Lana in here. Yes. Oh, card trading. All right, guys. Here we go. See what this is about. Oh, it says Yeah. Lana. Laurana. Okay. I'm coming to yours lounge. Hi, Vinnie. This is a cool restaurant. So, you can just chill in here. Yeah. Watch the bit rate and see. And they have like little looks like cards along the wall. And this is where you come in and trade with other people. Trade. Mhm. I mean, obviously it's card trading. Yep. Have to trade. I love it. I love it. So you now do you get a card here? Then you can get a special card. I think you have to get so many and then maybe you get a card here. I'm not quite sure. We'll have to check this out. Hi. Hello. How are you doing? Good. How are you? Good. Good. So you can have you can trade your card any card. Yeah. So it's a like rarity for like rarity. Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. Okay. Super cool. Very nice. Common for common, rare for rare. Gotcha. Okay. Are you streaming right now? We are. Hey, you know, uh I make Orana content. Have you played the game before? I'm not. I do stream interviews. It's super good. You should definitely check it out for sure. I'm Andrew. Very cool. Awesome. Here for the festival. Can I trade this for the Webbby? For Webbby? Yes. So figure out how to play this. Perfect. Oh, you should. It's super fun. Yeah, the cards are cool. It's first time. And that's the box that you bought today, right? Yeah. That's how you get you can get the Stitch promo doing that. Oh, I want the stitch. Sorry. Sorry. It's worth it. It's worth it. Where? I'll hook you up on YouTube really quick. I got you. Is that That's the platform you're on right now. We're on Resort TV. Oh, YouTube. Oh, on YouTube. Resort TV is your Yes, absolutely. I'm on I'm just another Disney dad, but I do more kind of content. Okay. Very nice. Sorry, I'm in the way here. I'm going on the internet. Nice to see you. Yeah. Sorry, I was just in the No, you're good. Yes. This is pretty cool. They have this set up. So that's us. Amazing. I'm on it. Thank you. Have a great day. Have a good night. This is cool. I know. It's really pretty. I mean, I think that's why it fits so well. Obviously, the artwork is quite beautiful. Yes. Um, you know, actually, nothing against the pin trading. I I could get into this more just because of the artwork. Yeah. And the card. The pen trading is kind of art, too. If you look at the pens, it is. It's a different kind of art. And baseball cards. So, this is similar. Ah, yes. And like our brother, he had Pokemon cards. We never got into that. We never got into Pokemon cards, but I It's a lot like that. I heard I hear. I love how she's got her shield and her armor. Go Snow White. Yeah, that's cool. She's strong. Yeah, I should open my Lurana cards in here that they gave me. Why not? While we're here, I haven't opened them yet. So, I'll let you hold the people and I'll open it up. Hey, Michelle. So, Lana is a card game. Uh, but it's a trading game, too. Festival quest book, and you can get these when you come into the park. Um. Oh, wow. The cards are pretty with the shininess. Yeah. So, these So, you have to do a quest like go around and fill put in your stickers. Oh, okay. So, that's how you get the That's how you That's how you get the free cards. Yeah, but they just gave them to us this morning. So, these are the ones that you would collect here. Hold them up like this so they get we get good light. Look at Look at the uh the shiny. I'm going to zoom it. There we go. Look at that. Aren't they pretty? So, we have Donald and Rapunzel. But then they also gave us a pack. Look, it's Bolt. You never see Bolts. No, this is fun. So, I I have 12 additional cards in here. Oh, and Lactate, you know. Got to have that. Okay. See what we got. And then that big box set that he had. I think it was about $50, but there's so many in there. It looked like a big box. We have Wake Up Alice. Hey, Cindy. I wonder what he meant by like is it the number or like I don't know. I'd have to look it up. Well, yeah, there's something about So, I mean, obviously maybe there's just a known idea of these are rare, these are not rare. I don't know. I don't know who this guy is. Morano Guzman. Mariano. Mariano. Sorry, there's Elsa. I know her. Is that a Donald Duck rookie card? I know, right? Baseball. It's baseball lingo. Honey Lemon. That's from Baymax. Yep. Stabington Brother. Oh, is that from Rapunzel? That's from Rapunzel, I think. He looks like it. Not Frozen. No. No. Heyi. Hey. I love Heyi. Hi, Michelle. Disney Lana. Oh, Disney Lana is a Ravensburgger trading card game where players called Illumineers use Magic Ink to summon Disney characters, items, and songs to earn 20 lore points and win. Oh, thank you. Cardboard box lower left corner tells us maybe how rare it is. Down here, this is genius. Can't believe they've not done it before. It really is genius. Yes, she technically could trade now. Emerald Coil. We don't know anything about these, so I didn't I wouldn't even know. A friend and colleague made illustration for Lana. She is Mariana Marino from Mexico. Okay. Okay. Gotcha. Mulan. That's her dad, I think. Yeah. Is he from Fantasia? Fjo. Uh, Cusco. Oh, Cuscotopia. Is that from the Emperor's New Groove? Maybe. Ooh, this one looks like a a good one. It's shiny. The others weren't. Mariana's from Encanto. Uh, Chester Cat. Yes, Chester Cat. A lot. The other ones you have were shiny. So, okay. So, they said, but these weren't. No, it's You're right. You're right. There's some of them not shiny. You can tell the rarity by the symbol on the bottom of the card. Oh, this symbol. Sure. Here, let me zoom on that and see if I can actually see it. Hey, how are you? Good. I don't understand. So, there's this there's this symbol. This symbol. This one's the same as this one. Oh, that looks like a triforce. Then we've got that one. Oh, that's what it Okay, so those symbols were over on the board over there. Oh, okay. So, here. I mean, do you want to trade one? Maybe. You don't have to. No, I can't. You can pick one. Hello. Go Hoosiers. Go Hoosiers. That's your hat on. We're ready to go. Did you guys complete yours? What's that? Did you complete your map? And you didn't do yours either? Not yet. Um, well, is this what you get? I don't know. Did I have to complet it or Yeah, I didn't complete it, but we had a media event this morning, so I don't know if they just gave them. We got here late. Yeah. Yeah, I know. You're supposed to walk around the the rooms, but they're all Oh, they're closing out. Gotcha. Gotcha. Trader people. Yeah. I guess you put all the stickers here, right? That makes sense. Yeah. And then we get a special blue duck or something, I think. Blue duck. Okay. Over here somewhere. Okay. Super cool. Cool. RPG. That makes sense. I've learned about these. I have no idea. Similar to Magic the Gathering, I guess. A shield is uncommon. Okay. Yeah, we have them. We've never used them before, but they are. Yeah, it's very gorgeous. All right. See you. So, they said the shield the shield symbol is uncommon. The circle is common. The shield is uncommon. Yes. This one. So, here. Let's go up and look at the board and you'll see what we're talking about. We got three sheets. Okay. All right. Here we go. Beanie babies. Yeah, that was a thing for sure. Usually on the left side. All right. And here with Ray, let's go. So here here's your here's your symbols there. All right. I opened up my pack. She's got her cards now. All right. So these are the the shield ones are the less common ones. So the gray circles are common. The white shield is uncommon. The bronze triangles are rare. Rare. The split diamonds are super rare. And the gold shield is legendary. Legendary. You I don't think you got any legendary ones. No, I didn't. That's cool, though. I do have a triangle. You have a triangle. So, that one's a rare. So, you can trade that for either of those two. Okay. Reminds me of baseball cards, except we decided how much stuff was worth, right? Well, I guess they were they were price guides. Can't really play a game with baseball cards. No, you can't. That's the truth. This this is actual game. Well, they just added epic and iconic. Oh, cool. All right, Jenna's making a trade. Look at that. Nice. Love it. Jenna made a trade here. Let's come over here and show me what you got. or not, but I liked the Well, the fairies. I was going to say it's not like you're trying to make money on this. You're just trying to just trying to have fun. Exactly. Apparently, there was a media event pack of cards that was given out in an event that were like the first ones and they're all in one of the guys. They're all extremely rare now. Oh, wow. I wonder what these numbers in the corner up here mean cuz I traded a three for a two. Is that bad? I don't know. Congrats on your first I think that's point values in the game. Oh, congrats on your first trade. Now you can be an MLB general manager. And Mara said nice. All right, I'm going to put these away. Yep, we can get going. All right. I love that it's still open. He's excited. He's got He got some He got two more of something. I don't know. You know what? It's so funny. It just reminds me though of us being excited about baseball cards. It's cool for kids to be excited about stuff like that. And what I like about this too, and I know I see some of the, you know, the younger kids in here, is that like it's it's something to be excited about, and there's no screen. No, exactly. It doesn't have a screen. Like cards. It's cards. I feel like it's fun. And there's if you're doing the game, there's obviously imagination involved because, you know, it's again, there's no screens, so whatever happens, you're imagining it. I like it. So here's again, illuminers are the people according to com cardboard box that like play the game. Trade trade mo here numbers or ink. How much ink you need to pay to use the card in the game. Lorcon is very similar to Magic the Gathering. That's what I was kind of thinking. Okay. That's why I was I don't know what that is either. Magic the Gathering has been around for a long time. It's a very famous card game like role playing u you know like magic and fantasy type thing formally is a restaurant decorations. So that's how that works. Uh let's go this way. I didn't know you could go that way. What have you been coming? Where does it go? It goes the same way. It's like a circle. Oh, no. No. Okay. It's a circle. I don't know. What's a circle? What's the model with you? Get him tattooed. Sure. I never played Magic either. The Gathering. I mean, there are whole stores devoted to Magic. What? Yeah, it got I don't know. It It got Yep. Right there. So, you know how they have characters in each pavilion? Oh yeah. Sorry. It's got really great lore that goes along with each release. Lore being like the story behind it. Yeah. I love these little spots here you can go through. So anyway, that's fun. I I'm like I said, I'm a fan. I'm a fan of anything that makes people be or not makes, you know, like you can't make somebody be creative, but leads somebody to be creative. Inspires creative play. Inspires. There you go. That's I love that. And you know, I'm always encouraging Liam and he does a good job with it, you know, but like, okay, let's he is let's put down the iPad and let's like do something creative. Let's play with something. Let's, you know, let's do something hands-on. Yep. And I think it's so important. He's very, very good at that. Yeah. So, hey. All right. I'm actually going to take a restroom break. Not allowed. Nope. If you want to show them this booth over here, and then you can if you see food, I'll take it while you while you eat your food. Sounds like a plan. Oh, okay. That's a thing that's happening. They're excited. I don't know what's happening. You got a 360. Uhhuh. All right. I'll be here. Wow. Okay. All right. Thank you. Oh my goodness. I love this so much. Look, Muppets Christmas Carol. If there was a little one of this, I would so buy it, too. Oh, look at the nail. They're so cute. Excited to see Festival Arts. Supposed to be there Monday, but had to move our trip to February 18th. Oh, okay. Oh, well, there you go. It'll be a great birthday. Great birthday present. Cruz veggie veggie. Fruit fruit. Oh, there is a small one of that one. I love both of these. Imagination. Let's light the lamp. Not the rat. Light the lamp. Not the rat. They are very excited. Yeah, they were pretty excited. A blue and piglet, too. I know. Adam all took each one. That's That one's so pretty. Belle, Ariel, she's so pretty. Cinderella, she got glass here. Tiana. Goodness, these are up. Oh, that's cool. Pony. Oh, no way. Wait, which one? The Chip and Dale one. Oh, it's by the same one that made the ghosties. That's so cool. Okay, go. You be in so much trouble. I know. It's really hard not to want to buy all the things. Okay. Pretty, too. You're welcome, George. It would be so nice to have a friend like Pooh Bear. Yeah. A, this is adorable. Look at the Mary Poppins ones. Twilight Zone of Terror. Sorry, the the glare is real. Or the shadow, I should say. Let's see what's on this side. Around and around we go. Oh my goodness. This is amazing. Mary Poppins over the Magic Kingdom. That is amazing. I'm going to see if they have don't have it in a postcard at least now. They might add it earlier. Here's all the Disney castles. So, yeah, I was just looking for the um Muppet Christmas Carol one in a postcard. It's okay. I know the smaller versions. I love that too. It's more my price range, but also I just don't have wall space either. Sorry. It's very narrow. Very crowded tonight. Let's go see what we can find in this. Add to cart. Oh, add to cart. Oh, no. You're okay. Add to cart. Oh my goodness. Look at this. So cute. Oh, they do have a little one. Stitch and Angel having ice cream in front of the Oh, no. They're having a hot dog in front of the castle. There is a porky with popcorn. Yeah, I kind of do want that. It's so cute. Groot. And oh, he's on the land. He's in the sand cuz he's a plant. This is how busy it is here. Uh-huh. As I saw you over there, and I made arrangements to get across the street, by the time I got across the street, you were not there anymore. And I actually didn't know where you went, I was like, "How is that possible?" I had my eye on you and then you were gone. And then you were gone. I saw Stitchy and and Forky. Josh, there's a Muppet Christmas Carol one over there. Okay. I want to see. But they didn't have a small one of it. I still want to see. I'm not going to buy either one. Yep. Okay. I'll be right back. Okay. That one's cool. Make sure you have room in your suitcase. I think they'll ship too, so you could always ship if need be. I love the poster looking ones. Oh my goodness, it's Wall-E. Love Wall-E. Hey, Chandler. How are you? There was one all the bears. Yeah, they already took it to pigment. Wonderland. You have the kitchen cabaret. Very cool. Okay. Yeah. There we go. You made it. Did you see it? Yeah. That was hard. Really cool though. Yes. Very cool. Um I'm gonna see what they have over here. No, it was the pants that were on. Something was ugly. I wonder what booth what what booth this is. I don't know. That was weird. Yeah, I know. You had to like jump out of there for it. What is happening right now? It was just like she was not going to move. Not moving. You'll go around. Exactly. That was hilarious. Hello, Dina. How are you? Um, okay. H, an empanada. Something spicy. Passion fruit filled mango cheesecake. I think I'm going to move to the next one. See what else we can find. You miss the Muppet Christmas Carol. You can always rewind and check it. It's really cute. I watch it every year. No, no, on the the pretty Oh, sorry. The the print. Eat. I'm with you. I'll follow you. Just keep going. Okay. I'll find you. Goodness. It's like Frogger. New Year's Eve again. It is like New Year's Eve, but less music. True story. True story. All right. Well, let's see what France has. They usually have some good stuff. You're going to need a whole suitcase. That's funny. I would like this festival more if it was like in the warm. Uhhuh. Although it's not that bad now, but I'm just saying like I I understand why they put it here because they typically have a drop in attendance this time of year. Sure. So, no, it makes sense. But and it's a good time to have the festival. I mean, it's not always this cold. That's true. Like last week it was 80. Yeah. On Friday after my race, we were in short sleeves almost all night last Friday. Yeah, that's true. And now we're not. Yeah. All right, let's see what's at this booth. Looks like it has a really long line, so it must be good. Uh, there's a sign over Oh, pictures. I love pictures. Pictures are good. Mhm. They sure are. Hey, Bri in a housemade bread bowl. Crab cake. Claire, that sounds good. Orange cream. Okay, I'm going to keep looking. I definitely need something like savers cuz I haven't had dinner yet. Yeah, well, we'll go see what they have in the Wait, do they have I don't think they have one in the UK. So, probably Canada would be up next. Canada. Yeah, guys, if you get the chance to go to the Broadway show, it is amazing. And they're always different, so you got to check and see who's going to be there. But no matter who's there, they're going to be amazing. What they sing this time when you were there? Um, so they were from Aladdin, so they sang a whole Aladdin melody, which was amazing. Um, he was the original Aladdin on Broadway. Oh. And um, did you hear last year? I think so. Yeah. And, um, they sang, uh, she sang a hunchback song, which was pretty cool. Sure. Um, they also sang Newsies, a Frozen song. I hope the Outcast probably. Uh, no. She sang um the hunchback from um she she was she changed ginger roles. It was really good. She did great. Um out there out there. Yes, exactly. Yeah. Anybody can sing. She did a great job. Anybody I'm saying, you know, you can change a man roll and sing that be fine. They also did Gaston. Um that was pretty cool. And she was Lefu. Nice. It was really fun. Love it. They did a great job. Hi, Jill. Yeah, it did look really good. I'm going to see what's in Canada. And then there's always those booths up on the side as you're heading up to um the land and stuff, too. There's this two new booth. So, we'll just go see what else they have at some point. I Yeah, I wouldn't mind seeing the Spaceship Earth stuff to see what's going on there. Yeah. And you haven't been in the Broadway area yet. It's really cool. Okay. No, we need to we need to take a tour of that. Uhhuh. I took them in this morning, but I'm sure we have some new people in here. I also did a reel. I did two reels on Instagram. So, if you want to see all the merch um and the Broadway um in Communicore Hall, go over to Resort TV, one on Instagram, and go go check out the reels. Go give it a like, a comment. It really does help. Also, watch our stories. I did a lot of stories today. Oh, yeah. I need to put I need to make a highlight of the Disneyland thing so you can still see it. Yeah. Hi, David. I did a little video of the red carpet cuz I was like, I've never been to a red carpet. Uh, me neither. That is cool. I got my picture taken there. Amazing. I saw it. Yeah. Oh, red carpet. Good job. Movie theater. That's so cool. Cool. That is cool. Like I feel underdressed. I have my I have my Disney polo on and stuff. Okay. Some people were like crazy dressed up. Oh, really? Some people were like in a Disney um spirit jersey. Disneyland spirit jersey. So, it was every everything. Yeah. I mean, it was cold that night, wasn't it? Not bad when we were in the theater. Gotcha. The craziest thing was walking through and they were like, "Pick out your snacks." And they had like giant fulls size bags of like gummies. Oh, nice. Popcorn. The popcorn boxes were Disneyland. Nice. I did see that. That's cool. So, that was fun. I love that. It was very cool. Very cool. Hi, Jacob. You're going to be a Magic Kingdom. That's awesome. Been to all kinds of carpets. Never a red one. Tim says that's funny. Same, Tim. Same. Oh, there's a Laurana card. They're literally all around World Showcase. This is Tinkerbell. I love it. Yeah. Um, trying to see who the artist is. Blood. So pretty. Oh, look at the stitchy one. No, I'm Who am I? Well, I love how colorful they are. Yeah. Yep. He's here. Can smell the maple popcorn. Yeah. Amazing. That is really cool. That fun juxtaposing the story together where they're coming with the torches and it's really scary and everything's awesome. Yep. Fireworks. I like when a painting tries to tell kind of not the whole story, but a big part of the story. Hi, Tracy. Oh my gosh. Todd and Copper. A that one makes me so sad every time. So good though. Stitchy on a surfboard. Goodness. Oh my gosh. Look at the Mickey and Minnie over here. Oh, that is so cute. If only the Magic Kingdom's awesome. If only it looked like that. I know, right? We'll get there in a minute. Yeah. I love that. Wow. There's Donald and Pluto over here. Goofy over here. So good. Wow. Look at the little mermaid. Wow. Again, lots of the story in one spot. Figment down here. Oh, yeah. Figment. Okay. All right. This frozen one is very cool, too. It is cool. You look at these. It's a lot of lot of things going on in here. Uhhuh. So you can really like I imagine you can you know there's Easter eggs and stuff in there. Oh yeah, for sure. Oh, Cinderella. Oh, Jenna, hold on a second. This is This is the I believe this is the This is the original. Oh, wow. That's amazing. Yeah, cuz you can see the brush strokes. Uhhuh. You sure can. How cool to see the original. Mhm. Amazing. It's kind of cool. Here. Here's the print. Mhm. Yeah. So the print is um 400 490 pretty nice. And then this is 75 75,000 for original. That is if you had that kind of money. Boy, I mean that's breathtaking. Uh-huh. It really is. One of these are original. Yeah, it looks like Looks like these are right or no. No, it says original. Sorry. This one is. Yeah, that one is. Love it. Oh, I love Germany cricket. All right. Yeah, I forgot my hand warmers. I have some at home and I forgot them. Yep. That is very cool. I mean, a lot of these boots though don't have the original. So, I mean, obviously, he is the artist. He's like right there behind us. Like, but that's amazing work. Uh-huh. Very like he was talking to some people that were actually going to buy some stuff. So, definitely didn't want to interrupt, but like but like Yeah. He was going to sign he was going to sign their stuff for them. And they were trying to decide how to have him sign it. Mhm. Very neat. Yeah, Matt. Very vibrant. For sure. It was 75,000. Yeah. But it's the original and it's big. Again, it's really big framed and and an original is something that is insanely cool. Yeah. I know. I love the Little Mermaid one, too. That was awesome. But I love the fact though, you know, art is obviously very expensive in a lot of ways. But I love the fact that there are, you know, options for everybody. Yeah. Like you can get it a lot of places, not everywhere, but a lot of places you can get a $50 print. Oh, coming in hot. Yeah. No, exactly. You may not be able to like afford every $50 print, but you could pick your favorite one. Uh-huh. Exactly. You know, so you don't have to be in 75 grand. Or if people have that kind of money, then great. Yeah. Then there you go. I do not. Nope. Sure don't. Those are so pretty, too. Oh, this is Oh, same guy. Yeah. Look at the Bambi one. How fun. Minnie and Mickey light up. Ariel. This looks like a big It does. I think it is. It doesn't say it though. See, usually it says it on that tag. Away. Looks like it is. That is not Oh, that's not that one. No, I think this is just an original. Nice. If you look, look on the side. Yeah. No, I see it. Yeah. Yeah. Very cool. Sometimes I So cool. Mhm. One of our art teachers, he he's, you know, thing like we have one that's mostly 3D and ceramics, which is he does some amazing stuff. And then the other one, um, high school guys, they he does painting, but he loves to paint instruments. Oh. But he'll paint an instrument into a person. Oh, that's cool. It's really cool. And one of the cool one of the things he said he loves the way instruments, especially brass, reflect the light. Okay. You know, cuz it can like reflect a distorted image of something. Yeah. So, he he cut he paints the reflection. That's really cool. Just had an exhibition in Miami and they said he he actually made like some life-changing amount of money. Wow. So, he's really really good. And actually, that was his first major show. I wish I could draw or paint or something. I I would have so many drawings of Chloe. It would be awesome. But that was super cool. I I to watch him and he on this come into my room sometimes when I was teaching band and he'd be like, "Hey, can I see the Souza phone?" I'm like, "Yeah, sure." He'll just like take pictures of it and then he'll go paint off the picture. Oh, wow. I'm like, "You can borrow it." He's like, "No, no, I just need the picture. It's fine." Like, "We're not using it. You can borrow it." That's cool. Oh my goodness. All right, let's see what they have. Wild mushroom risoto, roasted ba bone marrow, and citrus brazed beet tartar. Tarter. I mean, I love wild mushroom risoto, but I want something with a little more protein. All right, let's see what's next. So, that's Canada. Okay, that was Canada. Is that going to open soon or what's going on over here? This I have no idea. Great question. There's some closed over at uh at Norway, too. Yeah, there's um they're redoing that booth. I do know that. Oh, this is the one Jesse Mouse likes. I forget what they're called. Jasmine Becket Griffith. Yes, Jasmine Becket Griffith. Yeah, she likes this one. She's got a couple prints from here. She showed me she I think she has these or at least one of these. Oh, yeah. Red from the pirates. creepy but cool in Jerel. Who is Who is the girl-shirt makes t-shirts? Oh, you're talking about Oh, look at that's really cool. So fun. No, that's not I love these little ones. Oh my goodness, those are so pretty. She just doesn't know exactly where it is. I know. I mean, no, you're good. I'm working. Still working. They were chatting about us. I don't know if they know us or the people back there. I didn't know if they knew us or or they were I have no idea. What were they doing? They were just looking at us and giggling. So, okay. I'm like, "Do you know us? Do you want to say hi?" Yeah, it happens. It's all good. So, I was We have a piano tuner that was that was finishing up earlier and he was telling me what he had done and how how many he got done. But we were talking earlier. So, he's the one that tunes all all the pianos basically at Disney. Oh, you were telling me that. Yeah. Yeah. Tunes everything. Magic Kingdom. Everything. So, he's the piano tuner this whole area, but he just told me today he does the cruise line, too. What? Like, dude, so you get to just go on the cruises. Did he get to go on the adventure? Uh, no. Okay. Not yet. I'd be so jealous. He didn't actually I was talking about that. He didn't know he had come in. Oh, okay. He's been really busy. Like, gotcha. This is where I got my grilled cheese earlier on the first stream. You guys missed it? I guess they call him because he's he's very A lot of piano tuners want it dead silent, and that's just not realistic in a lot of places. Sure. Right. I mean, if it's in a stage, whatever. But he said for me cuz I can tune it no matter what. And I was like that's that's a great skill. It is a good skill. That is a very good skill. Um Emara says that they um close it for reverb. That's what happened with that booth over there. Okay. Refreshment port. So the adventure looks cool. Hi dad. Woohoo. He says it looks amazing. Hi dad. Uh it does look amazing. I can't wait. So it's I guess one day hopefully we'll get on it. Yeah. It was They didn't finish it and then Disney bought it and finish it because they don't usually build ships that big. No, it's a it's the biggest one. Biggest Disney cruise. It has four funnels. Uh-huh. It's huge. Oh, here. Here we are. We didn't walk by this earlier. Nice. 11 to 5. It looks like a a Montreal, maybe. That's what it kind of looks like to me. There's Imagination Pavilion. Okay. There's the land. It's Epcot. Huh. Oh, I bet the picture I bet I bet the actual final picture is down here somewhere. Show like what it is. Watching while cleaning after dinner. Awesome. Nice. Sounds good. I know. They Well, sometimes sometimes they give you the little picture, like a postcard of it. Yeah. All right. I'm going to go see what food they have over here. Ooh. Yep. I want that. All right. Get it. Beef Wellington, please. And thank you. Hi, Eric. Hey. How you doing? I'm good. How are you? Yum, yum, yum. With creamed spinach croissant, pin wheel, mushroom, gara. I can't pronounce all these mustard grilled flink flank steak, red wine sauce, and pickled mustard seeds. All right, we'll try this. Saying hi to dad and mom. Hope you guys are doing well. They say, "Hope you're staying warm, cuz it's chilly." It's probably in the 40s. All right. So, should I try that? I think I should. I'm like, it's cold, but the air is so crisp. It kind of reminds me of I'd love to go on a cruise. I've heard Norwegian and Celebrity are good. I've never been on either of those. That's awesome. I've only ever been on Royal and of course Disney. Disney cruise line. Man, it smells good. Good to see you guys. Good to meet you. Good to meet you, too. All right, I will get back to my sister, by the way. Hello. Good to meet you. You, too. You guys have a good night. Thank you. You too. Hey, happy place. All right, I will pass to you so I can get in line. It looks like it might be a little long, so I can meet you wherever, but I'm sure they're going to want to see you. Sounds good. I guess you can walk and come back. Okay. Whatever you want to do. I can text you when I get it. Uh just text me and then I'll come show it. Yeah. Maybe I'll go through the uh Broadway thing. It's like literally right here. Almost 3,000 people. Welcome in everybody. Thanks for being here. Don't forget to subscribe if you're new. Follow us on all the social media things. It's been kind of a crazy night so far with all the festival stuff and all of course the uh awesome people that we've met tonight. But please make sure and subscribe if you're new. Follow us on social media. Uh we're Resort TV1 on all the things. But yeah, subscribe to this channel. Hit the like button. Also check out our sponsors. The first one is mikytravels.com. Again, that is mickeytras.com. If you want to book your next trip right down here to Walt Disney World or any Disney park or cruise, mickeyras.com is the way to do it. They don't charge you any extra for booking it. In fact, Disney pays them commissions. So, if you've ever thought, "Oh, I don't want to use a travel agent. It'll be more expensive." Not true. Especially when they work directly with Disney like Mickey Travels does. They're diamond ear mark. That's like the highest level and there's only a couple diamond travel agencies cuz that means they do a certain amount of business with Disney and that they also uphold a high standard. Hi, how are you? Good to see you, man. Yeah, you too. We just got here like 15 minutes ago. Welcome in. Yeah, stay warm. Yeah, some jackets. Yep. My jacket and my layers, but it's not too bad. The wind isn't blowing, so we're good. Good to see you. Good to see you, too. Yeah. Happy New Year. Good to see you around. Have a good night. 13 in St. Paul. No, it's really not that bad here. It's just, you know, we're like I said, we're like we're like uh a thousand some miles south of you guys. So, it's kind of crazy that it actually that the cold actually made it all the way down here. But yes, no, we're we are not Minnesota cold, nor shall we ever be. Uh and and that's why we live here. So yeah, like I said, it was refreshing last night. And it's actually not. It's kind of refreshing right now. Now wind starts blowing then, you know, be a different story. All right. Once upon a stage. Here we go. Let's go see what they got in here. Just a few couple weeks ago, this was all uh Disney uh or sorry, this was all Christmas stuff. So, here's your Festival of the Arts merch. Jenna showed it this morning, but here's Figment. The Fidians are not used to low temps. Yeah, the lizards aren't either, apparently. That's really cool. I love that he's got a little bow tie. little can can this festival of the arts with a pocket. It's a pocket shirt figment coming out of the pocket. And then on the back side is this. Sorry, Animal Kingdom this morning is so brutal. Yeah, it would be pretty chilly at Animal Kingdom. And this is an outdoor place, you know, so you you you tend to get uh here's the back side of that shirt. So, you're outdoors more than you normally would be. So, even if you live in a cold climate, unless you have an outdoor job, you're probably not outdoor that much. Try with refreshing for 4 months straight without sun. Oh, yeah. No, I trust me, Brad. I've been there. Indiana's not as cold as where you guys are from, but it's it's cold enough. Like, it's not a not a huge difference when you get up there. You're kind of splitting hairs at that point. It's just cold as cold as cold. All right, here we go. This is cool. Wow. You show festival pens. I will try. How fun. It's a magic lamp. Rub the lamp. Like the lamp, not the route. Okay. Oh, the costumes are so cool. Look at this. Lion King. Let me go over here so you can see. We can block the uh There we go. The light. Get a better shot. Yeah, the merch is great. Oh, wow. Look at these costumes. I love the costumes. Burbank. It's 81. Oh, no worries, James. We won't hate you. You're just a lucky guy now. It'll warm up to 70 tomorrow. I'm not complaining. We're very lucky. Yeah, I'm from Indiana. Lived there 29 years. I am fully aware of cold. Like I said, it didn't bother me as much there cuz I just wasn't outside when it was cold. Unless I was, you know, if I was going to go sledding or something. I was super bundled up. That's cool. Wow. Puppets and things. My goodness. I live in North Dakota for 6 years. Definitely don't miss it this time of year. Yeah, that's crazy. Yes. When there's humidity and um and low temperatures, it goes through you. Yes, it does. It sure does. I love the stairway. Light the lamp up the street route. I love that. This is well done. Now those are awesome. Yeah. Give me just a second. Let's make sure we don't get uh lag. We seem to be okay. My goodness, this is a top-notch exhibit. Wow. Lion King. Epcot refreshment port is going to open on March 13th. Thank you, Debbie. Good to know. Now we don't have to wonder anymore. We actually came in like So, you can go through it either way. That's the nice thing about it. Maybe. There it goes. We're back. I had to flip on the Wi-Fi. Okay, Wi-Fi is on. So, this is where the the uh community hall not being um you know, all like painted up and stuff kind of works because it it allows this to kind of just be this um blank canvas for productions and things. This is kind of cool. So, it's like you're backstage. How fun. They got this LED wall here, but here's like what the rigging would look like backstage. Having been backstage several times, I can kind of like get in my element a little bit. I love being backstage. It's fun. The camera does not like the LED wall. Catalina, I'm doing great. This is fun. Stage manager like put you in the action. Let me go back out. We'll go from the beginning here. Oh, here we go. Look at this. Like 40. How fun. Backstage. Make sure you're hidden. There's a rule backstage. You guys know the rule for backstage. Here's Belle. Two costumes for Belle. Hey, does Noah, you guys know the rule for backstage? Here you go. Backstage. The rule is if you can see them, they can see you. That is the uh that's the audience or that's the rule for being backstage. Oh my goodness. Hold on. Hold on. We got to come back for this. We got to go show Jenna's the food. Oh my goodness. Wow. Anyway, the rule for being backstage is if you can see the audience, they can see you. Goodness. the work and the detail, man. All right, let's go find Jenna real quick here. Oh, look. I got the stage manager back there. That's cool. It kind of puts you in the in the action there. Those are so beautiful. Yeah. We're going to go find Jenna here real quick. We'll come back for that. I can't hang out with you guys. Wow. Time to see what I can do to test. See, I can sing it. Break through right me. I'm free. Let it go. Let it Am I getting copyrighted cuz I actually sung it on pitch? I should have sung it off pitch. Darn it. Missed opportunity. It's the backside of Broadway. That it is Beauty and the Beast exhibit at Festival of the Arts. I just sent Steph the dresses cardboard box, you're too funny. Sorry, I got to watch what I'm doing here cuz there's all these all these planners here. I don't want to trip on. It's dark over here. Let's go find Jenna and see her uh dinner. Beef Wellington. They've got such a br a beautiful park. And yes, that Broadway exhibit. I gotta go back because I want to see that stage manager's calling area because I've never been to stage manager, but I know the stage managers, you know, and I I watch them work and it's fascinating. It's very fascinating. Sorry, I get distracted by the beauty of Epcot sometimes. It's a thing that happens. All right. All right. So, what else do we have? Let's see. We talked about Mickey Travels. Just go to mickeyras.com. Again, that's mickeyras.com to book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World. MickeyS.com. Uh, also Mickeyblog.com where all the latest Disney news blog.com for all the latest Disney news and miktyrs.com to book your next trip. Also check out um what's the other thing? Oh, Resorttv1 Homes. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, check out resorttv1homes.com. Again, that's resorttv1homes.com. We just sold a house. Just closed a house the other day, like a week ago. So, definitely check that out. It's resortbomes.com. Oo, smoking. Yeah, resort tv1. That smells really good. Resorttv1homes.com. Click on contact us. We are brokered by EXP Realy. And check them out. resort TV1homes.com. There she is. I love all the little snowflakes and stuff. How fun is that? All right. Wow. I just saw the Beauty and the Beast stuff. Holy cow. I went in backwards, but amazing. Sorry, I started eating cuz Yeah, it's so good. The pastry is flaky. Amazing. The beef is delish. Nice. The sauce. Get this. It's amazing. And they made it fresh. Beef Wellington's good. There was a line, so everybody wanted it fresh. Awesome. I love that. Mhm. We're talking about how they they they had little backstage views in there. And one of them is the stage manager. Dan says, "I stage manage a bunch of community theater productions. Hurting cats is easy by comparison." Oh, yeah. For sure. Stage manager is a very hard job. It's like you're the you're the main traffic cop. Mhm. You got to tell everybody where to go. Yeah. Where? It's all figment up. Okay, here. Hold on, guys. We're going to just real quick lag while I take off the Wi-Fi. Well, I shall. Yeah, that carpet is great. Okay, I'm going to go back and finish the exhibit. Uh, yes I am cuz Yeah, it's also on our reel on Instagram. Okay, go check out the in Insta reel. I I have more stuff to post from Disneyland, but I've been so busy. Um, Disneyland Handcrafted because uh actually, you know, the director was there, Leslie Eyeworks, and uh she gave some awesome amazing like insights on things. That's cool. So, that was cool. Yeah. I one thing and I've told people this again when you watch it you will be shocked by how close Disneyland was to not ever opening ever. Really? Oh yeah. They said on there the original budget was 4 million and then when they hit 20 million like they stopped getting money from the banks. I remember. Yeah. And not just that, but um several people were were you know on recordings like Imagineers and Project Managers people that work directly with Walt said, "Yeah, Walt and I drove out to I drove out to Disneyland with Walt, you know, whatever." And he just basically like was he said he said, "I'm in a panic. I'm worried we might not get there. I'm worried can't do it. And when they were doing all the foundations and stuff and they were he was like, you know, Joe Joe Fowler is doing a great job, but like we've spent over half we spent like twothirds of the budget and we haven't even built anything above ground yet. Like it, you know, just it nobody had ever done that before like a real beautiful park. Anyway, so like I said, it was just amazing. And then like they had to open it to make money so they could finish it and then it I don't know, whatever. It's just very inspiring. And the fact of the matter was the reason it opened was because everybody involved was just absolutely determined to make it open no matter what. And that's why it opened because people were just not going to allow it not to. So super cool. I'll be right back. Or just text me and I can meet you at Odyssey. Okay. All right. Yeah. I don't know. It's just, like I said, it was just so inspiring to see Disneyland and see the the the toil, the struggle it took for people to uh, you know, for for it to be finished at all. I said table stable and there's a perfectly good trash can. Yeah, for sure. Not sure. Yeah, but it wasn't quite to the level of what Disneyland was. All right. Is this the first day of Festival of the Arts or Winter Festival? I know. 49°. Hey, if you watched uh my 24/7 channel earlier, I got the, you know, Resort TV 24/7 if you want to check it out. But on Resort TV 24/7, you could see uh the temperature this morning. Uh when I got up, it said like 37 in the on the uh or 38, something like that. that that temperature never went down as far as it did in my car. So maybe downtown it wasn't as cold, but still it's kind of weird to look at a look at videos of uh of Disney and see like temperatures of like 38. Hey, classy Disney mom. Uh so yeah. Yeah, right now we're at 48. Anaheim 75. Vincen's where I grew up. Jenn and I grew up. Vincenz is currently um Vincenz is currently 33. It was colder than that this morning here. Is she bigger than me? All right. So, we're going to see what's going on here. Let's go back in here and finish this up. This was so cool. I do like Communicore Hall for this reason that it is a flexible space for the festivals. That is cool. I'd love to see and maybe they will do this next time there's a uh a park anniversary like for the 45th, especially for the 50th of Epcot. Can we please have a um can we please have a um park history exhibit in here? Pretty please. All right. Here, let me turn on the Wi-Fi again. should be back. Okay. 26 in New York. Nice. Okay. Get a better look at the costumes here. It tells you who designed the costumes. Yeah. Park history would be great, wouldn't it? I love all the love for newsies at these places. Rufasa and Simba on Pride Rock. It says Oh wow. I have conducted this over to Little Mermaid. Ready? How funny. I can still see the score in my head. If they would open it with an exhibit like this, no one would have criticized the space. That's 100% fair. They actually should have just to show like what it was going to be. Okay, so this is um obviously makeup. Oh wow. It shows how a actor might get makeup to play the beast. 268 268. Hear that little mermaid in the background. It's kind of crazy to think that a high school orchestra could play it at all. We did. Here, I want to go over see the Oh, wow. Here's Be Our Guest backstage. Most people will never get to see this. Lights 269.6. Your stage manager. Lights 7. Go. Lights point8. Go. Oh, he's calling this show. How fun. It's all synced up. Go. Lights.5. Go. How fun. Lights 271. Go. You can see it change. Lights 272. Go. Lights.5. Go. So, the light cues all have numbers obviously. Lights. 273. Go. And then the color. 274. Go. So that's the that's the the book they would have and I'm sure they'd all have the jackets and everything. Yeah, that's super cool. I love that. That's why this cast on Thanksgiving. Absolutely incredible. How fun. Let me see if my wife is available. She might she's gonna want to see this. I love this. She might be watching now. up now. This is so cool. Oh, how pretty. I love Broadway. Anyway, oh, here's some of the props. That's so cool. And again, you don't ever get to get up this close to the costumes, but they're just exquisite. It kind of spices up like the the you know what's in the uh original movie. Oh wow, there's a giant Aladdin lamp outside. How fun. And here's the set design for Beauty and the Beast. a Broadway show about vlogging. Why not? Let me get a closeup on this. Look at that. Yeah. Isn't that cool? Yeah. Let's go real close on this on this uh bird here. Yes. This is This is beaded. That's what I'm saying. Isn't that insane? Absolutely stunning. I would assume by hand. Yes, I would assume. Wow. Good. Hi. How are you? Going well. Good. My parents are watching and so they were like, "Hey, come over. Say hi." You want to say hi? Yeah. Hi, Mom and Dad. Thanks for watching everything for me. Of course. That's awesome. So, I love this exhibit. This is so cool. You never get up this close to the costumes. Like, it really looks like I'm sure somebody did that by hand. Like, that's insane. Detail is just incredible. It's so must have taken months. Oh, yeah. At least at least. Somebody said, "Not your average trip to Walmart." No. No. That's That's priceless. Yeah. No. Wow. How cool. You having a good time? I'm having a great time. I'm actually here for a veterary conference. So, I've got tonight and I have lecture tomorrow starting at 8 a.m. Nice. So, come have fun and then hit it hard in the morning. Well, there you go. Well, enjoy that. Thank you, Anthony. Good to see you. Thanks for watching. Shamir wants to tell me about AI art at CES and posted the same message about 10 or 15 times. So, I'll go ahead and read it. I don't think it's really relevant to what we're doing right now, but I'm glad that you saw that. Look at that. The one next to that one is my favorite. Yeah, this is a good one for sure. And then up here is more Sorry. Oh gosh. Always thought that the bell dresses are the But these are just so cool to see these in person. They're so beautiful. And beast costume is no slouch either. Look at this velvet thing over here. That's incredible. So this is in Communicore Hall. Who' have thought? It's a useful space, right? That way we saw that show when we were like 9year-olds. Can you imagine putting the So these are the real costume. These are on loan. And again, these are these are these are I'm sure handmade. These are priceless. How cool. Like literally works of art. Art with fabric. Goodness. Wow. What? What? What's happening over here? The the lamp is doing a thing. How fun. I love like being able to come to Epcot and just discover things I've never seen before. That is so fun. The lamp formerly set at top the marquee of the new New Amsterdam Theater on 42nd Street in New York City, current home of Disney's Aladdin on Broadway. Built to honor the show's 10th anniversary, the lamp weighs 12,200 lb and stands 14 feet tall. Wow. Let's come over here and get a good look at it. Wow. Um, I made it look like it's closer than than it is, but yeah, it's it those those dresses are out in the open, but they are um but they are um in a place where you could um not reach them as well. Although I I don't think you're supposed to touch the lamp either. But hey, what do I know? That's fun. So, this place, this space, this space is kind of coming into its own a little bit, I feel like. Like, this is a cool space for this kind of stuff with the fog and everything. Like, I don't know. Um, like I said, some, you know, I think people just didn't understand what it was going to be used for. But, I mean, this is a super super cool use of the space. Let me see if I can find this. Uh, okay. Hold on. I wonder if I can find uh maybe let's just see. Stop, you know. Yeah. like All right. 15 minutes. It's too hard to find anything. Oh, here we go. Oh my gosh. Heat. Heat. That's nice, right? While we're waiting, Oh, I was going to show you the blue exhibit here. It's insanely cool. That's fine. Good luck with you. I'll go back for you. I'll send you a I sent you a picture of that Korea. That was real Broadway. They're like, you can tell their hands. They're like priceless. No, they're from Broadway production. There's three. I'll send you a picture. Love you. There we go. Sorry, Steph called me back. Okay, let me turn off the uh Wi-Fi here real quick. Be lagging for just a second. Actually, let me leave it on because of the uh Odyssey building has a issue. Let me just turn on my joint connection. Hold on real quick. Two seconds. And we're back. Okay. I wanted to show you guys something cuz I heard The Little Mermaid and I remember like, you know, I remember conducting it years ago and it was like what 2019 I guess I did that. Um, but I was just again it was just shocked that high school kids could do it and there's such great kids and you know those kids are those kids probably all those kids probably have kids by now some of them I'm sure but those students have kids have their own kids by now some of them but anyway the point is I just I just um it brought back a lot of cool memories to hear that and I was like wait don't I have a recording of us doing that? I I actually put the It's not like the best recording because I just put the phone on my stand, but like check this out. I'll play the beginning of the overure for you really quick and you could actually if you listen really closely. I know this has nothing to Well, it has something to do with Broadway, but hi. I was going to So the the little was in there the little mermaid overture came on. It's like, "Oh my gosh, I remember conducting that. I can't believe high school kids play." I was like, "Oh, I have a recording." I was just going to show them a couple seconds of it. So here's what's funny. You can you can hear me breathe on it. Byebye. Adios. That's right. That cool. Very cool. You were there, but I can't hear it that well over here, but Yeah. No, it was cool when I was there. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, I can't hear it. That's too Yeah, it was very cool when I was there. Oh yeah. I mean like it was just cool. I've never I don't know that I've ever conducted like like the actual Broadway music, you know. Like you know. Very very cool. I was lucky to have I was lucky to have all the right people. It's one of those situations where we couldn't have done it if we didn't have all the right people. Totally. Anyway, yeah, there's a couple trumpet notes in there and there, but that trumpet part was written apparently for one of the Tonight Show band trumpet players. Oh my goodness. So we high school kids doing it. So they did really really well with it. Plus the fact that um we had an all state horn player. So the horn parts were really important there too. So we just had all the right people. It was fun. Yeah. Thanks for showing the spaceship show. That was high school. No we actually Yeah, actually there were two middle school kids in that too. Uh let's go the the other bridge. Anyway, hope you guys enjoyed that. Uh Archer, hello. Um, so I did upload some stories from the Broadway musical here. Oh, go check it out, guys. Resort TV1. Instagram. Go check out Instagram. Yep. Check it out. Go to follow Resort TV1 on Instagram. We need more. We need more hoppers on Instagram. More Instagram followers. Most of you guys have Instagram. And if you don't, you can make one without adding a single picture. 100%. Yeah. Hey, our show. Uh, you don't even have to let anybody follow you. Wow. It can be private and you can just watch our stuff perfectly, right? Yeah. That's another thing a lot of people don't know that you can make a private profile and you can literally call it Mickey's biggest fan 2536. Like, you know what I mean? Like, it doesn't have to be anything about your name at all. But I think it's only from a certain time to a certain pack that I had to find them around. How fun. So, yeah. Do it, guys. Follow us. We finally got 40,000 on there. Yay. Keep following us. I got Oh, that was when we got all those views on some of the uh different we had different things go viral with John Stamos and with the uh the reels the cruise stuff and there was something else you had go viral too. Uh it was John Stamos. Oh, it was John Stamos. Yeah. Yeah, the line. Well, I did the line. You did John Stamos. Yeah, actual John. Yeah, I did the drum solo. We got lucky and got a really close seat. Yes, that was cool. Mary says, "Uh, I've got a I've got a three-time Allstate horn player in my home." How fun. Nice. That is cool. This is where you get your um Figment popcorn bucket. They have a you can mobile order it or well actually I think that's the only way you can get it. They're $29 in case you want to know cuz I did look it up and I thought about it for a second and then I said no you have no room. Good job. I told myself self. Self you have no room. You did not. I'll hand it over to you for a second. The rest of my do it self elbows. No self. No self. All right. Hello everybody. Hi Robin. They decided to do maintenance on our internet last night at the coldest time of the year. Oh my. I don't know. I guess maybe it's in maybe they did it indoor somewhere. Okay. But uh yeah. So then of course every time they do that I have to call them and say, "Hey, it's still not working." And then they have to do something and now then it works. Hey, it's still not working. Is this really low or is it just that dark? What? The light. You can turn it up. I don't know. The sun. I don't think I had it low, but it Oh, no. No, it's fine. It's just that dark. Yeah. These gloves are supposed to be tech gloves, but they don't work the greatest. You know what I mean? Like Yeah. I think it's kind of Well, cuz the screen has to detect the pressure. Ah, I see. I see. And I think there's a little bit of pressure and a little bit of heat that it has to detect. Heat. Yeah, I bet you're right. I'm not really sure how it works, honestly. Here's a popcorn bucket. Also, Josh, did you know this comes out? Huh? The paintbrush. And it lights up. I knew it light lit up cuz I saw it u when the you know lady we met earlier had it. It reminds me of when we were kids. You remember the figment um where you would paint the music with Hey, a thank you so much. A what's your name? Nice to meet you. Oh you too. Thanks for watching. I love the pigment music. So, you know when we were kids and you go up to play at the top in the playground that's now DVC, they had a paintbrush that lit up that you could paint Yes. on a TV. That's what it reminds me of. Yes. No, you're right. Okay. Yes. That was Figment's little drawing school thing. And that's what the paintbrush on Figment reminds me of. And I want it just for that. So, this music, speaking of which, was another activity they had. They remember that we they have it here at Imagination Now, the conducting. But that was this was the original conducting song. Okay. Okay. And what it would do is they recorded all the different sections. U they recorded all the different sections separately. And so if you conduct towards like the brass or the women's or whatever one or percussion, one would get louder. Yep. I remember that. Look at this wall. Oh wow. And this is Magic Journeys. Oh yeah. No, I Yep. Look at the paintbrush. Okay. One year for Festival of the Arts. Disney, if you can, can we have a rainbow tunnel, please? Rainbow tunnel. Like the one in the original Imagine. Yes, I I'll pay to walk through it. Totally. Apparently, Retro Magic had a rainbow tunnel one time. What? That's so cool. So, Oh, you're okay. No worries. No worries. No, all good. We're Yeah, all good. No, you're all good. No worries. Um, whoever did these arrangements apparently. Um, can't remember all the different composers, but these original Epcot orchestra things are so good. Oh, yeah. I don't remember Magic Journeys. Where was this? Hi. How are you? Oh, sorry. I have gloves. I'm just happy to meet you. Can you imagine once like six years ago? A Oh, nice. Happy to say hi. You want to say hi on the stream or Yeah. Hello. Welcome to Florida. Everybody on the stream, Josh and Jenna are just as sweet and kind in real life as you see them on the stream. A you're so sweet. Thank you. Just want to say hi. I'm glad you did. Yeah, no worries. Happy Friday. Thanks for watching. We've loved it for years. A thank you. Thank you so much. That's so sweet. We appreciate that. Thank you. Bye. Have a good night. Very kind. Look, Josh. Dreamfinder. Found him. That is so cool. You found Yeah, you found the dream finder. Oh, I remember that from the ride. Yes, he got big and squished. Got real big and then squished in. Row. Yeah, you can almost see his face. Rut row row. Now what? And now we have a million figments. So this is the kind of stuff as a kid that I like. I didn't understand what was happening. I was like, I don't know what that music is, but it's pretty. I like it. And it kind of inspired me to really like classical music. Well, there you go. Disney inspired Josh's love of music. It really did. Yeah. Let's go see what the front painting is all about. I really like a cake. Those lines are long over there. They have figment cake, Josh. Yep. This is sad that I know what I mean. I have all the music. It's sad that I know what the file names of all these songs are. Oh, maybe. This is the This is the music that was inside the pyramid when you went in the Oh, wow. And also, I don't know, certain areas, but yeah. And then there was an outdoor one that's different than this. Okay. This used to play in the bathroom until like 2 years ago. I was going to say they they used to do that. Oh, look at him. Oh, that's like from the showbiz one. What about magic? Magic? Oh, no, no, no. I take it back. That's him trying to hold the monster book closed. Oh, right. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Also with the tux on and he's the monster. I still listen to some of the stuff in the car sometimes cuz it's really just dreamlike and you just kind of chill and you can just kind of relax. I did say cake. Yes, cake toast. Exactly. You wish. Uh Britney says she wishes she had that figment knowledge. Okay. I really want that figment. They have sort of a rainbow tunnel. They try. They try. They try. And even lights up. Oh, it does. I think it did that last year. Let's go see it. Did it? Yeah. It looks cooler from here. We need We need a real one. Mac and cheese. I want to just come back in here and like sit and listen to music. Would this be all copyright or not cuz it's old which is nice cuz the other ones all the other plus soundtracks are copyrighted. Totally. That's why I asked this one is 100% mine. Okay, good to know. Amazing knowledge. Colleen says a thanks. Hi Margie. But again, Magic Journeys because Magic Journeys was the movie before Captain. Uh oh. So it was in the Imagination Pavilion, but not for very long. We were only like six or seven years old whenever it was. Six or seven. You did it. You didn't see it, but I did the thing. Uhhuh. You did. But yeah. Um that's why I don't remember. But I remember it because we had it on the We used to watch it too. It was like scary witch in the beginning. Oh yeah. Captain Neo used to scare us. No, that Well, that that was at the end. There was also like some kind of a witch in Magic Journeys that I remember as a kid not liking. I was scared of it. I don't remember anything about Magic Journeys except for the song. The song was so quintessentially 70s in the 80s. Uh-huh. Totally. Floating on a cloud. Yeah. Is that Figment up there? No, I looked. He's not up there this I don't know. Figment, where'd you go? Um, actually the line's not so bad. Should we get Figment cake? That's up to you. I'm good. Uh, one thing I miss another day. The pen tape. Pin cushion tables. I know. Except for how how germy would that be? Well, I was going to also say um I think I feel like I feel like probably they didn't bring it back cuz I feel like they whatever one that was probably got ruined. Uh-huh. Yep. People Well, and people can't, you know, handle. He has a paintbrush. See, people can't handle like they used to in the back. No, that that giant lamp outside. People were climbing around it. I'm like, well, and remember the whole Muppet set that they had that they had to rope off cuz people were Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, all good. Be good, people. Be good. Yeah. So, this is why we can't have nice things. Nice things. I know. So, where do you want to go? I do need to use a restroom. Sure. Um, I'm fine. Probably going to grab a Coke or something. Good. So, you want to go back up front? I can use this restroom right here. I'll walk around a little more. enjoy the music. We could probably uh go back through the main shop and then uh I showed them the merch in the Broadway. Uh and somebody made a good point, too. They said if Commuticore Hall had been decked out with like an exhibit the first time it opened, nobody would have said anything bad about it cuz they would have seen what they were trying to do with it. And I love that they do things like that. Yeah. I mean that they set that up quick and it was amazing. Yeah. Yes, Magic Journeys did move to the theater where Fil Magic is for a while. That's true. Lion King was there, too, at one point. But come on. Like, they don't write music like this anymore. Do you guys remember, by the way, this is circular. Do you the the rigging up here is circular? Do you remember the 360 movie that was in here for a while? That was super cool. All the pigments. I love the paintbrush. The Lion King show was pretty cool. They're saying Villains Land's going to be the first nonIP land. In other words, like it's not a land based on one IP. It's all about all the villain. I guess it's several IPs, but still. And I guess they've been talking about Imagineering's been talking about doing um maybe nonIP attractions. Apparently, Imagination is starting to have an appetite to do it again. Imagineering. Imagineering is starting to have an appetite to do it again. Epcot Experience. Yes. Yeah. Classy Disney Mom reminds you of childhood. Agreed. Oh, look. Ballerina figment. Epcot experience. I got a 360 video of that. That was fun. A lot of that didn't come true, unfortunately. We never got a new movie for China. We never got a Mary Poppins ride. We never got the giant threetory Epcot thing. Yeah. I wonder if they really would have been able to build all that if say co hadn't happened. Do you think all of that would have been built? Man, there was some big ideas in there and they were cool. A ticket got $50. Wow. Please use this to try Josh and Jenna. Please use this to try a new tasty treat at the festival tonight. Thank you for always bringing Disney a little closer since my husband and I don't go to the Magic Kingdom or Disneyland very often. Thank you, Tiger Gal. That is very kind. Really appreciate that $50 super chat. Very, very generous uh from Tiger Gal. Thank you. Appreciate that. What happened to the set where they did Epcot Center Pole or Who Wants to be a Millionaire? Well, Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? Wasn't that in that was in um the place where Frozen is now, right? So, I think that's where that was, but I'm trying to think. But the place where they did the Epcot Center pole and the the all all that kind of stuff, I don't think they use that for anything anymore. It's still there. Uh, it's still in that original building back there. That must be storage or something cuz they didn't actually tear all that down. It's still there like Epcot Computer Central. Maybe there's still computers in there, I guess. You really don't know. Yeah. IP means intellectual property, a concept or story Disney owns. The point is people are wanting to see now more park original IP. Everything Disney does is IP to be clear. Like even when they did, you know, when they did Pirates of the Caribbean, it originated in the parks. It is park ccentric or park originated IP. Figment was originated in the parks. So he's park ccentric IP. So they were just really looking more forward to that. um rather than using everything from the movie. So anyway, we like both. You're very lucky to have grown up with Epcot Center as part of your childhood. 100%. It's great to see you, Artua, and your wife, May Salazar. Hey Yeah, you're good. Making memories. It really does. Yeah. The space where the computer center is where guest services is at. No, guest services was always there. We're talking about where the computer central is was way in the back of the communicore. They had a computer show way back there. They actually built onto it out towards the Montreal track. Um I don't know what it is now, but it wasn't big computer show in in this communicore building here. The only one that still remains there, but it's behind the shop here. I'll show actually we'll go we're going that way. I'll show you I'll show you guys where the building is. I don't know what's in there now. I believe at one point they actually did use part of it for mouse gear when it moved back there. Oh, where the rest? Yeah. Actually, it may be they may have just it may have just been engulfed into the restaurant. I don't know. Yeah. Uh so anyway, we'll see. Happy Friday. See you in July for the 250th. Nice. Yeah, we'll be here. We'll be here. All right. So, we've got about h a little over 30 minutes until fireworks. So, we're going to see what we want to see and then we'll probably go up and grab a spot here in a little bit. Uh but yeah, we've we've you know, obviously in 3 hours we weren't going to be able to show you the whole festival, but we showed you quite a bit. They're going to have it for, you know, until tomorrow. Yeah. Almost the end of February, so we'll be back. But we did uh feel like we gave a fairly good overview. Yeah. Well, this morning and tonight. Yep. That's right. Jenna had a hour and something stream this morning. Mhm. Hour and something. Hour and something. You saw Lana cards on YouTube and how to play. Very cool. Yep. I'm sure there are lots of videos about that just like there are about so many other things which is good. Very good. I still wish they did parades through World Showcase. Yeah, I know. That was cool. That was super I can show you the Thomas Concaid um picture. It's really cool. Okay. I can take it again if you want. Oh yeah, I remember that. Uh Robert, the kiosk where that you could talk to a a cast member through satellite connection. I had to use they called it world key. That was cool. All right. Remember electric umbrella? Oh, it was one of my favorite places to eat. Not not cuz of food, just cuz I loved the way it looked. It's over here, actually. But they have a lot of good ones. We went in that one. We did not go in this one. If somebody if somebody Well, we can go in this one, but the the one's over here. If somebody would uh if somebody would draw like or Thomas Concade would do like a retro Epcot one, that'd be cool. Yeah, that would be cool. This is cool. It's like a a German market. Oh, that's pretty. Oh, I like that. Oh, look at this one. Halloween on the floor. All the different holidays. That one. I've always liked that one. And I like this. It's kind of like a mountain town. See which one? This one. Oh, yeah. That's so pretty. Yep. I have this one. You want to try that? You have which one? This one. Oh, here. What was it? No, I'm sorry. It's not that one. I have this one. It's one with a um ice skating. Oh, like a pond. Which one do you have? I have that one with the with Mickey hating in the rain in Paris. Oh, I do like that one. We have that one. That's cool. This is fun. Yeah. Thank you, Thomas. Exactly. This one's fun. They actually gave us one with a uh a frame on it. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. I have one, too. I see another one I might need. This one Christmas in Hawaii. Super cool. Look, he's got reindeer antlers. Nice. And then yeah, this one they had last year, but I love it. Love it. Love it. All right, I got to show you the land. It's over here. Why over here? how they got spaceship earth. Yeah, that one's cool, too. But here's your land one. I'll show you. And the characters are on it. Isn't that adorable? But I just How are you? Here, we'll come out here. We'll come out here for you guys. Yeah. Do you want to say hi on the stream or no? Say hi. Sure. Yeah. What were your names? Alison. Alison. Chase. Chase. Awesome. Nice to meet you. Thanks for keeping us company on Friday nights of course totally nights throughout the week. Where are you guys from? Delaware. Okay, cool. We escaped a little bit of cold, but it's still not Florida warms where we were looking. I mean, it was 31 this morning, so it was 8 when we left last warmed up a little bit for you then. A couple degrees. All right. Well, thanks for letting us say hi. Enjoy your night. Enjoy your night. Bye, guys. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Yeah. Here's the one Josh was talking about. Yeah, that's pretty cool. Oh, figments in there. Oh, I didn't see him. Also on a mansion. I know. That's fun. It's a Disneyland one with that style. 105. We met Durk Wonderly a few years ago. We did. He's super nice. Oh, here. This is the Muppet or not Muppet. Mickey's Christmas Carol. Oh, isn't that fun? I do like that. I do too. There's Toad. Toad. Yeah, he's so little. I know. But I really do like the land. That was That one's That's an awesome one, I say. And then that artist did it watercolor. Watercolor. Yeah, it does. It does look different. I can tell the difference in kind of So that one, Dumbo, and are all done. No, this is watercolor. Okay. Oh. So all of our artists that are now able to start showcasing themselves. Oh, fun. Okay. Super cool. Yeah. So, we all work for Art Brand and then we've been posting the license for Thomas and then we were lucky enough a few years ago we worked with Art Brand and did a couple like promos. That was super cool. So, in fact, I have a couple paintings we got. Yeah, it was awesome. You guys will be here from 3 to 7:30. Okay, cool. He personalized something for mom. Mom bought something. Well, he did on he did on one of mine too during Festival of the Arts a couple years ago. Very cool. Yeah. So, like 10:30 to 7. I love this one. Do you see? Yes. Oh, that's the old school with the with the reach. And they got Disneyland, too. The dream lights. The dream lights. It's the best of times. Uhhuh. Yep. I really like that. I love that they have little Chip and Dale sitting in there and Pluto and many Nobody's remaining seated. They are. They sure are. Nobody picking cucumbers there. No cucumbers are being picked. No. All right. Well, do you want to go in the shop? Let me show them what I was talking about really quick. Okay. Yeah. What were you Oh, sorry. Sorry, I forgot. I just want to show them where I already forgot. No, you're good. Um, yeah. So, a lot of great art there. Yeah, the school room painting. That was really cool, wasn't it? Yes. I like that. What does it mean? What does it mean? If you guys are here from the the early days of resort TV live streams, you'll know what what that means. What does it mean? Find the mouse family. We have one We have a new We have a new one. What's that? A new person that does that. Oh, I know. They want us to always go meet Mickey Mouse. Tell him I said hi. And tell him I said hi. Yeah, you know. Okay. But I get it. But we can't see Mickey Mouse every day we come. I did get 25 emails from him the other day, so Oh my goodness. I may have had to That's a lot of emails. Had to add a filter for that one. Uhhuh. Uhhuh. It was all asking me to check out a link. Oh. And even when I replied and said I checked out the link, they replied back and said, "Hey, check out this link." And I was like, I did. But Josh, check out the link. But check out the link. Go check it out. I did. Okay. Anyway, so I was like, "Okay, it's fine." Oh, Stacey says, "Find them. Find them now. She knows." So you see right here where it sticks out? Yes. That actually isn't part of the restroom. That's the computer central. Is that not the restrooms? No. Okay. The restrooms. See right there where it says restrooms? That's in the main part of the building. Okay. So, right here, I don't think this is used. Oh. Uh, now to be clear, mouse gear was right here. Yes. When they were redoing it, not the original mouse gear. Not the original. No, that they redo mouse gear. The original was courseware connected. That was the temporary mouse gear. So, this I don't think there's anything at least nothing guests can get to. Yeah. Like I'm saying, there might be storage. It might be still computers. I don't know. But so this is the only place I watch a documentary. Disney had designed this to be expanded out all the way to the Montreal track. Oh. So this one this one was the only one that got expanded all the way out. Okay. So if you ever go by on the Montreal where the buildings are closed Uhhuh. that's it. But again, there's no you go over there, there's there's no way to get into that. No, it's all cuz you used to whenever they were working on it, you used to come in Epcot this way. Remember? Correct. But again, that building was just bare. Yeah. So it's not guest services. Guess services is on the whole other side and it was always there. Okay. Yeah, I'm sure they have like storage or something. Storage break rooms. Yeah, it could be anything. But anyway, that that was where computer central used to be. Yeah, there you go. The land painting wasn't so sad. Tim says, remember when we rode the land and it was so sad last Friday. Those girls behind us sad. It was sad. It was so sad cuz the Christmas lights were gone. It was sad. It was so sad. That's sad. Like kind of sad. They kept saying how sad it was. It was about every 4 seconds. Uhhuh. Anyway, if you rewatch Friday Night Live from last Friday. Yes, watch that. Does anybody remember that? The the so sad or no? Does Does anybody remember that part of the building of what called? Um I'm not sure. I haven't seen if they have. Dropping Josh dropping some Epcot knowledge. Boom. Boom. Mic drop. Mic drop. I like Epcot. What can I say? Oh, I love Epcot, too. I love that we were here when it was old Epcot. When it was Epcot Center. Mhm. Mhm. Yes. I do love that there's at least one breezeway left. I know. The breezeways were my favorite. It was always cooler under there. I will have to say, and I'm sure they would have had they would have loved to have done this if they had it to do over. I would have loved if the buildings could have stayed and they just like they just vetted it out and used they could have still done Communicore Hall. Just take out all the stuff that was in there. Yeah, agreed. Cory Rex says, "I can't rewatch it. It's too sad. It's funny." Are you going to go get a Coke in the shop or or are you not going to get one? We'll be in the shop. Okay. Hey, how are you? Hi. How are you? Chris, Chris is awesome. How you doing? I'm doing great. Doing good. Little cold, but it's not. Yeah, it's not I was talking about I don't mind cold. I just don't like when the wind is blowing in my face. Yeah, that's where you know, but we moved out of the north to get a little I know. I'm a wimp. It's cold. I was cold uh yesterday. It was like 30° yesterday. So, Oh, yeah. Yeah. Anyway, nice to meet you. Yeah, nice to meet you, too. All right. You too. Um Oh, show over. There you go. Yeah. I might go get a water from Starbucks. A free one. Okay. So, um but you're going to get a cook from there. I'll go with Actually, I'll go with you. We'll go in the shop. Okay. Cuz I'm probably not going to watch Illumination or whatever it's called. Did I just say Illumination? Well, you're definitely not going to watch Illumination. If you can figure out how to do that, well, you can. We could technically put it on the stream. Yeah. Wouldn't that be funny? I know how to watch it. People probably wouldn't like that, but if instead of watching Luminous, I just I just put on Illuminations. Illuminations. These are new. This is cool, Josh. I like that. That is pretty cool. I also like these. But yes, I'm not going to watch the other one. Starts with an L. That's the one. What's that? We're trying. We're trying. Not too bad. It's pretty cold. Yeah, we continue to go live on the new festival. So, yeah, that was fun. Yeah, you guys. Thank you so much. Where you from? Norway. Nice to meet you. Oh, very cool. You guys are okay. So, from being from Norway, is it interesting to visit the pavilion here? It's different. It's different. I mean, you know, I we have a family member who used to live there. So, obviously, we know that not Norway is not all like that, but we know a representation, right? We love to be represented. It's good to be represented. That's right. For sure. At any rate, the the bakery is good, right? Yeah. Absolutely. That actually tastes kind of like Does it? Okay. Good deal. That's awesome. Super cool. Of course, you don't you don't have frozen boat rides with cartoon characters. That's awesome. Well, it's nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Enjoy your trip. Have a good night. All right. So, look at Mickey. One of these things look like the other. One of these things is not the same. It's that guy right there. It's him. Yeah, it's him. He spotted it. Pick me. Pick me. Pick me. Love it. Love it. I have a print by Noah. Oh, he's one of our favorites, too. Oh, Mr. Young Mickey working on Minnie's hot rock cart. A That's very fun. Okay, I guess I'll go grab it real quick. Yeah, go grab the Coke and I'll just walk him around. Let's see. Has Josh done any sponsors tonight? I like this red sweatshirt. I like it a lot. Did he do Mickey travels or resort TV1 homes? Let me know. And if not, I will do one of those. I like these Figma ears. I almost got them the other day. I did, Apple dude. Thank you. No vlogs. Nope. No vlogs. I went live and I did Instagram stuff. Um, and then we're going live now. So, I didn't think a vlog after doing all those things would be very popular. So, no vlogs, but like I said, we did go live twice and did a lot of Instagram. So, go follow Resort TV1 on Instagram, everybody. I like this one, too. Uh, he did both. Okay. All right. So, thank you so much, Christina. All right. This is not working. Come on. Come on. My gloves are not working. We got to take it off. There we go. You know, because of you, we never say I like it a lot anymore. We say I like it a latte. I like it a latte. I love that. That's amazing. I actually um Hi, theme park giant. Um, I went yesterday shopping at Hobby Lobby and HomeGoods with um my friend Jesse and we found some um Valentiney things there, you know, cuz they've got, of course, Valentine decorations and stuff. And they had some that said, "I love you a latte." Of course, I had to get them. They were 40% off, so how can you pass it up? Uh-oh. What did I just do? Um, there we go. Fix it. Are we lagging? Are we good? What is wrong with this gimbal? I don't like it. I don't know where I'm going. I'm just wandering around. Just wandering around. had lag, but we're back. Okay, good. I love this. The gauntlet mug. Hi, mansion lover. This is Chris. Was awesome to run into you. All have a great night. Oh, yeah. Have a good night as well. Thanks for saying hello. I love this. And I love that it looks like the old Figment Bank from back in the day. Hi, Kevin. Uh, definitely check out, let's see, who do we have next? Uh, David Vacation Club Rentals. DVCrequest.com/tv. dvcre request.com/tv. If you guys are wanting to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, again, dvcre request.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David. Hi everybody. Welcome in. Thanks for being here. Here you leave today. Enter the world of yesterday, tomorrow, and see what's his name. All right, let's not go too far because Josh will not be able to find us. I'm just going to pretend you remember. He's still online. Goodness gracious. Look, they have so many crickets. Figgy, he sold out the other day. Like gone. They must have got a bunch more in. Stitchy. You're welcome, Jelly. You're welcome. They are. Oh, sorry. I was looking for you. I saw you to get around. Yeah. All good thing here. Cool beans. Um I broke I broke it. Click. Double click. Okay. Top button. What? Just push it one time. It'll go up. I did it and I It didn't work. So, you got to when it does it, if it works, the blue light flashes when you push the top button. Ah, I think I held the top down and push a normal push. A regular old push. All right. Cool. If you push it twice, it'll go back to lock. That's probably what happened. You only have to push it once. Matt1T, congrats on 26 months of Resort Hopper Bronze. Thanks as always. 26 months in 2026. Should I take a picture? Okay. Wow. Yeah, no worries. All good. That's okay. Opening day of something. Yeah. I love that rose. That's cool. Nice. Oh, yeah. Nice to see you again. So, I'm going to go get a water from Starbucks. A free one. At some point, I need to use the restroom. Well, why don't you do that and I'll just walk them around outside. Yep. And then I'll just take it. Yep. And then I'll go get a water. My best option for that restroom, right? Oh, maybe back that way. or behind or in the restaurant. Probably probably connections. Oh, let's go to the restaurant. Over here was looking for you guys. Oh, is he? Yeah, he went back to his hotel. Oh, okay. Didn't even know he was here. Okay. I think I'll be at Magic tomorrow. Okay. by the way. Yeah. Yeah. Good to see you, April. Love those ears. I wish I would have got them a couple years ago. Yeah. I wish I would have got them. They're really cool. Very good. Thank you so much. Yeah. Have a good night. I'll go in there. Yep. And then I'll actually I'll take them in the shop and show them the festival merch. What? Festival merch which is all the way, you know, in the back. We'll just go back in and show you them. The the festival merch. The merch. It's busy in here. Everybody's trying to get warm. Trying to get warm. It's cold. Okay, let's see. They do have the Valentine ones back in stock, too. They were out of these the other day and they've got a ton. I know Sharon was looking for them. Thank you for bopping the like. We have um over,200 likes. If you guys missed the morning stream also go back and check that out from opening first look at everything. And again follow us on Instagram, Resort TV1 on Instagram, guys. Go a follow. I love the ears, but I also love the passholder shirt. I think that's fun. And then here's the bag for the festival. Also very pretty. I think it's 80. We looked at it earlier today, but now I forget. 85. $85. Can be a backpack or a side bag. And we have the crop top. Oh, no. It's not plain on the back. That's so cute. I love the purple color. We're going to be doing this festival um hunt sometime soon. Isn't it cool? Rosco Mothership, how are you? Yes. A lot of people are just buy the blankets cuz sometimes they're cheaper than um buying a coat if they forget their coat. Yep. So, we'll do this scavenger hunt and then the prize is a sticker by number, which is so fun. I love sticker by numbers. Journal. Oh, yeah. DJ, always click on it and see if it's if we're live. Most of the time it's it's real, especially at opening day of things. A lot of times we like to go live first thing. Thank you, Joey. We don't go live on Instagram, but I I post thing we post things on Instagram. So, not usually go live on there. Only on Where's RTV1? There's a hat. I like the hat. And they have a thing plushy my hand again. Here it is. He cute. I think he's so cute. His paintbrush little beret. His apron. Hi Amy. Been watching all night on TV. Just wanted to pop on to bop the like and say hello. Oh, you're so welcome Amy. Thanks for being here. really appreciate it. So that's it, I guess, from the festival. They have the pins in a different shop. So there's that. Crocs. I don't want to move too much cuz Josh won't be able to find me. Wow, I like that pigment water bottle. I also love this sweatshirt. And it's reversible. So, here's the inside of the sweatshirt, which I love. And the outside has Figment on it. Front of Figment and back side of Figment. That's back side of Figment. Really glad that I was like immediately. Here's the front side. Been in and out of chat, but wanted to say hi and wish my mom Rita a very happy birthday tomorrow. Oh, happy birthday, Rita. Hope you have an awesome awesome day tomorrow. Hi, Disney Adventures with Craig. Okay, well hopefully Josh is coming soon cuz he is going to cut it close to the fireworks. I don't know what to do. That is actually terrifying. Agree. No. That's funny. She was talking about this. I totally agree. All right, Josh. We're down here. I know. I love the reversible sweater. Here's the um I think it's a corksicle for Festival of the Arts. Like that, too. Hi, Dana. How are you? There's a Josh. I see him. All right. Enjoy the fireworks. I will. All right. We'll see you after. I'll see you after. Okay. Yeah. No. No. I'm good. All right. Let's go. It's time for Luminous, the symphony of us. I mean us. Oh, I didn't see how much the stuff pigment was. Sorry. We got to hustle towards the There's a little delay on the stream, so sorry about that. Yeah, we we uh got to hustle to the fireworks now. Well, we made it. Or we we will make it. We're still walking right now. All right, let's see. What sponsors haven't we done yet? Oh, uh, we need to talk about David's DVC rentals. dbcrequest.com/tv. dbcrequest.com/tv. If you want to book a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, just check out davisdvc rentalals. There's Scrooge over there. That's cool. Check out David's DVC rentals at DVCrequest.com/tv. Again, that's dvcreest.com/tv. Go check out David's DVC rentals. And it's a great way to try out DVC before you buy or just to or maybe you're never, you know, planning on buying it because it just doesn't fit with, you know, your family and and your family's needs. But you can still have a DVC experience without buying a giant contract. So that's what's kind of cool about David's DVC rentals. You can just rent some points. So, it's dbcrequest.com/tv. Again, dbcrequest.com/tv. And it's great, too, if maybe normally you just get a room, you know, like a like a value or a moderate room or something or, you know, you just need a standard room. But if you got maybe extended family, grandkids, you know, whatever it is coming, need a bigger room, you can do that. You can just rent a DVC. So, yeah, dbcrequest.com/tv. Also, we have Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Instagram. No, not not Instagram, sorry. Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. If you want to find out how all your favorite rides and things were created, just go to Amazon and search for Behind the Ride. So, Amazon, search for Behind the Ride. Go check it out. Um, who else do we have? Oh, Surf Shark. If you want to find a VPN service, that is amazing. I actually use them all the time. Um, keep your data safe online. It basically uh encrypts your internet connection, which means it makes it so nobody else can see number one where it's coming from or what you're sending. Again, a non-technical way to say it would be scrambles, but basically not quite that way, but it it's a it's a fairly easy to understand explanation. So, go check that out. Uh, Surark, just go to surfark.deals resortv1. Again, that's surf shark.deals. deals/resorttv1. Again, surark.deals/resorttv1 and uh you can get 83% off again. Sur shark.deals/resorttv1. Go check it out. Let's sit for a second. Yeah, go check it out. They're going to make a stand anyway, but or download that on Audible and already listen to it. Disney Demystified. Yeah, it's great. So again, surark.deals/ resort TV1. Yeah, they're really really And it's really fast, too, by the way. I use it on my fiber internet connection at home and it's full it's full speed. So, you're not really sacrificing speed. I mean, a little bit of speed, but not much. I can't sit like that. Just bought Surf Shark using Resort TV one deal. Great price, great service. Yeah, it's really good. Seriously, I mean, they're a sponsor, but like I also actively use them and I would use it even if they weren't sponsoring us. That's what we do with the sponsors, though. I know it's like a little bit of a pain to have the sponsor reads, but it's stuff we actually believe in. It's not like just random like, oh, here's a like we get we get I'm not exaggerating when I say we get hundreds of sponsorship offers a year. Hundreds. But a lot of it's like one one offer was like matching pajamas on Amazon and they're like that doesn't really and they weren't Disney or anything. That doesn't fit at all what we do. Or like hair care products like nope. Or you know just random stuff that doesn't have anything to do with what we do. We we're not going to, you know, push that on you guys. But VPN's really good because it's good for traveling when you're using like, you know, a certain type of internet service. Either way, it's all good stuff. boyfriend. just joined the annual passholder world. Nice. Congrats. 2 minutes. It's a showtime. starts at actually the the drum the uh drum chant or whatever you want to call it starts right at uh 8:57. Oh, here's um our friends at Laughing Place did a video. Uh Leslie Eyeworks, she did an 11minute interview, but she's the one who made this Disneyland handcrafted. Uh Laughing Place has got the whole interview up. Yeah, go check it out. our good friends over there. Can I have everyone stand up for the fireworks, please? Thank you. Yeah. Joining the passholder community is so fun. Are Epcot Fireworks louder than in the Magic Kingdom? Yes, they are. And because it's because you're closer to them. Magic Kingdoms are a lot further behind the back of the park. Um, and it gives them the opportunity to launch bigger fireworks because they're further from actual guests, even from any people, because the cast members who are in charge of launching Magic Kingdom are inside a safe bunker, basically a bomb shelter. Um, so, but yeah, that's how that is how that works. Scoot over just a little bit. There we go. But they make you stand up because it gets really dark and they don't want people getting stepped on or tripped over. This is a safety hazard. That's my guess. They haven't really said, but that's just always the rule. I think it's cuz the lights are low and they don't want people stepping and tripping on others. Hey Josh, thanks for streaming the festival watching from North Carolina. Awesome. All right, so um I think the drums start a little after 857. Maybe 8:58. I don't know. We'll see. It's actually not bad over here. Like, we're right by the water. And what's the temp right now? 48 46. It's fine. We're still going to get down to We're only going to get We're only going to go down a few more degrees tonight. Maybe down to like 40. All right, here we go. Enjoy. Good evening. Tonight, we invite you to join us for Luminous, the symphony of us. Due to lower light levels during the show, we ask that you please watch your step and be sure to take small children by the hand. Tonight's performance of Luminous, the Symphony of Us, will begin in just a few minutes. Well, that's awesome, Ellen. I'm glad you have a good agent, Abby. All right, enjoy, everybody. I'm waiting. Welcome to the great gathering. Welcome. Welcome. Beyond my welcome. Welcome. Everyone on this earth is part of the great symphony of us. Each of us a unique instrument playing harmony to one another. And even though we are all playing different parts, it's our unified heartbeat that connects us, reminding us that we are more alike than we are different. A rap city of rhythms that unites us and connects us through commonalities of the heart. Yeah. Come find your place in the great symphony of us. in motion through the trees. Can you help me all the time in the picture of the river? You are a part of me and I am a part of you. My song. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. When we are bored, we come into this world of raw noise. Craving and tenderness, we tune ourselves to the world around us. I'm stuck in crying. It'll be all right. Just take my hand. Hold it tight. I feel you my heart still my child so You are I will be here. We begin to understand what our instrument can do. We find our voice and add it to the ensemble of our ancestors, our family. Glory forever. Leave me the angel. recognize your music to others. Turning notes and improvising, music becomes play. Heat. Heat. Feel the love. Sometimes we find another and our melodies blend. And suddenly with the hum of our heart strings, our world becomes a duet. All the world is cold. Music playing so close. So close to the end. Heat. Heat. So close so far. Inevitably in life the accompaniment drops out and we experience great loss. We find that the melodies we cherish are gone and for a moment we are playing alone. When somebody loved me, everything was beautiful. And when she was happy, so I love everything. Every hour together my heart each when But we are never truly alone. Sing out so others can hear you. The music we make echoes back at us in chorus, in concert, in symphony. Heat. Heat. for the sons of each other. Heat. Heat. Heat. It's by the world. Everything is different. How are you? How miraculous that we exist on this planet at the same time. Now that I And yet it's the human connection that unifies us. Hold a beat like gravity. The rain is all a cage. A common friend connecting sound like a street. The king of a heart that will stand to the stars for all the world to hear and never ready. Can you feel it here? One single without you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. In the great symphony of us. We wish you a wonderful good night voice Epcot guy. All right. Well, hope you enjoyed Luminous. The symphony of us, all of us. That's the fun part. It's a story about life. What a cool idea. I think it really picks up I don't know. I was just thinking about this. I think it really picks up on the illuminations vibe and that illuminations is kind of a story about, you know, the earth and all the people on it. Reflections of earth, right? So, this is more a reflection of life, the symphony of us, of all of us. I think that's pretty cool. So there you go. Don't forget to subscribe if you're new. It does grow on you. And if you haven't seen it in person, you owe it to yourself if you can. I know that everybody, you know, it's expensive. I know that everybody can't come down here, you know, every year or every other year. We get that. But if you get the chance to come down here and see it in person, then you can really make a judgment on it. The stream is great, but it doesn't show it all. I try to keep it in wide angle at the end cuz uh fireworks get so tall. That's the nice to see. Even though my I know my wide angle lens isn't as good as my normal. I'm hoping when the S26 comes out, uh S26 Ultra, I'll hopefully get that. Hopefully that'll have a better uh ultra wide lens. Either way, it's very good. Life is universal. Yeah, even at Disney. Good job, Isaac. Good job, Isaac. I'll be our guest. Hello. Have a good night. Yeah. Always keep moving forward. That's right. Beautiful. What degree is it? Let's go find Jenna. Uh, what degree is it? It is like 45 something like that. Again, not much wind though, so it feels good. Oh, yeah. 45. So funny. Let's see. It's probably 45. Feels like 43. So yeah, there's not much wind. Last night it was low30s, much colder. Even that extra 12° really makes a difference. Let's go find Jenna. And yes, if you didn't hear earlier, Mara did answer the question, but you're wondering why Jenna hasn't joined for fireworks, you know, Chloe, her her dog of 17 years, uh, basically her child, um, passed away and, um, on, uh, Monday the 22nd. And um so it's been really hard and so you know there's a lot of emotional parts in that show that you wouldn't have seen otherwise um or you wouldn't had in the other shows. So if that makes sense. There's there's a lot of shows or there's a lot of emotion in that show. And so um especially the part where you know it basically literally talks about death. Now, to be clear, it's a very beautiful it's a very beautiful way to think about losing somebody, but obviously with with Chloe being gone so recently, it's kind of a fresh thing, so she doesn't really want to expose herself to that rush of emotion. And I totally get that. So, I told her whenever she's ready, she'll watch it. And there's no, you know, everybody knows there's no timeline on grief. You you you do it how you need to do it. And that's the way it goes. Just like with Adam and with anybody else that you've lost throughout the the years, you do it, you know, you you do it the way that you need to do it. Will I ever see you and Jen in person? I don't know. It depends on if you're here and we meet up, but definitely if you do, say hi. Big group of people. Everybody's leaving. Anyway, it's uh my pleasure to uh walk through this funnel for you guys. No, it's it's just such a neat concept for a show. I don't know. I I like it. I think it goes along with what Tom Wilson was saying earlier in his video about Adam. You know, life is beautiful and it it there are stories that need to be told and even if they're not Tom's point was even if there's even if they're not the most exciting blockbuster hit stories that you might put on again a multi-million dollar budget movie and put out there and have again millions of people watch it, it's still beautiful and telling the stories are important. And he was saying even if you don't make videos um go home and talk to your family and tell them the stories about your day like the and he was just Tom was just saying the stories are important. stories are important to tell uh because that's how we that's how we create memories and how we keep memories and you know so I think that show really is this beautiful portrait of life I always think too like another movie that's a really great portrait of life I think is uh Forest Gump I think it's such a beautiful like showing of his life um even though he's a fictitious character I think that it's very cool to see and so here let's go over here I don't know if I can make it yeah I can anyway um it's such a yeah such a beautiful portrait of life. So um yeah all right Tom Wilson who is um Biff from Back to the Future. He did a vlog about Adam's passing and just his thoughts basically on what Adam was doing documenting his life for everybody. Uh we've got uh fallen one $2. Say Josh and Jenn. It's Brandon from Tennessee. Hello. Tom's video was very moving about Adam. Yeah, for sure. I understand where Jenna's coming from. We got we got the call our puppy passed while we were in Epcot waiting for the firework show. Oh, wow. So sorry to hear that. Yes, that show really gets sad, which is why I'm not such a fan. Not uplifting. Well, I think it gets sad in the middle and then it uplifts you at the end. So, I don't know. I think it Yes, it you know, obviously if you don't like that, I think that's very fair, right? That's, you know, that's personal preference, but it does uplift you at the end. And I think it's like right after the really sad part, it's like, but we're never alone. Everybody feels alone sometimes, but you're really never alone. And it reminds you to like seek talk to people, seek out people, and you know, again, like Tom was saying earlier, tell your story. I think it's important All right. Well, let's go uh find Jenna. But yeah, I think that's a good Like I said, it's totally fair if you if you don't like Luminous. You know, Illuminations were certainly such a great show. I but I don't, you know, I felt like I illuminations had run its course here. I wasn't glad to see it go, but I feel like it had it was amazing. It had its time and it was time to move on and everything would always be compared against it. But we also look back at things from the past in rosecolored glasses a little bit. Uh I think if you saw Illuminations today, you'd love the music. You'd fall in love with the music all over again. The music would hold the test of time forever. That music is iconic. But I think you'd be probably disappointed by the by the pyro and by the tech based on what we've seen now. So anyway, oh please stay listening ending songs. I just wanted to find Jenna so she could be part of the stream too cuz it's her stream too. But we do I you know many many times we've listened to those songs. All right. Am I going to do all the rides? I don't know. We'll see. I wanted to but didn't never really have the chance. Hey, I'm W. I'm heading towards in Creations, whatever. Like, I'm just heading towards the middle here. I finally got out of the crowd. So, I'm just kind of right behind the back entrance to create not the back, the the one that's closest to Odyssey. We can It's whatever you want to do. I got ideas. Well, then we can Yeah, I just need to plug in at some point. Um, so I'm right here. Where are you? Where are you? Oh, okay. All right. Well, into the shop. Okay. I'll I'll head towards you. Okay. Bye. Okay. There's a part of happily ever after that's emotional for me and I couldn't listen to it. Then when I did watch a breakdown and now I shed a tear. So it's a process. Yeah. Yeah. It really absolutely is. It's a process. Yep. And again, there's no right or wrong way to do it. You know, if somebody else has a shorter grieving period at least, you know, there's stages of it too, right? There's the really intense part and then there's the parts where it it gets somewhat easier and somewhat easier a little bit at a time, right? If somebody else moves through the stages faster, that's okay. If somebody else moves through slower, that's okay, you know. But I think it it um I think it's it's just you have to be patient with yourself. Lumises to the human experience what Happily Ever After is to storytelling. Both perfect for their respective park. They really are. And again, that's not to say I wouldn't love to see Illuminations again. I would totally love it. But I think it served its time well. I think the show that didn't get enough time here was Epcot Forever. Um, I would have actually been fine if that had stayed around a little longer. Even though I know Luminous is obviously technically and emotionally more impressive, but still it's uh it's just it's just cool. Well, here's our Figment right there. All right, let me turn I got to I got to plug in here real quick. All right. Somebody want to know how much the Figment Plushy was earlier. Let's see. Uh, I remembered $24.99. So, $25. $25 for the Figment Plushy. Okay. Hey, Stacy. Songs pull the heartstrings. Yes, it it really does. And of course, that was the intention of the uh people that designed it. you know, to help you feel something. But, you know, when you've just had a uh, you know, tough experience, then that's a um, could be intense. I couldn't even get back here. Yes. I'm not there. Okay. Uh, I'm going to give you that and I'm going to plug it in. There we go. Okay. It Yes. We're talking about Luminous and how it is such a cool retelling of the human story, but that at certain points in the story, it's harder to watch, which is why you're not watching it right now. Yep. But that's the part of the story you're in. So, you don't want to watch the part of that that part of the story. But yeah, but it's also once you get, you know, to a, you know, different place, then I think it it is a neat it's a very cool overview of like life. No, I get it. But no, it's it takes time. Yep. So, I mean, I cried in that part before she passed. Yeah, for sure. Y I think I I got emotional the first few times and then you know, you kind of get used to it. You kind of get used to it after a while. Yeah. But then if something happens then obviously you're not used to it anymore. So whole thing. Yeah. And it just it goes in waves. Sometimes I'm fine, other times I am not fine. I get it. I get it. Hello everybody. So $25 and we ask Yeah, he's really cute. I say we exit cuz up there is nuts. Cool. I bet that's why actually people in here. Although, it's honestly still not that cold. Like, it's not like shorts and t-shirt weather, but it's like as long as you have a jacket on, you're kind of fine. I'm pretty cold. Are you? Yeah. And maybe I just have the appropriate amount of I mean, not that you don't, but maybe I just have enough layers on not to be cold. Yeah. I I have a lot of layers on. I brought my ear muffs and I never put them on. I Oh, I don't know how. I have two pairs of socks. I have fleece line leggings. I I have a long sleeve t-shirt. I have a fleece I have a spirit jersey. And I have a coat. Yesterday I would have been really cold cuz it just wind blowing all over. Like I was walking up across campus at school and I was like I did not bring a heavy enough jacket. Like my nose is cold. I don't know how your ears aren't cold. It is not. Yeah. It was colder this morning for sure, but it's still cold. About 12° cooler. Yeah. When I first got here, I was like, "Oh, I hope it doesn't stay like this all day." Should we go to Epcot Park? Yeah. But as I call it, the wind uh chill because the wind's so calm, the wind chill is only like 2° lower. Yeah. So it's like 45 feels like 43. Yeah. But that wind when it hit you in the face, that's cold. Oh, for sure. For sure. That's a cold wind. Hello everybody. I was surprised though. Even down by the water, it wasn't as cold as I thought it would be. Oh, good. Oh, for sure. Happy place. Me, too. I'm just I'm a baby now when it comes to cold. Like I mean, I used to live in northern Indiana, almost Michigan. We got lake effect snow and negative temps all the time. Not just that also that place it's windy all the time. All the time. There is not time when it's not windy. It's just windy. And it's never sunny in the winter. At least when we live there. So I know what cold is and I don't miss it. It's weird to me though, too, because you get um It's strange because you get the like wind here from the ocean. Obviously, but you think it'd be stronger. Yeah. here because we have oceans and lakes. But up there, especially in the winter, I remember going up staying with friends and you could Great Lakes, you could just feel and hear the wind just beating the house, just beating it all night long. And I'm like, it doesn't happen. Now, granted, that's a siding house and we're in Stuckco houses. So, maybe. So, it is different. Yeah. Stuck it. It was loud last night. The wind. We're kind of on a hill where we live, so we do get more wind than a lot. Yeah, I bet you do. But, it's so pretty. The bright spaceship. I wish they played the shows again. I know. Me, too. Um, no, it was a Oh, I bet that'll be cold in that 100%. All right, we had a good uh we had a good overview of the festival. We sure did. I've been here since 7:30 a.m. Look, you can see the uh uh it's not part of Spaceship Earth Birth, but you can see the Spaceship Earth Birth tiles in the back. Yeah. Yeah, you sure can. You can also very clearly see that that's not part of the actual sphere. Yeah. Well, you could you could No, I see I see what you're saying. If you look at it, it's not it's closer than what the sphere is. No, you're right. You're right. Yeah. But no, but when you're in there, you don't know. Yeah. Oh, I bet that did come in handy. All right. I was telling people there's a billboard here in Chicago warning the LA Rams to try to not try to lick the goalpost. This says stuck, stuck, stuck, stuck. That's hilarious. I love that. Yes. Now, just like Jenna, I live I didn't live in northern Indiana, but I lived in Indiana for 29 years. So, yes, I also know not to lick the cold. Uh-huh. Nope. Don't do that. No. You'll be like uh Sven on the frozen ride. Also, you'll shoot your eye out. Also, that don't do that. Not recommended. The same movie. I mean, there was a famous scene in that movie with the with the the licking stuff. Yes. You're right. Yep. No, actually, when we go You're welcome, Diane. We go to New York. Um, oh yeah, you're gonna do that soon. Yeah, the 30th, 29th and 30 or 30th, 31st, whatever. Liam and I, that'll be Liam's first, besides Gailor Palms Ice, which we're only in there for like 10 or 15 minutes. It'll be his first time feeling real cold. Oh, you're right. Well, it's cold now. I think it's real cold today. It'll be This isn't fake cold. No, I'm just kidding. I think New York is even colder cuz you are so close to the water. We're going to be on Long Island. Yeah. Oh, okay. Okay. Um, also flights are so cheap. Yeah. Fly in and out of JFK. Get how much? How much it was for the two of us? 300 bucks round trip for the two of us. That is very cheap. That's with tax. That's nice. So 150 for each of us. That includes the extra charge for the carry-on bag. Oh wow. You have to you have to pay for carry-on bags now. Um not under not, you know, cuz we're only going to be gone for 2 days. We don't need a suitcase. Wait, you're on what line? Uh JetBlue. Oh, or maybe that was included. I don't know. We looked on Usually those are included. We looked on Kayak and Kayak had them for like 225. But then by the time you That's what it was. JetBlue included the carry-on but not they checked. But Kayak was like, "Oh,$225." I'm like, "Man, that's $75 cheaper." And then you have to add the check the carry on bag for $50 each. Now it's more expensive. That's how they get you. I'm like, that's how they get you. Thanks for wasting my time. Anyway, but still good deal. No, it still was. I mean, yeah, it was only like $25 difference at the end of the day, but I felt I felt cheated by the extra fee. Yeah, there you go. That is true. Anyway. Yep. So, but are you not going to be here next Friday? So, I will not be here next Friday. It is Dale's birthday, so I'm going to be spending the day with Dale. Don't know what we're doing yet, but we're going to hang out. Okay. So, I will not be live with Josh on Friday. Um, he'll be by himself, but then I will be live by myself the next Friday. Woohoo. You won't be here. So, we're going to flip-flops. We will for a couple Fridays. Got to figure out where I'm going to go then. Same Z's. Yeah. So, anyways, but then we'll be back together in February. Together again. Muppets. Did you know the Muppet show is it back yet? Not yet. No. No. I have it in my calendar. I forget when it is. That's going to be fun. I'll have to look. It will be fun. It was really cool that they like we heard the announcement of it like before everybody else did. It was very cool. The love show. Shall we? We shall. Okay. A memories. Shall you? Oh. Oh, yeah. Sorry. I didn't even think of it. No, it was good. His dad when he did that video said, "I'm not going to say the vlog is over." But he actually imitated Adam. I'm not going to say the vlog is over. He did Adam's voice. Yeah, he did great. Yeah. So good. Did you watch the newest one where you went through the possessions? Not yet. No, that one I was like, "Oo, I don't know if I can watch this one." But it was good. He, you know, he Good for him for being able to do that. Um cuz yeah, Dale and I are going to do a video about Chloe and thanking all you guys and all the things and we just haven't been able to do it yet. So, but we will. Well, whenever you can do it is fine. People will watch it no matter what. Yep. I want to do a I really want to do a like a montage of videos we have of her and and pictures and Oh boy. So many probably. Yeah. So many, but we will eventually. You know, when I watch all these old movies of us as I have been going all day. Yes. Jersey Johnny 7:30 this morning. Yeah. I took a 15-minute car nap. You really have been at Epcot like almost as longer than a person can be at Epcot. Yeah, because we got in before. Can't usually get in 17. Yeah. So, watching all the film reels and all the videos and everything of us as family over the years, I I worry sometimes. I'm like, "Oh, am I taking a video of Liam?" Cuz I think sometimes because I have the phone, I just don't take the nice long video. You don't think about it. Yeah. But at Christmas, I always take an entire video of him opening all his presents. Oh, yeah. You do. Yeah. So, that's good. Yeah. Yep. I know. I I think the same of Chloe. I'm like, darn, I should have been taking more and I should have done this and that and that. Yeah. But but you did get her in several announcement videos. I did. And several That's why I haven't been able to do those yet. Well, for sure. Well, today worked out well. Yep. Gave me a break and then you could do your thing. Yeah. But um also, you know, you have you had several vlogs with her, which is good. Lots of vlogs. I think that's really helpful cuz always be there. Yep. 100%. Definitely. Definitely. I kind of wish I put 40 on more vlogs, but he was on some home streams. Oh, that's true. And the male streams. Yeah. Mail streams and home. Yeah. He was on the hurricane room stream. Yes. Yes. With Chloe. Yep. And Murray. Murray. All three dogs. We had three dogs and a cat and a baby. If you look at that baby. If you look at the thumbnail for that. Is there anything in these we for you to check out? We can go in if you want. If we look at the thumbnail for that hurricane stream when I was saving all the videos, I was looking at it and I saw like, wow, all the pets. There they are. They were Yep. All of them. They have cat T C T C T C T C T C T C T C T C T C T C in the pictures. I don't think she wanted to be picked up. No, she was terrified of all the dogs. And she when we all had to hunker down in the bathroom during the worst part of it, she was in her little crate. Yes. So, she was happy. Yeah. She felt safe. All the doggies were nice, but she was like not she was not trusting them. Well, she she's a cat. Yes, she's a cat. Makes sense. Yep. Somebody wanted to see festival pants, but I forgot. Um, they only had them in one shop. I They're on my reel. So, go over to Resort TV1 on Instagram. They're on my reel. I show all of them. Otherwise, you had to go in that shop and wait in line. So, hey, look. Space. The final frontier. Oh, look. Figment with his uh paint. Oh, that's cool. I like that. That is very cool. Anybody know what that was from Genesis space? And I said, "The finals come here." It's from a show. Name the show. Name that show. There's a new group. Oh my goodness. He's so cute. Hello, Michelle and Chewy. Hello. Guardians. They have a Guardians of the Galaxy one. Kathleen got it. St. Star Trek. Is that what that is? Yep. St. There we go. There you go. They got it. These are the voyages of the starship enterprise. I never watched that. I mean, I remember mom and dad watching it. Such a good show, but I never I never watched it. I like the next generation with Captain Papar Patrick Stewart more. Oh, okay. The bald guy. Yep. I know him. The bald guy. Bald guy. Oh, look. They have Jimmy Cricket here, too. I love that they have Jiminy Cricket, cuz you never see him. He's like one of those characters that you don't find very many things of. You know, they're doing a lot better with the merch, so maybe they'll they'll put more characters out because that's something they can do. I guess the only thing is it's a risk of money if people don't buy them. Yeah, true. That's the problem. That is the problem. But people are loving all these little like clearly, you know, a bunch of room on the shelf. The shoulder pals and the the little the little keychain guys and Yeah. All the things. Yeah, I know. I am. I like them. Oh, that's a fun frame. Princess frame. My dad loves Star Trek. I like Earth Earth cup there. Uh-huh. I actually thought about getting you one of these, but I'm like, you don't drink coffee, so I don't know what you put in it. Just water. Okay. I actually have We actually have too many of these. Okay. Good thing I didn't get it for you. Steph sees all the pretty ones at Starbucks and then forgets we don't have one. Yeah, sure is. It's amazing. I have this. You do? Uhhuh. Look at it. What do you use it for? Pretty a decoration. We just set it up. All right. Well, we only had 3 hours when the park was open. So, we'll do uh we'll do more rides obviously next time we're at Epcot. But, yeah, we want to show you the festival today. Yes. Our main goal was a festival, and we got to show a lot of that. So, the festival and if Yes. The best. You're the festival of the festival. Of the festival. Exactly. So, if you missed my morning stream again, go check it out. And uh and thanks to all the replay watchers watching this one now. Yeah. And all the regular watchers, the right now watchers. All the watchers. You guys, everybody who stayed up late. That's right. Thanks everybody. It's not actually that late. It's not even 10 yet. Uh yeah, soon. 20 minutes. Did you know this Christmas tree is still up at Magic Kingdom? No. Are you serious? It sure is. Oh my goodness gracious. That's really late. I'm going to go tomorrow. Okay, now I have to go to Magic Kingdom. I'm going to see if the Christmas is still up. Is everything else down? Just the trees up or is it Oh, it was all the decorations on Main Street, too. That really baffles me. That's the longest it's ever been up. I know. Because the marathon was a week ago. Well, not quite a week ago, but my 10k was a week ago. Actually, no. I remember one year it was up till the 18th. Really? Today is the 16th. So, we're getting close to a record as far as I know. All right. I would bet. Hello, Dana Marie. Yes, there was a a morning stream. Yep. Go check it out. I would bet some will be down tomorrow. I don't know why. Well, cuz tonight is an early close. Okay. Yep. Yep. Yep. I bet you're right. Late close at 11:00. Okay. Yep. I bet I don't think the tree will be down tomorrow, but they might take some stuff down. Yeah. We'll see. Or they'll just focus on the tree and then leave all the other stuff out. Yeah. So, you shall see tomorrow. Yes. Yeah. Everybody have a good night. Thanks for watching. And see, join me and see if there's a tree. And that's all. I I thought I was trying to think of something else, but I couldn't. My tired brain said, "Nope, not going to do it." We got nothing. Got nothing. Let's see. What else do we have to do? I did Surf Shark. Oh, Dreamtable. Can you do Dream Table? Dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to get one of those really hard to get reservations at Walt Disney World, all you have to do is go over to dreamtable.co or uh download it on the app store, put in all the information that you know, the place you want to uh get the reservation, the time, the date, all those things, and they will notify you whenever it becomes available. So, they won't actually make the reservation for you. They will notify you, and then you go into the app and make the reservation yourself. So, you don't have to keep looking at the app over and over. Go to dreamtable.co, everybody. and also search for it on the app store. That's probably the easiest way. On the app store, dreamtable.co. Thanks everybody. It's been a fun Friday. I'm going to I'm going to sleep well tonight. As Justin says. Yeah. To be fair, I probably still got up at the same time. I got up at 5:30. You probably did. No, I got up at 5. Oh, I did not get up at the same time. Cuz I knew I had to leave. You know, it takes a while to get here, then I had to walk in and True. So true. All the things. And I wanted to be here before 7:30 so I wasn't late. See all a lot of our friends today at the the at the event and saw everybody at the Disneyland thing, too. Yeah, it's good to see all the everybody's. Okay. Why didn't we have this battery earlier? It's nice and warm. It's warm. Yeah. That's a nice hand warmer for you. I love it. I was like, I had it the whole time. Uhhuh. Uhhuh. Yep. Time to go home. And she will stole that from Justin. No, you should definitely go watch Tom Wilson Biff's video. Yeah, I will. I will. I just hadn't heard him, you know, I just hadn't heard him talk that long by himself. Yeah, I've met him before. Oh, you actually have at megaon. He's very nice. He's just so like his he's so thoughtful. Very And you can just tell he's just a genuinely good guy. Like he just had so many thoughts about like everybody should do this. Everybody should share their stories. Everybody he said you matter. Everybody your story matters. You matter, you know. Yeah, it was really cool. That's really cool. I love that. I will go check it out. And it's true. You do matter and your story does matter. 100%. You should tell it to somebody. Yeah. You know, that's the tagline this year for Run Disney. Tell your story. Tell your story. I like that. Me, too. Very cool. And you know, you and I are doing a run Disney. I'm going to run the Disney. You're going to do it. I'm going to run. You better You better, you know, practice. Yeah, I will. Oh, I was talking to one of my students who ran the obviously I won't name names, but she ran a half marathon um in like 2 hours and 40 something minutes. Oh my goodness. which I think is pretty good. That No, that's very good. I don't know what the I did the 10K in an hour and 40. So, she did the she did the the half marathon 2 hours and something goals. Yeah, I really I do want to do a half marathon. I want to do that first and then if that doesn't kill me, then maybe marathon. We'll see. I want to before I you know, bucket. Yeah, bucket list. I want to I'd like to do a marathon just to say that I did. Y I don't even care if the balloon ladies are right behind me when I finish. As long as I finish, I will have succeeded. All right. Yes. Succeed. Cross the finish line. Uh-huh. That's the goal. That is the goal. It's a great goal. Yeah. Bam. We're dark, but it's fine. Face your birth is bright. It's not bright. We're here. I was telling people this is my fans jacket that the people used to call it. Who was it Big Al that used to watch? He had used to call it. He's Josh has his Fonza jacket on. It's not as cool as a fans jacket though. It doesn't have enough zippers. No, it's only got one zipper. Mhm. Anyway, you know what's cool when Josh has his jacket. That is true. I thought it was going to be colder actually. Maybe it's just this jacket is so awesome. Maybe. But it's not even zipped. What is you? Okay. I'm fine. You're not freezing. Well, I'm wearing four layers. I have a t-shirt, a light sweater, the Old Navy fleece, and the and the leather jacket. I have a long sleeve shirt. I have parts and a pair of shoes. Yeah. Maybe you have the sweater and the boot. Probably. I could take the jacket off and I'd be okay, I think. I don't know. You okay? I'm okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Sorry. Remind me of Pepe the shrimp on the lettuce from Santa. Yeah, but yeah, but you you don't do that. Okay. You don't do that. You be a good Pepe. That's right. Well, when he when he talks about having his uh was Liam was talking about something snowberries and blackberries and whatever. I said, "Yeah, it's like like Pepe says." Oh, like Pepe said. Um, he goes, "Yeah, I got my blackberry, my raspberry, my halibberry." Remember that? Got my halibberry. I love them. I love peppy. Pepe. Pepe. I love Pepe, too. But I also when they brought him, they took away Rizzo. Oh, I also love They were They're both good. They need to bring them both on on the set. On the set of Muppets. Well, it is a set. Yeah, to be fair. There you go. There are actors. Yeah, there are sets. I'm in I'm in Broadway mode. Yeah. No, you you had the right word. Okay. It's a show and it has a set. It's not a stage. Okay, there you go. I mean, it could be called a stage, but no, it's a set. All right. Anyway, now that we solved that problem. Uhhuh. If there was a problem, yo, we'll solve it. We'll solve it. All right. Check out the other streams while our DJ revolves. Ice baby. Uh, let's see. Rosalie, uh, Dana, Resort Hopper bronze. Congrats on 18 months of Resort Hopper Bronze and enjoying it. Thank you. Also, uh, platinum members, platinum members, thank you so much, Patreon. Thank you so much, um, moppers, which is our moderators, hoppers, everybody for watching, and all of our resort hopper members, whether bronze, silver, platinum, gold, we appreciate all of you. Uh we have platinum members Bayubo TX total care Tom Amy Moore Big Guy One Tiffany Mertz Love Go Mini uh Diane 515 Jack Sparrow Sorcerer Mickey William Lillly My Crazy Grunup Life Chuck Polly the amazing Jaylen Moxy Cander Danny Will Miller Christopher Black James Hymon Alan J. Thank you guys. So yeah, have a great night everybody. We'll see you uh I'll see you tomorrow. I see you Monday. There we go. I was going to do an all day and I decided I just want some time at home. That's my plan. So, we'll do an all day eventually, but not right now. So, all right, we will see you uh next time. Did we get all the sponsors? Uh Layer 1 Technology support at layer 1 technology if you want to uh if if you want to chill. If you have uh IT support needs for your small or mediumsiz business, layer 1 technology.com. All right, everybody. We'll see you tomorrow or Jenna, we'll see you Monday. Monday. All right, so for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye. Oh my step back. I love you.
