---
video_id: XTawFCRzZV0
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Friday Night Live - Magic Kingdom Monorail Resorts - Walt Disney World - 2-20-26"
published: 2026-02-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTawFCRzZV0
---
t-shirt. What type of Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I am live for Friday Night Live here at Disney's Polynesian Village Resort and our Montreal resort hopping stream. So, welcome in everybody. It's a beautiful night here in Central Florida. It is about 82 degrees. It was up to a high of I believe 86 or 87 today, which is crazy. It is going to get a little cooler next week. I guess we're going to drop down into the 30s again. Uh so our weather is a little a little um indecisive, if you will. But it's been a great day today. And uh now that we got the weather report done, I guess we can start the stream. But anyway, be sure you subscribe, hit the like button, all the things, and follow us on all the social media. We're Resort TV, one on Facebook, Instagram, Tik Tok, and Twitter. And uh it's just me tonight. Mom and dad were going to join us. But uh mom started not feeling good earlier today and so she decided to stay home just to make sure if she has a cold or something, maybe she needs to rest up and get better and all that. So, so, uh we'll um have mom and dad with us whenever Mom feels better. And Jenna, of course, is on her cruise with Dale and they get back on Sunday. So, you'll see her streaming again after that after she gets time to rest up and unpack from the trip. But, so it's just me tonight, but we're still going to have a great time. All right. So, we got Anthony here. We got Tony. We got Jonathan. We've got uh Teresa. Hello, Ally. Cardboard Box. Benjamin, welcome in everybody. A lot of people in the pool because it is a good pool day. tomorrow. A slight change to the schedule. U I was going to go live in the morning and I've just been kind of feeling pretty tired all day. Not sick at all, just exhausted from not sleeping much lately. I've been working on projects, trying to get that ride stream ready late into the night and just not being able to get to bed on time. And so I think I'm going to rest tomorrow morning a little bit rather than try and get up and, you know, get to the park too early. I think I'll start maybe at 11 or 12 tomorrow and do uh like an early afternoon stream, maybe uh stream after lunch and through to the parade. So, that'll still be a great stream, but I'm just not going to try and be the first one at Magic Kingdom tomorrow because I need to rest, but we'll get there. I hope Miles feels better. Thank you. Hey, Leslie. Sunset looks nice already. Hello Mickey, mom, Jen, Rita, Anthony, Heather. Welcome. How dare you sleep when we're all sleeping? I know, right? There we go. That's going to be a fun night. We're going to start here and then we're going to head over to probably Fidian and kind of do our traditional path. Although we might take a Magic Kingdom detour. We'll see. Just for fun. Sometimes we do a Magic Kingdom detour on our resort hops. Teaching has a way of wearing you out. Yeah. And I had a big we had a big week. So, hey DBC Scott. Hey, Bes Bespoke Magic. Yeah, I had a big week. A lot of stuff going on. So, yeah. Paper Ever is at 9. Um, we had our uh we had a uh curriculum specialist come in that works with us our school from a very prestigious university and uh she was with us for a couple days and uh you know we we always have a great time but it's um I'm the one I'm the music department chair so I'm the one who has to plan the entire visit and all the scheduling and make sure it works. uh because I've been the one that's kind of been there the longest and most experienced. Um but also um I have to also teach a lesson and not really be evaluated, just be observed and get feedback on my delivery of the lesson and everything else. It's probably the biggest lesson I teach all year cuz I have to really, you know, make sure everything's right. And uh it went well. So yay. But that is why I'm a little more tired. everything went like as well as it possibly could have gone. Like in other words, I don't mean that as like a oh it it didn't go well. I mean like it went amazing and like it couldn't have actually gone any better. That's my tiredness speaking a little bit. I was like I said that and I was like that didn't sound good. That sound like it it didn't go well but it wouldn't have gone any better. No, what I meant was like it went amazing and I don't think it could have gone any better because it was already incredible. And not just my lesson but like everything. Um the schedule was great. The kids were awesome. Uh you're always, you know, students, they're kids and you never know how they're going to react to changing um procedures and stuff and they just did amazing. Yay to not being fired. Yeah. It's not a it's not and I know you're joking, but it's not a being fired thing. It's just a you know, you want to do your best. It's not really an evaluation. I'm kind of evaluated all year. I have performance reviews and things like that that I go to just like anybody else. So, and we discuss things and targets and goals and all that kind of stuff. But anyway, that's not why you're here. You're here for pretty Polynesian. Do you ever walk the resort loop all the way around instead of um taking the Montreal? That would be cool. Easier for me to say sitting on the couch. Yeah. Well, you can't walk it all the way around without walking along the road. You'd have to walk um from Contemporary to uh TTC. You'd have to walk on the gr, you know, in the grass or beside the road. There's no sidewalk that goes there. But yeah, I could walk 3/4 of the way. I think tonight I'll monail it since it's been a long week. Sapphire Sooner, grab a cookie and a Coke at Trader Sam's. Thank you, Sapphire Sooner. $5. No more really reviews. Yeah. >> Hey, Emory. See, I got to decide whether I'm starting at 11 or noon. Probably noon. and that will give me a little more time. Like there's no benefit to starting at 11 over noon, so might as well just do noon and then uh that'll be good enough. I've done the TTC contemporary. Yeah. And you can do it, but you're you know there's no sidewalk. You're on the you're on the side of the road basically. Has anybody seen the trailers for Toy Story 5 or Star Wars Mandalorian and Grou? No, haven't. Looks beautiful. Looks ready for another foot of snow in New Jersey. Oh my goodness. Yeah. I mean, I guess that's when you guys are getting that and we're getting a another cold front, which for us is cool, but for you guys is um actually, you know, not that bad. But it is weird in Florida in late February to be in the uh in the 30s again. I don't think we'll hit freezing, but it'll be chillier than normal for sure. >> Oh, pineapple. All right, Britney, congrats on 13 months of Resort Hopper bronze. Thanks, Britney. Love all these displays here. There's Walt and Lillian. But anyway, those little those little boats there kind of like saucer boats. That's interesting. Okay, >> let's walk around and see if we can get to uh >> Hey, Grandma. But I don't know where we're getting to, but you know, get around to the resorts. This is interesting. It's like just a straight up Walt Disney World collection. Giant pencils are always fun. Although this is nice. They come with a pencil sharpener because we bought one one time like years ago. They didn't have pencil sharpeners big enough for these a lot of times. And so I remember I had it and we were using it and it was fun. But dad ended up like having to whittle it away with the knife because it was like, you know, there was no way to actually sharpen it back in the 80s. And he was like, "Yeah, we're not going to keep doing that. I'm going to end up, you know, hurting myself trying to sharpen this." And I was like, "Yeah, that's probably a good plan. We don't want anybody getting hurt." But now they have pencil sharp pencil sharpeners with them. That's progress. >> A bit late joining in. Liby, you're not that late. You're only 11 minutes late. >> That's not bad at all. >> Terlocks. Hello. I was almost a minute late. So >> that's close. >> I I like that. >> Would your students know what a pencil sharpener is? I think so. God, I know we we do use writing utensils every once in a while. Although, I will say as a music teacher and doing music theory all the time, I'm glad that we don't use pencil and paper for music theory anymore because it's a lot of just a lot of it it takes a lot longer. It's a nice little I guess it's a straw. So, I guess that's a like a coconut mug or something. Huge multiolor pins. Yeah, I do remember those where you push a color and you could have like four different colors and all that. Yeah, those were super fun. I always like the ones, too. And they did have these at Disneyland for the 70s. The little pins that had like a type of, you know, like a like a little boat or a rocket ship or something would go back and forth as if you, you know, it had liquid inside of it. And if you tilted the pen one way or the other, the little rocket ship would go back and forth. I liked having those at school. And of course, you were super cool if you had one of those multiolor pens, but you had to watch it, you know, so nobody took your pen. Although our school was pretty honest about stuff. Finan pencils were what we used to write with before phones took over the world. Yeah, this part of the stream must be the shout out to Jenna. Must be. >> They got DBC exclusive stuff. Oh, that's cool. Benjamin about Legend of Zelda. Yeah, I do like that channel. Does a really They did a really good Super Mario World documentary at GTV. Um, documentaries are hard, man. They're they're they're I've not really made I We make tours and stuff, but a full documentary I've not really done. It's just too timeconuming. the and the bad thing you have to you have to almost like either just do it as a labor of love or like be an established channel because the amount of time that it takes to do it is prohibitive. Like you you have to be able to um commit a lot of time to it and then not be not be really even um assured that it's going to work. There's some Roosevelt stuff, you know, that if nobody watches it, then well, you've spent your time on it and it it uh you know, just like, oh, I'm glad it's there. That's 89 for that. Believeable star. Is that Linda Ronstat? I think it is. That's the uh People Bryson and Linda Ronstat version that's playing right now. That's the the end of the movie one. >> I love that. >> Hey, Princess Kristen. How are you? When is the spring concert? Uh sometime in May. I have a also a IB music recital that we do that is going to be um March 11th. So yes, we record all of them, but obviously I can't share them here for student privacy and all that. But yeah, no, we do we do record them all and I don't have I don't technically direct any of the bands this year, but now with the changeovers we've made uh with some of the things we've been working on. Um I've been mostly focused on music department chair and and I was fine arts chair last year and some of that kind of stuff. Um, it's uh I think we'll end up uh I think I'm going to end up doing more band in the future because I'm been working more closely with the new band director. So, that's been fun. So, I'll probably get back into that world eventually or not. Who knows? Whatever they need me to do, man. That's what I do. And that's fine. Honestly, I kind of I get it as like a more experienced member of staff. you know, that's like, "Hey, we need you to do this because nobody else has done that before and it's easier if you just do it." Like, okay. It's weird, too, cuz like, how did I get to be the quote unquote old guy? When did that happen? >> Oh, they're got redoing some kind of refurbishment over there. Hey, Jen. Mom and dad are not with us tonight. Mom started feeling a little under the weather earlier, so they decided to uh stay home just as a precaution. So, nothing serious, just, you know, sniffle, sore throat, that kind of stuff. So, she's going to hopefully she'll feel better soon. Hey, Deborah. Oh, did you you bop the like? Good job. >> Obligatory. The lobby used to be cooler comment. And that's good enough. >> Have someone shout at you, then they can do it next time. Yeah. Yeah. No, I I would do this. We've had a lot of uh had a lot of position switch lately. So, it wouldn't have really even mattered because the people that I would have shown to do it wouldn't have been there anymore. So, we'll get there. Right now, I'm just letting everybody focus on their jobs. Yeah, Bobcat for sure. It's always an adventure. You're never sure what's going to be your schedule. Yeah, for sure. for sure. There's a lot of advantages to a private school life. I don't know that I ever actually said officially that I do teach to private school, but I do. I think you've guys have probably already figured that out. I I taught in public for 19 years. Not 19. Math is hard. 16 >> 17 years sorry 17 years in public and then I transferred over to private >> I want >> so nice thing is we don't have to we don't have to be we're not slaves to the test so nice we can just teach our own curriculum and we you know it's our job to make sure it's high quality and it's really nice that we can do that and not have anybody you know telling us what we have to do like maybe if you had $10 when you're publishing your book. Have WW fun. Best trips for enjoying the visit. I need to I need to in my spare time. Thanks big movie fan. My son's there at Polly out there by the sand. He just ate at Kona. Nice. He's a CP on Skylliner. I may even run over to Universal. Oh, that's good. Matt. Yes. Eric Dane. That was sad. We really enjoyed him in several different shows. We just left Walt Disney World this afternoon. The tree falling is extreme levels. Yeah. Um you know it's gotten warmer, so everything's starting to bloom after the after the freeze. So uh that will probably be stopped for a little while. Ooh, looks like a nice sunset over here. I can't really go over there, but here. Hold on. I can go over here, but I can't really go outside this side. Let's see if I can >> You can't really see it. Well, that's too bad. >> We're not close enough to it for the phone to actually pick it up. Trust me, it looks nice. >> Yeah, I miss the Poly Central lobby, too. Anyway, sorry, I got really, really, really far behind. Hey, Michael. High school still have clubs. Yeah, some of them. A lot of the like you talk about drama and stuff. A lot of I mean we have like you know thespians which is like I mean more of a honor society type you know it's more of a official type club like it's a it's a teacher run club as opposed to a student run club even though the students are officers and things teacher sponsored I guess is a way to say we have Triam which is the music one and all that kind of stuff. Then we have lots of other clubs that kids can join you know like astronomy and like chess and you know robotics and all kinds of cool stuff. All right. >> Excuse me. Sorry. Excuse me, buddy. All right. We can't have all of them. >> Train for dad there. How fun. >> Administrative guidance. Yeah, that's a good phrase. >> All right, I'm probably going to head back outside. Is this a pirate battleship? >> How have I not seen this before? >> How fun. 50 bucks if you're interested. >> There you go. >> All right. Not a whole lot of I mean, I don't I don't know the merch as well as Jenna, obviously. Um, but it's just I don't see like tons of like revolutionarily new stuff from stream to stream when we come. But I do enjoy walking through it nonetheless. Don't call it music club, call it the jazz club. I don't know about that. My students aren't allowed to call me Josh anyway until they graduate. And even then, they can't do it. Like, you know what I mean? It's hard for me, too. Hard for me to call teachers I had for years their first name. Um, and I Yeah. So, I didn't I don't usually, and they don't usually either. I mean, like that that student I saw, former student, he's like, you know, an adult with kids now. I saw at Magic Kingdom the other day. um Saturday he was um >> he was out with his with his kids having a great day and and he still addressed me as Mr. Nelson even though you know he'd be what you know and I tell him that too like I used to tell him like oh you can call me Josh when you graduate you're fellow adult at that point but a lot of them do that's my other rules about social media you know there's nothing official but most teachers generally say you know no adding students on social media until you gradu until they graduate high school and then they're then they're at that point they're adults and they're no longer your student and then it's totally fine. It's still your choice if you want to add them obviously, but there's no legal ramifications and and and professional ramifications at that point. So, >> so yeah. So, I will if they I won't add them, but if they want if they add me, you know, I'll add them cuz I don't have anything really super private anyway. I'm pretty public obviously, but um I don't add like just anybody I don't know though. Like I don't add everybody. Like I don't add I don't add people from the the channel as much just because, you know, I try and keep that part of my life here on YouTube and then I don't I don't add people on Facebook unless I like know them in real life. I watched Grayson said earlier he performed a medley from Lay Miz. That's fun. Oh, I bet I would have loved it for sure. I I I'm not usually there when he performs, but I always enjoy it. He's fantastic. Last time I was there, he did a Mary Poppins. Super califragilistic with Bert and Mary Poppins dancing in the background. We got to go out here and see the actual waterfalls out here. So, because there are still some music teacher 30 years ago named Mr. Nelson, how fun. Wait, this channel is public? I know, right? No, turn it off. Take it down quick. Okay, just kidding. That's funny, James. Our school has a policy that students shouldn't print. Teach people shouldn't friend students. Okay, that's good. Some students call me by my first name after they graduate. Others find two weird. Yep. Same exact thing. >> I actually I've had very few students able to do it. >> It's not because they don't have permission. It's a nice sign of respect. It is. It is. I think that's the uh the relationship you build over the years is one of hopefully one of respect. Yeah. Tell you what I should do. I should just come up here and set up a camera there and just like let it record for like a whole day. I don't have a whole day to devote for that. But wouldn't that be nice on a nice sunny day and you just see like the weather change like the sky? You wouldn't be able to see the sky unless I like really zoomed out to a wide shot or something, but just get a great shot here. Now, there would be probably, you know, there'd be moments that are louder when people walk by or unhappy children or, you know, whatever. But yeah, I went by Captain Cooks already. I may go by again though on my way over to Grand Flow. They turn the other way when I see mine. Well, you know, to each their own. Yeah, you could loop it, too. You You wouldn't get I mean, you could record an hour and then just loop it, you know, for 24 hours. That'd be easy to do. What What you wouldn't get, though, is the uh the dayight cycle change. you wouldn't get the uh the changeover, the nice peaceful change over to sunset. Got some dead trees up there. See my high school band director and she always says, "Call me Jill." And I say, "Okay, Miss Moyer." I know it's hard. Somebody flips the camera in the pond. I mean, theoretically, I'd be standing by it, so I hope they wouldn't do that while I was standing there, but I can't put it past people, you know. Wow, this is kind of new out here. Check this out. Is this I didn't know they finished this. New usual when two former students are now teaching in the same building. Yeah. Yep. They still won't call me by my first name. I love that. I accidentally did that to my uh my boss the other day in quiet. I mean I'm okay to call my boss by the first name but I just like in front of the students I obviously try not to and I did during my lesson the other day and she was like a don't worry about it. She was there watching my lesson as well. But it was good. It went really well I think. Oh yeah. If you call a teacher, they just say, "Oh, remember Miss so and so." And then you say, "Brenda," and they instantly Or you say Brenda, and then they You say Miss So and so, they instantly remember. Yeah. Hi, how are you? >> Picture with you. >> Of course. >> Thank you so much. How's your day going? >> Good. How about you? >> Good. I used to watch you all the time when I was back in Utah. Just got my CP and just got here. >> Oh, you're the one I saw. Oh, I think one of your parents is in the chat. >> My dad. Yeah. Okay. >> Yeah. That's awesome. >> Super. You want to say hi on the stream? >> Sure. >> What's your name? >> Hi, I'm Jansen. >> Thanks, boss. Appreciate. >> Nice to meet you. Yeah, you have fun and uh congrats on the CP. Thanks. >> Enjoy the Skyliner. Yeah, you too. Well, the students are aware of the streaming. Uh some of them are. Most of them are probably, but some of them aren't. I it doesn't come up a lot honestly. The other staff members are aware of it too cuz somebody asked me a video question the other day like about how to edit something on a video like I know you edit videos. How do you do this? And I was telling them so I was like I'll help you like not a big deal. But yeah, great to see you and Jenna on February 6th at AK Outside Expedition Everest. We're back in Massachusetts. It's cold and snowing. H sorry to hear that. always got really nervous for observations. I used to, but now it's like no matter what happens, I just kind of you just kind of learn to go with it. I mean, that's teaching in a nutshell, right? You figure out how to go with it. I guess for me, the most fun part about teaching is kind of like a really cool conversation in that you have a plan for what you want to say or do and then the students do something and you're like, "Oh, actually, we could go this way. And then you do go that way and it ends up, you know, ends up kind of in a slightly different place than what you would originally imagine. And that's kind of that's kind of cool. >> That's the That's the fun part for sure. Wow. How do we get here? I don't know how I got here, but it's super cool that we did. >> I do like to go on deep dives sometimes. Obviously, I do it in the channel, too. I do it in the classroom as well. Somebody will say something and I'm like, well, you know, that reminds me of a, you know, and the kids actually do like it. I know you're probably some people are probably thinking like, well, they must hate that. But no, they really don't. I can tell. I'm pretty perceptive, so I can tell like when it's too much or when it's not enough. Obviously, I can't tell as much with you guys cuz I can't see you. But I can tell when I'm in person. But it's uh but it is fun. It's fun to like kind of have a conversation spawn something else and then you >> you end up >> learning something you hadn't intended >> to learn or teach. Yeah. Why would we not get Michelle? Are we going? >> It should matter to the school. It's very family friendly. Yeah, I think it matters. I think that does matter. >> So, here we are in Captain Cooks. And again, if you're curious, I parked at TTC. We don't even try and park at the resorts. Um, except for like Portans, they don't care. But these Magic Kingdom resorts, they're really strict about Port Orleans. You, you know, they ask what you're going to do. You were like, "Hey, I'm going to go get some beignet." So, I was like, "Cool. Have a good time." So, nice shirt. >> Thanks, bro. >> Yeah. Woohoo. >> Got his Indiana shirt on. I love it. >> Oh, come on. You're going to do the girl from Epana? I can't walk away from that. trivia. Did you guys know the girl from Apan Nemo was about an actual girl? >> And I think if I look it up correctly, there's actually a there's actually a picture of who the composer wrote it about. I always tell the students the attractions around the exit ramp, not on the highway. That's so true. What a great way to say it. >> It's a major seven chord palooa. No, it's in my head now. Like, what a what a perfect melody to just embody being in a tropical place like this. Oh, look at the moon up there. Come on. Does it get better than that? I don't think so. Let me go right here. Yep. Jenn and Dale are getting back and they'll get back uh Sunday. Where are the tables that used to be outside the windows to the right? Uh >> I mean they're all there's tables still here so I don't know exactly but but yeah there's some I don't know if there >> were more at some point. I forgot there. Well, there and there are some there were some over Oh, I see what you're saying. Uh, these are gone here, I think. There. Yeah, there was You're right. There was some over here. And those are gone, I believe, for the construction. They should be back eventually. Yes, there were some over here. I know what you're talking about. There were some right over there. I think that's construction hopefully because it was a really nice spot to have some tables. >> Songs about rainbows. Oh, he went different way than the melody than I a different way on the melody than I was going. That >> makes it interesting. >> No, we got to go. >> Yeah. See, this what I was talking about, girl from Epana. If you know, there's your music theory lesson. The triangle 7 is a major 7. The minor 7 is a minor 7. Seven sharp 11. All the chords are like these crazy seven chords. So, there you go. That's what gives it that kind of like a it's like a clashing sound, but it's like a pleasant clash. So, there you go. So, you hear it and you're like, "Ah, that's so nice." Speaking of nice, that is also nice. Is there a heavy metal version of Rainbow Connection? I actually am sure there is. It's interesting that you'd think songs that wouldn't work like that, but they end up working fine, just in a whole different way. Somebody's watching Blue. All right, let's head down to the tower. Hello, proud patriot. How are you doing? Good to see you. Thanks for being here. >> Yep. Listening to all that music, I'm kind of like getting the getting the chill chill vibes going on. remember you. >> There you go. >> Crazy the other day and I'm here like >> yes evidence. Dread Zeppelin. Is that a thing? That's funny. >> We'll see what >> sounds like reggae and uh Sounds like reggae and uh heavy metal. nodding ignorantly about the chords, but with much appreciation. Hey, thanks. >> Not to not to go into a music theory lesson in depth, but just to just to say that all those variations of seventh chords, even with all the added notes in there, a seventh chord has four notes in it instead of three. Most chords have three notes. So, anyway, the seventh chord has an added note and it gives it a whole new character. I've heard a heavy metal version of Reading Rainbow theme. It works surprisingly well in that style. That's awesome. We were talking earlier today at school about um Lavar Burton. One of our teachers was using a follow the drinking gourd in that episode in her lesson. Ah, feel like this hasn't been there long. The banyan tree. I'm glad it's I'm glad it's here. I'm glad it's back. Banyan trees are awesome. >> The giant concrete wall is not so awesome, but hey, it's fine. Sure, there's a reason. Never going to let you go by Sergio Mendez. Menddees has 23 or so chord and tempo changes. Wow. Complex song. If I if that's who I'm thinking about. Yeah, he's like a jazz >> guitar guy. >> Now I got to look it up. Not getting copyright claim though. How do you get in? >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's the Yep. That's the one. Okay. >> Yeah, it's this one here. I'll just put a couple seconds of it on there. Ready? Are you ready? But now that I've come to see the light, all I want to do is make things. >> Okay, that's as far as it goes without the copyright claim. Huh. Beloved barber shop music wouldn't be the same without seven chords. No, for sure. It was an innovation in western music. No, that Never Going to Let Go is like a really I had to add that to my playlist. is like the it's one of those guilty pleasure '8s songs, but it is very it's one of those like it always goes somewhere you think it's not going to go. You're like, "Oh, oh, where do we where do we end up?" Oh, you know, it's like there's like it's it definitely wouldn't have worked in like old style, you know, classical type music cuz there's like the chord changes are jarring sometimes, but in a good way. So, anyway, we used to watch shifting gears a little bit, we used to watch Eric Dayne in uh The Last Shift as well. He was really good in that show. Just booked Bayake Tower for November. Can't wait to spend time at these resorts. Nice. Hey, Adventure Lease. When those synthesizers came out that could do that like Never Going to Let You Go um song, people reused them a lot because they were just so kind of ubiquitous for a while. Like ubiquitous means that people used them a lot. So I guess I just said the same thing twice, but ubiquitous means they were everywhere. But yeah, they were just but they were new and it was like in style is what I'm trying to say. Do you have a favorite song you often like to play when you're practicing? Um I don't practice that much. So I just play some of my old recital pieces and some of the easier ones that I know. Um I say easier like stuff that I played. Um you know, some of it when I played in high school, but you know, just whatever kind of pops into my head. But I have I just don't play that much unless I'm getting ready for Give Kids the World. Now, >> hey Tracy, let's keep on keeping on. There's nothing uh nothing really to show in the island tower. It's it's a nice place for sure, but it is definitely a maximized use of space for rooms. And that's the you know that's the MMO when you're you're doing a you're doing Disney the way they're doing it now, which is always always always maximize investment dollars, which I get it is publicly traded company, but you don't get buildings like Wilderness Lodge or or Grand Fidian where there's a giant cutout in the lobby that's basically unused space, right? Cuz how many rooms could they put in there? Now, they'd be, to be clear, they'd be interior rooms. So, you know, they wouldn't be able to do too many of those because there would be no windows and people wouldn't like that. Yeah, music is definitely a gift to the world. That is for sure. So, I mostly play saxophone. I play a little piano. Play a small piano. No, just kidding. Oh wow, look at that. Huh? That is so relaxing. Palm trees against the sunset sky and a Montreal beam. Cold damage. Yes, there's a lot of cold damaged foliage. We've lost entire rows of bushes at our school. These things are gone. Don't give him ideas. I know, right? Okay. For some reason, right here. Hold on. I'm not going to move. Doesn't that right there in the middle? Doesn't that look like Spider-Man? Right there. Right in the middle. Doesn't that look like Spider-Man's face? Am I going crazy? Yeah, I think it does. Hey, Ryan, that view feels like a Tuesday. Nice, Dreamfinder. Love it. Yeah, I can't do anything but tranquil anymore. I'm just kidding. It's just easier when I'm had a long day at school. I play Piccolo, so I literally play the small. Yeah, that's true. Bright Suns and Rising Moons. Hello, Patrick. I just heard Never Going to Let You Go. And that was by Sergio Menendez, but I didn't know who the vocalists were. Yeah, the good stuff. Katie says, "I see it." Kind of does. I'm telling you. Good to see you, Streamfinder. So you can have your wedding right by a Spider-Man window. There you thought it looked like too far. Yeah. Say lights in the Lion King. Look like Darth Vader's helmet. Nice. I saw Grateful Dead skull. Well, there you go. See, it's like it's like looking at cloud formations. Everybody sees something slightly different. Very pretty. That's funny. Jackie Jacqueline. Hey, Surf Bum. I've been Melbourne for and we lost tons of plants. Even the grass is brown. Yep. Brown everywhere. Double Montreal. Jordan says, "Hey guys, it's been a while since I turned into a Disney stream. Been doing a lot of fantasy riding and car renders with TPT." Nice. Very cool. Yeah, I've been been working on that ride stream and learning a little bit of AI stuff, too. There you go. kids behaving. Yes. Yes. They did great. Um before you got here, I was just talking about a uh this week I this last two days we had a uh curriculum specialist visit from a very prestigious music school and um we uh every year we get a visit from this person and she's fantastic. But um it's a lot of prepar prep preparation. Um I'm the one that does the schedule as music department chair and all that stuff. But you know picking classes and making sure the kids that we choose for the demonstration lessons are going to be engaged and ready to learn and everything. Most of our kids are most of the time. But you know it it it's um it's a lot. And I was so glad the last couple days it went literally flawlessly. We even taught we taught This will give you guys a little idea of how how how it went cuz yeah, I'm in a private school, but it doesn't mean it's perfect. For sure. Kids kids are kids, right? Wow. Yeah, those got decimated. Sorry, squirrel. Yeah. Going to take a long time. Oh, they may just never they may just never bring some of that back because they'll be like, "Oh, why? It died. Let's just not replace it." Um, so mom and dad didn't make it because mom not feeling well. Anyway, we had a great time. The kids did a great job. We did, what I was trying to say is before the squirrel moment is we had um we um had our curriculum specialist teach a lesson about um Boach Beret from the Boach cello suites, one of his berets, which is a type of piece. Um, I believe it's based on an but anyway the point is it's by Boach and uh we're teaching them about how there's different voices and registers and like it's almost like one instrument playing two different parts and all this kind of stuff, right? This is a bunch of fifth graders, 35 fifth graders in one room and it was 2:30 and it was the last class of the day. And you know what? Those kids were pretty awesome. like yeah towards the end they got a little restless but it was pretty awesome. I was very very proud of them. Like teachers were getting restless. You know it's Friday. We're ready to go too. I've been seeing landscapers all over Disney property. Well, good. I'm glad. Maybe maybe they really will fix it up nice. I hope so. Listen, I wouldn't totally blame Disney either. Like there's times we've done that at our own house, so I can't blame Disney. You know, we had we had Croins die at one point and we didn't replace them, you know, cuz it's like it just takes extra effort. You're like, "Well, why do I want to do it if they die again?" You know, it's a whole thing. So, I get it. But, welcome in to all 2,000 people in the chat. We're glad you're here. Super glad you're here. Beautiful. We haven't gone over here for a while. Let's do that real quick. Let's go into the uh DVC side. I could have gone in there earlier, but you know, not like we're in a rush here. Good evening one and all. Good evening, Don and Jill. Love that fountain. For those of you who are here's a map of the whole resort. It's quite large. There are videos and pictures of uh this part and well a lot of it that juts out into the water and uh they had it all cleared off before they even built like years before they built it cuz it was going to be like an Asian resort or something I think. So gorgeous, Josh. But beautiful night. So lovely to see the resorts. I can't wait to go back. Thanks for making the time between trips so much better. Yeah, Amy, for sure. My pleasure. Thanks, Proud Patriot. I'm glad you like the strolls. I will be at Magic Kingdom tomorrow, so that'll be fun. Probably around noon. Let's say noon. That way, I can sleep. I like sleeping. Open sesame. I love the carousel horse here. Is that's a model of one of the horses on the Cinderella carousel, isn't it? Or maybe a Mary Poppins. Obviously, this is Mary Poppins themed. Ah, checkers. Hello from Milo the dog. Hi, Milo. Good boy, Milo. Oh, maybe that's what it was. The resort that Master Adventure Land. Yeah, I don't know. Either way, there was another resort planned for here and then they ended up making it this. Noon for you is nine for me. Nice. I'm a huge fan of sleeping. Me, too. I just don't do it that much. You'd think I was averse to it, you know, that I didn't like it. I was sleep averse, but I'm not. I'm not sleep averse. I'm uh definitely I definitely enjoy sleeping. I just don't do it that much. Rimmeru originally were supposed to be like Arabian Knights. Maybe that's what it was. That'd be actually pretty cool. >> This is fun. I'm a busy man indeed. Indeed. >> Must learn to just relax and let it go. Yeah. No, it's it's a I appreciate that for sure. It's not even that as much as it is just like the actual like act of of just laying down. Once I lay down, I sleep pretty well. I just have to get my head on the pillow. That's the number one barrier. head on pillow blankets. Pull it up. All right. Well, let's head over this way. Which way did we end up going here? This way. Oh, yeah. So nice. I got lost. Must be the other way. Maybe we came in by one of the horses. Oh, it's over here. Either way, so fun. Oh, it was over here. I was not paying any attention when I came in, apparently. >> All right, it's going to close. Come here, Kenzie. Don't go by the door. Come here. All right, press the button. It's going to open. >> Good job. Now, let it open. Stay. Good job. >> I must be tired if I don't even remember which way I went in. Fall safe to YouTube every night. And then autoplay algorithm has me watching some random thing when I wake up at 3:00 a.m. I know. Well, this is what you do. You know, you turn on uh you turn on resort TV 24/7 and you know it's going to be the same thing 24/7. So, you know, it's not going to be waking you up with loud sounds or bright lights. So, yeah, go check that out. My uh one of our second channels, Resort TV 24/7. Soon there will be a ride stream. No, I haven't heard anything fantasy sports boss about Big Thunder. Nothing. This is a very long canopy, but it's nice when it rains for sure. So, all the horses you were thinking of Saratoga. Yeah. No, it's Mary Poppins themed and the DVC portion of the resort. What do you think about Toy Story 5 in a new Hannah Montana? Sure. I'm always good for reboots of the classics. Hey, I'm Montana. It's a classic now. And I'm officially old. Ironically, walking around resort rooms with wonderful beds talking about sleeping. I know. Yes. Only partially ironically. I lobbed that YouTube pitch up there and you knocked it out of the park. Thanks, Theo. I wondered if you did that, but I'm glad I caught it. Sometimes I'm kind of dense to that kind of thing. So, very glad I caught it. I missed it today when our music specialist was working with us and um and I was standing up there and she's like, "Oh, Mr. Nelson, will you help me demonstrate something?" I'm like, "Sure." In front of the class of like 35 kids. I'm like, "Yeah, sure." She goes, "Will you repeat after me?" Okay. I want to demonstrate something about our voices. I'm like, "Sure, no problem." So, I'm like, so she's like, "Knock knock, who's there?" And I'm like, "Huh?" Cuz I was I heard her say, "Repeat after me." And then I heard her say, "Knock knock who's there?" And then my brain got stuck on knock-knock joke program. You know what I mean? How your brain has like different autopilot modes? Knock-knock joke. If you've been on, you know, this planet for any amount of time, uh, and you've been in a place that does those kind of things, it's kind of a mode that you just go into. There's a there's a whole script that plays in your head. You don't have to think about it. Somebody says, "Knock knock." You say, "Who's there?" Blank blank. Blank blank. Who? Haha. Funny joke. Right. It's like joke over. Cool. I can think again. Like, so she said, "Knock knock. Who's there?" And she did the knock-knock and the who's there. And I was just supposed to repeat it, but I was like, "I don't know what to do." So, I literally deer in a headlight look and I was like, "Uh, me." She just laughed. She goes, "Yeah, I kind of set you up for that one." So then I was able to do it the second time, but it was really funny cuz you I wasn't like my brain number one it was like I know she had said to repeat it so that's fine, no problem. But I also I also um but then when I heard knock-k knockock joke, my brain just went into knock-knock mode. I was like, "Oh, knock knock. I can do that." So I just like literally dear in the headlights for like three or four seconds and then said me cuz she was like knock who's there and I was like um I think you're supposed to do that part because I didn't start the joke. You know what I mean? It's like somebody tells you a joke and it's like hey I'm going to tell you a joke. What's the punch line? I'm like um it's like calling somebody and be like who's this and you're like um you called me. So anyway we had a good laugh about it. It was really funny. >> Oh yeah, we've already been shopping tonight. Already been shopping for sure. >> Yeah, the lobby looks pretty nice. I kind of like it. So, have they I don't think they've reopened this yet, although it does look like it's ready to go. Or have they? Do you guys know? Oh, have they reopened the Garden View? Wish I could get get back to Disney. It will also be a great way for elevator content. Yeah, for sure. Oh, you're only 28 from a thousand. Nice. Yeah, we should do a full day resorts and resort stream. Oh, the preview for Toy Story 5. They put a ball spot on him. Yeah. Also seeing the difference in animation, you know, obviously Toy Story was made in what 93 or something like. So, you know, 2026 rendering quality is crazy. Like, you can, you know, I'm I'm hoping they're not AI rendering, but you can AI render way way more detailed stuff, like, you know, 10 times more detailed on your home computer as what they did with professional farm full of servers, you know, not a farmful, but a professional, you know, hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment back in the uh back in the 90s. And so, uh, it's pretty pretty fun, but also jarring to see like Buzz with so much detail. Like, wait, Buzz has dirt on him, you know, and they didn't have memory to do that back in the back in the early days of Toy Story. >> So, anyway, I'm going to take a quick restroom break 1995. Thank you. I should know that. All right, I'm going to take a quick restroom break. I shall return. You like the bar at the lobby? I think it I'm getting used to it. I think it's nice. It's not It's not too bad. I think it works. And I think with the gingerbread house, they'll bring it back this year. I think it will it will all work. I think they've got it laid out nicely where there's plenty of places to sit still, but it it it's not we're not missing anything anymore. Yeah, I love how the lobby turned out. I think they like I I complain a lot, but I think they did a really really nice job with this one. And it's clear that they didn't spare expense. This carpet's not cheap. Like this is very very well done carpet, you know? It's it's c and it's custom, too, because it's got, you know, little hidden Mickeys and stuff everywhere. So, not everywhere, but in certain places. Uh, so it it it is custom. And uh, you know, so I I appreciate the uh attention to detail. All right, I'll be right back. >> Then we'll go shopping upstairs a little bit. So, see you in a bit. >> Have you ever heard of upscale? It's like online image upscaling but locally using Nvidia. Oh, really? Doesn't require the internet. Nice. I was actually trying uh before I go was actually trying some local uh video generation with uh WAN or Wan. I don't know how you say it. The W. I'm just going to say WAN because that's how it would be pronounced I think most of the time at least in English. But WAN like 2.1 and 2.2 and I was able to make some pretty neat videos just with my I've got a 3060 Ti which is not great because it's not got enough video memory but it does it's enough to do some cool stuff. So I was able to make a couple five and 10 second videos in you know couple minutes. So that was nice. Anyway, I'll be right back. I need to see if I can go. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Oh, Heat. Heat. Welcome back everybody. Sorry the BRB didn't work right away. I was actually checking the chat as I was walking to the restroom. I had to put my gimbal away and then walk into the restroom and I just happened to check the stream to make sure it worked and the I was like, "Oh, the uh BRB didn't work." And then I loaded it up. I was like, "Oh, I never pushed start stream." Or if I did push it, it didn't take. So maybe I am tired. I thought I pushed the start the stream button on the BRB system, but either way, it's working now. >> So sorry it uh sorry it was spinning there for a minute. That wasn't my intention, but It's working now. >> All right, let's go see what we can do here. I hope everybody's having a great Friday. Go grab a drink. You were fun on the all day stream. Yeah, I don't usually do that, but usually Coke is my drink of choice. It was fun though. It was fun to go to Beacon Barrel, hang out with David and Gia, and uh just enjoy, you know, At that point in the stream, there was already so much going on, too. It's a bazillion other people live and it was Valentine's Day, so people were going out to dinner. You know, it just wasn't a particularly busy part of the stream, so it worked out really well. I took a screenshot to turn into wallpaper. Yeah. Cool. >> Nice. I uh >> I don't know about that. >> Love you, Steph. >> Yes, don't spam the chat. I've also answered that whole uh comment about Eric Dane several times. So, I think that person just likes to repeat because they don't know what else to say. I think I think I've talked about that probably three three times now. So, let's see. Well, let's go this way. Actually, these are cool. It's kind of old school, like the members only jacket. That's like actually a thick jacket. I think we talked about that before. And Jill says, "I'm having a hard time trying to hang in there." Well, you hang in there. I know. Things will get better. >> What's that song? things are going to get easier. That was horrible, but you get the point. Hopefully that cheered you up cuz you could just laugh at me in my bad singing. I hope it I hope it does for us, too. Love the clubhouse. Not doing things you thought you did only get worse as you get older. Well, yes, I believe you. It's a cool Toy Story play truck. Oh, it's like a moving truck. How fun. Oh, I get it now. From the movie. How fun. So Andy's whole room is in there cuz they're moving. Wow. Nobody thought to do that till now, huh? I wouldn't have thought of it either. There's a lot of people smarter than me. So that's really cool. It's so funny. For the ones that aren't that aren't full, I was like, "Cool, they got wallpaper for a shirt." You can put your wallpaper. You can get a shirt with the wallpaper on it. >> But no, that's not a thing. >> Aristocrats pillows were cute. Yeah, >> for sure. >> It's a display of Crocs. Just in case anybody was wondering. Somebody was like, "What's that?" I I just I told you so. You didn't have to wonder. That's what I'm here for. I'm here for the I'm here for the hard questions like what does a croc look like? These are the important questions we need to uh to answer. So, excuse me. >> Again, these are cool. It's just a different different uh color, but it's that old members only jacket style. So fun. >> I got some art over here. Cinderella fairy godmother scene is very cool. What is it about crying in the garden at night? It's kind of magical. >> And beautiful. >> A toy of a moving truck from Toy Story is is very meta. That is a good description. Very meta. Okay. Jacket reminds me of my Letterman jacket from high school. Yeah. Nice. Nice. Well, I think might be fun to head over to uh I don't know. I might head over to the Gas Barillas and get a a refreshing beverage and cookie. We'll see. I'm not really quite ready for it yet, though. Um And what's interesting is you can't you can't get a chocolate chip cookie at Contemporary anymore. Yes, I'll do Montreal the next time for sure. I am going to be at Magic Kingdom tomorrow. So, let's walk around a little bit more here. There's bass. Every time I see that, I think of the jazz song. Everything's about music for me. Basin street blues. Yes, you can on Main Street. That is true. You guys trying to tempt me to go to go to Main Street? is the top side of New Bar. >> It was very nice of you to sing me that song. Oh, thanks, Jelly. Sorry I didn't do it very well. I I think I eventually found the key by the end. Thanks for a great stream. Please enjoy a Coke on me. Thank you. C RST primer. I appreciate it. I don't see a I don't see it. Maybe the super chat didn't work. I was going to say you don't have to for sure, but I will enjoy it in your honor. How's that? You're good. All right. So, we also do need to talk about our sponsors. So, we have mickeyblog.com and mickeyras.com. Mikytravels.com is for the best and free Disney vacation planning advice. Go check out mickeytras.com to book your next trip to Walt Disney World. By the way, Mickey travels super nice. I don't want to go into details, but too much, but they invited us on something that would have been incredible and it was such a nice thing. And I just want to shout them out for being so nice. I don't need to necessarily go into the thing that they invited us to, but anyway, the point is we weren't able to go because of scheduling, but um it was super cool and uh was just I don't know, we've been partners with them since 2017, so it's very very thankful for them thinking of us and just, you know, trusting us. So, big shout out to Mickey Travels. But anyway, also they are a sponsor, so we shout them out as well because we appreciate what they do for us. So, uh, it's also the best way to book your trip with less stress. You don't even have to do all the hard work. They do it for you. It's at mickeytras.com. Again, mickeyras.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning advice. If you want to book your trip or your next trip to Walt Disney World, just go check out mickeytras.com. Again, that's mickeyras.com. They'll help you plan your next vacation and they'll even do all the hard work for you. So that's mickeytras.com and mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. Yeah. Again, mickeyras.com. They're a travel agency, but you don't pay them anything. That's the thing. You pay for your trip. Disney pays them. So, you're only paying the price of the trip. They're doing the work, and Disney pays them to do the work. So, it is a win-win. And then you don't have to you don't have to consistently consult the Google and the Chat CPC and all the the internets. You don't have to do that. You know why? Because the uh >> because they do it for you. Mickey Travels does it for you. Oh, there's the wish. I wonder where they had Do they have like a treasure and a destiny ship somewhere? These are cool. So, the treasure and destiny are very basically exactly the same on the on the outside. Such a gorgeous, gorgeous ship. >> So blessed to have been able to be on the uh Treasure Destiny and Wish. I only got to have lunch on the Wish, but I still got to be on it. >> Also, there's no way you're >> all right for me. So, >> this is kind of more just mugs and stuff. >> Either way, >> snow in Maine. Wow. Yeah. If there is any audio issue, the best way to fix that is to go ahead and close the video and then open it again. So, close it and then open it. Close it and open it. Even revolutionaries like chocolate chip cookies. That is true. That is true. Yep. If you're having audio issues, just close and reopen. That is the best way to refresh. Most people now are on a device where they don't have a refresh button. We used to say refresh because if you're on a browser like on a you know desktop browser or even on a even on a phone or iPad browser which most people don't use phone browsers to browse YouTube but you can um you can um there is a refresh but um on on the apps and on the TV the TVs and all the different other ways to watch um there are no refresh buttons. So the best way to do it is just close the video. If you're on a TV, just hit the menu button or whatever to go back to the the U video loading screen and then load it again and that fixes 99.373% of the problems. That's good, Dr. Dad. Yeah, that that's what it does every time. It fixes it. It's a it's a problem YouTube has not been able to fix yet. I don't know why it doesn't heal itself as far as when there's an audio glitch, why when the stream is stable, why it doesn't just pick up again. Usually it happens after some like type of minor lag. And sometimes even the lag doesn't even happen for everybody. It just depends on where you're at and how your internet connection is and then it'll, you know, it should once the internet's better, it should just work. But it usually will have some kind of audio glitch until you just close and reopen. Anyway, whatever. That's enough about that. I love this. This area down here is so peaceful. Here's gas barillas. Yeah, we can't promote any other travel agencies here because we have our exclusive partnership with Mickey Travels. So, we appreciate you guys not promoting other agencies. We don't we can't can't allow that cuz we have Mickey Travels and they've been with us for a long time. So, we're going to keep them as our only travel sponsor. Tank is great. And you can see the castle just be behind the clock there. Save the clock tower. You see it? It's blocked by the lights a little bit, but you can see it. Purple color there. Hopefully YouTube doesn't go down tonight. Yeah, that was rough on Tuesday, but we kept going. What's your favorite Disney hotel to walk through? probably Polly still, even though, you know, it's it's hard. I also really do like Port Orleans. We stayed there a lot when I was a kid. Just missing the lobby obviously at Polly is the hardest part. But yeah, that's probably what what I would say. All right, I think it's time to jump on the Montreal. That like that. We can't jump on that one. What's funny is you can't get to the Montreal from here. Like you can't just go around the front there. It's all loading areas and non- guest areas. You have to you have to go out and around this way, but most people wouldn't go that way anyway. So, I'm sure they just they reserve that for their, you know, workers on the back end basically cast members. And Mara, he's got uh hockey the next couple weeks. I believe he said he'll be here when he's able to be. But yeah, he's got his real job tonight. So, obviously all the moppers are volunteers and they do a great job, but we also understand their their real jobs and their families come first just as it does for me. So, you know, it's funny. I am I love doing this, but I am still glad that I have my regular job. I just think it gives me a lot of stability. And I know Jenna does fine. >> Just the Jenna does fine, but thank you. Jenna does fine having this as her main job. But for me, I like the stability of of having the regular job. I also I think it's nice, too, just to be able to feel like I can do lots of things. like if YouTube isn't going well, at least I can feel like, okay, I, you know, the crafter that I actually went to school for, I still can do and and do well. >> Yesterday when I did my lesson, like I said, I felt really good about it. Um, and it's not like a brag. It's more of just a I worked hard and it paid off. You know what I mean? Like I prepared for the lesson quite a bit and it went well. So part of it You're good. >> We'll listen for one song and then we got to go probably. Hi Name that tune. Heat. Heat. You got it, Brad. Good job. His summer lady got it. Bobcat got it. Good job. Oh, dangerous. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yay. Very nice. Awesome. He's so good. I want to make sure I have time to do all the other things I had planned. So, we're not going to stay too long. Plus, >> well, no, I think Oh my gosh. Are you kidding me? He's trying to make me stay. What is that song? Moonlight Serenade. Got it. Took me a second. Such a great song. So many beautiful songs written and we are thankful for all of them. Did we really lose almost 200 people in the time that I stood and watched one song? That's crazy. Guys got to be more patient. Unless it was just the algorithm being silly. All right, I got to go through security, though. I actually did push the button this time. I'll be right back. Your wedding song. I love that. Ah. >> All right, for real. I'll be right back. Glory. Hallelujah. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Welcome back. Oh, the booth that had the Jetson style. I actually don't know the name of that, but it was super cool. >> I got >> I probably should have stayed for the piano. That was nice. He was really He was really uh putting that >> lounge piano and those jazz cords to good use. >> Always nice. people's silly piano grand flow makes me want to watch even more there. Yeah. >> Thanks, Stephen. Yeah, it's one of my favorites, too. Uh, and even if people don't say anything, you can always see about 200 people leave the stream when we do it for too long. It's very strange to me. >> A, >> but tonight, I just wanted to make sure I had time to get around. I'm glad you guys like the piano time. >> But it's the same it's the same, you know, thing when we go watch a concert and we lose a bunch of people. It is weird. I was like people like music, right? I don't know. >> Maybe it's just not as much fun as the conversation and the rides or I don't know. I don't get it. But I guess we can't worry about it too much. I don't want to turn into a obviously we've been doing this longer than anybody, but I want to turn into a channel that only does the things that get views. >> Oh, crunchy cords. Yeah, those are nice. They love the crunchy cords. >> I miss the orchestra, too. >> Yeah. Strangers in the Night. Uh, and Moonlight Serenade was what where we were playing what he was playing there. >> Thanks, Scott. >> All right, folks. Welcome. Anywhere y'all can find another spot, feel free to go into anything. All right. Oh, I guess it's pretty busy. Oh, I'm glad you guys enjoy it, ATV. >> Yeah. I think you're wrong. I think >> I think he just moves out. This one comfortable They have pictures tomorrow at 3 and higher a few years of the day with your team both in classroom settings as well as comfortable walk. >> Good evening everyone and welcome aboard Monroe Gold Cole. Our next stop is going to be the one and only Ling United Kingdom. For your safety, if you're standing, please make sure you're holding on to the left of our hands and do not lean against doors. So sit back, relax, enjoy your ride aboard our sky. Welcome. Our next stop is clear. >> Um, proud Patriot. Oh my goodness. Thank you so much. $50 super chat. Wow. For that Coke you're supposed to be enjoying on us. Happy Friday, friends. We made it. We did. Thank you so much. >> Wow, that's awesome. Thank you, Tracy. >> Number eight, thank uh Crowd Patriot for her generosity. That was very, very nice. Thank you so much. >> That's right. Moonlight Serenade was a Glenn Miller tune. city. I mean, If you are traveling to please center on going back on the Destiny hopefully, but we don't have a budget for a cruise right now or anytime soon and Don't, you know, you don't need to don't need to send any any, >> you know, any donation or super chat for that. Like, we're it's fine for Cokes and stuff. That's totally fine. I appreciate you guys very much. But yeah, the the cruise thing is out of the question for a while unless there's a preview, but I don't think there's any new ships opening right away. Sorry about the lag back there. We're having a little misbehavior >> by the connection. All right, we'll go ahead and get off for a second. >> No, we're good. >> Are you sure? >> We're going to be here all night. >> Yeah, we'll go ahead and stop here. Why not? >> Why not? Wow. Express and uh resort getting off at the same time causing craziness. I guess I could have gone this way. That would have been easier. Oh well. Note to self. Remember there's stairs. Yeah, the view is nice. Montreal Gold is what we rode on if you're wondering. Yeah. >> All right. >> We'll go in Magic Kingdom for a minute since we're not going to be here tomorrow night. We'll be here during the day so we can get some nighttime time in Magic Kingdom and then we'll then we'll go to um then we'll go to Contemporary and watch the fireworks from there. So, that should be fun. >> I know Starlight's starting soon. We're not going to watch that, I don't think. I'm going to run over and do take the back way and maybe do the people mover. We'll see. And then maybe head on down to Contemporary. The pool of cookies is strong. I know. And people mover. Don't forget that. >> But I thought we haven't done that for Oh, wow. Oh, the train is backing up. >> Oh, right. It's going back to uh Sorry, I knew that it's going back to Storybook Circus that way. I thought it was too far forward. Anyway, we haven't done a resort hopping stream where I stopped at Magic Kingdom for a while, so I thought about that would be fun today. my mind would have exploded with that big of a crowd. >> You just kind of fit yourself in and go. That's the plan. Now, I don't have to have I mean, a lot of people don't have an annual pass. Obviously, I'm really lucky to have that. But with annual pass, I don't have to have a reservation right now because it's after 2 p.m. and it is not Saturday or Sunday. I know you would think Friday night is part of a weekend. Um, but not technically. Technically Friday is a weekday, so you have to only on Saturday and Sunday. It would make more sense on Friday and Saturday, but you know, who knows? It's all good. We just go with it. It's their world. We're just living in it. So, you should be able to get in here in just a minute. What's the longest break from the parks you've taken a number of days? I mean, CO was the longest. We had like what, four months or something, but um obviously that was a that was a an unintentional break. Um I don't know, couple weeks probably. Oh, longer than that. I I've probably before I streamed I'd probably taken a month before. Hey, Telecon. >> Doing well. How about you? >> Doing well. I mean, I guess Starlight's in 3 minutes. We could just watch it if I can find a spot. It's not like I can get to Starbucks that easily anyway. There might not be any spots, though. >> Yeah. Doesn't look like it, but that's fine. >> We're uh >> we're all fine here. I usually get here right before. Let's come up here real quick. We can just kind of Let's go this way. River. Oh, yeah. Talk about people are talking about how they how they found us. Yeah. Yeah. Let me know how you found us. >> I don't know. Would you guys like to watch it? It's only 10 minutes long. 13 minutes, something like that. >> Hey, David. Two minutes. >> Why not? I was searching for live c webcams in the parks and resort one came up and I've been watching ever since. Nice. One minute your channel at the beginning of co nice where they come out directly. Uh we can try. I don't I think there's I think there's uh I think there's people there. I think there's there's room or there's not room. I don't think I think that was probably my best bet but Oh, this is actually this is fine. >> That'll work. >> Hi guys. >> Hi. How are you? >> Good. How you doing? >> Good. >> Watch you guys all the time. >> Thank you. Appreciate that. >> Hi. >> You guys having a good night? >> Oh, very good. Well, hey, it's a >> bit >> Whoa, that's cool. Oh, here we go. Good evening everyone. Welcome to this wonderful night. Did you know that when a star is born, they possess a gift or two? One of them is this. They have the power to make a dream come true. So come with us now as we go on a magical journey through the stars and dream the night away. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. May each and every one of your dreams come true. You as dreams do and wish. back. We can move up to right here. Just make sure we stay off the street. Welcome on this journey through the star where anything is possible and your most cherished dreams come true. Why hello there. Come with me and bring the night away. From way up here, and all your wishes may come true. Wait, what is happening? Star. Wa wa. We all deserve to have our wishes. They add to us and they are you. We are strong. Night time is the best time to turn the stars. Heat. Heat. The magic. The magic. It's It's made of starlight. Can you see it, too? I see a family and they're here. You're embracing a Isn't that nice? Hey guys. Hey guys. You see what I'm saying? Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Oh, heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Wow, looks like they jumped off of the tree. We actually got this. We did it. Please save me from Mia. >> I can't wait to tell Mama about our adventure. Wow. That's so cool. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, >> so ladies, are you having fun? >> He's so magical. >> We're just getting started. There are so many people down there. I wonder if you have been happy. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. to the stars with all our friends. >> It's like we're on a shooting stone. There's so many stars to wish upon tonight. >> Come on, everybody. Wish upon a star. Look at all our pals. >> Oh, Mickey. They've been just a star, >> just like us. >> It's a dream to be up here among the stars. >> Yep. It's a wish come true. Have you ever seen the wonderful magic of starlight movies and then the parade was started. Well, it's not a long night this >> so far. Awesome. >> Come on everybody, wish Heat. Heat. Oh boy. A train ride to the stars with all our friends. >> It's like we're on a shooting star. There's so many stars to wish upon. >> Oh, I think I'm heading for tomorrow. Have a good one. >> Yeah, you too. Look at our eyes. Just like us. Star We made it. All right. Yes, there was it was a lot longer because the um there was an issue with the the princess float. So, some it wasn't wasn't coming out correctly. I probably I don't know got stuck backstage or something was wrong or whatever, but it didn't come it didn't come uh didn't come out correctly. So, that's all right. We're going to go ride people and mover, grab a cookie, and then head to the Contemporary. I'm glad I got to see it. Yeah, glad I decided to go to the park. I haven't done that for a while. Like I was saying on a uh resort hopping stream. It's kind of fun to hop the park and the resorts. Uh what was I going to say? Oh, got to check out more awesome sponsors. Resort TV1 Homes. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, check out resorttv1homes.com. Again, that's resorttv1homes.com. Check us out. Oh, you have a shirt made for me that says we'll stream for cookies. Nice, David. Nice. I mean, it's it's definitely not a lie. But yeah, either way, thank you so much. Uh, resort tv1homes.com. If you want to find that dream home here in Central Florida, head on over to resort tv1homes.com. Click on contact us and one of our expert realtors brokered by EXP Realy. We'll help you find your dream home here in Central Florida. Again, that's resorttv1homes.com. We just closed on a house this week. So, or our team did. So, we're broken by EXP Realy. We have our brokers and realtors. They all work with EXP. >> But anyway, um yeah, just had a house close this week. So, thank you. It It really helps a lot. It's such a It's such a win-win for everybody because we get part of the commission for the sale. It doesn't cost you, the home buyer, anymore. It gives extra extra buyers and leads to the uh the realtors at at EXP that we work with. And then it also um gives you the best service and the best real estate agents. And again, it doesn't cost you any extra. So, you're able to support us, find your dream home, use the best team, everybody wins. That's great. So, yeah. when uh Jeff from uh EXP contacted me about doing it, Jeff and Renee, friends of ours. Uh when they contacted us, I definitely jumped at the opportunity. Jen and I did. It was really great. Hey, Stacy. Come on. Thank you. Oh, there's actually kind of a line. Not bad, but a little bit. Little one. All right. >> This is the TTA non service around tomorrow. There are cast members that control and drive the floats. I don't exactly know how it works. I think they're pre-programmed to drive, you know, in the right area. I think there is manual control, but I think for the most part, they're pre-programmed. But what the cast member, from what I from, this is nobody's told me this, but from what I can see, the cast member controls the speed mostly. And then they can take over manual steering if they need to. >> My brother asked me to go in on the condo at Celebration. Regret we didn't do it. Yeah, the values on houses of Celebration went up so high. But there is a lot of Hurry up. Hurry up. Hurry up. Oh yeah, David with golden oak. Yeah, definitely. That is a that was a big uh big investment for sure, but it would have been a good one. Oh, don't go anywhere cuz we've got um Happily Ever After coming up at 9:00. So, we're going to head over to Contemporary after this for Happily Ever After. Happily Ever After. This is the GTA. >> Oh, Magic Kingdom's always busy. Like pretty much always, especially at night. Yeah, there's no down times anymore. No down times. too. I saw you there walking by the parade. Nice park films. I hope you're having a great night. Cherry pop rocks. Yeah, David. That's pretty good. Cherry coke churro over there. Good stuff. Hello, Dr. Jesus. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I just got him. Hi Octavia, how are you? very easy. Yeah. Mr. Frederickson's giving the forecast. Nice. Yeah. Sorry, David. Congrats on 20 months of Resper Bronze. Hello, Resort TV1. Happy Friday, and I hope everyone is having a great night. Thank you for the magic. Well, thank you for watching. You guys help make the magic possible just by watching. So, we're glad to uh be here for you. >> Yeah. Thanks, Jennifer. >> Hi. Thanks for the parade even though it wasn't your plane. Yeah, absolutely. Hey, planes are made to be broken. inside your car. Please stand carefully. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times. Keep hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please young stay clear of the doors which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. >> Here we go. >> Pop. Everybody has got to plan until they see a parade. Yeah. >> The modification on the uh Mike Tyson quote. Everybody's got to plan until they get hit in the mouth. >> Hit in the head. Doors will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. >> Sean, >> I hope I hope it's all okay for you guys. Remain seated at all times keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car and please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. This is the TTA blue line non-stop service. >> Greetings intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm 485, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see Tomorrowland. And my stars is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to Monster Labs, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not. Thank you. Next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders. Transfer to Green and Red Line. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future right by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny Ora. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except actual stars. Those are no longer sold. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Life Cycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks in the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition M31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing obstacles clear of all vehicles. Thank you. This is Starport 75 or as we locally call it space. Our high-speed rocket port to distant deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral booms of Icy 7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Book today. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I remembering Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from the train line. Please keep allied cross on vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so is the Carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great and a beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. 1 hour 9. Take the time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life farms, our people mover journey has nearly come full orbit. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you here. And even though we conclude, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow today. See you in the future. This is the GTA ntop service around tomorrow. Please keep arms and tiny and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and titty and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step on moving platform with caution and exit stepping away from. Thank you. Yeah, I could do 24-hour people move. I mean, it would be have to be pre-recorded, but you can do it. All right. That's not Hope you guys enjoyed the People Mover. >> Always great. Couple little lags here and there. I didn't switch my signal correctly for Magic Kingdom, I guess. >> Yeah. Thanks for the surprises. Oh, you're welcome. It's my pleasure. I >> think we'll probably go and take the Montreal. It's a Contemporary. It'll be faster. Oh, hey Amara. How are you? Done with work or you got a break? We're back. Sorry, I couldn't handle it anymore. The signal is so bad. I was just like, I have to fix it. 5G just doesn't work very well on T-Mobile here. I don't know why. It's weird. It doesn't work that well on AT&amp;T either >> for uploading anyway. >> Main Street can all be found. It's >> cold in the arena first. >> How are you? >> Uh, let's see. >> Arena first intermission could become a blowout game. Usually >> those games are always less exciting for sure. But >> hopefully it doesn't. >> If it's a blowout, I guess there won't be overtime. So there's that, right? >> I know overtime's a little different in hockey, but still it's still the bottom line is when just like any sport, when a game is close or a match, is it a game or a match? I think it's a match. Is a hockey match. trying more to dominate. >> All right, let me see. Okay, so I don't have a lot of time here. >> Sorry. Still having trouble. Let's see how long the cookie line is. I don't know if I'll have time or not. I can always get get it tomorrow if I have to. >> This isn't bad. This will move quick. This isn't too bad. >> Yeah, I they had it pretty good here. the network. They had the network optimized pretty well at Magic Kingdom, but they just something happened and they changed it and it's not as good. So, I don't know. All right. So they said you guys were saying a game. Okay. I didn't know. Hockey was called a fight. Hopefully it'll be quick enough. I don't know. We'll see. Might be cutting kind of close. Heat. Heat. They do have both sides open, so that helps. Too bad you can't mobile over the cookies. I know. I wish I could. People aren't ordering groceries. I would hope not. There's no groceries here. >> Yeah, I could stay in the park. That is true. But I wanted to be resort hopping. So, I was trying to trying to get out of here. But we'll see. It's kind of Door Dash at Casey's. I mean, yeah, I guess so. >> Hey, Dad. How's it going? right now. >> You know, I definitely could do the >> resort thing, but we'll see. or definitely could do just watching it from here, but I don't know. I would kind of rather go into the uh would kind of rather go over to contemporary if I can Hope mom's feeling better, Dad. Heat. Heat. No Coke. I'll have to get a Coke later. Hi. How's it going? >> Good. How are you? >> Good. Can I get started? >> I will just take a chocolate chip cookie. >> Chocolate chip cookie. Perfect. I want that warmed up this evening. >> Yes, please. >> Sounds good. What's a good name for this? >> Josh. >> Josh. Josh. >> Yeah, I'm going to pay with the card. >> Go ahead. Whenever you are ready. >> Perfect. >> Having a good trip so far? >> Yeah. >> No, I just like it. >> Yeah. No, it's really Yeah. >> No, I live here. I stay at home. So, >> that's awesome. >> But I have stayed there. That's That's a really good one to say. And hey, we live here. That's even better. >> That's the best part. >> Exactly. That's why the college program is >> Oh, there you go. >> My brother was in CP and that's where he met his wife. >> Really? >> Yeah. CP. There's so many amazing things in this that come from this program. >> Oh, that's awesome. You have a good night. All right, we should make it. uh Tennessee bear a lot of people apparently which is good cuz that means more people can join our uh community. >> Probably cutting it too close, but that's okay. We We miss a little bit of it. It's not a big deal. >> Thank you. All right. So, >> let's see if we can uh see if we can navigate our way over there. Okay. navigation. >> All right, so we're not done. Just heading through the Contemporary. Let's see how Let's see how quickly we can get there. >> And I don't have to climb up all the way to the top. I'll just climb up a few floors. is the ride. But >> don't worry, we'll be back at Magic tomorrow for more rides and more fun and probably the parade, the the uh the daytime parade, the festival of fantasy. >> I'll grab a Coke later. They only had diet. I must have not had the chance to restock cuz they've been so busy. All right, let's say good night to the castle for now. got the balloons there. There you go. All right, so All right. So, I guess I need to go out the other way actually, but let's go out this way and we should be able to make it down there. >> Great stream. So relaxing. Nice. Thanks, Let's see. >> You're right. There's a lot of people in the hub here watching. Maybe it is really just the idea of getting out easier. So, I was like, this is not a great view back here, but it is less crowded and it is easy exit. So, maybe there is that that aspect of it. Although we should beat the like I could walk but I wouldn't I wouldn't make it quite as quickly I don't think and that would kind of defeat the purpose of a Montreal stream. Daughter and wife are giving up Coke for Easter. Hope it goes well but to be honest I haven't had a Coke in 25 years. Yeah. >> Yep. We're going to the Contemporary. That's the plan. >> Got to go eat on the resort Montreal real quick. You strictly a regular Coke or do you like any flavors of cherry Coke? Um, I'm going to try the new cherry float cherry float Coke. I can only do the Zero. I love it. Nice. I I don't like zero as much. I'd almost rather if I'm going to have like a a zero or a diet, I'd rather just have water or some type of fruit juice. I know fruit juice is not zero calorie, but you you get what I'm saying. I would rather honestly rather have Yeah, I'd rather have a diet or a water at that point. >> Yeah. >> All right. So, here we go. That's probably >> Yeah, Cherry Coke Turos are pretty good. >> But yeah, um I'll have to try that. I like cherry coke to answer your question. Um I used to like the mezzo mix they had at um Epcot at Club Cool. That was pretty good. It was like orange flavored Coke, but it was a German thing and I don't know if they have it anywhere. I think maybe they somebody said they have it at the Coke store at Disney Springs now. All the way down. >> Here it comes. Perfect timing. Seems like coming in kind of slow. Also, electrical rotten out there. I hear it. I don't see it. Must be on the other side of the island. Monreal red. >> I will say Kosero is better than diet. I just um I drink either one feeling unfulfilled. Apparently I need the sugar or or just water is fine too. All right. Special assistance. If you're standing, please hold on. >> Thank you. >> Great stream, Josh. Watching ninja style. Thanks, Rich. >> Glad you're enjoying it. >> We should be off in just a few minutes. >> If you're hold >> So, apparently, I found out from Ron, they're they're doing um they're running a normal direction in the morning. in the old direction as in um counterclockwise and then they're running both of them clockwise in the uh afternoon. Please stand clear of the doors. Please stand clear of the door. You got it. >> Good evening and welcome aboard Monro Red. Our next stop is the Contemporary. So, if you're standing or on the silver handrails, never lean against any automatic doors. Thank you. Oh yeah, I definitely taste the difference between the two types of Coke. >> But yeah, if you get used to the zero, you probably would be too much on the regular. >> Resort during our travels, please hold on to the handrail and stay clear of the door. For the comfort of others, something please. No news about upgrading Montreal now. >> Uh off to church. Proud Patriot. Yeah. >> Enjoy church. Good night. >> Thanks for being here. And thanks for the support as always. >> Oh, that was it right there. I'm so crazy. further traffic clearance. Please remember to stay clear of all automatic doors. If you're standing, please continue to hold on to the silver handles. Thank you. >> We're approaching the Grand Canyon Concourse Station. For those of you standing, please hold on to the handrails entering the doors until the rail stops completely and the doors open. If you're exiting, please gather your belongings, wash your head and step and take small children by the hand. For those of you remaining on board, our next stop is the transportation and ticket center with continued service to Disney's village at Grand Fian Resorts. We are now entering Disney's We now passing Bay Lake Tower at Disney's Contemporary Resort, a part of Disney Vacation Club. Guys, this is where we'll come and make breakfast tomorrow. >> This is the hotel. So, we need to take this the stair the stairwell down outside. All right, here we are. >> We made it. I knew we would. We just have to get down the stairs and up. Got to get down to get up. Instead of the song, got to get up to get down. This is a got to get down to get up. Monro. >> Yep. Very beautiful. Fivelegged goat right up there. There it is right there on the left. Wait, wait, wait for it. >> Yay. >> Still weird to see the Montreals going that way. Definitely used to them going the other way through on the express side. They they've always gone this way on the resort side, but yeah, very interesting. All right, rock and roll. Rock and rolling. Yeah, we're heading up the top of the not the top, but we're heading up up the uh stairs to watch the fireworks right now. So, this is a little trick if you ever uh want a great place to watch the fireworks outside of the Magic Kingdom. The Contemporary is one of the best places to watch fireworks outside the Magic Kingdom. So, you just come in here by the shop. You got your Fantasia shop here. and also the uh BBG for Buenov Vista Gifts right here. Just go right between those two past the neon Mickeyy's. So, it's like past the neon armadillo and out the door this way. If you go towards Chef Mickey, you'll be on the wrong side. You won't be able to see them. Um but this side works very, very well. And then you can just go up the stairs. Now, there's viewing along the balcony here, but that does fill up quickly. And actually, you do get blocked by the Montreal track here, the Montreal beam. So, I recommend going up a few floors. And I'll show you what I talk about. So, there's Yeah, you have to get there pretty early to sit right there and watch. But I am right now 5 minutes before fireworks and I will show you. I can come up here and I can actually find a spot pretty easily if I go up five or six floors. I mean, there's a spot right there if you're only going to want to go up one floor, but I always kind of like to be >> on my own if I can. So, we'll keep going a little higher, but I'm not going all the way to the top. You can take this stairway all the way to the top if you want, and you can get a great view basically by yourself. Well, not at the top, but the top is usually pretty crowded and people from Grand Cal or not Grand California, California Grill come in there. But one of the best places to see fireworks. Also, you can watch the Montreals go by. Let's go up one more. Again, we had we could have had a spot at any of those railings if you don't mind being by other people, but I have found my private balcony to watch the fireworks. So, want to find a great place to watch the fireworks and a private or semi-private balcony? Come on up. You can see where we started down there. And we're just up a few floors and we have this awesome view of Cinderella Castle, Space Mountain, Tron, the rest of the Magic Kingdom, of course, Bay Lake Tower. To the right, you can even see over there the Orlando Eye Ferris wheel. So, pretty good view from that. Actually, not that close to here. It's just really tall. So, there you go. A great place to watch fireworks outside the Magic Kingdom. And you can almost have your own private balcony. And again, watching the Montreals go by is extra magical. 14 and 1/2 minutes since I left the cookie shop. That's amazing. I love that. So, less than 15 minutes. All right. I am going to put my cookie away cuz I don't want to try and eat it with one hand while I'm trying to watch the fireworks. We are very close. So, I hope you guys will enjoy the fireworks tonight. Sorry, crinkling of the bag. I need a better backpack. This backpack is so flimsy. It's light, but it's so flimsy. It's hard to do anything with one hand on this backpack to try and open it with one hand or put anything inside it with one hand. It's It's very hard. Anyway, okay, there we go. But I hope you enjoy the fireworks. We may not hear the music as well from here. If you want to hear the music, uh, you should be able to hear it some, but you can also hear it better if you go to the top or if you go back down to the bottom. They have speakers, so you should be able to hear the speakers from the bottom. I'm going to put windcreens on here, so you should be able to hear without any wind noise. >> All right, enjoy the show, everybody. Another heat. Yeah. interest. Bubble for me. me. It's just Wild anymore. Hi. You standing down there. >> Excuse me. Where did you get this fire? Make a sound afterwards. like crazy. We just have to be >> He can't see all that. You guys work. Oh my You see those guys on See, look. They're still there with the light. She's about to hear. >> All right. Happy birthday. So Oh no. Well done. Found you. Wow. I don't know. Thank you. Mommy, trick me. Oh my god. Perfect. down. Go go go. Heat. Heat. Seeing Yes. Come on. Come on. Don't use the radio. I don't know. Yeah. Heat. Come on. Remember that deep coming special. Let's go. I see. Do you continue your dreams? season. Yeah. Go. Heat. Heat. Hey All right. >> Take it over here. All right, I hope you guys enjoyed that. That was so amazing from up here and honestly just super super magical. I loved it. Loved it. Loved it. Loved it. All right. Hey, let's let's go let's go down in here. Why not? Thank you, sir. We've never done this before. Look at that. How fun. We don't have to go down the the concrete stairs. I like it. I don't usually have somebody open the door for me. Let me plug in the battery. That's fun. I love that. Yeah, it was a great It is It is a bigger, wider view of the show from up here. Here. Hold on just a second. Let me uh There we go. fix to the brightness here. All right, so congrats on 28 months of Resort Hopper Gold. Thanks for the fireworks tonight, Josh. So happy to be a member of the channel. Thank you so much, Kathleen. That is so kind. Crazy to think 28 months ago we started the memberships. Wow, what a great view. And yeah, the um the sound is low because the speakers are down on that fourth floor down there. So that's okay. Um, it is, as you can tell, even from where we were, you could hear the noise down there. It's very, very loud down there. A lot of people talking down there, so you wouldn't have been able to hear it much better down there or up at the top. Uh, so it's usually talking there, too. But, you know, it's not bad. I love the Incredible stuff. Either way, I'll try and go all the way up next time. I mean, I could always take the elevator. That's a That's a thing. You actually take the elevator to the uh >> almost the top floor and then you then you go down from there. Wonder stairs. The only stairs are outside I guess, aren't they? See if I like go. Uh I think so actually. Here, let me go this way. I think you can >> let me go this way. >> Let's see if we can do that. here. >> So, five-legged goat. Yes, you can see the five-legged goat quite well from here. Hold on. He's right there. Here we go. Z. There we go. All right. Isn't >> that cool? >> So, you see the one on the right has four legs and the one on the left has five. That goat is the goat. Yeah. Jenna's on a cruise. She'll be back on Sunday. Yeah. There's your five-legged goat. You can almost hear the uh fireworks music from up here, which is fun. That's a nice view, too, isn't it? All right, I'm thinking let's head down here. I'm going to get a uh Coke and enjoy my cookie. We can go through the shops real quick, too. So, I'm just going to I'll grab an elevator. It'll probably be It'll probably lag a little. It's okay. Never lag. Little lag never bothered us anyway. So, I'm gonna try and we'll just wait here. It's pretty cool. Seek Miller. Yeah. them. They actually said that it was on purpose that they didn't have the uh that they had the five-legged goat. That was purposeful because um Mary Blair wanted to show that nature was not perfect. This might take a while. That one's going up. I could go back out, I guess, and go down this the concrete stairs, but I was just I thought I'd try. Everybody's going up. >> Oh, boy. No, I don't have a five-legged pen. I don't. >> Is there one? That's cool. Yeah, this is the most busy time for the elevators right after the fireworks. You'd almost really need to be more than four, but so there's actually there's four here and then there's one on the other side. So I guess there's five, but they're all going up. All going up. >> Thanks, Stacey. I think they did make a five-legged goat pen at some point. Like they're pretty aware of that stuff. Disney is pretty good at that kind of stuff. They they at least more lately they've been aware of some of the trending social media things and if they can make a product out of it, they will. There we go. Going down. >> Oh boy. >> Go ahead. Blakeley, what did you just stop? >> There's a lot of people in here. Yeah, I'm already stuck >> in. >> Sorry. All right, we made it. Oh my goodness. This is the wish again. >> All the wish. How fun. All right. >> Well, we made it. >> We made it to >> the fourth floor, the Grand Canyon concourse. >> All right, let me turn the bit rate back up. And off we go. A lot of places have that members only style jacket. Best part of coming home is knowing you're still alive. My husband and I get to watch you. Yay. Hello from Ohio. >> All the kitchen section is nice. Kitchen and housewares. Some cool towels. Country bears there. How fun. Hello, Archurro and May. Oh, look at that. Oh, look at the teacups. Those are fun. It's the magical day. Almost magical day. Something. Oh, yeah. It does. I was like, this surely it spins. Yes. Yes, it spins. I was like, that's a that's like a huge lost opportunity if it doesn't spin. That's for sure. How fun. >> It's a neat shirt for sure and a neat store. >> That's a cool shirt. >> This is the shirt I'm wearing today. See? I'm glad you're here, Arturo and May. Wait for it. And there is indeed a five-legged goat pen >> magnet. >> $14.99. >> That's pretty cool. You guys were saying there was a magnet. I must have missed it, Sandy. That's cool, though. >> I don't know about pin though. That is a neat shirt. >> Riding Thunder Mountain in Minecraft. Nice. I don't have the Liam. My son's all into Minecraft. He does not have the uh he does not have the Java version that you have to have to see the do all the um those type of things. I guess like he can get on servers, but I guess you can't get on the MC parks unless you have uh the Java version which is on the computer I believe. So that makes sense. I just I don't know. I'd never never really seen that so I didn't know. Oo, we're great big beautiful tomorrow. It's a great big beautiful tomorrow. Great big beautiful Yeah, that's so cool. It's actually a magnet. It looks like pins. I thought it was pins at first, too. But >> it's kind of interesting for sure. >> All right, so I am going to kind of getting thirsty. I'm going to go I'm going to take a real quick run through this store and then we'll uh we'll see get a Coke and then have some snack time. Oh, I love Mickey the band leader. How fun is that? I love that. That is so cool. >> I mean, if I had room, I would totally do it. Press my hand. >> How fun. Good job, Mickey. >> Oh, there's the snakes. Da da da da da. It's a really great arrangement of that. Sure, I've said that before, but it bears repeating. I don't see >> I don't see the uh >> I don't see any fivelegged goat pen here, but >> I don't really Sorry. I believe you behind the worst. >> Not sure. >> I always love the Epcot ones. >> Singing Mickey. Ain't that nice? >> There's the new ones. >> Oh, the Goat Pink came out in 20 2008 2009. Okay. 2008 2009. There you go. If you guys are wondering, that's me. I'm >> not a not a pen person, but I >> I play one on TV. >> All right. >> Oh, there's me. Honorary honorary penator. They don't actually do it. >> The whole princess section. So they they they really should I know it's all limited edition blah blah blah blah you know whatever but I they really should have that pen like all the time. I feel like they should. All right. So that's my that's my tour of the pens. As much patience as I have. I actually am pretty tired tonight. I think I'm going to get my snack and probably head out pretty soon. But we will be sending you guys over to the 247 channel like I talked about with Theo earlier. You can uh go check you can go check out the 247 channel and always always always watch Disney even in the middle of the night. I love the People Mover toys. They still have them. That is good. So yeah. Anyway, um yeah, any time of day, any time of night, you can go on Resort TV 247 and see the parks and eventually you're going to be able to see the rides. That's going to be super cool. So, go over there, subscribe if you haven't already done so. We got uh quite a few subscribers over there. What is it? Almost 9 almost 9,000, I think. So, so that's super cool. It's almost 9,000 subscribers. >> So, yeah. Go subscribe. >> Thank you. I got that stuck in my head now. Mini Joo, I believe it's called a saxophone quartet on Main Street used to play it. Uh, that brings me to another point. Why don't we have a saxophone quartet on Main Street anymore? I'm just saying. Wait a minute. >> You know what? >> Do they have Coke in the other store? >> That's all right. I'm already here. I believe they have Coke in the other store and I believe you can get the discount on it there, but you can't here. It's all right. I'm already here. >> Hello. >> Yes. >> 86. >> Actually, question. Does this um is this pass covered or is that only in the parks? >> Only the parks. >> Okay, I figured. I figured. Yeah. >> I keep forgetting to use it when I'm actually in the parks. >> I will do that. I know. >> How many do you have? >> Just one. >> Okay. >> Yeah, it's all good. It doesn't go It doesn't expire till like October. So, I'm good. I got >> Yeah, that's good. >> I got some time. Let me grab my card. >> The last time I used one was um I think last Monday. >> Oh, okay. >> And I was like, "Oh, Jesus already. I don't have anything left." >> A Yeah. I had a cast member friend give me one which is very kind. >> Yeah. >> There we go. >> There you go. Have a great night. >> Thank you. >> So this is Contempo Cafe. You can watch the Montreals go through. And of course behind that is Chef Mickey. They're not the same thing. Chef Mickey is the table service restaurant. Contempo Cafe is the quick service. Here you get both options. So if you're wondering, a lot of people have this perception that um that Thank you. You too. That deluxe resorts don't have quick service and that's not true. They all do. Every single one. They're not as big as the quick service restaurants in the uh as the moderate and value resorts, but every single deluxe resort has a quick service. Even Grand Fian. So, I guess Barillas, which is the one at Grand Fidian, Grand Flow. One of my favorite things to do is walk through this little area cuz it looks like you shouldn't be able to do it, but you do. You can just walk right through there. It's just like little narrow spot, but I am glad they allow people to walk through there. I think it's probably good. So, you just got to be careful not to hit your head, Chuck. Oh my goodness. Really generous tonight, guys. Oh my goodness. Chuck Krado, $100 super chat. Keep up the great work, Josh. Have a few dozen Cokes on me. Your saxophone tone is outstanding. Rock on. Wow. Thanks. I love that, Chuck. Thank you so much for that. And um I just really appreciate it. Here's my contemporary shirt, by the way. So, I'm in the right place here for this shirt. But Chuck, I really appreciate that. Thank you so much. It's my pleasure to play for Give Kids the World. And as you guys didn't hear, um we got an amazing uh $20,000 additional donation for this year. So, I believe that put the total up for this year's Give Kids the World to $90,000 and bringing it up to, I believe, $380,000 for all 5 years that we've been doing it. So, that's pretty awesome. Cory's the one, the mastermind. Cory Me is the mastermind of it. But we're just happy to be a part of it and thank you so much for your very generous super chat and also for your kind words about the saxophone. Thank you so much. Or my saxophone tone. Thanks. Let me switch back over. I'm going to enjoy a cookie. So, this is the this is the part of the stream where we just kind of chill for a second. So, if you guys have to go to bed or something like I totally get it. It's totally fine. Don't Don't worry. We're totally fine to do that. But also, um I'm happy to uh happy to have you hang out with me, too. So, stay tuned if you can. If not, see you tomorrow around noon. I'd originally said morning, but I've decided to sleep a little bit because hey, there's no bonus for getting to the park early. And you guys, you guys always tune in to us no matter when we go live. You guys are the best. So, we appreciate it. But, uh, I am going to send you over to 24/7 here in a little bit. All right. Going to put this down for a second. I got to scroll back forward here. We loved having breakfast on those tables last year. Great spot. Gasparilla at DF Contempo at contemporary and Captain Cook at Polly. Yes, very generous. Hey, Ginger. Hey, Coaster dude. A thanks Ginger. Here goes the Montreal in honor of our late friend Adam. Weird to say that. Not the friend part, the late part. It's very very strange to say. I'm still not used to the idea. I don't think, >> you know, because I I didn't it was harder with Adam. I didn't see, you know, we we didn't see him all the time. So, it would be, you know, it would be easy to think, oh, we just haven't seen him around, you know, I mean, kind of thing. Like, if we, you know, we didn't know or obviously we would obviously there's no way we couldn't know, but if you know, we whatever. You get the point. Like, it would be easy to just kind of, you know, momentarily forget and be like, "Oh, yeah, we haven't seen it." But, you know, we just not not cross paths. But I'm not sure. It's one of those one of those things. That is something you don't want to have to get used to. Disney adventure made it across the Pacific. Nice. That would have been a fun trip. I would have loved that. Oh, thanks. Cardboard box. I appreciate that. God bless you. We'll give you one, Mom and Dad. For sure. They're the best. Nom nom nom. Is there any instrument you can play or is there one you wish you play? You wish you could play but don't? Um, I can play all the instruments. I wish I could play brass better. I just haven't had time. So, >> it is what it is. I just don't have time. Anyway, um, very yummy. I sent you a text the other day after this change. Oh, yeah, it did go through. It was just so late. I didn't want to reply to it. I forgot. >> Oh, hold on. I've got a lot of text this week. Yes, Stacy. I got it. Obviously not something I can read on the stream. >> I'm okay on brass and percussion. Not not so much woodwind. That's funny. You play trumpet? I play some trumpet. Not as much as I'd like. I'd actually like to play horn better. I I can play it, but I like to play it better. I'm a decent piano player. I'd like to play better, but you know, touch is life. So, we talked about Resort TV1 Homes. Let's also talk about David's DVC Rentals, another awesome sponsor. DBCrequest.com/tv is dbcrequest.com/tv. Check it out and tell them Resort TV1 sent you. That's David's DVC request or David's DVC rental. DBCrequest.com/tv. If you want to rent a BBC room for a fraction of the cost, you can just go talk to David's davidsdbc rentals. They got you covered. BBCrequest.com/tv Oh, that's good. That's a good snack. Also, we can check out um what other sponsors we have. um Behind the Ride on Amazon. Let's go check out Behind the Ride on Amazon if you want to find out how all your favorite rides are created or Disney Demystified on Amazon and you can uh there's audio books on there you can download. So you can download it and listen to it while you drive or you know on the train or on the airplane. Yeah, just go check it out. It's a Disney demystified or it's um Yeah, Disney Disney Demystified or um Behind the Ride. Both of those are great on Amazon. All right. Yeah, we'll get to Surf Shark. Thank you though for the reminder. I appreciate it. They also have um Dream Table. If you want to find a restaurant reservation, especially at the hardest to find restaurants, the most popular restaurants here at Disney World and any other Disney park, you can just go to the app store and search for Dream Table. Again, go right to the app store, search for Dream Table. It'll come up. There's memberships you can buy. They're really reasonable, like 9 or 10 bucks a month. And you don't have to have it all year. like you can cancel at any time. you can just have it for the time you're going on vacation um and then cancel it then or you can buy a year if you're going you know more often you can buy it for a year especially like if you live locally here you can buy it for a year so check it out Dream Table on the app store it's a free download but you can then you got the membership so either way go check it out Dream Table also What else? Oh, we almost got him. There's DreamPeople.co. Also, we have um layer 1 technology. If you want to get some IT support for your small or mediumsiz business, check out layer 1 technology at support layer onetone techchnology.com. Support at layer1 techchnology.com. Check it out. I'll do Surf Stark here in a minute. Yeah. Thanks for being here, guys. You're the best. I love it. No. Enjoy the streams, Josh. >> Oh, thank you. Appreciate it. >> Thanks, Michelle. Good night. Thanks for being here. really good. pulling his pants down at the mall was more embarrassing than the he was like he said he had to do it. >> We also have Surf Shark. There comes Montreal Yellow. Guys, go check out Surf Shark at surf sharkark.deals/ resorttv1. So yeah, Surf Shark.deals/resorttv1. Go check them out. Surf Shark is a VPN service. It keeps your data safe online. Encrypts your connection, hides your IP address, which is like your internet. I mean, it is literally your internet address. It's very similar to your think about it as your street address on the internet. And it's something is good to keep private. And not just that though, it it basically makes a private tunnel for your information on the internet so that nobody else can see it. >> So if anybody did try and see it, it would be encrypted. Basically, it's just scrambled myths that would look meaningless to anybody else, even the most skilled hackers. I'm sure there's a way, but like you know, you know what I mean? Like everything is what do they say? Everything is breakable, but like the point is how much effort would it take? And uh yeah, so Surf Shark's great though. And like so yeah, I always tell people about security and stuff. They get people get nervous about even like VPNs and I'm like I don't know if there's a way to break it, but it seems to me that there isn't really an easy way to do it for sure. I don't even think there is a way. But even if there were, they wouldn't waste it on us. They would waste it on like, you know, government spies and stuff like that. But either way, go check out surf sharkark.deal/ resorttv1. It's like $2 or $3 a month. I think it's $3 a month if you buy two years and they've got the u the highest encryption standards in the industry and um you know that you can have. They've got the full security package, all the things keeps your data safe online, but also uh you can change your location anytime you want. So, like if you're trying to see like how much would a flight be to a certain place, but you're like I wonder if they're like say you live in like a maybe you live in a very affluent zip code or something and they're looking and saying, "Oh, you know what? You're in like, you know, Palm Beach or something very affluent or you're in like, you know, Park Avenue, New York City or something." I don't know. Just saying. You could change your your location to another place and you might see if the prices are different. So, go check that out. Surart.deal/resort. deal/ resort TV1. All right, thanks everybody. Sorry that was a long sponsor spot, but going to send you guys over to the um send you guys over to the um 24/7 stream here in just a second. I know this isn't the most exciting part of the stream, but it's been fun. Easy breezy beautiful. That's how we like it. All right, let's meander. >> I hope you guys have had a great time tonight. I know I have. Let me put my tripod away. I'm one of those weird people. Most people Most people that stream operate their gimbal complete with the tripod all the time. >> So, they can just set it down. I like keeping mine as light as possible, so I take it off. Everybody's different. Just a second. Trying to put my one-handed putting the water bottle away is not easy. It's easiest thing to do if you have two hands. This is not a one-handed backpack. Do you guys have backpack recommendations? Like reasonably priced backpacks? Like I would love to hear them, honestly. >> Let's go back through the store one more time. actually maybe the arcade. >> I prefer my gimbal legless. Yes. Yes, I do. >> All right. Here we go. Just a second. >> All right. I'm going to throw away my cookie wrapper. Okay. Here. While we're here, let's go down here to this store where I could have bought the Coke for a discount. And we'll go this way. >> Hi. How are you, bud? Good to see you. Do you like Do you remember me? >> I do. Absolutely. >> It's good to see you. >> Always good. Good to see you. >> Did you want to say hi on the live stream? >> Yeah. >> Hi. >> You're going to Okay. So, I'm drawing a blank on your name though. You got like I remember you, but you got to tell me your name one more time. >> Sergio. >> Sergio. See, the minute you said I was like, "Yep, there you go. Now I remember. I remember you, but I didn't." Okay. Sergio. Guys, it's been a while. >> Yeah. >> Well, it's so good to see you. You having a good night? Yeah. What did you do tonight? >> We went to Animal Kingdom in Magic Kingdom. >> Animal Kingdom and Magic Kingdom. Nice. >> Yeah. >> Did you see the fireworks? >> No, >> not this time. Okay, that's all right. So, you stopped here at Contemporary to relax for a little while. >> Yeah. >> Awesome. Are you staying here or are you staying? No. >> No. No. Somebody will give me >> Oh, okay. Yeah. >> Very cool. That's awesome. >> Well, nice to see you. >> Nice to see you, too, Sergio. You have a great night. Okay. >> You, too. >> All right. Enjoy. >> I recognized him right away, but I hadn't seen him for a while. I was like, it's on the tip. He was one of the on my tip of my tongue. But I'm glad he reminded me. Always great to see him. Smart water. >> So this is more like supplies and stuff. >> Coffee. Okay. Yeah, they have Cokes and they tater tots. >> We have to microwave them. I guess they don't have a I don't think they have Wait, do they No. Do they have air fryers in there? I don't think they do. There's a tater tots are pretty good in air fryer. But you would be surprised in a contemporary resort that they have these. They have actual groceries. Uh I mean, you can get some ketchup and mustard. Like come on, grill out some burgers because they do have the DVC here, of course, with with the full the full kitchens. So you can bring your food. You can eat in the room. You can do all that. Most people don't, but you can. You can do it. You can do I don't know what that's from. There goes the Montreal right over my head. Montreal black. They have ovens in the one and two bedroom. I I knew they did have the ovens, but I was wondering about the um wondering about a way, you know, tater tots. I guess you can do tater tots in the oven. I guess that's all right. Excuse me. Sorry. Frog in my throat. All right, so let's see. Let's go through the arcade. Super fun. We'll head back out. Oops. Sorry, I messed up the amble for a second. We'll head back out and enjoy the balcony for a couple minutes and then say good night. Always like to come in here. So, so magical quesadillas. That's nice. If you can dream it, you can do it. Actually, um when we went to the uh when we went to the uh cabins there, our friends, um they had a uh Dee and her family, they had air fryers there. They brought but they brought their own. I think it does come with a K Cup coffee machine. Of course, we can do Trader House in the oven. Okay, cool. Well, we usually did them in a fryer, like a deep fryer. That is the simultaneously the most unhealthy and best way to do them is in the air fryer. No, it is a great way to save money. I totally agree. And we did do it a few times. Anytime we had a a room, especially at Key West, they have nice big kitchens there. And mom and dad would would say we' we'd have a couple if we were staying a while. They we'd have a night or two where we would we would eat in the room and mom would uh make spaghetti or have burgers or chicken or whatever. And we'd usually um go out to the store and buy it here. It was easier than trying to bring it down. Of course, you know, bringing it down, it's not too Oh, here. This way is where I want to go. It's not too bad to bring it down. Sorry. Not too bad to bring it down on the uh in the car if you have a cooler, but on the plane it's almost impossible. So anyway, it's the Picasso style Mickey most unhealthy and best always seem to line up, right? They totally do. Well, again, have an awesome night everybody. See you tomorrow around noon in about 14 hours and get some rest and I'll be back at it. So, appreciate you guys. I'm going to send you to 24/7. Hopefully, I I can see you over there and you can uh we can chat. I was talking earlier about where to watch the fireworks. So, you can actually see them pretty well over here, but you have to be here pretty early. See, watch the Montreal go by here. This is the express line, but I'm going to get on the Montreal and take it back to TTC. I mean, you can walk, but it is way easier to take the Montreal. Of course, you do have to take the resort Montreal cuz this express line here does not stop. Thanks, Coaster Dude. Still recommend a video walkthrough of all Disney's arcades. That actually is a good idea. Love the 24/7 rain stream. Yeah, one of my favorites as well. It's hard to do those because I mean obviously can't you can't um you can't predict the rain. So, but I'm happy to I'm happy to be able to do it with the uh happy to be able to do it uh as much as I can. So yeah, this is not a bad view, but like I feel like it's it's better on the balconies. So just subscribe to 24/7 live. Thanks. Awesome. Awesome. See, it's not bad, I guess, but it's just there are these seats and stuff, but you don't necessarily have to have it. Let's go out here on the bridge. That'd be fun place to end. Uh but yeah, Resort TV 24/7. Also, subscribe to Adventures of Jenna and Dale. They are awesome as well. There you go. Almost have 9,000 subscribers. We would love to have you as a part of that. So, go check that out. Resort TV 24/7. Bye. Such a nice guy. Sergio, step away from the light box. That's right, Ginger. I will. Don't make any sudden moves, sir. I don't want to alarm you, but you're dangerously close to the lag box. You could really confuse somebody that way. You walk up to somebody who's standing over there like, "Sir, excuse me, sir. I I don't I don't want to cause any alarm or any undue panic, but you're really close to the lag box." Oh, is the electrical water patch about to happen? It looks like it is. I could definitely watch it from right here. Let's wait a second and see if it comes on. Jenna comes back um Sunday. So yeah, subscribe to Jenna's channel, Adventures of Jenna and Dale, and also subscribe to my uh second channel besides the 24. I've got RetroTV1 tech if you like retro tech. That walkway wore me out last weekend. It's not too bad. Weird. I see both bars. Maybe they're waiting. >> Oh, yeah. I definitely think they're about to go. >> That's weird, though. Here, hold, let me zoom in a little bit. Wonder what they're waiting for. So happy you found this channel. I'm happy you found it, too. >> Maybe turn on the brightness just in case. They're doing something for sure. They just got really close to each other and the where they put them away is by Magic Kingdom. Maybe 10:05. I don't know why, but could be. Bingo. Please do this. Is the electric show going on? >> It's about to start. Yeah. >> Oh, wow. Nice. >> In like a minute. >> Yeah. Like I mean it's going now. They just haven't turned on the lights yet. Heat. Heat. Down here down there. Tell me this. Yeah, meow meow. Ow. Hey, don't heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Are you ready? The dump. Heat. Heat. Are you ready? Heat. Heat. See? I told you. That was awesome. So cool. All right, guys. I'm going to start. Excuse me. Oh, somebody's smoking somewhere. I'm going to start heading out here. I just want to selfie it up and say good night to y'all. Thank you for watching. That was fun. I loved it. And I'm glad that we got to do that. Ah, not as good of a view of the castle as I thought, but that's okay. Well, we got we got a good view here anyway. So, so fun. I love I'm loving this channel. Glad I stumbled across it. And I love the water pageant. Thank you. You're very welcome. We got all the emojis from the water pageant in there. That's pretty cool. I love that. >> Love that so much. So, we'll see you guys soon. Tomorrow at noon. Think I got all the Oh, I did surf shark. Yeah, got all the sponsors. Yes. Okay. Uh, we need to talk. First of all, I want to thank our moppers, our moderators. Keep the chat familyfriendly all the time. We appreciate all of our moppers so so very much. Thank you so much, moppers. You are appreciated. Also, all of our resort hopper members on YouTube. We appreciate you all the way from bronze, silver, gold, and platinum. And our platinum members, they get a shout out on every stream starting with Grey Rose Adventures, Toto, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego Mini, Dian 515, Jack Spar, Sorcerer Mickey, my crazy growing up life, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jayla Moxley, Cicander Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, um Ali, Barisimo, and Alan J. Thank you so much for your support. Thank you Patreon members. Again, big thanks to moppers. And thank you to all of you, all the resort hoppers. All you got to do to be a resort hopper if you're new is just subscribe. And that is our we call our viewers resort hoppers. And we did a resort hop tonight, but since we're called Resort TV1, we we call our viewers resort hoppers. And uh you know, because it works. It's a good name and we like to hop resorts. So, thank you for being here. Let me turn the brightness back up so you can see. There we go. That'll be tomorrow at Magic Kingdom. So definitely see you then. All right, there we go. I'm going to send you over to the 24/7 channel. So I'd love to see you guys over there. Thank you for joining me tonight and uh we'll see you again on the 247 and we'll see you tomorrow morning or tomorrow afternoon probably around noon. So that's going to be a lot of fun. We appreciate it and uh we're definitely going to uh have a great time there. So always a great time on the stream for sure. Contemporary shirt here. But yeah, anyway, we'll see you tomorrow. So, thanks for joining us and uh thank you for just being so awesome throughout the chat tonight. So, all right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
