---
video_id: oqZf1-00f6s
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Disney Just Started Repainting Cinderella Castle (Latest Update)"
published: 2026-02-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqZf1-00f6s
---
Check this out. The castle moat is dry. They've got it like this for the painting. They're going to repaint the castle original colors. Uh more with blue instead of pink on the top. Like now you kind of see the pink, but you can also see already where they're repainting it up here. Check this out. You can see the gold in the front and that the trim has already been repainted kind of a gray color in the back. So look at the front turrets. You see the gray and look at the back turrets and you can now see the um the gray. So you see sorry you see the gold in the front and the gray in the back. So that's pretty cool. There's progress being made and it looks like some of the paint has been painted. I know it's hard to tell with the light, but I'll I'll kind of pan down. But yeah, you can see the gold trim is starting to disappear, which that was started for the 50th anniversary. So that's been a while. But either way, that's a huge update there. Again, you can see in the front gold, in the back gray. Let me zoom out just a little bit. And now you can see that the waterfall here is uh of course not running. So they did that last time they painted it and last time they worked on the moat here. So you can definitely see that. Usually there's a waterfall here, but that is shut off. And you can see the moat is totally dry. Well, almost totally dry. As totally dry as it can be. It's pretty cool. So, that's kind of our update on the castle painting. It's kind of interesting to see the moat like this. Um, I'll probably go ahead and post this as a separate clip. So, if you're watching this as a separate clip, thanks for watching. One more look at the waterfall. It's just so cool to see it like this. Now, the mode on the other side is a little bit uh fuller for whatever reason. So, I'm not sure. All right. So, one more thing before we finish up looking at the castle here. I just want to show you what it's going to look like. Yeah. Wait. So, here, check this out. So, this is what it's going to look like when it's finished. Let's see. Here we go. There you go. So, here, let me point down so you can see better. So, that is what it will look like when it's finished. So, hopefully you can see that. Eventually, it will look like that. So, there you go. So, it's going to eventually look like that. The uh the pink will be gone and the gray and blue will be here. So, pretty cool. I'm excited. It'll be back to the way it was. Even though I did enjoy the pink. So, let me know. What do you guys think? What did you like? Which one do you like better? Are are you kind of like me? Are you indifferent about it? Do you kind of like both for certain reasons? Or are you more on the like, I like it original. I'm glad it's returning back. or some of you like, "Hey, I actually kind of like the pink. I am kind of sad that it's returning back to blue. Let me or gray and blue." Let me know. What are your thoughts? All right, here. Let's Let's go over here and take one more look at the Tomorrowland side. And you can see the waterfall over there is dry, too. Fine. I'll do it later. So, the painting is underway.
