---
video_id: eDiaoEIYIyQ
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Mardi Gras at Universal Studios - Universal Orlando Resort Live Stream - 2-11-26"
published: 2026-02-11
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDiaoEIYIyQ
---
Congratulations. Hey, come on. Come on, join in. Let's get it going live. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. See that? You can come in the sidewalk. Come on. Don't be shy. Get in the circle. Yes. Quick. Get in the street. I'll get it. I'll get it. I'll get it. What's happening? It's on the floor. Here we go. over here. Well, Y everybody, welcome to Marty Girl at Universal Studios. Thanks for being here. Woo! Joining us. We're the Beats and Brass. You guys want to hear more music? I gave it away already. Heat. Heat. I know you want to hear this, too. Come on. Oh, thank you. She got a turtle on her hat. You Oh, getting lower. How low can we go? Woo! Good job. Where are they going? Party, guys. I love it. Hallelujah. She almost got it. Hi. Hi. Good. How are you? Enjoy it. Enjoy it. Hi Amy. Hi Paul. Uhoh. Get down. Oh my goodness. You did 80 more times. Hey Arnold. Hey Tim. Hi Amy. Hi girly girl. Hi Noel. You know all the words. Here we go. All right. Here we go. We got this. Come on. Come on. Clap it up, y'all. Come on. Come on. Come on. Here we go. Come on. Come on baby. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, there they go. Heat. Heat. Woo! Yeah! money. Woo! Uh-oh. Heat. Heat. Thank you very much everyone. For the last time, we'll be back here at 4:00. 4:00. 4:00. Holy moly. How long did you work for it? Happy Marty girl. Okay. I know. Happy the same kind of ice cream. Heat. Heat. Well, there they go, guys. Welcome in. Happy Wednesday and happy Marty Gro to everybody. This is Jenna with Resort TV1. Thanks for being here, everybody. What a way to start the stream. Um, we went a little early cuz, you know, they were here and they were so good. I couldn't let you guys miss that. So, thanks for joining in the fun. There goes the gator. One of the gators. Another gator. Bye. All right. That was great. Um, it is starting to sprinkle, which we did not think was going to happen today, but that's okay. We're going to find some uh indoor places, but I do have Sharon and Andy with me today in their Seahawks best. I love it. Woo! That's right. It is the Seahawks parade. I think we should go in um the tribute store. I think so, too. The tribute store. Let's do it. It's this way. So, let's go see the Marty girl tribute store. Uh we are going to see the parade. It starts at 5:00 p.m. So, you don't want to miss that. 5:00 p.m. Eastern time. We're going to have a great time. And uh this should be all done by the time the parade is ready. But, um yeah, we weren't ready for this. Oh, they have a whole children's viewing area. Oh, that's kind of fun. Well, there you go. Nice. Hi Amy. Hi Brownie Brown. Manoah J. Jilly Jay is here. There's card members right here. There's a little space in right here. All the things. Okay. I'm going to walk a little faster. It's coming down a little harder. But yeah, it's clearing out because of the rain. I'm sure it's also just not that busy at the moment. I mean, I've never seen the streets so deserted, right? And I don't think there's any music playing because of the band, which is kind of weird and eerie right now. Yeah. So, look guys, we've got Phil's gas. It's like we're in Louisiana. And then we've got Tonton's Roadhouse. So, this is where we're heading right now. If you guys saw my video on Adventures of Jenna and Dale, Dale and I were here on Sunday and did a whole um Marty girl video. We're going to go in again today. And we had a huge announcement at the end of that video. So, if you didn't see it, go back and check it out. But we're going to go in right now, get out of the rain, and show you the tribute store. It is nice and dry. That's right, Tim. Here we are. It's like we've entered a bar. Doesn't it give you HHN vibes? Yes. I love it. That band, that headband with hat is so cute. Isn't it cute? I haven't bought it yet, but it is really cute. You might need it. Everyone needs a headband with a hat on it. I mean, why? And it's squishy. Dale said there's a Marty girl hat. I also really like the I do too. Uh flannel shirt. Yeah, that's Mhm. Very nice. Very nice. We also found some uh crawfish throughout. So the crawfish and his abacus. Yes, that's right. All crawfishes have an abacus. Of course they do. That's the That's the scoring for pool. Oh, scoring for pool. Well, thanks. What I know. Thanks, Andy. Is this pool? It's bumper pool. Bumper pool. Dale and I were trying to figure out what this was. Thanks, Andy. Now you brought Andy along to explain everything. All the things. I'm so glad you Yes. And through the math. This is so fun. I like these tiny little cups. I know they're shot glasses, but these are cute. I know. Aren't they fun? I'm sure there's a lot of hidden things in here. Um, but I don't know. Look, it's Gerg from Christmas. Kitchen is closed until further notice, it says. Okay, good to know. Do not lose this phone number. Oh no, they lost it. It's gone. That's hilarious. Oh, wait. Watch out for crawfish. There are too many to count. Okay, so there you go. Oh my gosh. Wait, we lost our cat. Help. Sorry. We thought it was an Ozark howler. We'll return it. Oh, somebody took it. Okay, this is so funny. This is really funny. I saw at least eight rats last week. Call extermination. Okay, so we need to look for rats. Can somebody update the juke box? And then what's that one say? Hiding the little tribe tribe tribey skulls around the bar. Me. All right. Lots of fun little details in here. Okay. So, we're looking for rats. Crawfish. Please join me in welcoming back Jessica M to the illust wait illustrated. Thank you. Tonton Roadhouse Bar and Grill. It would be great having her back. Cordeli future boss. It's not even her real boss. It's her future boss. All right. This is fun. Okay. Well, let's go this way. Oh, yep. Oh, and a crawfish. There's two. They're everywhere. Whatever this is. Yeah. Bumper. It's bumper pool. Mhm. Then we've got the liquor over here. The liquor cabinet. Amdy malt. You can get your shark drink. If you see something, say something. Okay, this is so fun. I I want to come back in and just look at all the details. Look, it says dog on premises. Beware. Our first dollar. Look, the good times roll. It says Yeah, that's him. Mhm. Dale and I had to look it up. Apparently, we're supposed to party like Baron. Yep. Party like the Baron. Okay. Mhm. And they have a ton of the shoulder piles if you want one of those. Are really cute. They are really cute. Hi Amara. Hi Amy. There's Mega Byron in in the chat. Oh, we've got a Byron. Oh, and Dale and I also found where is it? Earl. They have an Earl drink. Earl. They sure do. Earlort. I like the Northern Anxiety. That might be a good one to try. I don't know. Mad Dog Tequila. Lion's head vodka. 98 acorns. That's so fun. This is heavy. I know. I thought it was plastic. It's not like a refillable, but definitely not. I got scared by a head on a stick. It says what? Okay. Oh, I found creature. Oh, on the magazine. Oh, yeah. Creature. So many details. It's so fun. All right. Okay. Well, let's keep exploring. See what else we can find. Hey, Hershel and Margie. We got the back room over here or the closet, I guess. Drink water over there. Phone is broke. Please don't ask. You were trying to be intelligent, but you failed. My mom visited Haunted Hollow Hills and all I got was this t-shirt. That's funny. The shirt off his back donated by Andrew. No, it looks like Andrew. Andrew for losing at darts. Okay, that's funny. Andrew, did you lose at darts? Did you lose at darts, Andrew? I did. Oh, look. The moose. when people threw their beads up there. We got the band right here. Love it. Love it. The lanyard. I know. It's so cute. Tonton's Roadhouse. And they've got all the merch you could ever need. Sorry. This shirt is really cute. Oh, that's a good one. I almost bought this one. It was between this one and this one. That one. Mhm. Also, you can get a plushy beignet. Isn't it cute? I think everyone needs a plushy beignet. Of course they do. So, when Dale and I were here on Sunday, they had miniature ones that you could put on your backpack. Okay. Cuz I was going to say this is a really big beignet, right? You know, it's it's a big size. However, normal they're gone. Apparently, they sold out. I know. This this might be the shirt I need since I didn't bring a sweater with me today. Oh, yeah. It's a cute one. Mhm. Yeah. Apparently, they were in boxes and they had a ton of them. Oh, and there were three per box. Oh, they're gone. You divide them up and they each have a um like a keychain. They were all keychain. Yeah. And I I thought, "Oh, I should buy it and then we could share it." We could share it. Yeah, cuz they were 25 bucks. But for three, that's not bad. Wonder if they're in the other store. We're going to have to keep looking. Oh, here's the juke box. It's out of order, guys. Peace bro. Sounds like uh just a closer walk with the Is that Oh, is that what this is? Oh, could be. It is. Is it? It is. Love it. Um, so it needs new music and it's out of order. I'll probably do that other sign. All right. Well, there you go. Dale found one that was Yeah. Squirrel. Oh, squirrel for Earl lunch question. Look, sneaky. No one believes you. I like the Wait, where was it? Flute funsies. These are really funny. Oh, heavy metal flute by Quieter Riot. Okay, that's great. I want to pick that one. I caught beads from the Honey Island swamp monster. Oh my goodness, these are so funny. I'm doing well, Catalina. How are you? All right, let's uh let's journey further into the tribute store. I see. This is fun. Go through the beads. Yeah, we're going to go through the beads. It's like again like an HHN house. Oh no, they shut this. This was open the last time we were here. Oh. Oh, okay. And there were some fun things in there. All right. Another crawl. Dad, please stop taking the tiny babies. They're for the king cake. Oh, that's funny. Oh, funny. Oh, and there's a ton of them. Crawl dads right here. Or crawl fish, whatever they're called. Is that like the thing that you're supposed to Yep. And this guy. Okay. So, this is the pantry here. Oh, yeah. This is the pantry. And who is this guy? Um, so in the last year's tribute store, we found three of these. Oh, so far I've only found one this year. Tim says you can open the fridge. Oh, he opened it. Oh, there you go. Okay. Hold this up to a beer. Yep. Oh, look. These are moving. Grill them. Oh, yep. You're going to grill for us, Andy. You get something out of the fridge. Yep. And then go grill. Grill it. All right, I'm going to have to open that here in a second. That is really fun. I love that these are moving, too. How cool is this, guys? I love it in here. Keep searching for King Gator, it says. All right, let's go look in the fridge. It's just one of those things you do. You look in the fridge. You have to. Oh, look. They have llama beans. Hi, Captain Mickey Mouse. I know. The theming is amazing. Creatures in. Yeah, there's a lot a lot of creatures. New grill will be here in about a week slash month. Okay. Let's look in the Okay. So, we've got the wolf man. Mhm. But we also have Batilda from HHN. Do you guys remember? Of course. A gator. Gator. And then like statues from that museum from the HHN. Mhm. That these little hints. Yep. Oh, and we have King Kong. King Kong over here. Or Yeti. One of them. and creature. Is that creature or is it from um It's kind of like a yeti. It kind of is like a yeti or it's almost like from the monsters ride. It could Oh, it could be a crab. All right. Well, there we go. That's fun. You can actually open that. All right, let's head on in. Hope you guys are enjoying. Hi, Daryl. This is so cool. Looks like we're outside now. Yeah. On Signature Street. Very random. I know. I love it. It's very HHN. It is, which I love. Very HHN. I'm looking for clues. Here's the first clown mask I've seen. Oh my goodness. Don't know what that means. Hi, Canadian Disney family. How are you? Hey, Mr. Cruise Beaver. Baron Street. Baron Street. Yep. We're going to Dress Avenue now and we're going to head in here. This is so cool. Oh, look. It's like a duck head. This is so fun. House of Tonton this way. It's like a creepy duck. Oh, there's a gator head up there. It is a creepy duck. What? Oh, another crawfish. And then we got this cute guy down here. Oh, he is cute. Ain't he cute? Detail. I know. Good job. So cool. Okay. I thought somebody was going to jump out at me right here for a second. I was about to scream. And it has HHN artwork. Like these statues are HHN. Here's some more crawfish. But yeah, they had like a curtain right there. I thought someone was going to jump out and scare me. Yes. Yes, it is. Another crawfish. This reminds me of What was the name of the house that we all loved? Oh. Oh. Um Um Um Yes. Oh my goodness. What was that house, Tim? My favorite one. The one that we loved. Yeah. Yes. L Artista. Ltista. Yes, it does look like Ltista. Maybe a sign of Jack the Clown. That's what I was thinking, Tim. Reminds me of LAR. Yeah, me too. And look, another clown. Yeah, I think that's a hint. Hint for Jack. Jack the clown coming back. All right, we're going to come in this room. We got another Carl fish over here. And then Dale pointed out that if you sat here, you might have a a problem. Oh, yeah. Sure would. That might have might be a bite. A little bite. And now we're to the shopping area. I think you need this one, Sharon. Oh, wow. Fancy. Mhm. Hello, Jake. Jake, how are you? It has a line. Just found you in the store. Well, hello. Come say hi. I just walked past you. Oh, honey. Hello. Oh, look. They have some headbands. What? Who was it? Who was it? Oh, I missed it. Yeah, this is like a lining that it would be too itchy. Yeah, that's really cute though. I like this headband. They have some cute headband. Do they have my headband right here? This is this one. No, it's like a purple. It's cute though. I love that they It looks like New Orleans. Oh, and this one you were telling us about this. Yes, this one's really cute. We like this one. Here, I'll move. Yeah, there we go. I really like that one. I might need to get that. It's like a metal. Mhm. Art the Clown is gonna be by my house this weekend in full makeup signing autographs and pictures. What? Tim, are you serious? Why? That's cool though. Um I want I need to get a pair of these earrings. I have no Marty girl earrings. I also really like these. I couldn't find my Migra earrings. Well, I ended up changing my Seahawk stuff anyway, but there you go. I They may not have made the move. Oh, sad. These are pretty. I like Yeah, I like this one. Okay, now Oh, look. There's a dinosaur. A random dinosaur right here. There you go. I just responded. Oh, hello. Do you want to say hi? Yeah. What's your name? Hi, Scott from Forlow Photo. Awesome. Good to see you. Nice to meet you, too. Have fun. That's awesome. This is of course the the float for the king and the queen. And look, the confetti. This is very cool. Isn't this neat? They did a great job. And here's another float right here. Oh, here's some more headbands. Feathers. This one's pretty. I like that one a lot. You were born and raised in New Orleans. That's awesome. And then they have these. And I might have to get this. They've got a a little boo little boo one. $8, which is not bad at all. They've got a AP. They've got the Prince Gator, Earl the Squirrel. So many cute ones. That you can attach to your lanyard. Did you find a shirt? I love this shirt. I know. Isn't that fun? They also have a They have a queen one, too. Oh, they do? Yes. It's on this side. And I also like that it says Marty Grub, but I don't think it has a year on it. Oh, that is nice cuz you can wear it, you know, whatever. You can wear the different years way, but I just like it. I like the colors. It is cute. Yeah, they have the king and the queen. So, you know, Andy could wear that one and you could wear this one. Fine. Oh, actually, I do like the color. I know. It has shorter sleeves, though. Interesting style. It is. I like the other one better. Yeah. Oh, you're welcome, Jill. They also have King and King. King and King. I love it. I mean, that's very New Orleans. Mhm. King. the king cake. That's true. Good point. They have a mug over here. Announcing the official opening of Universal Studios Florida. Oh, I've seen that before. That is really cool. That's really cool. I love that. Nice. All right, guys. They did a great job in here. And then another photo op right here. That is so cool. So fun. And then Oh, is it raining? You know, it must be done cuz they're bringing out Scooby-Doo. Scooby. And look, Earl the Squirrel. This is Earl the Squirrel's truck. Oh, and it says Marty Growler or Bust. I love that. That's so fun. Okay, I think it's done. Yeah. Awesome. There goes Scooby. Simpson. We got Simpsons over here. Just got my free bag of chips from the Lay Super Bowl ad. Oh, amazing. How cool is that? I didn't know that was a thing. I didn't either. Speaking of that, we need to go get our free magnets. Yes, we need to get our appointment. Yes. So, what I want to do, let's go um let's go this way cuz I need a restroom. Okay. And um I think maybe you and Andy could um take them in the wicked store. All right, sounds good. Well, I quickly use the restroom. This is so cute. Scooby. Scooby Doobydoo, where are you? That was good. Very good. Oh, they're bringing out some more Marty Gro peoples. So, welcome in, guys. Share out the stream. Let everybody know we're live here at Marty Gro Universal Studios. This is the first time in 2026 that we've been live at Universal. I've done I've done one vlog so far, but over on Adventures of Jennale outfits. Me, too. They look so cute. Hi, how are you? Happy. Happy Martyra. All right. So, we'll go in the shopping area and it's see the band comes back at 4, they said. Or is it is it back already? It says four. 4:00. Okay. And then we better start looking for a place about 4:15, maybe a little earlier. We'll see. Good spot. Oh, look. They have a new wicked um headband. All right. I'm going to let you chat with them. I will be right back. Hello, people. I do like that wicked headband. That must be Galinda's. That is really cool. T for Ginda. Galinda. Mhm. Like that t-shirt, too. Yeah, it's a hund. They have some nice No, it's not. Hi, Mega Byron. Hello, Amara. Amara says hi to you too. Amara with no eyes. Uh-huh. Hi, Plymouth Rock. Yeah, I saw that. Jenna will be back in just a second. Hello, Tim. Tim says, "Hello, Chandi." Hello, Tim. Very good. Very good. Hello, just Tim. Tim with an I. We are looking forward to seeing you soon, Tim. Dorothy's dress to open. Good idea, Skipper Tom. Hello to you, Plymouth Rock. Hi, Kayla. Hi Noel. Also, I am liking this wicked hoodie. Oh, and I also like this lug bag. That is really cute. It is 85, I think, is what it says. I can't see it too well from here. I love the lion. Lion. I bet you are, Tim. And the last couple of days have been warm finally. We're warming it up just for you, Tim. All right. Don't run around like crazy. Just look around. This is so pretty. Mhm. Look at there's a bubble. You can come in here and have your picture taken. Yeah, exactly. Yay. Thank you. Yes. Yeah. All right. Cool. Well, let's um head back outside and we'll go check out some of the food booths real quick before we need to get a spot. I really like that shirt. That crown said the same thing. Just looking at the merch. Yeah. And the co is so pretty. Headband. I know. They have a lot of really cute really good stuff. Um, they got some characters out here for the parade. Yes, Tim. It is uh really nice out right now. Oh, they're doing some uh some modeling going on over here. I love it. I love it. Everybody come on over. Oh, let's go look in here and see if they have those um beignets. We're right here. We might as well check. guessing they're all gone, but it's worth checking. Oh my goodness. The puff puff balls. Oh, they have them. It says queen. Queen. Yeah, they're right here. So, there's three in here. And it doesn't even show you what they look like, but they're really cute. They're miniature versions like like that. Oh, do they open? We're going to find out, guys. Here we go. Yay. Oh my gosh. Aren't they cute? Um, I would share if you want if you want to share. So, I don't need three. Same. Okay. Okay. I have cash. So, I will I actually have cash today. So, I can That was pay you back. Did you see that? I can do that. I was going like this. I can pay you back. Yep. I like it. Okay, cool. I think one box is probably enough. I don't know that um Yeah. Either Jesse or Jesse. Yeah. Perfect. Fight over. Yep. Perfect. Love it. Jessie. She might want to get one with Julian. Oh, that's true. Oh, here's the sweater. Isn't that cute? And it's not like super thick, but it's thick enough. And it's $50, which isn't bad for, you know, a theme park. It is expensive, but that might be an add to cart. Mhm. There's my shirt. All right, I'll go get this. Sounds good. It's the shirt I have on right now. Super cute. They have a kids version, too. This is the kids. And I like that little Boo and Earl the Squirrel on there. And they're on my shirt, too. Actually, I can pay you back the The checks in the mail. Exactly. Oh, look. You can get a Marty girl fan. Hello, Nia. How are you? $20. Let's see what else do they have. Oh, they have some pens. Gator pen, a gator keychain, gator sweatshirt. Party don't stop till the gator drops. Oh, that's funny. Daryl says cash. I remember that. You remember cash? Well, they got some uh Marty girl chocolate bars. Bourbon flavored milk chocolate. There you go. Never had that. Me neither. $10. That's cool. Again, got the headband from Marty Girl. Hi Pixie Dust seniors. How are you? And then this this is the other shirt I was debating. I think this is cute. And then this is the AP. It's a gator. That's a gator. The AP gator. Oh, and then this is the sweatshirt, which I think is really fun. Most of the designs on the back, but it's a cool shirt. And then the box of beignes, you get three, which most of the time when you buy beignes, you do get three, you know, per bag, which is kind of fun. All right, let's go see what's happening out here. While we wait on Sharon to buy the beignet, look, here comes more. We got Oh, we got the We got a queen. Where's the king? Oh, there's the king. I think I hear the band. Do you hear the band? Okay, cool. Oh, I think I do, too. The sun is kind of coming out. Yeah. the way around. Hello, David. How are you? Yeah, the sun did come out. So pretty. She's going to be fine. So, don't go anywhere, guys. We got about an hour until the parade starts. And the parade is so fun. You do not want to miss it. It is amazing. It's a good time. Oh, yay. All right. Shall we go? Let's go this way and we'll show a few of the um food booths and then we'll go grab us a spot. It would be nice if you can get your real beignets to go with your kitchen, right? Wouldn't that be nice? Oh, here they come. All right. I kind of want to watch them. They're really good. Oh, sorry. at least see them come down again. If you missed it, we uh we were here when they first came and they did an amazing job. They're so good. He did not. David everything. Heat. Heat. Heat. Come on. You Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Man, they are good. So good. Are you having a good time? Was that fun? I sure hope so. How about these amazing performance? probably. All right, guys. Well, we're going to need you to put those hands together on this one, but please put your feet together more important. Perfect. Because your feet cannot fail you now. Hey, happy Heat. Heat. You guys Yeah. Heat. Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. My My big hey down. Oh my god. Nick for the P. Oh yeah, you guys look so next. So fun. Hey. All right. Awesome. Well, shall we? Do they throw the magnets? Yes. Should we find a spot? Yeah, let's find a spot. Let's kind of look and see what it looks like. There they go, guys. That was so good. Ah, so the parade is in the is in about 40ish minutes or a little less than 40 minutes actually. No, I can't math. 40-ish minutes. I was right the first time. Look, crawl dads. We found some more crawfish. They're they're going down the street. Oh, fun. Hey, Dad. It is so much fun. And if you guys have never been to the Marty girl here at Universal before, definitely come check it out. If you have a ticket, if you have an annual pass, it's you can get in and check it out anytime if your pass works, of course. Oh, the B show is just getting out. Right here. In between the two. Yeah, this might be a good spot. Yeah. Okay. All right. Oh, let me actually Oh, actually, would you like a better spot? I mean, I'd love a better spot. Me. Thank you. That would be awesome. Yeah, that would be amazing. Oh my goodness. What? Thank you. That is so sweet. Super Bowl champion. That's true. Thank you. That was so sweet. Oh my word. It's just the three of you. Yeah, just the three of us. So, I'm going to get you guys some special goodies. The only thing I need is a last name for the party. Goodness. Okay, hang on one second. Oh my goodness, guys. I feel like we're royalty right now. Like, check this out. Maybe maybe should we wait until I think so. I think so, too. We don't want you to miss out on anything. We are. We have a bench. I'm She had a thing set out here. Like, I don't know what's happening right now, but thank you to this amazing team member like royalty. Yeah. Holy moly. Okay. When does this happen, guys? This is so awesome. Oh, Jenna asked was Can we stand the area? That was Oh, there went my phone. Thanks. I know. I just was asking if we could stand in a certain part. She goes, "Yes, you may." She goes, "Actually, well, you guys heard it. Why don't you come with me?" I'm like, "Okay, how cool." Yes, VIPs. We weren't even planning on this. Um, okay. Thank you. Let's see, guys. Hang on one second. My phone's being weird. There we go. I feel like I want to, you know, put this back across. Look at us. Don't come near. I just don't want anybody to sit in front. So, I'll just, you know, put that right there. Yeah. Let's put our uh Or, you know, we can lean up. I agree. Bags in front. I mean, if people sit, I'm fine as long as they don't stand. But, you know what? I have a feeling this parade also might be one where you're maybe not supposed to put your feet on the street. You're not. Yeah. So, um, correct. If they did sit there, they'd have to pull up. What is happening? Dad says, "Woohoo! Great spot to get hit with beads," Tim said. I mean, oh, look, there's spa boop. I got one more. Uh, hello. One more string of beads on my way. Happy colors. You got another one. Oh my word. Look at that. That's so cool. It was It was planned. It was planned. Yes. I love it. Yeah. All right, guys. I know what is happening. Jenna, you can scroll up. I don't want to anger in Mara. Wait, what happened? What happened, David? Um, okay, hang on. I'm looking. Hey, Dominican. Yes. Um, I thought ours was better than just in case. Thank you very much. Uh, garden grill and a few other treats. Dale can give you my number and I can give you more info. Oh, wow. David. Okay, sounds good. Can't wait. Dad's saying hi to everybody and woohoo. Do you want to see what the magnet looks like? I would love to. Happy Marty girl, everybody. I mean, totally. Oh, I love it. Okay, I got to go get mine. So, we have time after the parade. We can just scoot right over there cuz it doesn't close till 6. Yeah. So, and that's for all APS. just they you just have to get them before they're gone cuz they do not sell out but they do run out. They do. I think they run out faster than like the Disney AP magnets. I don't think they get quite as many. Um but yeah, it's sort of a little bit of a FOMO. Yes. You know, if you don't come and get it right away. Uh-huh. I need to go get my Disney magnet, too. I got mine on my list of things to do. I did get mine. Uh David says, "Hi, Sharon and Andy." Hi, David. He's coming soon. Yay. David and family. That's always a good trip. Yeah. Come to Come to Orlando. Exactly. A good time to come, too, cuz last week was chilly. This week and next week are going to be amazing. Come to enjoy all the Marty Cra festival. I still can't believe we have a we have a like a VIP rope. Like she literally took the rope off. We have a velvet rope and let us sit here. This is insane. I don't know what's happening right now, but I love it. I hope so too, Tim. For you. Happy early Valentine's. Yeah, Valentine's is on Saturday. Saturday. Saturday. Um, so if you guys are just joining us, make sure you check out one of our awesome sponsors, mikittyras.com. Mickeys.com. They will help you book your trip. Won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself. They help you plan for free with their expert advice. Whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with wiktra.com. Matt Davis says, "Last week was chilly. This week is Bolivia. That's funny. He said last week was chilly and this week is Oh, I get it. Bolivia. Very good. I love it. I have to hear things twice. Antarctica. Yes. Um, it could be the Seahawks parade. It's not, but it could be. We can pretend. They had a nice day for their parade. Good day. Good. I'm glad. Oh, awesome. There goes Betty Boop again. When you win the Super Bowl, that's what you get. I guess so. Yes. It's a good thing that she wasn't, you know, a diehard Patriots fan cuz then she might not have us point. Oh, they started the Murray girl music. Okay. Plenty of times. I don't know what's happening in my phone, but it seems really dark. Does it seem dark to you? It does. Maybe it got overheated because we were in that sun for a minute, but Or it's I don't know. Yeah, that's weird. I know. Oh well. Hey, age of red. People not used to this bright sky behind you. I know that's true. Taking over by the dark side. That's That's probably it. Actually, the Baron Tonton is after me. Oh, you're so welcome. Yeah, it's gorgeous. You know, I turn up the heat and everything. It's my good job. My call. No, I try. Why did I take my phone out? Now I remember. Well, we got about 40 minutes. Is that right? Math is hard. Until paran. I can hear the band down there. I'm afraid to leave though cuz you know we have VIP seats with the um Okay, that that's really good with an AP discounted box. I got you. I mean, that's like a I got you. Or I got Starbucks coffee. Yeah. Yeah. You say like I say that is really good. I say you get my next Starbucks. Okay, perfect. Cuz you know who who needs three. Exactly. So they're great to share. Oh, there goes Bart and Homer. Oh, should you want to take them out and we'll show them what they cuz they're all different. Oh, yeah. Yeah. While we're saying they're all different. Yeah, they're they have different faces. I just pulled out the one. I did say Tonton. That's what it's called. The um the Baron Tonton. That's the the skeleton guy. You know how they asked us our name for this bench? I said it should have said it's Baron Tonton. Baron Tonton. Yep, that's it. All right. So, these little beignets. First of all, the box is cute. Adorable on it on its own. And I thought they were gone, but they're not. Luckily, it's it's worth looking in other stores. There we go. So, there are three little beignets in here and they all have a little chain or a little key chain so you can Oh, I see. They're attached to each other. So, it's perfect. Oh. Oh my goodness. That's so cute. So, the back says Marty girl universal. So, we have a smiley one. We have a really smiley one with little pink cheeks. And we have a winky one. Oh my goodness. With pink cheeks and freckles. Oh my goodness. Oh, thank you. Yeah, I thought that was a Me, too. Okay. I don't even know. They're all cute. Really? So, how do you pick? I don't know. Like, you pick first. Okay. Or you just like randomly put them in a box. Oh, you could you could just Yeah, you just mix them up in the box and then we just go like that. Yeah. I don't even like the one with pink cheeks. Either one. Take Take it. You could do pink and Sounds good. Sounds good. I love that part. For the people that were actually here. That's true. The pink cheeks are cute. Always so much fun to go to Universal every once in a while. I agree. We have not streamed here since last year. The Christmas parade. So, they don't want to go back. It's like holding a map. They're like, "No." They're like, "What?" They're like, "No, I a map. What's a map?" You know, the map on my phone. I'm the map. That's me. No. It's like when you get an animal or something out of their crate and they're like, "No, I'm not going back in." Uh-huh. Tonton is what Luke and Han Solo ride at the beginning of Empire. That's true. It's a different kind of ton. I know. I thought that, too. Or ton. Wait, how was it spelled? T O N. Was it tonton? Yeah. So, maybe it's not ton. Maybe it's ton. Maybe it's Baron. Tun. Oh my goodness. I love Marty girls so much. kiss. It probably the whole thing will be. It's okay. It's all good. Back to our normal. I figured this would be a copyrighted night. Is that what you mean? But that's right. If you guys didn't see, I actually posted a Disney Springs vlog from earlier um from yesterday. Mom, dad, and I went to Disney Springs. We did a whole vlog from there. So, if you guys missed it, definitely go back and check that out. I posted it this morning. So, this if this gets copyrighted, I got that video. So, after the stream, you can go check it out. And I'm just loving having a bench. I know. Seriously, when does this happen for a parade? Again, if you're just joining us, they surprised us. They They took down the blue rope and let us sit here. Just so amazing. They said, "You want to see the parade? It's like a special viewing." We're like, "Sure." Took the velvet rope down, let us sit here. We're like, "Sure. It's perfect for three people. We had no idea what's happening. Oh my goodness. All right, here she comes. I'm going to I'm going to mute you just in case. Oh my. We got water, too. That would be great. Here, I got I got one. Okay. Thank you so Oh, there goes Scooby-Doo. I'll keep this. All right. Yes. Let's hold the buttons. Ready? You made our day. Thank you so much. Oh my word, guys. We are the star of the parade. We're totally the stars. Stars. Stars of the parade. I love it. I mean, we always knew we were, but now it's official. It's official. I love that. How sweet of her. Um, yeah, we're supposed to be on Hollywood Boulevard. And we got cold water. I mean, how nice is that? That is so sweet. And then a little certificate. Certificate. So awesome. Which we'll put away cuz it has our names on it. It sure does. Yeah. Too much information. Put Put that in the in the thing. I'm going to put this on my lanyard. Hang on, guys. I'm going to put this on my lanyard. I did it. Dad says, "Woohoo!" A thank you, Regina. She says, "Love it." You guys are stars. She's so sweet. Yeah, Regina. Hi, Regina. That is so awesome. All right, guys. Well, the parade starts in a little over 30 minutes. I'm going to put my water. And guys, man, I'm loving this cold water. I know. Okay, I don't even know how how to react right now. Sitting on a bench waiting for a parade. Just love these special moments. I know. Thanks, Universal. Hi, Katie. team members here are amazing. They are amazing. Uh I have not actually been watching the Olympics, but I know a lot of people have. I've been been kind of busy. We had our we had to get our pipes all replaced in our house and then um they had to make big walls all or big walls big holes in our walls all over. So, we've had a mess in our house right now. They did fill the holes in finally and then we had to clean that mess up and then eventually we have to put everything back. So yeah, a lot going on and we're getting ready to go on vacation. Coming soon. Cruise vlogs over on Adventures of Jenn and Dale. You need me to open your water for you or anything? Are you sure? Are you okay for now? Yeah. Or you can hold the Okay. People. Yeah. Thank you. Hold the people from our royal stars at the parade bench. Right. I right now. This is amazing. Hi Regina. We miss you, too. I hope we see you soon, Regina. That was so sweet of her. I still can't get over it. I know. I think we were all in a little shock. Like, wait, where are you taking? Thank you. So, Oh, yes. Hello. Hello, Regina. Um, we have 285 likes. I bet we can bop that like and get a few more. What do you guys think? Yeah. Yeah. Is it humid? Cuz it feels a little humid. A little bit. Okay. My hair is getting a little frizzy, too. That's the sign. Not Not summer. Nope. But more than we've had. I'm actually going to look that up. Yeah. Mega Byron. going on the largest biggest cruise ship in the world right now. There'll be a bigger one soon, I'm sure. Apparently. No, wait. No, there's humidity. Yeah, not bad. It's going to go up as the as the night goes on. It's going to go up to 85% humidity the Yeah, tonight the the weather is returning. Uh-huh. We're getting our Florida weather back. We're going to get rain on Sunday and Monday. All right. Well, I'll have to catch replay on YouTube of Olympics. Yeah, for sure. Just the humidity is only 42, right? Yeah, that's not bad. We're just not used to it. So, it feels like we're going on the Star of the Seas, which is kind of fitting cuz we're stars of the parade right now. Yes. Yes. You know, people are going to want to come get our autographs after this. That's so funny. Yes, of course. Hi, Thomas. I did not try for any of the wine and dine um races, but I heard they were really hard to get. Yeah, I didn't try either. So, um maybe it was a good thing we decided not to. Oh, look. They have a Seahawk shirt on. He's deep in conversation. Oh, that game. Of course. Of course. Nothing about Universal. So guys, the parade is early tonight. Most of the time the parade's at 700 p.m. However, the park closes at 6:00 tonight. I don't know why. Maybe it's just a non busy day. Um and um Islands closes at 8. Yep. So it doesn't Oh, I love the dress. Oh my goodness. So cute. Okay, we need to do that. Uh yes, we do. Adorable. did uh opt out. You're going to opt out. You don't you don't want to wear a dress. Okay. You could wear the shirt. The Ravenclaw shirt. That was like a squirrel. We were talking about something else and then we just like I know the outfits, you know. Um did Sharon practice her parade wave? Let's see. Oh, yes. Yeah. What about the the Yes, the queen. Yeah. What about your your bead catching skills? Oh, bead catching. Yeah. Um, my beat catching skills are not that great, especially with my left hand. I I'm really good at scooping them up off the ground. Same. However, one time one went around my gimbal, which was pretty cool. I was thinking maybe I need to be, you know, like wearing a hat with a Yeah, the the new little the little hat. Uh-huh. And just like Yep. That could actually backfire on me because my face is very It might hurt. Yeah. Hello, Proud Patriot. How are you? Good afternoon. Welcome in. This is so awesome. Okay, well, don't worry. We'll be back for more Marty Girl fun, too. Um, we're actually going to be on a float two separate days. I'm going to be on one on Saturday, and then Sharon and Jesse and Jesse and Julian are going to be on it another day, the next day, Sunday. Portens does do a little bit of uh Marty girl fun. Yes, they do. They do have a parade there. Um golf cart parade. Yeah, a lot of fun. Yeah, we're right in front of the uh ice cream place, the pharmacy. If you guys are wondering where these nice little VIP seats are, that's where they're at. I can't wait to try more of the food. There was some good looking food. Of course, they have beignetes. They have the king cake, which I remember last year was delicious. So, we might have to try that. And uh they had some good looking drinks as well. So, don't worry. We'll be back. Good afternoon, Ally. How are you today? I'm excited. You're excited. So, we'll see how it goes. I might even just I might stand up during the parade. We'll see. Just cuz I think we might get a better view or I might stay sitting. I don't know. We'll see. Yes, you can. I'll just sit here. Okay, perfect. I love that plan. I love that this is Andy's first Marty girl parade and you get royalty. Oh my god. Exactly. You cannot. I was going to expect this every time. Every time. Yes. Excuse me. That's my seat over there. Right there. I have the button to prove it. Um Mr. says VIP very important parade watchers. Stand up for just a second. Let you guys see a little bit different view here. Tim is ninja driving now. All right, Tim. Perfect. Hey Tim, no texting and driving. No texting and driving. A this was so cute. Bye. Well, what an amazing day. The weather is perfect now that the rain is gone. There's a breeze. Hi Ray. How are you? It has been a minute. Hope you're doing well. Thanks to everybody joining into the chat from Marty Girl Universal. Have our buttons just We do. We do. and the sign or the certificate or whatever it was. Uhhuh. I have my official certificate. You sure do. Happy Wednesday, Tyler. Oh, so sweet. So, let me know in the chat who has seen the Marty girl parade here at Universal before, either in person or on the stream. Let me know. Sharon has We didn't even get over to the food booth. So, we'll go do that. We'll go get my um our magnets and then we'll go show you some of the food booths after this. We are We'll be the first to see the parade. It comes from right here and comes down this way. So, we will run into it as we go around, but that's okay. We'll figure it out. We might just have to follow it around that way cuz if we go that way, we're going to get stopped. Uh, Proud Patriot has not seen it cuz then it's going to come back around. Oh, of course. Me and it's so fun and colorful. It is Ally Smooth Joy has seen it. Benjamin's seen it. Tim, of course, has seen it. He's been on the in the parade. Tim threw beads at us once. He did. Hello. How are you? Uh, I was sorry. Oh, thank you so much, Ray. That's very sweet of you. Yeah, she was a she was a sweetie, that's for sure. And Mars is just on the streams. It's been a while in person, but watched it many times. Seen it on the stream, but not in person. Yeah, it's Andy's first time at the Marty Gro. Oh, I see Betty Boop coming back. You can go to the Seahawks parade. That's right. They were kind of sad that they weren't able to see the Seahawks parade since they don't live there anymore. Um, so now you get VIP for the Marty girl and everyone else does. A there you go. Yeah, you need to be You do. Yay. Awesome. Uh-huh. Royalty. For sure. For sure. She's going to go have that wave. What is it called? assay. Like after the measure the density, that's it. Here comes buddy. It would be really funny though if you took it to a gold shop and said, "Yes, I'd like to trade this in for cash." Yes. And they'd be like, "Here's your penny. Here's your penny." Tim said that he will he'll be in a parade next Sunday. That's right, Tim. I forgot who got next Sunday. Well, maybe we'll have to come see you. We'll see. Oh, look. They have a King Gator praline party shake with a looks like a gold gator on top of the shake. So, that's pretty cool. I like that. That's fun. Yeah. You going to protect your eyes? Yeah. It's a great idea. I promise. Actually, I didn't think about it being just from the sun. But actually, now that you say that, it's probably a good idea, right? Beverly will show the sun. I know. Isn't it pretty? The sun is hitting the Yes. windows. Hello, Jessica. No, exactly. Good to see the sun. We are in the sunshine state. We are. And I love it cuz this morning was pretty cloudy. Was it cloudy this morning? Or was it notice? Maybe it was sunny and then it got cloudy. You went to the gym this morning. Was it cloudy? It was cloudy. It was pretty cloudy. That's why I wore long sleeves cuz I thought it was supposed to be cloudy all day. And you know, 70 and cloudy is totally different than 70 and sunny. Yes. 70 and sunny is nice. 70 and cloudy is a little chilly. At least for me. I have lived here a while. Oh, hey. How are you, Ticker Tail John? Hi, Ticker Tail John. He's in Disneyland right now. That's awesome. Nice. Did you get the popcorn bucket, John? The uh the uh Mickey fun wheel. Yeah, that looked like a cool popcorn bucket. Hello, Dismagic. How are you? Welcome in. Oh my goodness. I love her outfit. Yeah, I feel like we need some of those bigger beads. I like how some people went all out with Marty GR outfits. I love it. I love some people had the um the skirts too they had in the or in the tribute. They have the umbrellas. Yes. To dance with I'm doing well, Jessica. Thanks for asking. Well, you you have your Marty shirt on? I do. You're celebrating. I'm ready. It's my new one, too. Ooh, they got some yummy food over here. That looks good. Whatever I got kind of looks like um I think like a um what do you call those? Oh shoot. Uh skinny tacos. They're so good. To not tostada. Um taquitos. Taquitos. Is that what they're called? Yeah, I think those Oh, sounds like a um what what do you call them? The Transformers. Oh, is that what that is? They're coming out. Okay. Here. We're going to turn some cool. Oh, maybe they canled the show. Now they're going to have it. The boring show. That's a good show. It is. It's a cute show. You're looking for beads. That's awesome. There is one thing I am going to have to get before the end of the season. So, I got this last year. Actually, Jessie Mouse got it for me last year. And they have a new little blue one this year. A So I might need it. Does it clip on? Yeah, it comes with this little So you can put it anywhere on your bag, on your lanyard. So this is just in any of the stores. So this is the one I got last year. No, it's in the tribute store. Actually, they might have had them in the main shop, too. But um really cute. They have um the gator, they have him, they have Earl squirrel, and then they just have some other mo like Marty Gro ones. So really fun. Also, it's fun cuz it's small. Yes, it's not heavy. Oh, they might. I I think it's confetti. The confetti is waving. I love that. Or do they shoot at the people who they set in these special? You think that this is the We're going to get slimed. No, instead we're going to get slimed. That's funny. Just kidding. They've got cameras on us. Let's see what it's a prank. You think you're cool. We'll show you. Me and Pinocchio are going to be there um in 22 days. Oh, that's amazing, Jessica. Very cool. We're in the splash zone. Love that. Well, guys, we are about a little over 15 minutes away from the parade. I need to buy the giant beads. They are They are pretty cool. Yeah, I like those. And we do come every year. This is how I justify them. You can reuse them. Yeah, you can definitely reuse them. Doesn't take up too much storage space in your house. No, exactly. Oh, there's guy handing out some beads. Let's see if we get any. Don't know if we will. Much easier way to get beads. Just nicely hand them to Yeah, it doesn't hurt. You don't have to like look for them on the ground. It's getting us excited. That's right. It's an excuse to get some shirts. I I love this plan. I know. Me, too. Sorry. A too cute. Hello. Thank you. Thank you so much. I'll be right back. I know. I know. I said it. I'll be right back. A These are pretty. They are pretty. That was very kind of him. It's funny that there's no music going on right now. Mhm. I wonder if the band sometimes the band comes out right before. But I don't know. We'll see. It's not super crowded, which is nice. It is. It's nice and chill today. Again, I think cuz it's closing early. We picked a good day. Oh, yes. Come to Marty, huh? Day. Yeah, closing early. The weather is gorgeous. Look at the clouds moving in. We're a little bit of a distance from the three-day weekend, but I imagine this weekend it'll get Oh, yeah. crowded by Friday. It'll probably get crowded. Yeah. Um, the party in Florida is going great, John. How about there in California? We're having a Marty girl party. DCA, I know. Yeah. Well, they're probably having some other party. It is the 25th anniversary. Or is it the 30th? I forget. 25th. Yes. 25th. Wait, is it 29th? 25th. Oh my goodness. That makes me feel old. I know, right? Wow. Oh, family of the day. Yeah. Hello. Thank you. Celebrating this. The stars at the Exactly. Yes. She gave these to us. Yes. I don't think it's family anymore. It's Super Bowl. Super Bowl. And Super Bowl, of course. I'm go birds, not birds. We love all the birds. All the birds. All the birds. That's funny. I also like the the Colts. You know, it's the year of the horses. Maybe maybe the Colts will win this year. Good point. Yeah, we'll see. They do have a real a Thank you, Jacine. Thank you for visiting us at Universal Orlando Resort in just 15 minutes. Today's Universal volleyball parade will begin before. Thank you. Is it Mark Daniels? Sounded like Seahawks game. Yes. They they have a real hog. Oh, that's cool. Like through the stadium. Oh, that's fun. To its handler. Okay. I have several in my backyard. I could donate. You want some more? Are they trainable? Maybe. We have them in our backyard. I know. It's crazy. They're everywhere and you can hear them, too. Like they call each other. They help with the rodent population. That's true. You don't see mice. That's a good point. Exactly. They actually one of them might have dropped a a ronent one time. This was years ago on our patio. Remember that. And I and Dale wasn't home and I woke up and I'm like, "What is this? And why is it on my patio?" And I didn't want Chloe getting in it. So I had Dad come over and help me. It was very nice of him. He was He did. It was very sweet. He did. He got it. And he even sprayed off the patio. A that's very sweet. Such a nice dad. Yes. Very nice. They're a little You get startled when you I was not expecting that. The one that was in and it always happens when you know your significant other is gone. Yes, usually. Luckily, my significant other was home. Oh, good. Would have to get in my car. Good. He was in the garage. I scooped it up. We think it came in like when the garage door open. It was just right there by the edge. You know, if it were a lizard, I'm fine with that. But a mouse and a rat. No, no, thank you. Yes. Way to go, Dad. Exactly. I'm a little surprised after they did that announcement that they didn't start playing the music, but be ready for this song to be stuck in your head. It is amazing. Feet don't fail me now. Feet don't fail me now. Not all heroes wear capes, Amara says. Right, Dad? It's true. It is true. Moms and dads, they all wear the capes. If he showed up in a cape, that would have been really cool. Super dad. Rodent Man is here. All right, guys. Don't go anywhere. It is going to be a party here very soon. What about a gator? If there were a gator in my backyard, I would not go out of my house. I would be calling. Yep. Um, what's it called? Um, control. Gator control. Exactly. Animal control. Is there a special number just for gator control? Uh, I think it's just animal control. Some people call the cops. Maybe they're trained in that. I don't know. Call gator control. Maybe. Maybe the small ones. They just take care of if they're having a slower day. Maybe. I feel like they probably don't do those things, but they call them experts. Yeah. Not me. If you can please tell Annie and Sharon. hi for me and tell him congratulations from John on your Seahawks. Yes, thank you. That's awesome. What if the gator was wearing beads and had a neat hat? Well, then I'd just say hi to him and you know, enjoy. Let's party. Yeah, let's party, Gator. Sort of going by our All right, guys. Yes, no capes. That's right. Ednim mode says no capes. Oh, that's right. No capes. Mhm. Yeah. Um, a fox left its meat cache on our sidewalk when my hubby was away. Oh, no. That's so gross. Foxes are really cute though. They are really cute, but from afar. Yes, from afar. Totally. I heard they sound like people screaming at night. Oh. Uh because a friend of mine said that, you know, they've heard them and it Yeah. Sounds like somebody's screaming in your backyard like or screeching or whatever. Like the neighbors might think you're, you know, having a problem when the person is screaming. Exactly. Yeah. Oh. season ticket over 25 years. Oh, no. You won a few. That is true. That's all I want. I'm with you. I'm with you. I wanted to see. I didn't care. But I wanted to stick it to him cuz he thought he was the only first year quarterback to take it. I'm with you. I wasn't a Brady fan. I'm also a Colts fan. So that's why I'm not a Brady's fan. A Brady fan. Yeah, cuz they played I feel like anybody who played against him, I'm not a Brady fan. Agreed. He's He's tough. He is tough. Super tough. Thank you for visiting us at Universal Orlando Resort. In just 10 minutes, today's Universal Martine will begin. Normally, we're on the floats, but I procrastinate. They have a D. It is. Well, you figure there's only 20 spots per float, only seven floats. So, they're limited per number. Yeah. So, like normally they give me the advanced two months at dance and I ladies artistic I this year I'm like I don't think they're going to be wait and wait and wait and it filled up. Oh no. You get to pick like NBC grill. Yeah. They have some good ones. Yeah. Try it again. You can order the top menu and everything and it's all included. If you had an annual pass, they take 15 20% off. Even better. Yeah, we got on with the APs this year, so we can't wait. Yeah. Yeah, cuz we didn't last year. We couldn't get them. Okay. Yeah. If you go standby, sometimes you might clock out. Yeah. He uh he wants to dance at Cinderella's castle with Cinderella. He dresses up as Prince Charm. And we have a A that's cool. We didn't care so much about local. Yeah. Yeah. No, I got you. Kind of funny that you said we're local. Get away from 100%. I had to find my car. Yeah, they sound like people screaming at night. So, people who scream at night, not people who scream during the day. That's true, Ally. No, people that scream at night. That is funny. Only at night. But I think that's I guess that's when the foxes come out, right? Yeah. I mean, there was a whole song about what does the fox say? That was a thing. Yes. What does the fox say? I know that was a song. What does the fox say? I will her show. They're not with me today, but they were with me yesterday. If you go back and watch the vlog, mom and dad are in there. Mom and I did an unboxing uh from a blind box um the Winnie the Pooh. And then dad and I tried um a new food item. So, and of course we showed you all the new merch. Hi, Annette. Tim is ready. Awesome. From today and then I had to start getting ready to come here. Only got partway through. That's okay. You have you have tomorrow. You have tonight. Anytime you want. Some shopping. There's a lot of new merch right now. Good merch. We might have bought a few things. That blind box store gets me every time. They have when they come out with new things. And they have these little stitchies that are dressed like Well, it's kind of like the PopMart ones that I showed you, but they're like figures, not plastic. They're like the plastic. Yeah. Yeah. It actually was like soft. It was like flocked. So, it was hard, but it was soft, if that makes sense. Like the little boo boo. Yeah. Like where the face is hard and the body's Well, it's all there. It's all hard. Like a but it's like a flocked on the outside saying yes. Yes. It's really cool. They did a good job. I was really wanting Pluto, but you'll have to watch the video to see who I get. Okay. Got to finish watching the video. Yep. Got it. Is this a new video? It's the one that's already out. Just put out. Okay. Yeah. Disney Springs. Thank you, Benjamin. You saw it. Awesome. So, you know which one I got. Guys, we got seven minutes. Ready for music? Mhm. Ready? I know. I'm really shocked that they don't have music right now. You know what's funny? One time I was here for a Christmas parade. Mom and I came to watch a Christmas parade several years ago. The music didn't work at all. It was a silent parade. It was hilarious. And they're just waving. Oh my goodness. I was just going to say, yeah, it's like the silent, you know, we need to put on headphones. Silent dance party. Yeah, yep. You'll have to watch to see what our reaction was. Yes, I really want the new Stitch Pop Mart blind box. Oh, yeah. It comes out Friday. I might have to make a trip this weekend. We'll see if I get time. You're busy. Seven more minutes. I Yeah, a lot of things going on like putting away things in the house, painting, and other things. Getting ready for a trip coming up. If you didn't see that video, go check it out. Watch the video. Exactly. whale. Which float are you guys most excited to see? I always like King Gator. I've been on two floats now. I can't um trying to remember. Sometimes they change them. The gator is always here, but sometimes they'll change the other one. So, we'll see. Last year, I loved the float that looked like um the balcony. Yes. Those the cool buildings. I think they have that every year, too. But we'll see. That was a good one. Today's Universal Point parade will begin. Tim, you're going to need the Stitch blind boxes, too. It's really cool. I think every time he does that that they're going to start playing the sick. They're just teasing you. Mhm. Just giving us a little teaser. Their palm trees look just fine. I know. I wonder cuz they're Maybe because they're so tall, heat rises. I don't just a few minutes if you could get your feet off for safety. Yep. You're right. Mhm. You do have to pull your feet up. Yep. That's really hard to do on these low It uh curves. It is. It really is. That's why I prefer to stand. Yep. I agree. Well, it's better for the stream usually. Yeah. I prefer sitting. Yeah. I prefer the VIP. Stars of the parade. Agreed. Excuse me. We're back. No, I'm kidding. We'll let others enjoy it, too. Tim was on the bayou float last year. Oh, yeah. The one with the turtle. I remember that was a cute I remember that cute float. Let the good times roll. That's right, Jay Cricket. It's almost time for feet to not fail us now and to let the good times roll on Facebook later on. The theme for the parade is elements. Okay, they did that one other year, I think. Maybe. We'll see. We'll see what they got this year. Can't wait. Elements. Elements. Potassium and argon. Maybe. Nitrogen. That's probably I hope so. I I think you're right. Oh, they're starting to scream. People cheering. They're getting them hyped up in the back, too. When you're on the float, they get you all excited. It's so fun. I'm excited. This will be my first year that I get to do. You're going to love it. I wish we were all together, but that's okay. We'll see you from the the ground. Oh, this is a really bad time for them to come out. We'll come cheer you on from the We'll be watching you on the side. I love that. And then we'll watch you. Yeah. Vice versa. Actually, that is kind of fun. Mhm. And we can take pictures of you and Yeah, exactly. My wife is having a pineapple to whip. Yum, yum, yum, yum. I'll take one. Yep. I'll take one, too. I like the coconut. I do too. The the Oh, no. The theme this year is international flavors of carnival. Okay. Yeah. I thought Elements was a couple years ago, but I don't know. Sounds about right. Stars of the Dead. Stole them. I see there's no chairs and they I mean I don't blame them. I I don't either. A good idea actually. It really is. I just didn't think they'd let you. Apparently they do. Yeah. I would I would do that if I weren't stars. Right. We're the stars of the day. Two minutes, guys. Boppers, moppers, and hoppers. Oh, you can't see it right there. You just can't put your feet on the road. Yeah. I knew that was going to happen right at the end. So, you guys have nice long legs. Yeah, we sure do. I also put my bag there so that I know it is going to be weird seeing the prey during the day but that's okay. I am here for it. Oh, gotcha Ally. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know what's happening. That's a great question. We're going to find out. Good job. All right, guys. It is 5:00. I think I hear some music. My friends, my friends and the good time. Perfect. Thank you. with you. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Enjoy the parade, guys. Yeah. Heat. So excited. Heat. Heat. Thank Yeah. Heat. Woo! Catch a fight on me. Thank you. Have a great time. Thank you. Heat. Heat. The floats. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. party. Let's get this party started. Come on. Woo! There you are. I got two. Happy coming. Woohoo. Woo. So fun. Oh my goodness. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Guys dance in a Huh? That was a good throw. I got you. Hallelujah. So good. Woo. Be right back. It's a giant giant wine. Yeah. Heat. All right, here we go. Catch some more bees. Cheers. my candy, too. Thank you. Got two more. This one's all tangled. Will you go that way? Woo! Happy honey girl. These are fun. Oh, here's your favorite float. on the second story. This is a really good float, guys. Coming up. Let me know if you're dancing at home. Everybody, look at the wind. I love this world. I don't even know where to look. I got more. Happy Marty girl. She got the turtle. the turtle. He's got a raccoon. Oh my goodness. So good. Oh, this was yours. That's right, Tim. The turtle on the side. It's a good one. I know. This is lit. I love the color. I know. So pretty. Woo! Here we go. Oh, cute. Love their outfits. Heat. Heat. This one's smoking. I know, right? Jane, I see the gator blow. Heat. Heat. Yeah, I like this one. Yeah. River boat. Woo. I don't even know where to look. Thanks. Thank you. Woo! Yay! Catch it with my left hand, guys. Wow, I got all three of those. That is a good flow. Uh-oh. They're all Marty girl. They're just so much confetti. They're so freaking I want to be on this float one day. I've never been on this one. I love it. Woo! Goodness. Oh my goodness. Like ring around. Oh my word, you guys. I got three. That guy just like five at a time. Love it. All right. What a fun parade. Fun. And a fun seat. Yes. We got the best seat in the house. We got I know. Look at Sharon. A lot. Bling bling. Andy got some. This is way more than I got last year. And I got some, too. I got all these. mixed in with my hair. And I'm creating I hope you guys enjoyed it. All right. And look, all the confetti. So, Somebody has to vacuum this. I know, right? Um, we can try though. Okay, they haven't come yet. We'll see what happens. One might be around. Yeah, we're going to find out, guys, cuz then the parade comes back this way. Well, thanks for hanging out with us during the parade. So much fun. So good. So good. Love this music. Hey now. Hey now. That was such a fun parade, isn't it? I mean, you can't help but like smile and dance. So fun. So, if you're new, make sure you hit that subscribe button and bop the like button as well. We're going to see if we can cross the street. See what happens. Don't know if we'll be able to. Hey, now doesn't look Well, maybe. Uh, no. I don't think we can. get the break through. So, I think we'll be okay. We still have what maybe or we'll see. What do you guys want to do? Such a fun parade. I'm fine just going around again. It'll take us a little bit. Let's watch the beginning and then we can go. How about that? Yeah, we won't forget. Thanks, guys. So cool. I love that plane, Tim. Yeah, it's very early tonight for some reason. We don't know why, David. It doesn't usually close this early. Usually the parade's at 7:00. Hey, General Victoria. Wow. Heat. Yes. The pre goes in a loop and it comes back to the same place as it started. Wow, that guy grew. That was awesome. You don't party. Yes, David. 100%. All right, we can start making our way. Let's We're going to have to go that way. The long way around, but that's okay. Yeah, such a fun parade. I love it. I saw David was asking about um Beacon Barrel and uh Gio. It's been so long that I've been to Gio that I kind of forget. Beacon Barrel has a good like chips and breads and different things and dips. That's very good. However, the pirate drink, it'll get you. It's yummy. It's yummy and it'll get you. Just don't plan to drive any time after drinking. Exactly. Just chill on the curb for a while or find someone else to drive. I like this plan. When you're on property and you're taking a bus back, no problem. And you're fine. Exactly. It was way stronger than I was expecting. Let me just tell you that. Hello, Teresa. Thank you so much. So, guys, as we're heading this way, let's chat about um resortv1homes.com. Again, resort tv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. If you guys are wanting to move closer to the magic of either Disney or Universal, resort todomes.com will help you out there. David says you're designated driver. I don't know why you me apparently. Okay. So, what David said, I don't I didn't make the rules. Darn it. Darn it. She says, "Maybe you can be DD." No, I know who can be DD. Tim. No, I'm just kidding. He won't be here. Tim will have to make a special Orlando. The DD. He did drink the pirate drink on stream. That was funny, Tim. And he said it wasn't strong, but then a little later he was like, "Oh, maybe it was." At first it just tastes like punch. Uhhuh. And then it catches up to you. I figured it's Magic Kingdom. It can't be that strong. I was way wrong. All right. So, we're going to go around this way and we're going to see. We're first going to get our magnet and then we're going to check out some of the foods. See if there's any yummies that we need to try. You're welcome, Edwin. I'm glad you're enjoying the stream today. I know it's an odd time. And we usually don't go live in the afternoon like at this time. Um, but the parade started at 5:00, so I figured this was a great time. And the park closes at 6:00, so Well, there we go. Tim says, "I mean, I could be there." Come on, Tim. Hop on the plane. Oh, I know who can be DD. Jesse Mouse. Yes, Jessie Mouse is usually our DD. She is. She doesn't like She doesn't drink. So, Not that we usually eat a drink. No, but we are very careful. We're very responsible if we like even having one drink. We're careful. We wait. Exactly. 100%. Want to be that person causing a problem. Exactly. Oh, you use DreamTable? That's awesome. David got two within about an hour hour. Tough to get venues. That's amazing. So guys, go check out dreamtable.co. Um if you're trying to find your hard to get reservation, dreamtable.co Oh, you can find it on the app store or you can just download it um just at dreamtable.co. Again, it'll help you get your hard to get reservation that you're trying to get. Look, there's so many beads in the trees. He's getting them out. I love that. I mean, they kind of look cool. They do look cool. I know. They're pretty. That is awesome. She does trip over imaginary curbs. It's true, David. This is why she can't drink. No, I'm just kidding. Just kidding. We love Jesse. I mean, sometimes I run into glass doors. It happens when you were streaming once. That's so true. Oh my goodness. That was funny. Oh my goodness. So funny. So, they do have concerts right here at the stage on every Saturday during Marty Girl. And we're coming up around here to where the start. The booths go all around. Not all around, but they go further than this. But there's a couple right here. So, we'll show you guys. Uh, let's see. We also have, who else do we have? Um, David's Vacation Club Rentals. dvcre request.com/tv dvcre request.com/tv you can rent a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost again at dbcrequest.com/tv you don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's we're going to head in here and get our AP magnet in the tonight shop yeah Joey Feton soon um yes isn't he opening night uh February 21st oh there was already night. Oh, we already went. Yeah. February 7th. And who was It says Cascade. Cascade. All right. Here we go. Let's get our Yeah. Let's get our magnets. Yeah, there you go. Love that, David. That is perfect. Were you on the float? No. Oh, no. Just watching. Oh, nice. Hello. Hi. How are you doing? Good. How are you? Good. Thank you for being a castle. Yeah. Thank you so much. Thanks. You, too. Here we go, guys. We got him. Woo! Woo! We did it. Do you see where it is? Yeah, Tim, you could you could definitely go see Joey. I was wanting to, but I won't be able to. That's okay. Here we go again. Feet. Don't fail me now. So, they do have two booths over here. So, we're going to go check out those booths. They have a drink station over here, which is really fun. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. It was like Frogger. Do I have any My name is name tags? I do not, David. I do not. So, here's where some of the good like frozen drinks are. We'll have to try those sometime. I smell something. Cajun mac and cheese. So, it'll be spicy. I do want to get the cat five sometimes. Those are always good. It does look good. And then they've got um this is where the beignet and the king cakes are right here. Those smell amazing. Also, espresso marginis. And I just love this booth. So pretty. Everything in this booth looks good to me. It does. I agree. Agreed. Oh, there goes the gator. Oh, wow. Tim is so ready to eat, he says. And we've got a beer garden here, so you can get different beers. Yeah, they've got it nicely decorated. Issa loves spicy mac and cheese. She put hot sauce into Annie's mac and cheese. Oh, not me. No spicies for me. That sounds good though if you like spice. True. True story. I do like that mac and cheese though. It's a good mac and cheese. This is really cute. Dale and I showed this. So cute. Didn't they do a good job with it? All the fake treats. There's even beignets over here. really cute. Adorable. Then we got the king and queen of Marty Girl over here. This is the king and queen. So pretty. I know. I'm surprised they don't do anything else with Marty GR, too, but maybe cuz Universal does. I don't know. Oh, it actually works. Okay, that's fun. That is fun. Oh, here's another booth. There's actually something over here I thought about. Oh, yeah. The gumbo. That's right. I forgot. The rice and beans are good to me, too. Rice and beans. And then we got um the Puerto Rico booth over here. Last year they had that really good grilled meat and I think they have it again. It was like bourbon sauce or I forget. We're gonna go look. Yum, yum. Char grilled pork shoulder with guava barbecue sauce, crispy sweet plantain and picad piccadilli beef fritters. And a pina yada. A pin yada. Have you guys seen that Tik Tok? This is my first pinata. And then a coconut fla. Okay. Everything looks good here, too. Addart. Aikart. One of each. Well, let's see. Let's go over here by the water. We'll go get a good view of the water and then uh yeah, I think there's a couple more booths that way. There was um fish and chips that were really good. They were actually meal size, like two big pieces of fish. Uh-huh. Okay. They were like, I think $16.99, but like it sounds sharable. It was two pieces, lots of fries. It was good. They should have an HHN Marty GR crossover and have the zombie Marty Gro king and queen and the infected gators chasing you. That's funny, David. I like that plan. I I like that. It's a great idea. Yeah, it really is. Thanks for hanging out with us still, everybody. Bop that like button. Subscribe if you're new. They still got the Marty girl music going. They're sweeping up all the confetti. Oh, funny. This was the tribute store. And now it's back to the arcade. Such a good song. That's right, Tim. Oh, awesome. John, have fun. Yeah, I probably couldn't have it. You're right, David. One year Disney had a non-dairy one, though, so I could have it. Don't out. They have a Bloody Mary um stand over here if you like those. I'm not a fan. They got it. I know. Oh, it should have been five nights. Well, let's walk them down to Harry Potter. Yeah. Give them a little view of that. I can't hear. Woo. That was loud right there. Yeah. This is so pretty though with the sun over there. Gorgeous. Um, so let's see. We also have Behind the Ride in Disney Demystified. These are books by David Mower. You can get them on Amazon. So, um you can, you know, impress your friends with the Disney knowledge. They um he has an ebook, hardcover copy, or even an audio book for Disney Demystified. So, go check it out, everybody. I wonder if they're doing an some kind of after hours event. I see this. Oh, it's just a thought. I don't know. There's also another table up here. I bet they are. Maybe that's why they're closing it so early. Yeah. Maybe. Yeah. I don't know. Does anybody know what kind of event they're doing tonight? Hi Tracy. Happy Wednesday. Yeah, actually, you know what? I think we're going to go ahead and wrap it up because we do want to get some dinner and it closes in 15 minutes. So, let's just go over here by the Wata. Uh, we're at maybe right over here. So, I'm sorry guys, it wasn't a super long stream, but we just wanted to do a couple hours and show you some of the fun uh Marty Gro festivities. They have some good food here, too. So, um, we could get some food here, but we'll be back and we're going to be on a float when we come back. So, thanks for hanging out. Thought you were saying maybe to lunchtime Nomad churros on F. Hey, I never say no to churros at Nomad. They're delicious. So, thanks for watching everybody. bop the like, share out the stream later, and go watch my Disney Springs vlog. So, if you missed it, Disney Springs vlog, if the U moppers can post a link to that, and uh you guys can go check it out right after the vlog or right after the stream. Go to the vlog. You know what I mean? The last stream I said go watch the vlog on Amazon. Yes. And we thought that was a good idea, right? Yeah. But you know, Amazon doesn't like that yet. Yep. All right, guys. Happy Marty girl. Thanks for watching. Thanks for sharing Anna for hanging out and uh the stars of the parade. Yep. That was official. Official. Exactly. So, all right everybody, we'll see you soon. Um we will be live Friday for Friday Night Live. All right. So, for now, have a big beautiful tomorrow. Bye. I go right now.
