---
video_id: 3i0OR5Bcuko
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: An Epic Saturday Morning at Magic Kingdom - Walt Disney World Live Stream"
published: 2026-02-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3i0OR5Bcuko
---
Hello everyone. Good morning. This is your favorite Monro Zack. Thank you for choosing your favorite highway in the sky, Monaco Green. Our next stop, the Magic Kingdom. Have a great day everybody. What do you think about it? >> You never actually in the kitchen. >> That's why I'm not going to let your dad even though I didn't have enough time. I try to have the castle. By the way, you already told that was fine. like >> wait. >> Look at me. Look at me. >> Oh my god, guys. Mickey Mouse. >> No, >> I don't want to be anyway. I want to do this. Sometimes I just like I was very like, "Oh my god, >> I went with my >> guys. This is so bad." like it's normal at some point and I was like I need to start doing something >> and then that's when I started like getting >> it was so bad. >> Oh yeah. I like the pink. >> And he's sure >> I'm going to win by the way. >> Get on my side. bigger. >> Could we even like as big as his land? >> Yeah. On my side, don't we? >> I win. You bet. >> All right, let's check the time. We bet the popcorn bucket on Main Street. Yeah. is now 45. >> It's done. I >> hope we're not riding that train. I've never >> I did it just cuz I wanted to go to Epcot anyways. Now I know you have to go to Epcot. >> I think it was All righty, my friends. Have a great day here at the Magic Kingdom. Good morning everybody. Hi, this is Josh with Resort TV1 and I'm live here at the Magic Kingdom. Hope you enjoyed the Montreal ride because it's always relaxing. So, if this is your first time joining us on a live stream, definitely be sure to uh hit the like button, subscribe if you're new. Join us. We do these streams several days a week and you can enjoy Disney live from wherever you are. So, it's a lot of fun. So definitely be sure to subscribe. Join us. >> And so far >> I had on the title rainy, but uh it's not really raining right now, so I'm not going to complain about that. That's a actually a good thing. So we're going to >> we're going to enjoy the the dry the dryness while we can. Looks like some of these touch points down here are pretty pretty empty. And as I got on the Montreal, the wait times were not too bad. So I would love to see if we can take advantage of some of those. >> Morning. >> Morning. You did it. And there one finger. >> Well, you missed it this morning. The rope drop. >> I know. I missed it. I did miss it. Yes. Wrong shirt. >> I have to miss a rope drop shirt on. I should have gotten up earlier. There goes the train, the Walter E. Disney going backwards because that's what it does. If you've missed it, um the train because of the Frontier Land, construction, Cars Land, Villains Land, the um train goes backwards just between Main Street and Storybook Circus. So there's no um there's no going full circle on the train anymore. So that's why it goes backwards. >> Oh, I hear the dance. >> Give us a dollar. >> That's hilarious. Okay. >> Well, we got to make him a little happier. >> Yeah, pretty happy. Let's get Let's take him over the edge with a great song about our pal. I'm changing my mind. >> You're too beautiful. I see it. It's written in the story. Dream tomorrow dream tomorrow shining every day there's a great big beautiful Tomorrow is just a dream of a dream in your heart reality. It's a dream come true for you and me. So there's a great big beautiful tomorrow and it's shining in the end of every day. There's a repeat beautiful tomorrow. Just a dream away. It's only just one dream. It's just a dream. Tomorrow is only one dream away. There it is. That was awesome. All right, let's go ride some stuff before the crowds get too bad. Let's see what we got going on here. All right, so we are Tron is 30. How's that even possible? Is Tron really 30? Tell you what, instead of I really do want to do that, but instead of doing that, I don't know. I probably would need to get here a little earlier to like really do that. It's probably longer than 30 cuz it it was it was um >> it was 40 something earlier. So that's why I'm just wondering All right, there's the double-decker bus >> working its way down Main Street. >> Okay. >> Need the rain. Yeah, we do, actually. All right, so let's see. I really do want to do it, but I was thinking like we could get a bunch of rides done if we just like go for it right now. If we do that one, then we're going to be by the time we get out of that one, it's going to be 10:00 and then everything else is going to be lined up more. I don't know. I have a hard time believing that it's really 30, but we'll see. Let's see. >> Castle looks good today. >> Look at that castle. All right, I think we're going to start with Haunted since it gets busy so quickly. I mean, I don't know. Go for it and then grab Coke. I do have my GoPro. I brought it to record rock and roller coaster. Ah, decisions, decisions. Peter Pan is actually longer than Tron, believe it or not. Let me see. Uh, Peter Pan is also 30. It's not longer. It's the same. What the heck? We never get to ride Tron. Let's just go for it. Let's just go for it. It's 30 minutes. It probably won't even be 30 minutes. I don't really want to like mess around with my uh gimbal and do all that stuff, but it's worth it to ride. >> Let's see. Let's see how bad it is when I get there. Snow already melted. Oh, we never had any snow here. It got It did get cold, but we never had any snow. So, no snow melting here. What the heck? >> Of course, everybody's going to see that 30 minutes of me running for it right now. That's literally where everybody's going right now. >> Here's a >> Oh, there's Chip. How fun. He's helping out the guest services team. >> How nice of him. >> What a helpful little chipmunk he is. All right. >> I still don't have the little uh I still don't have the chest mount that actually works with the with the phone that they will allow. They don't like mine because it's too it sticks out too far. The GoPro looks like it doesn't stick out as much. So, all good. But, okay, let's let's see what happens. I mean, maybe it's not that bad. We'll switch uh Hey, Jumpio. We'll switch connections when we get to uh >> when we get to the lockers. >> All right. So hopefully it's not too bad. Attention all visitors from >> All right. Oh, it doesn't look that bad at all. Holy cow. Maybe everybody thought it was going to be running or the race. A lot of the race people are still getting out of the race. Is Jenna practicing her parade wave? Yeah, she's doing that today. That's right. That's right. Lisa says even the line looks long. We'll probably be okay cuz Lightning Lane isn't as busy yet, so it should move quickly. Yep. Good call. It's worth it. Yeah. So, that's right. Let the record show it showed Let the record show. It showed 30 when I got in line. So, Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah, it's a neat section to hang out in. Somebody said they could hang out in this section all day. Yeah, I get it. Heat. Heat. Thank you. Thank you. So, my plan is to go over to uh after the stream to go over to Rocking Roller Coaster and uh film that one too on GoPro cuz it's going to close like what tomorrow or something. I don't know. That's the plan anyway. Check my GoPro battery here real quick. Well, I can't go on this ride. I love the music. And never mind how long the weight is for my grandchildren when they ride it. Nice. Okay, so we're good on GoPro. >> I'm going to go ahead and hook it up. Might as well have it ready. >> Yeah, the whole thing, the music, everything's intense. It's great. Yeah, >> Lightning Lane's not bad yet. You're right about that. Sorry, I'm trying to get the uh GoPro the the bolt to go in. >> It's not It's not going in. So, I'm sure the camera is pointed all kinds of crazy directions. All right. That's annoying. Oh, yeah. That didn't work. Hold on. All good. >> Apparently one-handed putting the GoPro on one-handed is not a thing. I got the strap. I got the strap on, but I cannot get the bolt to go in. There I got it finally. Yes, that's what I'm doing. No, Michael, that's what I'm doing. I'm going to I'm connecting the uh the phone to the GoPro. Yep, you got it. You figured it out. Okay, there we go. Resort budging says that's the kind of thing that makes time travel possible. Yeah, exactly. A bolt of lightning there. That's better. Oh, now it's up to 45. I figured it would do that. Oh well, it'll still be fine. Oh, now it says 60. Of course. >> Well, I don't think it's 60 from here. We're almost to the We're almost to the main gate here, so we should be fine. >> All right. So, I need to I'm going to check something cuz my iPhone is really really bad at signal and usually I connect the GoPro to that. But that's why I have so much trouble on Space Mountain. So, I'm going to check and see if the uh Samsung is able to do it. See if I can do the GoPro app on the Samsung really quick because So, the iPhone signal is just terrible for streaming. So, give me a second. Oh, heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. All right, we're back. I'm trying to um the GoPro right now. So, yeah, it looks good. Okay, I've got it going now. So, I'm going to switch off of it here in a second, but I just wanted to make sure it worked. So, yes. Okay, so I can do it on the Samsung. So, I actually have good signal. That's the good news. All right, I'm going to switch back to the main streaming app for now. Save a little GoPro power. We're moving pretty good. I think we'll be all right. Just give me just a second. That way we'll uh pull up good signal on the Samsung. All right, be right back. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh yes. >> All right, there we go. buzz and he's got all the Back to the Future jokes going on. He says, "Can we go back in time?" Yeah, got to get back in time. Okay, we're good. So, just have a couple more rows to go through. So, it actually shouldn't be that bad. Okay, everything looks good now. So, we're ready to uh Ready to rock and roll. And yes, the light lightning lane is still pretty uncrowded right now. So that'll help us move faster through here. We might get a time check on what time we got in line. Was it like 9:15? We might actually be right at 30 minutes on this. It definitely is 60. If you go back to the back, hey Shannon, wanted to be sure and say hi. Catching up on the all day stream from two weeks ago. Nice. That was a fun one for sure. Jenna's going to be in the Martyra parade today. We won't be streaming that, but she'll probably do a vlog of it or something. Yeah, that's uh today at Universal. Jenna's going to do the parade. She's going to be one of the bead throwers. I've actually never done that. One of these days, maybe. Going for lunch here and then go to another bar. What color cycle? I don't know. What is the What is the What's the color cycle? How's that working? Is that like actually >> Are they still doing the red? >> Yeah. Let me know. Is it like alternating? Do you guys know? I haven't ridden this for so long. >> They had the Tron Aries, you know, overlay and stuff, but I didn't know if they still were doing that or not. Hey Tracy. Hey Matt. Good to see everybody. a red in January. Okay, they're doing red in January. We'll see. I have actually seen mostly uh blue lately when I walk around here, but I don't know what that actually means. Stopped doing red months ago. Yeah, I it could be. I'm totally out of the loop. Somebody said they were doing it January. I think it is blue right now. Put the sunglasses away so I don't mess them up. All right. >> There. Google says no more overlay, but I could be wrong. Yeah. No, that's that matches what I've been seeing outside. It looks like when the uh when the coaster goes by, the light cycles, it looks like it's actually blue instead of red. Yeah. Heat. end of January 19th. Okay. Well, I'm glad I got a video of it then. Was pretty fun. Going to get my gimbal to behave. I've got it all messed up. >> That's the color of the beam mover. I'm usually team blue on the people mover. All right. Well, hopefully the lines for the other rides aren't too long still once we get out of here, but we'll see. TR is now 70. Peter Pan 25. Wow. Heat. Heat. Heat. How scary is it? Oh, I I like coaster, so for me it's not at all. I don't think there's anything scary about it other than it goes fast. Like there's nothing, you know? I mean, you're in the front row, you're kind of like flying. When you go out here into the main canopy, you're kind of you kind of feel like you're flying, but you're on a track. So, to me, it feels very controlled, but also very fun. How long have you been waiting so far? Um, that's a good question. Let's look. I'm going to go back and look. Somebody might have said in the chat, but I missed it. So, let's see how long we've been waiting. I can look in the live stream and I can rewind until we got back online and see how long ago that was. That includes some BRB time too. About 20 minutes. About 20 minutes. >> It's a very quick ride. It's Yeah. Like from gate to gate it's about 2 minutes, but actual time of like major movement is about 1 minute. So, stream till about 1:00 and probably have some lunch. That's my plan. >> No, it's just a throw ride. Nothing scary about it. No monsters, no, you know, nothing trying to get you. Just literally fast. >> Yeah, 20 minutes so far. So, I'm guessing it'll be about 35 minutes. Wait for this, which honestly for this ride is not bad. I mean, we're going to be in the pre-show by 20 20 minutes or 25 minutes cuz we're we're about to walk in there. This is very reasonable. I I got in here right at the sweet spot. Is any longer and it would have been uh 60 minutes. Does that thing not look like the bottom of a microscope to you guys? It does. It looks like the bottom of a microscope. The lens attachments. Acatron as long as it's seven dwarfs. Yeah. Difference is of course this one's a lot faster. So it it uses the track much faster. That's the problem with having a faster roller coaster is that the track is used up faster obviously. So faster equals more expensive or shorter or both. Hey Canadian Disney family. >> Yeah, that's a good point Lisa. Now we should be on the next room here. A thanks Canadian Disney family. You're the best. You know why? What ultimately ultimately made me what ultimately made me decide to um >> to ride this uh was um it just sounded like fun. >> Super young blue users at all times. Oh, wait. >> Attention users. You are about to be digitized into the world of Tron. For your safety in this world, all users should be in good health. You should be free from high blood pressure, heart, back. >> Welcome users space left to right, front to back. Fill in all the space. users, prepare to be digitized into the world of Tron Team blue, welcome to the ride from CT Games. >> Never ridden this before, so this is so exciting. It is. I will say that's one thing Disney does really well in this ride. It's just the excitement of it. Like it's like you feel like you're doing something major when you get on this. Rise is like that, too. I think nobody does that better than Disney. Make the make make you feel like you're in an experience. I mean, you know, there's some cool stuff in Epic as well, but this is like you feel like you're about to do something major when you walk in here. Like, wo, this is this is, you know, this is not a normal thing. This is like a really cool experience. You can tell already when you walk in. Okay. Oo, we're like moving. Nice. >> For your safety, remain seated on your flight. This >> should be just over 30 minutes wait time. >> Not bad for a Saturday morning. Hey Vicki in the air. We're on our way to Walt Disney World. Awesome. Well, I'm glad I can help you uh get excited for your trip that's literally going to start later today. The queue seems very bland. Like literally the opposite of what I just said. That's funny. >> Yeah. Whatever you think >> to me. I think it seems pretty awesome. >> New team blue me. Initiate profile. >> Initiate life cycle run upload sequence in 3 2 1 go. Welcome to Try Life, the ultimate competition on the grid. Before proceeding to the scene gym, all users must secure large items, including backpacks, purses, and hats in the locker before entering the room. Lockers are just open. You always walk to the first lockers because the last lockers because they're first on the other side. That's smart. >> Remember your unit number. >> I mean, there's parts of the flight of passage queues that are pretty boring, too, though. >> I think it just depends. But >> I think especially that first little opening entry area >> is really cool when you walk in through the pre-show. It just makes you really feel excited when you walk in there. >> And then the main loading area is pretty cool. >> Buzzer you Applebees. So funny. turns for your safety. >> And part of the experience is the music too and the, you know, just the overall ambiance of the place. You, you know, you hear the music and it kind of gets you like hyped up. The competition begins in team launch and onto the grid. Your opponents will be there >> to win. Every member of team blue must have energy gates before their opponents. Stick together. It's your only hope for victor. >> All right. >> In the life cycle run, there are winners. I love this part. >> And there are losers. >> Who are you? Who >> are you? >> Yeah, that's my only complaint. That's Spider-Man. Very, very valid complaint. It's a little short. I think, like I said before, the reasoning is probably just there's not room for a lot more track in this particular um area of the park. I mean because you know there's a road out there they had to kind of contend with. So they probably could have made it a little longer but it is a carbon copy of the Shanghai one for mostly a copy of the Shanghai one. So um Shanghai if you say it correctly but any either way yes it is short. I think Guardians has a great length to it. I think that's besides just being really fun. That's one of Guardian's biggest strengths is that it is very very um it's very very good length. you feel like you you really waited for a reason. >> Like you you know here if you waited 120 minutes you could definitely feel a little bit jipped but um >> keep moving all the way down. >> But waiting half an hour is perfect. All right, so we're going to keep moving. >> It is actually good to keep moving a little bit there. There's a bunch of empty ones down here. All right, let me see >> if I can I'm going to turn on the GoPro. There we go. There's a bunch of room down here. >> A little trick here for the Tron lockers, you have to push up against the uh the reader a little bit. You have to really push up against the reader. All right, so I need to switch connections. So, give me just a second. >> So, I'm going to switch over to the GoPro. It should take just a couple seconds. >> Be right back. Yeah. Heat. Oh, Heat. Heat. Oh, heat. Heat up likely work while I just walked out and then after twice go so twice now what happened >> everyone showed up guys how many you guys got one. >> Okay. >> Yeah, definitely. >> Sorry guys, that took a while. >> Want to rec, but Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. This is why I'm here. >> Sorry, I left something in my locker that I actually need. >> That was almost a really, really bad thing. >> How funny. >> Where did I put it? Okay, that was almost really, really bad. You're welcome. >> Okay, so I left my Samsung in here. Holy cow. I'm used to just having my iPhone with me. I left my Samsung in here and I need that because I have the hot spot on the Samsung. Holy cow. Okay. All good. Back to the left. Okay. >> Holy cow. That would have been really bad. I would had no signal. I almost left the streaming phone in the locker. Okay, I'm okay now. I'm fine. Fine. I've done this before. It's fine. Oh, whatever. Okay, here we go. I'm actually going to do this now. >> Yeah. So, I have to have the Samsung close by so that it'll actually, you know, I don't think it'll stream from the locker to me if I'm in the ride. Like our friend Ron always says it's my first day. I'm going ask for the front. This is worth it though for this ride. I got we got till 1:00. We got plenty of time to ride. Even if the lines get longer, we'll just do it. Yeah. The reason I want to use the Samsung was cuz the uh iPhone just it's great for like every day, but as far as like keeping a signal going for streaming, it doesn't do well. Oh, >> that's part of it. >> Apparently, I read the reason the iPhone isn't as good for um signal for streaming is that it's it's made for more general use and they've got the modem throttled so it doesn't overheat and stuff like that rather than it being where Samsung just kind of unleashes everything. Yeah, Samsung has a good range, but not that good. It's not going to go all the way into the building. >> It is surprising though how far you can walk away from a mobile hot spot. But yeah, not that far. Eventually, I'll get it working so I can just stream with my phone and not have to do all this. I just have to get the right equipment. And I can try my Ah, hey Andrew. Short trooper the grid. Yes, we're going to enjoy being digitized here in just a minute. >> GoPro is locked and loaded. Yeah, that could been doing that could have been a bad that could have ended with a lot of lag >> or whatever that thing is. >> I would have had to do a real quick switch over my iPhone. >> Oh, maybe that should have been a time so it knows it would have been able to book a new one. >> So, not only did it give us that And one of the things here about Tron that you um might not know or that you might like to know is that if you have trouble with the idea of kind of laying down on the light cycle, if that's something that kind of, you know, makes you feel uncomfortable or you literally think because of any, you know, kind of stomach or abdominal issues, you can't do it. There are um there are seats in the back, regular coaster seats in the back of most of the trains, not all of them, but most of the light cycle trains. So, all you have to do is just ask a cast member to be seated in the back on one of the regular seats. Uh that's also for anybody who doesn't fit well inside the light cycle seat. So, you can just sit in a regular coaster seat, enjoy the ride just like you would any other coaster. So, that's the good news. Obviously, you still have to be able to ride the coaster. You still have to be in like good health and all that. is still the same. But just because if like laying down is something that's not really an option for you for whatever reason. Um they do have that option is the the coaster regular coaster seats in the back. side all the way down. How many guys? >> Uh, one. Can I wait for the front? >> Yeah. >> Uh, left side all the way down. Oh, >> that's not bad. It's just a few trains here. >> Oh, you guys will get the best view. >> I was going to say don't care. Go drop stuff in 2 hours or four trains again. >> It would be faster if I didn't do this, but I think it'll be a much better view. >> Check our weight time. See how much they've gone up and sure they've all gone up. >> Not bad. I can get out here and do some rides. >> More rides. That is >> go home or whatever. Or if we go back in an hour, >> we go back today, take a break. So, if I had the line probably would have been more like 30 30 35 minutes if I hadn't had the uh issue of forgetting my uh forgetting my phone and then also obviously waiting longer for the uh front row. Yeah, >> you're going to see a great view downstairs at >> Cool thing about the GoPro is I wish the low light was better, but it actually does record a uh separate video, too. So, if there's any lag, I'll have a video of it later. Good that we're doing that. >> We don't have to go to Why? Why be like, "Okay, we got >> Yeah, it was a little over 30, but again, it was my fault for forgetting my phone and having to get back in line." So, I got obviously gotten behind in the line quite a bit when I had to mess around with my phone so much. Um, but I just walked right through the ride. Yeah, it would have been probably 35. So, that wasn't too bad. Obviously, can't blame weight times or Disney for my messing up. So, no, the weight time was pretty close, >> which is pretty cool when it went in the morning. It's hard to keep it consistent cuz, you know, people are getting in the line so quickly. It jumped obviously very quickly. So anyh who, >> there's two groups in front of us and then we'll be in the front. team. >> Yeah, it's definitely team blue. >> Well, I guess I guess technically last time with Aries it kind of took over, but now I think that's over. I think it's because they haven't trying to have the longest cute magic. I mean, a lot of times it has the longest wait time for sure. Yeah, I don't know. This ride is rarely stream. Thanks. Oh, yeah. You're welcome. That's a hard one to do. >> Yeah. All the ones that I've done, I'm like, "Yeah, >> yeah. But it's going to be >> All right, we're next. You're going to see that. But they do that. They used to be really cool. So smooth and fast like it'll be over. >> Yeah. A very quick ride. >> The front's the best way to do it. >> Yeah. So you you chose wisely. >> You're probably only going to ride it once. >> Well, there you go. That's the best way. All right, here we go. I'm going to put you guys away. Enjoy little ride. Okay, there we go. >> So fun. >> Yeah, it's awesome. Yep. >> Prepare for team blue light cycle run upload sequence. Remember, hold on, keep your head up, and face forward. Initiate in 3 2 1 First energy captured. Second. 3 4 Congratulations, Caesars. A championship performance and victory for team blue. Looks like it worked. Good deal. It's hard. >> Did you film it >> live stream? >> Oh, that's cool. >> Yeah. Well, we kind of did both, but they don't allow you to hold anything. So, I have to hook up the GoPro to my phone, and it's all like, did it work or not? And it looks like it did. >> Users, watch your step as your dismounted exit. Be sure to collect your belongings. Okay. >> Oh, yeah. It worked great, didn't it? Wow. Nice. I have to kind of lean up when I ride so you can see better. But yeah, it looks like that leaning up really helped a lot. >> You're not just seeing the the mic itself. Okay, good. Yeah, I learned that from the past. Oh, that was perfect. It's hard to aim when you It's hard to aim the camera when you can't see. Nice. Oh, I'm so glad that worked. So, I'm just using a GoPro with the chest mount and then using the GoPro app to live stream. It's dark inside for sure. That's the hard part. That's where the phone kind of shines. All right, cool. I'm going to switch back. I'm glad that worked, though. Sweet. So, let me just get the uh stuff out of the locker. Maybe I'll do it outside. It'll be a little easier. Then let's go ride some more stuff. All right. Make sure I don't lose my water bottles and stuff. I'm paranoid. Anybody else paranoid in lockers and mailboxes? I'm like, let me just shine my flashlight in here to make sure. No. Okay. Just me. Okay, we'll switch back to the gimbal here in just a second. This is fine for now. Actually, isn't that bad streaming with the GoPro? Hard part is you have to be careful what's in front of you. Like it normally I have the gimbal in front of me. So, like if I get my phone out and if there's something like private on there or a password or, you know, whatever thing, you know, a message from somebody or something, if I have the Oops, let's point at the ceiling now. If I have it on the uh GoPro for just a second. So, stay tuned. We'll be right back. Heat. Heat. Amen. Oh. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. All right, welcome back. Let's go ride some stuff. back on the normal camera and we are rocking and rolling. Okay. All right. That was totally worth it. So, yeah, Pirates is still a walk-on. Haunted is 15. Tiana is 10. Let's head over to that side. Well, let's walk by Haunted on the way over there and just see what it looks like. We could probably jump in there before Pirates and we'll see what happens. Was it uncomfortable to ride upright? No, not at all. I just had to lean up a little more. I wasn't even up that much. Like I obviously would never want to be unsafe or anything. I was just up a little bit. So no, it was fine. Uh, Trisha, congrats on one month of Robert Bronze. Thanks for the best live streams in the world. Wow, thank you. That's a big compliment. I appreciate that. Yeah, it is clearing up. I'm going to change my title, honestly. Uh, all you have to do is call it a rainy live stream and then it's not. See, maybe maybe that's the strategy. That's a new strategy. >> That was fun. I'm glad it worked. That would have been a lot of waiting for no workie. There goes the train. Forward this time. >> Excuse me. I don't see any blips now or but or on the ride. >> Oh, actually I need to switch something anyway. I forgot to put I forgot to put something on. Give me just a second. Yeah, the music's so great. >> All right, we'll be right back. Well, well, world launch high above tomorrow. >> Stitch, did you break Space Mountain? >> No, Bleakley did. Oh, no. >> Oh, Bleakley did. >> Yeah, >> he followed a mosquito in there and you know >> that's Oh, >> wow. Well, I'm glad it wasn't ST. That's good. to your right hand playing cornhole. That's so fun. I love the character interaction. Like, isn't that fun? It's like character interaction and character games. That's fun. So, it was not stitched. He did not break >> Space Mountain. I have it on good authority. >> Congrats on 18 months of reser bronze. Wow. Feels like yesterday. Been watching for years since right after CO hit. I'm so grateful for this channel. Well, thank you. We are so grateful for you. Cuz without you guys, there wouldn't be any reason to even do this. I'd be talking to myself. I mean, that's how it looks anyway, but I'm actually not. I'm actually talking to over 2,000 other people. Well, way over 2,000, cuz I always assume there's a lot of that 2,000 where there's more than one person watching on that device, especially if it's a TV. Not all, of course, not all of them, but I'd say there's definitely more than actually 2,000 people watching right now. There's there's probably a couple at a time on some devices. So, this will be fun. Let us know. Pick up another device if you're on a TV and let us know how many people are watching with you. If it's just you, you can put one. Um or like if you're watching on a phone by yourself, that's that's fine. But if you're like with more than one person, how many people are watching? Even if they're not like actively watching, how many people are watching? You know, people are walking around doing work, whatever. How many people are watching with you? >> Let me know. Am I going to run mine and dine? No, I'm doing the race in April, though. I'm doing the uh the 10K. So, I got to figure out how to uh I got to get like all ready to go for that. got to get all >> Does it count as if I have it on my TV and laptop? No, that's and that's fine. There's there's there's some people watching on more than one device, too. So, it works. It does work. But either way, uh here you can see the uh update here. So, we have four. Hey, Mom. How are you guys? Good morning, mom and dad. Uh Lor's got one, one, one, three, one, four, four, two. >> PJ, Mr. did a shot of what it looks like when he's filming in the parks and talking to himself. Yeah, I mean, I've seen that of course firsthand several times from from other vloggers and and him and everybody else. So, yeah, I know what it looks like, but yeah, it is funny. Four, one, one, two, two, one human, three dogs. That counts. One, two, two, two, three, two. There's dad. One, one, two. I can spin some AI bots. No thanks. Two, two, two, three, two, one, two, two, one, one, two. We're hanging in there. Good. One, two, two, one. Good. Well, Dad and I and Dale and I think Andy are going to watch a baseball game tomorrow. and Liam, of course, uh we're going to do that tomorrow. So, I got to figure out what time we got to leave for that. But that's going to be super fun. >> Josh, turn down the volume. Wait, what? All right. Five. Wow. Trying live stream is awesome. Two cats. Five. Three. Nice. Wow, it is clearing up. Going to be a sunny sunny Magic Kingdom stream pretty soon. That's okay. We'll take it. It is nice and cool though. 6 332. Wow, lots of you guys. I love it. Leaf is on. Got the TV on. My husband and I met you last Saturday in ENK after the flag ceremony. So glad we finally ran into you. Yeah, for sure. That was from uh Caitlyn Patricia. Hello, Emma 6. Yeah. See, there's way more than 2,000 people watching. That's awesome. >> Cuz even even if it accounts for like people that have one more than one device, I think it still outweighs >> it's outweighed by the people who have more than one person watching on each device. including animals. There's 10. Wow. Did you see that banana ball was coming to ESPN? Oh, really? Was that Savannah Banana? Is that what you're talking about? The the minor league team. They're so fun. All right, let's head. It's probably Han is probably going to be two lined up here pretty soon. We We took a while to get to it. Then again, if it's 15, we'll obviously go for it. We always watch some TV and chat with phones and iPads. Yep, that's the way to do it. You can't really You can see the chat on the TV, but obviously you can't like type anything. So, that's the that's the hard part. >> Wow, they had the costumeuming thing down. That's funny. Good for them. Latron was especially impressive. What's your favorite quick service place to eat? Probably Cosmic Race, but I also really like Harbor House. The fish and chips are really good. So, >> I like all the things. >> And even Pinocchio is good. Although the the flatbread pizza is is fine. It's not my favorite. anymore. Have you done it? >> Um, but it is okay. Oh, well that's not 15 minutes. That is 100% not 15 minutes. Okay, so we will we will venture onward. Yeah, that's what I was thinking after we did prawn that would be happen. But honestly, it was totally worth it. They just haven't updated the wait time on on it. It's out. If it's outside, it's uh at least 30 40 minutes. >> If you really want to rope drop, like like I didn't actually rope drop, but if you really want to rope drop and get here like right at 8 or even 7:30, you can run to Tron, you can run to Mine Train, and you can get quite a bit done, honestly. Especially if you're staying in a resort, you can get here and even though there are a lot of people that also do that, it's not enough to like bog the rides down. There's a lot of rides here. So, that's a huge tip is that you can definitely Oh, there's Big O. I don't see him walking around outside very much. Yeah, you can definitely save a lot of time just by getting here super early. Big Al. >> Big Al's the best. >> Got just go. There's his butt. Oh my gosh. The walk around characters, man. That's They've really stepped that up. A huge credit for that. Cuz for a while we were saying, "Why does Disneyland get that?" And we don't. But we really the fun and games in Tomorrowland with with Stitch and and Chip and Dale and their space outfits like that's that's awesome. And it's not a huge Yeah, it's not a huge undertaking really. It's just a just a few people required to make that happen. But >> I don't know. I I really am impressed with that. It's like a lot of fun to see. And then they even got games out there with the cornhole game. >> Hello Amy. Standing Resort is definitely a benefit. Yeah. And even if you don't, you can get here. They'll still let you in at 7:30, but you don't you you can't get on the rides, but then you can go right literally at the actual rope drop, which is 8, and then you can start getting on rides. The fact that they open Magic Kingdom at 8 to everybody actually does help. It used to be 9:00. That extra hour of people willing to get up, it helps. Now, you know, for me, we were out last night, so I don't usually do that, but still. All right, there's Tiana. Now, let's do our pirates for now. It doesn't look like it's too long right now. It's a long hike from Tron to Pirates. >> It's like a cavalcade's about to start. Probably 10:30 then. >> They look like they're really like actually getting ready for it. Oo, Beignet line is intense this morning. Breakfast of champions. That's the best thing to do. However, Tron doesn't open till park open. You can walk into the queue, but they Oh, okay. So, the probably the best thing to do then, thank you for that clarification, then probably because I haven't been here to do that, probably the best thing to do would be to run in at 7:30 and do mine train and then run over to Tron and be in there. You know, you won't be first, but you don't have to be. You'll just be in there before the first giant crowd hits. I think that's enough. you can get multiple views. Oh yeah, we don't want to do that, Christopher, though. We don't want to cheat the system. >> We want all the views to be real. But I know you're not advocating for that. You're just explaining it from a technical standpoint. But yeah, definitely not encouraging anybody to do that. So, we want to follow the YouTube rules. Oh yeah, this isn't bad. >> Good morning. Yeah, this will be quick. >> Is You'll be here and I'll be there. That's very easy. trying to pirates his hike. Do you ever look how many miles you walk? I don't know. Is there a way on the iPhone like health apps to do that? To look at how many miles for a month? I don't know. Let's see how many steps today so far. According to my watch, according to my watch, it's that so far. And I don't even know how accurate that is just because sometimes I don't, you know, swing my arms like a normal walking person since I'm trying to hold a gimbal steady. when we did the every the every ride challenge before I was streaming um the actual like we did we actually did do it we did all the rides in one day uh my friend Tosh and I and uh it was I want to say it was 38 or 39,000 steps for the day and then if you count the whole experience cuz we actually did it over more than one day like technically cuz you know we finished at like 12:30 a.m. and then had to walk out of the park and everything else. So it was it was one 24-hour period, but it was spread over two calendar days. Um anyway, the point is like it was even spread over one opening period. It was actually one operating day, but uh we had the extra magic hours till one. And so the point is um I had about 39,000 steps and then if you add it all together, it was like 43,000. I think the total was like 23 miles. So that was probably the most I've ever walked here that day was Yeah. 23 miles, which is crazy. It's like walking almost to Lakeland where we used to live. >> Walking mile takes 2,00 to 2500 steps. Okay, >> that sounds about right. working stuff to finish up and watching. It's more fun to work. Yeah, >> that is true. like a like right how they get everything. I know. I know. We >> were there for two weeks at the end of December, early January. I turned on my calculator, my steps, and according to the app, I walked 91 miles. Yeah. Over a week or so. That's very possible. go to ride at CTA for sure. >> And I could have skipped Tron and I could have gone on I probably could have knocked out Haunted Mansion, Tiana, this one and probably maybe gotten in line for Peter Pan. But I think Tron is pretty awesome. It's pretty worth it. And this one's moving pretty quick cuz most people aren't using their lightning lanes on this at the beginning. >> Now you guys know mega said people maybe you know probably like uh Dcast, thank you so much. >> Um $20. Thank you for showing additional rides and programs, especially the Tiki Room. Good work. Yeah. Yeah, we did that a couple weeks ago. We did Tiki Room. Yeah. Thank you. And showing Tron, of course. We don't normally do that, so I'm glad you enjoyed it. Thank you for the super chat. H2O to yourself. Use Mickey travels. Yeah. Hey, Princess Kristen. You're welcome for streaming this morning. So, yeah. Um, we should talk about that though. We have Mickeyas.com, one of our awesome sponsors. They will help you book your next trip to Walt Disney World or any Disney park or cruise. They got all the the best tips and tricks and they will help you again book that next trip to Walt Disney World or any park or cruise. So go check out mickeytras.com. Again, that's mickeyras.com. Go check him out. >> Hey, Robert. How are you? Good to see our friend Robert. He was nice enough to get Steph a laptop. really nice laptop courtesy of our friends at U Layer 1 Technology which is his business. So go check them out too. We got they offer support here in Central Florida for small and mediumsiz businesses. So if you're looking for that, you definitely check them out. I can email them really easily. Support.com and that's support onetone.com. But yeah, good to see you, Robert. >> Well, I told Steph I might accidentally steal that laptop and trade her with mine. Mine's really nice, too. But yeah, she's like she's thrilled. No, eventually I'm looking for a graphics card upgrade to get my videos to render faster. That's the most important thing. >> Oh, I love the Q music and piracy. Yeah, for sure. >> We can try and get a 3090 or a 4090, but they're kind of expensive. The 3090s are not bad. They're they're um about 7800 bucks which is a lot but still not as much as a 4090 that's about 12-500 and then a 5090 that's about 2,000. So >> yeah, Robert, you knew me too well. I looked at the specs. >> I like that's a that's a nice one. No, actually she needs that one cuz she uses it more and she has it has that one has a really good >> Lunar Lake battery life. >> Get a 5090. Exactly. You put the dollar sign in front of it. It's so expensive. No, that's the best buy though if you can because it's got all the VRAM. And if you want to do any AI stuff in the future, you need that VRAM. And Nvidia doesn't look like they're making any new graphics cards anytime soon. They're focusing all on corporate stuff. >> One of these days I'll get one. But my 3060 is working fine now. 3060 Ti walked out and find a nice PC at Best Buy that I couldn't buy the parts for the price that came with a 57, which is much better than my older 2080. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, 570 is good. They got uh 16 gigs of VRAM, which is better than my 8 gigs. >> Sometimes that is the case. You can find a complete system >> and the system integrators will be able to get a better price on the graphics cards. Anyway, tech talk. Got the EVGA 2080. Yep. That's still a good one. >> From what I understand, it cost him quite a bit to even make the 5090. So, I get why it's so expensive. But still, I read somewhere it cost him like at least $1,000 to make it. I don't know. Hi, Colin. So they switched I told you right No, Jenna's not going to be on the stream today. According to the it's about $500 to $800. Okay. Yeah. So, it wouldn't have to be quite $2,000 then. But hey, you know, supply and demand and all that. It wouldn't be if it wasn't so in demand, but here we are. probably stream till um >> about 1 hopefully. That's >> Oh, hi Josh. >> How are you? >> Good. >> Oh, thank you. Appreciate it. >> Surprises you in here. >> Yeah. Yeah. It's not too bad yet. So, >> well, nice to see you guys. >> Enjoy. >> Yeah, there is the assembly part of it. >> And apparently they shut it down. All right, here we go. Right. Right. >> Oh, I'm sure. Yeah, I'm sure it's going to start feeling better. It is funny though. >> Yeah, it's just after running that far, you definitely have a little bit of uh a little bit of uh soreness and stuff that's going on. So, that's kind of hard. But I need to train up for the the 10K a little bit just so I can make sure and be in shape enough to get through it. >> I can probably get through it with a runw walk, but I just need to be able to make sure that I can get through it without too much training. You wish you had smell a stream. Yeah, I know. It has a good smell in here. >> Oh, no worries. Yeah, I'm going to probably go till about 1:00. So, you still have time for a little while. I'm going to go probably do a film of um film a rock and roller coaster and stuff. go in there, you know, like I really take care of it and like 6 hours. Almost there. I'm almost done with projecting. Remember that space Open your room. He doesn't like they have regulations. So he can only shower only. Billy says, "Thank you for going to Rock and Roller Coaster. One of my favorite rides." Aerosmith is one of my favorite bands. Yeah, we're going to miss it. I know the Muppets are going to be fun, but I want to get one more ride on it. I'll try and do the GoPro a little bit. >> No, it probably you probably won't be able to see that much, but We'll try it anyway. We're driving around like no feeling. No, don't kill my boots. Don't kill me. Not the same way. When you're little, how many one. Can I request the back? Is that be okay? >> I don't know how many. >> The front's already taken. So that way I don't have to wait anymore and I can still be in the back and not bother anybody. Excuse me. >> Pirate sneezes. Oh no. >> Thanks everybody. All right, Virginia, you got to get that one started. Go get those done on Saturday. >> Keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs. All right, here we go. >> Enjoy the ride. for your safety. Keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the watch your children and pictures. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. very good. Thank you. Heat. Heat. They're driving. again. Come on. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. you cockroaches. Surrender Captain Jack Sparrow City will It's up your white flag. This is my genius. Put your gently walk around. Don't you scurvy skull. Do I hear 10? A hen for a 10. >> For the ride. as well. to see the local captain tax years down only what's got the guns I'm stuck against the treasure and no mist. Staying underneath. I am the pretty much your What is wrong? Stay steady. See that story? I raise a toast to all this young devil's black Benn treasure enough for all this. >> All right, that was fun. >> That was good. Okay. No way. >> You can tell what danger does. The face has spoken and guided you well till we meet again. All right, I think I'm going to take a quick restroom break and then we'll continue our little tour. >> I'll be right back. >> Oh, hey Ticker Man fan. Oh, we had a we also had a membership milestone. Yeah, Jason Zamrichi 19 months resort opera bronze. Good morning all. Happy Saturday. Wild. It's March already tomorrow. Yes, Jason, it is. And thank you for being a member for 19 months. That is super awesome. All right, BRB time. I'll be right back. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat. Heat. Heat. chicken. >> All right, welcome back. So, it looks like Tiana Tiana Tiana is uh 10 minutes. So, let's just go do that. >> Even if it's a little longer than that, it's not not bad. So, here we go. >> See everybody walking around with their medals and stuff on from the 10 10k this morning. I'm glad they got to do that. I guess Disney knew what we didn't that the that the actual weather was really going to hold off. So, it did. >> The beignet line is still pretty long. >> Got to subscribe to Disney's weather service. >> Good morning, hoppers and moppers. Finally, a nice morning, Western New York. Then more snow. Oh, no. And Mars says back in front, side to side. Fling your partner dosey do. >> And no, I don't know when Big Thunder will be opening. I don't. But hopefully soon. There's more. Look there at the construction. Not really too much different than last time. A giant hill by Haunted Mansion certainly is unsightly, but I'm sure they'll turn it into something cool eventually. >> All right. It says 15. No, that's not still fine. All right, here we go. >> Hey, Sharon, welcome in. Okay, we're going this way. Hey, good morning Susan. Good morning, Sharon. >> Morning to everybody. Our moppers are here. >> We appreciate them so much. >> All the moppers, that's our moderators if you're wondering. Keep the streams family friendly and good to go. >> Watching from Minnesota. Thanks for a great stream. Paul, >> Brandy, James, and Paul. Double Paul. It's a double pole. >> What music is used during the BRB when you survive the story? Yeah, that's the uh in Mars, right? It's the castle area music actually that plays inside the castle. It also plays sometimes on the ferry boat. But yeah, that is officially the Cinderella castle music. >> Oh no, they didn't cut. They had somebody already up there. They were meeting they were meeting somebody. That doesn't bother me. Life is too short. That's why I went around them because they were they were opening the rope so they could get caught up to their um rest of their party. >> Started off playing, you know. >> You know why? >> That was pretty good. You can do uh >> can do Tiana and Tron in the same day. So here >> there's our river boat. There's a bear for Bear. There's a rabbit, fur frog. Where's the fox? >> That's representative of all the Splash Mountain stuff there. >> I love looking at the old stuff on the desk where there's like different like a ring of stamps. Do you remember that? Oh my gosh. As a kid, I thought all that stuff was so cool. I'm >> going in my dad's office or whoever's office and you can see all that stuff. Definitely need to ride this next time I come to Disney World. Princess is one of my favorite animated movies. Yeah, Tiana is one of your favorite princess. Yeah, I would think that would be a no-brainer then. Moved away from Florida over four years ago, so I love watching the streams. It's like I never left. Nice. Oh, you will really Yeah, the secretary desk are always cool. Yeah, this ride is great. I obviously miss Splash Mountain because it was also great, but this ride is is really fun. >> We didn't rope drop Costco. I know sometimes you need to And then they're going to come back and then a little guy's day. I was going to say I know it's right here. I'm not really >> Yeah. Keep subscribing. We're actually finally about 300 away from uh 214K. So, we're starting to get out of the uh January and February downtimes. And yeah, like somebody said, we're already in uh almost in March tomorrow. So, we're finally going to get into the uh the busier time of the year when people start planning their trips and watching the streams and all that kind of stuff. January and February are always down months for us. Now we get in the back. >> I'm going to take out Rainy from our stream title cuz it didn't actually rain last night. It looked like it was going to. >> There we go. >> Think I did it. I fixed it. >> Perfect. >> Okay. they have slippery. >> Oh, thanks. >> That's really, really, really slippery. and gross on the floor. Yikes. Be careful. >> I don't have the best traction on my shoes either. >> He seemed super concerned about that. >> I know. >> No, it really was. I'm glad you said that. I'm like, yeah, my shoes aren't really very traction either. So, >> I'm like, oh god. Anyway, I'm worried about you because you'll have your pants. >> You like that part? >> Oh, yeah. The AC feels good. Oh yeah, they may get wet. That's the same as like they're similar to the one that was on Splash Mountain. >> Hey y'all, for your safety, please keep your hands on screen and legs inside the vehicle. Remain seated and super sign up here says women in assault mines. Please uh call for help if you're in a pinch. Caught in a pinch. This is actually a really quick line for this ride this time of day. That's awesome. >> Epic morning arrives. That's right. Tiana and Tron on the same stream. Who knew? >> Oh, you can't say we ride the same rides every stream. I mean, we kind of do sometimes, but at least we did some different ones this time. >> Yeah. >> Hey y'all, Louis here. For your safety, please keep your hands, arms, feet, legs, and tails inside the vehicle. Seated in the back. Yeah, welcome back. Sorry, we we got stuck in the lag spot. >> There was nothing. No Wi-Fi, no nothing today in there. >> But it gets better as we come outside. when he got off everyone else moving down to the next cast. Keep moving all the way forward. Down to the next cast member. One. >> Perfect. Just straight on down to the next one. >> One is at the front. >> Front's fine. Why not? All right, here we go. >> Let's do it. You guys laugh. If I'm wet, it's warm enough. It'll dry pretty quick. All right, here we go. Time to ride. Oh yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. right here. NI the Hey, let's join for a celebration to the welcome. Here we are. Musician look. >> Hello. Any musicians down here who want to dance? The party is about to begin. But I don't care. Trials and tribulations come true. You got a majority looking for tell you so bad. There it is. I know, right? Yeah, I was right. There are musicians out here and they are good. I would love for y'all to play my part tonight. Heat. Heat. Let me catch your word. Heat. Heat. I'm asking all of them to play at the party, but we've got to keep searching high and low. >> How long can I go? I was a big Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Wow, this train is coming. Heat. Heat. Don't you say this time I think you but invite your little friends the tag on. Hope you enjoy getting woo. Woo! Heat! I did it. >> The whole time the whole time >> every time like there's one picture we have where like when you saw it he was like this like he was like Wait till you see it. >> I did. >> We went hands up. We did it. >> I mean, I didn't get >> I mean, it's my face. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right now. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. party. See y'all again soon. I see you. Really not like some rides where it's over. >> Oh yeah. Come on in. >> Okay, there we go. There we go. That was awesome. I think the camera got wetter than I did. That's all right. Sweet. I say that. I think that's a great ride. Oh, wow. It got way busier. We hit that pretty good. Yeah, somebody's joking about the title that I I think I'll probably change it to uh something else like an adventuresome Saturday or something. Epic. Uh yeah, not necessarily relaxing, but that's okay. And somebody was saying there's too many screens, you know. I mean, there are more obviously there were zero in Splash Mountain, but I think the the the crazy thing a lot of people don't realize is there are more animatronics in that ride than there were in Splash Mountain. Um so that is one positive thing. There are a lot of animatronics in those rides in that ride. So, >> so no, I'm not soaked here. Let me see. >> Let's switch over. >> Not bad. >> Mostly get wet. Just get hit in the face with it a little bit, but it's not too bad. Disney fan and fan of Harry Potter and Back to the Future. Yeah. All the all the good things. You You got them all. I mean, there's more than that. There's also Star Wars and things, but yeah, there's a lot of lot of good things there in that statement. Make a splash. >> It's kind of an homage to Splash Mountain a little bit. Let me make sure the lens is clean. >> All right, should be good. >> Shortcut to the bayou. Yeah, I love that the rain held off, too. >> All right, it's pretty good ride, too. We didn't have too much lag. Just a little bit right at the beginning and maybe a tad in the middle somewhere, but no, it was pretty good signal on that one. All right, let's see what's next. We've done quite a bit. It's probably going to be it's it's about it's just past 11:30, so the the wait times are going to be longer now for sure, especially as it gets warmer. We hit Tiana at the exact perfect time. 30 minutes now. Excuse me. So, Pirates is down, but we already got that done. Honest 35. Maybe people mover time. Yeah, do some people mover and some some chill relaxing time. I think that'd be good. All right, so let's head head on down the road. Yeah, definitely don't forget to subscribe if you're new. If you're enjoying the stream, I saw somebody earlier. I couldn't read cuz we were about to start a ride, but um I saw somebody in here earlier that said that it was their first time on the stream and we're really enjoying it. So yeah, welcome in. If you're first time, bless you again. Thank you. It's your first time on the stream. Uh we're glad you're here. If it's your 200th time on the stream, we're glad you're here. Thanks for continuing to put up with me. >> I'm sat in my living room in the UK with my magic band on, pretending I'm there with you. Hey, no judgment. That's pretty awesome. Why not? Why not? Indeed. All right. There's only two on my left. >> Every time I come out of one of those rides that my eyes have to get used to the bright light again. It's so bright. All right, let's go this way. >> Some point we'll probably do a castle painting update. It's been a couple weeks now since we did our last one. all the villains and it's just like >> Okay, that was fun. >> All right, I'm going to change very quickly. change the connection so I can save some battery power since I'm done with some of the rides that need all the things. So, give me just like a couple seconds to do that. I'll be right back. Heat. Heat. Oh, you might And welcome back. >> What' you throw yesterday? You threw a unicorn. >> Random exploring. Give me all the weight times. Yeah, we'll see. We'll maybe get over to some of those here in a bit. the small world and the Little Mermaid. Yeah, we'll see. I think I'm going to do 2K for now, though. Little Mermaid has not been great with my signal lately, but we shall see. It's actually better on AT&amp;T, but I I couldn't justify paying 80 bucks a month to stream one ride every once in a while. So, I was like, "No, we can't we can't do that anymore." My AT&amp;T line, because I was only one line on the AT&amp;T plan, it was 80 bucks a month for that. And I was like, "That's just kind of a waste of of money at this point for one ride or two." >> AT&amp;T is a little No. Yes. Way. AT&amp;T is a little uh a little better on Space Ship Earth, too. But >> T-Mobile will make it. So anyway, tomorrow's March 1st. When do we spring forward? It's usually sometime in March. We will see. >> Yep, the crowd has increased. Everybody's awake now. >> Done with the race. Back to the park. It is funny cuz without the race this weekend, it probably wouldn't be that busy of a weekend, but they they find they found the least crowded they found the least crowded weekends and they put races on them. Pretty smart, actually. So, otherwise, there's not as much going on this weekend. >> All right. >> Yeah, T-Mobile is great. A lot of people used to hate on because they used to not be good, but they've really stepped up their game. They're faster and more consistent than AT&amp;T almost all the time now. It's a little little uh not so hidden secret. They just struggle indoors a little bit sometimes. That's the only thing. >> Hey, Rich. Welcome in everybody. >> We appreciate you. >> We appreciate you for being here. I don't know why I sound like I was in the Country Bears Jamberee there for a second, but it's fine. All those poor plants. Really hard to believe we lost whole trees. Although it may be some of those may some of the trees may come back. We'll see. It is funny. >> They're like right here where you can get Sunshine Tree Terrace. >> You guys want to >> Don't forget to subscribe if you're new as we're walking through here. And again, hit the like. That helps the stream. You can do that every single stream. Hit the like and show YouTube you are enjoying the stream. >> Everybody was like >> All right. >> Also, talk about some of our other awesome sponsors. We have um besides Mickey blog and mickeytravels.com, we also have resorttv1homes.com if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida. Just go to resortbomes.com and click on contact us, one of our expert realtors. We'll help you find your dream home here in Central Florida. Again, that's resorttv1homes.com. resortbomes.com. Click on contact us. We've already got one house closing next week. >> So, you could be the next one >> or not next week, sorry, next next month in March. So, definitely check it out. resortv1homes.com brokered by expy. uh cruise sponsors. So, actually with the cruise, you can just do um you can just use Mickey travels. Mickey Travels books cruises, too. They book park vacations and cruises. So you can just go to mickeytras.com to book your next Disney cruise. They do that. >> And again, they'll answer all your questions, too. If you're like, "Hey, is it better to go now or then? When are the prices better?" Like, they'll answer all those questions for you. So, you don't have to do all the searching. You don't have to trust the AI chat bots because, you know, sometimes they don't have the newest information. AI, you know, chat and chat dbt are great for some things, but getting the latest information, you want to really talk to an agent, a travel agent, and you don't pay more either. That's what a lot of people don't know about Mickey travels. You don't pay more at all. You just pay the regular amount and they get paid by Disney. >> So, we'll go check out the castle paint job maybe after this. Uh, I couldn't see any difference in paint in the front, but we'll we'll look at it here in a minute. I didn't look closely enough. It's so crazy to see the moat drain. Of course, they learned when they built Disneyland that if they just had dirt at the bottom of the uh rivers and stuff, the water would just would just absorb right into the ground a lot of times. And so, uh, that wasn't good. So, they put the concrete there to keep it from doing that. Here comes Monsters Inc. I saw the crowd over there like, "Wait, Buzz Lightyear is not open." But no, it's not. It's Monsters, Inc. All right. >> All right. Look at that Magic Kingdom stream. We didn't ride People Mover until almost 3 hours in. By the time we get on it, it probably will be 3 hours. See, there you go. Got find the end of the line here. >> Oh, this is kind of busy. Definitely. Uh, they need to loop the the line around a little bit. It won't take too long. It'll be 10, 15 minutes. 15 maybe. This way. >> Space Mountain lights will probably be on. You bet it's 20 minutes. Well, we'll see. It is now 11:51. >> 11:50 technically I got in line. So, we will see what the end result is. It looks nice, right? It's a good day to be in Magic Kingdom. I agree. It's not too hot because it's a little overcast, but >> it's also warm enough, so it's just right. I'm >> changing the title of the stream again. An epic Saturday morning. >> How's that? And >> of course, after the stream, we'll be sending you to the 24/7 channel. I'm still hard at work on the ride stream. I've got a lot of rides. I think there's over 40 rides on there now. So, you're not going to see the same, even if it's the same ride, you're not going to see the same video or the same ride um too many times. So, it's going to be super fun. I'll have a 24-hour ride stream up here in the next couple weeks. I just want to make sure I have most of the rides on there. I mean, obviously, I can always add some, but I want to make sure it's a it's a good enough list to where it doesn't feel like it's just all repeats. >> Oh, Rainy was gone a long time ago. >> You just have to close and reopen the stream and you'll see the new title. I mean, according to the weather last night, it was going to be rainy. So, you know, Disney knew something we didn't when they went ahead with the race. >> I thought Rock and Roller Coaster Sunny said closed tomorrow. Okay. I think Muppets will be cool. Yeah, I think it will be. I think Muppets will be really cool. >> But I wanted to go at least do it one more time. >> So you okay? That's some blue sky. >> Oh yeah, we got 1,000 likes. Wow, that was quick. And I love my finger. really intergalactic revolution. Uh, Dominican Marine $20 super chat. I miss one Saturday morning being a '90s kid. One of the best things about waking up on Saturday. Oh yeah, one Saturday morning. Yeah, that's right. The um the cartoons and stuff. Yes, I remember now. Also, I remember loving to go home on Fridays to watch TGIF on ABC 90s good times. Yeah, for sure. Absolutely. Oh, thank you for the super chat, uh Dominican Marine. That that helps a lot. We appreciate that very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Very good. Oh, rich with busy people. Yeah, it's Saturday. Saturday afternoon. It's after the the morning rush gets in. So, it's a definitely a lot of the rides back up around 11:00. >> Oh my gosh. Speaking of really generous super chats, my goodness. Thank you. Uh, illusion versus reality. $49.99, $50. Former and future cast member uh in 5 years at retirement. We thank you for all you and your sis do to help us feel closer to the magic. Well, thank you. Wow, that's so nice. Really appreciate that. >> Illusion versus reality. Thank you so much. It's a great name and uh that was very very generous. Thank you so much. Let me hit the uh selfie mode here. There we go. Thank you. Very kind. So, I appreciate you guys' support. It's very, very nice. But, um I'm almost dried off. See? See, it didn't last long from Tiana, especially on a day like today with a nice breeze. But anyway, thank you. Really appreciate it. And uh hope you guys are enjoying the stream. So, so far we've done Tron, Pirates, and Tiana. And now People Mover. See, what other sponsors do we want to talk about? Uh, we have a couple more. So, the next one I'd like to talk about is um, next one I'd like to talk about is uh, David's DVC Rentals. dbcrequest.com/tv. If you want to rent a DBC room, come some birds. Want to rent a DBC room for a fraction of the cost? Just check out David's DVC rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. Again, it's David's DVC rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. He will help you find a DVC rental for a fraction of the cost. And you don't have to be a member. It's a great way to check out DBC without actually buying any points and signing the big contract and all that. You can just try it out, see if it's for you by staying in the rooms. Or if you got a big family gathering coming up and you're like, you know, normally we stay in a regular room, but this time we kind of need like a suite. We need more room for the grandkids or the family or two families going together, whatever. Um, Davis DVC's got you covered. You don't have to buy into DVC. You don't have to stay off property. You can stay right here on property and you can rent a DVC, a one or two bedroom or even a grand villa if you need that much room. Uh, and you can do it on one time thing and it's much much cheaper than just paying the regular room price. Like much much cheaper to rent the points. So check it out. David DBC Rentals. DBCrequest.com/tv. Again, dbcrequest.com/tv. >> Thanks everybody. inside your car. >> And if you're watching this on the replay, thanks for watching the replay. >> Replay watching is really helpful because as we told you before, YouTube stopped really um promoting the live stream replays through the algorithm. That's what happened. Wasn't just us. It was every live stream replay that got hit. The difference was because we were, you know, a more established and bigger channel. Um, we got hit harder because we were actually getting the benefit of the live stream algorithm push because we had more views per capita on the streams and so our streams were getting pushed pretty good. Um, and so it really made it look like a big difference for us. So, we went from about a million views a month to >> 700,000. >> How many? >> One. >> All right. Well, let's ride. Yeah, watching those replays really helps. Two circuits arrive platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times. >> Enjoy everybody. >> Arms, feet, legs, and one of your appendages inside your car. And please supervise younger. Stay clear of the doors which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. Please step carefully onto the moving platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please supervise the other. Stay clear of course. This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around. >> Greetings intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Borak 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see Tomorrowland and my stars, is there ever lots to see? From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please. Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Flaming and Star Trafer to Green and Red Lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future right by two of my favorite spots. >> Attention travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. Are we going >> Attention travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. >> Attention people passing. Please remain fully seated car right. Thank you. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Capcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny borax. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy, except actual stars. Those are no longer sold. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light and speedy competition. Attention all visitors from Galaxy. Please keep your business clear of coming vehicles. Thank you. This is Starport 75 >> or as we locals call it, Space Mountain. Our high-speed rocket port to distant deep space destinations. broken. >> Yeah. >> Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy, the coral rooms of IC7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Book today. Why is that? Yeah. Thank you. paging Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson at the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy S31. Please keep forwards clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Woo! Amazing. Heat. Heat. There's the line. Whe or die, take the time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people river journey has nearly come full orbit. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're concluding, this is always my favorite part. Cuz now is the time, now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. Today, see you in the future. Please keep arms, duty, and other individuals away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto moving platforms cautions and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. For your safety, please keep arms, antenn. >> We'll go and get off for now so we can do a few more things before I need to have some lunch. But always so awesome. >> Perfect day for people moverages until they open. >> Welcome all 2600 people. That's amazing. That's a really really great crowd in the stream on a Saturday. So again, always subscribe if you're new. It's totally free. and hit the like button because it helps YouTube know that you enjoy the stream Ethan. Yeah, I'll probably eat there on my own. I don't think I'll have the stream going when I eat at Cosmic Craze, though. I'll probably just have it I'll probably just go do that on my own after the stream is over. But it's a great place for sure. And the the shop that it passes through is Star Traders. Used to be Mickey's Star Traders, but it's Star Traders. So, I want to give you a castle uh painting update. I was looking at it as we went by on People Mover. It didn't seem like there were that many changes or updates, but we'll do it anyway because it's been a couple weeks and even I would like to know exactly what's different. So, we'll go check that out. Relax. >> Isn't the soundsscape so cool back there? I was just quiet so you could really hear that soundscape. It's also in stereo. All right. Well, we will begin our Cinderella Castle painting update right here, of course, with the basically completely dry moat around Cinderella Castle and through the Magic Kingdom. Here it is very, very dry. And you can kind of see just peeking through the trees there, the castle with two different colors on it there. And of course, in order to facilitate that, they also had to have this part dry over here. I always think it's interesting the two different colors of paint based on where the water was. It's like when they painted the rocks the first time, they just painted down to the water and maybe the water wore off some of the paint. I have no idea. But either way, that is definitely dry. You can see they've got a pump over there. So, let's head over this way. We'll go around the castle as close as we can get to it and uh check out what type of progress they've made so far. Sun's starting to come out. It's a beautiful day. Oh, the bus is still running. Look at that. And the hub here is not too crowded. I'm glad they have the main street vehicles open longer hours. I think that's great. There's a good shot. Let me zoom in here. Yeah. So you can see the front is still mostly of the pinkish color with the exception of just right around the uh window there on the front is kind of grayish color with the trim. So that's a little bit of an update there. So they may may not have done as much this week. Let's go around this side and see what's going on over here. Oh boy, the uh burgers at Sunny Eclipse Cosmic Rays smell really good. I'll just I'll just call it Sunny Eclipse's restaurant. Cosmic Ray, he he doesn't get to own the restaurant anymore. I'm I'm not basic. >> All right. Here, let me go this way. Say hi to Cinderella. >> So there you go. So now you can kind of see very similar to what we had before with the uh change over of color right in the middle, but it looks like it's kind of come around to the front just a little bit right below the middle row of towers there. Turrets. So it's definitely definitely been worked on definitely have still been painting it little by little as they go along. Yeah. >> Still weird to see the waterfalls dry here. >> All right, let's go around this backside here. Back side of Castle Walkway. >> Frozen ice in the ice. quite a difference. Although I still like the Bing and Gold Castle. I do too. I think we grew to like it. I think we'll grow to like the the blue one, blue and gray. And I think the gray again will be brighter than what we see here. >> Somebody asked what my favorite ride was. It's basically uh People Mover, but I also love a lot of the other rides around the park. Tron and of course, Guardians. Um, that's not in this park, but pirates and haunted, of course, are always classic. So, let's come around this way. We can get a better view once we get past the past the crowded walkway here. >> There we go. All right. Yeah. And again, it's mostly gray on the backside here, but still pretty sure that's some type of primer coat. I could be wrong cuz I think it'll be a little bit darker gray than that. There you go. It's pretty subtle. I mean, there is a difference, but it's it's pretty subtle in a lot of ways. Unless you're really looking at it, it's not something that just like stands up and grabs you. >> Stands up. Definitely doesn't stand up, but you know what I mean. doesn't grab your attention is what I'm attempting to say >> unless you're really looking at it. >> Obviously, when it's all the same color, it'll be definitely blending in. But let's back up just a little bit and get a view from this side. I do have a >> Okay, there we go. I'm kind of shooting into the sun here, but you can see the windows on Cinderella's Royal Table are definitely all painted. Yeah, the backside is pretty much done. So, I don't know how well you can see that because we're right into the sun here, but I'll slowly pan up so you can kind of see the backside. The pink is basically gone. And they're going to paint the turrets a little bit different color blue too from what I understand. >> So there you go. >> Zoom back out. >> That sun came out with a with a passion, with a force. Cinderella's steps sister is over here behind the Cinderella fountain. >> He said the pleasure is yours. We're so excited to meet you guys. >> Go over here real quick. Wow, the the step sisters have quite the quite the crowd waiting on them. >> How fun. >> Hello. >> All right, let me come around here and I'll show you how it looks like from this side. It's a good shot right there. So, the just everything's gray on this side except the uh just the very very front turret there. Yeah, I think it looks pretty good. So, >> just a couple little pink spots in the middle there >> that need to be >> finished up, but looking pretty good. >> It's a little wet down here. So, there's where they've got all their boom vehicles here. They they just kept them in here last night. The other day, I don't think they were in here, but probably easier to keep them in overnight, but they are able The nice thing is they are able to keep them down so they don't interfere with pictures, which is really smart on Disney's part. Again, they're doing a great job of this without like major major uh interruptions to pictures because that's always was the big concern whenever they put the cranes up even to put on the uh the castle dream lights that they would have the crane up for a while and people would not like that. So, it's nice that they do can do it this way. >> What about a blue? >> So, there you go. A little bit of pink, but not much. Right about there. >> All right. >> Vertical. >> Yeah. >> Nice that we can do this during the day. It's a lot easier to see in the bright sunlight. >> Let's come all the way out here to the bridge. We can see one more shot from the side here and then maybe head around to the front and finish it up because it is still quite a bit of pink in the front. >> There we go. >> Yeah. Nice. >> So, there you go. >> It's definitely like Let's head around to the front. We'll wrap it up from there. And we're not done with the live stream. Just done with the little almost done with the little castle painting update. Coaster dude says his birthday was two days ago. Nice. And if you're watching this as a separate video, it's from a live stream and you should watch the live streams cuz they're fun, too. you can just subscribe and make sure you get notified next time. >> All right, here we go. >> So, here's a front shot. Nice. You can get a little zoom there just to get a little closer to some of the colors. Yeah, still kind of pink, but some of the trim is now gray. So that's your castle update for this week, the last day of February, 2026. February 28th to be exact. That's pretty nice. Hello. >> All right, >> cool. Sorry I didn't read a lot of chat there. I couldn't really see cuz the sun was really bright. The sun came out like I said with the passion here. I wasn't ignoring you. I promise. Let's go do a little stroll down Main Street. Maybe we can even ride one of the main street vehicles up and down a little bit. >> Hi. >> I got some sauce for you. I hear the bus coming. Let me get up on the sidewalk so he has room. >> Turn around. Oh, that's fun. Piano is in full effect. Check it out for a couple minutes. It's Grayson >> Maya. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Sorry guys. Heat. Heat. So good. All right, we're going to walk on down the road here. But he is awesome. I love Reflection. What a great song. It's just a very, very well-ritten song. Reflection. Let me unzoom here. It's just one of those songs that just kind of takes your breath away if you listen to it really closely. And the words are great, too. But just even the chord progression, like it's very it's very striking. And it's actually very similar to out there, which is why I've heard it mashed up between that a lot of times. So, let's go in here and get ourselves cooled off a little bit. I read some chat. Coaster dude says, "I see the castle is yours in June as well." No, but we uh we definitely appreciate it. But thank you for that. That's like I said, that sun came out and it really warmed things up a lot. And I really take your word for it, Josh, being that you're a professional musician. Well, there you go. >> Yeah, I consider myself kind of professional/amate. Like, I'm definitely a professional teacher. That is what I do. I have gotten paid for that my whole career. Uh I have been paid to play. Um but yeah, a lot of times I just um a lot of times I my biggest performances usually is give kids give or are the give kids the world and those are volunteers. So um happily I would never never take any money for that. But um but it's like uh so I don't know. I always feel like I'm part part pro, part amateur. Oh, we are down on battery a little bit. Let me plug it in just to make sure we can finish up the stream with no interruptions. Okay, just a second. I always love the castle model here. >> So nice. >> There we go. This really cool shirt. Let me go check it out. Hold on. Let me plug in the battery and then we'll go check it out. Okay, we are plugged in now. >> He has the best music. Yeah, they're really really great at that. They have hire a lot of great talented composers. Oh, it's a sweatshirt. It is really cool though. That's embroidered. Yeah, that's embroidered. Wow. So, the cost is uh free. Not on there. I don't know. I don't know what the cost This is not a Spirit jersey, so it's probably 60 something, maybe. That's very cool. I like it. There it is up there. Get to paint the model green out, too. That's true. You're right. This right here. Yeah, I bet they will. They're very, very much attention to detail about that kind of stuff. I bet they will. It is definitely hand painted. So painting models, that's a whole skill. Like so intricate. I can't imagine. Yeah. 2600. So nice to see so many people in the chat today. I love that. I almost hate to end here in a little bit, but I uh I want to get some lunch. And no matter what I do, you know, eating lunch is not as interesting as walking around. So people will will drop off, which is fine. I would I would too probably. But this is cool. Look at the back of this thing. But yeah, anyway, definitely glad to be here with you guys. So, and this one, I believe, is $100, but it's it's actually pretty I you wouldn't want it today. It is pretty um >> Oh, $80. It's pretty insulated, actually. >> Yeah. I still think the psychology behind the 99.999 thing is is is really funny. It is totally a thing and that's why businesses have done it for literally decades and decades. And I don't know. I can't remember a time in my life when they didn't do the $99.99 thing. Like is it that big of a difference like giving you a penny off? But psychologically it is. The difference between 79 and 80 is huge. So you want to charge 80 for something but you take a penny loss that you can charge it and make people think it's 70. I always used to say if something I wanted something in the store and I was like, "Oh, um it was like $9.99." I was like, "Oh, it's $9.99." And mom and dad were like, "No, it's $10." Like, you have to start thinking of it that way. Will I ever see you in person? I don't know. It depends on if we are in the same place at the same time. But if we are, you should definitely come say hi. >> I do want to look a little bit It >> has been a fun, fantastic stream. I'm glad you guys have enjoyed it so much. I certainly have as well. All right, let's see if we can brave our way into the pen section for you pin fans, penaholics out there. All right, excuse me. Oh, it's a it's a it's a rough go getting in here. All right, there we go. Okay, Fuzzy. Nice and animal. Good to see some Muppet love Star Wars stuff. Marvel, >> Pixar, Tiana. Oh, small. All right, be honest. Who's pausing the stream to see it? I'm trying to go slow, but be honest. How cool. We got the >> Goofy movie stuff there. Max and Power line. There you go. >> Those are, of course, all mystery mystery bags, so you don't know what you're going to get. Just like Forest Gump, the box of chocolates. Oh, I love the little golden books. They got them all in one place. How fun. I like the block. That's like the size that he is. Hold on. I lost the chat. I got to get it back. Give me my card. I want it all. I know, right? The two demons. >> All right. All right. Well, our chat is dead. Our app did that thing where it has to you have to log out and back in again. So, I'm not going to have to switch back to the old version, but I'm not going to do it now. These are cool. I love these books. The Mickey Mickey's Adventure one is really fun. >> At least we're back. All right. Sorry about that. >> We got Ken and I got some work to do on the app to get it all figured out the the authentication changed between the uh the older version and the newer version. So, well, let me let me put you guys on BRB for just a second and I'm going to uh I'm going to get the uh the app changed over so I can at least read the chat there at the end of the stream. We'll just stay on the old version for now. So, stay tuned. I'll be right back. Yeah, somebody earlier said they want all the things. Disney, take my money or you you want to send me your credit card so you can just I can just buy all of it for you. It's hilarious. >> Do you want >> All right, I'll be right back. >> Oh, it's working. Never mind. It's working now. Weird. All right, we'll just leave it alone then. That's so weird. All right, that will leave it for now. So hopefully it's working now. Very pink motif going on over there. All right, false alarm. That's right. That is weird. the chat just randomly started working. So, I'll I'll change over to the old version and we'll we'll get the the new one figured out. But for now, it's working fine. >> Wonder if we can get on the on the bus. Let's see if Let's see if the the bus is loading now. Wonder if we can do that. We might not get on the top, but yeah, we can get on. Let's Let's get on the uh We can get on the bottom floor. Okay. Yes. >> Still loading? >> Yes. >> All right. Just watch your head and step in for me. >> King of the bus. All right. >> Let's see which way here. We'll we'll be this. We'll be on this side. Oh, look. It's a Epcot thing on the steering wheel. Look at that. That's fun. Epcot logo. This will be our last official ride of the day. This is one of the World Showcase buses for sure. >> Hi, how are you? >> Good. How are you? >> When I was done, Let me say so the music sounds like Disneyland. Yeah, it's the same. Main Street music is the same in both both parks. >> Okay, guys. We're about to go on the most crazy ride of our lives today. Okay. >> It also takes longer than TR. >> That is true. ride is so short. >> Sometimes this is wilder than than Tron. >> Yeah, Tron's less than a minute of actually moving. >> Yeah. >> Uh it's 90 seconds. >> Is it night? Well, yeah. From gate to gate. >> Yeah. No. >> Is it? >> I did 2 minutes. >> 2 minutes and 30. >> Okay. >> I had my phone upside down. >> Oh, in the thing I did recording. >> I did a GoPro thing of it and we're just like looking at the time you're actually moving on the video. But yeah. Good afternoon, folks, and welcome aboard the Double Deck Romney bus. This is a one-way trip up to Cinderella Castle. Just a few rules. Please remain seated at all times. Please keep your arms, hands, legs, and feet inside the vehicle at all times. There is no eating, drinking, or smoking in the vehicle. And make sure children are suited at all times to me, please. When we get up to Cinderella Castle, please remain seated till I come to a full and complete stop and I give you the all clear to exit the vehicle. While we're exiting the vehicle, make sure use those handrails and watch heads up, folks. Thank you. >> One time you your phone must get so tired. >> No screen, right? >> No, but I can multitask, you know. It's a very good multitasking right there. >> You got to be with this. >> You pulling off? Okay. >> You guys about to be done for a while >> for the day. >> Okay. >> Well, they had it used to be they'd stop him like 9:30 or 10. So, it's nice that they get them going longer. Um precoid we would go until about 11 depending on staffing. >> Um >> and then uh now it depends on on staffing >> and uh entertainments. >> Right. >> So um when they start doing the um when they start doing double deck double double day breaks for the next couple weeks, >> right? >> That's when we'll be uh Congratulations. >> We just saw the way >> just saw an engagement. How fun. >> Oh, yeah. I know. It's pretty pretty common, right? >> Okay, folks. Please remain seated for me. We're about to head start heading back up to Cinderella Castle. Sorry. >> Happy birthday. Congratulations. >> She said, "Yes, move on. We drive until about >> 10:30, 11:00 >> because of the double parade. Yeah. >> And then probably we will not drive in the middle of the two parades cuz we'll have to go take breaks, >> right? >> And stuff. >> I did my safety spiel, but I had my safety spiel, right? I think I did. >> Yeah, you did. Pretty sure >> that's a nice breeze. There's the air conditioning. >> Yeah, we found it. >> Found the air conditioning. >> This is an okay vehicle to drive during the winter time because this this engine compartment gets pretty warm. >> During the summer time, >> man. Yeah. Yeah. >> Of course. At least you're the sun's not on you like it would be on a on one of the convertible ones. >> Yeah. The the We're waiting for the fire engine to come back. >> Oh, yeah. That's true. >> That's the That's the convertible. That side. >> It's snowing. >> Snow. Yep. >> They're getting ready for the wash. >> Wow. Got those CO2 cannons working. Okay, folks. We are now all clear to exit the vehicle. Please watch your hands. Use those handrails. Back side front rope. Thank you. >> All right. >> I'm going to go ahead go ahead and head out. We'll walk down the rest of the way. That was pretty cool. >> I didn't realize this. >> We'll wait till she takes down the rope here. >> Somebody bumped their head. Almost. >> Okay. >> He wasn't listening to the safety spiel, right? We've all done it. >> Your head up there. >> Thank you. And she's very she's very cool. Very cool. You can tell she's been doing it a while. Yes. Yeah. She deserved to come. Oh, I should have gotten her name. I did not. For the uh should have gotten her name for the uh how awesome she was with the couple that that got engaged. >> Yeah, that was pretty cool. >> I don't know if it looks good all the time. Try it every time. Would you like to try again? >> Either way, this is pretty awesome. So glad you guys came along with us for the ride today. This has been awesome. So, we're going to probably wrap up here when we go down Main Street one more time. I could have I could have gotten back on the the bus, but I thought I would finish with a stroll. Thank you again so much. Let's get one more good castle shot here, actually. I thought the show was going to start right away, but it's not. Actually, not quite. >> Not quite. >> Castle looks great against the sun there. All right. Well, let's head let's head on uh >> head on down the main street road. I'm going to go enjoy some lunch. In fact, I probably should order it. I got to decide what I want though first. somewhere. >> I think a burger maybe >> cuz I I had chicken strips last night. I had fish. >> I actually had fish the last time I was here at Magic Kingdom, which also sounds good. Fish always sounds good here, actually. H you know what? I don't know. We'll have to see. There goes the bus. Wow, there's nobody on it. I could have had the bus to myself. That's okay. All right. Oh, Cosmic Race has a 20 to 30 minute wait. Well, then I think the uh the right thing to do is is do the Harbor House. All right. Harbor House it is. Decided by virtue of crowd level. Okay. Here's a little tip and trick for you. Whenever the time on the app for mobile order says um like 10 minutes, it actually is only 5 minutes before you can actually order. They always let you order 5 minutes before your actual time. So, you guys have probably already noticed that, but if it says 15 minutes, you can order in 10 minutes. It's a it's a whole it's a whole u ordering early thing. >> Okay. So, >> this may be the idea. >> Anyway, I hope you guys have had fun today. >> What did it? >> I definitely have. Oh, we got to get him out of the way. >> That little boy was like playing in front of the truck in the front of the bus there. >> Hold on just a second. All right, >> there we go. Yeah, if I don't put in my order now, it'll be longer. birthday. >> So, you guys are going to go over to the 247 channel. So definitely thank you for going over there. Subscribe over there if you haven't. It's a wonderful, wonderful place. This is a cool window display squirrel. It's a wonderful uh place to hang out whenever we're not actually live. I know it's not as good as a regular live, but it's also actually better in some ways cuz there's no talking. So if you just want to chill to some walk around Disney stuff, then it's fun to do. So yeah. No, I won't stay for the parade either. I'm going to I'm going to actually um head over to Hollywood Studios and Rock and Roller Coaster. Check that out. Very fancy Daisy. She's all decked out. All the flowers and everything. How fun. All right. Okay. Yep. I'm not staying not staying till the parade, guys. >> I want to I have some other things I want to do. I want to get some lunch and all kinds of stuff. But we'll we'll do it another day. If the parade if they had the double parade today and it was at noon, I definitely would have showed it. So, here in a little while, once spring break starts kicking into full gear pretty soon, as our bus driver was saying, um they will be doing double parade and then we'll be able to uh show those if we do a morning stream or not. So, anyway, but yeah, that is Resort TV 24/7. That's where we're headed and we are happy to have you over there. We're going to send you guys over to enjoy some time over there on the 24-hour stream. And again, the 24-hour um ride stream is coming soon. Not just that, >> but uh lots more videos and stuff coming, too. Just got to have time to edit. All right, so next, uh want to talk about all of our awesome sponsors. I talked about Mickey Travels. I talked about Resort TV1 Homes, David's DVC Rentals, I talked about them. Uh let's I talked about um Layer 1 Technology. Let's talk about Behind the Ride. If you want to find out how all your favorite rides were created here at Walt Disney World, just check out Behind the Ride on Amazon. Again, that's Behind the Ride on Amazon. Go check them out. Behind the Ride on Amazon. It's a great book about how all your favorite rides were created. Also, Disney Demystified on Amazon has an ebook now, so you can actually like or not an ebook, but a it's always had an ebook. It has an audio book, so you can actually listen to it um and uh enjoy it on your favorite device, whether you're driving or riding, you know, riding the train or trying to get to sleep or, you know, whatever. You can you can listen to Disney Demystified anytime. So, check it out. Uh what was the other thing? Uh, we also have Dream Table. If you want to get the hardest to find reservations at any Disney park, definitely check out Dream Table. They are amazing. So, that's Dream Table. All right. Wow, my phone just totally went nuts. Okay. Yeah, we we we we hear you. Thank you. My phone went nuts that it was like my time to order. It says order at 105 and then at 1:00 it goes crazy. Anyway, yes. So, definitely check them out. Dream Table on the App Store. I think I got them all. Thank you moppers. Thank you hoppers. Um, thank you all of our Patreon members. Thank you to all of our channel members. Bronze, silver, and gold. Somebody upgraded to silver earlier today, which was so so nice. Thank you for doing that. I saw it. It was just on the people moving around. Oh, La Ner la Nicer Nicer. Yeah, LA Ner did. So, thank you so much. I just saw it now here on my on my feed. Thank you for upgrading to silver. That's super super nice. I just couldn't read it cuz we're on the People Mover. We don't try not to talk on the rides. So anyway, uh, Platinum Members, Grey Roads Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Love Go Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer, Mickey, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jaylen Moxley, Cicandra, Donnie, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali, Berismon, Alan J. So many generous people donating and helping out and and uh supporting the streams. We appreciate that. And thank you for all the super chats, all the PayPal, all the stuff. We appreciate you. >> You're all awesome. Speaking of which, I should probably make sure there's no PayPal that I missed. I was really bad about that. >> Uh, no, we're good. Okay, perfect. All right, everybody. We'll see you uh on Tranquil Tuesday. Jenna will be live on Monday. And uh, who knows, I may have like a like the castle paint update video tomorrow or something. But either way, thank you for joining me and thank you. I put my glasses on so I can see. Thank you for being awesome today. It's been a fun day here at Walt Disney World and we don't want to we don't want um for you to miss the next one. So, definitely subscribe if you're new and definitely be sure to um follow us on social media so that you are always always in the know about when the streams are. But we'll see you over on the 24/7. Let's see if we can get like a thousand people over there. That'd be super awesome. So, come on over to the 24/7. All you have to do is just let the stream play and it will take you over there. So, let the stream play. It'll take you over there to the 247 channel. Um you might have to hit a button. There might be a like confirm to go over to the stream, but confirm it. Mers can post the link and we'll see you on the 24th. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a greatly beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. >> Over there. That was cute.
