---
video_id: e0LDIV7nr_E
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Nothing Beats Walking Into Magic Kingdom Like This"
published: 2026-02-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0LDIV7nr_E
---
All right. Thank you. I got that. Good morning. Amen. >> Wow, the sun is out this morning. >> Yes, >> nothing like a wonderful day, everybody. We are the >> That's right. Thank you so much. >> Hey, we're heading over here in the uh >> town square. >> That's right. In town square. We got a wonderful horse carrying us here. We're going with a mighty speed of one horsepower. I think we should do a song. All right. >> I'm walking right down the middle of street, USA. USA is the heart of America. The army of the place was made with a mag. And right down the street there is a magazine land. I'm walking right down the middle of Main Street, USA. Main Street, USA. Right down Main Street, USA. heart be just you baby on the ground of street You save. >> Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I am live for an all day stream here at the Magic Kingdom and what better way to start it than with the Dapper Dans walking right down the middle of Main Street USA. I always love that song and I haven't heard it for a while. So, what a great way to start the day. So, welcome in everybody. As you can see, it's a gorgeous day here in Central Florida. The temperature is about 62° and it's going to get to about 78. So, it's going to be an absolutely perfect day. But let's enjoy a little more dapper dance as we walk right down the middle of Main Street, USA. I think she don't come back. I think I'm going to lose my mind. If she ever comes back to stay, there's going to be an unes. No way. Girl, >> how are you? >> Beautiful day. got back from Disneyland. So >> Oh, nice. >> Nice. Just about to go insane. Like I used to call my name. >> Sweet cookie. If he ever comes back to stay, there's going to be another brand new day. Walking with my baby down by the San Francisco Bay. Walking with my baby San Francisco. >> Oh, how great. They got some great harmony, guys. Look, >> the castle's turning gray. >> That's right. The castle's turning gray. >> We'll do a better update on that a little bit later, but look at some turrets are already painted. I saw it more clearly >> on the Montreal. But yeah, you can see right there in the middle, >> gray. >> All right, so but for now, let's um let's go ride some rides. We got to wait for our dapper dance friends to pass by. But it's a beautiful shot in front of the castle here. I'm free to wish your heart when you're Free your heart for your king in your dreams and someday your rain will smileing through finding truth. No matter how your heart is breathing, if you keep on believing, the dream that you wish will come true.
