---
video_id: pj8EuULX29c
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Whimsical Wednesday at the Magic Kingdom - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 4-1-26"
published: 2026-04-01
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pj8EuULX29c
---
Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live today for Whimsical Wednesday here at the Magic Kingdom. Welcome in guys. Before we get too far into the video, want to make sure everybody is subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all of the social media. We're Resort TV1 on all the things. Welcome in, guys. Sorry we're a couple minutes late as you can tell by the wet ground. It was pouring, so we were kind of waiting that out just a little bit, but it did stop. So, yay. Right on time rain. Good job. Um, but you can tell over here there's still some dark clouds. And over here we've got some sunshine. So, I don't know what's going to happen, but hopefully hopefully it'll be fine. We're also hoping to catch the um rocket launch, and that's at 6:24 p.m. Who knows what the weather's like out on the coast, though, so we'll see. But look. Oh, I haven't seen this yet. Oh, this is so cool. Love it. That is awesome. Can't wait till it opens. Apparently, they're not doing the uh soft openings today, but I guess they were yesterday cuz Josh got to go. I tuned in and he was riding it. So, that's pretty cool. Um, so yeah, welcome in. Make sure you share out the stream. Oh, you're going to go see Super Mario uh Galaxy movie? That's awesome. Kai Isabella Mara North Coaster Benjamin Disney wishes there is a big old puddle. Uh Ma Keith Anthony Indiana Ryan Girly girl. Yeah, let's go this way. It It's busy as you would imagine. It is Easter week. Um but yeah, I think we're going to go get in line for the people mover. It is time for the people mover. Happy whimsical Wednesday, Debbie. Hey, a latte coffee. We got to find the end of the line. I think it is right here. We found it. Awesome. All right. Um, so hi Ann Marie. Hi Bryce. Hi Smoothy State. How are you today? >> Welcome in guys. Um, I do have my friend Sharon with me today and we're excited to enjoy a little afternoon Magic Kingdom and hopefully the rocket launch. We'll see. >> Yeah, we're hoping. Hey, Darl McIn. That's right. It rained now, so hopefully later it will not. Hi, Gail. Hi, Carol. Hi, Meredith. Singing in the rain. Oh, I loved that part in uh Great Mo. So good. I love the movie, too. that today. >> We totally could. There are It's very puddly. Lots of puddles. Hi, Age of Retro. How are you today? Mr. Master is here. Bev, hello. Resort budgeting. >> You want to get Joffrey's? We already got Starbucks, so we're all set. But it is right over there. Hi, Britney. Hi, Karine. Could you give Katano a quick hello? I hope I said his name or her right name right. Hello. Hello from Brazil. Hi Lori. Jess Fab Five says hello. Driving down for a fantastic spring break. Oh, that's exciting. Is your spring break uh next week? I'm assuming. Hey, William. Tim. Hello. He said, "Did we go to Starbucks?" >> Yeah, >> we did. We went to Starbucks. >> I ordered a hot head. >> Yes. >> Sharon's bit of a hot drink. She said she ordered a hot head. >> In my defense, we had just been talking about Hilton Head. >> True. >> So, you know, true story. >> You combine those two things. >> Yeah. >> She just put it together like I do. >> Hey, Meredith. Oh, of course they'll be shopping. Of course. I heard there was some new things at Epcot, so I'm curious if they're here. So, they've got a new um build your own band, and it's rainbow colored. >> It's cute. I have been wanting them to come out with different colors your own headband. >> Agreed. So that it was set up to have it here and new build your own ears in a mystery box. >> How smart, right? >> I know. >> Another thing to get us a seriously right. So we'll see if they have it here. It was in I believe in creations. >> That's a really cute idea. >> It is. And it was like some of the main characters, but they were bright colors. Okay. It was like Stitch, Mickey, uh Winnie the Pooh. But they do have the build your own ears over there. So, we'll have to go there next. Check it out. Um are we going to sing Hi Ho? We can if you like. Hi ho. Hi ho. It's off to Disney we go. >> What treats are featured in April? That is a great question. I mean, they still have the Easter Easter treats at most of the resorts. >> Happy April Fool's Day. >> That's right. Happy April Fool's Day, everybody. I'm curious if the rocket launches in April show. >> Just kidding, guys. We're not doing this. >> Oh, too funny. >> Oh, no worries, Darcy. Hi, Colleen. Happy Easter. Josh was out late last night. Oh, wow. When did he end his stream? I wasn't watching at the end. Started April in NB with a freezing rainstorm. Oh, no. Nebraska, I'm assuming. Yeah, we noticed there was still some really bad weather up north. >> That's too bad. I'm so sorry, guys. So, when we lived in southern Indiana, we would hardly ever get snow, you know, in April. >> Every year when we were kids, we'd wake up and my dad would be like, "It's snowing. April fools." It was so cute. He did that to me yesterday, too. I went out to Starbucks with him and he goes, "It's snowing tomorrow, April Fools." >> Oh, that's nice you guys went out. >> You did. Yeah. Yeah, we had some coffee and went to a um one of my favorite uh Japanese stores um where they have a ton of wine. >> It's not in the mall. It's fun >> and they have Japanese food. >> They have those little ice cream sandwiches. >> In that store, so you can get them and bring them home. >> Okay. Is it across the street in the mall or is it somewhere totally different? >> Totally different. Okay. Yep. We'll go. >> You and Dale do a vlog on that. >> We have not. >> Okay. Maybe not yet. I need to. >> But um there is one across from the mall as well that just opened. >> Maybe I remember when >> Hi, Sassy Sarah. >> Vlog from your house. >> You had some of those ice cream sandwiches in the freezer when he was showing us what was in the fridge. >> Dale. Dale. Dale. >> Speaking of that, Dale did put out a vlog yesterday on Adventures of Jenna and Dale from his golf outing at the Players. You guys wondered what he was up to, definitely go check it out over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. He would really appreciate it if you guys go watch. >> Me, my mom, and my stepdad are all Wisconsinianites. >> We're used to the snow. Oh, I bet you are. >> Hitting the hearts. Yes, it does help. Um, it'll help get more engagement and so more people will find the stream. Hi, Amy. How are you today? I got to show you guys my outfit. We'll wait until we get on the people mover. Um, I got some special ears on today. They're really cute. They're comfortable, too. Super comfortable. >> Hi, James Han. How are you? >> Welcome into Whimsical Wednesday. This is later than I normally go live, but we want to catch the uh rocket launch. I got to make sure I say it right cuz earlier I was telling Dale and I called it a rocket launch. So, I have to think about it before I say it. >> A that's fun. Cindy Rose, >> hopefully you guys got notified that we went live. >> Oh my goodness. I love him. >> He's so cute. I tried Oh, I didn't tell you this. I tried to go to the Disney outlet yesterday around 1:00. There was absolutely no parking. >> So, I left. >> I remember you told me you were going to go now. >> I was going to go film a vlog. No parking unless you wanted to pay. And I'm like, I don't really want to pay. >> You have to pay. >> Only if there's no parking in the garage. You can pay. You don't have to, but So, I chose not to and I just left. >> Wow. So, I want to go early. It looks like they got some really good stuff. Caught a few launches when I was at Coco. Oh, fun. Doing good, Catalina. How are you today? Hi, Dave. Hi, Edwin. Uh, James says, "Just got home and didn't realize you were on later." Yeah. On later today. Hey, goofy grandpa. It's a great big beautiful day. Oh, upro. Okay. This has happened to us so many times on this round. We see the use of it, right? >> This is why I hang on to the thing even though I don't want to. That is smart. >> I don't like touching it. But >> you're smart. I wasn't holding on. >> You did a good job of not falling. >> Thank you. I tried. >> Oh my goodness. You notice I reached for you though. I was like, >> "That's okay. You can re I was hanging on." You can >> We almost We almost did a face plant, but definitely hold on cuz you never know when they're going to turn off the ramp. >> Jay Dog is here. Hey, Jay Dog. I hope you're doing well. I've been thinking about you lately. >> Hi, Lorie. >> You're here today, too. Oh, that's awesome. Yes. Please come sing hello. >> It is true. >> So it was 80 when we got here or 82. It dropped to like 60 something. >> Hi Lisa. Hi Bucks. How are you? Hi Lindsay. Tinker Bell. Spider bro. Colleen. Hot dog train. Thank you. >> Okay. All right, let me show you the ears I got on. An amazing hopper sent these to me. >> Oh, they're they're small ears. These are Lina Bell and they're from Tokyo Disney. And an awesome popper sent me a bunch of stuff from Tokyo. I was so excited. And let me show you what else she sent me. Look how cute. And it holds your ears. Isn't that adorable? And then I I bought him on eBay. >> But um I'm going to go to Tokyo now. Merches are so cute. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. All right, guys. Enjoy. >> Thanks, Jennifer. >> This is the GTA blue line. Non-stop service around tomorrow. Yeah, I see. >> Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow. And my stars, is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to monster lab, there's really nothing like today in tomorrow. >> For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight. Thank you. The >> next station is Tomorrowland Urban Plane and Star Traers. transfer to green and red line. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future, right by two of my favorite spots. >> First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny. >> On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except action stars. There's some stuff they had. >> I saw the headband. >> Okay, we're going there next. >> Speedway and Light Cycle. >> I love a good turn. And these are two of the best tracks in the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. >> This is Starport 75 or as we call it space, our high speed rocket for test deep space destinations. Heat. Heat. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral moves of Pisces 7. You owe it to yourself from today. No, that's not your eyes. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. paging Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep all clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, the celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony fellowship. Hop and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. Forgot to put the ears on, guys. Sorry. >> The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. All spaceers Report your star cruiser and join me on this daring space mission. I'm going to see you in reserve right now. >> Can we see it? We can see it. >> It's not running, but it's on. >> Hi. I know Josh got to ride it. I cannot wait. I'm so excited. Target down. Take the time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people Uber journey has nearly come full. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we conclude, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time, now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. It's the dairy. See you in the future. It's so cute. >> Hey, Shadow Dragon. Hello, everybody that's just joining in. >> Welcome in. >> The lines are pretty long. I was looking at them while we were riding the ride. And 70 minutes for Winnie the Pooh. That's crazy. 110 for Tiana's. I guess they figured they got wet in the rain. So, Thank you. >> 45 for haunted pirates and others and remain seated until automatically mermaid with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> 15 for people mover which is about what we waited maybe 10 and other appendages away from the doors until they open automatically. We always have to keep the Timmy away from the door. >> A thanks, Cindy Rose. >> I know. It was so sweet. She had gone to >> Thank you. She'd gone to Tokyo and asked if there was anything I wanted and I was like, "Oh, that's so sweet." I mean, I said, "You don't have to get me anything, but if you do, I love Duffy. Anything Duffy and Friends, I did not mind." And she was so sweet. Disney. Oh my goodness. That is like that Tokyo Disney and that is the top of my bucket list. >> I am down. I just got to save the pennies. >> Every penny. >> All the pennies. >> Hi, Terry. >> Cuz when you're there, you're going to want to stay a couple weeks cuz it takes so long. >> Exactly. And you want to go on the ship and to the Disney cuz the closest one to that let's see that's in where's the ship at? Is it in uh Shanghai? No. Hong Kong Singapore. Singapore. It's in Singapore. So um that would be close to Hong Kong and yeah. So I'd want to go I just want to go to all of them. Just make it a big trip. You'd have to be there maybe 3 weeks. That's a long time. Hi, Joey. How are you? Welcome in. >> All right, we're going to head over to the shop because we think we saw some new things. >> Yeah, the new headbands. Have you seen all the new t-shirts that they've been putting out lately? And we saw some at Epcot on Monday. Well, apparently there's more. And a lot of them have gone to the outlet like this one. Oh, >> I saw a picture. It was at the outlet. I know. This one just came in. I feel like for all the new ones. >> Yeah, I guess so. >> Hi, Kathleen. Hi, >> Rita. >> Uhhuh. And they up the price. Wmp. >> So, now the price, I think, is >> That's right. >> $32.99. >> Yeah. >> Unless you buy two and then it's >> No, $29.99. Yeah. >> Yes. >> Where it used to be $29.99 25 if you buy two. So, a little higher. Save the pennies. If you can dream it, you can do it. That's right. All the pennies. I'm also saving some pennies for my my Chloe tattoo. I just got I just got to do it. I just got to book the appointment and do it. Just got to do it. >> Just do it. Yeah. >> Just do it. >> Like Nike. Just do it. >> Oh my word. This is so cute. >> There's a really cute shirt. >> Oh my god. >> I really like this. That would be cute with a tank top under it, >> right? Like as a a cover up kind of thing. That'd be cute on Dale, too. >> Yeah. Men or >> these are new, too. Oh my goodness. These are adorable. >> It's short, so it might not work on me. >> That's cute, though. Hi, Flo. How are you? >> Yeah, there's green, like a mint green, yellow, blue, and pink. They have a different size. >> I just magical moments. >> I'm assuming that's Yeah, >> but it's adorable. >> It is adorable. I need this in my size. >> Ticker chill. John says 3 weeks is a long time due to the 3-we trip to Europe. Seemed like forever, but definitely fun. Oh, I'm glad you had fun, John. Wait. Oh. Oh, here's the stitchy that you put on your car. I already bought him. >> Oh, I see. with the little suction cup. >> Yeah, that's so cute. >> And then every time you walk by, it looks like he's going like, "What? >> Let me out. Let me out." >> Is somebody going to report that you left your dog in your car? >> Maybe. >> You left your stitch. Go back. >> Come break your windows. >> Um, he is. >> Yeah. >> 1999. That's not bad. >> That's not as much as I thought it would be. I also want that bag. I think it's so cute. That's really cute. They have some really cute bags out right now. That one is $24.99. Yes. Price is right. I got it. >> Okay. That's not that bad either. >> No. Oh my. This is new, too. Little kiddo shirt. >> That's really cute. >> Adorable. >> Really good Stitch merch. >> They really do. I mean 62626 is coming up. >> It is really >> Mhm. It'll be here before we know it. >> All right, let's go see about these ears. >> You're going to get We have these cups. Adorable. >> This is so pretty. >> They have them in the um Starbucks, too. >> I love this. >> $50. >> And it comes with a little >> I know. A little topper. >> Straw protector. Oo, look at this. >> Oh my goodness. That's so cute. >> Adorable. >> This is cute. >> Oh, that is hermit bag. I mean, you could use it as bag charm or a key ring. I love >> I would use >> bag charm. Same. >> Okay. And then they have all the ears here. >> Yeah. >> I love these. >> I know. I love these. And I saw somebody get these. Um >> Oh, like personalized. >> That's the word. Thank you. The word had left my mind. >> Did Disney do the personalization on these? I don't know. >> Yeah. I mean, you pay extra, but >> these guys these guys. >> Look at this little >> So, they had Pascal. He's gone. >> Oh, they did. >> Mhm. >> But they still have Tiana. >> Seriously, Jesse? And they still have Rapunzel. Yeah, they got Oh, I said Tiana. That's Rapunzel. >> Yeah, you know, I knew what you meant. Yeah, it's fine. And then they have Olaf. These are $19.99. >> Okay, but excuse me. What are these? These are so cute. >> Stickers. Vinyl decals. $5 when you buy three. They've got Baymax and Stitchy. >> They've got Mickey heart. >> They do have You can see the >> Oh my goodness. line right there where you separate them. >> Muppets. Oh my word. Look at him with his frog. Does this not remind you of Punch the Monkey? >> That's really >> Yes. >> With his little bear. Well, his bear or monkey was bigger. >> Right. That's a good point. >> Yeah. >> This looks like a shirt. >> Oh. Oh, that's >> Did they rip it open? >> That's so cool. >> Yeah. Don't open these boxes in the store. >> Don't do it. They have all the lands. >> Maybe they were hoping they could see what it was. They have him dressed as a bee. Eeyore dressed as a bee. Chip andale. Look at Dumbo. >> I love Dumbo. >> Oh my goodness. And they have Stitch. But he's pink. >> I like that he's pink. I don't know why. I just think he's just so cute that >> I do, too. Oh my goodness. >> I really love the jumbo. >> I wish these were like three for 10. >> Yeah, absolutely. >> Okay, let's go. Fewer pennies. >> Exactly. All right, let's check what this is all about here. Ooh. Okay. Okay. We need the headband. >> Pretty >> add to cart. >> I would also like it if they headband. >> Okay. So, you want to look because this one's more pink. >> Uh-huh. And you want to make sure the stitching is good. >> Mhm. >> Yeah. Wait. >> Okay. I think I like this one. >> I'm looking at yours and and the one you're holding and this one also like the this. Oh, no. I guess they're both down low. >> Mhm. These are cute. Okay, but here these are the the ones. Create your own >> in a mystery box. So, you either get Minnie, Stitch, a secret character. >> Mickey, Donald, Winnie, or >> Secret. I got to get >> Mickey, Donald, Winnie, two secret characters or only one? >> Oh, good question. Secret character number one. Secret character number two. >> Okay. Hm. I wonder who the secret character. >> These are only $13.99. >> All right. Add to cart. >> Mhm. >> I'm going to buy both. >> Me, too. >> All right. This is exciting. >> Wait, are you just buying one >> for now? >> Okay. >> But you should buy two and you could do two unboxings. >> Well, I mean I usually, you know, just for symmetry. Actually, that does make sense. >> I like it when people don't. >> This is so fun. I want this. >> Yeah, that's true. You know what I actually really like is when people do the um the bow as just one? >> Yes, that bow is really cute. >> So, wait, is the box $13.99 or the characters 13 or are they all 13.99? >> We're going to find out, guys. These are questions we're going to answer for you. Um Okay. Very important. And >> I'm going to get two. >> I love that. >> Just because cuz I have to. Let me see. Let me see if I can tell if these >> This one shakes shake shake shake shake shake shake shake shake. It would be funny if I got the same one. >> Yeah, it would be funny. Well, that >> it wouldn't be the worst. >> No, cuz it would be Yeah, >> symmetry. >> Oh, let's see if they have any new ears. Do you want to check out? Okay, >> they don't have a lot. They do have a stitchy one. Sorry guys, it is busy in here. Um, they do have the balloon ones over here as well. You buy one until you need more, which will be right after the one. Tim, how do you know me? Oh my goodness, look at this hat. >> I love this hat. >> A slow, you're so sweet. Nobody does the gift gift shops better than you. You are too sweet. Trying to get caught up from Josh last night. Okay. Well, you can always watch it after we're live as well. Hey, Captain Mickey. >> Hey, Terra. Jenna's intuition is usually pretty spot on. I hope you get exactly what you want. A thanks Cindy. You are too sweet. Brooke says, "Hey, thanks for the stream. Currently on spring break and loving it. Wish we were there." So, this helps. I'm glad it helps. Okay, so how much is this? This is really cute. $ 32.99 all the things. >> All right, let's see what else we find. Tell us what tells. >> Oh, look at the stitchy magnets. It is very tempor. Yes. Um, they still have these If you guys missed it again, um, so they are $5.99 each, but if you buy three, they're $5 each. >> These are fun. I really like those. Okay, these are new. They're Roosevelts. Loving the uh Toy Story. And then Oh, okay. Cool. And then I really like this one. Oh my goodness. How >> orange bird. Yeah, Orange Bird and the pirate dog. >> Oh my goodness. >> They even have um I was going to call him Captain Eio, but that's not his name. Uh >> I like the idea of Captain Eio. I wish. >> Dang it. What is his name? >> Wait, Cosmic Ray. >> Oh, Sunny. Sunny. >> He can't pass him. Thank you. Words are hard today. >> Words are hard, isn't it? It's a Roosevelt. >> I could so see Leota, >> Dale, or Andy Fox, >> my dad, Josh, anybody. They would love that. >> Do you think if you got it for them, they would wear it? >> They would have to. >> Yeah, >> cuz it's a gift. >> It's And it's Roosevelt. You don't understand. Exactly. You need to wear this. >> 100%. All right. I will give you guys to Sharon so I can go purchase. I didn't show the Lounge Fly. >> Let's go look at Lounge Flies then. >> Hello everyone. >> I think most of these Lounge Flies are have been here. We've already looked at them, but >> I like that one over there, too. >> Hey, Disney fanatic. But let's look again. >> Oh, yeah. Like a jersey. >> Oh, the hoodie or the jersey? >> Yep. All the Lounge Flies. I do have this one. >> Oh, yeah. >> And I love it because the um it has all the Tomorrowland stuff on it. I have the Spirit jersey that matches. >> That looks like a See, I thought I thought >> he wants a zip up. >> Oh, you would wear it Plymouth Rock. >> Yes. Good. Hi, Edwin. How are you today? >> Yeah. >> Hello, Tiger Tail John. I like this sweatshirt, too. >> A classic. Let's see how much this one is. $59.99. Hello, CB box. Hi, Lori. Oh, that was fast. That was fun. >> Jenna found a good line. Yeah, >> I did. Nobody was there. Love it when that happens. >> All right. I like these ears, too. >> I know. I have them. Do you not have them? >> Well, maybe. Do I have these? You know what? I do this all the time. I have so many ears that I sometimes I forget that I already bought a pair and then I'll buy another pair and then I go to put it away and I'm like, "Oops, I already have these." So then Jessica gets a new pair of ears. >> She doesn't mind, right? She doesn't mind at all. >> I don't think I bought those when they came out, but now I keep eyeing them. Like, >> well, then you need to buy them. I'm all for it. >> All right, guys. Um, I do get 20% off. Yes, APs get 20% off. Um, did DVC get anything? >> DVC gets 10 or 15. I always use my AP. >> Yeah, AP. Yeah. So, let us know if you're DV if you're DVC and not because I always use ABC. >> Same. Yeah, it's just Well, I'm not DVC, but uh Robin says, "Hello, quick hi. Then I'll be watching in the kitchen and cutting out milk jug bunny Easter baskets for Sunday." Oh my goodness. I love that. Uh Robin. All right. I don't know where to go. Holy moly, it's busy. We're just going to wander about >> DV DVC also gets 20. >> Oh, did you get 20? Okay. Well, that's Yeah, that's awesome. >> Awesome. Awesome. It says it's only 25, but it looks longer than 25. >> Oh my goodness. >> Wow. I don't even I don't even Yeah, very squishy. >> Well, I guess let's just do a little walk around and then if we see something short, we'll uh we'll get on the ride. We also want to >> if we find a table, let's uh pull over and do an unboxing. >> Ireland to Florida. Hello. Hello. It is very very busy today. Um it's usually this and Christmas week are usually one of the busiest >> uh weeks of the year. Thanksgiving also. >> I think this week the DVC points I seem to remember from years past maybe as many as they are the Christmas week. >> Wow. >> This is a very very busy time. >> Uh mine train. You usually don't see that in the afternoon. Usually first thing >> all the way down here. >> Wow. >> Slo says I'm DVC, but because I bought resale, I get no perks. Oh, gotcha. >> You have to have the card. >> You have to buy actual DVC. That makes sense. >> Yes, it is a launch day today. It's supposed to launch at 6:24. It's still going. I wonder what it says as the time. I'm going to look. >> Grab my phone because I was going to see if um like the mermaid open back. >> Yeah, >> if it's if we got there just when it was reopened. >> Yeah, we could jump in there. Um okay, what is uh where's the mine train at? >> 80 minutes. Oh my goodness. >> Definitely 80. A bubble went in my eye. >> They are still working on that circus tent. That's taking a minute. Ah, Tiger Tails on. I like Captain Eio. It was such a good show. I wonder if there's a table over here maybe. >> Well, and sometimes they're working on it. >> Yeah, but sometimes around the corner they have tables. So, let's go check. We'll go check. The line we just passed was for um Mine Train. >> Mhm. Seven Dwarfs Mine Train. Oh, Emar says it's still closed. >> Yes, thank you, Emo. >> Um, 40 minutes for Dumbo. Wowzer. And yes, they are working on this. Don't know when it'll be done. This is crazy. >> Amy says, "Hi, my daughter Charlotte would love a shout out. We're in the UK and I'm trying to get her to bed." Well, hello Charlotte. Better get some good sleep tonight. Okay. Thanks for watching. >> Yeah, back here. Perfect. Uh, is this on? >> The squirty squirts. >> I can't tell. >> Well, they aren't on right now. >> I know. Motion detected. >> Oh, yeah. There's tables up there. Perfect. They're also working on the meet and greets back here. So, that's why all the characters are out and about. Like over here's Donald and Daisy. And then back there was Goofy. Oh, these are going to be wet. >> Yes, they are. And I wonder >> they might. But actually, these are under umbrella, so they might not be wet. Let's check. >> You are correct. They don't look wet to me. >> Nope. This one's good. Awesome. >> Just a teeny bit wet. >> Yeah, >> I can dry that. >> Oh, thank you so much. >> Oh, this one's good. I'm good on that one. >> I mean, you know, you dry off eventually. >> Thank you so much. It's very nice of you. >> Perfect. >> Thank you. All right, guys. So, don't go anywhere. We're going to do an unboxing and then we'll continue on our journey around the park. I also want to check the weather and make sure we're not going to >> get another rainstorm coming. >> Do you know why it started raining so hard? Cuz we didn't bring our umbrella. >> That's exactly why you have a little seed on your shirt from a tree. >> I sure do. >> I probably have them in my hair, too. >> I don't see any. It just decided it liked your shirt. All right, guys. If I would have removed it, would a tree have grown out of my shirt? >> In your washer, cuz it would have come off in your washer. >> So, yeah. >> Totally in your washer. >> All right. So, we'll uh let's check the weather first. Oo, we are really crooked. Hang on, guys. I'm going to fix this. Did that fix it? Yeah, that's better. All right, checking the weather. Also, when we open our boxes, then the bags will take up less space. >> Oh, good point. Um, yeah, there is a 75% chance at 5:00. >> Okay, >> that's awesome. We need to pick a good spot, I guess, to Mhm. >> Oh my goodness. It looks like it's going to start at 4 something. So, yes, it is coffee green. >> All right, we'll let Sharon open first cuz she's got two. >> Want to open yours? >> Nope. Go ahead. >> So, again, show them real quick what we can get. >> Yes, you can. >> So, Mickey. Yep, you're good. Mickey, Donald, Winnie the Pooh, secret character number one, Minnie, Stitch, and secret character number two. Hey, Arn somewhere. No worries. Thanks for joining in. >> I don't save the boxes, so I don't really care if I rip them up. >> Rip them up. I don't see them either. >> I used to and now I'm like, there's no point. >> I put them in the recycle. >> Who' you get? Who did you get? >> A >> Mickey. A pink Mickey. Okay, that is >> I love the colors. >> Adorable. >> Okay, first of all, let's pull the band back out and show how cute this looks. >> Okay, stay. >> Okay, that is >> so cute. >> Okay, you're cute, Mickey. >> Oh, Amara says 80% go for launch. >> Still listed at 624. Okay, thanks, Amara. >> Oh, yeah. Mr. Green Giant, it started to pour. >> I'm hoping they got the parade through. >> We kind of need the rain though, so I don't hate that. >> Did I get the same? Oh, it did. I got the same. I actually kind of like that >> actually because >> that's super cute >> for a headband. >> I kind of like having >> two of the same >> the symmetry >> actually. I love that. >> Yeah. >> Okay, >> that's funny though. >> So, it is these colors for right now this time of year, spring. >> Yeah. >> Okay, let's see what I get. That would be funny if I got >> I picked these up from like totally different parts of the, you know, >> that's why you got to love blind boxes. You never know what you're going to get. All right, see what I get. Dale is not a pro golfer. He would love to be, but he is. He is definitely not. >> Andy would love to be, too. >> Yeah. >> Or I think both of them would love to be pro caddies. >> Yep. >> Uh-huh. I could see that. >> They just like being around golf. >> Yeah. Anything golf, Dale is there. It's kind of like anything Disney. And we're there. >> Yeah. Exactly. >> Man, they really taped this thing, didn't they? I did my nails today and I don't want to ruin them. All right, I'm going to do what Sharon did. We're ripping. Who do you think I'm going to get? >> Yeah, it was really hard to open, so I just had to rip it open. >> Yep. Ripping is good. Oh my word. Wait. >> No. No. It's different. Okay, good. Different color. Wait. >> What? Did you get a mystery? >> I did. It's Dale. >> I think it could not be more tooth. >> Oh my word. >> That is the perfect one for you. Okay, Dale knows how to find me. >> Um, that's good. Do you remember the last time you had a blind box? I think you wanted Dale. I don't even remember what we were opening you. Maybe it was the little farm bags or you wanted Dale for something. Maybe it was the regular Disney characters. >> It might have been. Yeah. Yeah. And I did get Dale, by the way, because of So Magico, she sent him to me. >> She's so sweet. >> That's very sweet. >> Okay, I kind of need another one now. >> Yes. >> Tim called it. He actually he goes, "You go open it and then you're gonna come back and buy another one." >> Yeah. >> I said, "Tim, stop it." >> That's why I got two because I'm like, I don't want to have to come all the way back here and get another one. >> I was trying to save my money. >> Yeah. >> Trying to save my money. But, you know, >> you know, $13% off. >> Yeah. Not that bad. So, I got one. So, the other one's got to be chip. >> Oh, because you're right. I mean, I would think so. Oh, that would be so cool if you got >> I love it. Thanks, guys. That was so cool. I do. It's a mystery. Dale, everybody said, "Yay!" Cindy Rose like that. You got your matching uh Mickey Mouse. >> Oh, thank you, Cindy. Yes, I think either matching Mickey or Mickey and a Minnie would be really cute. >> Yeah. Yeah. Actually, any of them together. >> Any of them look really cute together. >> Yeah, >> Donald. I think Donald is really >> Donald's cute. Stitchy, of course. I You can't go wrong with him. >> All right. I cannot believe I got a mystery. >> That's cool. That is so cool. All right, guys. Well, we're going to toss those and we're going to head on our way and figure Oh, thank you. figure out where we're going to take cover. I'm going to >> Okay. Okay. Why does it take so much effort to get up? >> I know. >> And sit down. >> And sit down. True story. All right, guys. I know. I still can't believe I got Dale. Yeah, we got everything right. Okay. >> Wow, that's a dark cloud. >> Yeah, that's the one that's going to pour on us. It looks like it's going to last for a good >> a good long time. So, that's awesome. >> That's awesome. >> That's awesome. You know what? We might go do the laugh floor. That is a nice little >> Let's wait a little bit though. Oh, >> they're making noises. Let's go around. >> Just in case. >> See? Oh, yep. Definitely making noise. >> Mhm. >> I didn't even know that this was close. >> Oh, you didn't? Yeah. It's been closed for a couple weeks, I think. >> SL says, "I love the charm on your necklace. Continued hugs." A thank you, slow. Yep. Dale got this for me. I love it so much. So, so cute. All right. Well, we're going to get out of this mess. And let me look at my weather one more time and see when we should time it right to get into the monsters last. I went into the Disney app. They're not going to tell me the weather. >> It's funny. >> Although that wouldn't be a bad idea. >> Totally. went up to 87%. Holy moly. Okay. >> Oh, >> well, it's gonna rain now. >> I know. I say I feel raindrops since it just >> Nope. Sometimes you walk under a tree and it's still dripping from the last rain. >> Yep. Nope. It's It's starting. >> Starting. >> All right. Well, let's head to >> the last floor or something. >> Oh my goodness. There's a tiny dog in that backpack. >> So cute. Oh, chip. That's kind of a lot. >> I know. That is a lot. Chip. Um, you know, usually they have a little crate for them. >> Well, I would hope they don't. >> Yeah, >> cuz I feel like that ride is too much. >> Too much. Yeah, poor thing. >> Um, wait. So, Emara said, "Where'd it go, Emara? I missed it." >> Um, where'd it go? Oh, here it is. Chip has the two front teeth. Dale has the gap between his teeth. So, did I get Chip? >> Well, you have. >> He looked like Dale. >> One, two. I don't know. We need to look at him again. >> Yeah, we got to look at him again. Hi, Tracy. Hello, David. I didn't see you there. >> Ooh, that's awesome, David. 88 days. So exciting. They're going to be celebrating America with us in 88 days. >> Wow, that's exciting. >> That is exciting. That'll be so fun. Um, let's see. Oh, yeah. Our plan is to watch the the rocket launch. >> Um, if it happens. Yeah. >> But Mara's at 80%. >> Still a go. >> We also hope that the cows go away here so that we can see it. >> Also true. All the things have to be just right. It's very windy here. I hope it's not windy on the coast like it is here. All right. Well, we can either go to monsters. We could go do people mover again. I'm never going to say no to that. Um, we're just trying to find something to do that is undercover and won't >> Yeah. So the skies won't drench us. >> Well, yes, Jason. Exactly. But the the little plushy I got was a whole different color, so his nose wasn't red or black. >> That's how I tell Dale and Chip. But it also just looked like Dale. You know how he has more of that mischievous look? >> Kind of looked like him. >> But I I get what Mr. is saying about >> Yeah. I Yeah. So, >> we're coming with another family. Actually, the family of the young lady that you and Sharon met when we came. Oh, that's cool, David. That will be so fun. Oh, >> the rain is hitting me in the eyeballs. >> Hi, Miss Sammy. >> I hope it's >> I know. Me, too. >> Cuz I have I have contacts in Tim says, "I too will be selling celebrating America there." >> Jim will be here. My daughter will be here. >> It's going to be a party. >> A lot of people here. >> So fun. >> That you know what that means? We have a lot of people to help us hold up fireworks and to hang out with. >> I love this plan. >> Yeah, the sky is very angry right now. >> And it wasn't even supposed to rain today. >> I guess it's that time of year. All right. Let's go see what monsters looks like. >> Let's go see what those monsters look like. See if they're behaving. >> Let's go see if they're behaving cuz right now we're kind of in the middle of it. We're not getting much. >> No, right now it's pretty. >> Yeah. All right. It says 10. Should we go on people mover? Yeah, maybe. What do you think? I just don't want it to be pouring. >> I know. >> But either way, >> everybody else will get in the line. >> Yeah. Oh, that is >> so hot. >> That is not >> That's definitely more than 10. Um, yeah, let's not do that. That looks crazy. All right, let's go do something else. Uh, let's go to people. >> Yeah, that looks way longer than 10. Also, why did it get chilly? >> We might have to buy sweatshirts. >> Yeah, hoodies or something. >> Yeah. Holy moly, what is happening right now? Got to love Florida weather. They should just open up this for us. >> I know. Wouldn't that be awesome? >> Yeah. Here's a space ranger spin. Do we magic or Epcot on the 4th? Okay. So, David, we normally do Epcot on the 4th, but text Josh cuz we have a little bit of a different idea this year, but normally Epcot. I don't know if we're going to do the idea, but we have an idea. So, yeah. just uh >> Oh, they're just going. >> Oh, yeah. So, just text Josh and then we'll figure this we'll figure it out if we're going to do the plan. >> Holy moly. >> The line is your idea. >> Yeah, they're like some place where everyone might be undercover. >> Get inside. >> No. >> Um, so I missed I wasn't >> Josh right when he did the test. Buzz Lightyear. Did he like it? And what kind of score did he get? >> I didn't watch the whole thing either. I think I was doing making dinner or it was after I forget. Dale and I were doing something. So, I just tuned in and then Sully was in line and then I tuned out. >> I know the scoring is a little different it seems from the videos. >> Yeah. Yeah. I'm curious to see what >> people scores have been much lower than the previous version. >> Yeah. Was anybody watching to see what what score Josh got? Hi Ellis Winter. Uh Jacob said, "Where'd it go?" Hi Dennis. So glad to hear your voice. I haven't seen a stream for you in a long time. Oh no, that's too bad. Um yeah, I'm live every Monday and usually Wednesdays as well and Fridays with Josh. >> But I'm glad you're here today. Welcome in. >> Josh got up in the 500,000. >> Good job I've seen. Wow. >> I've seen other like other people that got to give previews were like in the hundreds 200. >> Wow. >> But that's really good. >> Good job, Josh. >> Okay, we're technically in the ring. >> Good, I guess. >> Yeah, that's not technically getting. >> Yeah. Okay. Uh I forgot. Did you say that APs get a discount on Pandora with eyeballing one for Easter for the end of school year? We do get a Don't we get a discount on Pandora? >> Yes. >> Is it 10 or 20? I can't remember, David. But we do get one. >> You know what? I don't know. >> It's either 10 or 20 cuz that's one of those things where I'm like, I know it's expensive, so just >> Yeah, bring it up. >> Just bring it up. I'm just like whatever. True. True. >> Great question. But we do get at least 10 if not 20. >> He got space ace level. Okay, >> that's really good. >> That is really good for his first time. >> Yeah, >> with the new, you know, the new targets and guns and all that stuff. >> Very, very good. Going over the 4th of July is a bucket list trip for us, but not more than New Year's Eve. New Year's Eve is amazing. Fourth of July is fun, but I would say New Year's Eve is probably just a little bit better. Love the new Stitch one. And he's holding a rose. And that's Isa's middle name. Oh my goodness, David. I love that one, too. I think it is the cutest thing ever. And the little bunny stitch where he's holding a carrot. >> Yes. >> They're also coming out with doggy ones soon. >> I can't wait. Doug, Lady, and um a Dalmatian. I love the doggies. >> It always amazes me how you and Josh can get an awesome score. Oh, no. I don't do so well. Cindy, >> I do better at Toy Story Mania. Buzz, >> I was never good at. However, maybe I'll be good at the new one. >> Maybe. Yeah, >> we'll see. >> David says, "Wait a second. We're arriving on stitch day." What you are? 62626. This is a special stitch day. 62626. Get it. 6262626 26. >> Yep. >> Okay. I think I did get chipped cuz I just saw somebody that had a Dale and it is I think >> it has two teeth and they're further apart. >> Yes. >> Yes. That you're right. The chip has the kind of Well, I think it's supposed to be two teeth. together and Dale has the two separate. >> Yep. And I just saw a Dale. So, okay, I got Chip. >> Now you need Dale. >> Now I need Dale. >> That'll be hard to get. >> So guys, if you would like to book a trip right here to Walt Disney World, go check out our awesome sponsor, mikytravels.com. mickeytras.com. and they will help you book your trip. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself. They help you plan for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, book it with mickeyras.com. Also, go to mickeyblog.com for all of the latest Disney news. Uh David says, "Oh, wait. I got it wrong. We're coming on the 28th. 26th was my original idea." Ah, you're going to miss it. Girly girl says, "A man, now we're forced to buy another one." Lol. I know. Hi, Roxan. >> A happy spring break to you. >> We are doing people mover again. We were just trying to find something to get out of the out of the rain. >> Just needs to hold off until we get under the >> under the seat. >> Yep. Under the cover. Well, that was not on the app when I checked before I left my house. >> Same. >> So, but that's Florida, you know. >> Yeah. >> But after this little bit, it looks like we're okay. So, do they do a July 3rd at MK the day before? >> Yes, they do. That's why we do MK on the 3rd and Epcot on the 4th. And I feel like this year is going to be busier than ever. >> Yes. And also, >> hi Pickles. >> Rumors of an extra day of celebration. Oh yeah. We haven't heard like if that's for sure and which day it would be. >> Exactly. Yeah, there is a rumor of a third day, but we Yeah. Have no clue how that's going to work. >> Hello Joshua. How are you today? Having a short break this year. Oh, okay. Roxan, any break is better than no break, right? Is that Dale? >> That's Dale. >> Yep. That's the one I saw. >> So cute. So Dale is green and mine was like pinkish. Yeah. >> I might have an idea for July 3rd, 4th. I need to coordinate with Ralph. Okay, sounds good. Contact Ralph. >> Ralph. >> Ralph. >> That's >> Josh. Yep. >> Hey, Shannon. How are you? Welcome in. Hello, Blue Nose. How are you today? Annette says we'll be there July 4th and 5th. >> David said, "Except when you're talking about phone." What? >> What? David. Hi Louisa. Welcome in. Pop the like. Hit that subscribe button if you're new to the channel. We'd love to add you to the resort hopper family. Got 1100 in the chat this afternoon. It is good. Yeah. Hello, Caitlyn. How are you today? Well, the moving sidewalk thingy is working again. It's >> moving right now. >> Yep. >> Hang on. When you're on it. >> Oh, David says a little break is better than no break. Except for when you're talking about bones. Now I got you. Thought I heard my name. Now I got you, David. We were talking about spring break and I said a little break is better than no break. Unless you're talking about bones. >> Yeah, that's true. That's true. Hello Dave. Hi MPL Disney. How are you? >> That bird is my >> I know >> this is my spot. >> Y'all are being loud. >> Hello Megan. Annette says we were there last year for July 4th and 5th. Uh oh, not this year. We might be there in May. Did you see that? Oh yes. >> Okay. Are the birds taking cover? Maybe they know something. >> The birds. >> Shannon says, "Doing great rescuing a little because we flew in early this morning from our trip." Oh, I hope you had the best time, Shannon. That's awesome. Speaking of snacks, have you tried the cherry Coke churros? Yes. >> They were not our favorite. However, >> Ivonne tried them early one morning and she loved them. I think I think when they're fresher it might be better. >> We might need to try them. >> Pork was fine. It's just the texture was weird for us. It was very chewy and sticky and >> like a Disney churro and they're just Disney World churo. Yeah. >> Have we found any straws and stripe shirts? Not yet. Amara. We got to make some. >> I think that's meant to be an original. >> It is straws and stripes. >> Yep. Original on the channel. You could like combine Starbucks with a play. I don't know. I It would be adorable. I'm sure Emar or Tim could come up with a great idea. >> You'd rather have Pop Rocks. I love Pop Rocks. >> All right, I'm going to hold on this time. Yep. Hi, Patrick. How are you today? Link to the chat. But thanks for streaming today. You're welcome, Mary. >> Oh, no. It's all good. No worries. I'm glad I it worked out. Yeah, thanks. There's more on that side. Thank you. >> We did. It was so relaxing coming there for a girl trip. Long weekend with my best friend. Oh my goodness, Shannon. That is amazing. I love that. We were talking about girls trips today. We got to figure one out. Mom's doing much better. Thank you for asking. She's still getting her strength back. Um, they're also blocked out this week. Your ticket is blocked out. Tim says, "Oh, I have ideas." Good job, Tim. >> Right here. Yeah. Okay. Uh, David wants to know if he can tell pal Andy that he's going to be coming into town. >> Andy that they'll be open >> in July. >> Oh, yes. In July. >> I'm sure Sharon will tell him, too. >> I will definitely tell him. And I know that he'll want to see you guys. >> Sounds good. Uh, is there a band at five? I didn't know. >> Is it on Main Street? >> Guess Joshua Steel, congrats on 13 months of resource. Hi, Jenna. I've been going through some stress problems and my relationship is not good. So, I broke up with my ex. Channel is making me happy. Oh, no. Joshua, I'm first of all, I'm very sorry. Um, hearts for you. I hope everything's okay and uh glad that the channel helps a little bit. Thanks for being a member for so long. >> This is the TTA line. Non-stop service around Tomorrowland. >> Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Ora 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. the absolute best way to see tomorrow. And my stars, is there ever lots to see? From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in tomorrow. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders. Transfer to Green and Red Line. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling for the future right by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people rover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny OAC. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except actual stars. Those are no longer sold. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron White Cycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. >> Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. Guys, look at the line for turn. It's all the way down the ramp. This is Starboard 75 or as you locals call it space rock. Our highspeed rocket board to distant deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The global moves of 7. New H2 only to yourself today. I see you. >> Oh, back to back to back. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. paging Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy N31. Please keep clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Call in all space rangers. Report to your star cruiser and join me on this daring space mission. I'm your return. We're on the bus. You can count on us. You can tell that the things are different. They're lit up. The targets. That's so cool. >> That's awesome. I can't wait to ride it. Take the time to see the show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow central parks, our people mover journey has nearly come full. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're concluding, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. Today. See you in the future. All right, guys. That was fun. And we are literally I looked at the radar like split between two rain showers right now. Oh boy. >> But it looks like we're going to be okay. We'll see. >> We'll head toward Yeah, we're going to head toward the main street. See if we can catch the man. Um and if not, we can also catch the um >> So, I wonder if the band starts at 5. I don't know. We'll see. Either way, we'll get to see them. Um, we're in the hub down there in the front of the park. So, let's head that way. >> My boyfriend is in the band. I'm stuck in Michigan watching. Oh, okay. What does he play? So, it's a Michigan band, I'm assuming. Oh, that's cool. >> Very cool. Thank you for,300 people in the chat today. Oh, it's at 5:15. Okay. >> Okay. >> So, we'll go watch the flag retreat. Hopefully, we'll make it in time. And then, um, we'll watch the Cavalcade with the band right after. >> Sounds like a plan. He plays the bass drum. Okay, cool. Sounds good. Well, we'll we'll try to find the drummers. >> Yeah. I mean, at least that one's easy to spot. >> Yeah, very true. >> Although there's probably more than one >> also true, but they're probably, you know, near each other. So, >> yes, exactly. >> All right, let's head to Main Street, USA. >> It is very peopley today. We have 10 minutes. >> Looks like a Monsters Inc. show might have just got out. >> Ah, good question. >> I would say no, but I could be wrong. Uh, slow says, "Well, everyone, I need to get some work done before I leave the office. I love seeing you all today. Take care. God bless. Happy Easter. TGFN." Thank you, Slow. It was great seeing you as well. Happy Easter. Hey, Alberto. How are you? >> All right, we're going to get our power walk in. This is good cuz we ate a cookie. I also need to prep for my race. Yeah, >> I did run almost two miles yesterday. Well, run walk run walkers. >> So, I got to keep doing that though. >> Get ready for the race. What's the date of that? >> Um 18th, I think. So, it's a Saturday. So, it's coming up. If you guys have not already um donated to our awesome um goodness, words are hard. Our awesome charity that is supporting us u for the race. go check them out. If one of the moppers wants to post the link for them, that would be great. But it's experience camps. Um, and so what Experience Camps is is um they help out um they have a camp for kids and uh that are grieving either um a loss of a parent or a loss of a sibling or a caretaker of any kind. Um, so they take them to the camp, they let them have a fun, carefree week, and uh, they also have counselors there and grieving counselors and just all sorts of things for them to, you know, get through that very hard time. So, hello. How are you? Hi. Hello. >> Thank you so much. >> I haven't seen those. >> Yeah, these are from Tokyo. Somebody sent them to me. So, yeah. >> Duffy. >> I love Duffy. >> I can't wait for Duffy. Yeah, me too. Did you want to say hi on the stream or No, >> it's up to you. You don't have to. >> Do you see her? >> Hello. Where are you guys from? >> New Jersey. >> Awesome. A, you have a Duffy. I love that. And Figment Daisy. I love them. Very cool. Well, thank you for watching. I love your ears. Thank you. I appreciate that. Well, enjoy your trip. Bye, guys. So yes, go check out experience camps everybody. And if you want to donate to them, you sure can. And that will um or share them out, let people know about them. You know, also will help. But if you are able to donate, that would be amazing because it is a great great charity. >> That sounds like a great >> Yeah. And it does hit close to home for Josh and I because we have experienced that. We were young. But, you know, even when you're young, it does affect affects any age really. Um, I was four, Josh was, I think, six, and we had um a brother pass away. So, it was a very hard time for us. And something like experience camps would have been amazing. Um, we did go to counseling, so we did, you know, we did do all that. But again, if you guys can go check them out and go go donate. >> You know what? Oh my. The Starbucks line is out the door now. >> Holy moly. >> All right, guys. We have about six minutes. We'll make it. >> Uh Lane says, "Thanks for sharing the magic today. Much needed. My father-in-law passed away." Oh no. And MK is a happy place. I am so so sorry, Lane. That is very very hard. Prayers and hearts for you. Very very sorry. Oh, the rain is >> just a bit sprinkly. >> And they might not do the flag retreat if it's >> raining, but I guess they have to >> they have to lower it anyway, but maybe they don't. Well, they're standing up. >> That is a great question. Well, we're going to find out together. >> Jenna, can you watch the piano? Well, we're going to go watch the flag. >> Flag retreat time. It's really special if you guys are here in person. >> So good. >> It's worth It's worth coming and watching. >> 100%. They always pick a veteran um to go up and be part of it. Oh, they've got one already. Yeah. All right. Let's see if we can go along the fence right over here. Looks like we'll be able to. Okay. >> Oh, he has a doggy. A I love that. >> Hi, Mia. They're so pretty. A >> All right, so we got about 5 minutes and then we're going to get um we'll have the flag retreat. Haven't done this in a long time on the stream, so this will be neat. And then I guess the band will probably be coming after that, I assume. My castle's looking great, though. I got to say, >> thanks for 600 likes. Keep on boopping away. Share out the stream with all your friends and family. Hey, Nicole. back. >> Hey, Leaf. How are you? >> Hi, Leaf. That's Roy in case you wondered. >> Hi, Vone. I don't know if you're watching, but that's Roy right there. >> I can't make fun of her for that anymore. It's true. I misunderstood what your like little character on your I don't know. For some reason, >> Stitch dressed as Pinocchio. >> He dressed as Pinocchio. And I don't know why I thought it was Peter Pan. And then when Peter Pan came up Yeah. >> Peter Pan looked at me like he was very confused. >> Yeah, he was. He was a little confused, but you know, it's fine. >> He he he handled it well. >> Yes, he did. >> A thank you, Cindy. >> Uh he said, "Well, you know, you could dress up your little friend in a costume like me if you wanted." It was cute. >> I mean, their hats, >> their hats are very similar. I got you. >> Good afternoon and welcome. Main Street, USA. In just a few minutes, we invite you to join us in Town Square for our flag retreat ceremony. Once again, this Magic Kingdom tradition will begin in just a few moments. >> I love that they've kept this tradition. You know, it started with Walt in Disneyland and carried through. The one in Disneyland's different, too. If you've never watched, they Well, at least when I was there. I don't know if they still do this. Um, somebody let me know if you've been there recently, but they they have several like if anybody's a veteran, you can step up and then you come back. So, it's a little different, but very cool as well. And we were there with Kelly and Ivon and Kelly is a veteran, so he got to step up. So, yeah, it was very cool. >> Thanks, Catalina. >> It does look great, right, Tinkerbell? >> Uh, so the band is from Clinton Township, Michigan. Okay, very cool. So I guess if they come through right after we'll >> Yeah, it's fun. I would have loved to march at the Disney in the band. We got to come as a high school band, but we didn't get to march here. We marched at Gator Bowl, which was still cool. >> That's pretty cool. >> It was very cool. >> You guys got to do that. >> It was very, very cool. We're going to take the flag. >> Ninja driving, but we'll be listening. Sounds good. Awesomeness. Be careful. >> All right, here we go. >> Launch is still a go. All right. Thanks, Amara. >> Yay. H I hope we get to see you. >> Oh, wait. Launch is still a go, but they have a range issue. >> Okay. >> All right. We'll see. Oh, here comes the band. See what happens. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hello everyone. We are the damper dance and on behalf of the main street philarmonic, our magic security color guard and main street operations, we are pleased and proud to welcome you to today's fire treat ceremony here in town square. Our fiber treat ceremony is one of our original Magic Kingdom traditions and we're honored you've taken time out of your day to become part of this tradition with us. Stop. And now our national anthem. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Please join us in singing God Bless America. America. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Today we have the privilege being joined by a very special armed forces honored representative. Please join us in welcoming from the United States Marine Corps, Sergeant John Pangaborn all the way from Hay City, Florida. Thank you for your service. Goat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. That was the one. Yeah. So, that one should be happening. Nobody knew about the rain. >> That was so good. Um, okay. So, we have passholder uh paces $2. Thank you for showing the flag retreat. Oh, you're so welcome. I'm glad we were able to do it. We're not usually or I'm usually not here at this time. So, great. Great to show you guys. Thank you so much for the super chat. So, it sounded like she said that they might not be doing the next cavalcade. However, there are people lined up. So, >> why don't we just kind of chill for a minute? Maybe by this trash can. That's a good spot. And we'll see cuz I think we're going to be okay. But let's let's look. It's right now like right here. Although, you never know. Right down the street. It might be. >> Yeah, it could rain here and not in Tomorrowland, you know. Okay, we are living on the edge. >> That cloud right there over your house. >> That's the one over the castle looks a little threatening, >> but let's watch this. >> Yeah. >> And it goes away. So, I think we're going to be okay. >> Oh, it's moving. >> Yeah. >> Hi, Spider-Man. Hey, day on the green rocker. Yes. I guess it's I think it's going to move on. Um, and I definitely want to catch the band if the band was on itself. >> I would love to see the band. >> Yeah, we got to see three bands at Epcot on Monday. And one of the the moms actually one of them messaged on our on our uh stream and said that thank you so much cuz she missed them playing the pirate song. >> So that was really fun. >> So cool. Yeah, >> fun for a parent to have >> greetings every cafe has been apologize for any inconveniences may have caused and we invite you to join us for the next scheduled performance. Please ask a cast member or check the My Disney Experience app for Cavalcade Showtime. Once again, this performance of the Disney Adventure Friends have a game with Thank you. >> Hi, Greg. Hi, Chelsea. Hey, Monoa J. Welcome in. All right. Well, let's just go in the shop and if we hear a band, we'll just pop our pop right back out. We can do that. Um, so yeah, the cavalcade's been cancelled. I'm assuming they canled the band cuz why would they cancel? But maybe they'll do the later one. >> That's my thought. Well, they'll probably do the later one, I'm assuming. >> Oh, this is all new. >> Oh my goodness. >> They just Oh, and the ears. >> Have you seen this? >> I saw a picture, but no. This This I know. Is this adorable? >> Adorable. >> Okay, that is $39.99. What are these? >> I would have this year round except for Christmas time. >> Like I feel like in Florida, you could have this on your like a decorative. >> That is very Florida. These are salt and pepper >> salt and pepper shakers. Adorable. >> $29.99. Love it. Love it. Right. Little picture frame. That's really cute. >> That is cute. >> Oh, and these little bag charms. >> When does spring break crowds Oh my goodness. >> Isn't this a cute bag charm? >> Cute. We got orange. >> Pretty substantial. >> We've got cherries, lemon, >> lemon, and they are $14.99. So cute. You'll be there next month. And my wallet is in trouble. Okay, those are Okay, those are cute. >> So cute. >> The spring break crowds probably let up maybe next week, if not the next week. >> Mhm. >> Definitely the end of April, but we'll see. Those are cute. >> Um there's also uh probably 36.99, I think. 39. >> I don't know how much this is, but it's cute. And then you've got the the mug. I really like this. >> $59.99. Look at the topper. >> So cute. >> It makes me want strawberries. >> And yes, it's big. I like the towel. >> Oh, I didn't see the >> Oh, and the mug. Oh my goodness. >> I know. >> So, here's the towel. $19.99. It comes with just one. >> Here's the mug. Probably $19.99. >> This would make a great little gift for Yep. $19.99. >> And a wine stopper. Oh, thank you. Price is right with Disney. >> Uh-huh. >> I got this. >> Yes. Think you need to >> If they held the Disney prices right, you'd be really good on that. >> I think I would. I could do this. Oh, and then the little throw. >> Throw this little My goodness. >> Glass set. >> This is probably Ooh, it's so soft. >> There we go. >> $44.99. And then this set of four. Are they >> plastic or No, they're glass. >> They're glass. >> Okay. Those are adorable. >> Um 20. Wait. $4.99.99. >> And these my glasses, >> so these remind me, these are very 70s to me. Like where you'd watch those sitcoms where they'd have orange juice. >> Yes. >> That would be the orange juice glass. >> Hey, Maria Hall, how are you? >> They remind me of some like sometimes you would buy something, it would have a really cool giveaway with it. Like if you, I don't know, bought like so many things of Kool-Aid or whatever and you save up the, you know, >> trade it in for a free. That might be it. the Florida shirt. >> Love it. Love it. Uh, Blue Nose says the coast is clearing. I love that. >> Here's the stitchy ear. >> Fairly new. >> I'd have to bring an extra suitcase with me right now. >> Buy all the things. They also have that adorable bag. >> Oh my goodness. Yeah, they have a ton of that. >> Your dad needs >> train bag. I know. I showed it to him. He thought it was pretty cool. >> All right, let's go this way. Um, I would show you guys closer, but there's people in front of it. >> $54.99. >> Okay. All right. Oh, they moved. Let's show the train real quick. Oh, no. Okay. >> That way you can see both of them in person. >> It is so cute. >> And then you've got Mickey on one side. However, it is $100. So, >> very cute though. It does. That's true. It does light up, >> which is a really cool little detail. Um, all right. What else we got here? >> Don't go anywhere, guys, cuz we are uh planning on showing the rocket or launch. Oh, you're all good. Rocket launch eventually. Hi, Jennifer. Hello to Kenzie. Welcome in if you're just joining us and you're getting off work. Love the Thumper shirt so much. Sorry. That's okay. >> Love it. >> $46.99 for that. >> Mono said 100 is >> Yes, it is. It is. >> You don't see a lot of Thumper merch. It's really cute. >> I love him. If I weren't worried about the bling bling coming off, >> agree. >> I might get it. >> Mhm. >> But I am a little worried about that. >> Yeah. >> All right. >> Yeah. >> I have shoes like this. They're not comfortable if you have a wider foot. >> I I >> And I do. >> Yeah. >> From being on my feet for years and years, like retail and now this, my feet have expanded, >> as they do. But they're very cute. >> They expand. Mhm. >> They expand when after you have a baby. They just like all kinds of things. >> All the things. Uh Georgie says, "We love when you live stream. So great." A thank you, Georgie. That's so sweet. I'm glad you enjoy my streams cuz I enjoy bringing them to you. All right. Oh, here's some more shirts. Let's go see too um if they have a lot of the graphic TE's that I saw. They do have these which I got Brit >> this one. >> That's cool. >> He needed it. >> I sent it to Brit. >> Yeah, >> I should clarify. He bought it. >> Wear it when he comes out to experience the opening of the revamped >> Oh, smuggler's run. >> I love that plan. Brit, did you hear that? You got to come out. Wear your shirt. We also have Kevin probably too, but you know, >> but he needs come out here. >> Might as well. Okay. >> So, oh, this one's new. Did you see this one? It's like all the sidekicks. Isn't that adorable? Oh, here it is. >> T-shirt. >> I'm not a big fan of the color, but I like the shirt. >> That would be the only thing I would >> It'll look good on some people, but >> for Disney, >> not me. The background colors on some of these are >> I know. Not the best on some people. Some people It's fine. >> That kind of tan. Not really my best color. >> Yeah, >> I like the red, white, and blue one. >> Me, too. I love it so much. Oh, >> wait. Oh, they did go up. >> Yeah. >> Darn it. Okay. I I was like, "Hang on, they didn't go up." >> Yeah, they did. >> Um, they have a Winnie the Pooh class of 2026. That's adorable. We have a head chef over there with Remy. which is really sort of redundant. >> Head chef >> because chef means >> Oh, well there you go. >> technically. >> Okay. >> Like >> Huh. Interesting. >> Like sort of a hit person. >> I have not seen these in person. >> There's two. We have two. >> They're heavy. >> They're heavy. >> Yeah. I wouldn't wear these. >> This is why I wanted to pick them up before I >> Yeah, >> they're really cute, but I wouldn't wear them. >> They do have those little teeth in them. >> I don't know how comfortable. And I'm surprised cuz they're Loungefly. >> Yeah, the Mickey's are super heavy. >> Usually Loungeflies are pretty expensive. Yeah, they're expensive, too. But they're usually comfortable, but I don't know about these. >> These are $46.99. >> $47. Not add to cart for me. They're cute. >> Made this lighter. >> They totally could have made it lighter. >> The band is also really heavy. >> It is. And And you're right. The See, they had to put the the combin Uhhuh. because it's heavy. >> And with the comb, sometimes if you have your hair up, it will pull it out. >> Uhhuh. >> Which is no bueno. >> All the problems. >> All the problems. You got to think this through before you come to the park. >> Or as my daughter said, >> first world problem. >> Exactly. >> I know. Complain. >> It's true. >> But we're not complaining. We're just telling them. >> Yes, we are warned here. >> Yes. I mean, >> on top of Disney, be warned. heavy. That is why a the mom shirt is cute. So cute. Magical mom sidekick like mom sidekick. >> Mom mom and their babies. >> A little cute. Yeah. >> There's also an awesome dad >> with the dad and the and the children. >> Mother's Day. >> Father's Day. >> You're all set. >> All right. See what's in the next shop over. Mother's Day is sneaking up on us. >> I know. F is Wait, Mother's Day is first and Father's Day. That's right. Um, I don't see anything new off of so far yet. Yep. Nothing new at the moment. We'll just keep going. See what else we see. 1 hour 5 minutes until the launch. Oh, they have the stickers here, too. I love that. 1 hour and five. >> I thought you said five. I'm like five. >> We're going to be six something. No, I'm just kidding. >> Okay, that's fun how they put them on the cups. >> That's cute. >> Oh, that's really cute. >> I like that. Those are >> the decals. Smart. Is that kind of >> smart Disney? >> Yeah. >> Or or some people do laptops or they might put them on like a a notebook. >> You got options. >> I can decorate my new laptop. >> There you go. Perfect. And then everybody will know what's yours. >> Exactly. All those people in my house. >> Uhhuh. One other person. >> You'll be like, Andy, no touching. >> That's mine. It's busy on this side. I love these little nuts. >> I know. They're so cute. If I was going on a cruise, I would still buy some and then you hide them and then people find them. >> Oh, that's cute. >> Sort of like little scavenger hunt. Yeah, pixie dust. Exactly. All right, let's get out of here. It is. I did see that somebody posted on Instagram with our dog and the shape of the thing the dog swallowed. Was one of these? >> Oh, sorry. >> Oh, cool. Oh, wait. Wait. What? >> Okay. Not cool. I'm sorry. Hang on. >> That was insane. I was like, there was a guy going this way and a guy I was like, >> but it was kind of funny cuz the caption was, "Guess what this is?" And you're kind of looking at it like, "Oh yeah, that's >> Oh my goodness." Okay. Sorry. Sorry. I barely heard what you said first because there was people coming this way and that way and I didn't know where to go >> and then I was like, "Wait, did I just say that's cool?" >> Oh, so there's not a >> Oh, they'd have to >> cuz I feel like it's a little too >> That was nuts. Hope that it will >> Yeah. No, exactly. >> It's not going to break down. >> No, it's plastic. Did you did you see all that happening or was it all behind you? Okay, cuz there was one guy behind you like going like this and then the guy the lady in front of me and then the scooter and then >> Yeah, >> it was a lot. It was a lot. But we made it. That's all that matters. We made it. >> We were We were 100%. >> That was nuts. Okay, we can breathe. >> That's a good spot if it doesn't start raining. >> I know. Seriously. So, does anybody know if they're still going to have the band? Uh, the way people are sitting, >> it looks like it. >> Somebody walks by. >> The cavalcade was cancelled, but let's look and see. >> There you are. >> Oh. Oh, hi. >> A that's awesome. How are you? >> Good. >> If you're going to be around at 6:15, our son was in Chipua Valley High School. They're marching down. >> Somebody told us in the chat, but we didn't know when. Okay, perfect. Okay, >> you're going to be here and my husband and I follow you guys on YouTube. It is a pleasure to finally meet you. >> Nice to meet you. Do you want to say hi on the stream? >> Hi guys. >> What's your name in the chat? >> Lori and my husband Jason. We're here for Chipo Valley High School marching band marching down Main Street. >> Very good. So 6:15 you said >> 6:15. >> Okay, we'll come back. >> And I was following you so I could find you. >> That's awesome. >> Very good. All right. Well, we have time. >> Yeah. So >> good. For some reason, I thought it was before that. >> Well, I think it was supposed to be and then the rain, you know. Yeah. >> So, we'll have to watch our time though because the that's 6:15 and then the launch is 6:24 and I want to be >> So, you know what we could do is be down that way. So, then we can flop over and watch. Okay. >> We can flop over. >> Flop on your side. >> Flop. >> Yes. >> It's It's mandatory. >> Oh my goodness. swapping around Main Street. >> Yep. All right. I need a restroom break. >> And we haven't been on this side of the park yet. So, let's squander this way. >> This is what happens during spring break. It can be actually difficult to get from one side of the bird to >> Oh my goodness. We couldn't even get out of the store. >> Temptations. >> Yeah, it's true. >> That was a crazy bananas moment, but we made it. My mom and brother went to Chipawa Valley High School. That's cool. Tim, >> is that what she said? >> I don't Maybe. That's what she said. Is that what she said? Okay. >> Um, yeah. Do you >> Yeah. hang out over by the water or something. See if there's any ducks or friends in the water or whatever. Sharks. >> Sharks. You never know. I see ducks already. Thank you very much. Got it. Disney ducks. Be right back. All right. >> Happy Wednesday, Jessica. There's still water in this side of the sort of moat system. The one that's right around the castle is empty right now, of course, for the painting. They do circulate the water between all of these waterways in the park and out into the lagoon in front of the park to keep the water moving, which helps prevent mosquito nests, you know, laying eggs. Oh, no. I have not seen the Small World merch yet. Oh, we should look for that. I saw it online, but I haven't seen it in person. The pictures online look really cute. Hello, Anthony. >> Oh, person in turquoise waving. Wait. I'm looking. I'm looking. You should just come say hi. Earlier, Jen and I were talking about how many attractions are opening or reopening soon, which is really exciting in Disney. Of course, next week is Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin. And then at toward the end of May, we have, I believe, Thunder Mountain Railroad and the new SA Across America, the Animation Courtyard in Hollywood Studios, all kinds of exciting things. Oh, Tinkerbell. We moved um almost a year ago this summer. It'll be We're coming up on a year in a couple of months here, which is hard to believe. It went by really fast. Oh, hi Debbie. I was thinking maybe you were like oh you were like across the way or something which would have been really fun but yes hello thank you for waving from home. >> Hi Sandy Pandy. Yes, I do really like living here. We have been we had been planning on doing this for many years and uh both my husband and I retired at about the same time and so that we just put it in motion. It's pretty daunting thinking about moving across the country, but it all worked out. >> Okay. Hi Shannon. >> Shannon, are you guys in town right now? >> Thank you. Yes. Um, Shannon, she said they just got back. >> That Shannon. >> Oh, sorry. Different Shannon. Okay. Yep. From vacation. Gotcha. Gotcha. All righty. Well, I guess let's just go venture into adventure. Adventure into Adventure Land. >> I like it. >> You know, as you do. DVC. Andy says, "Hi, Sharon." Andy. >> Hello, Andy. They have a Main Street vehicle out. All righty. She says not till July 4th. Okay. Um, okay. This way. Dway. >> You know what sounds good? >> Cheeseburger egg rolls. Right. We might need those for dinner. I don't know. >> Sounds actually cooking that earlier today. You read my mind. That's so funny. Either that or the mac and cheese um tater tots that we wanted to >> see. I never get tired of that. >> Me neither. I'm good with either. Or we could get one and share. >> I like that idea. >> We could get two. >> One, two, whatever. We'll figure it out. >> We could split. You like that? Yeah. A splities. >> Love it. >> Hi, Karen. >> Something's happening. Oh, castle show. I was like, wait, the band's coming. >> Here's our Adventure Land sign. >> You know, the one ears I've only seen pictures of and not in person is the small world ears. Somebody just asked me if we've seen the merch today. >> Okay, so I've only seen it online and not in person. So maybe we need to go to the um shop around to that >> the one that they sometimes have small world stuff in over by Philhar Magic. >> All right, let's do that. >> A cute shop. >> It is a cute shop. >> I agree. >> Hi MDF. Happy magical No. Happy whimsical Wednesday. I forgot what day it was. Guess what day it is. I don't know. Oh, hello. I don't know what day it is. often. I don't know what day is unless it's a streaming day for you guys. And then it helps me remember. >> Well, that's good. Yeah. When you're retired, it's >> Oh, you know what? >> Let's go do this. >> Ready, set, go. Pivot. >> It'll help you prepare for your race. >> Exactly. >> And it's just something fun to do when it's busy outside. You want to go here? >> Wow. You started a trend. >> The rocket launch. They said it's at 6:24. So, we'll see if it actually happens at 6:24 or a different time. We don't know. But, we're going to be ready. All right. This was Family Robinson Treehouse. I forgot it was April Fool. So, my sister-in-law got me with AI. Oh, that's so funny. I bet that's easy to do now. >> Trick you with the AI. >> Oh my goodness. >> It's looking more and more realistic. That's for sure. >> Oh my word. Yeah, 100%. Here, let's pull over and let other people by. And >> have you seen this movie? >> Uh-huh. When I was a kid, it was on the Disney Channel a lot. >> Yes, it used to be on the Disney Channel Sunday nights. >> Is it I'm sure it's on Disney Plus. >> Oh, that's a good point. It probably is. >> Mhm. >> Okay. I smell barbecue. >> Mhm. >> Do you think they're cooking for us up top? >> Maybe. >> Yeah, we should. >> But also, it made me think of Disneyland and in their Adventure Land, they had those skewers. >> Mhm. >> Oh my word. >> This way, like across the way, they have a barbecue stand. >> Why do we not have this? >> Yeah, we need that. We need a skewer place like Disneyland. Launch clock is still ticking 51 minutes. Okay. >> Okay. All systems go. Okay. All right. Up, up, and away. Feel the burn. At >> least it's a nice day for it. >> That's a nice breeze. >> Wind is taking the humidity away. >> It is. Yeah, the humidity is much better. Sorry, I'm not reading chat. I can't see it. Well, I'm going up the steps. I don't really want to trip. >> Thank you. I'm coming right there. >> Oh goodness. Okay. Feel the burn. I'm glad they don't make your 10k come up the >> Oh my words. >> Can you imagine? >> You got to go up the stairs and down the stairs. Up the stairs and down the stairs. Love it. The view from up here is just amazing. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to watch lunch. We got time. Hey, Gian Pierro. As long as we can see it. >> Uhhuh. >> It's very cloudy at the moment. So, yeah. Go ahead. >> Very, very cloudy at the moment. So, we'll see. >> Yeah, we hope we see it. >> It says weather 90% go. But there is another issue they are looking at. Uh >> oh. There's people in the rocket. They got to be careful. >> They got to be really careful. Yeah. And I get it. Look, the water is coming from here. That's cool. I'm not sure I've ever noticed that. >> Oh, that's awesome, Jay. Very fun. Have fun on your first solo trip. Man, if you got breezes like this while you were sleeping in your treehouse, that would be amazing. >> Yeah, it feels perfect. >> It really does. >> This would also be a good view. >> Uhhuh. >> If you know, >> if you lived here, right? >> You know what would be cool? If they actually had real like places you could stay here and they did like a like a you know, >> like they do in the castle. >> Yeah. Like a giveaway or something or like they did with like >> Give kids a world one time to stay in the castle suite. Yep. if you could stay here in Swiss Family Robinson. >> Of course, if the weather is good, >> um, you know, >> I think you have to like >> be a celebrity or something. Yeah. Yeah. >> But I don't think they just surprise people with that anymore. >> No, could be wrong though. They're so dirty. All right, guys. >> Oh, thank you. >> Look into that. >> Thanks. That's very sweet. Um I I'm guessing they still have to pay for it, which I don't think I could afford. >> It is your house. >> Good point. It is my house. I forgot. How did I forget? Super fun. Their room. Okay. Fritz, Ernst, and Francis completed on the first anniversary of our deliverance, July 17th, 1805. I forgot that was their names. All right, guys. Once we get down, I'll read more chat. Just got to be careful. Oh, there's a squirrel. Oh, they're throwing in popcorn. Oh my goodness. Don't let the squirrel fall. All right, guys. Oh, yeah. Here's the water coming from the top all the way down. We'll see it down here. That is so fun. And it's fun that it still works. Hey, David. >> Trying to see where the water Oh, okay. So here it comes down this way. >> Yeah, it is. And then it comes down here to here to here >> and then into these barrels. Oh, that's cool. >> Okay, that is really cool. And it it's actually going down like you can see it from up above. I don't think I've ever noticed that before. >> That's fun. >> Do you think they're making barbecue for us? >> I mean, it smells like it. >> So, I would join, >> you know, if we're invited, of course. Oh, and here's where the the king sits. It's where you you sit when you're in charge. >> Yep. Hey, Catherine. Hi, Shaggy. So, guys, check out another awesome sponsor that we have, uh, resort tv1homes.com, brokered by expy. If you guys are wanting to, um, live here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, check out resorttv1homes.com. Again, brokered by expy. Go over there, fill out the information form. We'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Resorttv1homes.com. Go check us out. Do you remember back in the day? >> Mhm. >> There was like a little There were like little mini boats that you could drive. >> Yes. >> They were right here in this water. >> It was so fun. I remember my brothers always wanted to do it. >> And they also used to have those in Disneyland. Yes. >> At the Disneyland Hotel. >> Yes. I love those, too. And they had a nightly like little water show. >> Yes. >> A cute show. >> Don't Don't eat our barbecue. Yeah. No. >> You can get a drink. >> Oh my word, that was so scary. He jumped right at us. Oh my word. Did you guys see him jump at us or did I move too quick? I got to go back and watch that. >> Oh my word. Okay, that was a >> We need a house. >> That girl was coming right towards us. We swear it was. >> We need an HHN house where a squirrel comes right at us. >> That would be clearly that would be terrifying because >> clearly >> I think we scream more than when things he literally had his little arms out and like >> Oh my word. Okay, I got to go back and check that out. I think I turned away before he got towards us. Oh my word. >> A squirrel was The squirrel was trying to attack. >> Attack of the squirrel. He's like, "What the I can do what I want." Oh my word. >> She wasn't afraid of us >> at all. Nope. Not at all. That's going to be a real. >> Yeah, we could put it as a real. That would be funny. >> Oh my word. >> The screens. >> Oh, 100%. That's the best part. the my idea that they'll have a bird house like at the end they could have a flying squirrel >> or a flying bird. I'd scream either way. Oh, there's the line for jungle crew. Lots of people waiting in line for Jungle. >> Wow. Okayoo that that woke me up, not going to lie. Oh my goodness. He just keep score. >> He's coming out. Uh oh, Jack Sparrow lost his hat. >> Oh dear. >> Jack, you okay? >> Wow. >> Jack Sparrow. Somebody look for a Jack without a hat. >> Squirrels scare me, too. They laugh at us. >> Uh Mr. says, "I believe you caught his jump." Oh my word, man. >> Okay, I cannot wait to see Uh, battery check. Thank you, Tim. We're at 30%. >> That's pretty good. >> So, yeah, we'll probably have to charge here soon, but we're good as of now. Thanks, Tim. Remind me again. I can't wait to see it. I don't need Starbucks. No, I'm okay. I I got I got the adrenaline going. I might need a margarita, though. >> Excuse me, Beacon Barrel. >> We might need seven Beacon Barrel, you know, punch. Yeah. I need a drink after a squirrel tried to attack me. >> Yeah. >> Oh my goodness. >> We have proof. >> We have proof. Yeah. >> It was not an animatronic. No. >> We're going to make it super dramatic. The squirrel was coming. >> I mean, it was >> It was, but I don't think Claire He didn't care that we were right there. >> No, he did not. He He didn't He wasn't coming at us intentionally. >> We just thought he was. >> Yeah. Let's go in the shop since we can't ride the ride. It's a little too peopleley. Okay. Wowza. I'm still like too. >> That was some good adrenaline. >> That was some really good adrenaline. Oh my goodness. >> Um, okay. >> Oh, this is cute. This is new. I like it. >> Okay. If we were cold, we could have come back. >> All that glitters is gold. Wait. All that glitters >> be not gold. >> Yeah. This is really really >> $59.99 and too heavy. >> Mm- It's perfect. >> Hey, Disney Dream. >> Oh, yeah. You don't see any squirrels on it. >> No, we're okay so far. >> A That's adorable. Uh, you did catch it. I rewound and watched it. It was hilarious. Okay, I can't wait. My heart is still racing. >> Yeah, me too. >> Oh my goodness. >> You know, like how your your side mirrors say thing objects may be closer than they appear. It was close. >> It was very close. >> Very close. >> Oh my goodness. Jenn and Sharon, that was so funny. First Josh was attacked by a bird and now you ladies were almost attacked by a squirrel. Why did Jenna have a heart attack? A squirrel attacked her. That's why. Oh my goodness gracious. >> Yep. I need a margarita. >> Well, and you were attacked by a >> bird. No. Pigeon. >> Pigeon in >> Universal. >> Universal. >> That was scary, too. All the animals are out to get me. >> And I love animals. I don't know why they want to get me. >> They don't understand. >> I love all of them. A I love the pirate suit. >> I know. I'm I'm like, >> "Yep." Okay, here we go. We got this. >> We can finish the stream. I promise. Oh my word. >> Yep. That was a thing. Um They just wanted to be our be our friend. >> See, he knows you. Look at your phone. >> He knows. He knows. Um, let's just go this way, actually, cuz >> Yeah. We'll cut through by uh the dolehip place cuz we got to make start making our way back up front so we don't lo we don't get too far. All right. Uh he was just trying to hug me. Oh, there you go. Okay. >> Is that what it was? >> Oh my word. I forgot about the bat attack. A bat flew right at me. Oh yes, >> you did get I had a bat really close to my head. Like it kind of circled, >> but you got hit by a bat. >> Well, okay. So, yeah, in college I got hit by a bat. Here at Disney, one flew at me. >> Okay. >> It didn't hit me, but it flew at me. >> All right, let's see. We're like dodging people again here. >> And hello, Dale Clay. How are you? >> 1300 people in the chat. We have almost 800 likes. Thanks everybody. Please mop the like if you haven't already. Subscribe if you're new. >> Also, go check out David's Vacation Club rentals. DVCrequest.com/tv dvcrequest.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. But you can rent a DVC villa for a fraction of the cost over at David's dvcreest.com/tv. Hey Tracy, >> I don't think it's going to rain. It doesn't look like it. >> Not at the moment. >> But yeah, >> but you never know. >> It is Florida. >> It might be raining somewhere, but >> yeah, >> not on top of us right now. >> It's like, you know, 5:00 somewhere. Well, it's 5:00 right here. >> Around us. >> Yeah, we're in a little clearing right now. >> Oh no. in the uniform. >> True. >> Oh, for sure it happens. Maria says, "The squirrel was thinking of modeling as a shoulder pal." Oh my word. Speaking of shoulder pal. Okay. Did you guys get on Instagram today and see all the funnies that everybody was posting, you know, for April Fool's Day? >> So, one of them was Universal on the AP Universal Instagram account. >> Yeah. And they posted >> a new shoulder pal, but like quote unquote new shoulder pal. Obviously it was for April Fool's Day, but it shows a guy with a obviously aed in churro with a hat and a lanyard that said AP. It was hilarious. Every in the chat like in the comments were like, "We need that. Make that real. >> We need that." >> It was so funny. And then did you see HHN? >> They posted one, too. >> Oh, they did? >> Yeah. How they were going to do like special events for all the holidays, you know, like >> a scary tax day or you're you're going to a party by yourself. >> I mean, sometimes tax can be scary. >> Yeah. >> And going to a party by yourself. That's scary. It you have to go. So, go to HHN's and then go to Universal's annual passholder. It was funny. Tropic Adventure, how are you? >> The the animals have voted and elected you Snow White. Oh, I love that. Well, I am wearing Snow White's scent from Bath &amp; Body Works, so maybe that's why I'm attracting them. That was my favorite scent out of all the princesses. Hi, Tara. I'm watching from Brisbane, Australia. Well, thank you so much for watching. What time is it in Australia right now? It's probably morning of tomorrow. >> Morning of I guess I should say Thursday. It's not your tomorrow. >> Good point. >> All right. Well, let's go check out the Small World Shop. Then we'll make our way back to Main Street so we can get a spot. >> Get a spot and also check out the launch. The launch is happening, we think, at 6:24. We'll They might have canceled it, >> but I haven't heard anything yet. So, >> I like the summer overlay for Dark Universe. Oh my goodness. Yes, Universal posted that, too. They're going to have a summer overlay. And they had Eigore in like a summer hat. >> Oh my gosh, that's funny. >> It was cute. >> They did a great job. >> All right, I must be hungry. Everything smells delicious. >> Like even the French fries. I'm like, "Oh, I want French fries." >> 7:50 a.m. on Thursday. Okay. That's what I was thinking. It was morning time. >> Yeah. >> Have you guys switched times yet? Or >> or do you guys not Do you not do that? I don't know. Maybe you don't do that. I know in Europe they do it later than we do. >> Okay. >> Maybe they don't over there. I don't know. Let us know. Isn't there like one country that doesn't do it? >> Oh, I don't know. >> Sort of like >> maybe >> like how we have a state in Arizona doesn't do it. >> Oh, Arizona doesn't it? Ah, interesting. >> You you know a fun fact when we growing up in southern Indiana, we didn't change times either. >> We stayed one time. >> I think you told me that. >> Yeah. And uh but the town south of us an hour and north of us an hour changed and so we had to but we had more time to shop when we went south. >> Okay. >> Like an extra hour. >> But now we all the whole state changes now. >> Why do I feel >> I think it's the rain from the firework thing. Yeah. >> Or like the sprinklers. >> So Josh is with Liam tonight. Liam had something going on. So, I don't know if he'll be able to see the launch where they're at, but hopefully. A Thank you for subscribing to my channel, Terra. Thank you so much. UK and Europe moved last weekend. Okay. >> Cool. >> Thank you, Jeff. >> Uh, we changed one hour forward UK last weekend. All right. Thanks, guys. >> Oh, okay. I don't know how I'm yawning after that squirrel attack. >> Almost squirrel attack. >> Your energy out of here, >> I guess. Yes. Now I'm exhausted. >> So funny. Uh, we have daylight savings in the summer from October to April. >> Okay, cool. >> Hello. I'm sorry if this was already addressed. I'm just joining. Was Buzz still open today? No, it's not been open at all since we've been here. I don't know if it was open earlier, but >> uh Yeah. No, I didn't see it. >> Yeah. >> Well, maybe this morning. I don't know. >> We got here about 2:30 3:00 and it wasn't open then. >> Yeah. We missed it. >> However, they had the windows open in People Mover, so we got to look into it. So, that was fun. >> As far as we know, it's going to officially open next week. >> Yeah. Next a week. >> A week from today. >> Yeah. A week from today. >> We did. We changed time 1st of March, right? Is that when we changed time? >> Yeah, I think it was a question, Jim. I think it was the 1st of March. Really puddling >> or like the Yeah, cuz it was It was right after Oh, >> hello. I know you. Oh, Andy will know. When did we switch time, Andy? >> When did the >> Was it 1 of March? >> First weekend in March. >> Yay. I got it right. Awesome. Oh, >> March 1st. >> The first weekend. The first Saturday in March. >> Yeah. So it was like March >> 7th. It was the seventh. >> March 1st I think was the Sunday. >> Correct. >> Okay. So the first Saturday in March. Got you. And look, they have them. >> Oh my goodness. This whole line is gorgeous. >> Oh my goodness. >> Look at the hippo, too. >> Okay. Anybody's wondering, these are just as beautiful, if not more in person. They really are. I love you. >> I know. If that was the cactus kind of sparkly, >> it would be add to cart immediately. But it's not my cactus. >> Yeah. >> Look at the >> It's so pretty. >> These are really nice. Not heavy. >> Um we we actually go live all the time. We live here. So um definitely hit that subscribe button. We go live usually on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays, sometimes Saturdays. So >> definitely subscribe and hit the notification bell. >> Okay. This >> is all new. Do they have my cactus? >> There is a cactus, but it doesn't have a guitar. >> Come on. >> That's cute though. >> How much? >> Um, they have a whole >> 1999. >> 1999. They have this new sweatshirt hoodie. And here's the back. That's really >> right. Happiest cruise that ever sailed. >> Um, let's go. that they have the >> little dish towel. Oh my goodness. What is that? A light. >> It's Oh, good. >> It is a light. A >> It is lit up. I don't know if you can try to put him. There you go. >> So cute. >> Okay, now we need >> I need this. >> We need cactus merch with >> Yes. >> Um next time every everybody What is this set of six stickers? Wait, do they have my cactus in here? >> Good question. >> Uh oh, the show's getting out. >> I don't think so. >> Can't move them to I don't think so either. I don't know what that is. >> You know, this line of merch is so cute. Look at the pillow. >> Really cute. >> They have a pillow. They have a pin. Look at the pin. Oh my word. >> Some of the dolls. >> What? Wait, we don't even have these. These are Disneyland's dolls. >> Yes. >> Oh, look. I'm using it as a pointer. How much is this? >> Oh, $64.99. >> Okay. I mean, you do get several dolls. One, two, three, four, and then little guys. Six, seven. >> Oh my god. >> Okay, that's adorable. >> Andy, did you see we almost got attacked by a squirrel? >> I did not see. >> Um, it's on my logo. We have proof >> on camera. >> It's crazy. >> Right at us. >> It We both screamed. Yep. It's fine. All right, let's go see if we can catch the band. >> My dream come true. >> Oh, good. >> Awesome. Yep. We're going to try to watch the rocket launch. That is the plan. Stan, >> that's why I went a little bit later. >> So, need to catch launch. Oh, we got to plug in. >> The pointer would be a very valuable, you know, addition to the stream. I just point with the hippo. Oh, sorry. I don't know how much the pillow was. I didn't get to see. I would assume the pillow was around 30 or 40. >> The pillow. We didn't I didn't see the price. Yeah. Sorry, guys. That's okay. >> Do you want to go cleared off? We actually might be able to see the rocket. >> Good. Do Yes. Wherever you want to go. >> Let's go right cuz you can get to Main Street quicker >> than if you go left. I think we'll go over here, but then we'll cross the street cuz >> we're going to look that way towards Tomorrowland to see the rocket. >> Don't let me forget to plug in whenever we find a spot. >> Plugging in. Plug it in. >> It is a very busy day today. Yeah, we did ride the people mover twice. >> Yeah, we did. We also watched the flagger tree. Almost got attacked by a squirrel. Went on the Swiss Family Robinson treehouse. We could make it sound. >> Yeah. >> The squirrel came out of nowhere and across the water. >> The only thing that protected us was the netting of the of the bridge. >> Oh my goodness. I can't wait to watch it back. >> Oh goodness. >> I did. >> Wow. Oh, don't get her eggs. >> All right, guys. Well, >> let's go find us a good spot. A lot of the family members of the band look like they were already lining up. >> I don't blame them. >> Yeah, same. Me, too. >> Jenna. >> So, Oh, sorry. >> Yeah. >> Thank you so much. Nice to meet you. >> It's crowded today. >> It is so crowded today. Yeah. Well, have a good day. >> Thank you. You, too. >> I'm all jumpy since the squirrel. I'm like, what? >> I Oh, that's another thing. I think when it started when it jumped towards us, it said Jenna. >> Yeah, exactly. All right, let's go across this bridge. >> You know, as squirrels do. >> Uhhuh. >> That's funny. >> A Thank you, Sean. Glad the stream is peaceful. Even though we almost got attacked by a squirrel. >> Too funny. Yeah, so close. >> But no cigar. The weather is gorgeous right now. Oh, sounds good. India. We had a bunch of coffee earlier, too. >> Did you tell Andy what kind of coffee you had? >> What kind of coffee did you have? I have faith. I had a hot head. >> A hot me. >> That sounds hot. >> We're talking about Hilton Head and then And then I said I ordered a hot I was going to say hot drink, but I was still thinking of Hilton's head. So I said I ordered a hot head. >> So from now on when I order a hot drink, it's just going to be a hot head. >> Head. So funny. All right, let's go across near Tomorrowland and we're going to get a good spot, everybody. That's kind of like on Inside Out. He was up there. >> Yeah. >> Yeah, that's true. He He really was. My beautiful house up there looking gorgeous. >> Oh, you know what else? I got to go back and buy one of those boxes. >> Oh, yes. Mhm. >> One more. >> You need to >> I do. Or at least one more. >> They send you positive wish. I know. If I say it too much, I don't want to jinx it. >> Yeah. even out the headband. Well, hello Mickey mom Jen. Um, so we were went a little bit longer today because we want to check out the launch at 6:24. So, we started later so that we could be here a little later. >> Um, >> do you think we can watch it from right here? >> I think so. >> Or or does it not come all the way around? >> Oh, you know what? That's a good >> Yeah. Okay. >> Yeah, it might come just down this way. >> Okay, >> that's a good point. >> I just want to be able to see >> that way for the launch. >> I'm thinking maybe a little bit over this way. >> Yeah. Okay, we're going to find a good spot, guys. >> Yeah. >> So, like, >> do you think they're coming from that? >> I don't know. That is a great on both sides of >> question. Um, >> cuz then if I'm right here, we can still see that way cuz it's going to be that direction. >> Yeah, >> there's the band. Mom a She didn't see me. Actually, let's move down just a smidge >> cuz >> Yeah, like right here. >> There. That's even better. Good. >> Yep. >> So, we'll >> I'm going to stand on that side of her so that somebody doesn't What time do the astronauts eat? I don't know. That's a really good question. >> Um Oh. >> Oh no. Mickey mom. Sometimes if you turn off the notification and turn it back on, sometimes it will keep working. But yeah, sometimes it it breaks. I don't know why. >> YouTube is crazy. The rocket is launching due east, which is this way. >> Yep. >> Cuz I always, which is >> I was going to say I always remember because it is over Tomorrowland, >> which is very, very appropriate. So, we've got about 20 minutes until launch. Um, I believe the band comes at 6:15. I don't know where it comes from, though. >> Yeah, we're not sure which direction. >> So, if we have to leave the band to get the launch, >> I'm definitely going to get the launch. Sorry, guys. But >> we'll be able to hear the band. >> We'll try. We'll do our best >> cuz the whole point of going later was to get the launch. >> Yeah, that was a great idea, by the way. >> Yeah. Thanks. Oh, we got to plug in or we won't have a stream. Thank you. >> Plug it in. >> Plug it in. >> You'll just have to pretend like you saw the launch. >> Uh-huh. You'll be like, "Yeah, Jenna showed it to us." Uh-huh. >> Sure. >> Good. Yes. Thank you, Amara. >> You're going to get ahead of us. Stop. Get ahead. >> See here. >> Wait. hear the piano player going. >> Thank you very much. >> You're welcome. >> I'll come on the other side. >> Okay, sounds good. >> Hi, library angel. >> The band comes from the train station around the hub and right back down to the station. Wait. >> Oh, yep. >> So, it doesn't go all the way like the parade. >> So, wait, does it come down main street? >> So, it comes from there down Main Street >> around the hub and then back. Okay. Okay. So, we would have been fine down there. Okay. >> Yeah, this works. That's good. But I feel like this is more open for >> Yeah, I agree totally. >> We saw the band do that. We were here a few days ago and we were sitting here having coffee and >> they went by this way and then they went back the other way. >> Okay, nice. >> Yes. So, if we need to >> We are go for lunch. Luno says >> awesome. >> We just had this incredible Italian dinner. My wife said that pasta had a ton of shrimp. Nice. >> Yum. That sounds good. >> Love pasta. Sometimes it doesn't like me, but I love it. Dale and I found this really good pizza at Walmart. >> Oh. >> Of all places that was like pre-made, you know, kind of pizza, but not frozen. >> Oh. >> And it was like a >> We were just talking about places like that. >> A flatbread. Okay. >> And it was chicken, bacon, ranch, and it was so delicious. >> Yeah. We were talking about like we call it take and bake. Yeah. >> Um cuz like where we used to live, >> they had a take and bake type, you know, that was really popular and it was great. And we haven't been able to find one here, but >> I think it's kind of in like the um deli section. >> Okay, we'll have to go check that out. >> Yeah, >> I don't The band is from Michigan. I forget the school's name. Somebody help me out again. I forgot. >> Yeah, she told us what it was. >> Yeah, band in Michigan. >> Sorry, guys. Wow, it's windy tonight. Glad I got the ears. >> Something valley, but I might be wrong. >> Hidden Valley Ranch. No. Oh my goodness. >> Yeah, I don't remember. Somebody in the chat will help us out, right? You guys remember? >> The mom told us. >> She did. But, you know, we had a lot happen between then and >> a squirrel. >> Flying squirrel attacked us. >> We forgot everything that we learned today because a squirrel came flying at us. >> Exactly. Oh, here we go. >> Excuse him. Sticking with it. >> Chipw Valley High School from Clinton Township, Michigan. >> Okay. >> Oh, Chipoa. Chip. Thanks, Tim. >> Chipoa Valley. You got to say it like you're from Michigan. Chipoa Valley. No, I don't know. I I don't have a good Michigan accent either. >> It's five minutes from my house, Tim says. No way. That's crazy. For >> real. >> That is cool. >> Crazy, Tim. >> You know what's five minutes from my house? >> All the Disney rides. >> Cuz that's my house. >> Oh, yeah. Good point. >> All these people >> for the parade. Yeah. >> Yeah. You want to be on top. >> Yep. We're getting there, guys. Walmart's chicken nuggets are quite good. Okay, the launch is at 6:24. >> Oh, 6:24. Okay. >> Hey, Britney. >> Wow, the band and the launch are very close. >> They're pushing it. Yep. They are pushing it. >> I live in Clinton Township. Oh, that's funny, too. Cuz my brother is in band and he is having a field trip to Disney World for 3 days. Oh, nice. >> That's awesome. When someone says Chipoa, I think of Titanic because Jack was from Chipoa Falls. >> Oh, >> I did not remember that, Kelsey. >> I didn't either. >> That's cool. >> That's funny. It's funny cuz I my phone I can see like a mirror in image sometimes and I can see little um >> little Dappy being adorable. If you guys didn't see my outfit here, let me see. I got some ears from Tokyo Disney from an amazing hopper Amy. And I bought little uh Duffy from uh eBay actually. And then she also sent me >> the little back. >> Cute. >> And it holds your ears. Of course, I've got two. >> So, yeah. There you go. Love these ears. They're so cute. And I thought the purple went with my purple shirt to perfect purple. All right, guys. 5 minutes until the band and 14 minutes until the launch. >> Mhm. >> Look, I did math. It's not Monday, though, so it's okay. I'm allowed to do math on Wednesday, >> but not Monday. >> It's no math Monday. >> No math Monday. >> Yep. >> I should have some moon ears on. I don't have any moon ears. That'd be fun, though. >> I like that idea. >> Yeah. >> Thanks, Jessica. Keep on bop bopping the like button. Thanks, Britney. >> Hello, Finley MX. How are you? >> So, apparently the band's going to come from this way, and then they're going to go around the hub and back. We'll probably only catch them at the beginning or the end depending on when the rocket goes because I'm going to focus on the rocket as soon as it starts going. Hey Hersel and Margie, keep me informed on the chat when the rocket is going and I will look that way as soon as I can cuz we won't see it, I don't think, right away. Take a minute to get over the buildings and all the things. Oh, awesome. Right. Sounds good. >> A very cool, John. >> Sean, we did some rides earlier. Right now, like I said, we're focused on the parade coming and then there's a rocket launch coming as well. >> Ah, sorry, Britney. Apparently, this is a very either popular band or popular >> cavalcade >> cuz there's a lot of people waiting. >> Maybe some people don't even know what they're waiting for. >> Other people lining up. Oh, it's a parade. >> They could be waiting on the tonight. >> The parade tonight. Okay. >> What time is the parade tonight? Actually, >> the um Charlotte. >> Yeah. >> Is it 8:30? >> What's up? Did the time change? Because, you know, now they keep kind of moving it back a little bit. It doesn't. >> We're going to find last. >> Ouch. Let's see, guys. Showtime if it floats. 11 minutes till launch. Um, here we go. 8:30 and 10:30. >> So, yes, that would be a waste to wait. >> But when it's this busy and you want a main street view, you might have to wait that long. Yeah, that's true. Also, if you're sitting on the curb, you know, maybe it's just a chance to sit down. >> Exactly. >> Not my favorite place to sit. A little source. It might get source. >> Agreed. It is a not it's not squishy, that's for sure. Hello, Mom Rle. She says, "My school band, were you in the band?" >> Mom Rimple. >> Hello everyone. Hello, I am very jumpy. >> The Magic Kingdom at Disney Campus will present a very special guest performance. We hope you will join us. >> Okay, we will. Awesome. She was in the band in the 70s. That's so cool. >> Me, too. We're watching the launch tonight from our backyard. We get a perfect view from here. We're so excited. Of course, we have you on, too. Thanks, Victoria and or Daryl and Victoria. Thank you so much, guys. That's awesome. >> Yeah, as long as you don't have like big trees in your backyard, you'd probably be able to see it wherever you're at. >> And it looks like it has Well, there are clouds building again, so we might be in trouble. >> Yeah, we'll see, guys. We might not be able to see it. Maybe we'll get a little break. >> Yeah, up high enough. I guess we can scoot down just a little bit. There we go. Perfect. >> It is bright. >> They're clearing off the sidewalk. >> They cleared the street. The bands will be coming. >> Awesome. Okay, cool. Your feet need to be all the way up. >> The band might be really big and fill the entire street. You never know. >> That one band that you signed up for was huge. >> Huge. Yeah. >> All right. The band should have started down there around the hub in the front, town square, whatever you want to call it. And we have a launch in less than 10 minutes. >> Mhm. >> All the things. >> Yeah. All the things are happening. Countdown is in hold at tminus 10. Okay. They they're having a hold. So maybe we'll get to see the band all the way. Okay. Holding at 10. All right. Thanks, guys. Keep us posted. >> It's on a brief hold. >> All right. Yay! Oh, I'm sorry. >> Oh, I see him. >> Wow, it is full. Oh, the news said there is lightning within 10 nautical miles. Okay. All right. Wow. MDF, you got to go to Hawaii in your band. That's amazing. We came here. That was pretty cool. >> Sit there, buddy. Your son is in the van. Awesome. All right. Well, they're coming. >> Hey, Disney Dreamlight Valley fan. >> Oh, it's bright. >> Yeah, it is. Here they come. >> Hello everyone. The Magic Kingdom and Disney Imagination Campus are proud to present from Clinton Township, Michigan. Valley High School marching band. Heat. Heat. Awesome. They were very good. Very cool. Good job, Michigan High School band. And the launch is still Is it still holding? Might as well wait here and watch them come back if we're still at a hold. >> Oh, resuming countdown. Okay, cool. >> Don't go anywhere, guys. launches at the countdown again. >> The band is coming back. >> I think they're supposed to come back around. >> Yeah, they're coming. >> You saw your son. Oh, that's so cool. I'm so glad. >> Oh, Chipoa is close to you. Amazing. Definitely hear the drums. >> Oh, the countdown has not resumed. Okay, still at a hold. >> Hey guys, make sure we're all the way on to marching down. >> Well, after the band, we can make our way over to Tomorrowland and maybe stand in front of Space Mountain. I like that since it hasn't started yet. >> Here they come. down. Heat. Heat. All right, guys. Let's go to Tomorrowland. That was fun. Tomorrowland. >> I'm glad we got to see the band. >> Hope you guys enjoyed it. >> All right, let's get ready for that launch. It looks really dark over there. Go for launch. Awesome. Brenda, all systems are a go. Oh. Oh, look at all these people. >> These people are waiting on the launch. Oh my goodness. So cool. All right. So, >> do you think we should watch here or go all the way over? Ah, let's go over. We have time. >> Wait, is it going to go in 2 minutes >> or are we still at tminus 10? Oh, >> that was >> 2 minutes to launch. Oh, okay. We got 2 minutes. >> 2 minutes. >> All right, guys. Let's get past this. >> All right, here we go. back there. Okay, >> I guess if you go on the other side, >> I like your plan, Andy. Let's do that. This is closer. All right, don't worry, guys. Don't worry. We'll see this. Don't worry. Don't worry. It hasn't happened yet, right? Where are we at? 1 minute. Okay. I don't think we'll make it over there. So, let's just do this back here. I'm not sure we're going to see it anyhow because of but we'll try. You think this is good? >> Yeah, those clouds really came in. >> Yeah, there's a lot of clouds right now. Move clouds. Move. If it came right there, it would be perfect. But >> go for launch. Okay, cool. Hey eventually. >> Yeah, they're very thick. >> Eventually. >> I'm going to call him. Yeah. >> Okay. Some people are saying it's a go. Some people are saying we're still at a countdown of 10. >> Yeah, I think we are. >> Out of 10. 10 minutes. Okay. All right. Thank you. >> Okay. >> So, we would make it over there, I guess. apparently 10-minute hold. Okay, thanks guys. KG on Pierro. >> Well, we're not going to see much anyhow. So, yeah, hold 10 minutes, maybe 20. Let these clouds go. Well, should we make our way over to Space Mountain then? I think that would be a good view over there, don't you? Since we have 10 minutes. Okay, we didn't have 10. We I didn't think we had time before, but we got time now. >> 10-minute countdown has now resumed. All right. Thanks, guys. We have plenty of time to get over to >> Is it Space Mountain? >> Space Mountain. >> Um, totally. I think so. We got Robert Astro >> Lightning. Yes. Astro. That's That's it right there. Uh, Robert Moran $9.99. It's the lunching pad. >> Exactly. Robert Brown, $9.99. Happy second birthday to Ryan Brown. You were live on the hospital TV when he was born 2 years ago. You were in Liberty Square about to watch the parade. Oh my goodness. Happy birthday to your son, Ryan. That's awesome. I love that so much. I hope he has an amazing birthday. Hopefully, he'll get to see a rocket launch. Thanks for the super chat as well. It's >> 9 minutes. >> Okay. I really hope we can see it. It is very, very cloudy. >> 6:35. All right. And it is 6:26 right now. It's stitch time. >> This is one time on the clock I almost see every day. Not always, but almost. Yep. Nine minutes. Some people are saying we'll make we have plenty of time to get over to Space Mountain. I love this. This is a great plan. >> Thanks, Amara. Oh, look at all these people over here. This is great. >> So many people waiting on the launch. >> All right, 8 minutes. We got time. >> There's no better way to see the launch except for in uh Tomorrowland by Space Mountain. Got to love it. And as we're waiting, why don't you check out another awesome sponsor of ours? >> Uh let's see. D Oh, see we did David's. Uh what else do we have? >> Well, let me find a good spot and then we'll talk about them. Oh, yeah. This will be good. Yeah. >> Um, no, no, we're on a countdown. Hi. How are you? >> Good to see you. Hi. Good. How are you? Good to see you. >> A movie star to us. >> A, that's so sweet. Good to see you. You guys ready for the launch? >> I hope we can see it. >> Yeah. >> I hope it clears up a little bit. Oh, you got it. >> Seven minutes. >> 7 minutes. Okay. >> 5 minutes before we can see it. >> Oh, okay. Five minutes after. Thank you. >> Very cool. >> Mom and dad on. >> They are not. Unless they're ninja watching. >> So, we'll see. >> We were here with with Josh and March to see. >> Oh, cool. Oh, that's awesome. >> Do you guys want to say hi? We have time if you want. Yeah. We have uh >> the hubards here. You want to say hello? >> Hi, everybody. Is that Mar? >> He is. Of course. Yeah. >> He's awesome. Yeah. He's so sweet. That's He's keeping keeping track for us. That's >> real people, man. >> Yeah. >> We love this whole channel. >> Thank you. >> We love you guys that watch with us. >> Yeah, we do. We're all family. We're all excited about this uh >> Artemis. >> My friend was supposed to be on Artemis >> Josh Kri, >> but then his his uh launch was was slid over and then this guy >> Jeremy Hans took over. So Joshua is going to go to the space station next to see that. >> Okay, that's cool though. >> Very cool. >> Nice to see you. >> Good to see you guys. >> What was it? How many of you remember seeing the last launch? >> The last time they hit humans around the moon. >> The humans went around the moon. >> Me? >> Wow. I don't think I remember. >> That's so cool though. I love that. Yeah. Let us know in the chat. Do you remember? >> Andy says it was 1972. Helps anybody. >> I wasn't even thought about. >> Exactly. >> I wasn't thought about, guys. All right. So, five and a half minutes. Good deal. Good deal. Hey Matt, 5 minutes to go. Share out the stream. Look at all these people waiting. I love it. Waiting for the launch. >> So cool. >> The other people are like, "Why are all these people standing and blocking us?" >> I know. Why are they in our way? >> Okay, we have a clearing right now, >> but it doesn't look good. >> Go Rocket, go. >> Yeah, go Rocket, go. Go Rocket, go. >> It's insane to be down there. There's like half a million cars and you're never going to get out tonight forever. >> Not at all. >> That's awesome, Karen. >> All right, everybody. It takes they said five minutes. >> Oh, >> it seems like a long time. >> It does seem like a long time. >> Yeah. >> Yeah, they're they're pretty fast. I would say once it gets launched, we should be able to see it within a minute, not less. >> You were in eighth grade. Cool. Disney fanatic. Guys, we're really close to a thousand likes. So, please bop the like. Let's do a rapid fire bop. You guys ready? Close out of the chat, find the thumbs up, and bop it. >> What do we have? T minus. >> Yeah, Artemis. Go. >> Four minutes. All right. >> Four minutes. >> Hey, guys. Ready? We're going to do the the bop. Ready, set. The like button and subscribe if you're new. >> That's right. Let's blow those clouds away. >> Hi, Lee. Hi, Lorie. >> You're so welcome. Wow. Almost time. >> I know. Wouldn't that be amazing? >> It is a big deal. Yeah. That's crazy. >> That's awesome. >> All right, guys. Get ready. Sharon. Sharon. >> Yes. Okay, guys. If you're excited for the launch, why don't you post some rocket emojis? Rocket emojis. Everybody post them. Post them up. All the rockets. Hi, Stacey. >> All right, we've got a little bit of clearing here. I'm hoping it goes soon. >> A day. >> Two minutes. He's at home. He had to work today. >> He's probably watching though. >> I know. Isn't it cool to watch it over Space Mountain? I just think that's amazing. >> All the rocket emojis. Yay. Thank you guys. >> Two minutes. You guys ready? Are you excited? >> I'm excited. >> Look at all these people. >> This is crazy. I have never seen this many people watch a launch before. This is very cool. >> History in the making. G's if you're excited. I'm bopping that like button. We're getting close to 1 th00and. >> I know. Isn't this fun? T minus one minute. Woohoo. Go for launch, everybody. I'm so excited. >> Woohoo. >> I know. All the ride lines are probably really low because everybody's watching the launch. Literally, look at everybody. This is crazy. >> I love it. liftoff. And Mara says >> 30 seconds. >> Okay. And Mara said we had liftoff. >> Oh, somebody. >> All right. Well, let's let's just keep looking. >> Here we go. Oh. >> Oh, here we go. >> Okay. >> Lift up. >> All right. Now we all wait. >> It launched. That's amazing. >> Oh, I hope we can see it. Somebody sees it. >> Oh, where? >> I don't see it. >> Over there. >> I don't see it. >> I don't see it. I don't see it. >> Yeah, it could be. >> You think it's more this way? >> It'll be over there. >> Yeah. I think it's too cloudy. Yeah. >> Sad. Not sure we're going to be able to see it, guys. >> Maybe. >> Maybe when it gets higher. Yeah. >> We're looking. >> Is that it? There. >> Where? >> That smoke. >> Oh, it looks Sorry guys. I think it's too cloudy. H darn it. There. And there. That's where we needed to be. >> I know. Shoot. Well, we tried. >> I think it's gone. field. >> I don't see it. there. >> Somebody thought they saw it. >> Oh, it's already up there. Somebody said, >> "Oh, well, we tried. I was afraid it was going to be too cloudy. >> I know. >> I was afraid of it. >> Oh, well. >> Sorry, guys. We tried. sad. >> I'm pretty sure by now. >> Yeah. We tried. >> We did. Those clouds did not happen. >> No, they sure didn't. >> Hi, just our dream. >> Yep. The clouds happen. There's nothing you can do about it. >> Oh, well. >> Okay, I guess. >> I know that it takes longer. >> Okay. >> Yeah, I would assume so. It sure did. >> Not enough people were going. >> I know. Darn it. Oh well. Sorry guys. We tried. We really did. >> It's all that matters. At least we were here. >> We really tried. >> Yeah. >> We saw a flying squirrel instead. Somebody just said they saw it. >> I don't see it. >> I mean, I still want to We'll We'll stick around here. Let's Let's Yeah. Sorry. We cannot help the clouds. >> We tried. There's an airplane. >> See the airplane? >> Uh-huh. >> I'm surprised we didn't hear it. >> I'm surprised. >> I guess it's not that loud. >> At least in one of these. >> I know. >> Me, too. about one or two minutes from now. >> What will be >> if we hear anything? >> Oh, okay. >> Oh, gotcha. Okay. >> Oh, that's cool. Our kids from Tampa sent a video of the rocket. That's awesome. Mom Rimple, I bet it was cool in Tampa. >> It would be really cool to be here on the coast. >> Yeah. >> See these big launches. >> Wrong wrong coast. I guess Tampa is on the other coast, but they still sell it. That's cool. >> Well, yeah. You probably see it from Tampa. Moun. >> I know if you didn't have this. Oh well. Again, can't be helped. >> All right, I guess. >> Well, we tried. >> We tried. We can say we were here. >> Yeah, exactly. We were here. It was there. We just It was behind the cloud. We just in the way. Yeah, that's okay. All good. We were here and we got to see a >> glad to see you guys. >> It was great to see you guys just like that's the way it is when you're >> That's right. That's right. >> I love it. That's awesome. They are 80 miles from Earth now, they said. Wow. >> That's crazy. Yep. We know it's there. Exactly. >> Well, I guess we're going to journey on, but it was so good to see you guys. >> Enjoy your vacation. >> Thank you. >> Mom and dad, >> thanks for watching again. >> He does such a great job. >> He's awesome. >> He's so good. Ours, too. >> He's great. >> He keeps us in line. >> He knows all. >> All right. Good to see you guys. Mom and dad are good. They're blocked out right now and mom's not quite ready to walk around the parks, but hopefully next week. >> Hi. How are you here today? >> Yeah. How are you? Good. Good to see you, too. >> Seeing you a That's awesome. >> Did you want to say hi on the We're live right now if you want to. >> Hi, everybody. >> Awesome. Hope you're having fun. >> Thank you so much. >> Good to see you. Thank you. Have fun. All right. Well, let's go back to the shop. I have to buy something. >> Oh, yeah. >> I do. I do. >> Hi. >> How are you? >> Oh, you're welcome. Yeah. Oh, >> come on. >> Okay. >> I'll move over. >> Yeah. No, I'm so glad. Did you want to say hi on the stream or No. Okay. >> You're going to need a rocket. We didn't see it. >> Was it Where was it? >> There you go. Was it on the left side or the right? >> We tried. >> Yeah. Oh, well. >> You know, I was thinking we went up to the top of the lake. >> Oh, there you go. Behind this building. >> Yep. >> Bummer is right. Oh, well, we tried. >> That's awesome. >> Yeah. Thank you so much. The band is great. Yeah, >> they're very good. I was in band, so I get it. >> I played the flute. >> And I was color guarding in both. So, >> yeah. Well, have a good day, guys. >> All right, let's go to the shop. >> Hello, adventures. >> Did you see that lady plow into me? That was Oh, you too. Oh my goodness, that was crazy. >> I was like, "Wow." Okay. >> Yeah. She was like, "I'm not moving." So, she just from behind, so I couldn't even move out of her way. It was It was a thing. Spring break. You got to love it. >> All right, guys. Well, I'm going to go get another blind box. We'll do an unboxing and then um we're probably going to go get some food. I'm hungry. >> Mhm. Me, too. We just watched it online from the other coast beach. That's awesome. A thank you, Blue Nose. We did try. >> I don't think I've ever seen it from our house either. >> Yeah. >> Cloudy cloudy. >> Well, it's all you can do is just >> try. >> It rained on our parade. >> Well, it was raining and it rained. Hello. Seriously, Jesse, we're going shopping. >> Yeah, pretty hard. >> It was kind of fun. >> I hope you're having a good day. If not, you should come shopping with us. Or if you are, you should you should also come shopping. Okay, these are the new things they have. So, they have the rainbow bands and the build your own. And then you pick out a um blind box. Seriously, Jesse's in the chat. Hi, Jesse. And uh yeah, I already got one. Sharon got two. >> Hi to Jessie. >> Jessee's here. >> Hi. Seriously, Jesse, >> here. I'll let you say hi this time. >> We missed the launch. We tried though. I'm picking this one. >> Maybe not. Thank you. Perfect. All right, we're going to see what we get. I'm going to give you guys to Sharon. I'm going to unplug. And Sharon, hello. I'm in the mirror. Sharon can shop with you. >> Hello. >> While I go purchase. >> All right. >> Thank you. >> Tim is probably thinking, "See, you should have just bought two when you were here." >> Tim knows. He's going to be like, "I told you so." >> Uhhuh. >> He knows. >> Did you buy one of these? >> I love these. >> Did you buy one? No, but that's really cute. >> I know. >> It really is. >> I like I really love that. I like it better with the black headband. Agree. >> But um but yes, see you Jenna's showing the bow. It's adorable. >> And it will be really lightweight. >> This is adorable. >> Yes, that's Oh, that's really cute. They put their hands on it. >> It'll be perfect for the um animator's courtyard opening. >> Oh, yeah. All right, I'm going to get this. >> All right. >> All right, Jenna's going to go purchase her blind box and then I'm guessing she'll open it for you. Hey, Dizard Dream. How are you? >> I'm assuming Jeff. >> There's the new Stitch ears. Adorable. Yes. Hi, Jeff. Oh, some of the people in Epcot saw the launch. Oh, that's cool. Hi, Monoa J. We just had the clouds in our way over here in Magic Kingdom. They didn't cooperate, but we trust that it launched safely. >> Hi, Cindy. Rose. Yeah, don't go away. Jenna will be right back and um she'll show us which blind box build your own ears character she ends up with. >> Hi Tim. Oh, your brother saw from Tampa. That's cool. must have had clear skies. >> Yeah, that's great. >> And um Tim, what are you going to see in the theater? Oh, hello, Dad. Resort TV1 and hi, Mom, if you're watching. >> Hello, Dad. >> Oh, did you were you able to see it, Dad? >> All the people saw it except for us. >> Your dad said he also watched the launch. >> Oh, did you see it, Dad? >> Yeah. We want to know if you had a good if you had a good view. >> Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, we did not. We tried. >> It would have been some Epcot. >> Oh, Epcot. Okay. >> All right. Oh, these are going quick. >> There's only three Winnie the Poos left. >> Couple ears. >> Few of the Tangle. Hey, Dad. >> There's Stitchy. There's Dumbo. I love Dumbo. I love Stitch. I love even Spin. Oh >> you watched it on TV. >> Oh, okay. >> That's a good place to watch it. >> You didn't go out in your yard. >> No. Yeah. >> Yeah. The clouds didn't cooperate here in Magic. >> They sure didn't. We We really did try though. Oh, well. I love those shiny pants. Where do you buy those? >> And the boots. >> I know, right? >> Fancy. >> Oh, yeah. I picked them off. It is big today. >> Yes. >> Let's go see if there's a table over by the cars. Everybody's saying hi to dad. Hi, mom. If you're there, too. And then uh we'll do an unboxing and then we're probably going to go eat some foods. Probably say goodbye. But it's been it's been a fun stream. But don't go anywhere. We're going to do an unboxing first. We also want to talk about uh dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to get a hard to get reservation, dreamtable.co will help you get that reservation. All you have to do is download the app um or go to dreamtable.co and uh put in all the information, you know, where you want to get the reservation, how many people, daytime, all the things. Again, dreamtable.co. Go check them out. We have behind, let's just say here, behind the Ride. Behind the Ride by David Mumpower um or Disney Demystified. You can get these books on Amazon. Doesn't look wet. >> Oh, perfect. Thank you. Let me um put the receipt away. >> All right. Unbox. >> Okay, guys. So, if you were watching earlier, you can get Mickey, >> Donald who mystery one, which I already got a mystery, Minnie, Stitch, and mystery 2. >> Uh-huh. >> I know what the mysteries are cuz I got >> I'll show you what I got. >> Jenna got a mystery earlier. >> You weren't here earlier. >> And it's really, really cute. >> It's really cute. I got apparently this is Chip. I thought it was Dale. >> We thought it was Chip because there's one tooth in the front. Doesn't Chip have the one tooth and Dale has the two teeth. >> Chip. He's one of the mysteries. So, we're assuming Dale is the other mystery. But see what I get. >> Okay. >> They're all cute. >> They are so cute. >> Can't really go wrong. >> I mean, I would love Stitch. Any of them really. Okay. Oh. >> Oh, no way. >> Yeah, I got Mickey earlier. >> Actually, these are cute together. >> They are really cute together. Seriously, Jesse says that's adorable. >> So cute. >> They are very cute together. >> And then we got the new band. >> And the band. Um, Jesse, wait till you see the band. It's adorable, too. The color. >> It's like tie-dye. >> Yep. >> It's hard to do with one hand. Very spring colors. >> Mhm. >> Cute, right? >> Very cute. >> It kind of reminds me of ice cream or um what's it called? The shaved ice. >> Yep. The colors remind me of those ears that came out a few years ago that look like the dripping ice cream or whatever it was. Yeah, >> I agree. All right. Well, here we go. That was the unboxing for you guys. Hope you enjoyed it. All right, I took it out of here, right? Yep. All right, let's throw this away. I'll get it. >> Oh, there's one right there. Thank you. >> It makes me want a sherbet, Jesse says. >> Same. >> Makes me think of Spamone. >> Spam. Oh my goodness. My grandpa used to love Spamone. Uh, there are two membership milestones. Okay, thank you, Amara. Don't think I can find those. So if you if somebody wants to read post, but thanks for being here. Sorry everybody. Sorry I missed it. Sorry I missed the milestones. It was probably during the launch. Oh, here we go. Kimberly Paige, member for 28 months. Resort hopper silver. A milestone submission with you. Thank you so much, Kimberly, for being a member for so long. And let's see if MRO will post the other one. Thank you, M. You're the bestest. And um while we do that, I'm going to pull up our members of the channel. Also, if you guys missed it here, let's go over here by the cars. If you guys missed it, we almost got attacked by a squirrel. >> Uhhuh. You know what the highlight? >> Hi, Mom. It was >> if you're looking for a laugh. >> So, you got to go back and check it out. It was hilarious. Okay. So funny, but it almost gave us a heart attack. >> Not going to lie. >> Uh Julia Julia Awesome Adventures 15month resort hopper bronze. I saw a glimpse on uh Ron's in Epcot. Okay, cool. Thanks, Julia. All right. Now, we've got platinum members of the channel. We have Haye Noel, uh, Grey Road Adventure, Total Carrick's mom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, My Crazy Grownup Life, Chuck Polly, The Amazing Jayla Moxley, Kander Dani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Con, Ali Vismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our awesome uh members of the channel, platinum members, all the members, Patreon members, as well as our moppers for mopping, poppers for hopping, and shoppers for shopping. Thanks, guys. And thanks to Sharon and Andy for hanging out. Can barely see you with the bright suns behind us there. Um but let's just selfie right here. All right, everybody. Thanks again for joining. Um we will see you Friday for Friday Night Live. Stay tuned for where we're going to be and go back and watch the old streams and go over to Adventures with Jenna and Dale and check out all of our videos over there as well. All right, guys. We'll see you soon. So for now, have a great beautiful tomorrow. Bye. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
