---
video_id: yN8KlHMLCO0
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Friday Night Live Stream Announcement - 3-6-26 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-03-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yN8KlHMLCO0
---
Happy Friday everybody. Hi, this is Josh with Resort TV1 and today we've got Friday Night Live of course and you probably like to know where we are going. So tonight for Friday Night Live, we'll be live at 600 p.m. Eastern time at the Epcot Flower and Garden Festival. Yay. It's going to be a lot of fun to see all of the topiaries as well as the merch, the food, and uh just walking around the park and enjoying the beautiful flowers. I haven't even seen all the topiaries yet and so I'm excited to see that. Um, the Disney horiculturalist have done an amazing job with the topiaries as usual. That's a hard word. Horiculturalist. I think I got it all, but it's a hard word. Anyway, I recorded this. This is the second time I've recorded this uh video because uh I hit the wrong button the first time and I was like live streaming to nothing the first time. So, that's fun. Uh, but anyway, this is take two and hopefully it's better than the last one. But anyway, so tonight we'll be live at 600 p.m. Eastern time at the Epcot Flower and Garden Festival. So, join us for that. It's going to be a lot of fun. It'll be cool to see again all the decorations, all the topiaries, and uh just really enjoy a beautiful evening at Epcot. And I don't even know who's playing for Garden Rock, so I'll have to check that out and see if maybe we can catch part of the concert. But either way, it's going to be a great night at Epcot. And then tomorrow for Saturday Night Live, I'm actually am going to be live for Saturday evening instead of Saturday morning. The last couple weeks, it's been easier for me to do the morning. Uh but this week, we're definitely doing a night stream. So, between 5:00 and 6:00 p.m. Eastern time, probably at Magic Kingdom, but maybe at Hollywood Studios. So, leave me a comment, let me know. I know a lot of people say we don't do Hollywood Studios enough. So, maybe I'll do that. Uh, it's just hard because a lot of the rides are so busy there. So, it's hard to really, you know, get on very much because you have to wait in line so long and all that. But, you know, who knows? I'll figure it out. Maybe I'll do both. I don't know. But either way, I'll be live at some point in the evening tomorrow for Saturday Night Live, uh, between 5 and 6:00 PM Eastern time, somewhere around there. So, it's going to be a great weekend and a great evening tonight starting at 600 p.m. Eastern time at the Epcot Flower and Garden Festival. So, don't miss it. We'll see you then. And uh I know it's going to be a fun time. Also, be sure to check out all of our awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below. You got mickeyras.com, resort tv1homes.com, davidsdv, dvcrenals, dbcrequest.com/tv. Uh you've also got uh Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. you've got uh Layer 1 Technology as well as uh Dreamtable. So, all of our awesome sponsors links are in the description down below. Uh we really appreciate them supporting us and yeah, we'll see you tonight 600 p.m. Eastern time for Friday Night Live at the Epcot Flower and Garden Festival. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
