---
video_id: 2MyG8bXI7GM
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind - Full Queue & Ride POV in 4K - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-03-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MyG8bXI7GM
---
[music] And despite the vast distance between us, our two galaxies are actually moving closer to each other. Imagine Terren and Xandarians forever connected, though we have in fact been related from the start. Born of the same stardust at [music] the dawn of time. [music] >> There is still so much for us to discover together as you journey through our wonders of Sandar. I am World Mind. Welcome. >> [music] [music] [music] >> educational campuses, medical biomes, transportation networks, and more. All designed to provide [music] our citizen and impressive urban skyline. [music] >> Over the course of our year, Xandar experiences periods [music] of total sunlight, shifting to periods of total darkness. During the light cycle, our tree of sunset [music] close together in the sky, creating spectacular sunsets and sunrises. The light casts moving shadows across the city. Something Xandar is famous [music] for. As the capital of the Nova Empire, Xandar is home to over 12 million citizens. Constructed on a vast system of [music] atalls, our city features, but they also left us in. So, back to my original question. Whose ideal was it to save? It was qu. He had this halfbaked plan and we saved his butt. End his story. >> I am. >> Okay. It was three quarters, >> but we were all heroes that day. I'll be back with more of the >> Guardians of the Galaxy. [music] [music] >> [music] >> Greetings, Terrors. I am Nova Prime Irani Ray, commander of the Novacore. On behalf of all Xandarians, I hope you have enjoyed exploring the wonders of Xandar. As you have seen, your world and ours were born at the same moment, one which you refer to as the Big Bang. As such, we are all galactic neighbors in a vast universe which we and countless others share. For you to travel to Xandar would take 2 and 12 million years, assuming you had a ship that could fly at the speed of light. So, we decided to come to you. But even we could not have reached here so easily were it not for the cosmic generator. An advanced piece of sander technology that creates jump points, artificial tunnels that act as shortcuts linking distant points in space. It is our desire to share this wondrous technology with your people so that together we might explore new worlds and create a brighter tomorrow. And now, as the culmination of the wonders of Xandon, you will be teleported to a Nova ship above your planet for a demonstration of the cosmic generator. I trust you will find it an unforgettable experience. [music] Welcome people of Epcot. >> Epcot, Epcot, >> citizens of Epcot. Does anyone know what they call themselves? >> What I'm on? Someone wants to tell me what I'm on. Welcome, Epcot ter. I am Centurion Town Eric and we're just about ready to teleport you up to the ship for the demonstration. As you're about to enter a secure Nova area, I must ask you to put away your tearing communication devices at this time. Should work. >> It'll work. So long as you are standing inside the lighted ring, you do not want to know what happened last time someone did not stand where I told them to. Okay. Stand by teleportation. Here we go. [music] [music] >> You made it. I mean, of course you did. No, cry. They're ready. >> Excellent. >> What you see before you is the cosmic generator. And in just a few moments, we'll be activating it so you can experience for yourself what's happening. >> I'm not sure. Our power is out and the cosmic generator is gone. >> Mark, go to code red. Prepare the hood and call the garden. Now, >> there is no cause for alarm. Turn off that alarm. I've got an important transmission coming in. >> Hey, what's up, Melor? >> Our cosmic generator has been stolen. >> What? >> How? >> What didn't we think of that? That thing's got to be worth a fortune. >> I am glued. >> Good question. >> Yeah. Who do you think took it? >> Perhaps that really big man outside your >> That is a big man. I need to learn no problem. I have been watching from beyond. >> That's not great at all. >> This species [music] has failed. >> Wait, whoa, whoa, whoa. We need to over the desk. >> He's got the cosmic generator. He's creating a new jump point. >> Jump point to where? >> Not where. When? >> So, get a mutant jump point. >> He's going back to our time. >> Long time. >> To erase an error. >> Well, that doesn't sound good. Your time is over. >> Wait, wait. It's okay. >> The turn point is closing. >> Hey, no dude. You're no recording need to follow that that whatever it is until we get there. >> We can't. Our power is down and I've got to get these terac shuts. >> I got it. Are we broken the shuttles to follow through the jump point? What? Look, they're our only chance of keeping track of that whack job until we get the cosmic generator back. He's a cave. >> Wait, there's Where's the secret? The odds are impossible. >> Yep. >> But it's our only shot. Good luck. >> Are you sure you can control it? >> Come on, it's me. We got this. >> We're all toast. >> First there was cake. Now there is toast. This plan is making me so hungry. >> Terren, listen up. We need to make their way to the evacuation shuttles now. We'll follow the complete we get our power back. I mean when we get our power back cuz this planet of the guardians chance the moment. >> What did I just say? >> You need to tell me what I want. >> Are you tearing still there? >> Everything is under control. We're rebooting our subsystem. We'll have the power back soon. Florida. You haven't done anything. Okay, they're heading for the jump. This plan is never going to work. >> Rocket. >> Well, okay. I'm locked on to your vehicles. >> We'll be right behind you. >> Nothing to worry about. Unless we cannot stop this unusually large man, then they'll likely don't. >> Are you going to do [music] [music] it useless to follow me? What is that noise? No one's going to stop rock and roll [music] from existing. >> What have we done? >> I think we all [music] the big thing that generator [music] got the generator. I need time. Okay, let me try. I want to [singing] find time. We have never We're backing coordinates for me to raise that range. [music] I'm going to lose you. You're all heroes. Do you really think they deserve to be called ghost? [music] Do you see how they dress? >> It's just a figure of speech drafts. >> Ah, you are lying to them. Now I understand. [laughter] >> Welcome to the dark of the galaxy. [cheering] >> [music] [music] [music] >> funny. It's
