---
video_id: 7iJjfeDBSJ8
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: LAST DAY of the Festival of the Arts at Epcot - Walt Disney World Live Stream -2-23-26"
published: 2026-02-22
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iJjfeDBSJ8
---
Well, good morning everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live for Magical Monday and the very last day of the Festival of the Arts. >> Welcome in, guys. Thanks for being here. It's going to be a fun day. It's a chilly day, but it's going to be a fun day. Welcome in. And it feels extra cold cuz, you know, I was in the Caribbean and it was warm, but I also heard it was warm here, too. So, but we are not getting snow like the rest of the country. So, I am happy for that. So, welcome in guys. Hi, Amara. Hey, Miss Disney fan. Ann is here. Alicia, uh Karen, Sandra, Lisa, and we did start early today. Hi, Emmy. Make sure you have those notification bells on. Hi, K Miller, Elizabeth, uh Quidd, Liz and Disney, Bev, Karen is here. Share out the stream. Let everybody know we went a little bit early today. We're going to go enjoy the day at Epcot. I woke up this morning excited cuz I haven't been to Disney in over a week and I was like, "What's happening?" Hi, Nia. Hi, Awesome. Austin Snowed in New York. So, mentally transporting myself. All right, sounds good. Hi, Dax. Hi, Disney Files. Hi, Meredith. Welcome in everybody. Isn't she gorgeous? Got to love spaceship earth. Hi Ann. What a good way to come back to Disney except for the cold, but it's fun. We're going to have a fun day. Good morning, Lisa. Love following along with your cruise. Oh, thank you so much. We had an amazing time. Um, stay tuned for the vlogs. I already started editing day one yesterday. I'm not done with it yet. So, I'm hoping I can get it done either um probably tomorrow and we might do a premiere of it tomorrow. So, we'll see. Stay tuned and make sure you're subscribed over to Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Have those notification bells on over there and we'll share our first vlog from the cruise. And also, I have a friend. >> Hi. >> This guy. >> Me? >> You didn't go back yet? >> I didn't go back. >> Not yet. I am not ninja working. >> You are not ninja working. We got a Tim in the wild. Hi Alyssa. How are you? He was here this weekend. Thought I was going to miss him, but then he stayed an extra day. Not just for me, but you know to stay warm >> is >> until today. >> Right. >> I was acclimating for tomorrow. >> There you go. It's just getting you prepared. Exactly. >> 20 and 15. >> Oh my goodness gracious. Are you getting snow, too? >> Uh we didn't get >> You didn't? Okay. Well, that's good. >> There was a little bit. >> That's good news. >> Not like everybody else. >> Good. Good. Happy Monday, Andrew. Hi, Lee and Robin. >> I say we go to one of my favorite rides. And it's fun because this ride when we're on the cruise, there's a part called um well, depends on what ship you're on on Royal Caribbean, but if you're on the Wonder, it's called the Cararium. And if you're on the uh the newer ships like the Star or the Icon, it's called the Overlook. It reminds me of the land every time I'm in there. And then the And then the land reminds me of the cruise ships every time I'm in there. So, let's go to the land/cruise ships. >> It is a boat. Exactly. It is a boat ride. >> All we need is endless food and drinks. >> Ice cream. Uh, let's see. Nail girl uh just became a member of the channel. Thank you, Nail Girl. Avl, that's very kind of you for becoming a member. Hi, Logan. Good morning, Skipper. Dad, we had a great time. It went too quick. You know how vacations do. Hi, Jay. >> Oh my goodness. You're getting all the snow out there. Hi, Brian. Thank you. So, I love the land. It is one of my favorite rides. After that, we'll see. We have another friend calling. So, we'll see where we go after that and what the wait times are. But hopefully the cool weather is uh making everybody stay in the hotel a little longer today. But it is the very last day of the Festival of the Arts. So, >> we're going to soak that in and enjoy all the >> So, the flowers planted yet before you left? >> Yes. Well, some of them. >> Some of them and some of the topiaries, but not all of them. I bet they're all up now. >> Everything's in bloom. >> Oh, man. Hopefully they're covering them for the >> Oh, yeah. >> We're getting down in the 30s again tonight. >> It's sad when you drive around here. Like >> even on the Montreal, like going around Pali, it looks so sad. >> It's so sad. >> Everything's brown. And >> when we went out to the coast, you know, to Port Canaveral to get on the ship, >> lots of things were dead. >> So many plants and things. Uh, how was the crowd? Was it a party crowd or more mellow? It was a good crowd. I mean, it was it was very crowded. Our ship was pretty full. Um, there were more kids on this cruise than I was expecting in February. It was packed with kids. Um, and Dale and I talk about that a little in the vlogs, but I think they're trying to focus more um on these bigger cruise ships for like focus on families more than just, you know, >> there's so much to do here. >> Yeah. So much to do. There's more kid areas. There's more family areas. a lot of Yep. a lot more shows and things. So, I would say the thing that shocked us the most was how many kids were on the cruise cuz, you know, it wasn't a Disney cruise. Obviously, you're going to have a lot of kids on Disney cruises and that's totally fine. And it's fine on Royal, too. I just we weren't expecting it cuz on the other Royal ships, you'll have kids, but not as many as we're on this one. Hi, Pam. Hi, Noel. Hi, Brownie. Brown. And what's funny is like on Disney cruises, everybody thinks it's going to be loaded with kids, >> but they're all in the >> but they all have they like they have their own section. It's like you don't it's they're in the kids club. >> It's totally opposite of what you think. >> It's totally >> Yeah. No, you're right. Cuz a lot of times they don't want to leave the amazing kids club. >> The cruise ships also have the adults area and stuff. So it's like >> Yep. And so I think that threw me off too cuz the kids I mean they were in their kids area some but the last night of the cruise they were running around everywhere. It was like holy moly what's happening >> our last day. >> Yeah. Go. >> They literally were in packs and just running and like they were almost running people over. So that part I wasn't a big fan of. But other than that it was great. >> Hi Glenn. >> I can't wait to see video of the certain show that you saw. >> We couldn't film it. >> No. Nope. Couldn't film it. >> I I I picture that. >> It was amazing, though. Tim, go on the ship just to watch it. So, we got to go see Back to the Future the musical. Um they have it on the Star of the Seas. I was geeking out. It was amazing. And uh and then they had a Back to the Future trivia one day. That was fun. So, yeah. Anyways, it was great. Stay tuned for the vlogs. Hi, Johnny. Due to the blizzard overnight, I called off work today. Oh, well, I'm glad you're able to watch. I bet a lot of people are off work today or school. >> At least we can provide you sunshine. >> Exactly. >> Not so much warmth. >> No, no warmth, but you can pretend. >> Hi, Max. Hey, Monoa J. Thanks, Anthony. Good morning, Rebecca. How are you? Rebecca says, "Hello, Tim." >> Hi. >> It already smells like the cruise ship right now in the carium cuz it has that like water smell, you know? >> Inside water. >> Yep. in the inside water smell. >> Ah, crucial smells like chrome. >> I mean, in the water areas. Yes. >> Probably smells like pool. >> Pool. It's true. >> Good morning, Melissa. I'll be there next weekend to celebrate my 50th. That's awesome, Melissa. Happy early birthday. >> Good morning. Good morning. Almost have 500 in the chat. We did go a little bit early. I told Dale when I was leaving the house getting all bundled up. I'm like, we were sitting outside by the pool two days ago. What's happening? And now I look like this. >> I got burnt on Saturday. >> I got so burnt, too. And now I look like this. >> Winter coat, gloves. I can't feel my fingers. My nose is a little chilly. >> Every time I come, it's cold. >> Okay. So, it's your fault? No. >> No. I brought 90s. Just kidding. >> Well, you know, when you come next, it will be very hot. So, >> it'll be >> cuz you're not coming again till July. Holy moly, Tim. >> Between then, it's Dollywood and then Disneyland. >> Oh, when's Dollywood Easter weekend. >> All right, guys. I'm going to have to do a little switcheroo when we get in the uh line. So, just stay tuned. Got to push the buttons. That's right. I I had to accidentally push some buttons again to this morning, too, to start the stream, but I fixed it. All right, guys. Guys, we'll be right back. Okay. Are we back? >> There must be like um a school something. >> Oh, a senior thing. Okay. And we're back. >> Can we wait? >> That would be great. Thank you. >> This just worked out perfect. >> Oh, really? >> Interesting. And last weekend, too. Well, yeah, because that was president. >> And now weekend. >> And now it's race week. >> Yes. I'm so excited. Also, I saw that it's supposed to be rain, so Hi, Johnny. 8 to 12 in. That is crazy. There's our boat ship. for your safety. >> I mean, I still feel like I'm on the water. So, we might go on a boat, right? >> Like when I brush my teeth, you know, like as you please lower your hand and watch your step. >> For your safety, remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat at all times. >> Flower and garden starts March 4th. I think next Wednesday, week from Wednesday. >> All right, guys. Enjoy the ride. >> Now sit back. >> We'll lag a little and enjoy living with the lamb. All right. Have one. relations universal rising nation living with the land. Our journey begins as fast and sudden changes are sweeping over the land. The approaching storm may seem violent instruction. The surface of the lake trap water from the falling light extracting precious nutrients and these elements when combined with sunlight creating systems. Heat. Heat. Rainforest are also extremely rich. In the desert, nature has created a very different and no less beautiful living system. And while this arid landscape may seem lifeless, it is very much alive. The American prairie once appeared as desolate as the desert, but over time, rainwater and nutrients gradually penetrated the hard surface of this land. Even the hooves of the mighty buffalo helped create the rich soil that would one day become home to the American farm. Luna, mom. Dad, >> of all the forces at work on the land, humans have had one of the most profound effects, the need to produce food for a growing world led to the enormous use and sometimes overuse of the land. In our search for more efficient ways to grow food, we often Today, we're learning to live with the land, discovering better ways to grow food that will assure both human and environmental well-being. >> In regions, we're learning to produce food on desert coast by developing and planting crops that soft. In Japan, we're learning that by mixing leaves and other living materials into our soil, we can make farmland more fertile without the need for chemicals. Here at Epcot, we're learning to reduce the need for chemical pesticides by breeding and using natural predators like ladybugs and wasps to control pest. In the farmlands across America, we're learning that by plowing under vegetation containing natural fertilizers, we can enrich the soil without the use of chemicals. In arid regions, we're learning to produce food on desert sea coasts by developing and planting crops that thrive in. How will we meet tomorrow's growing needs for food production yet still respect the needs of the land? Some of the answers are being discovered just ahead. To help us maintain these carefully controlled ecosystems and for your safety, please remain seated in your boat at all times. Welcome to our living laboratory where scientists from Epcot and the US Department of Agriculture are exploring innovative ways to produce bountiful harvests now and into the future. >> The tropics are home to the greatest diversity of plants on the planet. Many of these like papaya, bananas, cacao, coffee, and rice are well known around the world. These are just a few of the edible plants that have been an important source of nutrition for people living in the tropics. Many are rich in vitamins and minerals, while others are well adapted to growing in less than ideal conditions. Some, like the water lily, thrive in wet, sloppy areas and waterways. All parts of this plant, even the flower petals, are edible. The starchy root of the plant has long been used to make flour for baking. One day, many of these lesserknown tropical plants may be as important as the bananas growing on both sides of the boat. More than 28 million tons of bananas are eaten annually, making it the most popular fruit in the world. Heat. Heat. When we mention farming, you probably don't think of fish. But fish farming or agriculture accounts for nearly half of all the season we see in gold. Tilapia, bats, and catfish like the ones you see here are three of the more popular crops raised by fish farmers. The sustainable system we're using here recycles the water in the tanks. As a result, we're able to save millions of gallons each year. Our small fish produces nearly 5,000 pounds of fish each year to serve in restaurants around fish. Innovation like this one can play an important role in our efforts to produce valable harvests and still protect natural resources. Sorry. wearing. >> While there are more than 50,000 edible plant species in the world, most of us are only familiar with the handful that make up our everyday diet. The common grains growing here, wheat, maize, sorghum, and millet, plus rice, account for nearly 2/3 of our global food consumption. Learning how to increase yields of these staples is an important goal of research around the world. These plants are definitely on their way up. Innovative growing techniques like these increase yields while more efficiently using resources like water, fertilizer, and pesticides. Another innovation at work here is our integrated pest management program. By populating our green houses with beneficial insects that prey on harmful pests like aphids and flies, we are significantly reducing our reliance on conventional pesticides. >> We're growing these crops using our nutrient film system. This technique precisely controls and recycles water and nutrients. With it, we can produce over 27,000 heads of lettuce a year in this one small area. Strawberries, >> snake. >> Some of our best ideas have been inspired by nature, like these fruit and vegetable trees. By growing these ground plants vertically, we can increase yields and better control diseases. These crops taste as good as they look. In fact, we serve more than 15 tons of produce from our green houses and restaurants here land every year. The future of agriculture may include innovative ideas like this vertical growing system. Plants grown in this way use a fraction of the space required by traditional growing methods. That saves water and increases production. The aquaponic system on your left combines hydroponics with aquaculture. The fish provide a natural source of fertilizer for the plants and the plants help keep the water clean for the fish. It's another great way to produce more while using less. In our lab, Epcot scientists are working with the US Department of Agriculture on a number of innovative projects. The goal of these efforts is to produce higher yielding and better quality plants. Power. These green houses represent just a fraction of the work being done worldwide to produce bountiful harvests for our growing population. Scientists, farmers, and production and protect our precious natural environment. Only then will we truly be living with the land. On behalf of Walt Disney World, we hope you've enjoyed this journey laboratory. If you like the coast, then check out the behind the scenes tour. It's a chance for the whole family to get up close and personal with the plant and growing stand inside the boat and remain seated until the boat comes to complete stop. For your safety, please remain and watch yourself as you only. >> All right. Always a fun relaxing ride. Now I need more coffee. See here. Fix the connection. All right. All the things I remembered. All right, let's head up and out. >> I want to go on record and say that that was the most activity I've ever seen on the land. >> It's true. People were in cleaning and pruning and doing all kinds of stuff. >> All that. Yes, exactly. And where did they put the fish? >> Usually they clean with the fish in there. >> Um, those might be tilapia in there. So that's just >> they're gone. They kind of just put them in the UK. >> Or maybe they're in somebody. Maybe there's somebody's belly. Okay. >> Or they put them in the tilapia tanks. >> Oh, that that's true. They could have done that. >> So, yeah. No fish in there this morning. All right. Let's go left to the lift. Shall we do All right, guys. Let me know in the in the chat. Should we do Figment or should we do uh Living with the Land or should we just go >> We did Living with the Land >> that we sure did. How about the seas? We did land. >> Okay, let's do C. Okay, C or Figment. Nemo or Figment? Uh $10 from Sapphire Sooner. Um says, "Love the stream. Our favorite thing is the grilled cheese." Oo, from where? >> From the land. From the quick service. Thank you so much, Sapphire Sooner. Now I'm hungry. Thank you for the $10 super chat. That's very nice. Hey, Hersel. Hey, Margie. Hey, Marshall. Who is the new lady with Tim? You don't know who I am. No, I'm just kidding. That's funny, Tony. Hi, Corey. Hi, Brienne. I know. It's been a week. It's been a whole week. Actually, a little over a week. >> I've been on a boat. >> Like seven days. >> Yeah. >> On a boat. >> Crazy. It was awesome, though. All right, so we've got Nemo. Nemo. The cruise was great, Brian. All right, two votes for Nemo. Let's see Figment Robert. Okay, two more figments. >> We can go find Fig. >> Two more Nemo. All right, we're still tied. And we can do them both actually, but >> we sure could. >> The grilled cheese from the festival booth. Oh, yes. Yes. Yes. >> Mhm. >> Journey to Imagination >> and Tomato. >> Nemo. Hey Martha. Nemo. Goodness. Okay, we're kind of tied right now. >> Have you seen the new sea dragons in Nemo? >> No. >> Those are cool. >> There's sea dragons. Hello, Nicole. had a delay here in Virginia due to snowstorm. Why don't we go do Figment first and then we'll go >> then we'll go do the seas. How about that first? >> Yeah, >> let's go see Figgy since this whole festival is kind of >> based kind of >> based off of Figment. Exactly. Figment is the mascot quote unquote of the Festival of the Arts. Let's go see a Figment. >> The butterfly. >> I know. I cannot wait for this butterfly. >> Going to miss it this year. >> It's your first year missing it. You're always here for opening. >> I know. Normally I miss art. This is my second time seeing arts. >> Oh, good point. Go. Okay. >> By the way, usually you'll come for Flower and Garden and Marty Grow at the same time. >> Mhm. >> Little different, >> but they extended arts. >> Oh, good point. Yeah. >> So, >> Duck, >> I will say >> this is a great time to come cuz you can see both, >> right? >> You don't get the experience like the booth and stuff for the flower garden and the and the entertainment, but you get to see the topiaries. Mhm. >> You get to see all the flowers. >> That's a good point. And you get to see You get >> You still have to do arts. >> The booth for the arts. >> Mhm. >> The art booth. >> Art booths >> and art. >> And art, which I bought yesterday. >> What'd you buy? >> Oh, boy. Did I >> I told you I was coming with my tax. >> Uh-huh. You sure did. >> I had to get one shipped home. >> Oh, wow. Okay. So, a fancy one. >> Yeah. >> Wow. Well, when we walk around, maybe you can point out what you bought. I actually bought the last one other than >> the one they had hanging on the on the display. >> Oh, wow. >> I was like, I'll take it. >> I'll take it. Wrap it up. That's fun. >> Well, good job shopping. I'm saving all my monies for the princess race coming up. The expo. >> Expo coming soon. >> Coming soon. All right, here we go. Nemo's or Nemo. Oh my goodness, I need coffee. This is Figment. Hi, I'm Jenna. new here. >> Welcome to my channel. >> I don't I don't know what ride we're on right now. >> Figment is only a five minute wait. >> They have to put buttons and things and downgrade. >> Exactly. >> All the things. All right, guys. I do have to switch to Actually, no. I don't think I do. I can just do this. So, it won't shouldn't blow. >> It does lag on this ride, so you will get some lag. Just refresh. Hopefully, >> I'm going to make a bold prediction. Okay, here we go. >> Because Josh tomorrow took over. >> Uh-huh. Yes. >> Once the major projects are completed at the parks, >> this will be changed. >> This I cannot wait. >> I guarantee >> I love love love Figment. >> Everyone's complaint. >> Seriously. And everybody loves Figment. His merch sells out so quick. So I would love that. >> Everybody wants Let's get it back to its original, but like a revamped original. Oh, just that style like the way it was. Doesn't have to be this attraction. It can be new and different. >> No, exactly. But similar to what it was just like little >> There was lots going on. There was lots of scenery and lots of things and >> smelled like roses. It was awesome. >> This ride is what made obviously cuz he doesn't have a movie or a TV show is what you made me fall in love with Figment. >> That ride is one of the reasons Epcot was my favorite as a kid. >> Yes. Same. and red. >> And I have one of the original Figment plushies still. I still have him. >> He's like felt you doing well, Catalina. Figment deserves a reverb. Yes. >> And yes, we need Dreamfinder back. We need his um Dreamfinder contraption flying machine thing. >> Yeah. >> Back. Hey, Patriot. >> At the beginning. >> It was what? >> Right at the beginning, I think. >> Uhhuh. Yep. He was right up here where these screens were. stopped and >> I think the track is the same. It's just >> the way the layout >> the way Yeah. >> Yeah. Sandra, I think you would like Figment more if you would have ridden the original attraction. 100%. >> This one's You still get to see Figment at least. And the upside down part is cute. >> I do like that part. If they left that in, I would be fine. the yellow line. >> Please remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside your torch. >> Behind the yellow line of your children and um Oh, yes. Please don't let your imaginations run wild. >> No way. >> It was open today. I walked past Oh, yeah. We both walked past it. You were there. How many? >> Oh, we could go do that. >> Brian, she's doing okay. Thanks for asking. >> I have to see the new photos coming. Not like new frozen faces. >> Oh, yeah. I haven't been on that yet. Mhm. Not our really embodying going on vacation after vacation. That's right. I was excited to come back to Disney. Missed it. They should make a mean red colored pigment and put him in villains land. Oh my goodness, Michael. >> Oh, space stage Nova. >> Everybody wants to meet everyone else today. It's 90 minutes. >> Holy moly. >> Everybody's frozen. Might as well. >> Oh, I almost fell. >> Still I'm still with the ship, you know. Still rocking. >> Still rocking like a enjoy your safe tour of our sakes. Please remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside your tour tram. Keep a watchful eye on your children. And um Oh. Oh, yes. Uh please don't let your imaginations run wild. I'll try. All right, guys. Enjoy the ride. Here we go. It will lag a little bit, so just keep refreshing. Welcome, welcome, welcome to our special drive-thru open house. I'm Dr. Nigel Channing, chairman of the Imagination Institute. Hello. On your tour, you'll see how the five human senses can help capture your imagination. >> Oh. Oh, can I go too? >> Absolutely not. Uh, this is one of our discoveries, the figment of imagination. >> Yeah, I know a lot about the senses. There's sight, sound, smell, touch, coochie, coochie, and taste. Tastes like chicken. Can I go? Please, please, please. >> No, I don't want you out of my sight. >> Out of sight? Okay, come on everybody. Here we go. >> Pigment, you are not to interfere with the tour. >> Our first stop is the sound lab. We'll begin by testing your hearing with a series of tones. Left ear, right ear, left, right. What? This is odd. Um, hello. >> Who is this? >> It's Figment. >> Figment? I thought I told you not to interfere. >> But you've got it wrong, Doc. It's not about listening with your ears. It's about listening with your imagination. >> Now I've completely lost my train of thought. >> No, you haven't. It's over here. All aboard. Next stop, imagination. For every sound, your ears are hearing a thousand thoughts can start appearing. And each of us imagines different things from just the sound. Your mind has wings. In a calm, scientific and figmentfree manner, the things we see with our eyes can control the eyes of the imagination. And let's begin by using the eye chart to test your vision. Now, all together, if you would please read line three, F. You can see things differently. Sure, you can see with your eyes, but imagine what you could see if you used your imagination. How about the bouncing pigment? What spark of light can make your fancy? Your mind sees more than what your eyes see. Your sense of sight can make your fancy fly. There's more to sight than me. I said imagination must be captured and controlled. >> Uhhuh. Imagination works better when it's set free. Just turn your imagination loose and anything can happen. >> Pleasant familiar smells >> into play. I'd love to. >> This is not a good >> Always a good time to use your imagination. So, let the good times roll. Woohoo! You win one. >> All these stuff that really sticks all you really lovely can be a feeling. Your mind through your nose. >> I'm sorry, but after that big sting, perhaps I should end my open house. >> Go to my open house instead. It's much more fun. Right this way, everybody. >> What is going on? You're turning this entire open house upside down. >> Upside down. Now you're talking. That's the best idea you've had all day. With just a spartan of inspiration. I made my house and innovation imagination really comes around and upside down. Now, here's a real of the house. Come on. So, what do you think? Imagine the brains of my house. Of course you just >> Well, if you can't beat him, join them. We all have spots. >> Imagination. That's how our minds create creations. We set them free and know what they can do. Those magic files from me and you. You see, I knew you'd get it cuz you got a wonderful imagination. >> I do. Oh, yes. Thank you very much. And >> so, as you can plainly see, imagination works the best when it's set free. >> You said it, Doc. Imagination is a blast. from me and you imagin. >> Greatest song ever. Okay, now I'm hot with all these layers. >> Don't worry. >> Okay. Yes, I will not be hot soon. >> Okay, our our other friend is here. What? >> All right, go Jim. Go. >> Used to be >> You got It used to be >> You got this onehanded backwards. Good job. Uh, >> we've got Figma over here meeting and greeting. >> Here's Figgy. >> Figgy. Figgy. Fruit. Fruit. >> Figzilla. >> Figzilla. All right, let's go this way. >> Oh my goodness. Oh, there he goes. Bye, Figgy. >> Going in his tunnel. >> So stinking cute. Oh, he's making it. Bye, Figma. A, he's so cute. >> That was so cute. I didn't know they played the music in there. That was fun. >> I know. I don't think I've ever seen that before. or it's been a while if I have. It's been a while. Um, that reminds me of the rainbow tunnel. >> Rainbow >> that was up here. We need a rainbow tunnel back. >> Just saying. >> I don't think you're going to get it there. >> No, >> that's for special people. >> I know. Sad story. >> Tim, you should become a DVC member. >> Oh, Sharon is so DVC Sharon. >> We got to go with um David and family. >> It's in her name. It's true. DVC Sharon. It's in her name. All right. Here we go. Back to the frrigid. >> But it's sunny. >> Yeah, the sun does help. Actually, it's not. >> It's going to get almost 60, if not 60 today. >> Okay. All right. If it weren't windy, >> the wind that's >> Mhm. If it weren't windy, it would be amazing. >> That smells >> Yeah. What is that? >> Delish. >> All right, guys. Yes. Um, let me make sure. Okay. Let me take off the >> Yep. the Wi-Fi. All right. We're good. So, >> so windy. The waterfall's going back. Oh my goodness gracious. Who turned it upside down? Pigment, of course. Well, thanks guys for being here. Shall we do seas or shall we do spaceship earth? What do you guys want to do? We're going to wait on our friend cuz she's here somewhere. Can we look? >> Oh, look. We've got Mufasa. We got all pretty much all the topiaries are up. Although I thought it was smart of them to move the Donald and Dewey one over here by the land. >> Agreed. Agreed. Agreed. That was very smart actually. >> I like this. >> Here we go. We got the Lion King himself. That's right. Hi, Rita. Hi, Jose. >> Everything the light touches >> is your kingdom. Oh, and then we have um the Encanto crew over here instead of in the middle. All right, so we've got some votes here. Let me let me check them out. All right, let's see. We've got Space Birth. Spac Earth. Nemo. Nemo. >> Yes, Rob, it does still exist. The seas. Hi, Nanny Blue Bear. Hi, Karen. All right, so we're pretty equal right now. Let's see if we get some more votes. space. >> There's our friend. >> Yay. You are in the park. >> Sharon's here. >> Three times as long as normal. >> All good. >> Accidents like crazy. >> It's all good. >> We're trying to decide. Spaceship Earth or Nemo >> or both. >> Or we could do both. This is true. Um, let's look at the weights. That'll help us, right? Decide. >> Let's see here. Um 25 for spacious birth. Now maybe we should do Nemo. >> Let's do Nemo, guys. That's bless. And then we'll go enjoy some of the festival. >> Awesome. >> All right. >> Let's go see some fishies. >> Yeah, you can see the sea dragons. >> Oh, yeah. The sea dragons >> upstairs at the entrance, too. >> Yeah. >> People come in. >> It's been Yeah. Getting in was crazy. >> Sea world. >> Yeah. >> Bright suns. Everybody saying hi, Sharon. >> Hello. Good morning. Um, if we can do Spaceship Earth later, we will. If not, we're going to try to enjoy more of the festival after we ride this ride because today's the last day. >> Get some food that we haven't tried. We're going to go um check out some of the artwork. I want to go see the 3D art cuz I think it's um Doctor Strange. I think it's I need a picture cuz I wore my Wanda sweatshirt >> and it must be >> I almost wore my Wanda. >> Oh, that's awesome. That is funny. >> So funny. They either survived the rain or they must have covered it because it looked great. And I came right after We came right after the rain yesterday. So, >> uh, Becky Cook, welcome to Resort Hopper Bronze. Thank you for becoming a member, Becky. Thank you so much. >> Really appreciate it. >> Oh, you did? You shopped after we split up. >> Tim went shopping. >> Jesse left and I went back. >> That's That's easier to do when you're just by yourself. >> It's true. >> Just look look for yourself. Nobody else is see what you want. I went back and got the >> Yeah, it's cold. It is cold today. >> The wall got the wall one, but they also had And I noticed it's the >> Is this the shortest festival? Yes, it is. It's the shortest one. Um the other ones run a lot longer than this one. >> And it is the newest festival, too. >> Here we go. We have Donald, Huie, Dewey, and Louis getting their guardian on. >> It's got all the >> Edwin says, "Hi, Tim. Good morning, Sharon. >> Good morning. Here's Donald over here being adorbs. >> Uh, Becky, I don't know about the auto renew. Um, >> I don't know if there's a button you click for auto renew. >> I'm not actually sure. >> I'm like, ship it. >> I think there might be. >> Taking the prints. >> I hope to see you at Flower and Garden. Oh, yeah. I'll be there. I'll be there. Opening weekend or opening is next week. I think it's Wednesday. Week from Wednesday, I believe next week already. >> I'm pretty sure. I could be wrong, >> but I'm pretty sure >> you could do the expo and come right to >> Yeah. Well, no, that's this that's this week. The following Wednesday. Yeah. >> Exactly. Hi, Taylor's World. >> We could be resting. >> Yeah. We're so excited for the princess race. However, everybody do your anti- rain dance cuz there's rain forecasted right now. >> Percentage right now. >> Yes. 60% >> forecasted during race time. >> Yes, all day. 60% all day. >> You don't know what that means, I guess. So, we'll see. >> Run around it. >> Run around it. >> I know. Jesse Mouse and I were texting last night like, which would we rather, be freezing or be wet? And I'm like, well, we'll probably be cold and wet so that that doesn't sound >> cold. >> Oh, this looks way longer. >> This is outside, guys. >> Oh, it is outside. >> Should we just go in the back and check out the fishies? You can do that. >> Yeah, this is going to be a long 15 minutes. >> That's not going anywhere. >> This is true. >> I bet you everybody saw >> I'd rather be cold. >> I bet everybody >> wet for a race. >> Same. >> Yeah, cuz then you warm up once you start moving. >> Exactly. >> And when you get wet, you don't get dried off when the sun's not out. >> Are you doing the five? >> Five. Yeah. >> So, at least it's not too long. >> No, it's not too long. >> No, we're doing the five. I'm excited. When is the sign up for the marathon? Did you see Pluto is the 5K again? I think I want to do that for the marathon weekend. >> Like actual marathon weekend >> like when do you sign up? >> March March 17th. >> March 17th. All right, everybody mark your calendars. And not you guys. Unless you want to do it. Maybe you can. >> I'm going to sign up for Dopey. >> Oh yeah, Tim's doing Dopey. >> All right, let's do five. >> Good for you, Tim. >> And I think Andy wants to do the five. >> Okay, cool. >> He didn't get to enjoy the five. >> I know. Poor Andy. >> We can coordinate outfits again. Love it. >> I'll do it better this time. >> You do better. Oh, it is nice in here. All right, let's go see some fishies. >> I still have imagine. Imagine imagination. Okay, this is cute. Pivot. Low tides. Good vibes. That's cute. What's on the front? Go find your thrower. >> It's just a regular old spirit jersey, but that is cute. It's not like a Disney spirit jersey. >> I think you're part cat. I hate being wet outside. Same. Hello, Scott. Right now, you have the warmer weather that's Massachusetts having in Nor Eastern and the partial blizzard. Yes, I know you guys are getting hit really hard. I'm so sorry. Let's go up go see what fishies we can see. Sorry we didn't get to go on the ride. When it's outside, that's going to take more than 15 minutes. We'll go maybe do some shopping after this. I've not shopped at Disney in over a week and you know, you know I'm missing it. >> Tell you more about the cruise. Oh my goodness, it was amazing. It was 7 days. Uh, we went to the private island, um, Coco K or Coco K, however you want to say it. We went to Cosmo, Mexico. We went to Rowaton, Honduras, and, uh, Kosamaya, Mexico. Watch the videos though to see if we made it to all the ports. If you watch their Instagram, you might have seen. Um, also go watch my Instagram looking for the chief dog um officer on board of Star of the Seas. If you guys didn't see it, go check it out. And I am going to be editing and getting my first or getting our first vlog out from the cruise hopefully tomorrow. And I I plan to do a uh premiere of it. What is a good time for a premiere for everybody to come join on Adventures of Jenna and Dale tomorrow? So, >> what do you guys think? I want to premiere my first cruise vlog tomorrow. What time do you think is a good time to premiere it cuz it's a long one, so I want to be at home so I can type and answer. And >> how long is >> uh so far? And I'm not done yet. It's 22 minutes, but I'm only halfway halfway through the day. So, it'll probably be I would say maybe 40ish minutes. We'll see. Yeah, cuz it's our whole day. >> Well, I was going to say 9, but that's really early on the East Coast. Sorry, the West Coast. If you're premiering it, >> maybe 6 >> in the evening. >> Yeah. >> In the evening. >> You know why? Because people will be home >> from work. Yeah. Okay. Let's see what people say. Here we go. >> The people on the west coast. >> I'll be home. >> You'll be home. >> West Coast will get home. >> Yeah. And then they can watch it. So, we have 2 p.m. >> in the evening. So, you know, it's not like there's a conflict. >> That's true. 10:00 a.m. >> Good morning, Kelly. >> Also, cuz Josh will probably go Oh, Josh is going to go live at 6:00. Shoot. So maybe five, >> seven. >> Oh, five. Yeah. >> Yeah, maybe five. Have it at six or seven. H six or seven. I get it. That's right. No, Josh will be live tomorrow, so maybe I should do it earlier. A They're so cute. Hello, friends. >> I'll see you at London. >> You could do it after Tranquil Tuesday. I could. That would just be a little late. >> Mhm. >> I could do it at lunch time. >> I could do like noon. >> Oh, yeah. If I get it done, >> we could do it before and lead into Josh's Triangle Tuesday. >> That's true, too. I like this >> after Josh. >> I know. We could do that. >> Mhm. >> Yep. We're merging. >> Beep the people over. >> Merge. Look at >> them go. >> A look how cute. They look like sea dragons. >> They are sea dragons. >> Oh, that's why. >> They're so interesting. >> I know. They look like plants, but >> yeah, >> dragons under the sea. Yeah, >> they are sea dragons. >> Something out of Avatar. >> Yes, they do. >> Hey, transformer dad. >> Yeah, they just got these not too long ago. >> So, maybe lunchtime. Okay. All right. We'll see. We'll see. >> Dan, that's what we're talking about now. We're I'm going to have one tomorrow hopefully. If not tomorrow, then maybe Wednesday. We'll see. I just I don't want to interfere with Josh's live stream. Of course, you're >> excited to hear about your >> work the details about your cruise. >> I know. I can't wait for you guys to see all the fun things. >> Notifications. >> That's right. Make sure you have those notification bells on. Then you'll be notified when I do go live. >> All right, let's go see more fishies. Under the sea. Hi, Annette. >> Thanks for streaming. Your friends look familiar. Were they at Animal Kingdom yesterday? They They were at Animal Kingdom yesterday. They said your friends look familiar. Were they at Animal Kingdom yesterday? You guys were spotted. >> They were at Animal Kingdom. >> I love it. >> Hi, Natisha. >> Caught in the rain. >> Oh, there was rain. It was crazy rain. >> Oh, no. >> Crazy rain for like an hour. >> My shoes and socks. >> You were soaked. Oh, sad story. Okay. >> Then it brightened up and got sunny. >> It was It turned into a nice day. >> Most of me dried up. My shoes and socks were so I got >> That's the worst part. We did come here right after a pair of Crocs in my car. >> Yep. Or or fresh socks, you know. >> Yes. >> All right, guys. Here we go. Let's go down here. This is the seas with Nemo and friends. Um and if you don't ride, so the ride will let you off here and you come upstairs to see all the the fishies. Um but if you don't want to ride the ride or the ride is too long, you can go in the back door and come and just check out the fish and the sea life. Man, it is crowded in here, too. It is just a busy day here at Epcot. >> They were counting animal. >> You were counting animals on the safari, she said. >> Oh, fun. >> That's funny. >> So, were you on the safari with them? >> Oh, look. >> Watching this. >> They said that you guys were counting animals on the safari. >> Miss Disney fan. >> Oh, yeah. Hi, Miss Disney fan. Yep. We were uh we were on the safari. Oh, fun. >> And a few other people. >> A They're so pretty. >> Nemo is now 30 minutes. I would have Yep. Oh, hello friend. >> I think he's cleaning over there. >> Good thing we didn't go on it. >> Hello, Orlando. >> They sucked their dad. >> They rushed to Nemo and then they it went up. This is part of the ride. We go through this part. This is the uh EAC. >> That's the copyright EAC. >> Yes. >> EAC do >> chat GT GPT says best viewing days are Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday or weekday 6:00 to 9. Okay. Okay. >> You chat GPT it for me. Thank you. Yes. 6:00 to 9:00 p.m. >> Oh my goodness. Orlando. >> Orlando Gonzalez just sent a $50 super chat. Jenna and Josh and friends are the greatest. A thank you, Orlando. That's so very kind of you. Thank you so much for the $50 super chat. That is very, very generous and very kind. >> Comes the sharks. They're coming at us. Thanks, Orlando. There's a hammerhead over there. >> Oh, and guess what? Spaceship Earth is currently down. So, we made great decisions both ways. See, look at us go. Uh-huh. >> One, two, three, four sharks. Crazy. >> Amazing. >> Oh, look at that. >> We got a mad little kiddo over here. >> The next shark. There's another >> Monoa J. You have been in the tank before. Did you do the dive quest? >> Gotcha. Awesomeness. No worries. I get it. >> The exit sign looked like it was in the tank. That's >> Oh man, little kiddos. They tired already. Hello, friend. >> Have a Mickey Mouse Club supper day. I love that. Thank you, Orlando. That's so kind. Oh, we got some more rays. But wait, Mr. Ray, we can't go without Nemo. Nemo swimming out to sea. Yes, Jay. I will not. >> All right, let's go see if the manatees are out. They're one of my favorites. They used to have dolphins in here. No more dolphins. >> Oh, are the Olympus going to be in uh LA 2028? That's amazing. I guess I I probably knew that. just as one does. We're going to go down and see the manatees right away. >> Oh, yeah. >> That's okay. >> You scuba? That's awesome, Manoa. I didn't know you had your scuba license. My friend Ivonne does that, too. She loves to dive and she really wants to do the dive here sometime. >> There they are. There's two of them. I know. >> Did I hear there was a new little one? >> This one? >> He is little. >> He's going back there. >> Yes. Um, I scuba dive not on the Disney cruise. It was on our Royal Caribbean cruise that we went on together. >> Just following following the big man. >> Hello, Melissa from Canada. I miss mermaid, too. But I'm glad she was able to be released into the wild. >> He's like, "Nah, I like it in here. I'm going to stay in here, guys." >> Hello, Amy. >> All right, let's go. >> They're so cute. >> They are so cute, man. And it is packed in here. >> Busy, busy, busy. Everywhere. Busy. >> No, you're right. Yeah, they did go with us on both the cruises. Yep. No worries. All good. >> Yep. They went on the Disney Wish at the same time. Dale and I went on the Disney Wish and then we all went together um on the Royal Caribbean Wonder of the Seas. two was it two years ago almost or more than two years ago now I forget. Uh the Wish was almost two years ago. It'll be two years ago that we went on the Wish this summer. So it was probably Yeah. Almost 3 years ago on the Wonder. Crazy time flies. >> So are we ready for the 5K? Have we been uh have we been practicing? >> I told I told Jessie about yesterday. Um I would just be like fence walking with you. I have not been running recently. >> So I haven't ran but Dale and I took the stairs a lot >> on the cruise. So I think that helped >> I was going to say >> we ate so much food we had to. >> I remember you guys when you stuffed yourself. >> Oh then we went up the stair just to burn it up. >> We were We did. Dale had two Andre's and two appetizers and he he never eats that much. He's like, "Yep, we're going up the stairs." >> That's what you do on a cruise. >> It is what you do. >> That's good. We did so many. >> It's true. We had so many good things, delicious food, ice cream all the time, churros. They even had >> Starbucks every day. >> Starbucks every day. >> I mean, hello. >> Starbucks every day. >> Just renamed the ship the Starbucks of >> Starbucks of the seas. I did have I have my Starbucks and I take it either out by the water or in Central Park. It was so nice. >> What I do woke up early in the morning did that >> sunrise coffee like >> and I slept in. >> That's one of my favorite things to do on a cruise ship. >> I was going to and then I didn't. >> It's so quiet. >> You don't have to wake up. Exactly. >> And there's nobody out. They came from Spaceship Earth, I think. >> Yeah, I think you're right. Um, >> let's go this way. >> Schedule unless you have a >> excursion and we didn't do any excursions for that reason. So that we could just do what we wanted when we wanted. >> That sounds like the ideal. >> That's relaxing. >> We didn't. We had no plan. >> You've already done excursions before just take advantage of the ship when other people have. Yeah, we did. And Cosm did the most. Um, >> Cosm is the only place I want to go to cuz they're known for their snorkeling and their diving. >> I've heard that. Roatan was beautiful. I wish I really wish we would have um done a an excursion in Roouaton, but we didn't. Next time, next time we will cuz it was gorgeous. It's back open. Okay, thank you. Hi Britney. Coffee is acquired. Perfect. >> It was awesome. Have has anybody in the chat been to the Royan uh Honduras port before? It is one of our favorite ports and we didn't even leave the you know the little port area. Um but they had a lot to do just in this little port. It was awesome and you'll get to see the videos. Happy Monday. Thank you Nikki. How are you? Thanks Nikki. Thousand people in the chat the like button. Subscribe if you're new everybody. Also, go check out one of our favorite favorite and we I mean all of our sponsors are our favorite. How about one of our awesome amazing sponsors? MickeyRvelas.com. They will help you book your trip. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself. They help you plan for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com. Also, go to mickeyblog.com for all of the latest Disney news. All right, we're going shopping, guys. >> To the shop. >> I've had a whole week with no shopping on Disney property. >> Did you see me? And I lost the picture. >> I did. >> Such a good picture. >> We were on >> But I didn't get it until we got back because I had Wi-Fi. But since you're not Apple, I can't. Well, I got your text though. What the That was weird. Well, I didn't get that one until I got home. That was weird. That's cuz mine probably she sent it. So >> her service might not. >> She has Apple. >> Maybe she didn't have it set up for Wi-Fi. >> Maybe. Yeah, >> cuz you have to turn that on. >> Oh, okay. Maybe. >> Hi. Well, hello. >> She always turn. >> Roy is I've only gone. >> I told her we were on email. I was like I looked at her. I'm like, you know what? I was like, we're getting our picture taken. >> We need a pick with like shut up. >> I like Oh, we're setting it, too. That's so funny. Love it. >> 1100 people in the chat, guys. >> You know what we used to do? >> What? >> Rapid fire. >> Oh, yes. Rapid fire. I guess I don't know. We'll just go this way to the park. All right, guys. If you have not already bpped that like button, go find the thumbs up, close out of the chat, and bop it. So, we're going to do a rapid fire bop here in just a little bit. I'm going to give you guys all time to get out of the chat, find the thumbs up, and bop it. Goldfish down. >> Sad. >> Sad day. >> Sad day. >> All right, you guys ready? Are you set? The like button and subscribe if you're new. Hey, Maria. My husband and I are going on the Star in September. Oh my goodness, you're going to love it. Definitely watch our vlogs to get ready for it. I almost like >> Oh, we have not done a Tim check in a while. Tim, you okay? >> I'm okay. >> He's okay. He's at Disney. He's okay. >> At Disney. >> I told Tim that he should be >> I think at Disney is better than anything. >> It's true. I told him that he should be um he should get DVC so we can go up to the lounge. And I was like, "Wait, we have a DVC friend." >> I was like, "It's in her name. >> It's in her name." >> Yeah. >> It's in her name. >> It is in her name. named after. >> She was named after DVC. >> Wasn't that smart of my parents? >> That was so smart of her name. Sharon, >> that was so smart of your parents. >> They were just ahead of the curve. >> They knew it was going to happen. >> You'll be here for the end of Flower and Garden. That's awesome. >> I still haven't gotten these >> cuz I have the other one. >> Yeah, same. >> I kind of feel like >> I kind of just want this actually. This would be really cute like on a bag or you'd have to do it cuz I'm a sorcerer Mickey. >> But it also be cute just >> You're right. Just one. >> Mhm. >> Mhm. In the middle. >> But I But I do have >> You get the hand and then the hat. >> Oh, you could get the hand and the hat. >> You get two hands. >> And you then you could be Mickey. You're right. Do the dance. Wait. Do the dance. You have to do the dance. >> Oh, I love that shirt. >> This one. >> They're going to sell out of those and then we're going to wish that we would have got >> I know. >> So, I'm still thinking about buying >> cuz I like them cuz they're thin. >> It's a t-shirt. >> I'm actually wearing t-shirts cuz cuz Yeah, it's very comfortable. >> I think the building ears thing is okay. I'm not blown away. Yeah. No, I get it. I love it. I just think it's so fun. But I get it. No, it's not for everybody. >> Uhhuh. And some are like >> I I got I got that one or got something similar. >> Those really cute keychains. >> Which one? >> Which one? >> The Dumbo. Isn't that from um >> Oh, no. I was confusing it with the Have you seen all the ones from Japan that they've been featuring? Like all the pink um they're on Shop Disney. >> Oh, the cherry blossoms. I haven't seen them in person yet. >> But, you know, that's smart of them putting them here >> because they're bag charms. >> The Dumbo. Yeah, the Dumbo's cute. Maria's cute. They're all so cute. What? I want just him. Can I Can I buy just him? >> I want this bag for him. >> I want this bag just for him. This one's still going, >> right? And do you know here? Wait, help me. Somebody that has two hands. >> I only have one hand. >> I think it's a straw. Like a straw. >> Oh, it is. >> Or not a straw. I'm sorry. It's for your stopper. >> Yeah, for your hot drink. >> Is it a stopper and a straw topper? Like could it serve? >> I think it's just the stopper. >> Wait, it says >> the stopper. >> Yeah, it's just a stopper. >> Topper. Yeah, that's a really great idea, though. >> I love the bag just for the stopper. >> I want it. How much? >> You need the You need the mug. >> I know. I do need the mug. I really do. But I do like the bag. It doesn't say how much it is. >> Well, you need to get the bag. You need to get the mug. >> You can get the bag and the mug. >> Wait, >> that is so cute. >> All right, I'll have to figure out how much it is later, guys. Hi, Tracy. >> Here. I can tell you. Hold on. >> Britney says one of each. >> I can tell you. >> All right, Tim's going to tell us. >> I have magic. >> He's got this. >> I know. W the These are $19.99, so I would assume it's more. >> Yep. I would say $24.99. What do you think? $24.99. Yes. >> Tim's going to find out for us. >> $39.99. >> Okay. >> $39.99. Okay. Never mind about that one. >> Like 32 with the 20% discount. >> I mean, it is thicker, I guess, >> before tax. >> Okay. And before Yeah, before our discount. >> $39.99. Okay. And they have this tiny little bags, which I love. >> Apparently, they're out of the pink. >> Mhm. >> I know. I like that color, too. This size would be perfect. >> These are cute. I used that on my cruise in the black like all week. It was perfect. >> It looked great. >> Thank you. >> I love the one you uploaded yesterday where you >> the dog. Thank you. We were sitting there and we were just talking about it. I'm like, um, we should do this as a >> as a Tik Tok or a real >> and we're like, all right, let's do it. >> Did you ask? Um, apparently the dog was not on our cruise. >> I guess cuz she just turned a year old, so they had her off getting spayed. >> I'm like, on our cruise? Really? >> Sad. >> We got to go on another one. >> I guess I have to go back. Yeah, >> we should all go. >> Love this plan. >> Strength and numbers. >> Strength and numbers. >> And then we'll definitely find her. >> Do on the cruise ship that they need to worry about. >> I know. Seriously. >> Well, I guess there are service jobs. >> She's also a girl, so >> Yes. Yeah, I >> that thing too. >> But you know, >> um that is really pretty. Actually, they're going to have they're going to have ears like this. >> Yes, those are on Shop Disney already. >> Okay, I need this. >> I want to give away that little secret I already did. >> Also, just uploaded to Shop Disney. >> I had one of these for the longest time. These are like these classic Disney mugs. >> Oh, this is cute, too. >> Jedi Master said, what did he say? I missed it. Convenient that Tim's credit card is there. It is convenient. >> Tim's credit card melted yesterday. I just want you to know >> Tim bought a lot of art yesterday. >> Tim, would you like me to babysit your credit card for happy? >> Happy to. The sailor keychain was the cutest. It was Oh, I like this. >> There have been a lot of really cute >> for a princess. >> Yeah. Oh, and feel it. It's a soft material. >> Mhm. That might be a add to cart. Also, it's very convenient that it's out this week for anybody who needs a last minute princess race. Like, maybe we should be proactive and get it for next year. >> Yes, Rebecca, you're here in time. >> That will be on doing the race. >> I know. Hopefully, we get it. >> Got to love the duckies. >> Um, all right. Let's go look over here. >> Here's my mug. >> It is. Wait, >> they have these white t-shirts with >> tiny little lattes >> designed for the park. I think they're going to need one for each. >> Do we need a tiny little latte? That is the cutest thing ever. >> I need a really big latte. Actually, I did have a latte. >> I'm really capitalizing on the latte. >> 14.99. >> Look, they even went detailed and put >> I know. I want this, but like I don't need >> that or the lid. I want it just to be a mug. I'm very particular. >> And a shirt >> that protects >> and a shirt. >> I think it would be such a cute t-shirt. >> Oh, that would be add to cart immediately on that. >> And then you need ears. >> Hi, Nightlock. How are you? Happy >> latte ears. >> I do need latte ears. Totally. All right. I'm dreaming up all this merch I need. >> Yep. Me, too. >> Of the merch that I need. Let's go see what's over here. I see a new sweatshirt. Man, a line of people. >> Sure does. >> Thought maybe people would wait until later in the day, but >> Nope. Everybody's here. >> Well, that's cute. >> It's very valentiny, but it's cute. Just plain, >> right? >> Valentine. >> It's Valentiny. Sorry. Go ahead. >> Yes. Yes, they are. They got the flowers still. I do really love this bag. I keep talking about it. >> Is this Isn't it cute? This is really cute. >> I love it. >> Nice to see it in person cuz I saw this on Shop Disney, too. >> Yeah, it's beautiful. >> Mhm. >> It's the same size as the one we have. It's different color and it's a little more because of the gold I think accents and different material. >> Yeah. >> Would this be waterproof? >> Maybe water resistant. I'm guessing maybe not totally waterproof, >> right? But more than this one probably cuz this is a canvas. >> It's very >> Hi, Debbie. Padded more so than the photos looked. >> Yeah, it is. You're right. >> Yeah. >> So, if you had like a a laptop or a device or something. >> Yeah. >> A gimbal. A gimbal. Exactly. Couple phones. All right. Well, yeah. All the things. They don't have any of the merch discounted yet, which I'm very kind of surprised of. Yeah. Same. Hi everybody. Good morning. Hi Marissa. Hi Ali J. All right. Well, let's go have some festival fun. Which booths do we need to try today? >> I have a book. >> I love books. All right. Let's go in the sun and look at this book. >> I had >> I haven't had anything at the festival yet. >> How much are you Andy's favorite thing so far. >> He's eaten way more festival food than me. >> Okay. >> He loves the steak in at the America booth. >> At the America booth. Okay. >> I don't know. I don't know what you call it, but it's like steak and and rotten potatoes. >> Oh, he loves it. He's gone back and got it three times in America. >> And Tim got a margarita yesterday from margarita. >> Margarita yesterday, too. I just got a I didn't get the festival margarita. >> You just got a regular one >> margarita. >> What What are at the booths? I guess let's walk around this way so we can see what's at the booths over here. >> I tried I had the u beef Wellington. It was amazing over here. >> Um probably. Do you want to Have you been in Tim? >> Oh yeah. >> We should we should pivot and go this way and walk through it. >> I don't know. >> I think it's open. Or does it open? >> I think it opens in the morning. >> I agree >> cuz it doesn't have food in there. It's just the display. >> Broadway, >> guys. Blop the blop it. Blop the like button. That's a That's a new one. >> Blop and blop. >> Blop. And that's >> You got to blop that like button. Just kidding. How about let's bop it. >> It's a combination of blop and like or blop bop and like. >> It is. Is that my word? Blop. It's our new one. Oh my goodness. Wow. >> Flop that like button, everybody. That sounded like Goofy. Oh my goodness. >> Welcome back. >> Well, thanks. Wait, what's here? I don't think I ever noticed. soft shell crab slider and an enchanted rose. Okay. >> All right. >> Or really crazy. >> Moose. >> Britney says she needs a blop the like on a shirt. >> All right. Tim's got you. >> Oh, that wind can just stop right now. You just flopped it. Thank you, Jennifer. Get this lady some Starbucks stat. You know what it is? I haven't talked this much in a while. >> And it's cold so it hurts the head. >> It does. And I'm still on cruise time. >> I'm on I'm on cruise time. >> She's still sway swinging. And >> I am. Dale and I last night was like, "Oh, the sink's moving. The kitchen's moving. Yeah, >> the sea light or whatever they call it when you're >> on. Especially like I feel like when you're in the bathroom, you know, like brushing your teeth or in the shower, those are the most >> the funniest time I've ever had. We were on Castaway and we were in one of the shops >> and a guy looks at me and he goes, >> "Is this thing moving?" >> Yep. >> And I'm like, "No, land." He's like, "Are you sure?" Like I was like, "No, I think you just got your sea legs." >> Uhhuh. >> It's exactly what happened. >> Here we go, guys. Um, it does lag a little. Let me turn on the Wi-Fi and we'll make sure. Hopefully, we don't get much lag or the copyrighted area. We are lagging a little bit. >> Be our guest. Be our guest. This is backstage. >> I love that they have a stitch up here. >> Caught the stitchy. >> Hello. I lost you. >> I'm like I don't know where anybody is right now. >> We saw Susan on Friday night. >> Oh, how was it? Broadway series and James. I can't remember his last name. Oh, they were so good. >> Were they good? That's cool. >> Of course, you know, you know, and the guy James was the original genie on Broadway. >> Oh, how fun. Oh, that's amazing. They were both so good. >> Jesse said last night they had four people. >> Yes. Sort of their closing >> spectacular. Susan might be in that group. >> Oh, tonight. Oh, nice. >> Yeah, tonight they're doing it, too. >> Oh, look. I just noticed she is she's three birds. She has three birds. So, that's really fun. >> I did a three-day cruise to Key West in the Bahamas back in December with my wife and youngest on Celebrity. It was very memorable. Key West is my new favorite place. You know, we've heard good things about Celebrity. We haven't been on it yet, but it's on our list. >> And Key West. That sounds great. >> Yeah, we went to Key West on one of our cruises. It was fun. And you know, it's US, so you just get >> Yeah. You don't have to worry about >> You don't have to worry about your passport. Yeah, exactly. Very fun. >> Be our guest. Be our guest. This music sounds like something's coming. Are you ready? All right, guys. I'm going to mute you for a second. I I did for a little bit. >> Sorry. >> What's that? >> Exactly. It did. It did. >> Sorry guys. Open the curtain door and I can't see. >> They crawl inside these things and like >> they are beautiful, aren't they? >> I need to watch that stuff. >> Incontto over here. >> What's amazing though is they go through the time frame. >> Um I might use a little restroom break. >> Restroom break. >> Yeah. Who wants to chat with the people? Tim does. >> Tim does. >> What are we doing? >> Um I'm going to have you stand by the water and and chat with the people. or wherever you want to go, Tim. I guess >> just stay away from the Encanto show. >> Oh, yeah. >> There's topiaries to topiaries to be had. >> All right. >> Okay. I got them. >> Hi, everybody. >> Sharon and Jen are going to take a little restroom break. We're going to go look at topiary. >> That's right, Leslie. It's a real time Tim check. This one was out front last last year. >> I like it. >> That's right. It's the timbo cam. >> Haven't done it much lately. >> Hello, Lisa. Hello, Jennifer. What else? We got a fountain. I think we might have at least that's what it look like. Tell you what, it's a beautiful day out despite the cold. >> If it wasn't so windy. flipping back. I like it. >> I lost chat for a second, too. >> I'm back. >> Waiting for a good Montreal. This is always a good Montreal shot. >> You can kind of see the ripples in the water. >> How breezy it actually is. >> And the trees. A Scott, you know, I'm not really sure on that. >> I know Easter is coming up. >> How long am I in town? I am in town until tomorrow morning. Then I'm off. I can't I can handle the cold. I'm actually acclimating cuz when I go home tomorrow, it's going to be like 20°, which I'm not looking forward to. But it is getting warmer in Michigan slowly but surely. Oh, there we go. There's the Montreal. can't beat a good Montreal shot. >> Agreed. Amy, >> I don't want to walk too far. I see them coming too. >> Mhm. >> Really, John? That's crazy. I can't wait to get out there in May. In Disneyland territory. That's actually my technically it's not my next trip. Next trip is going to be Dollywood, I think, actually on Easter weekend. Then I'm going to Disneyland in May. And then I won't be back here till July. >> Good job, Tim. >> Hi. >> Thank you. >> Were you chatting with the people? >> We blipped for a second. >> Oh, for a second. Okay. >> Yeah. I don't know why I lost chat for a second. >> Oh, really? >> Yeah. I had to refresh it. >> Good job, Tim. >> He's a pro. >> I think we're tilted, too. It look like we're tilted. >> #tilt. >> Wait, do we look tilted? >> Is this thing tilted? >> Do I need a >> Hello, Nebraska. Mom, let's go get some food. Maybe that'll help the tilt. I would really go to any booth. Anything's going to >> Yeah. Let's just go see what we find. >> Go see what we find with all the people. >> Let's go see what the Go see. >> And tweet tweet. >> Is that what the people say? Wow, >> that's funny. >> I have a book. >> So, we need a look. >> Britney says pro timber. >> Temple. >> He's a temple. >> They bloom. I bet when they did that, the whole crew was like, "Are you kidding me?" Florida. >> I quit. I give up. >> Planted these. >> I give up. >> Oh my goodness. >> Poker players are usually tilted. Wait, what are they? I don't know. I'm not a poker player. >> Me neither. >> That's Oh, wait. Why is this closed? >> Oh, wait. The booths don't open till 11. Sad. Okay. >> Sad. >> We can still look at >> Yeah, Tim might want to buy more. We've got Okay, we've got the beef Wellington. >> It was amazing. >> The coffee oldfashioned cocktail. >> Sounds interesting. >> Jim Beam Kentucky straight bourbon whiskey. >> I kind of want that. >> Yeah, I think >> I kind of was good. >> Might come back. Okay. >> It's like dessert. >> Dessert. Exactly. >> With Jim Beam. >> Oh, I didn't. >> Thanks, Tim. >> That's one thing I didn't >> I'm new here. Oh, we could look at the chalk art. >> We could look at the chalk art. Oh, sad. Well, we can go back up. >> A week of not having to worry about, you know, all these tech things. >> Yeah, I know. I got to get back into this >> just now. Turn that off. >> I know. I forgot that we had it on. I don't even remember what I turned it on for. Nemo. No. Was it still on from the land? No. Figment. It was still on from Figment. >> Been working pretty good. >> That's good. But I'm glad. What do they have? Oh, that's the paint distribution. Just kidding. >> It's not recommend eating that. >> No, I wouldn't recommend it. No. But they do have some yummies here. Grilled cheese. >> Grilled cheese and tomato soup, >> which is delish. >> Very delish. >> Uh Chicken Dog says, "Uh, was at Epcot this past weekend. Really enjoyed Festival the Arts." Awesome. And your dad says, "Hello." >> Hello. Good morning. >> Hey, Rich. Rich. Hello. Sad that this festival doesn't run slightly longer. I only got to go once, but very excited for Flower and Garden. I am too. And now they need a summer festival. I know. I'm It is kind of weird. I mean, I get why they don't, but also at the same time, I feel like it would help with people need, you know, finding places to eat, >> getting some food. >> There'll be a there'll be a festival the week of July 4th. >> That's a good point. Celebration. Yeah, a celebration, >> a festival. The festivals. >> Let's go left. >> All right. >> I know. It is weird seeing everybody in coats and hats and things in Florida. >> Went on Saturday. We were in shorts and t-shirts and getting >> seriously though. >> You know where the >> So weird. >> Saturday was a record high. I believe >> it looked like it was. I think it was almost 90. >> I believe they said it was a record high. >> What is this? I kind of wanted to get it. Deco Delights. Vanilla bean mousse with a golden caramel center and apricot jam with a hazelnut cookie. Yummy. >> Don't know about the mousse, but I will be willing to try it. That sounds delicious. All right. Well, we might have to come back for some desserts. >> They don't have those flowers covered yet. The booth. The I was going to call them the flower booths. The art booths are all so close. >> Sure are. >> Oh, we might as well go in this shop while we wait. Huh? Good idea. >> This one? >> Yeah, this one. >> Yeah. >> I don't know. This is pretty. >> That is really cute. How cute is that? >> It's like Marty girl. >> $44.99. >> Okay. It's got >> Yeah. And it's got the detail there at the bottom. >> That's really cute, >> Robert. That's funny. Oh, there's a tank top version. Oops. Thanks. This is fun. Here's the tank top version. >> Earrings or pens? >> Pens. >> Those are pretty. >> Like these kind of pens. Oh, like you put on your shirt >> like lapel pin or whatever they call. >> Oh, interesting. >> I haven't looked at a single. >> This is pretty. >> I haven't looked at a single pen here. >> What? Are you okay, Tim? Tim. Tim, are you okay? >> I'm scared. >> You scared? >> Oh, these are pretty. >> Oh, it's her universe. That is pretty. >> Um, adorable. >> $79.99. It is very cute. A little pricey. Really cute. You know the other Oh, that's cute. >> Lot of pink things. Are those new? I don't remember seeing these. >> That's pretty though. No. >> Yes. Yep. I've seen those and they're cute. Then the ones I want are the balloons. >> I also really want the jersey. the um the jersey. >> I wish I would have got the aerial one a long time ago. >> Yeah. Wait, did I see that? >> Is it back? The Ariel one. >> Yep. >> They have the I were talking about these yesterday and they have Jasmine. She does need that one. >> I think Tiana is probably my favorite out of the ones they have right now. >> I would wear any of these. They're also cute. >> They are cute. >> Yeah, that is cute. Wait, what's over here? I got to see what this is. They have some new Oh, these are from like Italy. So, they've got some of the food from different places. Oh, fun. So, they've got some Italy food in here. Oh, >> so that's kind of fun. Where they've, you know, >> maybe they'll switch it up from country to country. >> Mhm. Are these like >> roast? Okay. Oven baked rustic Italian crackers. They look like those torillino or whatever those round. Yeah, tortillini >> or really big Cheerios. Or or that. Maybe we just shrunk. >> The shortbread look delicious. >> They do with sugar crystals. Honey, I shrunk the kids. >> All right, let's go see the chalkart. Crackers in Italy are amazing. Definitely missing Italy. That's such a great country to visit. Yeah, it is. It is. I've never been to the real one, but I want to someday. And hello, Kelsey. Almost got 600 likes,00 people. There's a lot of birds. I know. So many birds today. >> All right, let's go look at the truck art. >> You know, if we were at Magic or like Hollywood, it wouldn't be this chilly cuz it wouldn't be as it wouldn't be as windy. Yeah. >> They got a giant lake. >> Uh-huh. But we got to come here. It's last day of the festival. Where? Where? Oh, I see it. >> Let's go see. Lava opens in seven minutes. That's funny. >> It's okay. >> Come on. >> No, you're okay. >> Exactly. >> All right. So, you >> what you're supposed to do? >> All right. Use here. Here. Does somebody want to hold the gimbal? >> Here, we'll hold the >> right there. And then I'll sit. >> Jenna can go sit on the cliff of levitation. >> To float out of the portal. >> Um, are you supposed to lay down? Maybe. >> Down. >> It's so bright out. I can't even I can't even see. >> Looks good to me. Okay. >> But I wonder if you're supposed to like >> Now I can't get up. >> I wonder if you're supposed to like lay down. Does it make it look like you're in the >> make it look like your head is up there? I don't know. >> Sit or stand on the >> Here, Tim. Go do it. >> That is really cool. >> I know. Isn't that cool? >> Yeah. I think sitting's better. >> Yep. There you go. >> I like it. I like it. >> There you go. Nice. Good job. >> Awesome. >> Yeah. I think if you sit down further it might be better next time. >> Closer to farther back. >> Um closer to me. >> Okay. Yeah. >> All right. >> Dr. Jenna. That's right. >> Very cool. All right. Let's see what's over here. some of the Zootopia gang. >> That's how I know Doctor Strange put the new Wanda >> movie. >> That's so funny. >> I know. That is funny. >> It opens in four minutes. >> Four minutes. Oh, it's the Liberty Bell. >> Oh, I missed that. >> Sad. >> Yeah. So sad, >> but it's pretty. I'm glad they did it. >> Falcon. A lot of these didn't make it. I wonder if they covered that one. >> I'm glad that they they must have covered some of them or >> some of them were sprayed better. Maybe. >> Yeah, that rain. That's cute that they put hats on this little Disney hats. >> A talented people here. Adorable. I know, Kelsey. It is weird being in the Magic Kingdom with no Liberty Bell horn. >> I know. I I don't know how they do this in chalk. It is just amazing. >> They got the big the big chalk like kids. >> Okay. And it's exactly what you do. >> It comes out like that. >> Okay, I'm going to try it. >> That's really cute. >> Oh, I love that. >> Your driveway. That is adorable. >> Hard to see. >> See, that one's too cute. I can't wait for the new movie. >> Me, too. >> Yep. >> That's from the new movie. >> Yeah, cuz of the iPad is there. >> Oh, that's right. That's right. >> Oh, this one's pretty. >> Yeah. My favorite >> advertisement for the new movie was when is when that pad says to the other toys, "I can always hear you." It was just like a funny joke. >> Oh, should we get some phone always listening? >> Yes, cuz I haven't got it. >> Oh, let's do it. >> That's true. Your phone is It's true. >> Everybody's trading their Laorana cards here. Baby Groot was sweet, wasn't he? >> So fun. All right, let's go get some Lana cards and then we're going to go try some food. You know what I want? I think I want the chicken the popcorn chicken waffle thingy. >> Yeah. >> Oh, we got to go that way. Sorry, I went the wrong way. >> You know what I really want to try is the popcorn waffle chicken thing. >> I have I've heard good things about it. >> It's right. And it's in a And it's in a warm spot. It didn't look that appealing to me, but every person just had it and told me they really liked it. >> All right, then. Let's try it. Love this plan. Hi. Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Our kind of cards. >> We just completed two sets. Two sets done. >> All right. Well, >> let's head to here and get chicken. >> It explains it a little bit in the in here. A >> cuz I want to get more trade. And >> Emara says, "Warning, this stream will make you hungry." >> Yeah, we're going to go get the waffle thingy. Hi, Darl. >> The waffle thingy. >> We have something to show when we walk. We sure do. We go around just past the little Africa corner. >> Yeah, there's something just for Amar. So, keep watching, Amaro. >> All right. I can't wait. >> Popcorn waffle chicken sounds interesting. Yeah, it looks sharable, too. Not sure I could eat it all. >> That's me. That's Norway. >> But for science, >> you could. >> I will get it. Hi, Tammy. >> Just kidding. She has to finish her race first. Wait, what? Who has to finish her race? So, and then we'll open these cards while we have our chicken waffle thingy. >> Trade with each other. >> Yeah, you can. >> But this is the last day they're going to give these out, I'm assuming. I'm wondering if um it'll become a thing. >> More of a thing >> because it's very popular. >> More of a thing. >> Yeah. >> This was very smart of them to give these out because it wasn't really >> taking off >> like they maybe thought it would. So, it was very smart to do this. Then you get people >> like into it and then they want to buy more. >> But I imagine >> like me. >> It could be very costly for Disney too. >> True. True. They should get >> that. >> What' you say? >> Oh, it's open. >> Sweet. >> Mine's not too long >> at all. >> Popcorn. Popcorn, chicken, and waffle. That's what I'm getting. >> Do you want to share? Uh, yeah. Cuz I don't think I can get it. Are you sure? >> I'll get it. >> I'll get the next one >> and then >> Yeah, I'll go find. Okay. >> Do you want anything else? >> Nope. I'm good. I and I have water, so I'm set. Thanks. All right, let's go find a table. The popcorn buckets are gone. Love this music. I'm going to make a memor. I'm going to try to go in this. Oh, no. Just kidding. Man, there's like Oh, here we go. If they're leaving, we'll go over here. Awesome. This is perfect. And you guys have more of a view of outside. >> Oops. There goes my bag. >> All right, guys. So, we're going to try some food. Don't go anywhere. You get to listen to some old school Epcot music that is not copyrighted. Hang on. Hang on. Oh, look. You can see Tower of Terror from here. Hang on. Zoom in right there. You guys see it? Power of Terror. >> It's popcorn and popcorn chicken. Popcorn flavored chicken waffle. No, that sounds disgusting. Battery check. And there is a gift in your messages for you. A gift in my messages. Like in my Instagram messages. This is the Odyssey building battery. We're at 40. So, actually, we'll go ahead and come in and see. >> Okay. So, don't go anywhere, everybody. We're going to do a little treaty. Chat and chat and sit. Snack and tap. There we go. All right. So, can you please recommend to Tim when he comes out to Disneyland to make sure he does the canoes? Oh, for sure. So, wait, where is this? Oh, that is great, Emma. I love it. Hi, Tim. >> Oh, Emo. >> Yep. >> I was going to show you that. That is amazing. Blop it. Good job. I love it. >> Yeah, we don't have to trade, but you can borrow your turn. >> Did you get chicken, too, or we all shared one? >> Open up your little comment card. >> I had both cakes. >> Good. >> Sh. I don't think Sharon needs help. She's getting a bunch of things. >> Sharon, what? >> I don't know if she needs help with anything. >> Oh, I think she was just getting the popcorn chicken. See what? >> Oh, there she is. Sprinkle. surprise. >> Whoa, you got that is the best cake. >> If we all share everything, >> I love this plan. Let's see. Um, if you want to see here and then just Yeah. Show what you got. Hang on. I got to unzoom. >> Show the show. >> All right. We got This is the popcorn chicken and it has popcorn and chicken. >> Yes. It's called popcorn. Popcorn chicken. >> I love that. >> And waffles. >> And the figment cake, which is delicious. If you haven't had this, >> it's really good. >> Today's the last day. >> Uhhuh. >> All right. >> Thank you, Sharon. I will get I will get >> We'll just pass this around with and with >> I love this plan. And I have san like Sharon. >> Sharon. >> Sharon is Karen >> in a good way. like not not the backing. >> All all the Karens are good though. Just saying. >> Of course they are. >> Okay. So, I did sanitize. >> And there's some here if anybody wants it. >> Oh, thank you. Yes, I do. Actually trying to decide how to do this. >> Oh my goodness. This is good. >> Hey Darl and Victoria, my trading cards. They are trading cards. >> Wait, wait. What's this? >> Cheese. >> Cheese. >> Oh. Oh, I thought it was candy. That was weird. >> I think it's mozzarella. >> Like a >> Oh, okay. That's not So that's >> I mean, it's not bad. It's just weird. >> I'm not really a huge fan. >> You think it's supposed to be weird? >> It's artsy. It's supposed to be like um >> like curds kind of. >> Yeah, it is cheese. >> Oh, okay. Okay. >> Cheese curd. >> Is there something on the chicken? >> Like a little >> batter and maybe a little like honey or something. It looks like it has something sweet on it. I guess >> really good heard. >> It's a little I'm going to grab it. >> One of those things. Yeah. >> It is really good. Chicken good. Popcorn. Good. Cheese. >> I'm taking this big piece of chicken. >> Take it. >> Tim. >> Mhm. >> Pass the cone. >> Yes. Space Mountain. I love the music in here. >> M. >> Right. That is really good. >> Oh my goodness. >> Okay. I'm glad I listened to people >> cuz the dish did not appeal to me. Just >> Is it in a waffle? >> I thought it was in a waffle. It was just in a cone, I guess. Well, >> I thought they called it chicken and or popcorn chicken. Chicken and waffles. So, >> right. >> So, maybe there's a waffle. >> Maybe there's some waffle >> or they ran out. >> This chicken is delicious. >> It is so good. >> I could eat just a plate of these chicken popcorn's classic. >> We might have to come back and get more. >> Can we just have the chicken? Can you just pull like up with chicken? >> Mhm. Oh, good. >> Hi, Donnie. >> Plus, I'm really hungry, so >> yummy. >> I wish it was in a different container so you could set it down, >> which we could just put some on a >> Mhm. >> Mhm. >> How about that? >> Sounds good. >> I did sanitize. I promise. >> Yeah, me too. There's a lot of people >> trading cards, I think. >> Oh, I found the waffle. >> Wait, >> is that the bottom? >> Oh, you get something if you have like a full >> a full set. Okay, >> you get another card. >> Look, I found the bubble waffle. >> Oh, okay. >> Uhhuh. >> That's why everybody's waiting in line. I'm trying to figure out why is everybody waiting in line. >> I thought they were still getting the popcorn buckets, but I don't. Okay, I might have to get this again before we leave. >> This is amazing. >> I want >> maple syrup on the chicken. >> Okay, it's The chicken is so good. >> The waffle is amazing. >> Oh, so the waffle is the red stuff. >> Wow, you guys. >> The way I describe my food, the red stuff. >> I'm glad we got this. >> I did have the hot um chicken sandwich at >> Conctions. >> Oh, was it good? >> It's good. Not spicy at all. No, >> that was weird. >> Sorry, Craig. >> It was good. I don't know if I'd get it again. >> Sorry. You're getting Oh, no. >> Oh, yeah. >> says he would not get it again. >> I got the barbecue chicken spicy >> and it was good. >> Barbecue. >> I mean, it was good. Like, it was good, but it wasn't like >> overwhelmingly like, oh my god, I got to get this again. >> Okay, >> this I would get again. Me, too. A million%. too. >> Wow. The waffle. The waffle is good. >> Mhm. >> Okay. This dish is surprising me. >> Same. >> Waffles like cake. >> It is like cake. >> Mhm. Waffling cake. >> So, I need >> Yeah. >> Chicken and waffles. >> Uh-huh. And a curd. It's >> very good. >> I love the curd. I think they should leave the curd out next time. >> Yeah. I'm usually not a cheese curd person, so >> it's just weird. Sweet. >> Mhm. >> I don't know. >> I was also expecting a candied popcorn. Maybe that's why it was weird. >> M >> like a white chocolate popcorn. >> Mhm. It's just regular popcorn. I haven't tried it yet. >> It was like um >> It does have a flavor. >> Okay. >> Yeah. I just want the chicken and the waffle. >> Mhm. >> Yeah. There's a little bit too much curd. Yeah. The cheese weird. >> It's okay. But I It doesn't It doesn't enhance the dish. There's not really a need for it. >> Yeah. It's mini mozzarella. >> Yeah, it really is. >> Oh, maple syrup. >> With maple syrup. >> That's what's on it. >> Yeah, that's what Amara said. >> On the chicken. Yeah, it's The chicken is so good. So good. >> We wish you all could taste this. We really do. I need more waffles. Mix that. >> I need more waffle and more chicken. >> Absolutely amazing. >> That's the water bottle I lost yesterday. >> Oh, the popcorn's good, too. Popcorn is >> Mhm. >> So, we just >> Mhm. >> Do you want that? >> Okay, I'll just put it here. >> Yeah. >> To get it out of the way. >> It's a lot of cheese. Yeah, it really is. >> It's just >> just like odd the cheese. >> Very weird. >> They should do more popcorn and less cheese. >> More popcorn, more chicken, >> more waffle. Taste division. >> More cowbell. >> Mhm. Always more cowbell. >> Yeah. >> I want to go to China. >> What do they have in China? >> General House's chicken. Yeah, that's why I want to I want to go try other things. Get this again, even though this was delicious. >> Dumplings filled with chicken, asparagus, onions, and water chestnuts >> topped with general sauce, which is usually typically spicy. >> Yeah, >> they got the barbecue uh pork steamed bun, too. >> Ooh, that sounds good. Yeah, both of them. >> Oh, I would try that. >> I never go wrong with China or Japan. >> Yeah, >> they usually have pretty spot on. >> I usually really like China. >> I didn't like it as much during last food and wine festival. >> Oh. Oh. Um, which normally I love everything at at that foods, but it was just >> Okay. >> I forgot about the jumbo chocolate chip cookie that you paint. >> Oh, that does sound good. >> Also sharable. >> There's your thingy. >> There's the thingy. >> Oh, no. That's a black cake. >> Oh, and also the um the beef Wellington was good. It was very good. >> What else we got? >> What's that? That is peppercorn crusted strip wine. >> Is that in America? >> That is in America. Yeah. >> Andy loved that. >> Really? >> I I kind of want that. >> And it's peppercorn, which usually means spicy, but Andy doesn't like spice. >> No. No. Sometimes a lot of pepper bothers me though. >> They also got the dark chocolate. >> He said he thought I would do okay with it. Like black pepper bothers me sometimes. >> And it's black. It's >> pepper corn, which when you crunch it makes it even more >> Mhm. Oh yeah. Let us know what is your favorite festival at Epcot. >> That all very fun. >> Mine is flower and garden. >> This is always been It's hard now because I've kind of grown to love >> aspects of each one. So >> me too. >> I think aesthetically like the way think flower and garden with all the flowers and topiaries >> and the food's usually good too. And then festival over the arts with the decorations >> and the different >> storytellers >> and car like >> it's a that's a feeling >> but I love food and wine for what it's for. >> Yeah. >> Good point. >> Some reason I've always thought it would have had the best food. >> Well, they should because it is just a festival. More food and wine. >> I've eaten more. rather than >> But sometimes I think this festival sometimes is the hit with food. >> Yeah. >> I don't know. >> I like how pretty that they make the food >> and they make the food like art. >> Yeah. >> Which I love. >> I agree with you about um Flower and Garden. That has always been my favorite except >> since this last year we were living here for part of the year. I'm gonna put the Festival of the Holidays up there as a really like very close second. It is a fun. >> It was really fun to be here for the whole Festival of the Holidays. >> Oh, look at Tim being fancy there. >> What? It's for >> Oh, look at you. >> I shrunk the cone, >> honey. I shrunk the cone. >> I think after art is food and wine, I've only done one flower garden and I was like eight. Oh, >> flower garden. Maybe not as interesting to an 8-year-old. >> No, not flower garden. It's the time of year, too. >> Spring it's it's warm. It's like it's not humid. >> It's not too hot yet. Towards the end of it, it's hot, but at the beginning, it's really nice. >> No, you're right. Yeah. >> Okay. >> Want your washes? >> I think I'm okay. Me too. More. >> All you. We're going to dig in. >> All there is is cheese and Yeah. I don't want it. >> You don't want it? >> Should we have some cake? >> I think we should. That was really good. >> And toast. >> And toast. >> Oh, do you guys want the chocolate wings? You want white? I think it's white chocolate. >> I'm okay. >> Okay. >> Do you want a white chocolate wing? >> I'll have a wing. >> I'll have a wing. >> I think it's a remember it was chocolate. The cake though, I remember was Mhm. >> so good. >> Yeah, we're going to be eating some more things. So, stay tuned, guys. I usually do this at the beginning of the festival. I tried more food, but you know what? We did a little bit at the beginning and now we're trying some at the end. >> Oh, yeah. Japan got the sushi donut. >> Mhm. >> Should I just No. Yeah. Just >> I just took off. Oh yeah, they have the wagoo. >> We're all friends here. >> We are. >> Wait, who has wagoo? >> Japan has a wagoo bun. >> Oh yeah, I do love that. >> Um Jesse Mouse and Tim and I tried to get a and Andy tried to get an ice cream. Well, Jesse Mouse and I tried to get the ice cream sandwich in Japan. >> Are they gone? >> They were sold out. >> Sold out. >> It was later in the day. >> Get them. There's a place um in Winter Garden, a Japanese store. I or maybe it's I forget. >> It's either Orlando. It's Orlando or it's Winter Garden. >> But they have them there. >> Okay. And they're cheaper. >> Well, you think I think they sell out at a certain like >> I think if you go earlier in the day, those that store was so crowded. I think social media has made it very popular because you know the snacks, everybody was back there getting snacks and ice. Anybody watch Dale's >> In the Life of Dale? >> Wait, >> you would have you would have saw them in their freezer. >> Oh, yeah. I did see that. >> Mhm. >> When he did that, I was like, Dale, really? He showed our whole fridge. >> I was like, >> I'm like, I'm not the same way as you. Like, you really do you really need to show people my fridge? >> Uhhuh. He didn't even ask. He did it and just posted it. >> I was like, dude. >> Mhm. >> I know it was your fridge cuz I saw ranch. >> Mhm. I would have felt the same way. >> I know that was funny. >> Mhm. >> But the funniest thing was there was two things of ranch. >> Of course, >> but I mean like they both look like maybe they had been used. >> One was standing up and I think one was up. >> I had a theory. Yeah, >> Jenna had had taken like a new bottle maybe to to Thanksgiving dinner >> and you know with her parents like taken some food and taken and then brought the the leftovers home. So you had two bottles going out. That was just my theory. Okay, Jim, you want a bite? Um >> I think what happened was it was almost gone so I put the other one in to get cold. Mhm. And then Dale likes to use it until it's all gone. So then I let him do that because I can't get it out of the bottle and I use a new one. >> Not that it really matters, but it's just one of those funny things like why, you know, I have a story. Why are there two bottles of ranch dressing? >> That didn't shock me at all. >> Well, no. >> This is good, but I feel like it was better early in the >> I agree. The cake is a little hard. >> It's not as sweet either. I mean, not that I need it to be really sweet, but it's a little the cake. I think the cake has been as lacking. >> Well, that and they probably, you know, when you put cake in the fridge, >> the cake is the cake wasn't as Yeah, it's a harder cake. >> Yeah. Yeah, that's Yeah, >> it's not as good as after you put cake in the fridge, it it hardens up. >> And it loses its moisture, too, when you put it in the fridge. Yeah, I don't love this as much as it as I did early in the festival. >> Well, all right, guys. >> As I continue to eat it. >> Yeah, you might as well. >> That was fun. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> It was amazing. >> I'm going to get some uh water and then >> I guess let's cleanse our pallets and then go eat some more. Here, Tim. Finish this. >> All you. >> I know. The cake was so good. It is disappointing when you get something one time and it's amazing and then the next time it's not as good. >> Here, you want me to throw this away? >> Oh, thank you. All the cheese. >> All right. Should we open? >> Sure. Why not? or do we save them for later? >> We can open them. >> Did you open your cards? >> No, let's open them. >> So, there's just random cards inside. I take >> random cards. >> So, like, see my front is different. You guys have >> Yeah, I have Marvel. Is that her name? >> Marbel. You have both. >> And I have the M. Um, this is a mad mad hatter. >> That guy mad >> and boats. A I love it. >> He's so cute. >> All right. How do we open these guys? I think I think last time if you open them like a bag of chips. >> All that and a bag of chips. >> Uh-huh. The problem is is that you can get it to open. >> You almost need scissors. >> Wow. Sure do. >> That is not as easy as I thought it was going to be. >> Hello from the Finleys in Southwest Louisiana. Hello. Greetings to sunny Florida and the resort view team and followers from rainy England. >> Hello. >> Okay. I hope it's at least warming up. >> Sharon, we might need you to help. >> So, these are called Lorana cards. >> Will you please? Yes. >> Yes, that's what it is. >> Some one of these seams. I >> You got it. >> Probably like a chair here or something. >> You would think, right? I guess they really don't want you to try to like take a sneak peek. >> I guess, you know, >> also I would love them to sell that chicken at the connection. I would get a whole plate of the chicken. >> Mhm. >> I mean, if you want to add a waffle on the side, fine. >> You know, a long time ago, >> like when I think it was before Dale and I moved here, they had a chicken and waffles that you could get at the back lot. It was my favorite thing to get that. >> Got it. >> There you go. >> All righty. >> All right. >> Oh, and there's a guide in here to tell you if you got like a >> rare one. >> Rare or >> So, >> where is it? Where is this guy? >> Where is this guy? >> Oh, here. Here. It's on the back page. So, it tells you these little symbols. common, uncommon, rare, super rare, legendary, epic, enchanted, and iconic. >> Meaning like these symbols you get a you get a symbol and then you get or just these >> this >> Oh, and each card has a different one. >> Wow. >> You have to have really good eyesight to read little tiny things on these. >> Common. >> Oh, I got to turn them on. Common. Churnabog. Common. Common. >> Almond. Oh, I got Heihei. He's common, but he's cute. >> Focus. >> I see. >> I got a rare. >> I got a super rare. >> I got uncommon. Oh, I got Pascal. Pascal. A. He's so cute. >> He's uncommon. >> He is uncommon. >> I got a rare. Oo, Thunderbolt. >> Wait, did you say Thunderbolt, Tim? >> Did you have Thunderbolt? >> Do I have >> Did you say that you got Thunderbolt? >> No. >> For some reason, I thought I heard you say that. Who is Un >> my package? >> And Duchess, who is unable? >> Wait, what is this one? >> Deani. >> This doesn't look like any of the things. >> Beast. Beast is rare. >> Beast is rare. What is this one? >> I got a rare and a super rare. So that's it's got the gold. So >> Wendy darling >> made Marion. But it looks like a It looks like a >> Yeah. What is that? >> Is it Oops. Sorry. Is it >> this? Is it that thing? >> Legendary. >> I can't really tell from it. It doesn't look like any of them. What is this, guys? >> Sharon needs your readers. >> Oh, it was so fun. Jacob, stay tuned for um all the vlogs coming soon. >> So, Beast has this rare symbol, but it really looks like >> it looks like um the >> emoji. I mean, it kind of I'm not going to lie. >> Look at this one's all like shiny. >> I I got a couple of those, too. Yeah, they're almost like foiled. >> Yeah. Mhm. This one's common, though. >> Oh, really? >> All right. Well, we have no idea what Lady Tmaine is. >> I got Hei. >> I did, too. >> I got I got a couple Got a rare and a couple super rares. >> We don't know what to do with them. >> Guys, what is this? Help me. >> Is it the super rare? But it's gold. >> Wait, >> I got a super rare. >> It doesn't look like >> So, it's not the legendary. >> No. >> Oh, see. Weird. >> What is this? >> I think it's a legendary. >> Oh, wait. Mickey has it on his. What does that mean? >> Or is it one of these down here? >> Wait, what does five mean? Oh, rarity is five. >> Oh, look. Mickey's got it. >> Yes, he does. >> And you're right. It doesn't exactly >> Maybe those pictures are like generic. >> Yeah, I agree with you. It does not exactly look like that. >> Uhuh. It doesn't look like any of these. >> I should ask somebody who really plays. >> Somebody over there at that table sounds like they would know. >> See, this one's a common one, but it's got a it's a foil. >> Same. I have one, too. >> Can I have that, too? >> I don't know what that >> I don't either. >> All I know is I got to explain. So it tells Okay, so it says character name and version, ink color right here is ink color. >> Three is the collector number. Four is artist credit and four is down here. Five is rarity, which is the middle symbol. >> The remaining numbers, symbols, and words on the card are for actual gameplay, which is just as magical. Okay, I just looked it up on the card trading app. It's only worth about 50 cents. Okay. >> Good to know. >> Okay. That's weird because I also got one that doesn't look like other >> pizza is super rare. >> Pete. Oh, cool. >> Wait, what do you have? >> Like like you know how like that one. It doesn't exactly look like the common, but it doesn't look like anything else down. So mine kind of like yours how I'm not finding anything. >> Yeah, it looks like a shell. >> Oh, so maybe they're one of the ones from >> down here. >> I don't know. It says those are spot found on specific. >> They're so good at this game. >> The cards without the borders are the ones that are most rare. >> Wait, you mean like >> without the borders? >> And what are these? The ones. Did you guys get one of these that is like >> just a >> It's just like a decoration. >> Yeah, >> mine is just a cup. It's like >> mine looks like the top of Rapunzel's tower kind of. Yes. I have no idea what mine looks like. I found a legendary once that was worth like $12. That's cool. Oh well. Well, there you go, guys. I'm going to put them back in here. >> There's our expertise. >> Yeah, it's not very good. >> All right. Well, >> let's go get more. >> Let's go get more and go get more food. You know, last time I was here in the Morocco pavilion, they were selling these packs for like five bucks. So, you get another pack. >> Yeah. >> Which isn't bad because the big box is like $50. >> It is. Okay. But still, >> I mean, I guess if you're really into it, >> that's fine. >> I mean, five bucks is better than >> 50. Yeah. Hey. Hey. You like my He >> I know. Me, too. >> And I like my turn. >> And I got pastel, too. >> Turn's a rare one. >> Turn. >> All right. Let's go. Let's go get that. >> Turn. >> Let's go get that food in the air. Put my coat back on. I guess cold out there. >> Hey, Noel. >> And I can do the scavenger hunt on the way. Oh, there you go. >> Um, yes, you can trade cards in Morocco. >> Did you get the scavenger hunt? >> Oh, that. Yeah. >> Imagination. >> Okay. The um pigment or whatever it is. >> Oh, yeah. I did that one. >> Imagine. Imagine. Imagination. >> Imagine. >> I can't stop hearing that. >> I know. Don't you hear it? >> Got to get up. >> Thank you. >> Got to get up to get out. >> Yeah, you do. >> Don't pull the stream off. >> That's a thing. >> Imagine the match. >> Um, I don't know if we'll trade today or not, but we are going to go get some more food. >> It is the last day. Yeah. trade money for food. >> Yeah. Yeah, we're going to trade money for food. Yeah. >> I'm guessing that the uh popcorn bucket is all sold out >> for a margarita. There you go. >> And watch the cards worth like $50 or something. And they're like, "Sure." She'll be like, "Well, okay. That's funny. >> Hi, Mary. All right, guys. Let's go back out to the sun. Hopefully, it's warm. It's a little deceiving. Eyes big and yellow. >> Okay. >> Is so pretty. It's not bad yet >> cuz we're not in the We're not in the uh wind. Mhm. It is a bit tricky. Um, the weather is well, it looks nice. >> It was 40 something this morning. Felt like 37. >> The high is supposed to be like 58. >> Yeah. So, it is going to get nicer. But it was like 90 the other day. And also, I was in the Bahamas, so it was very nice. >> And honestly, it's not even the temperature, it's the wind. >> It's the wind. Yeah. >> When the wind when the wind isn't >> But I will take this over snow. So >> yeah, >> no complaints. >> Really nice. No complaints. >> Just chillier than we were used to. >> It's warmer than New Year's. >> That is true. New Year's was really cold. Oh, look. There's Coco and Dante. >> I got one of the things from the booth the other day. It was pretty good. >> I haven't gotten anything from here. Oh, this is where Tim got his margarita right over there. >> Oh, okay. Just kidding. >> Your food and wine. We shared that tostada. Yes, that was delicious. >> Um I got >> This is where >> this one. >> This one. >> Um it was really good. No, I did get No, I got that one cuz it has avocado on it, but >> they both looked really good. This was a lot smaller than I thought it was going to be. >> Hot sauce. Was that spicy? >> I didn't think it was that spicy. Good to know. >> Um but it was it was small. >> Oh, >> it was much smaller than serving than >> I don't like smalls. >> Mhm. >> You I mean it is They are samples. I guess >> they are. Some of the portions are pretty good, though. That was >> That was a smaller one. >> This one's not sharable. >> I got you. >> That makes sense. That was a That's mine. Nobody else serving. >> Uhhuh. >> Um, let me see, guys. I'll just tell you what the weather, what the temp is right now. 51 feels like 45. >> I know. We need to get the churro ice cream sundae from over here. Look at that sad tree. >> So good. >> The sad tree. >> All the trees. Oh, that one. Oh. >> Hopefully it comes back. >> Oh, yeah. >> There's where I got the margarita with the popsicle. >> Oh, I didn't know they had those there. >> Was it like a special? >> Yeah, that's the special. >> Oh, nice. >> I was like margarita and a popsicle. >> Yes, please. >> Come on. >> There's not even much of a line right now. >> No, not at all. Imagine, imagination. >> Oh, I heard a new booth open in Norway. >> Yes. Yes. >> Have we tried anything there? >> They have a frozen drink. >> Mhm. >> But it's not really frozen drink weather right now. >> Hi, man lover. >> How are you? 2 hours. You can >> get a school bread. >> Yeah. Okay. >> And creme that drink. >> Oh, yeah. They have it there, too. Okay. >> And then another drink. >> Yeah, there was a non-alcoholic one, too. >> Okay. >> There's no >> I guess you can get the creme either way. Either with alcohol or without alcohol. >> Got you. What's that? >> There's no locana thingies. >> Noana thingies. >> First ones in China. >> Okay. In Germany. >> So guys, if you've not already checked out resorttv1homes.com, go check them out. um our other sponsor. Go over there and uh if you're looking for your dream home here in Central Florida, go check out again resortv1homes.com brokered by expy. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Again, resorttv1homes.com. Go check us out. Here's the new booth that just opened. Let's go see what's on the menu. >> The booth is >> It is cute. Mickey premium ice cream. Okay, so they got ice cream bars. They've got the school bread. Um, they've got Okay. the frozen troll creme. And then they've got it again with the alcohol. Okay. Nice. >> And water. >> Yeah. And Cokes and things. >> School bread. >> It is nice that they have another place for school bread cuz it is a very popular treat, you know. Treat. Oh, sorry. There went my gimbal. >> I fixed it. >> Hey, Leaf. How are you? >> Oh, look. We have a troll. >> We did the new Frozen. It's It's The faces look really good. >> Oh, cool. I can't wait to try it. >> Is that Lumpy? >> That is um Dumpy. No, Dumpy's in there. That must be Lumpy. So, we're gonna go try some food in China. >> Sounds good. >> Um, I don't know if they're doing an updated version of the Behind the Ride by David Manower. That's a great question, Benjamin. We'll have to ask them. >> They should make school bread with no coconut on top. And they should also make school bread with vegan filling. Good idea. >> Love this. >> General >> barbecue pork. >> That sounds really good. >> That does sound good. >> Mhm. >> Well, I would get the pork bun. Me, too. >> Do you think it's sharable or you think it's one? >> Probably. >> Is it small? Let's go see if we can see it in the window. No pictures there. >> Cuz I can buy it if it's sharable. I'll get this one. >> I mean, anything sharable. >> It's true. >> Oh, probably should get our own. Okay. Um, you guys go first and then we'll flip-flop. Yeah. >> Okay. I'll see if I can find a seat. Make sure there's nothing in my pocket before I sit down on the bench. >> Yeah, it doesn't fall out. >> That would be no bueno. No bueno. >> I know it is a weather change for us. 100%. Here comes Tim. >> What you got, Tim? >> Oh my goodness. >> Thank you. All right, next one's on me. Whatever we get, I'll buy. >> Thank you. Tim got both. This is the what? The General S. Nice. Mhm. >> Is it good, Sharon? >> Mhm. >> She's already trying it. >> Cool beans. >> All right. >> Definitely not spicy. It's more like a >> I love that. Oh, thank you. >> So sweet. >> Okay. I like that. Mhm. >> I'm about to take like right here. The sunny. >> I like the sunny spot. >> My my uh >> How about we just go around? We stay here. We just all go around the room. >> Okay. And we bring it back here. >> And there's not like much wind back here either, which helps. >> Mhm. >> I want to try just the pork. >> I know. >> Yes. Really good. All right, guys. We'll do a selfie so you can see the corn back here. >> All right. So, sorry. The sun is really sunning right now. >> It's a lot of pork egg is kind of good, too. But it is nice and sweet. Mhm. Almost need like a >> It's a W. >> You need a knife. >> Maybe I can get one. >> Maybe a napkin. >> Thank you so much. >> Yeah. I didn't have any hands. >> Oh, it's so good. >> That's good. >> Those look good, too. But I bet they're spicy. >> I'll tell you now. Then you can try one. the new um experience starring Olaf as Magic of Disney animation at Hollywood opening this summer. We'll have guest drawing characters like Mickey, Donald, Genie, Stitch, and Moana. Thank you. >> Thank you so much. >> Mhm. >> Perfect. >> A fun day of food and festival fun. This piece is a little >> Monday food day. >> Mhm. Oh my word. I saw that out of the corner of my eye and I thought it was a little kid coming around. >> You know how you see something? You're like, >> "No, it's just a little backpack." >> A little backpack. >> Say hi. >> That's so funny. >> Oh, bye Amy. >> The egg tart looks good, but it's custard, so I don't. Yeah, I thought about that and I didn't really want a whole one. That would be something I would just share for a few bites. >> Yep. They do a lot of in their dessert. I noticed a lot of cream base. Yeah. Thanks. >> Hi, Fire Bro. How are you? >> Yum. I took out the rabbit food. >> Even though it's actually really generous amount of pork in >> mine. This guy is a big >> I like the bread or the >> Oh, okay. Good. >> Bow bun. But I get those. >> Can't wait for you to tell us how that is. >> I know. >> It looks like a good dumpling, but it looks really pretty. Spicy. >> Wait for it. >> No, it's not. Try it. >> Try a little half of that. >> Not spicy at all. >> All right. >> Not that I could tell. >> Thank you. >> I guess it >> want to try the little >> Oh, yeah. >> Thank you. >> If you like it, we can share the rest. >> Is it good? Mhm. I don't get in my others. >> Not spicy. >> No. >> That's good. >> There you go. >> Now you can have Now you can have more. >> There's a little kick at the end. Okay. Not bad, >> but just a little. >> It's not like those wings we had before. Go ahead. >> No. >> And you still like that? Mhm. I did. Mhm. >> It like gets you rightly in the back of the throat. >> Yeah. >> It's not. >> It's not It's getting It's like growing a little. >> Mhm. It's definitely spicier than the bow. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's got a kick. No, it's buffalo like everybody. >> No. Still don't. >> Yeah, it's definitely The gimbal is definitely tilted. >> Yeah. >> You're sensitive to pepper. It's got a little. Yes. It's got pepper. >> See, she's sensitive to pepper. >> Mhm. >> Cuz that's what I >> This is like the weird thing. Me and black pepper that has come on just in the last several years. Really gets me. >> Good job. Yeah. Pepper gets me. I mean, any spice gets me. >> I never had an issue with black pepper. >> As soon as you said there it is, I I thought of the pepper. >> There it is. Yesterday we were eating. >> Yesterday we had uh satuli. >> Mhm. >> Oh, yeah. And I think the beef had >> pepper on it. >> Oh no. >> It was It just >> It hit her out of nowhere. >> Do you feel like your coat is closing up? >> Mhm. That's what happens to me. >> Thank you, Jim. You, too. >> I used to work with a lady who immigrated from China. She made homemade pork dumplings. They were amazing. >> Oh, I bet those were good. There's no pork though. >> Me too. Homemade even better. >> Want another bite? >> No, I'm okay. Thank you. >> Yeah, same. Like one a half of a half was just enough cuz I was >> That's why I cut it in half for her. And >> Mhm. >> No, it's good. >> Cucumber helps. >> I bet like the meat is good, but like this one >> I couldn't chew. >> Really fatty. >> It's a fatty taste. Yeah, that's important. You like knives or is it just fat? >> It's pretty fatty, but the rest is good. >> Well, I was like when you dale cuz yesterday I ate around Universal again. >> You guys had the salmon. >> Mhm. >> And you know how you said it wasn't that great. It was good. But >> Yeah. >> And you thought you might have had like the tail end of it or >> I got it right off the smoker. >> Amazing. They pulled it off and cut it right there and I got the first piece off of it and it was amazing. >> Got to get it again from the party. Okay. >> Mhm. >> Did Kelly go I Kelly go to South America's birthday too. >> Oh, no. We went This was when we D and I went on the before we went on the >> Oh, before the >> when we did the video. >> Yeah. >> That video. >> Mhm. >> It was a little spicy though. The salmon had a hint of spice. I didn't notice. >> Didn't notice it. >> Thanks for being here, everybody. Hey, Olly Roger. >> Yep. That food and beverage card is >> Oh, you know, the food and beverage card at Universal >> has been holding its weight and worth >> it. Oh, yeah. I need to get >> You're a passholder. You get $30. >> You get $30 for free. >> You get $150 for 120. >> I need to get one of those. And it doesn't expire. >> If you're not a passholder, you get $10. It's still free money. >> You can buy a card and save it for HJ. >> Mhm. >> Where do you get them in the right? >> There's right up front. Like right as you walk in, >> after you um stand in, >> you can get them there. You can get them where you can buy. You can get them several places. Yeah. >> But right as you walk through the gates on the right hand side. >> Okay. >> Right next almost on the side where the cafe. Yep. Mhm. Like before you get to the cafe and use that little Yeah. >> Man, I could get sundan today. >> The sun feels so nice. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Now, especially right here cuz we're a little bit blocked by the >> by the wind. Mhm. >> Yeah. This was delicious. >> Very good, man. >> I knew China would be a hit. >> Mhm. >> Now I need a Wagu bun >> in Japan. >> Oh, that's >> And then do America. We're eating around the world. >> I kind of need a dessert. >> Trying to think where they have a good dessert. >> Do you guys know, have you eat if you've eaten at the boooos? Let us know in the chat what we need to try >> because it's our last day. >> You know what Dale does? He has him pick a page and then we find the page and then he'll say pick one through >> one through three >> and then he counts down >> and that's it. It's just like random put your finger down. >> But >> margarita. Okay. >> But I hope you know that there's a little bit of grace on that. Like what if it was something that you could eat? >> Well, luckily he does it. >> You can pretty much eat anything. >> Okay. I cannot. >> Oh, that's what he does. I thought you meant like when you were sharing stuff. He does it for the stream. >> That's a good way to do it if you're not a picky eater. >> Yeah. He tries stuff that he he tried one thing he never thought he would try and then he liked it. I can't remember what it was though. >> I've gotten stuff that I would normally. >> I like that idea. >> Mhm. >> I've done that um on Disney vacation while we live here. >> I would say to myself the next bus that comes like at the resort, that's where I'm going. Like like random, you know? I do like that. That's roulette. >> Mhm. >> American Pavilion has the best steak. That's what we've heard. >> That's what we think. Yep. That's kind of what I want. >> Mhm. >> I mean, it is America. >> America. >> America. >> What is the next food book? >> Germany, >> probably. >> Yeah. Or is there one? >> Is there an India one? >> I don't remember that there was a booth on the like like before the um >> before the bridge. >> Tim's got his handy dandy >> after the bridge. I don't remember being >> Hi, Rita. >> Are they in order? I don't even know. >> The book starts at Canada. They know they walk the other way. >> They go the other way. >> See, Disney walks the other way. >> Oh my god. >> That's the way we used to walk as a kid. >> Really? >> Yeah. >> We used to also. >> We always used to start in Canada. >> Controversial. >> We went this way cuz of the rides. >> Well, I think that's why we went that way first to kind of get it out of the way to make it to the rides. >> Okay. >> Cuz by the time you got over here to Norway, you were bored. You were bored. And so you got to Norway and it's like, "Yay! >> Back to ride." M. >> That's why we can't even go on a mastrom. >> Yep. >> Still should be. >> Oh, bad day. >> Bad day. >> The best part, too. >> Pork down. Pork down. >> It was really fatty. >> Oh, wow. All good. >> You had a good run, Pork. You had a good run. >> Mhm. >> Let's see. We're in China. >> Then there's the outpost that has the cookie. >> The outpost. Oh, yeah. >> Oh, >> then Germany. >> Oh, okay. Yeah. So, there >> Oh, Germany has that red wine uh raised beef. >> Oh, it's amazing. >> Mhm. >> I remember that. I got it. >> I remember that. They also have the black forest cake. >> I did not get that. I might need that. >> That might be our dessert. >> All right, guys. Here we go. >> Thanks, Tim. And thank you for sharing. >> Yes. >> Get the next one. Whatever we get. Thanks Tim for sharing. >> Thanks Tim for sharing. >> We're waiting for somebody. >> Yep. Cool weather helps. >> Yeah. >> Anybody need a napkin? >> I'm good. Thank you. >> Thank you. Just in case. >> Smartish. >> It was yummy for the tummies. That was deceiving. I think we could have shared that. >> We could have 100%. >> It looked small, but it was actually pretty substantial. >> It looked really small, but yes, it was not. >> Thanks for sticking around, everybody. Oh, there's trash right there, Tim. Behind you. >> There sure is. >> These are so cute. Really cute. This looks like a schnowzer. We had one growing up. >> His name was Reesei. >> Thank you. >> Reesei. >> Yep. Reesei. >> It's the puppet show. >> It's the puppet show. >> All right. On to the next spot. Thanks for sticking with us, everybody. >> Go for a hot cup of tea. >> Mhm. >> How pretty it is. >> I know. It's so pretty. Mhm. I feel like >> it is warming up. >> Yeah. I almost >> I know. I'm almost ready to take my >> I'm almost ready to take my coat off and my hat. Like I'm ready to and then the breeze comes and then I'm like, "Nope. >> Wait for the breeze and then you'll see." >> Mhm. Hi, Maria. >> Hello. There's two Maria. Maria Adventure and Maria Donovan. Hello. Maria Maras. >> Maria check. >> Yes, exactly. Oh, there's your card. >> There's my card. >> Mulan, >> how do you do it? >> Yeah. And then what? >> Okay. So, look at your stickers. >> Ivon and I did this. And you match your sticker with what's on the card. >> Like the the level. >> So, see here, your sticker. >> I think it's the six. You're looking for a sticker that looks like the six. And then you put it on that little >> or is it symbol. >> That one. Okay. >> Not that. Okay. It's that one. >> So, there's the symbol. See, here's your stickers. >> So, there's that one. >> And you put that one. >> You put it I see. >> Hey, Drew in the moment. Happy Monday. >> Drew buddy. What's up? >> Hi, Kathleen. >> Tada. >> You did it. >> I got one. >> All right, more to go. >> I'm not on a mission, but I'm on a mission. >> What do you I think you get a card when you complete it. >> Yeah, I think I get Rapunzi. Oh, fine. >> Which I want cuz she's my girl. >> Well, there you go. >> My princess. >> That's your princess? >> If anybody asks. >> Princess Tiana. >> Aladdin's my movie. >> Aladdin is your movie. All right, cool. >> Is my princess? >> Mine is Ariel. The favorite movie is hard for me. I always say Meet the Robinsons. It's just >> like picking a favorite child. >> So good. Right. >> But I only have one child, so that's pretty easy. >> Yeah. Yeah. Right. True. >> Original animation. >> I do love Aladdin. I love the music in Aladdin. >> That's what I love. >> We have to say has this little booth right here. Is Amara still in the chat? >> Yes, he's here. >> Hold on. >> Okay, I'm ready. >> They made this just for him. >> Just for him. >> Amara, are you excited? I'm excited. I don't know what we're doing. >> Okay. Are we ready? Oh my word. >> Tim and I did yesterday. >> The Mara Sea. I mean, see the Mara. You want to see the Mara? >> There we >> see the Mara. Glorious river excursions. >> Should we add a an M right here? >> Uh-huh. See the M Mara? >> That is amazing. Hello Debbie. How are you? >> So your princess is T or I'm sorry, is it uh Little Mermaid Ariel or is it uh Rapunzel? And Maro says, "I have been seen." >> Yes. That's so cool. >> I love that. Well, there you go. >> It's just a cool poster. >> It is a cool poster. >> It just popped out of nowhere yesterday. >> You were just like, "Oh my word, it's Mara's." >> Tiana is your favorite princess and Lion King is your favorite movie. >> Jim Mara's name. She just The Mara. >> The Mara. Oo, I like this. Yep. >> The Mara. >> The Mara. >> All right, Tim, point out where you bought art. later. >> I love the art in here. So retro. >> I love this booth so much. >> Me, too. I could buy like every piece and be happy. >> So retro for my dining room. >> Yeah. Eric, would you just be cool to look at every >> Yes. 100%. >> Yep. I love it. >> Cool thing about Michigan and living up north, you get basements and you can decorate basement. >> Uhhuh. Uh-huh. Yeah. >> Movie room. >> Yeah. We don't have basements here. >> You have a basement here. You're kind of in this one. >> I said I'd love like to have like a theater room and like to have like >> Yes. How cool. I have such a hard time picking just one princess, but my top two are Aurora and >> I got I bought two of Noah's. >> Oh, we love Noah. Which ones did you get? We got to see what Tim bought. >> What'd you buy, Tim? >> That was fun. >> I bought the giant. No, I didn't. >> Didn't do that. >> You didn't do that. Okay. So, I got >> Oh, I like that one. Yep. Steamboat Willie. Okay. Uhhuh. Steamboat. >> Yep. And >> And I got the sorcerer. >> Oh, that one. Oh, yeah. That one's good. I love this one, too. >> The Disneyland one. They're all good. I mean, you can't go wrong. >> I know. >> This one. I know. I do, too. >> I have this one. >> Which one? Oh, that's a good one, too. They have that statue in California church. >> Yeah, you're right. >> Right in front of Cafe Circle. >> Uh-huh. It's perfect. >> A Tim bought us all art. That's so sweet. >> She does need that one. >> A >> there's a couple of train ones that we thought about your dad. >> Dad needs it. >> Okay. Do we want food in Germany? Cuz I can buy There's a little line. >> I don't think we want food in Germany. >> I don't think so. >> We're good. Okay. >> Regardless. >> What? >> Regardless if we want it. Okay. >> You don't want it. >> I don't want to. >> True. Even though that does >> really good. >> Oh, they got the See, I've had >> Oh, that does look good. >> We can come. I've had that before. >> I've had them both. >> All right. Yeah, >> let's move on. It's a long line. >> Oh, Rapunzel. >> Rapunzel. >> All right, get your stickers out, Tim. >> And that's her, too. >> How much are they? Um, the paint the the pictures, they're usually around $50 for the prints. The prints are 50. >> 50. Okay. >> See, there's two of them. So, why was there >> Okay. Ivonne and I had this problem, too. >> I guess I guess you just pick one cuz there's two. >> Maybe there's extras. >> Yeah. >> Or maybe there's just two of those. Yeah. >> Yeah. Maybe there's two of these on posters around the >> We're putting that one on there. I probably won't find >> Okay. This is when I'm glad I have my code again. >> Bam. >> Yep. All right. Well, we'll pass through Germany and we'll make our way to Italy. >> Over the Winter Olympics. >> That's right. Oh, they're so white. >> Yesterday. >> We did in yesterday. All right, guys. So, again, share out the stream and thank you for being here. Missed you guys while I was on the cruise, but it was fun. Also, go subscribe over to Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Follow us on Instagram as well over there. And uh get ready for a lot of cruise videos coming up. Can't wait to share it with you guys. Thanks, Tiger Tail John. Thank you so much. Um awesomeness. I don't know. I'm I mean, I love all the food usually for Flower and Garden. I always love the avocado toast. It's one of my favorites every year. Oh, and it's coming back. >> It is. Okay, good. Dad's dwarfs aren't here. Where are your dwarfs, Dad? >> Oh, there's >> So, they're just not out yet. Okay. >> Snow White and Dopey. >> Oh, maybe. >> Usually the dwarfs are here. >> We have been shopping. Yeah, we went into the main shop already. Doesn't mean we can't go into tomorrow. >> Always Japan. >> That Oh, I love that shop. >> Oh, here's the other one. >> Oh, did you buy the Mickey? >> No, I didn't buy the Mickey. >> No. >> Let's see if they still have the one on the wall. Okay. >> Cuz I bought the last one that I really liked. >> You bought one on the wall. Wow. Tim. Oh, sorry. I just got you. >> So, I got this. >> Oh, no. That's a good one. Yep. >> That one I have shipped home. >> Nice. >> And I believe there is What is there? >> Yeah, there's 30 there's 35 35 hidden Mickeys in this. >> Fun. >> And 18 Epcot elements. >> And then there's 100 in the 100th anniversary one. What? >> Okay, that's fun. >> That's his like thing. He's the one that does the tree. >> Yeah, I love that tree one. >> So, this one you had shipped home. That's cool. >> Amazing. >> Then there's the Enderman. >> The Enderman. >> This is my favorite park. >> Epcot. >> I love it. >> And then I almost bought some cave pass because >> the ones I bought last year, he had them again this year. So, I'm assuming the ones they had us this year will be also be there next year. >> So, you're going to wait till next year. >> Mhm. >> I got you. >> And if they don't, I won't be able to. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> It's hard, you know, when you want them all. Hi, love. Go Mini. How are you today? >> We have so many walls. >> That's also true. Dale and I have no more wall space >> cuz we have a ton of windows in our house, which is great, but that just means that you don't have a lot of places to hang stuff. >> All right. What we got at the Italy booth? Italy has never been >> your favorite. >> My favorite of any >> Sometimes they have a big Sometimes they have a hit though. Like those those things that were like nachos. >> Oh, those were my favorite. >> Oh my gosh, those are so good. >> I mean that's just like a mozzarella stick. What is a palenta? Is that like a potato? What is a palenta? >> Palenta, bolognese, parmesan, mozzarella, >> tomato sauce, >> and tomato sauce. It's almost like a piece of lasagna. Maybe >> I don't know. I mean, it kind of has that look with like pasta and meat sauce. And >> don't do the Italy booth. It is not good. Debbie says >> not a raspberry pin unless it's like >> not as tart. Like if it's more on the sweet side to me. >> So Debbie says she didn't like anything there. So good to know. >> See, >> there we go. >> The nachos. >> The nachos were so good. They were like They were fried. They were. Yeah, they were fried noodles. >> Was that Flower and Garden? >> It was a food and wine. >> It was so good. >> It was not even It was two years ago. I think they didn't bring it back last year. There's my stitching with his duckies. >> Yeah, that one's really >> Did you buy the print? >> Um, somebody made me a um art the dot art and sent it to me. It was so sweet. Yeah, >> that's nice size. >> And then what? Um, not this Christmas, but last last Christmas, Jesse got me the little um statue of him with the duckies. It was so sweet. >> I like that brother Bear. >> That's Dale's favorite movie. >> Many Brother Bear things. >> Dale loves that movie. >> I actually like that movie, too. >> It was It's a good movie. >> I love that one, too. Just cruising around. >> They have lots of stuff. >> They used to have a Brother Bear show in California Adventure. No way. >> You know that that sort of walking trail like kids like play area like you're in the woods and they you would sit on tree stumps and stuff and watch through and I loved it and Jessica and Andy made fun of me for liking the show they thought it was >> they didn't like it best use of their time and yeah they always tease me about that like okay we the brother bear show >> that's funny was it did you ever see the Pocahontas show at animal kingdom was it similar to that where they brought like little like a raccoon up on stage. And was it like that? >> Like storytelling. >> Cute. >> It was >> I love the painting of Stitch with the ducks. I know. Isn't it cute? I like the one There's one up front, too, where he has a glow stick and he's got the ducks behind him and he's leading them across the street. >> So cute. >> Here's America. >> Mara, do we want to split a steak or are we ready for sweets? Both cuz I think they had a treat. >> Both he says. Okay. >> Be just right. Like >> one bite each. >> Yes. >> And I think they have one more show tonight, guys. So if you missed Broadway and you're here, they have four. >> They have been yesterday and today they have all four. >> That is amazing. >> And it was half yesterday for this. >> Oh, I bet it was. >> All four of them are here. >> So here's who is here tonight. There's pictures of them right here. There's a show at 5:30, 6:45, and 8. >> She was the original Mary Poppins. >> Oh, we saw her on Friday Night Live. If you guys missed it two Fridays ago, we watched her. >> Ashley Brown, Susan Egan, James Monroe, and an Angley Melum. >> And I think he was >> I forget who he was. >> He was Jeanie. >> He was on a touring group. He was >> Was he Aladdin? >> I think so. >> Aladdin cuz he was with Ashley the night. I think that we saw her. >> And he was he was a touring Aladdin. >> Yeah. >> Amazing. And he was great. >> Yeah. Really good. >> Susan Egan is >> And he was the original genie who >> Yes. Amazing. So good. >> Okay, Edwin. No worries. Have a good day. And if you're Oh, look. He's making art. A the Minnie's got a little flower. >> That's cute. >> So cute. I love it. >> I love that. >> Saw Susan and James last weekend. That's awesome. Kayla. >> I know. With the flowers. These are awesome. >> Oh, thank you. >> So, so pretty. >> You don't know when um Ivonne is live. Oh, all you have to do is hit the notification bell. And she she usually goes Saturdays, >> sometimes Sundays. Yeah. >> How did you know about it? >> She had a special guest this last night. >> She did have a special guest. I think it was Tim. >> It was Tim. >> Tim is Okay. >> Actually, I wasn't on stream though. >> You weren't? She didn't put you on stream. >> No, because her stream died twice. >> That way. >> Oh, so you weren't even on the stream. >> I'm not friends with >> Oh, she did? Oh, okay. >> I forgot that her stream died. So, I caught her after the second stream died. >> Oh, too funny. >> Yes, pepper strip wine. >> I'm not a dark chocolate fan. Same. >> I mean, I would definitely go for this. >> But we could get the steak if you guys want. >> Dark chocolate. >> I would get the steak. >> And raspberries. >> Steak. >> Steak. >> Yep. >> Steak it is. Do you want to save? Uh, >> let me find. >> I don't know. Is that too long? >> Wow. >> Let's go look. We could always skip and go to Japan. >> Yep. >> Japan has a wagoo bun. >> Oh, that's Japan. I do. >> Yeah, let's do that. >> Ice cream sandwiches. >> Oh, okay. Let me see. Pivot. >> Okay. >> Haven't run out yet. >> We can always check back later. >> And that's not a festival food. That's just a a regular food. >> Grilled. >> Popular food, though. >> Yeah. >> Oh, wow. Look at him grilling. M. >> Oh, that's what I love. >> That's why the line's so long. >> Yum. >> I noticed like at Marty Girl this year there is a lot of grillin. >> Yes, there is a lot of grillin. >> Puerto Rico that has the >> Yeah, we had them last year and they were really good. >> Oh, that wind. >> Yes. And a pina colada. >> That's where I got my pina colada. >> Pada. Also the Brazil. >> So guys, we'll be going back to Martyra again, so don't miss a stream from there. I don't know when we'll go again, but sometime soon. >> Oh, Baymax. >> A list of foods we want to try >> in Martyra. >> Martyra. Yeah, >> the fish was amazing. The fried fish doesn't have >> Wait, there's two symbols. So, which one do you pick? >> Oh, >> how about that? They're both on there. >> Oh, >> Tim lives in Michigan. He might as well live here. >> Trying to Oh, look at Baymax inside of his suit. How cute. Do >> you see him? Isn't that adorable? A, >> that is the cutest thing ever. >> Hi, Brandy. >> Finally got food since you guys kept having all the treats. >> She wants when I go to Disneyland. >> Oh, Baymax things. Yeah. >> I know. Last two years ago when I went, she wanted I think it was >> it was and it's sold out. Yeah. >> Super something. They didn't have it. >> I love that pump right now. I'm sure it'll be gone. >> The the ferris wheel. >> Yes. Yeah. Sorry, a long day. Oh, no worries, Anthony. All good. 2 ft of snow. Oh my goodness. >> Beats. >> Let's go in the shop first. >> Japan's original. >> Yeah. >> Got the drums going. >> Dropping OG. >> Yeah, exactly. I haven't. >> Oh, I think they're done. >> We hope you enjoy. >> That's all, guys. >> Oh, really? Funny. >> Enjoy the rest of your day. Of >> course, it was Homer. >> Also, that >> um Okay, we're going to go in and do a little bit of some shopping. >> Oh, you know who else we have to see before he goes away? Duffy and gelaton. right here. >> Aren't they cute? >> Oh, yeah. >> Yeah. We So, in each pavilion, they have their own painting. And this one's Duffy. >> That's the Skyward. >> Yep. >> Yeah. >> Well, it's the one you do on your own, >> right? >> But isn't it adorable? I love Duffy Bear. I had a dream about Duffy Bear >> and they're making their little >> Thank you so much. Thank you. Where are you from? >> I live in Norway right now. >> Oh, that's so cool. That's awesome. Well, thank you for watching. Have a good day. Yeah, you too. >> He's so cute. But yes, I had a dream that they brought him back and then everything was selling out and I couldn't get it. >> We got to get our >> Was it a dream or was it a nightmare? >> It was a nightmare. I love him. >> Which is why we got to go >> and get my >> overseas. >> We do need to go overseas. >> Can I get my passport? >> Yeah, you need to get that passport, Tim. >> I got to get it cuz I'm going on cruise. >> Last time I didn't have a passport. >> It's I mean, you don't have to have one if it comes in and out of the US, but >> you have to have your person. >> It's much easier. >> Oh my goodness. >> My Melody. >> Those are really cute, >> right? $20. So, it's not too bad. >> So cute. Oh my goodness. >> Cute. Oh, here's yours. Oh my goodness. Romi or did you decide that was yours? Right. >> No. I mean, yes, that is mine, but I didn't say that. >> Nope. Yes. >> Oh, look at them over here. They're like fruit. Monkeys. I had one of these when I was a kid. >> You had one, too? >> I had the original. >> Me, too. Yeah. This one. >> Look at these guys. Look at all that. >> Take over. >> I know. It really is. Oh my goodness. She's a cheerleader. >> One of each. Wrap them up. Oh, there's your hat, Sharon. >> Chrome hat on the inside, too. Is it >> got silk on the inside? >> Nice. >> It's only $25, actually. That's not bad. >> Satin. >> Oh, it's satin. Even better. That's good for That would be good for your hair. >> Okay. I really want this. >> She's so cute. >> I know. These are really, really cute. And they have lips on them already. >> Uh-huh. >> And they're not blind bags, so you know which one you're getting. We need her for the art festival. What the heck? >> It's ending today. >> That's so cute. >> How much? >> $27. Oh my goodness. >> Yep. >> Don't add to cart. >> Discount. >> I know. That was so cute though. >> Don't add to cart. >> I like these guys. Guratama. >> Yeah. >> Wait, it says squeeze me. What does it do? >> Okay. Just squishy. >> Oh, okay. >> It's like a stress ball. >> Oh, nice. >> This one just crashed. >> I know. >> Where's the one with the little >> Yeah, just lounging. >> The one with the little butt. >> This one's my favorite. >> The head. Oh, there he is. That's the one. The little butt. >> Yeah, they they're I used to call them butt eggs cuz they all have butt like little butts. >> Yeah. I mean, everybody has random like the the different >> I know good one's holding a red pepper a chili pepper one is >> there's one where he's laying on an egg and then he has a b a bacon as a blanket. >> I don't see it right now though. >> Yeah, these are cool. >> And all things to cart. >> That's why we got to go to Japan. >> We do need to go to Japan. What are these >> boxes? >> Maybe a bowl. Is it a bowl? >> Oh. Oh, here we go. >> Bowl. >> Two bowls. >> Or maybe like a container. >> Maybe. >> Wait. This one was already >> It's a 3D puzzle. >> 3D puzzle of a can. >> Oh, maybe it's like two bowls. Oh, okay. Oh, how cool. >> Okay, that's pretty cute. And it's ceramic. >> Yeah. Nice. >> Oh, this is lighter weight. >> Okay. >> This almost feels like plastic. >> Oh, it does. >> So, like >> I don't know. >> Huh. >> Two bowls, one plastic, one ceramic. >> I don't know which one you get. >> I like these guys. These are so cute. So when you're um on your computer editing your videos, >> you put it there and it doesn't get your tummy. Isn't that cute? I kind of want this one. Oh, and here's here's the original one. >> It's pretty funny that somebody actually thought about it. >> Thought about it. >> Cuz you put the thumb in it. >> Oh my. Do you know how much these are? >> Guess. >> Cuz it's an original. >> When you're getting ready your bathroom counter and you know how you like >> Yes. You lean over, you get you probably get it all wet. Toothpaste. >> Is he 30? >> Nope. $54. >> I don't like boniches anymore. >> They're really cute, though. >> I got different ones. >> Are they supposed to be monkeys? Like, what are they supposed to be? >> It's like a monkey. >> Okay, that's what I thought. >> People monkey. >> A people monkey. All right. Where was the ice cream? Are we getting that now or after we get more foo food? Here's this guy. >> These are all so cute. They're like little miniatures. >> This whole shop is cute. >> It's true. It is. It's cuteness overload. Oh, look at the puppy challenge. >> Oh my goodness. So cute. >> Yeah, it was $50. Yep, you were close. Oh, the puppies. Oh, the puppies. >> I know. You could spend days in here. >> Oh my goodness. >> It's true. >> Oh, they're doing the pearl. >> There was a pearl on my ship. You walked through it. Uhhuh. >> Beans >> bottle cleaning sponge. So you put these in your bottle, you shake it up, and it cleans it. >> I always want to get these. These are handy. >> Noodles. >> I know. >> Auto cleaning spot. So many things in here to buy and look at. It's also kind of busy in here. bento boxes. >> Oh, what's this? >> Wait, is this sushi paper? >> Original deco pack. >> Yep. Oh, you put your sushi in it to go. >> It's very specific. >> Are these gloves? Oh. >> Oh, wow. >> Are these gloves? >> Animal fur. >> They are gloves. Oh my word. >> And you could still use your tip of your fingers. >> Phone. 35 bucks. >> I think you need some toe socks. >> I do. Wait. Yeah, toe socks. I love this plan. Those are actually cute. >> Uhhuh. >> Look like an animal. >> I hope they're not real animal fur. It says animal fur. >> Oh, I can't imagine. >> They don't feel like they are. >> No, it feels kind of animal. >> Polyester or something. >> Yeah, agreed. >> I bought a fan in that store and the lady wrote my name on the fan. Oh, I'm Japanese. How fun. Now you want ramen and sushi. Hey, dream come true. >> Let's go see what's over here. >> Tiny little things. >> Owls and cats. They need doggies. >> Hi, kitties. >> We never felt like I know. I want to go so bad. >> This guy. >> I know. Isn't he cute? >> These guys are dancing. >> I need a high candy. >> Hi. >> Just waiting for me. >> Hi. Hi. Hi. >> They're over here. >> Oh, high is yes. >> Yes. >> Yes. Yes. Yes. >> Yes. >> Um um they only have one that whack its tail. Oh, look at the dog. >> Okay, I want a dog that wags its tail like that. That's cute. Sorry. No, no waving kitties right now. This is where all the food is. They've got mochi and all the things. I know. Aren't they cute? Hi, Christopher. It is cold outside. So, I'll probably pass in the ice cream just cuz it's cold outside. It >> is cold outside. >> But if you guys want one ice cream wouldn't melt. >> Also true. >> She did get one of that. >> What'd you get? >> Look in the bag in the squeeze bag. >> Oh, was it good? >> Coolish. >> I just have to look and see. >> Did she like it? >> I think she liked it. >> Oh, it's these. >> You see them selling one? >> It's these guys. >> That's what she wanted. >> They're $3.99. You going to get one? >> I tried the strawberry. It was delicious. >> They got them. >> They got them. You going to get one? >> I want these. What are they? >> The whole box. >> I thought they were cigars. >> Chocolate filled butter cookie. >> Rolled butter cookie. Oh, those are >> just a regular butter cookie. >> Why are they $38? >> Cuz you get the whole box. >> Okay. >> Those look good. >> You're not going to get one, Tim? >> I do want one, but >> it get it. Get it. >> You want one, but I don't want one. >> I've had one. So, >> yeah. >> You should get one. >> They're here. >> They're here. They're here. I'll >> just have you grab a box at that store. >> I will. Actually, they're individual. But, you know, I can do that. What are these? Look like cardboard noodles. Look at them. >> Toothpaste. Buckwheat. >> Mhm. >> Oh, that's why they look like cardboard. Curry. >> Not you. >> What? >> Not you. >> Japanese bean crackers. >> Hello, Darcy. I'm well. How are you today? We did. We had a great time on the cruise. Stay tuned again for the vlog coming soon. >> What What kind of Kit Kat is this? >> I know. I was trying to figure that one out. >> It's derty looking. >> Spaghetti and meatball. >> It kind of looks like that. >> Yep. I think that's it. Spaghetti and meatballs. >> It doesn't look Maybe it's cinnamon and >> meatballs. >> Chocolate. >> Cinnamon and meatballs. >> Let's go see what's over here. >> Have you ever had these? >> I can't do mochi. >> I >> It's such a weird texture. >> It is very weird. >> Don't even care what it tastes like. I had it before and then after I was kind of like, "Oh, these are weird." >> It's like a marshmallow, but it's not. >> The texture is more gummy. >> It is. It's a gummy. Yeah, you're right. It is a gummy texture. >> Oh, this is what we need. Instant energy. Coffee with milk. They have coffee with milk. >> Carbonated drink. >> Oh, I've had those. Those are good. Melon, luchy, mango, strawberry. >> It all looks good. >> I know. That's the worst part about it. >> Spaghetti and meatball Kit Kat is Oh, the spaghetti and meatball Kit Kat is chestnut. That sounds better. >> That sounds way better. Oh, >> you got it. Yay. Okay. >> Come early in the day. >> Yes. I'm glad they had it. Also, you were here on a weekend. >> Yes. >> That might have been why, too. >> Yes. >> Yeah. >> Oh, really? Oh, and there's there's the octopus guy making sushi. >> Octopus man. >> Octopus man making sushi. All right, we're going to see what Sharon thinks. >> What kind of ice cream it was about? >> It So, that's why I tried it at home first and it seemed to do okay. Okay. I mean, I I had a lactade with it or whatever. Let's look. >> New thingyamajiggers. What do they got? >> Um Oh, this one's new, I think. >> Where's Kirby? >> Oh, that is Kirby. >> Yeah, this one's new. They have um what are they called? Little hula hoops. Transformers. Oh, this one's new. Guardian Light. >> Hello Kitty. Hello Kitty. >> All right. What do you think? Good. >> Very good. >> Mhm. This is what it looks like. So, it's a wafer on the outside and then it has chocolate >> and ice cream on the inside. >> I broke it in half. Yep. >> It actually has a like a place where you can break it in half pretty easily. >> Dale and I shared one. >> Oh, you know what I mean. Shared it. >> Mhm. >> Oh, that one's new, too. slippery arctic figure. Let's look at them. Let's look at them. Oh, they're like whales and stuff. That's He's a penguin. Polar bear >> seal. See, they don't have a fish one. >> And another penguin. >> The whale. >> This one's cute. Wait, isn't that the one you you did, Tim? The whale one. >> The whale. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah, you did that one. Okay. They >> got rid of the fish. Like a fish one. >> Oh, a fish one. I'm glad they got new ones, though. >> Should I get another whale? >> Totally. >> Tim's getting another whale. >> How much are they? >> Depends. So, anywhere >> anywhere from 6 to 12. >> How much is this one? >> Six. Oh, there it is. Down there. How much is the It looks like a paper clip. >> New thingies. Are you getting it or no? >> Nah. >> Are you still >> Let's see. >> There. >> Yeah, I'm still Are you still there? >> Tim's credit card. >> Would you get again? >> 100%. Uh-huh. And we have not tried the vanilla one yet. The strawberry. >> If you like strawberry, the strawberry was good, too. >> Yeah. >> It's just nice. >> Nice and light. >> Wafer cookie. >> Mhm. >> But not too sweet, >> right? >> The thin layer chocolate. >> Yep. >> Vanilla ice cream. >> Yum. >> It's great. >> Yum. Yum. Yum. >> It said thank you. >> Oh, good. All right. Let's see what Tim got. Let's see. Let's go this way out of the way so other people can buy them. All right, this is a good spot. >> These are kind of a pain to open. >> Tim is doing an unboxing. >> An unboxing >> unboxing video by Tim. >> Of course, they have to tape it. >> Of course they did, cuz you know, you can open them in the vending machines. >> That's what I'm thinking. Unless they're afraid they'll >> open up in the Yeah, that's probably that's probably more like it. >> Crack. >> Snap, crackle, pop. >> Snap, crackle, pop. >> Boy, they really don't want you to get in. >> I guess not. >> Oh, >> did you get a different one? >> It is a different one. >> Oh, good. You have to put it together. Um, mom's doing okay, Elizabeth. Yeah, she's still she got like a a little cold or a sinus infection. She's not really sure. >> But she wasn't feeling that bad. It was just kind of a little bit of a a stuffy nose and then a headache. She It was like a sinus headache is what it felt like. So, >> got to put your whale together. >> Got to put your whale together. Oh, cool. >> Look at that. >> Raar. And then you got your wave. >> Got his little whale wave. >> Oh, that's cute. >> Let's see. I know there's a certain way to put these things on. >> Go that way. Does it go the other way? >> I know. I think >> maybe he's doing a back flip. >> I think you had it the right way. >> It is. >> Nice. Okay, that's cute. >> There you go. Which one did you get last time? >> I got the humpback whale. >> That's right. >> I want the killer whale. That's That's my spirit animal. >> You got to keep trying. >> I can't do that. >> I can't do that. >> Nice. >> Anybody want a plastic ball? >> Oh, I'm good. Recycle. >> Tim will have a whale of a time putting together. >> A whale of a time. >> That wasn't Mara. >> Of course it was. >> You mean the Mara? >> The Mara. Yes. the >> the one and only. >> It come with a flower pot that said, "Oh, no. Not again." Wait, what? All right. Are we going to the Japan? We getting food. Are we fooded out? >> Japan booth. >> Sharon might be fooded out. >> No. >> I feel like ice cream doesn't count. >> I agree. Uhoh. I dropped my rare card. >> Okay, don't lose them. >> Worth money one day. >> Oh yeah, there's like no line. >> Do we want to share like a bow bun or what do you guys What are you thinking? >> Or do you want your own? >> Okay. Okay. >> Despite what I said about being not counting, I am getting full. >> You are getting full. >> Tim, what do you want from here? I did want the wagu. >> You You want your own or you want to share or >> Oh, the bottom one. The steam bun. >> Okay. >> So, you want all of it or >> they got the fishy thing, too. Chocolate fishy. >> Mhm. >> Which one? chocolate. >> Crisp flaky fish shaped chocolate flavored pastry filled with Oh, >> I can't eat that. But you should eat it for science. >> Big too. >> Which one? The the that one. >> The chocolate thing. >> The chocolate thing. >> The pastry >> from reference book, The Hitchhiker's Guide to Gallo. Okay, good to know. Ice cream doesn't count as food. >> Hi, Darlene. >> You want it all? Well, Sharon, do you want to get a seat and then Tim and I can get food? So, I'm not sure I can carry >> all of it. >> Apple boba. >> You're going to get it all. Okay. >> See, I knew like I say China and Japan. >> Uh-huh. >> So, where should we go? Up top. Do you think there's a table up top? Maybe. >> Let's try that. >> It's so pretty. It's so pretty up there. >> It is pretty up there. And then uh we'll get some food. So, you would share the >> Okay. Mhm. You know exactly what I meant. >> The bun. >> That's funny. >> It is. It is science o'clock, everybody. Welcome to science class in Epcot. We're trying food for science. Look, there's nobody up there. Even better. Hi, Maggie. How are you today? We're going to try some more food. More food. I know. The poor fishies. >> Lots and lots. >> Maybe that's why there's nobody back here. So, you have to sit in the shade. If time can handle spice or if Tim can handle spice, try the empanada that Dale tried. Oh, yeah. He can, I think. Oh, that's a good view right there. >> All right, you got this. All right, you got the people. Sharon's in charge. We'll be right back. You might need a hold of the wind. >> It might be okay. >> But it is windy. >> Take a seat. We'll be back. >> All right. Hello, people. >> Yeah, it's kind of windy here. Table's shaking. I agree. Awesomeness. Sign of classic Disney. Can't beat that. Oh my goodness, Chenlin, you got 21 in of snow. That is crazy. Hi, matey. Hi, Christmas pirate. >> Yes, I feel for all of you that are up north that got hit by all that snow. >> Oh, hi Jessica. It was nice meeting you the other day. Yes, I remember you. >> Okay. Yes. And Mara, I mean the Mara, you're welcome. >> Hi, Kayla. Happy Monday. It really is beautiful here today. I wish you could all join us. It's sunny. It's chilly, but It's kind of refreshing to have it on the chili side. >> Tim and Jenna are in line at the Japan booth to grab a couple of uh festival bites. Oh, Disney fan. It's still snowing. Oh, no. Hi, Plymouth Rock. Free snow. Okay, anybody who needs free snow, just go to Plymouth Rock's place. >> Yeah, you're welcome. >> Good morning, Timothy. I guess it's afternoon now. Feels like morning. Hi, Rich. Nice to see you. Nice to be spending some time with your wonderful son, Tim. Hi, Miss Disney fan. Oh, you're going to be here next week. Oh, I hope I see you, too. There's a good chance of that. We usually bump into each other. Wonderful. Woo! It's windy here. You can see the gimbal shaking. Table is shaking from the wind. Hi, Amy. Oh, Burr. Burr up there. And did you get snow also, Amy, or just a cold? >> Oh, Plymouth Rock. No, you are without power. Oh, dear. Sorry, the table's shaking. The wind is blowing the umbrella that's attached attached to this table. Oh, just cold. Okay, well, I guess that's a good thing. You don't have to worry about driving in snow. And I agree, Jen Lynn. I love living here. and not having to worry about ice or snow. Oh, um Jacken, I am a friend of Jenna's. We met gosh, six years ago now, I guess. And uh just became friends. My husband and I were friends with Jenna and Dale and her parents. And we just like hanging out together. And Tim is a friend of ours also. >> No, none of us are married to Tim. He is our friend. He's like a brother, >> but we all hang out together when Tim is here visiting. Hello. >> We're explaining our you know, >> is Tim married to any of us? No. >> Is uh you know, >> how do I know? Thank you. >> We're friends. You know, all the fun stories. >> I love you. Okay. Yes. Sit by your >> by the people. >> Hi. Sharon, you guys were getting uh information time with Sharon. I love it. >> And I was thinking about like how long we've known each other now. >> A really long time. >> It is a long time, you know, >> since. >> Yeah. >> Yes. >> It was during co Yeah, it is a long time. That's crazy. >> I believe I'm coming up on my fifth anniversary of the Tim Show. >> Oh my word, that's crazy. >> It's kind of amazing how >> I got napkins for everybody. >> You think about in my mind I think it's a new friendship, but really we've known each other for quite a while. >> Quite a while. No, you're right. But you know, you just have those friends that the minute you meet them, you just click and you just feel like you've known each other forever. That's how I feel. Agreed. >> And your parents and Dale and you know, >> and Tim, >> Tim, too. >> Um, so we got this to share and then these. >> Okay, perfect. >> And they're purple. So here, guys, let me show you. Let me um we'll flip it around that way. Well, no. >> So here is the Wagu beef bun. It's purple this year, which is Yeah, >> I'll do this. >> Which is uh interesting. >> Here, I leave this open or you >> Oh, sure. Yes. Thank you. >> It's just Wagu beef. >> There's the inside. >> And then what were these? Shrimp tempura. >> Shrimp tempura. Basically like a sushi roll. Yeah. >> Wow. I'm glad we're sharing this. That's really >> big. >> I know. I I thought that it wasn't cooked, but it's cooked, so we're good. >> Okay, that's good. Uh, Dan the touring man sent $4.99. Hey guys, hope you're doing well. I'm currently at Magic Kingdom right now. Oh, that's so fun. Enjoy. Is there a that I could Yep. Thank you so much. All right, let's give these guys a try. >> Is it good? >> Yeah. >> Steak. That didn't sound like it was good. >> It's good. >> Yeah, that was a little bit of a >> I've had better, but >> Yeah. Yeah. It's just it's just rice, shrimp, and whatever greens that is. >> Okay. Here. >> Nothing special. >> Here you go. >> All right. One half. >> We just Oh, good. Thank you. >> Yeah. >> Do you mind if I just leave it on the table? >> No. Whatever you want to do. Yep. I'll see you guys some >> Mhm. >> Let me see if I can selfie here. >> Yeah. >> Is it good? >> Mhm. M. >> Mhm. >> Where it's at. >> Mhm. It's like sloppy joe in a yummy >> where it's like barbecue >> bum. >> It's almost like a barbecue >> flavor. Mhm. >> Very good. >> Mhm. >> And the bun is just color. It's not >> a flavor or anything. >> Yeah. Is it bread or is just regular bread? I mean regular bow bun bread. >> I like it. is purple colored for >> Oh, is it not busy at Magic Kingdom? Probably cuz everybody's at Epcot. >> Wow, that surprises me. >> Mhm. Very good. >> Yummy. >> There's a win. >> Knife down. Knife down. >> Does anybody want to try one of those? >> Yeah, I'll try one. You want the other one? No. Okay. So, you can have two. I'll just have one. >> Pick one and one. >> Not spicy or anything. It's just >> I'm eating this really weirdly cuz it's just very hard to cut. >> Yes. And our knife went down. >> She likes sushi. So, it's not even sushi. It's >> The filling on this is delicious. >> So, beef. >> Mhm. Oh, >> and the bun is good. >> I see what you mean. There's like hardly any >> It's just shrimp and there's a sauce there. I'm afraid to try it. >> You like spicy though, right? >> Not super spicy. >> Wait, is the camera on you? Nope. >> Oh my gosh, you guys. You just missed the funniest. Jenna took the tiniest tiniest taste of the sauce. Like like a minuscule amount. >> Like ketchup. Just the one prong of a fork. >> Barely. >> Barely dipped. >> I don't know. I don't blame you though cuz if it's going to be really spicy, you don't want to you don't want to be surprised. >> Here. Here. Try this fork. >> It's delicious. >> Sure. The gray stuff. >> I think it's mayonnaise. >> Is it like a slightly slightly spicy mayo? >> Mhm. I think it is. It tastes like It also tastes like celery. >> Usually sushi comes with some kind of spicy mayo. >> That might be the spice. >> The red one. >> Mhm. >> Mhm. >> This one tastes like a celery mayo. >> That's not bad. A celery mayo. >> Yeah. >> Only had a book on me to find out. >> Good point. Yeah. >> But I do like the bun. That's really good. So good. >> Just nice and simple. >> So sushi eh? >> No, >> it needs something more to it. It's >> I've had better shrimp tempura restaurant. >> It's literally shrimp, some kind of lettuce or seaweed. I'm not sure. >> And rice. >> Okay, I got to look backwards again. >> With the celery mayo. >> From past America, Japan. crispy shrimp tempura wrapped in multicolor sushi rice which is very pretty >> topped with it wasn't topped but it was on the side >> with a refreshing yellow yuzu sauce and tangy plum sauce. So the red one is the tangy plum sauce. >> Does that mean spicy? >> It's tangy. >> Good question. >> I don't know if yuzu sauce is supposed to be spicy or not cuz I don't eat it. >> I'm telling you it tastes like celery mayo. Gross. >> Okay, that was good. >> Hey, >> good bun. >> Oh, that wins. >> Losing everything. >> I'm imagining Squidward taking the minuscule bite of his first Krabby Patty. >> That's funny. >> Ooh, that wind is cold. >> It's really cold. My wife and I did a food tour Saturday. Got Disney favorites. Beignet, corn dog, and do at home. Topped off by dinner at Bulma. >> You had me at beignet. >> That sounds like the perfect day. >> You made good dining choices. >> Mhm. >> Bulma for the win. >> Snacking and Bulma for the win. >> Mhm. Which I've never been to for dinner. >> What? >> I only breakfast. >> We had dinner there once. >> We're going to Bulma. >> We're going to B. >> I've heard it's good. It's good. My favorite restaurant at that resort though is Chico. >> I've heard I've heard that's amazing. >> I mean, it's a you know, it's a special occasion restaurant, you know. It's It's crazy. >> It's a date night. It's worth it. >> It's a date night restaurant. >> Agreed. >> I like that. >> What is your favorite snack at Epcot? Oh my goodness, that's hard. >> Regular Epcot without a festival. >> Mhm. That is a good question. >> Okay. I'm walking myself around. >> Orange >> orange slushie. Oh, margarita. >> Or the or the peach. >> Oh. Mhm. I do like the slushy drinks in France. >> Yep. >> Mhm. >> Um >> those are drink. >> I like the chips and guac in Mexico. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's good, too. Yeah. >> I don't know. Snacks. >> Mhm. >> I usually don't get like snacks unless I'm at a festival. >> Uhhuh. >> Or other than like a Mickey pretzel or something, but That's usually my go-to. >> Hi, Becca. >> Oh, it was yum yum sauce. It could have been. >> I know. >> You know, >> I like the caramel in caramel cuc. >> Oh, yes. >> Um, I like the milk chocolate caramel with sea salt. >> Mhm. That's my favorite snack. If you want to call that a snack. >> You know, >> I do. >> Bakery. >> Oh, yes. Anything in the French? >> Anything in any of the bakeries. >> Oh, yes. The French bakery. >> The apple cake in Norway. Oh my gosh. >> Apple cake and >> that was >> I kind of want that now. >> It was Oh, for the win. >> That would be a great >> We could get that for dessert. >> I like that apple cake better than any other dessert item, I think, at any specialty booth. >> That apple cake is so good. >> Can I see your book again and see what other desserts we might have? >> Not that book. >> Not to work on it. >> Thank you. Remember, you got to go backwards. If we're looking >> Hi >> forward. >> Backward. >> You want to go forward, you got to look back. >> Okay. >> My hands are freezing. >> I know. Me, too. >> Oh, here's France. What do they have? >> France is usually a good choice. >> Oh, a chocolatey clear. >> Oh, >> orange cream. >> What is Amara making us? Let's see. Mara. >> Yep. From Canada. >> M. >> Wild and mushroom misoto. >> That is good. >> Oh, the bone marrow. I wanted that there. >> Yeah, Andy wanted. >> I wanted the bone marrow. I'm going to have to get that. >> And Mara makes a good um caramel popcorn over there, too. In Canada. >> Anything from French pastry. Oh, the caramel popcorn. Yes. >> Right now, we're having the food um from the Japan booth. Frozen margarita is definitely a snack. Yes. >> It's part of the food groups, I've heard. >> Mhm. >> All right, let's go this way. >> Snacking around. >> That one. >> We already went there. Oh my word, that wind needs to stop. >> I am freezing. >> We got to go back to the sun. >> Oh, wow. It's cold in the shade. >> All right, I'm good. We can go to the sun. layers for a pinina colada smoothie. >> If you like peanut butter, >> where this is between France and Morocco right over here, Japan, Morocco's next. >> That's like the Encanto booth kind of. >> Okay. >> Morocco's the next. >> Oh, it might have. I wonder if it has cream. >> Usually it's coconut smoothie. >> Passion fruit filled mango cheese. >> This looks really good. >> Yeah, it does. Tons of weird. >> I'll bet you that's delicious. >> Hello from New York. >> Passion fruit filled mango cheesecake. >> We're not feeling toasty even though it looks toasty. >> I'm kind of so cold I can't move. >> My fingers are really cold. >> Hi J. >> It's not bad in the sun. >> The sun's nice. Yeah. Yeah. >> We still can't complain though because we didn't get like 21 inches of snow like >> was it Kaylee that said somebody said they had 21 inches of snow. >> Yeah. That is no bueno. No. Thank you. And Plymouth Rock said you could come get free snow from their place. >> Oh, that's so nice of her. >> You got plenty to give. >> I I remember when I had plenty of snow to give away. >> All our snow melted. So, I hope it stayed melted. >> Stay melted. So, maybe you need to go pick some up from Rock. >> No. >> No. >> Oh, you looked up the sauce. It's made of yuzu fruit. >> It is yuzu sauce, >> which is a citrus fruit. >> Oh. >> Mixed with soy sauce or vinegar. >> Oh, that sounds good. >> Nice. >> That's how you make a yuzu. >> One bad. >> Yeah. Ice cream sandwich. >> I did like it. >> We're almost there. >> Earlier this month, my husband and I were on the fantasy cruise. It was really fun. >> But our room was on the front corner of the ship and I felt the waves. Oh. >> Oh, yeah. Front. >> If you're in the front, you can feel them better. >> Yep. >> Very true. >> The best spot in any ship is midship. >> Middle. Yep. We were we were in the back. >> I mean, we we could still feel the weight. >> The back is better than the front. >> It is better than the front >> because you're going cuz you're going up in the front bottles. >> Yep. >> And it doesn't rise as much. >> Of course, you've just gotten back. But >> is the Magic Kingdom selling the Valentine popcorn mix? >> Oh, I don't know. >> Well, they did during Valentine's. I don't Were you guys at Magic this weekend? >> Uh, nope. Okay. They're wondering if they still have the Valentine popcorn. 20 seconds. >> Yeah, because I went >> That's a good question. >> Sorry, guys. I don't know. >> Have it the other day. >> Who wasn't there? >> Saturday. There was no reservations for >> seriously. >> That's why you were there for 20 seconds for 20 seconds. >> Down. I think Valentine's Day itself was the last time. >> Okay. >> So, and of course, yes, they still had it that day. >> Yeah. Great question. We don't know. >> Sorry about that. I haven't been back to Magic since we've gotten This is the first park I've been to. >> It was very good. >> All right. >> I know this wind is crazy. That's okay. >> It is a little breezy up in here. This should go ride clos. >> Oh, when does it close? >> March, I believe. March. >> March 1st. Yeah, we got to go ride that. >> I think so. >> Put in the chat. You guys know. I know. I know. It's soon when >> it's really soon. >> It is very soon. Might even be the end of the month. >> That's what I was thinking. >> There was Valentine's Day popcorn. Yeah, we had it last year and it was amazing. >> I just got reminded I was at heart. >> Oh, yeah. There's art. >> We're at the art festival, guys. >> Not Art the Clown. >> No, not Art the Clown. >> I could have met him last weekend. I told you that. >> Yeah, that's cool. >> The parking lot was filled. >> Was it a con? >> No, it was a So, there's a a known uh like Halloween like costume shop. >> Okay. >> That opened actually. They had a location. They moved right around the corner from my house. >> Nice. And they've gotten in the past they've gotten like other like Michael Myers and stuff to do signings and stuff. >> Well, they moved location so their grand opening they got >> a few of the cast from Terrifier >> but to come. Nice. >> He dressed up as art on Sunday to sign autographs. >> Here's where the Lana cards are. That's really cool. >> But it was too packed. >> Yeah. picture like a grocery store parking lot. >> $5.99. So, they're the same ones that they're giving out, but you can get different ones. >> Yeah. See, I got that. That's the one they gave. >> That's what I got. >> And I got this one. H. >> That's very interesting. >> But each But each one >> But they're going to have different cards. >> They're going to have different cards on the inside. >> Uh-huh. Cuz I've gotten a couple from up there and they're all different. >> Okay. I don't think I've gotten any of the same. >> So, it's kind of cool. $5.99. Not bad. >> Yeah. They apparently ran out of >> I heard they got brand new Jasmine ears, but I maybe they sold out. >> Did you on somebody's Instagram? >> Okay. >> Maybe they sold out. >> I don't really know. >> Main shop. That is a good question. >> You know, I went to buy trash can. They didn't have any trash cans. >> No, it was gone. >> Animal can. >> Did they didn't have any? Like they were all gone. >> What? >> Of course. >> Sad. >> Of course they were. Cuz I went to go back. >> Sorry, Tim. >> I bet either Disney Springs or Magic is probably your best option. >> Yeah. Um, could you check the animal? Oh, also the boardwalk. That's where I got mine. >> Boardwalk. >> Got mine at boardwalk. >> Let's go. Oh. Oh, it's right over there. >> Let's go in here and look at some art. >> Tinker Bell. Oh, this one's pretty >> Dumbo. >> Yeah. Ain't that pretty? >> It's not that color. >> Dumbo. >> You're right. >> Is it all painted? Is it completely done? >> The back half is >> Okay. Wow. Completely. >> There's our friend Figment in the Dream Finder. >> That's cool. >> That's really cool. I love the Chip and one, too. >> Wow. Who's that? >> I know. >> See, now I'm hot. >> Mhm. Once you get out in the sun. >> Yeah. >> It's one of those days. >> I love these princess ones so much. >> They're like almost like a realistic face. >> Yes, they are. >> Yeah, they really are. >> Tiana. >> Gorgeous. It smells like smell. >> I love the art. I definitely get at least one print. I got a little one. I got like a postcard. That's all I bought this year. >> Oh my. Everybody else. >> They want that drink you wanted. >> It's our first pie, right? I can say that 100 times and out loud every single time. >> I know. I know. It's just so funny. >> All right, we'll keep going, I guess. Okay, >> just keep spinning. >> Just keep spinning. Spinning. Spinning. >> Oh, sorry, Rebecca, that you're going to miss the festival. >> I know exactly. >> Did I miss my friends card? >> Oh, no. I think it's up here. So, let's chat about another awesome sponsor, David's Vacation Club Rentals at dvcrequest.com/tv. If you guys would like to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost. Again, dvcre request.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. >> There it is. I see it. The card. >> Yes, I see it. And then we have um Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified by David Mower. You can get these books on Amazon. Behind the Ride teaches you how some of your favorite rides were created and Disney Demystified will give you all the Disney knowledge so you can impress your friends and know all the things. Let's see what they have here. >> Crabcake. Ooh, and lobster bisque. Okay, that sounds amazing. Yum. I know. I wish I could eat that. You guys should eat that for me. >> This looks really good to me. >> Yeah, it does. >> One of each. >> Bread and cheese. >> Frozen. >> You cannot get any of that. >> We know. Seriously. Frozen French martini. >> Oh, that sounds good. >> Yeah, it does. >> I want that chocolate >> martini coffee. >> That looks really good. Mhm. >> That did look good. >> That had that had bourbon in it. Yeah. The oldfashioned >> coffee. >> Exactly. >> Cuz there's two things that go good together in my book. >> Actually, three things. >> Coffee and bourbon. >> There you go. >> We also have um our awesome sponsor, Dream Table, if you guys are wanting to find that really hard to get. Oh, >> he's excited. If >> you're really if you're wanting to try that really Oh, there's some goose. >> I don't know. I don't know what they did. >> Maybe. I know. Maybe they want something. >> Let's go. >> So, again, if you're wanting to get that really hard to get um dining reservation here at Walt Disney World, go to dreamtable.co CO and um put in all the information, you know, the the restaurant, the number of people, the date, all the things, and then they will contact you and notify you when that table becomes available. And then you go into the app and you make the reservation again at dreamtable.co. You can download it on the app store as well. Did you put your sticker? >> I did. >> Okay, good job. >> I completed. >> Good job, man. Those kids are excited. >> I know. >> I'm excited, too. >> So, dreamtable.co. Go check them out, guys. >> I'm happy for them. >> Me, too. Is my phone back here somewhere? >> Uhoh. >> Oh, it's in this pocket. Okay, good. >> I found it. >> Okay, >> I did it. >> I did it. I know. And whenever you have a coat, it's like an extra pocket that you don't think about. >> The moon is out. >> The moon's awake. >> Half a moon. >> Half a moon's awake. All right, guys. One second here. As we walk around, I'm going to pull up the amazing members of the channel. We want to thank all the members of the channel, but we also like to read the platinum members every stream. Haven't done this in a while. I got to figure out how. There we go. >> How do you do this thing? >> How do we do this again? So, we have several platinum members. Let's go down here. It's very peaceful down here. It's a good view. >> It is a good view. We have Grey Rose Adventures. Total Care, Tom. I'm going to look down the steps and read in a minute. >> It's probably a good plan. So again, Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy 1, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego, Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, Chuck Polly, The Amazing Jaylen Moxley, Skiander, Dani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our awesome platinum members of the channel. All of our members of the channel, hoppers, moppers, shoppers, boppers, Patreon members, we appreciate all you guys. It did look good, didn't it, Nia? I agree. Jenna, I looked up the mobile ordering for Magic Kingdom and they don't have the uh Valentine anymore. Oh, the Valentine popcorn. Okay. And the last day for Rock and Roller Coaster is March 1st. >> Okay. >> That's what Jim says. >> Mhm. >> All right. >> That's coming up really quick. really quick. It's uh is it Saturday or Sunday? >> Sunday. Okay. >> Well, guys, hi Britney. Guys, I think we're going to um call it a day. We're going to try a little bit more food, but we really appreciate you guys joining in. This is my first stream back after vacation. Um I will be live again on Wednesday at some point, probably in the afternoon. So, have your notification bells on. Josh will be live tomorrow for Tranquil Tuesday. And I think I'm going to try to premiere my cruise video tomorrow at noon. If I don't do it tomorrow, then I'll do it after my stream on Wednesday. So have your notification bells on for Adventures of Jenna and Dale. You'll get notified when the first um cruise vlog goes up and you can join in on the premiere. If I do that tomorrow, it'll be around noon probably. If I don't do it tomorrow, then again, I'm going to do it on Wednesday after my stream. But we will premiere it. >> Thank you so much, Kelly. Thanks, everybody. Thanks to Sharon and Tim for hanging out today. Guys, want to selfie up? >> We'll say goodbye. >> Say goodbye. >> To the >> to the pain of the past. Wait, what? >> Something like that. >> Tim. Hi, >> Tim. Oh, are we good? I'm here. You're good now. All right, everybody. Thanks again for joining us. It's been a fun, magical Monday. Last day at the festival. And uh we'll see you soon again. Have those notification bells on. And I'll see you again Wednesday if not tomorrow for my premiere over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. >> Notifications. >> Yes, hit those bells. Hit the notifications. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Byebye. Bailey.
