---
video_id: hrbah9p5z1s
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: ALL DAY Magic Kingdom Live Stream - Part 2 - Walt Disney World - 2-14-26"
published: 2026-02-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrbah9p5z1s
---
Hey everybody, it's Josh with Resort TV1 and welcome to part two of this epic epic all day live stream. Part two is in full effect and we are going to head down to Main Street USA to watch the Happily Ever After Fireworks. We just finished at Beacon Barrel. If you missed part one, go back and watch part one. We've been going since 9:00 this morning. We're still going strong. You do not want to miss part two or part one. They're both going to be awesome. So, welcome back everybody. Thank you for coming over for part two. Let's go watch Happily Ever After. Here we go. And go ahead and hit the like on the second stream. That's right. >> Hi, everybody. Long time no see. >> All right, let's see. Are you guys You guys with me? All right, here we go. Get away from me. >> Oh, hello. Get away from me. That's a fun one. All right, guys. Welcome back. >> Little fits. >> What's that? >> Little fits as we say in >> Yes. Yes. So, thanks for joining us for part two, everybody. >> Been a fun fun day so far. >> And if anybody's still in part one, please tell everybody how to get over to part two. Moppers, hopefully some of you guys have part one and part two open. Uh, if you please post the link for part part two if they got lost along the way. We hope we get everybody over here. Hey, you want my sweater? I'm not you. You want my jacket? I'm not you. >> Park looks awesome at night. It sure does. >> There we go. All right. All right. Again, welcome in. We're about ready to start Happily Ever After Fireworks at 9:00. It is now 8:37 p.m. I was just a little bit late starting this version of the stream, but we are excited to have you join us tonight. And of course, I have Whimsy from Starlight on the screen for this stream because he is amazing and because we will be watching Starlight tonight on this part of the stream. >> Yeah, you're going to love it. been ninja watching, sitting around doing things around the house, still watching here. Josh, you were awesome and appreciate it. Thank you. And thanks for coming over. Guys are the best here for the part two action. Been Ninja All Day. Thanks, Age of Retro. Appreciate you being here. That's right. Bop that like button for part two. >> Part D. >> We literally weren't even off stream for a minute. I don't think between the two streams. We did it pretty quick. Shaggy Freak, $10. Happy Valentine's Day. Love the whole resort Tibo and crew like family. So glad to know you all. Thank you so much. So glad to know you as well, Shaggy. All right, looks like we're almost back up to our our total here. Let me see if I can turn the Wi-Fi off. today. >> Hopefully that signal doesn't die. >> Okay, good. It seems to be okay. I don't need the Wi-Fi all the time, I don't think. I'm just trying to save a little battery power. Uses more power to use Wi-Fi and cellular at the same time. >> All right. So, you can go the back way, but we're not going to do that. >> You can go your own way. >> We sung that in the Singstrong Festival um a week and a half or two ago. Week, two weeks ago, I guess. How crazy. That was two weeks ago >> where we had to go and we sprinted. >> Yes. >> Yeah. And I had to do a ground stream. >> So, you feeling those two drinks? >> Um, a little bit. >> Yeah. >> But it actually feels good to move. >> Oh, yeah. No, it does. >> Standing still, you feel it. >> What's that? >> I think standing still, you feel it. >> You do. >> That smells really good. I am. >> Oh yeah, for sure. For sure. Ber. >> All right, friends. Time to find a spot for happily ever after. There's the giant stitch. >> Yeah. How fun. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow shining at the end of every day. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow and tomorrow just a dream away. Okay. Man has a dream follow mind and heart here. Maybe we can get out this way. Oh wow. The street is not busy. What's up with that? >> Uh okay. How cool. >> Yeah, I think this is a good spot right here. >> Sure. >> Digging it. >> Let's see where the boober is. >> Welcome in, guys. >> She is by >> here. Let me switch. Uh, >> no, we're good. I'm just going to keep everything the same for right now. We are all good. >> Oh, no. She's driving the cars. >> Oh, it's the speedway. Are they going to watch the fireworks? >> She's over there. >> Do I have time tomorrow? >> Uh, you do. Fireworks, I think, start at 9:00, right? Or 8:45. >> Yeah, you got time. You have 18 minutes. >> Oh, eon >> time. Lots of time. >> Josh, sing in the stream. The run punch must have been really good. No, I sing in the stream all the time. All the time. I sing in the stream. >> You need to sing in the stream. >> That is true. We got to get you in that ac capella thing with me. Next time you can stand right next to me. Wait, there are videos of you on YouTube singing, right? >> No. >> Oh, I thought you said there are videos of you singing on YouTube. >> I'm not as far as I'm aware. >> Oh, okay. >> I must have missed that. >> Video. >> The only videos of me singing are VHS tapes locked in >> locked in the vault. >> Locked in a Tupperware. >> Okay. >> Well, you don't have to sing a solo. >> It's It is super fun. >> You can sing solo. Nobody can hear me. >> You can just do B. What are you You're tener though, right? >> You can do bass. Oh, you can do bass with me. Boom boom boom boom. You can do that. >> Yeah, but then I But I have fun filming you and Liam, though. >> That's true. You guys want me to go closer to the castle? >> I think we're good for now. >> You did pretty good gimballess, right? >> Yeah, you did good. >> You did very well gimballess. Yes. >> Actually, if you want to hold it for a second, I'm going to put on my sweater. >> Yep. No problem. >> What a great day. >> We're on the home stretch now. Almost. >> Hi. How are you? >> Good. How you doing? Good. >> Good to see you. >> Been out 12 hours. >> Yes, sir. >> Oh my goodness. >> You guys doing Valentine's Day? >> Oh, you look great. You guys are all dressed up. >> It's our first time like California. >> I love that. >> I love that. Yeah, >> it's good to enjoy every >> No, I'm not tall. I just have my arm up. >> You just did. >> Did you? Did you like it? >> Oh, yeah. We did it for the media thing, but I haven't done it since then. >> Yeah. >> I haven't done it. Everybody's good. You guys should totally do it. >> I did it the week after. >> Oh, it's really good. >> I'm not sure if I want to do it. I'm I'm on an anti. >> Okay. >> Hey, Mr. Disney fan. >> There's a lot of good stuff. >> Super fun. I really like That's cool. Stephanie, are you ready to begin? That's where >> John, I know you asked about the video. Just um look up my handle and you'll find it. >> That's exciting. 7 days it'll be a little bit warmer and a little less crowded. So >> just before spring break season if you wanted David got two you have real quick because I think I think it was 15 minutes left. You got down here your last >> Oh congratulations your Disney honeymoon. >> Good to see you. >> Fantastic. Ashley said it's eight months until our honeymoon. >> A that's awesome. I saw our friends Adam and Kristen from Park Pass. They're here enjoying their Valentine's Day. So nice. All right. You know, I'm going to step up just a little bit. >> There we go. Perfect. >> I asked I said, "Are you ready to begin?" >> All right, I'm ready. Oh, it got bpped by a loon. >> Better than a duck. >> It popped the stream. >> It was trying to bop the like button. >> Everything's good. All right, we're at 81% battery. >> All good. Getting over a sinus infection. Oh, no. Hope you feel better. >> Sinus infection. No good. >> Chicken. >> Yeah, that's >> I'm telling you those peppers in that that was I don't think they were like they weren't like reapers or anything, but they were definitely very hot peppers. >> Strong enough. I was definitely grabbing for the water. >> It's that kind of squish like, "Oh, this is really hot, but I like it." >> Yeah. No, >> you can feel it. That's what's crazy. There has to be something scientific about that. If you have like, you know, some kind of congestion in your throat or like, you know, you have a little sore throat if you eat something like a pepper, like I feel like that got to kill the germs at some point. My ENT used to tell me, and I had strep throat and problems until I had my tonsils out when I was young all the time. Used to tell my mother to have wonton soup and put hot mustard there. >> Oh, really? Hot mustard. >> The hot the Chinese mustard. >> How fun. >> What did John's ask? >> Uh, hey David, we're heading over to Tijana, Mexico for Valentine's Day with some of the family members of my beautiful wife. Wow. You're heading heading down to Tijana, right? 1300 people. Yeah. Bop the like. You guys can bop the like on the second stream. It's a thing. You should do it. >> Second stream vibes. >> One more round punch and I would have been speaking Spanish exclusively. >> You'd have been Buzz Light. You're in Spanish mode >> pretty. You could ask Javanos. >> I become fluent. >> Montangus Manosell stream. Hello. >> You look like you need another rum punch. No thanks. I'm already good. I'm good. There's a reason I don't normally drink on the stream. Right now, I'm just a little more animated than normal. I can tell. >> It's fine. We're all fine here. By the end of the fireworks, I'll be fine. >> You know, it's interesting. I wonder, having been through now, Disney, what they've been through with the with the winter of having plants. At what point do they start trying to engineer frost resistant plants or some sort of >> genetically engineered uh frost resistant plants? Yeah, who knows? >> That it's going to be a major impact on the budget. >> Shaggy says we're fine. How are you? >> No, you're right. >> I think they must have a savings for that. I have no idea. Have no idea. We could do like the old comedian like Bob Nelson like I'm fine. >> Was that that guy? >> Um >> that's drunk guy comedian. >> Or we could do the uh Will Ferrell Harry. >> Oh Harry Kerry. Hey chance to be a top scientist in your field or have mad cow disease. Which one would you pick? >> Oh good. I thought you were going to pick mad cow. >> Have you guys seen the Harry Kerry Will Ferrell Saturday Night Live? We're just back from home from a day at Disney Springs. We had Gideon's cookies, Mickey min, and avocado. Happy Valentine's Day. That's awesome. >> What is alphagato? >> I don't know what alphagato is. Or avagato. Don't know. >> I just kept thinking double what? You're not not sorry do robato. >> Everybody knows the moose's not made of cheese. But if it was, would you eat it? I would. What if it was made of ribs? I'd have it with a cold plug. >> This is David, guys. If you're wondering who's talking, you haven't seen him, >> unfortunately. I'm sorry. >> No, he's good. They love it. They love it. >> Pick a voice. I could probably learn. >> Yeah, he's got all the voices. >> I was a very lonely, only child. Even my imaginary friends didn't like all ages. And the Magic Kingdom invites you to enjoy our nighttime spectacular happily ever after presented by Pandora. >> Our journey begins in just 10 minutes. Oh, I'm sorry. I was just wandering around. >> We saw her once, so we know she sing >> Don't forget to subscribe if you're new. We're trying to get out of this 213,000 subscriber thing. We got to get to 214. It's good luck. >> Who's Ralph? Uh Ralph was the name they put on my cookie one time when I was getting a Starbucks cookie. I told him my name was Josh and they put Ralph on the cookie on the bag. That was funny. >> Yeah, we got a great view. It's going to be very good. Oh, Sandra, I didn't know that about the they form a shape with the gelato and they put the pour the hot es espresso in. >> That's pretty cool. >> Sounds good. Where is that again? I must have missed the beginning of that statement. >> Can't believe you just said avocado. Yeah, I didn't know what it was either. >> I still don't know what it is. Let me look it up now. someone who knows how to hold a balloon down. Yes. Very impressive. >> Here we go. Look at that. >> Subscribe. It's free. >> Let's get Let's look up avocado. >> This This is avocado. Oh, you just said that. Okay, I get it now. >> And now we know. And knowing's half the battle. >> 8 minutes till fireworks. Should be a lot of people probably leave the park after these fireworks. >> So, espresso over ice cream. Very cool. Not original. >> I read that description and I just like didn't understand that that was the avocado cuz there's such a delay. >> Peggy Schlink, 25 months of resort hopper silver. Such a fun stream. Beak and barrel. Josh is funny. Josh Beak and Barrel. Josh is funny. Josh, you know. in his eyes. >> Yeah. >> All good. >> He's still really know what's going on, but he still had a good time. I >> think the coolest thing. >> Yeah. I think we were unexpected. His favorite ride so far was Pirates of the Caribbean. That's right. >> Our daughter loves Star Wars, so it was great to He's got better stain powder than you do. >> He's so many of that stuff. They're not going to have dang. Oh, there we are. The vertical stream is finally working. How about that? >> Look, let me know if you're watching on the vertical stream. 5m minutee warning. Good evening dreamers of all ages in 192. >> Yeah. So, welcome anybody who's on the vertical stream. Make sure everybody hits the like button. >> Even if you hit on the earlier stream, hit the like button again. The >> vertical stream is working. >> We've got a debate which bees are better, Querans or Magic Kingdom. >> I haven't tried this one, so I can't say. >> The Magic Kingdom ones. >> The Portoans ones are pretty good. >> Yeah, >> it's always the jazz. >> Well, the jazz is great >> music. I guess it wasn't quite jazz. >> All right, everybody. We have Michelle. Michelle King. Um, congrats on 22 months of Resort Aubber Bronze. Thank you, Josh and Jennifer, for being the amazing people you are. Love being a member of your channel and the wonderful community you've created. Thank you. >> Glad you guys are here. >> Always crisp video quality. I'm so happy to provide that for you guys. coming back. Actually, that doesn't make sense. The house of magic still the uh awning or the the um storefront is still there, but no magic. >> No magic. >> No more magic. >> I remember when the arcade actually had those oldfashioned arcade games. Remember? Oh, yeah. The baseball with the bat where you wind up and the wall would come down. >> I totally remember that. So good. 3 minutes everybody. >> Yes. Right over uh back there. The cinema. Yeah, back there. They used to have Steamboat Willie playing over and over again. >> All right, guys. You all stream the fireworks perfectly. Thanks, Pixie Seniors. So glad to do that. >> So glad you guys found the stream. Happily ever fire. Happily Ever After Fireworks in like 2 minutes. >> They're coming up right now. >> We listen to the violin rendition of A Whole New World. >> Oh, I've seen it, too. It's all good. Thank you. when it's over. >> Yeah, they should have projections on Main Street. Although, we won't see a lot of them cuz we're kind of far up. We're far forward. Thanks for streaming all day. Oh, for sure. I felt lonely all day. Thanks for making the magic. Well, we're here to keep you company. And actually right at 9:00 we will been we will have been streaming for 12 hours. >> All right, let me get the uh brightness set up here. Got to turn it down a little bit. All right. So, I don't have the infinity focus on this app, so it won't be locked, but should still be great. 1 minute. Then at 10:00, we have Starlight. So, I'll probably go ride a couple rides before that. anyway. Do you want to party? >> This is it. and the only one happening ever after. Each of us has a dream, a heart's desire. It calls to us. And when we're brave enough to listen and bold enough to pursue, that dream will lead us on a journey to discover who we are meant to be. All we have to do is look inside our hearts in magic. And then begin the moment every step we Blue cry Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Ocean. star shine bright and hold on tight. There's mag and They can heat. Heat. Heat. Taste the morning there like a wooden man who freely walk there just one day and then I swear I'll be content with my share for the reason Heat. Heat. Your day lies within you. You just have to be brave enough to see it. Journey my heart and love. I will touch the sky. She got to go. Im me back to I know I cannot go where I want to be sh and see me let me know I'll be my life. I know I can't be my Trust me, having a best friend by your side opens up a whole new world of possibilities. Oh, yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. That's what friends are for. to our free friend. everybody. >> Some people are worth melting for. We don't have to feel it anymore. I did my heart will be Hear my heart. Heat. Heat. Lost the light on all this. I see the light and it's like the sky is warm and real and bright and the world is somehow sh All everything now that I see you The blue person is the most rare. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Look inside yourself. myself. >> Get on my shoulders. I have been dreaming of a far where a hero would be waiting for me. Where the crowds watching when they see my face and the voice keeps saying this is where I'm Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. And so our journey comes to an end, but yours continues on. Grab hold of your dreams and make them come true. For you are the key to unlocking your own magic. Now go let your dreams guide you. Reach out and find your happily ever after and after the story is the whole change by the way. We live and we must guide. We all have the courage to fight. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. So good. All right. So, all right. You guys ready for the big shortcut? do our I'm gonna do a People Mover people mover ride. What? >> Oh, yeah, it is. Yep. A clown in the window up there. How fun. All right, we're heading to People Mover. It's the easiest place to get to after the fireworks. So, here we go. >> And go. >> Sorry about the lag back there. That was weird. I don't know. The signal's been weird today, but it is super busy, so I get it. I had to turn on the Wi-Fi again. >> Nope, not at all. So, if you enjoyed Happily Ever After, stay tuned. We're going to be live until the park closes at 11:00 p.m. and probably a little more than that. But definitely subscribe if you're new to the channel. We'd love to have you as part of our uh part of our community here. It's free to subscribe. Totally free. And we love having new people join us on our channel. So, definitely check it out, subscribe, hit the like on the new stream. Everybody get the hit the like and uh join us and enjoy. We're heading to our traditional after fireworks people mover ride. >> Okay, let's see. And of course, you always get the amazing happily ever after post show music. It is absolutely epic. There some of the best desserts in the whole park. Although I do I do the the best dessert is of course the uh Starbucks chocolate chip cookie. It's amazing. We love it so much. All right, here we go. And thank you for the lyrics, Isaac. Thank you for being here, everybody, for this epic stream. We've been live now for 12 hours and 20 minutes. This stream, of course, is the second part, but uh we love it. All right. Uh may the force be with you. Here we go. Oh, look. I see an opening. >> There we go. All right, we made it. >> Hip hip for the people mover. Such a great song. And I'm so thankful that I got to hear Angie K and Jordan Fisher sing this live at the uh the Log event. That was so cool. Park capacity for Magic >> is between 80 and 90,000 people as far as I understand. 80 and 90,000. >> That's fire marshall capacity. I don't know how close they let it get to that. A normal a normal day is between 40 and 50. Um a busy day is 6070. I say we're closer to 60 today. That's my guess. They don't ever release those numbers, so I don't know for sure. But so that's totally a guess. >> Big third verse there, third chorus or whatever you call it. Happily ever after. >> Sorry. Such a great song. >> Oh my god. A lot of people are going to leave, but we should be able to make it through. >> This is the way we go. >> This is the shortcut. The magic shortcut. >> I just need to prepare myself. >> We did it. >> That's the worst part back there. >> But that is Yeah, that is the absolute best way to get through. >> Least the least amount of frustration. the postparty check-in. >> Yeah, that's where you get all the desserts and cool stuff. >> That's right. >> It don't stop. >> It will stop slightly after 11 tonight, but it's gone for a long time. >> No, the Christmas parties do. Christmas parties don't run at 90,000 at all. No. Uh only only uh the busiest days. The Christmas parties are more like 20 to 25. I think they limited Christmas and Halloween parties too. >> Well, then even then it didn't stop. >> That was amazing. I took some beautiful photos to make into a screen saver. Michelle, that's awesome. Good job. I love it when people screenshot the stream and find some cool shots within. I try to I try to, you know, frame things well. I try to take good video. I had a good view tonight. I had a really clear view. People in front of me kept leaving, so that worked out quite well. But I appreciate you guys. This is more people than we have watching on the last stream. So, >> but you don't want to go anywhere cuz we got more more fun coming up. Okay. >> You do a great job. Been a great day watching. Thanks, Eden. Thanks, June. Hello, Peachy. Happy Valentine's Day. TTA, don't mind if I do. Me either. So, at 10:00 we have um Starlight Parade starting in Frontier Land. What we might do is do this and then run out and get a Starlight spot. Trying to think. Do we want to do Frontier Land or do we want to do Okay, we got to figure this out. Do we want to do Frontier Land or do we want to do um Let's see. Do we want to do Main Street? We'll see. >> Yes. away from the >> All right, here we go. >> Keeping time. tomorrow. >> I was telling Josh that based on the number of margaritas or drinks, it's like it's like Buzz Spanish main street. You can do more after maybe. So, Uh Denise Sudach, $25. Thanks for an amazing stream. Thank you so much, Denise. >> I appreciate that. We Yeah, I would too. Denise, thank you so much for the $25 super chat. Thanks for an amazing all day stream. It's been a great one. I appreciate you being here. Thanks for the super chats. That helps a lot. We really appreciate it. And if you want to support the stream, that's awesome. If not, it's all good, too. It's always free to do, free to watch all the things. Everything's totally free to watch. We also have our PayPal. It's paypal.me/resorttv1. It's another way to support us. Either way is great. Paypal.me/resorttv1 and Patreon if you want to support us monthly or uh channel memberships or you can have all kinds of cool emojis. >> Please carefully. >> Thanks everybody. >> Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times. >> And let's see if we can get the second stream up to 1,000 likes. >> Frontier win. Would be nice to change parade view. We'll see. Yeah, we'll see if we make it over there. Starts at 10 apparently in Frontier Land. So, we shall see. >> Either way, I'm glad to see you guys. >> Thanks for continuing to uh hang out with us today. It's been very very nice to see everybody. >> For your safety, remain seated at all times, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please stay clear of the doors open and close automatically. automatically. >> If you guys are riding with me, I'll ride backwards so you guys don't have to ride backwards. >> Okay, there we go. I made it. I made it. All right, >> here we are. >> On the people mover, the >> mover of the people. >> Enjoy the ride, everybody. >> That's right. I really like to buy a car for your safety. >> Pink Panther with Steve Martin trying to pretend he has a French accent that he can't switch. It's the American guy trying to pretend he has a permanent French accent. It's the best ever. Steve Martin Dave was doing the Steve Martin impression from Pink Panther. I would like to buy the hamburger. >> Hamburger. >> I would like to buy the burger. >> I actually can do that one pretty well. >> The burgerfully. >> All right, guys. Here we go. Enjoy everybody. For your safety, >> thanks Eden. >> That's right. Those people are not going to move themselves. Here we go. Let's do it. >> This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service right now. >> Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the people mover presented by I'm 5, your guide aboard this highway in sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow and stars is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to monster, there's really nothing like today in tomorrow. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please. Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traers. Transfer to Green and Red Lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future. I find two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy. Except actual stars. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Run. >> I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. Attention all visitors. Please keep forward facing. >> This is Starport 75 or as we loc space. Our high-speed rocket port to distant deep space destinations. Oh, >> lights on. >> This is unusual. >> Yeah, >> let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral moves of Pisces 7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Vote today. Heat. Heat. There we go. Engaging Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the Carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Down. Heat. Heat. Whether you have one eye or nine, take the time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people over journey has nearly come full. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you over. And even though I conclude, this is always my favorite bike cuz now is the time, now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. Today, see you in the future. This is the GTA blue line. Non-stop service around. Please keep all city and others away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> Please keep arms and timing and others away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution. Exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> All right. always amazing. >> The people mover. >> Don't forget to subscribe if you're new, especially if you're joining us on the vertical stream. That's something new we've been doing lately to see if it helps us reach more people. So again, let us know if you found us on vertical. We actually have a horizontal one going too, a landscape mode one. Probably you see a little more on that one, but we wanted the vertical to be something if somebody's scrolling the shorts feed and they like Disney, maybe it'll show them the the stream. I still haven't seen anybody in the chat that said they're on vertical, but if you are, welcome. Luckily, it's the same chat for both. So, if we see your message on one, we'll see it on both. So, I'm thinking we go over to Frontier Land and see it there, and that way we'll see it right when it comes out. That way, we don't have to wait as long. I just need to find out exactly where to stand to see Pinocchio. But other than that, we should be good. So, yeah, let's go down to Frontier Land, then we'll see it right when it comes out. Normally, it comes out at the fire station. But, yeah, >> that'll be you guys' first time to see it. >> Yes. >> Let's go find our spot. And then after that, we might be able to do one more ride or two and then Casey's Casey's and Cookie. >> We need >> Yes. >> Wow. So, it's infrequent that you see Space Mountain lit up like that. >> Oh, no. It's pretty cool to see. >> Oh, wow. So, so generous. Oh my goodness. Mark sent a $50 PayPal. Thanks for the all day stream. I really appreciate being able to watch your streams. Uh hold on. Uh when I can't make it down there. So, thank you so much, Mark. $50 PayPal. So, so generous. Really appreciate it. Thank you so much. Um, very much appreciate it. That helps us keep going. Helps us with so many things. So, thank you so much, Mark, for that $50 PayPal. You are very kind and we appreciate it so so much. So, thank you, Mark, for the $50 PayPal. Very nice. Oh, the vertical stream is a new thing. It's like the shorts feed. Most of you are watching landscape, meaning you can see the whole stream left to right when your device is horizontal. Either way, it's there. >> Yeah, apparently Starlight's starting in Frontier Land. A lot of people are saying that and Rahm was saying that, too. So, we'll see if hopefully that's true. But >> I'm going to have to use the restroom once we get over there. Finally, those drinks are finally hitting me. >> Gia, too. Okay. Waves. >> What's that? >> Go in waves. >> Yes. >> You two can go in the first wave. >> Okay. You got 19 minutes till parade time, so we're good. >> It's like an eon for you. >> I know. I walk fast, that's for sure. >> To Boston in 19 minutes from here. >> Not quite. It's been a fabulous day and night. I however need to go to bed. It was wonderful to see everyone. Share this very special day and enjoy the stream. Yes, it was very awesome. Jennifer, thank you so much. Thanks, Josh. I just saw my son walking. Oh, that's cool. How fun. No, I'm so thankful to see you guys. How do you get to vertical? It's kind of hard to find, but here I'll show you. If you go to the YouTube app, I like I wouldn't recommend watching on vertical, but you hit you hit this uh you you go to any you hit the shorts thing at the bottom. You go to any short, you pause it, then you hit live, and then okay, then it'll show it. So, actually, it's funny. Earlier it was actually a portrait mode stream. YouTube seems to be actively making these um vertical, but you can see the same chat. So that's the vertical live stream. It's actually it looks like it's landscape anyway, but it's it's a thing that you can watch, but it's better to watch the landscape. It's just a great way to maybe let the algorithm promote us to a new group of people. >> Oh, we did Carousel of Progress earlier, June. So yeah, if you want to see that, you can rewind if you want. >> That's good stuff. >> Yeah. >> Infinity Streams. I know, right? That was pretty cool. >> Castle looks beautiful as always. And see, you always want to watch the second parade. Look, I mean, there's so much room here to watch. >> Yes, we do that for Christmas for all of us. >> Yes, second parade's always easier. >> Oops, I lost my Hold on. That's right. Hold on, guys. >> Sorry, I was resetting the connection a little bit. Well, if you're playing for YouTube, I'm going to keep doing it. We're trying to doing these all day streams kind of helps push the channel out to more people. So, we've been kind of um you know, we've been kind of down on views and stuff for a while. It's because the algorithm changes. And so, we're we're trying some different stuff. But that's my plan is to just keep it going and just try and keep innovating if we can. >> It's been a perfect day. I honestly wouldn't change one thing. >> Literally wouldn't change one thing. So I might, depending on what Steph and Liam are wanting to do, I might go live on Monday. We'll see. Monday morning since Jenna won't be live on Monday morning. A lot of people are used to seeing that. I might go live Monday morning. We'll see what happens. There is the beautiful castle. >> Oh my gosh. We're in Liberty Square and we have 1776 people watching. >> That's amazing. >> It won't last long, but that is pretty cool. 1776 people watching in Liberty Square, but mostly Americans. >> That's right. The days of 76, my boys. >> Oh, nice. I never must prevail. >> That's actually a really underrated musical 77. >> It is. We've been out and about all day. Finally sitting down now. So, we'll definitely rewind to watch Carousel Progress. Have to check in on John and Sarah's Vday. Yes, for sure. >> John and Sarah had a great Vday. >> Yeah, funnel cakes have a very distinct smell for sure. >> Yeah, we're going right now. Here's an interesting trivia cuz I was just thinking when you did Lincoln, nobody really knows what Lincoln sounded like cuz there was no audio recording. Who was the first president to be audio recorded? >> And who was the first president to be photographed? Now, there were photographs back. So, >> so Lincoln Lincoln was photographed. >> So, >> but who was the first president to be audio recorded? >> I was going to say photographed in Jackson. >> Yeah. >> So, actually this is a really good spot to watch right here because the sound is really good. So, let's stand right here. >> So, when did Edison do a recording? Do what? >> We're trying to figure it out by Edison, >> right? Cuz the Edison tunes were the first recording, right? >> Yes. Isn't this right? Yeah. This around this area is really good because the speakers coming off of Diamond Horseshoe are really good. >> All right. So, we'll stand here. Can I use the uh >> Well, here I'll hand it to you and I'll use the restroom as well. >> Are you going to give >> William Henry? Let's see. Oh, I'm going to look it up. Yeah, I'll look it up. I'll look it up while I'm gone. It definitely wasn't George Washington. >> No, >> he wasn't ever even photographed. Okay, I'll look up who the first president to be photographed and who the first one to be audio recorded. >> Okay, photographed and audio recorded. >> Hello everybody. >> Yeah, >> Benjamin Harrison 18. I was wondering about that for what recording Benjamin Harrison Diamond horseshoot. John K. I think they I think they had a recording before John Kennedy. Ask not what your country can do for you. >> Harrison recorded. Okay. You know, but you mentioned John Kennedy though. There's um I don't know if you all have seen it. There's a very famous piece of artwork between the eerie similarities between Lincoln and and John F. Kennedy if you've ever seen that. How do we like Beacon Barrel? It was outstanding. It's really outstanding. Food was good. The atmosphere was great. Drinks are a little strong, not going to lie. So, be sure that you're not dehydrated when you go in there. >> Wow. Actually knew JFK. That's pretty incredible. Barack Obama. >> Yeah, I'm thinking maybe they, you know, Ronald Reagan might have been recorded before Barack Obama. >> Yeah, everything was really good. The food was excellent. We had the the cakes with Chipotle chicken. Just be careful if you get a pepper if you don't like spicy food because it has a kick. Yeah, there's a whole Jay there's a whole list of things like you know Lincoln ran for all different kinds of offices never really won anything except for one election which happened to be the presidency and John F. Kennedy followed a similar path of of electoral lack of success. It's pretty interesting. got Liberty Tree Tavern there. Any chance to ride Peter Pan before clothes? Maybe it's up to the boss. Up to the boss. Miss Disney fan, what what's the temperature back home in Jersey? >> So, I'm curious, who is a fan of Magic Kingdom daytime versus nighttime? accident. >> Hi Right. Is it me or do they have distinctly different feels daytime versus nighttime? Right. >> All right. >> I was asking the group whether or not uh they liked daytime or night time. >> Yeah. We'll see. Did they get the answer? I here. >> Benjamin Harrison. They said >> Benjamin Harrison. Yes. Although there's there's debate about a recording of Rutherford Be Hayes, but it doesn't exist anymore. >> Okay. >> But it's on a wax cylinder. John >> said John Adams was the first >> John Quincy Adams was the first president to be photographed with a surviving uh the ger the gerotype the gerotype from March 19 from March 1843 by artist Philip Hos. >> But they got it. We got the smartest audience on the planet. >> Although he was the sixth president, this photograph was taken while he was serving in the House of Representatives. I mean that's the Google AI overview. They probably saw the same thing I did. Thanks, AI. No, but it's super cool. >> Hey guys, keep subscribing. We are appreciative of you being here. In just 8 minutes, we will see Starlight, a magical gathering of Disney. Wait, that's wishes. Sorry. But we are going to see Starlight just a few minutes. Very different from the fields. Night versus day. Yeah, I love both. I think both night and day are both good. They're good in their own ways. Let's see. We're about 50%. We may not even have to plug in before the end of the stream, but we might plug in just briefly. And the gimbal has held on. It's been uh I've been streaming now almost 13 hours. Gimbal has held on strong. Nighttime in the hotter months and daytime during the cooler months is my preference. Okay. We love Florida evenings. Yeah, Florida evenings are beautiful, but so are California evenings. You know, Walt used to say the park was the most magical at night. I think he was right. I mean, there's something about daytime, too, when you can see everything and the colors are clear. The sky is crisp and blue. That's nice, too. AKM Pandora is great. Oh my goodness. Wow. Uh Laura G, $100 super chat. My goodness, Laura G, what a fun day. Thanks so much for bringing the magic to us from Laura. Thank you. I don't know if you can see me. I look like I'm telling ghost stories a little bit, but Laura, thank you so much for that $100 super chat. That is so so generous. We really appreciate it. Just so so very much. So Laura G, thank you from the bottom of our hearts. Thank you so much for the uh very generous super chat. Everybody, please thank Laura for that super chat. Wow. So nice. >> So Starlight is the new electrical parade. Hi, Jacob. Yeah, thank you so much. Such a generous super chat. >> Hey, Alberto. Great to see you, too. 7 minutes. Starlight is our electrical parade. We hadn't had a parade since the the Main Street electrical parade, the original one, left in 2015 and went back to Disneyland. Anybody know if the electrical parade still exists at Disneyland? I know they don't do it anymore, but is it still in storage somewhere? Spectro, of course, got destroyed. unfortunately in storage. >> Oh, here we go. >> Announcement. >> Good evening, stargazers. We're delighted to invite you on tonight's journey through the stars. Follow your heart and make a wish. Disney Starlight Dream the Night Away begins in just 10 minutes. >> Just 10 minutes. >> So, it's going to be um 10 minutes because it'll take it 5 minutes to get here. That's why. Ghost stories with Josh. There you go. Oh my gosh. That's what just what I need is another channel. Like I need a hole in the head. No, just kidding. I love that idea though. It's so funny. We do have I do have two channels though. Actually, three. We don't do the third one much anymore, but I have my 24/7 channel. So, go subscribe to Resort TV 247. You're going to see so many great uh so many great streams all day long. You'll see some relaxing strolls. Uh Resort TV 24/7. It's 24-hour relaxing strolls. No talking at all. Just Disney vibes all day and all night long. Resort TV 247. You're gonna love it. Oh, it's funny. It's in Adventure Land right now. There's my 247 channel. There's people in there. >> So, yeah. Go check out Resort TV 247. I'll send you there after this stream is over. I also have Retro TV1 Tech if you want to find out about all of the coolest retro computers and video game consoles. We got some awesome stuff coming up on that as well. And Jenna has Adventures with Jenna and Dale. All the good channels. And then we also have Resort TV Homes. We don't post on that as much anymore. But yeah, you guys definitely are in for a treat. My ride my 24-hour ride stream is coming soon, too. All the rides, all the time. Yeah, the 24-hour ride stream is going to be fun. Ghost stories with Josh is a good name for it. Depending on what you find, some of it's just good and interesting. Yeah, I've never done that. Can't wait for the rides when the kids are going to go nuts with it, too. Yeah, and it's going to be I've got so many videos of rides. Some of them I'm I'm going to have to extract off of live streams. Yeah. >> Okay. Spring call. She's like, "Oh, Starbucks. I thought that John should be getting his cookie." I said, "Not yet. Not yet." >> No, we got to wait till the park's closed. >> I guess their group has a 10:00 curfew. >> Oh, okay. That makes sense. Uh Josh, I know you can name all seven doors, but can you name each of the 999 ghosts in Haunted Mansion? No. >> There's Bill. >> There's Joe. >> Yeah. >> Maurice. >> Daryl. his other brother Daryl. His other brother Daryl. >> We can do that 999 times. Just like 999 beer on the wall. >> Count, >> right? Got to count it. Finley heard you and said sh. I love it. She says sh. >> All right. So, technically this doesn't it starts at 10:00, but it'll get here at about 10:05. So, actually you'll hear these are two different zones. You'll hear this zone start first. >> The music >> forward to the show. Oh, it's so the music's so good in person. Hi. >> Quick safety spiel, all that jazz. Um, white ropes to stay behind the entire duration of the parade. No going under, over, unclipping it or pulling on stuff like that. At the very end of the parade, once that white rope comes down, it's currently down, but it will go up in a moment. Once it comes down, you can exit there, but you do also have those pathways in the back leading to Haunted Mansion or Frontier Land. Uh, and then just no flash of any kind, including photos, videos, or flashes. And that's all. >> Thank you so much. >> Absolutely. Yes, I've been in Hall of Presidents. Um, I haven't gone lately. I don't know that I can stomach it right now, but like we'll we'll get there. We'll get there eventually. >> You know, is it me or does the park have two totally different vibes day and night? >> It does. Absolutely. >> It's almost like it's a two totally different places. >> Yes. >> The other one I haven't done for a while is uh America American Adventure. I miss that show. >> Such a great show. I love that song. >> I also like the two brothers part. >> Two brothers on their way. Two brothers. >> Have you ever heard um you've you've seen the Ken Burns documentary, right? Civil War. >> Uh no. I saw the jazz one. I haven't seen the Civil War one. >> So there's a there's a musical piece called the Shoken Farewell. Have you heard it? >> No. Oh, >> it's fantastic. >> I've heard of it. I haven't heard it. >> It's really great. It's a fiddle and guitar. like a cl acoustic guitar. >> I think you'd enjoy it. >> Beautiful piece. >> So, I've got to ask you, have you ever had a Donald moment from Philar Magic when you're conducting where you're trying to get everything and everyone's playing separately? They're just following along. >> No, they know better than that. Well, that's the that's the intro. >> Oh, you can't really hear this zone over there. That's cool. I love how the lights go off here. Ready? And >> boom. So stress right now. p.m. This way, not to the left. It's my favorite part. >> Hello, stargazers. It's almost time to wish upon a star. In just a few minutes, Disney Starlight Dream the Night Away will begin to fully immerse you in the experience. The lighting around the Magic Kingdom will be reduced. For your safety and the safety of those around you, we ask that you remain in the same location until the lighting returns to normal. Thank you. >> Yes, it's really less crowded. >> Dave says I can chase it back to Main Street. Yeah, we'll see. >> Someone asked about Peter Pan. >> Do what? >> Someone asked about Peter Pan. >> Oh, we could jump to Peter Pan right after this. Let's see what the wait time is right now. 35 minutes. If it drops a little bit, I might think about it. >> Is this direction change permanent? I don't know. Usually it is both both starting from Main Street. So, who knows? >> Didn't Spectro used to go one way and the other way. >> That's a I think Spectro did used to change directions >> cuz I could have sworn one year I saw it coming from Main Street. My memor is already used to it. >> Just like butterflies, not what they used to be. That's that Jungle Cruise joke. >> 12 in to a whopping one foot. >> That's right. >> Oh, Tiana's back up. >> Is it? >> Yep. I see the lights going on inside there. Oh yeah. Yep. There. There it goes. Think Starlight may go the opposite way cuz how often it's close to fireworks. It could be actually. Um they used to have it at 11:00 at 10:30 or 11:00. So now it's pretty close to fireworks. So I imagine they want to make sure that Main Street's totally clear. I bet they have to start it this way cuz if they went 10:00, Main Street wouldn't be It would be hard to clear Main Street at 10:00, I think. normally start from here. >> Um, no. This is this is the first couple times it's done that. >> So, it normally starts Main Street >> both times >> by the fire station. >> Yeah. Yep. All right. Here we go, guys. About 1 minute till we're going to hear the fanf fair here in a second. I hope you guys enjoy the parade. It's one of my favorites. >> Yeah, it must be about helping crowd flow. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Good evening everyone. Welcome to this wonderful night. Did you know that when a star is born, they possess a gift or two? One of them is this. They have the power to make a dream come true. So come with us now as we go on a magical journey through the stars and dream the night away. Good evening, dear friends. Come with me on a magical journey kissed by starlight. By virtue of starlight and all that is good, may each and every one of your dreams come true. Do as dreamers do and wish upon a star. Too far down. We got to go down just a little bit. Welcome on this journey through the stars where anything is possible and your most cherished dreams come true. part of the coordinated the stars. They're so inspiring. My father always said that we're connected to the stars. And we are. From way up here, it's almost like we're part of the sky. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. I see I see families, dozens of them standing together and they're they're staring at me. But why? It's getting fire. Starlight. Can you see it too? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Tonight is all about you scared Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Follow with the stars as your guide. You will find your heart to where your Heat. Heat. Thanks for the tape. Oh, I can't believe they're above the rooftops. How wonderful here. The street lamps look like stars. >> Payton, do you think all those people can hear us? >> Only one way to find out. Hello. There it is. One me start to the right and straight on till Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Gosh, have you ever seen a star sparkle like this before? >> Oh, it's so magical. >> Come on, everybody. Wish Heat. Heat. Oh boy. The train ride through the stars with all our friends. >> It's like we're on a shooting star. There's so many stars to wish upon tonight. Everybody wish upon a star. Look at our house. >> Oh, Mickey. They kissed us >> just like us. >> It's a dream. >> So, my favorite part, too, besides the beginning, there's this closing fanf fair that happens in a second. >> The closing fan fair to the parade is so good. Like there's So once the parade gets so far, it'll do a closing music here. And it's so good. It's so loud. What do you think so far? >> It's a good parade. >> They definitely remember Spectra. >> What? >> Close emote Spectra. >> Oh, they do for sure. >> Oh, thanks. Thanks, Mr. 30 minutes. I was just looking at that. >> All right, here we go, guys. Yeah. Such a good brain. >> First is enormous. >> Oh, it's so Yeah. So cool. >> You know what it reminds me of? It reminds me of the Sherivore. >> Oh, yeah. You're right. >> Because of just like the height on it. >> It's a big Yeah, that's that was a cool float. Turnabog. Yeah. I love that part, too. When the when the whole whimsy turns blue. That's very spectro, too. When everything turns color. Oh, look at the castle spotlights, too. Here we go. Right here. Heat up here. It's a great I forgot the word tag. That's a great tag. Such a cool little tag. >> Progression where it goes. >> It's It's like >> It's four and then Horizons and Space Mountain. >> Oh, it does, >> right? It's a I think it's a sharp It's a sharp four. The baseline goes to four sharp four and then five. So I'm pretty sure it's a secondary. >> What's that? >> When you're walking through the queue in Space Mountain, you hear thatum almost right. >> Yes. >> Like I'm not I'm not having a fever dream. >> No, I'm pretty sure it's the same. I could be totally wrong, but it sounds to me like the baseline goes four sharp four five, which would be a if you're if you know music theory, it'll be a five of five, which is a five chord in the five key, right? >> And that's pretty common, but I don't know where it goes from there. You know, the interesting thing is I bet you that that produces about onetenth of the energy that Spectro used to become. >> Oh, I'm sure. LEDs. Yeah, there otherwise they were they were incandescent bulbs on that thing. >> They still made Spectra work though. We got to figure out what to do next. Let's see. Is there any rides you guys wanted to ride tonight? Cuz you guys any rides any rides you wanted to do in the last little bit here? Like you guys didn't get to do Pirates yet or Haunted Mansion. Okay, so we've got time. We got 37 minutes till the park closes. Peter Ban's a little long at 30 minutes, but um Pirates is a walk-on. >> Yeah, let's do Pirates. Oh, no. But you guys didn't. I'm happy to do it again. Okay. I don't know what it is about this ending. It's so magical. I love it so much. It's really neat. Was surely needed. Let's see if we can hear the ending here. Let's do the marching band ending there. and down. Got to throw the instrument down. All right, let's go do pirates. Um, >> carpedium. >> Yes, carpetium >> or carpet. >> Carpet deal. >> You know, low pile. >> All the all the different kinds. Why not? >> Shag. >> It's funny because my brain is telling me it might not be a sharp four, but like there's something it's something that's it's something that's not in the key that leads to something that is back in the key. It's a sharp >> I know what you're talking about. that goes to that. But I got to get on a piano to really check it because it doesn't sound like it comes from four now. That's the last time I sang I was like, I don't think that's four. >> I don't know. >> Where's some We need someone. Does any of any of the hoppers have perfect pitch? >> Yeah, I know. >> And there's no sheet music for it anywhere. I looked it up, so I I could just analyze it at that point. Let's see. >> It's that that one transition. >> Oh, here we go. >> Let's see if this is it. This is a space map. >> It's not like exact, but there's like there's like >> the that one's not >> the melodic progression is there's some similarity somewhere, but I think it's more Horizon zone. >> Yeah. >> And that still plays. That's original Space Mountain and it still plays in there. I think in Space Mountain it's more the trumpet and it's more the melody than it is the harmony >> horizon had the closer progression right >> yeah I'd have to find it neat but it was sorely missed >> oh for sure >> nighttime parade >> yeah I'm so glad it's back it's not as long but they can always add stuff to it and I think it's very solid I I honestly >> I don't have any complaints about it makes me smile every single time >> if I had >> I love that parade >> if I had budget what I would do is >> the one thing Spectro had that they could they could do here, but not expensive. Yeah. >> Is have more street level performers that were characters. >> Oh, more characters. Yeah, I agree. So they could >> street level >> so they could take some more >> take the uh well any any costume character, put lights on them. >> Yep. >> Like they used to have with Chip and Dale and the lights on the costumes. Have some walking characters with lights on them >> like uh what you call scene. >> My son has perfect pitch. That's awesome. Mary. Oh yeah, >> some of their characters like Mama Emldda or >> Yeah. >> the other guy just walking around >> or even some of the main like the you know I know a lot of the main characters are on whimsy but any characters that are not on whimsy. >> Yeah. >> Have some throughout the parade just walking. >> Grumpy some of the dwarves. Right. >> Dwarfs. Yeah. Any of them. >> That's the only thing if I had budget what I would do. >> Yeah. And that like you said that wouldn't be expensive. They just need some characters with some lights on the costumes >> and the dancers. I would double the amount of dancers. >> Yeah. Well, of course that's expensive because you got to pay people. But yeah, >> pay scale. >> But if you had four, I'd go to eight. >> Yeah. Oh, for sure. >> Because you can tell the difference in, for example, the Halloween party when you have all those couples dancing. >> Oh, there's so many people. >> It's It's really full. >> The other thing you could do is have little ground floats like the little turtles that used to run through Spectro Magic >> and the balls that would spin around. >> They those those little clowns would ride the balls. >> Yep. >> All right, guys. Let me switch. Um I'm going to very quickly switch to uh my pirates connection and I'll be right back. And we're back. I told you we'd be fast and we are. >> You have perfect pitch. That's cool. Sometimes I wish I did, but I think out of tune notes would definitely make would definitely bother me more if I had perfect pitch than they do now even. If you can dream it, then you can do it. Yes, you can. Yes, you can. I'll come to you. Still trying to figure out the >> No, no. Okay. So, it's it's >> it's the part where they Yeah, it's the part where they sing Horizons, where dreams do come true. It's a I can't sing it with on the right pitch right now, but it's it it's not even the melody. It's the chord progression, and it's very similar. >> It's you know when you know when I hear it, remember when you would go through the scene where there would be no scenery, but only the lights that would change. >> Oh, yeah. >> Against the wall. >> Yep. >> Wasn't it then? >> It Well, that progression goes through the whole ride. >> The underliner is pretty much the same progression the whole time. Got it. But there is that it's it's a little transition piece. It's not it's not in the main verse of the song. Anyway, yeah, this is definitely a walk-on. I love walking through this queue with no people. >> Smells so good, too. >> Yeah. Smells just like my candle. >> Yes. Oh, you got a pirates candle? >> Yeah. I have to supplement the trip. >> Why not? >> You guys good? >> Yeah. >> Okay. Mama had a marine that she wore. >> Yeah. >> Didn't make it. >> That's two or three. >> Only there's only one. >> If you had your two drinking a lot when you >> Maybe the second. >> So Tank did not fly in the fireworks, but she did march or walk in the parade. It was cool to see Tank the parade. >> Yeah. >> So this is Pirates of the Caribbean. We're going to go on it. We went on it earlier, but Dave and Gia didn't get to do it. And so here we are. California. >> Yep. >> Right here. >> Uh three head down this way. >> Let me out of the gate. >> Yeah. I love the cute music of Pirates, too. >> Are you ready to board the Black Pearl? >> Of course. How about you? Are you ready to board the black girl? >> No. >> I know. We did not have light up shoes. >> No, not me. >> Only thing we have was Velcro. >> She's totally mesmerized by it. >> His first Disney light up toy. >> What is it? >> His first Disney light up toy. >> Well, that's a pretty good one. When we were kids, they they like, you know, they had the little like glow necklaces and that was the coolest thing ever. >> They had the Do you remember the little things? They were like gyroscopes and things come up and >> I never I Yes, I know what they were, but I never got one of those. >> I probably would have passed out. Yes, I remember I had soy. >> They used to have water coming out of this fountain. I remember that. >> This is the coolest little area. Like I'd love to just like grab a drink and just sit up on the balcony. >> What's that? >> He was looking at me. I saw that. >> All right, guys. Pirates. And then we'll see what the weight times are. We may we may we may be done after this. We may not. We'll see. What's your favorite nighttime ride, everybody? How many my friend >> three Can we ask is it okay if we wait for the back row? >> Take a step to the side here. >> It's nice in the back row sometimes when you don't have anybody behind you. >> Then we won't get wet. >> Six is okay. >> Take number six. >> Thank you. >> Yeah. So that way we're guaranteed not to get wet and also nobody talking behind us. It's one of my pet peeves in this ride is somebody just talking the whole time behind me. >> Yes. >> And when there's nobody behind me, it's much better. >> We hit We hit 100,000 subscribers right behind those cannons. >> We hit 100,000 right behind those cannons. >> Really? >> Yep. >> Like in the queue back there, you know, >> I remember that happened too in Mexico. >> Oh, yeah. >> Where there were those >> the what? >> A couple of people that were just >> Yeah. talking >> load from loading queue all the way to disembarkation. >> Yep, >> man. >> Oh, no. You guys go first. I'll be on the left. We have a new We have a new uh Sith Lord. Dark Darth Bolivia. >> Nice. >> Tron is 110 minutes right now. >> What is >> Tron is 110 minutes. >> Wow. >> It's a long wait. >> Yep. >> Thunder Mountain. Yeah, Thunder Mountain not open right now, but I'll I'll be excited to ride it when it does open for sure. Oh, I guess we could do Jungle Cruise after this. We haven't done that today, and it's only 10 minutes. Maybe that'd be a good last ride. >> There we go. Jungle Cruise after this. It's only 10 minutes >> and then we'll probably call it a night after that and we'll we'll get our we'll get our food and get going here. There we go. >> Oh, yep. That's definitely wet. >> Your bag's going to get wet. Okay. >> Oh, it was really good. Really good one. >> Oh. Oh, you won't wave. It's my fault. All right, that secondhand Heat. Heat. There heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Surren you surrender captain will burn to the ground. Oh man. >> Oh no. >> Direct hit. >> Oh no. I got off. >> I am no chicken. anyone in action. >> Quit your clock. I definitely want the round. Don't you >> scurvy skunk? Do I hear 10? A h for a 10. America. But my heart pretty bad. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. understand. really shiny. I humbly accept. I raise a toast to see rest. Okay, that was awesome. And now last ride of the night. >> Jungle cruise. We're going to cruise the jungle >> on a boat. The seas behind. The faith has spoken and guided you well. >> Until we meet again. >> All right, go cruise the jungle. One of the shirts over there says the beatings will continue until morale improves. >> It's a great day. Great day so far. Let me switch the connection back and I'll be back in like a few seconds. And we're back. >> Told you it wouldn't be long. Been watching all day. Thanks so much, Josh, for doing this, Hannah. You're very welcome. I know it takes a ton of energy. It does, but it's super fun. I haven't done it for a while, and uh it's great. I enjoyed it a lot. Must not be your group because their group had to be back at 10:00. I guess I saw a group of teenagers running at me and I was like, I wonder if Nope, not Issa. >> Cruising the jungle at night. What could go wrong? >> Yeah. So then they're getting back on the bus and going back to the hotel. >> Yeah, >> cuz she had to get out of the Starbucks um line. >> Oh, she couldn't get it. So um what time do they perform tomorrow? >> 4 at Disney Springs. >> Yes. Yeah, we'll be there. >> Hoping Steph can come with me, too. She's She's going to try if she feels like. Otherwise, I'll just bring Liam. >> That's okay. I I told her I texted her earlier. >> Okay. >> Um >> I know she'd like to. >> I hope that we can see each other. I said, "Yeah." >> Yeah. She mentioned something about dinner, so it's up to you guys. >> No. Well, we'll we'll we can try and do dinner after the show for sure. >> Yeah. >> Well, then Liam and I will come. Liam Liam wants to Liam wants to see it and he'll want to hang out. Liam loves the Disney Springs. So, and we won't be streaming that tomorrow, guys. But we'll be all right. I'm gonna Here, turn to the left so we don't get wet. Apparently, you can get wet in the back of the pirates boat. >> Who knew? >> Over my shoulder from behind us. >> Yeah, it was like a wave of water. >> Ma in the chat was like, "What was that about not getting wet?" >> Yeah, that was crazy. >> Whoopsie. So, you got it from the back of the >> It's all right. >> Well, it depends on when the on those little cannonball things. It depends on how the timing is, but yeah, it was definitely uh not in our favor that time. >> No. >> Okay. Hello. Thank you. >> Yeah, I love this late nights. Most people have left and it's like you just get the whole park to yourself. All right. >> Oh my gosh. >> Wait, are we going to have our own boat? >> How many do we have? >> Three. >> Right this way. Okay. >> Okay. >> Us two. >> Hi guys. >> Hi. >> Three. >> Wait a second. Okay. in charge. >> Okay, >> in charge. >> I don't have a brain at this hour. >> I sleepy. >> Okay, come on down and to the right, y'all. Watch your head. Watch your >> step. Watch your head. Watch your step. >> Hi, everybody. >> Hi. >> Today, >> I was going to say there's a fairly wide selection of seats. I love it. >> Everybody, watch your head. Watch your step. Use the handrails. You come all the way down, my friend. right here for me. >> Hi, neighbor. Watch your head. Watch yourself. Use those handbags. >> Excuse me, sir. You have something goofy on your head. >> Excuse me, sir. You have something goofy on your head. Yeah. >> You don't got a treat. >> Yes. >> All righty, everybody. Uh, please remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs and side by side at all times. Uh, parents, supervise your children. There's so many children on the floor today. Wow. All right, my friends. Goodbye to the Skippers over there. Bye, Skip. See you. I work with them. See you later. Hi. The next three months or so. All right, my friends. My name is Skipper Camille. That's first name. Skipper, last name. Camille is a family name. and welcome to the world famous jungle crew where we are world famous for being famous around the world. Yeah, you heard it here folks. Now we're home to the Amazon rainforest home to the Amazon River where it rains 365 days a year. Now folks, I'm no mathematician, but that is almost crazy every day. Wow. Crazy. Um I behind inspiration rock. People often ask me, Skipper, why on earth is it called inspiration? And I tell them that it's because we inspire uh usually sensible people to travel deeper and deeper into the jungle. Everybody say >> everybody. >> Everybody say, "Skipper Camille, you're doing amazing." >> Skipper Camille, you're doing amazing. >> Oh my goodness. Thank you. That was inspiration if I've ever heard it. Now my boats are heading to the Congo River. We're going to see how far this boat can go. Oh, up ahead we have our boat restful shot, but it seems to be abandoned. Yeah, I cannot see anybody canoe. Um, let's have a birthday tonight. If you're hungry for the colon for a quick fight, but if you're not hungry for breakfast, we do have our steak. Surprise. Surprise. Python. They love to be 24 ft. You don't want them to get a crush on you this Valentine's Day. It's a pretty constructing relationship. Oh my goodness. Lots of things happening up here. Oh man. Oh my goodness. Look what they did to my Jeep. We left the lights on. Oh my goodness. I'm never going to turn over to the Nile River. The longest river. 10 miles. 10 miles. And if you don't believe the rainbow, we're going to go and I get some time to do this. Okay. Now, guys, we have an African girl friend up here. I'm talking memory in the jungle. I sure wish I had a memory like that. It would really help me with my job. Oh, an African memory. I sure wish I had a memory like that. It would really help me with my job. Now, folks, we call upon the African doll. Don't worry, it holds up the African pants. I know you were wondering. Um, and the African is home to a variety of different species. All of which I know the names of. So, we have the bearded horsey. Uh, we have the long neck horsey up there. These are the scientific names, folks. Uh, orange horses over there. Oh my goodness. Oh no. Okay, so don't worry. That is just a line of lions protecting that sleeping striped horsey. Yuck. That horse is dead. Tired. Omega gracious. Yeah. In pieces. Oh no. Well, the jungle was happening here. Oh my goodness gracious. But the guy on the bottom of the quote unquote that is my coworker still. And it's his first day on the job. And you know where I know what I know that they do these waters infested with alligators. But don't worry, they're festive crocodiles, huh? So, we have our resident crocodile to the left, the big one, her name is smile, and the one on his right, but he really looks. Yeah, she's one cookie. That's probably the jokes for all his work. >> Now, my friends at all. Oh, and the waterfall. the waterfall here the old waterfall that is white ball named after our founder uh explorer Dr. Alberta. Um, people often ask me, Skipper, can you have your land to go like this? Well, I think it's pretty funny to see. I took a crash course. Yeah, but now I'm just wigging it. So, my numbers are headed to paper territory. I hope you bought your marbles cuz they're all hungry. Hungry. Um, don't worry though. I know just how to scare them off just like my ex-boyfriend. Watch carefully. I love you. >> I want to commit. >> She her birthday sounds just like her ex-boyfriend. I love Valentine's Day. They often uh call me on my job. So if you think I'm looking to get you well, you know, those are tips. So I would love to explain the difference to you, but it's kind of a long tail. Um, I'm a happy two and they are catching butterflies which is so sweet. People butterflies are not what they used to be. So, right. All righty, everybody. I know why you're here. This is the moment you have been reading the world. Okay. This is the marvelous wonder of the world. It's the back side of it. Okay. I don't know how about it later. Now, folks, you know, we're trying to hang your head on the faucet. Don't ask me how I got your head on river and I don't know if we took a long turn or something, but this may hurt me nervous. Yeah. Looks like we're headed into this temple. I'm not totally sure what we're going to see. I've never been in here before. So, I need you guys to keep your eyes open. I'm going to shut mine. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my goodness. Um, I did forget to take a head count before we went in there, though. So, anybody got here? I know they love it. Now, folks, look at those elephants. Uh, these are very good friends, but do not worry. They have their chunks on. You can take all the pictures you want. Uh, let's talk about elephants and her best memory in the jungle. I sure wish I had a memory. It would really help me with my job. Oh my goodness, guys. Look how sweet. There is a baby elephant playing under a full moon. You don't see that every day. That is so sweet. Now look, we're going to put some spraying elephants. Don't worry, they shouldn't get up cuz they're only spray on those that end in Y. So, uh-oh, duck. Goose got you. Don't worry about the spray. That's just a bit of dry humor for you. Uh now my friends, we're starting upon one of the um most dangerous parts of our journey, the return to civilization. Yes. Um but before we get there, if you lost anything along the way, do not worry cuz we have a lot Wait, what does that say? Oh, our gift shop. Oh, yeah. They changed that on me. It's our gift shop now. Uh you can find items just like the ones you lost for five times the price. Sounds about a steal. Oh, look. Those two uh monkeys are having a boxing match. come to sleep. I like an elephant. Fun fact about elephants. I have the best friendly. I sure wish I had a memory like that. Really help me with my job. All righty, folks. As we head back to our dock, please remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the bed. Parents, keep supervising your children. Uh now, my friends, this is making me recall it's time my 18th birthday to be specific. Yeah. When my mom said to me, "Skipper Camille," and I said, "Yes, Skipper, mom, it's a family day." >> Watch your elbow right there. Perfect. >> Skipper Camille, I love you. We're almost like a daughter. Almost. But you know, Charlie, so you know, your free ride is almost over. So, I need you to pack up your personal belongings and get out. Bye, everybody. Outstanding. I need you out on the side. Awesome. >> All right. >> Wait. So guys, you got to you got to let me know. Did we get through the tunnel of lag with no lag? >> I think we did. It was potato mode, but I think we got through the tunnel of lag with no lag. >> I love that park. >> And the park is now closed. >> Yeah, the boyfriend. That was so funny. >> Have the best memory. Really help with my job. >> Yeah, that's a good one. Very good. >> Oh man, no lag in the tunnel. Wow, it's only happened a couple times. That's pretty cool. I mean, you have to be in potato mode. That's like a given. But usually, even in potato mode, it still lags. So, the fact that it didn't pretty special. It's pretty awesome. The signal was really strong when we went in there. I was like, "Oo, the force is strong with this one. We might make it through." >> All right, I'm going to stop in the restroom really quick here and then we'll go get food. >> Okay. >> Casey's and Cookies. >> Caseies and Cookies. >> That's the That's the deal. >> You call the tunnel lag the Shirley Temple. Oh, I love that. Yes, I've heard about that. This is Shirley's Temple. Yeah. Park closed. Yep. >> So, we've been I've been streaming for 14 hours now. >> It's 11:00. So, I will be right back. I'll hand the hand the people to David. You're wondering. >> Okie dokie's. >> Yep. Park's closed. Moose out front. Should have told you. Oh, they do. >> Well, they used to like Kind of amazing how boisterous and crowded and everything it was during the day and now it's really quiet. Neat. on behalf of Josh. You're welcome, Aaron. He's trying to >> Yeah, you can hear all the sounds. Once we get closer, I'll just 4. >> What? Scan the list. Put this in your vlog. >> All right. How we doing? >> Little panorama. >> Oh, good. >> Little 360 action. >> Oh, the uh the gimbal battery is almost dead. Hey, how are you? >> Well, the gimbal battery the gimbal made it 14 hours. That's pretty good, honestly. >> All right, guys. Give me a second. I'm going to have to plug the gimbal in. >> You want me to hold it while I get you back? >> Think I got it. Thank you, though. >> Think I got it. I just got to get the battery out here. >> It's an amazing juxiposition with how boisterous and noisy and busy it was. >> Oh, I know. >> To just pin drop. >> Yeah. Crazy quiet, calm back here. >> Okay, we've got 25 minutes to achieve food. So, how do we want to do this? >> Maybe I can bribe my wife to go get us the cookies in Starbucks. >> I can I was going to say or I can go get them. Do you what would you like? Would you want a Starbucks or do you want to sit as soon as you can? >> I can go get the Starbucks if you want to get the cases. >> Which one do you want? Or do you want the first? Why don't we go and get a seat? I'll get the hot dogs. You want to get >> I'll get the cookies. Yeah. Does do all both of you want a cookie? I'll get three. >> Cookie. >> Um, no. >> You're going to have a hot dog instead? >> Yes. >> Okay. Brave. You have your tag? >> Yes. >> Okay. >> All right, guys. We are going to stay live because why not? It's a long day. >> Hot dog with fries. >> Yep. >> Regular. Not the Not the long. >> Just the regular. Yeah. Do you want any Do you want anything at Starbucks except the cookie? >> Thank you. >> Okay. You want one for later? >> Thanks. >> Okay. So, just one. >> Just one. >> All right. J, are you sure? No cookie for you? >> Okay. Do you want water? I can get you another water if you need one. Do you I have >> I'll get water from you. >> We'll get a water from you. >> Okay. I'm happy to buy you a bottle for sure, too. >> Easy peasy. >> I've got my nuts for later. >> Okay. >> I bought my peacons. >> Sorry. >> Yeah. No, I meant peacons. Sorry. >> Yes. Yes. >> I should have said I have my peacons for later. >> You do. >> I caramelized peacons. Whoops. >> Rewind. >> Scratch that. Reverse it. >> So little time. Reverse it. >> So little time, so much to do. So little time, so much No, wait. >> So much time, so little to do. That's what it is. >> Reverse. >> Reverse it. >> Yeah. You know you've been streaming a while when the gimbal starts to run out of battery. >> Like, let me go. I've been to Club 33. >> I'm not Kota though. >> I've been to the one at Disneyland and the one also at >> um what? >> Cheese. No cheese. >> No cheese. No cheese on the fries. Regular fries. Regular hot dog. No cheese, please. All right. I will be right. Mommy, you're in charge of the table. >> Um, and I'll I'll get my Coke at Starbucks here, so you don't have to worry about Just Just get me the hot dog. I'll get my own drink. >> Do you want to? >> Uh, let's look. Let's look. Actually, can we can we go over there with a better castle view? >> Right in the corner. >> Yeah, let's do that. Let's do that. >> All right. Mama, you want a hot dog? You want fries? >> Yeah. >> All right. Do you want um do you want me to get you a drink over there or you going to get one at Okay. All right. I'm just going to get a bottle of Coke with my cookies so that way it'll be easier to carry out. >> So, Yep. All right. I'll see you in a bit. >> I think you can just order regular at this point. the next one down. I saw it in a restaurant. >> Yeah. All the streams stay up and even if they c even if they get copyrighted, we we fight the we fight the man. We usually win. We usually beat the man. Excuse me. All right, here we go. Give me just a second. >> All right, let's see. >> Have a good night, guys. Yeah, if you guys have to go to bed, I totally understand. But we're we're doing all day today. So, the park is now closed. It's 11:09. It closed at 11:00. So, we are um no more rides tonight, but we've got some good food coming up. We actually never had a regular dinner. Beacon Barrel was good. Uh I It's not It's not really like a whole dinner, but it was very good. So, it'll be good to have a a dinner tonight. >> Fireworks were great. You can rewind if you want to see them. have to unplug this battery for a second tomato charged up really fast. I don't know if they'll still make it for us so late. >> How do you highlight the names? Um, on a mobile device, you can't Well, you can, but you have to type out the whole name. Uh, you have to be on a um a computer. The computer is the only device that will allow you to just you can hit the at and then type the first couple letters of somebody's name and it will it will um autocomplete, but only on the regular like a computer browser. On a phone, you can put the app, but it won't tag the name unless you um you just have to type it all out. nothing else. >> Epic day. Thank you for doing this and hopefully more in the future. Yeah, we're going to do more of these. It's It's easier for me when I have a 4-day weekend, but like this. But yeah, we do need to do more of these. It was fun. And I actually do want to do an all day at Epcot. I think that would be super cool. It wouldn't be It won't be as popular, but it'll be cool. >> Hello. This and uh two chocolate chip cookies, please. >> Josh, and go and have those cookies warmed, please. All right. >> Uh, do the debit card. Thank you. >> All right. There we go. >> Crazy crazy day. Jacqueline Morgan $4.99 super chat. Thank you Jacqueline. Appreciate that very much. >> Benjamin, you might want to get yourself a hot dog and a cookie and a Coke. Hey, do it. It's >> the way to go. >> Oh, YouTube wasn't wasn't being nice. It wouldn't send your message with the super chat. Well, here. I'll read it anyway. Wanted to say thank you for an incredible day, Josh. This has been an amazing day. Cookie on me. Well, Jacqueline, thank you. Sorry YouTube was being a pain, but I read your message anyway, so it worked out. But thank you, Jacqueline, for the super chat, and thank you for uh helping me out with the cookie as well. That's awesome. all day stream at Epcot would be cool. We'll do as many of the movies and stuff as we possibly can. I think that'd be super cool. >> So far today, about 55,000 views on the two streams. It's pretty cool. It's a good day, >> especially with a lot of other people live. >> A ton of people live today, but we have a great audience that always supports us no matter what. So, thank you for being awesome, for watching us. No matter there's so many things to watch, you know, Olympics, other streams, other YouTube, Valentine's Day, didn't matter. you guys were still here and I appreciate it so much. Happy Valentine's Day. >> And if you're watching the replay because you're out doing Valentine's Day stuff, well, I hope you had a great time for sure. Thank you, too. Uh Hannah Payeyton $10 super chat. Thank you so much for today and for everything you and Jenna do. These streams are always one of the best parts of my week. Thank you so much, Hannah. Let me get the cookies here. All right, they got my name right. That's pretty awesome. Okay. All right, so here we go. Thank you, Hannah. Well, I'm so glad you enjoy the streams and I'm so glad you enjoyed today. That is awesome. Thank you for the super chat. And then we have uh Car Crush Club. Car Crash Club. Uh $4.99. Great job today, Jish and Ralph. We appreciate you. Thank you, Car Crash Club. Hey, they got my name right today. But I appreciate you reminding us of the funny times we had in the Starbucks. So, thank you so much, Car Crash and Hannah. Very awesome. You guys are the best. Don't give us. >> All right, let's go find our seat. >> Get a nice little castle view here. >> I bet the Montreal is really busy anyway, so it'll be good just to hang out and chill for a little while and not have to try and fight fight the crowd. We do not want to fight the crowd. All right, let's go find our seat. Excuse me. >> Okay. >> Ah, good job. >> All right. I got to do cookies. >> That's awesome. Thank you. >> All right. Yeah, for sure. At least I could do. >> Okay. >> You sure you didn't want one? Okay. >> Yeah. Bryce, happy Valentine's Day. Give me just a second. I'm going to set you guys down. I'm going to probably plug in the stream one more time. Be my last the last time plugging in the stream. >> There's a castle there. I promise you can see it. It's fine. It's there. >> All right. we have here. >> You did great today. Please give our best to Jenna. Like you, she's totally awesome. Thank you, Mark. I appreciate that. >> She is indeed. See if I can get my cord out and plug in the battery for a few more minutes here. See? Too many cords in there. >> Now the question is which one is which? I found the short one. >> You know what? I'll use the short one. Grab napkins. >> Yeah, go for it. >> I'll be right back. Okay, thanks for staying with us for the uh the eating part of the stream. Yeah, plug in my battery one last time. Luckily, all the tech worked pretty well today. There we go. Now, this battery still got half the capacity left. That's pretty awesome. You're making a video about a new restaurant you're going to. That's cool. >> Those are always fun. And stay tuned. We're going to switch over to the 24/7 uh channel stream pretty soon. You don't want to miss it. Yeah, we watch fireworks on this stream. You can actually rewind if you want to see them. >> I know it's not the best castle view, but it's there, too. >> Oh, thanks. Yeah, I'll probably have to go grab some mustard here in a minute, too. >> Oh, you want to just just try a little yellow mustard? >> Yes, please. >> Okay. >> Like four or five. >> Okay. >> Oh, we got another um Wait, did I did I miss that earlier? Oh, I did. I'm so sorry. Uh Stephen Steven sent us a PayPal. A $20 PayPal from Stephen. Thanks for the great day, Josh. Can't wait for the fireworks. Sorry, Stephen. I didn't get a notification on that one, but I saw in my email. So, Stephen, thank you so much for the uh $20 PayPal. I'm very sorry I missed it earlier. It's totally my bad. >> But thank you, Stephen. >> There you go. >> Thank you very much. >> You're welcome. >> Yeah, that's all right. Ah. >> Oh, the the >> No, Artist Studios. Uh, we said we were going we were going to stream the fireworks. Um, but we uh we didn't stream the parade, the the first parade. We streamed the second parade. >> Yep. That's how we did it. But no, we we said the whole time we were going to do the fireworks. No, we always do fireworks. >> Last time I was here, we met Roman. >> Yes, I remember that. >> Here, I got it. There we go. Okay, showing the food. There you go, guys. >> Cuz we haven't eaten enough today. >> Hot dog. Hot dog. Hot diggity dog. >> One for you. >> One pua. >> Thank you, sir. Casey's Hot Dogs and Fries. >> Perfect. >> Hey, what's the address? >> And here is a cookie for you, sir. >> Thank you. >> They are warmed, >> but you know, I don't know how warm they'll be, >> but it's good either way. Okay, >> baby. What What time do the bus still run? We're not going to miss a lot of time. >> No, no. Don't wait till the last person's out of the park. >> Or I mean, I have a car. I can just take you there. >> Either way. >> Where you going? Saratoga. >> Mhm. >> Either way, you might get You actually might get back there faster on the bus because I'll have to go all the way out to TTC. But I'm happy to take you. Doesn't matter. >> Pool or a pond? Pond would be good for you. Can >> I check? >> Oh, okay. Okay. I was like, what? Yeah. was up to you. So, we'll see how it looks, but >> I'm happy to take you, but >> thank you. >> We'll have to go. >> We'll have to go all the way out to the TTC. >> That's okay. >> But just for future, it was a fun day. For future reference, um the buses will run until the last person's out of the park. >> It gets to the point where you aren't one of the last people there. There's like a bus there and there's like, "Where are you going?" And then they just take you there. It's like not even at the bus stop for your hotel. They're just like, "Saratoga, cool. But we're going there. Or they might even take a couple people to different places. But it's just like they call them like the cleanup. >> That actually happened to us once at Epcot many years ago. >> Oh yeah. >> But we ate really late. >> And you you rode the cleanup bus >> in Mexico. Yeah. Well, we were talking to some of the people in the restaurant. We were like the last ones there. We're having a good time talking to the manager and the servers. >> Oh yeah. >> You know, they didn't rush us out at all. >> That's nice. And then we walked out like we were literally >> back in the day when Yanni would play by the fountain. >> Oh yes, I remember that. >> Loved Yanni's fountain music. >> Mhm. >> That was another distinct smell when you were up top that fountain >> and the mist that you would get as you pass by. >> So good. Oh, those fries hit the spot. >> Like we we did we did eat today. We didn't have like a like the beacon barrel is wonderful. I don't think it's a substantial meal. >> No. So, keep that in mind. >> It's like a tapus almost. >> It's a it's a like an appetizer. It's a snack. >> It's totally worth it. Just don't don't plan Beacon Barrel as your meal. >> No. >> Same thing with like GO82. >> Yeah. It's not your meal. The menu for food is fairly limited. It's just a few the cool like appetizer plate type things or and desserts. Three things. Yeah. >> Just like the flatbread, right? Gio82. >> Oh, it's been very fun, guys. No more Kiss Good Night. No, we'd be watching that over and over again here. >> I I don't know why. >> Yeah, Animal Kingdom has Kiss Good Night, but not Magic Kingdom. That's great. We're talking about that the other night. But >> do you have a straw? >> Oh, well, plastic straws. >> Yeah. >> Disney fries are so good. They are. Yeah. And these ones are particularly good. Yep. Thanks, mama. Can't believe this battery. The two batteries I had. This one's still got half capacity. I plugged in the gimbal for like 5 minutes and it's already back to where it needs to be now. >> Really? >> Yeah. Well, I mean, it's only got one bar, but we're almost done. So, Stay tuned, guys. We'll send you over to the 247 channel here in a little bit. >> Coming up on 14 and a half hours of streaming. I don't know how you do it for 14 hours. It was It was challenging just for like the 5minute rest bit. >> What's that? >> It was challenging for the five minute rest bit at a time. I know. It happens. So, would you say it goes Spectro, Starlight, and then Main Street electric? >> Yeah, I'd say so. In order of your favorites? >> Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'd say so. Well, if tomorrow does a meet and greet >> when he takes over and he kills questions. >> Do what now? >> Kiss good night. If tomorrow takes if he does a meet and greet with the media. >> Oh yeah. And they need they need two things. They need to play the kiss good night on the castle >> and they also need to have a spaceship earth beacon of magic playing on the way out. I don't understand like it's like a one minute >> it's a one minute show. It doesn't keep people in there that much longer. People are going to take pictures of spaceship earth anyway. Leave people with a nice memory. They did it for a while and they just shut it off. >> Nobody can do long hours like music teachers. Yeah, that's true. >> Did they announce who's going to take over parks? No. >> We'll see how it all goes. I do think they need to do what I said, you know, lean more into creativity and stuff. >> Well, they that that other lady who was also up for CEO, they created a new position for her, president and something. I saw that she wants to look more into AI stuff, which I'm like, I don't think. But she said it's not to it's not to replace human creativity, it's to aid human creativity. So, I'm like, okay, I'm okay with that. As long as it's mostly just like timesaving stuff, not like actually having it create stuff. According to that video, that Olaf video, you know, where they've had the Olaf robot. >> Yeah. The AI like significantly helped them on the coding. Yeah. And saved tons and tons of time. I think that that's helpful if you can save time with AI. >> I've been using more more chat DBT just to help me with with monotonous tasks like that. >> That's a good hot dog. >> Oh yeah, it was very good. Wow. >> Delish. Thanks for staying with us, guys. cuz I know we're not doing anything exciting now, but we're going to end on Main Street in a little bit once we're done eating and head out. >> Where's the monster? Right there. >> There's no more there. >> No. Where's the most? Right there. >> Okay. Wait, wait, wait. I got one more. >> You got one more? >> There you go. Thank you. I mean, unless you want more than one. >> No. One's fine. >> One is enough for anyone. >> Everyone has had one. And one is enough for anyone. Do those tips I sent help out with AI? Yes. Yes. Thank you, Mr. Yeah, it did, actually. And I did pretty I did pretty well on some of the things. It's actually helped me with some of my school stuff, too. >> Really? Yeah. It was a great way to aggregate some of the IB knowledge because IB music is so weirdly graded. I got to find out like a little bit more about what the examiners were really looking for. Interesting. Even though the brochure says one thing, they're looking for something else. Really? Yep. >> It's a variation of what they said they were looking for, but it's not quite the same thing. So, I needed a little help. >> Oh, it's such a great day, guys. Best Valentine's Day ever, >> right, mama? >> Yeah. And an hour in the first aid clinic. not help me though. >> I've been reluctant to use it for work, so I'm concerned about the hallucinations. >> Yeah. No, I only I only use it for stuff I know I can verify. But when it told us what it when it told me what it was looking for on some of these papers, I was like, "That makes perfect sense." >> Was so exciting. And it kind of it kind of unlocked the hidden piece I'd been looking for because I was looking for it. I knew there was a hidden piece. And then when it said it, it was like, "Yes, that's absolutely what I was looking for." And the cool thing about it is it has access to every IB document that's ever been written. So, I was able to find it very well. >> And my phone. >> Wendy. Wendy says, "Thanks so much for today. It was a real good idea." For those wondering what a full day is like in the MK showed how much you can get done on a busy day. Yeah, today was super busy and we still did tons of stuff. I didn't do Tron. I didn't do Space Mountain. I didn't do Mine Train. >> But I did a lot deeper. hotel. >> So, they going to the parks in the morning and then going for their performance or goes straight to >> They're going to go >> rehearse. Okay. Those fries, they are yum. Oh my goodness. Goodness. Okay. I've never ever been to Jungle Cruise where you just walk straight on a boat. Yeah. We didn't even stop at all. >> No, >> that was the neatest thing. For a second, I thought we were going to be the only ones on the boat. >> I thought that, too. >> I was thinking, okay, we're the only ones on here. We got to really make sure that they feel like she feels our our support. >> I did my best with the uh >> you know. >> Yeah, >> she was kind of surprised by it. She's like, "What?" >> Yeah, she was good. She wasn't expecting She wasn't expecting a mimic, I don't think. >> She was also good at looking at the camera. >> She got right in the camera on the on the H2O thing. >> Yeah, go get some more. Oh, thank you. I was going to go get some more napkins here. I'll be right back. I'll go get some more. We're going to need more. Man, this hot dog is really good. >> It's better than tortilla. >> It was tonight. It was. You're 100% right. >> This soda is giant. I thought it was just a regular. >> I was going to ask you, why did you ask for large? >> I am. >> Huh? All size only. >> Yep. >> Wow. is enormous. >> There we go. Big pile of napkins. Yeah. >> Nope. Don't let him fall. There we go. I was like trying to get the chair to move. It just wants the tip forward. >> You're right. >> Yep. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. >> I can push you in if you need some help. >> Please. >> I need a little help. You had your your drink uh what two hours ago? Three hours ago. >> I was I was really impressed by that place. >> Oh yeah, it was very good. >> Barrel that was very very all the details. >> It was really really well done. >> Yeah, it's very good. One of my strong points as an environmental geologist was evaluating large sets of data, chemical analysis. AI may not do it better, but it's certainly much faster. Yeah, for sure. I think if you know your craft well enough to know if it's right or wrong, then you can say, "Wo, it did do that a lot faster." And yes, that's correct. I'm trying to convince Lisa to go look at Lyola Paramount in LA. >> Uh-huh. >> I might try to bribe her with a Disney California trip if we go over the summer. There you go. So, if we go, >> that's awesome. I don't think I'll be going anywhere this summer. >> No, >> the budget is going to ground us, I think. >> But that's all right. I went last summer. >> We'll get there. hit the spot. >> Yeah, it was great. Thank you for the hot dog. You're >> welcome. >> Oh, yeah. Don't forget your cookie. >> Thank you for the cookie. >> You're welcome. >> Although there will be a Disneyland stream coming up. Um I don't know. We'll see. Brit wants to do one for sure. Like he doesn't have a ticket right now. Same thing. Just got too too expensive. >> No, it's mine. Disneyland tickets seem uh >> Disneyland tickets make u Disney World tickets seem cheap. >> Not really, but Disney Disneyland tickets are more expensive for sure. Oh my gosh. Very nice super chat there from Alex Evanoski. 1999. Uh hello everyone. Long time no talk. My wife and I, Autumn, will be there this Thursday to Tuesday, and I'm looking forward to being on the stream if we can. Thanks for an incredible stream. See you soon. Oh, thanks, Alex. Well, we hope we do see you. Oh, thanks, Alex. Appreciate it. All right, still a thousand people watching. Thanks, guys. I am I am finished. I think I may uh I may wait and do the uh cookie on the way out. No, thank you. All right. Probably going to go in the stream here pretty soon, guys. But thanks for joining us. We'll see you soon. I might do Monday. We'll see. I might do a Monday stream if if um if it works out with the family schedule. If not, then I won't. But with Jenna gone, I may have to pick up the slack. We'll see. All right, I think I can unplug the battery now. Good job, battery. Yeah, still 50%. >> Wow, that's pretty cool. >> Yeah, these batteries are crazy good. I don't usually do all day streams. So, like that little one is pretty good because it just fits in the pocket so nicely. And then if I have if I need an all day stream, then I'm just like, "Okay, I've got the big one. I can bring that." And for the 24-hour stream, once we got in the room, I had two phones and I was just like plugging them in interchangeably. People keep asking me when I'm going to do it again. I'm like, I don't know. wasn't really. >> It was fun, but I don't know that I'm like not in a huge hurry to do it again. >> 24 hours. >> Yeah. >> Well, it hit you once you were at 3:00. Then you were like, >> "Oh, I was done." >> Like swank jello. >> How many people are in the chat right now? >> Uh just now that just dropped under 1,000. I wish people wouldn't Yeah. Wish people wouldn't assume you can just pick up and go to Disneyland once a year. I was surprised how much more expensive it was. Yeah, you know, it it it is it is expensive when you live here for sure. Um, but no, I I I did it pretty cheap last time. Um, I'm pretty pretty good at finding the cheapest flights like Breeze Airways. It was like $100 each way. >> That's insane. Were the chairs bolted to the ground? >> They were indeed. It was very comfortable. >> It's time to leave. The chairs are bolted to the seat. Yeah, >> I'm like >> even uh you know when we went to New York, JetBlue, >> really nice airline and uh nice seats, nice plane, everything. And I think the whole thing was what I say it was the $150 round trip for each of us. >> But now you know why? >> Why? >> Cuz it's ridiculously cold in February. Nobody wants >> nobody wants to go. Well, but there's so so they think nobody's vacationing. This is business. Business or or family. >> You want to go into 8° from 70? Be my guest. >> Be our guest. Yeah. Be our guest. Be our guest. Get your coldness to the test. >> Tie your There's no two There's no two There's no two syllable word for scarf. Tie your scarf to your neck and we provide the rest. >> No. >> No. All right. Yes, I'm going strong. I'm starting to sing poorly, though, so it's fine. That's the first time I've ever heard somebody say JetBlue was good. Yeah, I was impressed. I'd much rather do JetBlue than than Southwest. Southwest is my least favorite airline. >> Even the big people have I mean, we our flight because there wasn't Velcro on the seat that worked. >> Uh, ladies and gentlemen, we're going to have to go back to warehouse to find Velcro. Yeah, David's David and Gia's fight was was late with a Velcro issue. I'm like, "Oh, yeah, we got a what? I'd love it if they had like a number to it." Yeah, we got 1124. What's that? Velcro issue. >> It's an 1124. >> And then the guy wouldn't finish the paperwork. >> Like a 2319. >> Well, speaking of 2319, you forgot to finish your paperwork. >> Yes, >> I am a Southwest credit card member and I have to admit I'm not feeling it anymore. Yeah, we used to fly them more, but actually when we were flying up to Indianapolis after Steph's dad passed away, um, Airran has a hub in Indianapolis or it's like a major stop for Indianapolis. And so we fly Airran Orlando to Indianapolis over and over again. Uh, and we we racked up enough miles to like do Disneyland for free really >> in business class. We had so many points and we're like we were done flying at that point cuz we were she lived I mean she lived up there for eight months and so I flew once but the rule was like not the rule but the plan was I would see her once a month and so I fly up for a weekend once a month and um >> yeah and then she'd come down sometimes and we we racked up so many miles. I know you got a lot too. >> Liz was uh she was celebrating the flamingos if you scroll up on the chat. Biva La Flamingos, mascots of the 24-hour. Yeah, Liz. Yes. Yes. Yes. >> They made it interesting for sure. >> I remember that. What in the world is that? >> Yeah. You were like, I don't know what that is. I was like, oh, that's just flamingos. >> You okay, mama? >> Well, friends, >> it's been real. It's been fun. And it has indeed been real fun. But the park is emptying out as we speak. >> Wonder how fast they'll get through all the people in Tron. Tron was so lined up tonight. >> I love Tron. I would never wait 110 minutes for a one minute ride. It is really good. I Wow, that's a long Although I did wait 120 minutes for Top Thrill Dragster, which was like a two-minute ride. So, I don't know. Either way, when they got rid of free bags and no assigned seats, they became just like every other airline. Yeah, the free bags thing was really big on Southwest. I I will say I don't I I never liked the no assigned seats thing. It was especially with a if you're by yourself, it could be good. Southwest, no assigned seats. You could just jump into an exit row without paying extra. So, I get that. or at least you used to be able to. But with a kid, it's kind of like maybe the odds be ever in your favor. And it's like the Hunger Games and like, you know, I was always terrified that I would like end up not sitting by Liam, you know, and and there's been all those incidents with that. And I'm like, if I get to buy an airplane seat, like I've specifically avoided Southwest cuz they wouldn't let you pick your seat. And I'm like, no. So if I've got my seat assigned, I purchase my seat, then I'm I'm, you know, basically guaranteed to sit next to my son, which is good. So yeah. Anyway, anyway. Yeah. And and every airline has good moments and bad moments. I'm sure everybody's got, you know, good and bad stories about some of the airlines and and certainly we do, too. But we've honestly been pretty lucky as we've flown. We've we've had really great experiences overall. >> Yeah. >> When did you go to Cedar Point? Oh, it's been a long time. >> I think it was right >> after I graduated college. >> So, probably 2003, 2004, somewhere around there. prior to that you think >> oh Southwest allow families to board after the a group to help them to help them um sit together. Yes, that was a good solution. I just didn't like it. It was stressful to me. But I fully, you know, I fully acknowledge that it was great for a lot of people and I I just I just uh chose not to use that airline. So, >> all right. David and G are getting a picture. >> What an awesome stream today. Oh, there's 999 people on the stream, but there's room for a thousand. Any volunteers? >> I hope you guys all had a great time today. I know I did. J, that would be a good solution. >> Okay, thanks Dave. >> Hello. Sorry, I'm like half asleep. >> I was like looking but not looking at anything and then she moved. I was like, "Oh, somebody moved." I was like looking through looking through her to the castle somehow. Oh, they have oneplus two narrow body. Oh, that's interesting. So, you had an aisle and a window seat. See, that's actually pretty cool. >> Some of the a narrow body that has a has um two and like two in one configuration where he was saying you could have an aisle and a window seat. That's actually pretty pretty clutch. So when I used to fly to New Hampshire um up to Manchester from Newark, they were the little they called them Embra RJ45s. >> Yeah. >> And it was exactly that configuration. And then the bigger ones would be two and two. >> Yeah. >> Boy, let me tell you, they get off the ground quick. >> Oh, I bet they do. Although when I went to Europe, I actually flew They don't fly these anymore, but I was lucky. I went in 2013 and I went over on a 730 or 747. >> Y >> what a cool aircraft. I mean, three three on one side. What? Five in the middle >> and three on the other. It's just a giant plane. >> Beautiful, beautiful plane. >> One time when I flew to London, I was on a Virgin flight that had, you know, the double-deckers. >> Yeah. >> And I was up I went up I was upstairs. >> That was an experience. I never went upstairs in a plane. I actually got to go upstairs on one of the 747s uh because I went up like I went I got up to go to the bathroom and I saw like there was an there was a staircase and I uh I saw a flight attendant. I was like, "Can I go up there and just look?" She goes, "Yeah, you can go up and look." And I was like, "Okay." Like it was just me by myself and I think you could tell like I wasn't going to be loud or annoying or anything. But yeah, there were just the people with the beds and all that stuff, the multi,000 tickets. I can't imagine blowing that much money in a few hours. Most of them are probably business. >> I'm sure somebody else is paying for it. >> That's how I That's how I mean I would never pay for it myself. >> Well, it's crazy. My wife and I were supposed to be at Walt Disney World this weekend, but I couldn't get off work Monday and Tuesday. Oh, well, Alex, I'm glad you get to come, though. Hey, you know, a Disney trip is a Disney trip, and if it's a few days later, it just makes it even sweeter. Hi, >> how are you? >> Good. How are you? So, >> we ran into you at >> the uh French Quarter um Marty Gro and we were sitting out there eating beignets and we came through. It's like we always watch you guys. >> Oh yeah. >> And everything and I was winner tonight. >> You did right at the end. >> But yeah, so love watching you guys all the time. >> Thank you. >> But appreciate it. >> Absolutely. I'm going to be we're going to be at Marty Gro this Tuesday as well. >> Oh, really? Yeah. Unfortunately, we're leaving. >> Got to head out. Okay. >> Yeah, unfortunately. >> Yeah, I get that. Well, hey, you guys have a good rest of your night. >> Thanks. Take care. >> See you. >> All right. Well, we're going to say good night everybody. Uh, thanks for being here. We're almost going to I I think I'm just going to I'm going to call it. We could we could wait 10 more minutes and end up at 15 hours, but it doesn't really matter. So, we're just going to say good night. But thank you, David and Gia, for hanging out. And uh you guys get to help. Gia, you can help David remember what to say. It's your David, your line is bye-bye. >> Okay, >> you got it. You can help him out. >> Yes. >> Yeah. Below. Below. Below. Hello. Below like hello. >> Or it's like the uh like the minion bellow. The minions do bellow. All right. Oh, I need to do all the sponsors. Sorry. Okay. So, maybe maybe midnight. So, we have mickeyras.com for your best in free Disney vacation planning advice. Go check out mickeyras.com to book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World. That's mickeytras.com. We also have resort tv1homes.com if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida. Resorttv1homes.com and click on um contact us and we're brokered by EXP Realy. Uh we also have David's DVC rentals dbcrequest.com/tv if you want to book a DVC room for a fraction of the cost as David's DVC Rentals. And we also have um Behind the Ride on Amazon and Disney Demystified on Amazon. two great ebooks all about how Walt Disney World and the rides were created. So, go check that out at um Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. We also have Dream Table, which we used to get or David used to get the Beacon Barrel reservations. So, go check out Beacon Barrel. No, well, you can check out Beacon Barrel, but go check out Dream Table on the app store. Again, that's Dream Table. Monthly memberships, I think, start at $9 and you only have to have it for like a month before you go or something. It's super super great. Uh what else do we have? We also have layer 1 technology. If you need IT support for your small or mediumsiz business, uh layer 1 technology. So that's support layer onetone techchnology.com. Uh let's see. I think I got them all. Sure, we'll go with that. All right. Good night everybody. Have a great night. Oh, platinum members. I got this. All right. Last one. Platinum members. Thank you moppers. Thank you hoppers. Thank you everybody. Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Go Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer, Mickey, William Lley, My Crazy Grunup, Life, Cuckolly, The Amazing, Jaylen Mox, Lley, Cicander, Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali, Verismo, and Alan J. Thanks for being here. We'll see you guys soon. All right, here we go. Selfie time. All right, get in here, guys. All right, you guys got this. I believe I believe in you. He He's practicing. Thanks everybody. It's been an epic day. Almost 15 hours of streaming. I can't believe it. I could have started at 8 and it could have been 16 hours, but yeah, maybe we'll save that for another day. Anyway, all right guys, we'll see you soon. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Bye-bye. >> Bye. Oh yeah, that's nice. No problem. You're right.
