---
video_id: oHc9Zi-dwW8
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Magical Monday at Epcot - Easter Egg Scavenger Hunt - Walt Disney World Live Stream -3-29-26"
published: 2026-03-30
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHc9Zi-dwW8
---
Inspired by the magic of possibility. For your safety, please walk to your destination. Thank you and enjoy the Epcot International Flower and Garden Festival. Yeah. Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live today for Magical Monday here at Epcot. Welcome in, guys. Before we get too far into the video, I want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all of the social media or Resort TV one on all the things. Welcome in, guys. How is it going? I couldn't get my phone to cooperate and get the first part of that little announcement. Um, but yeah, welcome. Hey, Selena. Hey, Miss Disney fan. Corbin, Amara, Candy, Catalina. Okay, the chat is moving, but it says we have two watching, so there must be a glitch. There's probably a little bit of a glitch going on here. We're going to come back and go around cuz it's a little bit busy that way. But this should be open now, I would assume. Or maybe not. Let's check. Oh >> yeah, I think everybody can >> everybody can go back here now. Perfect. All right, guys. Welcome, welcome. Hey, Tigger. Tail John. Greetings from beautiful San Diego. Good morning. A Monday with Jenna Epcot. Nothing in the world could be better. A thank you, Sparkle Queen. That's so sweet. It's like they're about to open this up, but I'm not sure. Hi Daniel. Hi Kenny. Hi Pickles. That is too funny. If you can dream it, you definitely a glitch. My YouTube says there's four people here. Yeah. Hi Drew. Good morning. Yes. Great day at Walcott. Except for there's not as many walls anymore. I can count 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. I mean, there's already way more than they say that's watching. That is hilarious. Okay, well, we're just not going to know how many people we have watching today, and that's all good. As long as you guys chat, I'll know you're here with me. Hi, Amy. Hi, Brandy Brown. Hi, Jeff. Dino Noodle. Hello. A, you're so welcome. I understand that missing missing Disney. It's so hard. 100% get it. No math or accounting Monday. All right, sounds good. Amara, hi Brett, you'll count the people for me, right? All you guys in the chat, right? Okay. Well, so here's the thing. I was going to do the Easter egg scavenger hunt. They are sold out in the front tree shop. So, I think we're going to head into Connections, see if it's there. If not, we're going to head back to Port of Entry to get that and then we'll see about Riding Array. But our main goal is to do that scavenger hunt. So, I think we're going to head to the shop first to see if we can find it. I did not even think about it selling out this quick. There's a lot of people here. That's the good news. That's right. Hi, Tony Hall. Mega Byron, Daniel. There you go. We got the 1 million. Love that. It's gorgeous out here today. Oh, why are we lagging? My phone. Deal. Deal. Deal. That's one reason I couldn't get it to to go right away. I turned it on. It was like on ESPN and I'm like, "What is happening? I can't get out of this." It's all good. Hi, Tion Pier. Good morning, Jedi Master. All right, let's go see if they have the eggs scavening hunch in connections. And if they don't, we're going to, like I said, walk down to Porta Entry. Unless, does anybody know when their shops open? I assume nine. I'm assuming nine or 10. Probably nine. Hi Christie. Smooth joy state. How are you? We should be able to tell right away when we walk in if they have it or not because chilly. >> Oh yeah, they do. Good morning. So do you have the egg hunt? They didn't have it up front. >> We don't have it anymore. You only find on Disney traders. >> Oh the one. Okay. Does that open soon or maybe? >> I think that open. >> Okay, perfect. Thank you so much. Thank you. You too. >> Perfect. All right, we'll go there. >> Wow, the shop is empty. I love empty shops. Okay, we'll come back. We'll come back to the shop. Hi, Lisa. Jod family. You're going to put tail tail deal in the chat. I love it. I didn't even think about him putting the Wi-Fi on it. That's so funny. I need this trash can for my house. How cute. And the spike the bee ones over there. Hi Nia. How are you? Both open at 9. All right. Well, that is where we're going to head today. Nice little stroll. Hi, Terry. Wait, you don't have any sound? If you don't have sound, just refresh. Well, you won't hear me, but maybe one of the moppers will tell you. But no, I think I think everybody's good. Nobody else is saying it. Thanks for 212 likes. Keep boopping the like button. That will help show YouTube that there are more than one person watching. So funny. Got to love those YouTube glitches. I hope it fixes it later. Shows actually how many people we've had watching. Hey, loving the land. Thank you so much. Oh my goodness. Look how stinking cute. Hi, Stacy. I love Figment. Hello, Disney. Here we go. Thank you so much. I hope you have a blessed Monday as well. Happy Monday, everybody. That's right. Rapid fire bop. Should we do that? Should we do one already? They're Phineas and Ferb being cute. >> Good morning, Nick. Happy magical Monday. tending to the flowers. I love it. Looking amazing. There are definitely more than four people in here. Yes, YouTube is having a big old glitch. You can 100% tell right away because of the chat. Flowers look like the wreath I made mom over the weekend. You have fulfilled your boopping duties. Thank you so much, Jedi Master. No better way to start the day. Ah, I love that Tony Hall is here. Hello, Tony. Hey, Maria Hall. How are you guys today? Look at these hydrangeas. Aren't they beautiful? Or hydrangeas? I think you say that. Hydrangeanger. Beautiful flowers. We used to have a hydrangeanger bush in our backyard in Indiana, but now we have palm trees, and I love that. It is beautiful and peaceful. Yes, YouTube has definitely had a margarita. Tim's one of the two people watching. Thanks, Tim, for being one of the two. Good morning, Sierra. How are you this morning? So pretty. Oh, you can't hear me today. Oh, okay. Um, YouTube's just having all sorts of glitches today, I guess. Okay. >> That was going to go to this one, but uh, we'll go to this one. Let's see what we can find this morning. I know. Isn't it amazing with all the flowers? Disney does the best job. My favorite festival. Hey, Fall Walt. Happy Monday. Mama Donna Stitch caused the glitch. I mean, he does like to do that. Okay. So, she said hopefully it's in here. We're going to go find out. I think they're sold out here, too. I don't see them. >> Okay, we're going to hurry over to the next one because it is not here. Well, guys, we might not be doing the Easter egg hunt today. >> Sad story. >> All right, next kid's turn. >> That's okay. We can still go around and try to find them. We just won't get a prize. And and a map. >> At least we'll know. >> I was going to wait. I was going to just go ride a ride and then try to find it later, but >> Oh, wait. >> Let's just go see. And Mara says, "Tim, what did I tell you about giving a YouTube a margarita in the morning?" There's Maria Hall. How are you today? Agreed. Disney. Here we go. 100%. Um Oh, I think they're doing some training over here. I was wondering. Okay. Or something's going on. Well, let's go in. See what we can find. Oh, no. It's a coupe. Ah, I already checked it, Tim. I checked them both. Check connections. So, now Yeah, they're out, too. Darn it. >> Hi. >> Hi. Are you guys all out of the Easter egg hunt, too? >> We are >> sad. Okay. No. Not today. Thank you. >> All right. It's official. They are out. My word, the shirt is amazing. Epcot forever. That is so cool. I've not seen this one before. I don't see any gifts. >> Well, I guess we can do the Easter egg hunt all on our own. We'll just go around and find them. Oh, this is fun. They have the cups from all the different countries. They still got a ton of spike the bee, which we already did. But hosing with the leader hosen. Okay, that's funny. That's pretty. But no, I guess I have learned my lesson. next time. Get the egg hunt early. I I doubt they're going to get any more in because Easter is very soon. Oh, they have the ears from the countries. Okay, this is smart. All right, they have Norway, France, Germany, Italy. Oh, these are new. Mexico ears. There's two Mexico ears. UK Amazing Northern Lights Norway ears. Okay. Well, oh, this is new, too. There's a Dream Finder shirt. Are you kidding me right now? Uh, wonder if Josh is going to need that immediately. This one's new, too. It's like a 80s figment. But look at this. This new Epcot Spirit jersey. Okay, this is amazing. Guardians. Front's pretty plain. Look. Okay, that's amazing. And it says Upcat Center. Mind my mind shirt. Oh, right. Tim, you you would think I've literally been doing this forever. Well, not forever, but a lot. And I've never seen it ever sell out. Thanks, YouTube. So, this is very, very strange. But that's okay. We will just do our own scavenger hunt. >> And we won't get the prize, but that's okay. You need the dream finder. I know the color color is a little iffy, but it's pretty cool shirt. All right, let me see about this. >> I'm going to say there's a half a dozen plants in each spot. Good morning, William. Sorry if I missed your chat, guys. Trying to figure out the plan since that was going to be the plan. Oh, Bobby, I hope so, too. They are sold out everywhere. Yep, I've checked all the shops. That's all right. Like I said, we'll just do our own. I don't know where to look. I'm assuming countries. Um, I'm pretty sure there's one over here. If anybody Okay, if one of the mods sees a screenshot of a map, you could send it to me or I could look it up, too. I'm sure I could probably look it up. Screenshot of the map or or where they're at. That way, we can kind of know where to go look. >> Good morning, Karen. That is so cute. I love how calm it is right now. >> So nice. >> So pretty. Smells like pancakes and maple syrup. >> The weather is gorgeous. 100%. All right, guys. Well, let's go ride the Figment Ride. What do you think >> now that we've been on our scavenger hunt to find the scavenger hunt? The land is 5 minutes. Okay, well, we could do that, too. Uh, AJ Fox, $1.99. Good morning, Jenna from William and Audrey. A, thank you so much, William and Audrey. And good morning to you guys as well. Happy Monday. Thank you for the super chat. Hi, Allison. Doesn't Norway still have the northern light ears? I assume so. Well, they had them in that port of entry shop. If you rewind just a little bit, you'll see. I just pointed them out. Happy Easter week. Yes. God bless you too, Moansi. Good morning to Ryan. Hello, Matt Carpey DM. I know, right? Same. Thank you for the walkthrough. It gives me peace and happiness to start my week. You're so welcome, Jason. Thanks for tuning in, all three of you. Just kidding. I know there's more. Wow, this is gorgeous. Oh, we forgot to do the rapid fire bop, didn't we? So, guys, if you have not already, hit the but hit the hit the what button. The bop button. I don't even know. I don't know what I was starting be Oh, I see Sharon. She's coming to meet me. Um, hit the like button. Go ahead and do so. Even though it says we have six. Oh, it's up to six now. Woohoo. Um, pop the like and that'll help um, share out the stream and let everybody know. Oh, okay. Thanks, Amara. You're the bestest. Good morning. Um, I've been on a a a scavenger hunt to find the scavenger hunt. >> Oh, >> they're sold out everywhere. >> The Easter egg one. >> Yeah. But >> those are such cute ears. Oh my goodness. >> I got these a couple years ago. Um, so I think Amara sent me maybe a screenshot of one so we can just do our own. >> Oh, that's nice. >> Yeah, let's check. >> Amara know folder of all things. >> See, it'll tell us what where to look for them. Okay, perfect. All right, let me actually save that and then I will send it to you and that way you could That's all right. That >> Yeah, >> that way we can >> the other day we missed the cut off. >> It'll be easy to sign in before they >> perfect. All right. >> Awesome. >> And guys, I have Sharon here. It's right over that way. Love the ears. Are those this year or last? >> Those are this year. >> Pretty. Love it. Um All right. Well, let's go ride a ride. I'm thinking Figment, maybe the land. >> I'll follow you. >> Sounds good. Hi, Ashton. Uh, YouTube's also having a glitch. >> Uhoh. >> I have four people watching this, but I don't. I have way more than four people watching. >> Hello, four people. >> Yeah, I know. It's so funny. >> I hope it's four times whatever, >> right? I know cuz I alone already counted like there's more than >> Okay. way more than that. >> Yeah, we have 384 likes. So, I'm I'm guessing we have way more. It's just some sort of glitch. I don't know if other streamers are having the issue. Probably it's just our channel. I don't know. >> I'm going to go see them. >> Either way, >> we appreciate you guys being here. Hi, Tony Hall. >> It's very um spring breaky today. >> It is very spring breaky. Um the traffic in here was a little bad and then The security line was insane. Okay. And then >> the touch point was >> so they bring you in, you know, to park and if you're here early, you get to go towards the front right near, you know, Space Birth. So you're not that far behind the uh premier parking or whatever they call it. >> And so it's great if you're here early. Guess what? They stopped me >> right when they stopped you >> and sent me all the way down. I was like, "Oh boy, it's my lucky day." >> I've noticed that that happens. Like sometimes the early people are the ones that get diverted to the car. >> Yeah. If I would have been one car in front, I would have been over there. It's all good. >> Yeah. >> I still don't have a bad spot. It's just >> Exactly. I mean, really, it can't go wrong. >> No, we're at Disney. Well, we're at Disney. I just thought it was >> I just thought it was funny. I was like, >> it is funny. Like, why me? >> Me. >> Hi, Dr. Dad. Hi, Emmy. But you know what? It made me get more steps and I needed steps >> cuz I didn't really walk much yesterday. I did a chill day. >> I was here almost all day yesterday. Got a lot of steps in. >> I bet you did. >> I think it's more crowded this morning than it was. >> Really interesting. >> I thought it would be really crowded yesterday with >> Yeah, >> but maybe it was a crossover day. People going home and people coming in for spring break. >> Exactly. That's probably what happened. >> Uh I know, right? A guys. Thank you. Hey, awesomeness. You're going to Epcot this Friday. Amazing. >> Well, there's the land. There's >> the seas. There's >> sea. >> Yeah. >> The sky. Are we singing Taylor Swift now? I love it. >> So, in the chat, let me know. Would you guys rather do the land, the sea, or imagination? >> Yeah. I don't think this guy would uh >> Oh, that'd be great. Tim, yeah, send it. >> Hi, Tim. Tim's here watching from Puerto Rico. Amara told Tim not to give uh YouTube margaritas in the morning cuz you know, >> that's why we have a glitch going. >> Okay. >> It sounds like I missed out already. >> Mhm. Yep. >> Morning margaritas. >> Oh, we can definitely go in the Moana area. Would you rather do that than ride a ride? >> Space. Land. Sea. Sea. Land. Figment. Sea. Land. Land. Land. All the above. Land. Land. >> Mhm. I like all the above. >> Land. Land. Land. Okay, we're going to do the land. Awesome. >> I know. I do this a lot. First thing, but actually, we didn't do this first thing. We went on a scavenger hunt for the scavenger hunt. So, there you go. >> Saurin is the sky. Oh, there you go. >> Is the sky. >> Mhm. Sounds like an alarm or a bird or squeaky door. Maybe it was that. >> I never get tired of the wind. Maybe it's a little different every time. >> Exactly. And it's just so calming. >> Yes. >> It's a great way to start your day. If I'm like having an anxious day, this is the ride I want to go on. >> Me, too. >> As long as it's not very, very long. >> The line looks pretty short, so that's good. Good. This is live and yeah, it shows three people, but we got a glitch going on. >> There's way more people in the chat. >> We'll just call them groups of three. >> Groups of three. Love it. Groups of three. >> 100. >> Maybe like groups of 500. That would be great. >> There you go. Love it. Oh, I got you. Groups of Okay. 500 groups of >> 500 per group. There's like but three of them. Three groups. I got you now. It's Monday. I don't do math on Monday. Just checked other channels and their watch counts are low. Okay, so it's all >> across the board. YouTube must be That's what Julie said. >> Ryan loves living with the land. >> I was able to pull up your stream to find you then. >> Me too. Yeah. >> It's good texting me though because >> Yeah. >> Yep. >> Hello. Good morning. >> There is a little delay. Yes. Okay, guys. I'm going to switch over to the Wi-Fi. Give me one second. I will be right back. >> Okay, sorry guys. >> Everybody's having a Monday, including YouTube >> and our app. >> Glitchy Monday. >> Glitchy Monday. I love it. Just another glitchy Monday. Good. We're back finally. And we have one person watching, but three people said we're back. >> That's hilarious. >> We have two. Can we wait for the back or the front? Either one. >> Oh, perfect. Thank you. >> Okay, good. I see you. Oh, perfect. Awesome. >> Apparently I'm I'm the second person watching. >> You are apparently. >> It's you and Josh. No, I'm just kidding. >> For your safety, remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat at all times. Parents, please supervise your children and refrain from flash photography or using video lines until we reach new. Thank you. Now, sit back, relax, and enjoy living with the L. Just refresh. It will lag in this part. Just refresh. Bring it back. Welcome to discovery and awareness of the riches of the diversity and often surprising nature. Our journey begins as dramatic and sudden changes are sweeping over the land. Beneath the surface of the lake, roots trap water from the flowing mud and extract the precious nutrients and minerals. These elements will combine with sunlight, create systems of our planet. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. In the desert, nature has created a very different and no less beautiful living system. And while this arid landscape may seem lifeless, it is very much alive. The plants and animals that have the American prairie once appeared as desolate as the desert. But over time, rainwater and nutrients gradually penetrated the hard surface of this land. Even the hooves of the mighty buffalo helped create the rich soil that would one day become home to the American farm. of all the forces at work own the land had one of the most profound effects. The need to produce food for a growing world led to the enormous use and sometimes overuse of the land. In our search for more efficient ways to grow food, we to realize the impact of our methods. Today, we're learning to live with the land, discovering better ways to grow food that will assure both human and environmental well-being. In arid regions, we're learning to produce food on desert sea coasts by developing and planting crops that thrive on salt water. In Japan, we're learning that by mixing leaves and other living materials into our soil, we can make farmland more fertile without the need for chemicals. Here at Epcot, we're learning to reduce the need for chemical pesticides by breeding and using natural predators like ladybugs and wasps to control pests. In the farmlands across America, we're learning that by plowing under vegetation containing natural fertilizers, we can enrich the soil without the use of chemicals. >> How will we meet tomorrow's growing needs for food production yet still respect the needs of the land? Some of the answers are being discovered just ahead. To help us maintain these carefully controlled ecosystems and for your safety, please remain seated in your boat at all times. Welcome to our living laboratory where scientists from Epcot and the US Department of Agriculture are exploring innovative ways to produce bountiful harvests now and into the future. The tropics are home to the greatest diversity of plants on the planet. Many of these like papaya, bananas, cacao, coffee, and rice are well known around the world. These are just a few of the edible plants that have been an important source of nutrition for people living in the tropics. Many are rich in vitamins and minerals, while others are well adapted to growing in less than ideal conditions. Some, like the water lily, thrive in wet, swampy areas and waterways. All parts of this plant, even the flower petals, are edible. The starchy root of the plant has long been used to make flour for baking. One day, many of these lesserknown tropical plants may be as important as the bananas growing on both sides of the boat. More than 28 million tons of bananas are eaten annually, making it the most popular fruit in the world. When we mention farming, you probably don't think of fish, but fish farming or aquaculture accounts for nearly half of all the seafood specia, bass, and catfish. like the ones you see here are the more popular crops raised by fish farmers. The sustainable system we're using here recycles the water in the tanks. As a result, we're able to save millions of gallons each year. Our small fish farm produces nearly 5,000 lb of fish each year to serve in restaurants around Disney. Innovations like this one can play an important role in our efforts to produce valable harvests and still protect natural resources. While there are more than 50,000 edible plant species in the world, most of us are only familiar with the handful that make up our everyday diet. The common grains growing here, wheat, maize, sorghum, and miller, plus rice, account for nearly 2/3 of our global food consumption. Learning how to increase yields of these staples is an important goal of research around the world. These plants are definitely on their way up. Innovative growing techniques like these increase yields while more efficiently using resources like water, fertilizer, and pesticides. Another innovation at work here is our integrated pest management program. By populating our green houses with beneficial insects that prey on harmful pests like aphids and flies, we are significantly reducing our reliance on conventional pesticides. We're growing these crops using our nutrient film system. This technique precisely controls and recycles water and nutrients. With it, we can produce over 27,000 heads of lettuce a year in this one small area. Some of our best ideas have been inspired by nature, like these fruit and vegetable trees. By growing these ground plants vertically, we can increase yields and better control diseases. These crops taste as good as they look. In fact, we serve more than 15 tons of produce from our green houses in restaurants here at the land every year. The future of may include innovative ideas like this vertical growing system. Plants grown in this way use a fraction of the space required by traditional growing methods that saves water and increases production. The aquaponic system on your left combines hydroponics with aquaculture. The fish provide a natural source of fertilizer for the plants and the plants help keep the water clean for the fish. It's another great way to produce more while using less. In our lab, Epcot scientists are working with the US Department of Agriculture on a number of innovative projects. The goal of these efforts is to produce higher yielding and better quality plants. Together, we can continue to find more ways to increase food production and protect our precious natural environment. Only then will we truly be living with the land. On behalf of Walt Disney World, we hope you've enjoyed this unique journey through our living laboratories. If you'd like a closer look, then check out the behind the scenes walking tour. It's a chance for the whole family to get a closer. These green houses represent just a fraction of the work hands done worldwide to produce bountiful harvests for our growing population. Scientists, farmers, and even backyard gardeners are doing their part to improve the quantity and quality of foods that we all rely upon. Together, we can continue to find more ways to increase food production and protect our precious natural environment. only truly living with the land. On behalf of all, we hope you like a closer look, you can check out the behind the scenes where the boat comes to stop. remain. Welcome to Please gather all your personal belongings for safe lower your heads and watch your step as you exit. >> Was fun. Always a good time on the land. >> Glad six people enjoyed it. We're up to six now. >> Yeah. Yeah, we're climbing. If you guys are watching the replay and you're wondering what's going on, we've got a little uh YouTube glitch going on. the the watching count is way off. >> So, we're just having fun with it. >> All right, let's go up up and away. >> Hi, Paul. So, we're going to be looking for different character Easter eggs. And if you're just tuning in, the scavenger hunts are sold out. So, we're going to do our own. Mhm. Um, Emara and Tim sent me the um the list of where they're at, so we won't know Well, you don't know when you're looking for them either, which one you're going to find in which spot. So, we as we go, we will uh we'll go find them. So, it's going to it's going to be interesting. And we get no prize unless we treat ourselves to something. >> What was the prize? >> Um, a giant Easter egg, which I wish I would have gotten cuz they had some really cute ones. >> I know. I was just confused cuz like I wonder if they restart Sunday morning or >> you would think but also I mean cuz Easter's a week >> it's less than a week away now cuz it's next Sunday but I kind of doubt they will but you never know. Yeah, >> I've never heard that happen. Yeah, do it early next year. >> Tim says raise your hand if you're one of the six. I'm excited to be one of the six. Dion Viro says >> yeah character Easter eggs. Hello, resort budgeting. You're so welcome. I love this ride, too. Hi, Lisa. Hey, Janette. >> Can we make it to 7? I don't know. Can we? >> It's like it's a private club. >> It is totally private hoppers club or we could call it a hoppers hangout. And Tim says he's just a half. He's a half count. That's funny. Hi, Becca's knitting corner. All right, since my thumbnail is Moana, um the water thing over there, let's go check it out. Journey. Journey into water. Journey of water. What's it called? I always forget. >> We're going to find out. Journey of water. The journey of water. I'm going with that. Okie dokie. So, let's go this way. The jamters are out. It is a beautiful day today. Hi Ann. Disney dad. Journey of water. Okay. >> I finally got it. >> Oh, by the way, if we want the scallops and that blueberry thing again. It goes away soon. >> I actually got that last night. >> Well, there you go. I was thinking about having it for lunch, but that's okay. >> Oh, no. We I mean that >> we can do something. So good, right? >> I have had more than once at this festival cuz it's so good. It's so good. I love it. Private Poppers Club. Love it. Hi, Darl. How are you today? They are jamming away. >> Oh, you're so welcome for the early morning stream. Oh. Uh, Disney dad received a gift membership from Jason Adventures. Oh, wait. Let me go back and see. Jason Adventures gifted five resort TV1 memberships. Oh my goodness, Jason. That's so kind of you. Thank you so much for gifting five memberships. So, it looks like Resort Budgeting got one. Gerald, Disney dad, Scoots, McGoots, Andrew. >> Oh, that's so nice. Thank you. Thank you. >> Could use prayers getting tested for colon cancer. Oh my goodness. Disney dad prayers and thoughts are with you. I hope everything is okay. >> There you go. >> Definitely. Definitely. Hi and Robin. Okay. Sorry guys. Sometimes it's hard to see the chat. Good morning Pat and Jeff. Hi Jonathan. >> Oh Manoa J also gifted five memberships. Oh my goodness. Manoa J. Thank you. I'm so sorry I missed it. Thank you. Thank you, Monoa J, for gifting five Resort TV1 memberships. I'm so sorry. Those don't light up, so sometimes I miss them. So, I'm very sorry. But thank you to Emar for letting me know. And again, thanks to Monoa J. So sweet. Journey of water. We did it. >> So, guys, just just know sometimes it lags back in here, but we'll fix it. Oh, >> the water is hitting us already. Feels good though. >> Does feel good. Yeah, YouTube's broken. If you're just joining us, YouTube is definitely broken today. A thank you, Manoa J. That was very, very kind. All right, let's see. >> Very good. Thank you. I can play the >> I didn't know you played water >> water harp. Yeah, I'm pretty good at it. Thanks. I've been practicing. >> Very good. >> Thank you so much. I'll be in concert, you know, next weekend. >> Good morning. Uh, can you send prayers my way getting scanned? Oh, yes. Yeah, I just read that. I'm sorry if you missed it. Thank you so much, uh, Dita, for reminding me, but yes, prayers. Prayers for you. Thoughts for you. I know that's that's really scary. Um, all right. You go there. I'll go here. Ready? Woo. That's fun. Good morning, Frank. Hi, Tony. A, that's so sweet. Jason received the gift membership. So, I gave back. I love that. All right. This is the the dry path and this is wet. Is this like the terrifier? >> Okay, we're going to go wet path. Terrifier. >> That's so funny. >> We did it. So funny. I wonder if they're going to have a wet house this year. >> We'll see. Yeah, it's very nice and quiet. And there's there's Pua. >> Hi, little Pua. What you doing? A >> It is a good way to reach your inner child. I agree. Oh, here we go. We got one. >> They should also warn you. >> It I know, right? It gets your feet wet over there, too. >> All right, we ready? We're going to try to walk through the water. We'll see. We'll see what happens. >> Oh, thank you. >> All right, guys. Here we go. All right. We did it. >> Such a fun little thing. >> It's the little things that get me excited. Yes, we will definitely be looking for eggs right after this. So so pretty. And here's our thumbnail right here. >> What a great thumbnail. >> Resort budgeting said we made it. I mean, I knew we would. Do we bring back a dino? Not our dino. Good morning, Mr. Vman. How are you today? And yeah, you got to look in the rocks because they do have carvings and things like we saw Pua back there. There's the um the crab. I forget his name. That guy, the shiny guy. The coconut man. >> Coconut man. I'm renaming things again. It's fine. and go. >> All right. Ready, >> set, go. Hi, Don. Wait, it didn't work. >> Go, go. >> There it goes. >> I had to wake up. >> Yeah, it did. Hi, Shannon. How are you? Matt and I are on the last day of our honeymoon. Oh my goodness. I hope you guys are having the best time ever. Good job. Okay, this is where again you could get wet. The wet path. Ready and go. You did it. See, it like splashes out and gets you like that one. Crab guy and coconut man. Yeah, this is a great spot to like explore in the morning. Love it. Love it. Good morning, Boxer Dog Club. How are you? So, okay, let's pull up um the little the map thing. Oh, Josh said there was a um PayPal from Moansi. Says $5 from Moanchi. Says happy Easter. Happy Easter, Moansie. Thank you so much for the uh $5 PayPal. Really appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. All right, before I go anywhere, let's see if there's some like in this area. >> Oh, good point. >> Hey, let's see. >> Welcome in. Uh Shannon says, "Thank you. It has been amazing. Recommend sandals if you and Dale are interested." Oh, I would love to do that one day. Okay. So, we've got >> Looks like they're all in the Oh, no. The Odyssey. >> Odyssey might be our first. >> Okay. And otherwise, they're all in the countries. All right. Well, I guess let's pivot and go this way then. >> Pivot. >> This way. >> Good morning, Justin. Oh, it did go up to 55. No way. Uh, YouTube's having a glitch. >> It's a glitching. John Day says, "Uh, thank you to whoever gifted me a membership." So, has anyone actually noticed the difference between live chat and talk chat? You know, I I think live chat is just everybody's. >> And then, oh my word, I don't think I ever noticed this Pluto topiary with his little dog house. Oh my >> goodness. Is that new? Somebody tell me if this is new cuz I don't remember it, but it is the cutest thing ever. Okay. Can I take him home with me and just put him in my yard >> and the dog house? >> Yeah, all of it. >> Fire hydrant. >> Oh my word, that's adorable. >> So cute. >> I love it. >> Okay, we're going to take a picture of that. >> They even got his little path there for him. Oh my word. Uh, okay. Was there a super chat? Let me see. Uh, Pat and Jeff 1999. Thanks for being there during our Pixie Dust Blackout. Oh, you're so welcome. Okay. So, I didn't know that Pixie Dust were blocked out right now. So, >> Oh, >> I get why it's with you. >> Oh, wow. >> But yeah, I'm glad we're able to bring you guys along. Thank you for the super chat, Pat. And >> thank you. Thank you. >> Come on, Pluto. We're going to go hunt eggs. You ready? Let's go, buddy. >> Uh, yes. That way. First is only stand. >> It would be cute if it had a little barking soundtrack. Yes, >> that would be adorbs. Adorbs. >> Yeah. Did everybody have their coffee this morning? I had I had resident coffee. Mhm. >> Which is fancy for home coffee. One of the hoppers said that. I can't remember who now. >> I like that resident coffee. >> Resident Coffee. If you guys have um if it was you, let me know cuz I forget who it was. >> I also want to say a big big thanks to uh Amy. She's one of the awesome hoppers in the chat. Um she sent a little gift from Tokyo Disney. I was so excited. She said she was going, asked if there was anything I wanted. I said, "Oh, you don't have to get me anything, but if I mean, if she wanted to, she really wanted to." Um, and she knows I like Duffy. Um, I said, "Anything Duffy." I said, "I don't even It doesn't matter what it I just love Duffy. I'm friends." So, um, she sent a couple pair of ears and a little, um, Shelly May bag charm. So cute. So sweet. Um, and then one a Shelley May thing that you put on your bag and then you can attach your ears on it. So, she's like, >> she's a plushy, but she can hold the ears. It's so stinking cute. So, thanks again to Amy. That was very kind of you. One day I will get there hopefully. >> Yes. >> Doing all the ambiance. >> You made some resident coffee, too. That's awesome. I mean, resident coffee can be pretty good. Housemade coffee. Very exclusive. Love that. Okay, so we're going to head over toward the Odyssey. Start looking for the eggs. Oh, you know the other thing I haven't had yet is the strawberry shortcake from Florida Fresh. >> Didn't have that yet. >> Got that yesterday. >> However, I think I'm going to do the blueberry one again because it's going away. >> We don't talk about Bruno in case you wondered. >> Good morning, Victoria and Riley. I uh we are sitting here watching and having breakfast. Awesome. Okay. Good morning, Transformer Dad. I think we should go into the shop before we go to check out the eggs. >> Might be a faster way. >> Um, yeah, sure. I think so. >> And it's probably, >> you know, we got to show them the new things. >> I saw in Port of Entry when we were in there looking for the map, they have lots of new Epcot shirts just in. There's a new Dreamfinder shirt, >> Epcot Forever shirt, and another Figment shirt. So, I don't know if it Anyway, they might be in here. If not, they if you rewind the stream, they were at the beginning of the stream. Oh, I can't see. Yeah, you need a good grinder for good coffee. Yes, 100%. The coffee I love is uh Costa Rican. Dad got me hooked on it. And you can find it at Fresh Market. They saw them in those big barrels. I went, you didn't see me, but I went big barrels. >> I don't know why. >> That's our new No, that's your new >> big barrels. Oh my goodness. So funny. Okay, let's see what they have. >> Cheers. Oh, they have the new ones. Yep. And they've got a ton of them. Oh, here's this is new, too. We saw this in the shop over there. New Epcot. >> I like >> spirit jersey. I love it, too. So cute. >> I like how it has >> Uhhuh. And then the World Showcase around Spaceshippers. >> It's very fun. The front is very plain, but which can be Oopsie. Thank you. Can be nice, too, actually. >> Yeah. >> To have just the plain front. Oh, wait. I got to see what this is cuz it's new and it caught my eye. >> Oh, a baby Donald bag. Oh my goodness. But why are you mad always, Donald? >> Why? He just feels like the world's against him. >> Mhm. I get it. At least Mickey Mouse. >> Mickey Mouse. Yeah, he wants to be in charge. >> Chip and Dale. >> Yeah, true. $34.99 for those. Really cute. Wonder if you're going to do all the characters. Oh, they have all the ears. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Okay, so I bought these. >> Those are so cute. >> And then um at Hollywood, I bought these. >> Oh, you did. Come on. These are cute. >> But I know they have these and these. >> Wow. Yep. Those will be cute. >> Just in time for you can put them on all of your keychains and things. They had a lot of new things at Hollywood the other day. Oh, these are all back in stock. >> Oh, yeah. Love this bag. Super nice. Hi, Mike. I do like the pink one, too. >> Mhm. >> And then these are the ear holders they finally got. These are from Tokyo Disney as well. >> So, it's similar to this, but Shel May's on the back like she's holding the ear. It's so stinking cute. >> That's the only thing we don't have from Tokyo now is Duffy and Friends. >> Yep. >> Well, one of the only. >> It's time. >> It is totally time. So, these are the new Stitch ears. Had to get a pair cuz pretty. >> They're literally the cutest things ever. I love them. >> They go with a lot, too. >> Yes, they do. >> I'm so >> um And then we've got the '9s. I'm calling this the '9s line cuz I mean, >> that's a good name for it. >> It really is. Like, look at this. >> So 90s. >> So cool. >> I love it. It goes in any park, >> right, Manoa J? They're so cool. >> Yeah, it does. It goes with any park. >> There's more of it over here. >> Andy might need that. >> Yeah, I think he Yeah, I could see him wearing that. Uh, Easter Craig, congrats on 11 months of his hopper bronze. Thanks for always taking us along. You're so welcome. Thanks for being here. A, that's cute. Thank you so much for being a member for 11 months, Easter Craig. So eventually, cuz on Shop Disney, they show these but with all the character names on them. But I we >> Oh, >> I mean, you could do that yourself. >> Yes. >> But they fit way more in cuz you know, little signatures >> as if they come that way or they show what you can do to them. >> No, they come that way. >> So you can There's another >> They're all in different color. Yeah, it's on Shop Disney. >> Got it. >> They're really cute. And we're up to 92. Woohoo. >> Oh, here we go. >> Virtual cues. >> What's that? >> It's like the virtual cues when you're in it. >> Yes. >> Slowly. Okay. Here's the new Epcot shirts. All right. Here's Figment. >> I really Well, actually, Dreamfinder, there's no Figment in there. >> Isn't that amazing? >> Yep. >> Person who just nicely. >> Really, really cute. And it says journey into uh probably imagination. bottom says Epcot Center. >> You've got that figment little uh I forget what this was called. Somebody help me out. >> His little spaceship thingy. >> Oh, yeah. >> Did it have a name? Yeah. >> I don't know. >> Dream Finder spaceship thingy. >> Love it. That's exactly what it was called. Mhm. >> And then this one is the one Josh might need. He said, >> "Yeah, I think would like this one, too." >> Says Epcot forever. >> Forever. I love that. Is >> that fun? I did see very retro. >> Oo, what's this? This is a new Epcot one. Can you Oh my goodness. There's so many right now. >> Wow. >> Okay, >> I'm excited. Yeah, we got to see these. I'm sorry. >> We'll refold them. It's fine. >> Yes. >> Oh, I love that. Okay, hang on. I got to get a picture of that one. >> I might need that one. >> I think I like it better than the Epcot forever. >> But I love this one, too. >> I like the fact that it says Epcot Center. >> Me, too. And did you see this? This is I think they actually had this when I was a kid. >> Journey into Imagination Epcot Center with the font and Yeah, let's We'll get a picture of that, too. >> Oh, that's really nice. >> Isn't that nice? >> See some shirts that Andy might like. >> Okay, that is adorable. >> I like it, too. >> Yeah, same. There's too many. >> I feel like Bernie and Josh are similar in that they only like certain shirts. It has to be a little more >> pigment. So, this one's more like Old school. >> Yeah, old school. Not too much on it. Yeah, just >> Mhm. Agreed. Okay. I also like this one. >> Liberty and Freedom. >> I like this for coming >> Fourth of July week. >> Happy early Easter, Michelle. They are adding a lot of nostalgia and I am here for it. >> Jenna's shopping list is now just a roll of photos on her phone. This is cute. >> They're doing an awesome job with merch. >> They really are. And this dad would love that. >> I love this. And it's also cute for the Fourth of July week, >> actually. Yeah. >> Memorial Day. >> I got to get this. I haven't bought it yet, but same. >> It's perfect. >> Wow. The sizes are Oh, I see. They do have an extra. That one's just in front. >> Yep. So, that might be here soon. >> Oh, did they Oh, wait. >> I feel like we need >> Did the price go up? >> Wow. >> Sure did. >> Or $29.99. >> They used to be 25 when you bought two. >> Mhm. >> Oh, dang it. >> It was Wasn't it like $29.99? >> Yep. >> And then five if you bought two. >> So now it's 60 if you buy two. >> Dang. Okay. >> Wow. >> All right. As soon as they brought out all the new ones that we want. Crazy. So yeah, that that went up a little bit. This is adorable, too. Oh my goodness. That's really cute. >> Best in the Wild West. You got your Howdy. Journey into Imagination was from the original Epcot. Yes, exactly. Oh, >> it was amazing. >> Yes, the old version. Yeah, >> the old one, which was one of my faves. Oh my goodness, look at this. This is so cute. >> I love that they brought back that version. I want this for a all the doggies and kitties. Um like milestone Econ. Agreed. >> You know, like 50th. >> Yeah. No, 100%. Epcot's big milestone >> cuz obviously they'd have to change out the ride. >> Oh, totally. >> Okay. We need this in adults. >> Adults. I know. Some of the shirts I think the best are the kids. >> And look at this one. >> A >> Mhm. >> Besties forever. Oh, that's adorable. Uh Daryl S, congrats on 12 months of resort hopper bronze. Love shopping with Jenna. Add to Tim's cart. >> Thanks, Tim. Oh, that's so sweet, Tim. Oh, there's more. Look, there's more. I love the bow one. Super cute little chef. Small but mighty. Tunutty. Oh, this is very um cruise line. >> I like that. >> It's very, very cute. Perfect. Here's a kid version. >> May the fourth is not >> Oh, you're right. That is adorable, actually. Love it. Okay. Patart had to cart. >> Oh, look. A giant baby squashy. >> Oh, yeah. I saw this. Somebody posted a picture of it on Instagram. >> It's so squishy and stuff. >> Yeah, the squash melons or squish melons. >> Be like your emotional support. >> Exactly. >> You know, just like how Baymax is your >> emotional support friend. I don't know. Emotional support, healthc care support. >> Mhm. If it was only that easy. >> I know. Seriously, Tim did not approve that message. Come on, Tim. >> You know you did. All right, they still got quite a few of the Flower and Garden merch, including ears. They still have all the Spike Dub guys over here. 22 days until we're home. So excited. Amazing. All the shoulder pals. >> They sold out last year and I'm assuming most people got them, you know. So, I know that dress is adorbs. Wait, did they still have the Alice ears again? Darn it. I should have bought them again. >> I'm like, ah, it'll be fine. I think they're gone. >> That does surprise me cuz it seemed like they had a really good >> Agreed. That's why I was like, okay, I don't need them right now. I did buy those. >> Weird. >> Oh well. Again, I guess I didn't need them. >> Exactly. >> I'll admire yours. >> It's fine. >> All right. Well, oh, that's cute. I think I've seen that. >> Oh, that's really cute. >> Right. >> Oh, it's a zip up. >> A lot of big stuff coming out. >> Yeah. A lot of retro Epcot. What What year is the anniversary this October? I have to do math. >> Jenna, you're the only friend that I shop with where I don't spend money. Thanks for letting me shop vicariously. I love that. >> 44. >> Okay. So, um the next year will be 45. >> 82, right? >> Yes. >> 82. Yes. >> Yep. >> Oh, this one's new. >> But daddy, I love him. That's so cute. I love that. >> Adorbs. This is cute, too. main character energy. >> It's really cute. >> I also like the pigment sweatshirt. >> I don't really need that very often. >> Love it. >> But yeah, >> we definitely don't need it right now. >> It would be really handy during um >> the arts. Yeah, actually. >> I know. It reminds me of Taylor Swift. >> I've been seeing a lot of these on people. >> They look good. >> Super cute. This one's cute, too. >> That's really cute. I like that color. >> Little map. Oh, that's awesome, Anthony. >> All right. Well, >> I guess let's go out that door over there because that'll take us towards the Odyssey to start our egg extravaganza. It'll be excellent. >> And you checked, did you check in here? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> I checked all of them. They told me where to go, too. They were like, we don't have up front. They were like, we don't have it. I don't think Connections has it, but go to port of entry. I checked here anyways just to make sure, >> but nobody had it. Not even port of entry. And I went to both port of entries. >> I was about that since Okay, >> there's the sign. We found it. >> Great. >> Yeah. Supposed to rain uh later today, like this afternoon. All right, guys. Oh, I didn't show you my outfit for the extravaganza. I got my um bunny ears on and I brought Vamper and I've got my park hopping Easter shirt. So, I'm ready for the extravaganza. So, our first one is in the Odyssey. At least that's what the map says that Amara and Tim sent us. So, that's what we're going to do. Actually, I need to use the restroom. Oh, there's one in the Odyssey. Let's do that. >> Oh, yeah. Perfect. >> Yeah. Good. >> Hi, Ali J. Right off. Yeah, it'll be eggs. Exactly. They have really good food here. Avocado toast. The French >> toast was amazing. >> The French toast was really good. >> Probably >> I do like the little cinnamon bites. >> Those are good, too. But the French toast was really good. >> Uh hello, uh Commander, how are you? A thanks, Chris. Yeah, I love these ears. They these sold out too. And on one of our um streams at the Magic Kingdom Resorts, we were going around and they had them in Grand Flow, like two left. And I was like, "Yep, add to cart." >> Oh, from this year? >> Couple years ago. Yeah. >> Yeah. We're going to the Odyssey Pavilion. Oh, wait. What? There's a there's a marching band going through Epcot. I don't think I've ever seen this before. Oh my goodness. I didn't know they did that. >> Marching band came through. We started our day at Magic Kingdom yesterday in a high school marching band. I think that would be so fun. >> I know. To march at the Magic Kingdom or Epcot. All right. I'll be out here watching the band. >> Okay. And then we'll flip. Yeah. I mean, we can't see him that good, but we can see him a little bit. Well, guess what? We have 155 watching now. Thanks, everybody. Oh, YouTube. Which way are they going? >> I didn't hear anything other than >> That is so cool. I did not know they did this. Did you guys do Oh, they're playing small world. Hey, Hersel and Margie. Hey, Marshall. got a couple uh color guard. Looks like three maybe. So, it's it's a pretty small band, but still that's awesome. Good for them. Hello from uh Adam and Rihanna. Hello. I never knew this either, guys. How cool. That's right, Rob. Your granddaughter got a march here. That's awesome. Mrs. Darling. A But that's a core memory right there. Birthday's April 14th. Well, happy early birthday. It's going to be April really soon. All right, we got to find this egg. >> Hi, Kevin. >> Oh, they're from Michigan. >> Oh, there was one from uh from Ohio. >> Ohio. Two from Ohio. >> Monro Falls High School marching band. >> Okay, I only see one. >> Please welcome the island at Stow Monro Falls High School marching band. >> All right, we'll see you on the other side. I mean, it >> they were all high school high school bands, so I don't know if the other ones went through earlier, but yeah, there you go. That was Sharon. Sharon did the math. I don't math on Monday. Hello There's three. I don't know if that was the first one, but I hear I hear another one coming. One was Michigan and two were in Ohio. I think >> that's so cool. >> All right, guys. Say hi to Sharon and >> kids. I know, right? Enjoy. >> I'll be right back. >> The ambiance. Good morning, everyone. When I was in high school band, I wish we would have come to Disney World. >> Oh, Miss You got to march at Disney. Oh my goodness, that's so cool. >> Norway is the only one that serves alcoholic and coffee. >> Hi, Monoa J. Hello, Dodella. Jennifer, you don't do math on Monday. I try not to do math on Monday. Good morning, Easter Craig. >> Hi, Herselini. >> Hi, Amara. Good morning. >> Good morning, Kevin. >> Yes, Jennifer, it is beautiful. Yeah, I think it's probably very expensive for uh bands to come to Disney. Hello, Tiger Tail John. It's nice to see you, too. >> Hello, Joseph. >> All right, there's another band in the distance. Turn left. >> Ah, I see them kind of way out there. There's the >> whole You guys kind of see those flags? That's so cool. How fun for these bands. Yes, they're on spring break, I guess. I guess the plus side is they're not missing class, but they do miss their downtime. I think that if you're in a high school band, it would be just really fun to be able to come here. Good morning, Mad Matt. Hi Ali J. Good morning to you. Happy Monday. Oh, look it. You look very good. Good morning, Anthony. Also, I think this band is lucky that they get to a march in the morning cuz I wouldn't want to wear those uniforms in the heat of the afternoon. It's still pretty cool this morning. >> Good morning, Julia. Yes, it is a beautiful day. >> Okay, that's awesome. And so high school cheese. >> So cool. They're fun. I know. Super fun. >> It is a gorgeous day out, isn't it? Okay. >> All right. >> We got to find this egg. >> Find the egg. >> So, let's go in. A lot of times it's on the other side up on the roof. We'll see if they changed it up on us today. Who knows? Yeah. Wouldn't that be a cool little uh little trip for the band? We got to come to Florida on a band trip my sophomore year. We came and marched at the Gator Bowl and then we got to come to Disney for two days and it was when the castle was a birthday cake. >> Oh yeah. >> And I remember some of my friends, it was their first time seeing it and they were kind of disappointed. But I was like, >> it's a birthday cake. >> But it's really cool. I usually like it. >> Yeah. >> And this is cool. >> Yeah. >> This is so pretty. >> Yeah. Do we see the egg? Oh, there it is. >> Oh my goodness. It's Thumper. >> It matches your >> It does. Okay. Sticker. >> Sticker. Shoot. Actually, should we um maybe like in the notes >> take a picture of it. >> Oh, I love this plan. Yes, let's do that. >> This is a great plan. >> Just have to remember where we are. >> Mhm. Oh, good point. All right. Not that we get a prize, but we're going to give ourselves a prize. >> Figure it out. >> The the crumble cake. Oh, by the way, they have cinnamon sugar like beignet bites that kind of look like those doughnut things here or whatever. You know what I'm talking about. >> Yeah. >> Uh right there. >> Cinnamon cinnamon beignet toss in lemon Oh, >> lemon sugar, lemon glaze, and honey me. That could be good. >> I would I would try those. Okay. >> I would try that >> over the other blueberry thing. I know you probably want to get that blueberry thing today. And I know it's going away soon. So, um, >> I just had it yesterday. >> Yeah. Oh, you had the blueberry thing. Okay. It's so yummy. >> And the blueberry thing. >> Gotcha. That's kind of what I was thinking. >> Well, so obviously um Oh, I got the lemon bola at the Norway booth. >> The lemon what? >> Bola. >> Bola. Looks like ble, but it's filled with >> What is this? >> It's a It's almost like a schoolbre, >> but it's filled with lemon custard. >> Oh, with marine. >> Okay, that sounds amazing. >> Delicious. >> I'm glad you you got to sample it for us cuz I can't. >> Yeah. >> Uh oh. What a deal. Or what did >> Josh said? something >> that I sent Josh some more of the shirts and >> Oh yeah. >> He said tell me he said my wallet hurts already. >> Oh yeah, exactly. >> Oh, I forgot to tell him that they up the price. >> Oh my word. They're playing pirates. >> Moana. >> Okay. And the first one played small world. >> Okay. >> All right, guys. We'll watch these guys go by cuz we're right here. >> Unicorn. Very nice. >> This is the biggest one. The first one was pretty small. Cool. >> The second one was a little bigger and this is the biggest. Okay, this is cool. Let's get a good view here. Oh, that was >> You'd be very proud. Yes. >> Squishy. >> Squishy. >> Yeah. Actually, let's go over here. >> If you were a parent, you said that. >> I know. >> Did your parents ever go along on your >> They did their own They used to always go with Jess. >> They went to uh Disney with us in Florida. >> To the right side. >> Wow. Look at them. So cool. >> Good song choice. Makes me want to go watch Pirates again. Yay. Okay. is huge. >> Yes, it is a huge van. Wow. >> Wow. That's crazy. >> Awesome. >> Awesome. Good for them. That's a big size band. think they said Ohio. >> Good sound, too. I don't know if Josh is watching. >> Monroe Stow is what it said on the back. I don't know what that means, but Okay. Where's our >> Mexico? >> Mexico's our next egg. All right. >> We're going this way. >> Yeah. >> If we're following the band. >> Of course we are. And this is the correct way to go. This is where margaritas are. >> Yeah. Okay. I like it. >> The pirate song. Wasn't that great? That is so fun. Oh, look at all the parents up there in Mexico. Oh, that's cute. >> A That's so cute. I love it. >> Love it. That was my mom screaming. >> I know. Tim Tim said, "Is that the entire school?" >> Seriously, >> it was a very big band. I don't think I've ever seen that many marching band. Me neither. Marching band. >> I think we had two. We We had a decent size. I think we had 125 people in our band. >> Good size. >> Yeah. Oh, we got to find the thing. >> We're just following the band. >> Um Okay. Sometimes. Okay. Here's Spike. >> That's Spike. >> Okay. Sometimes he's over here in this little um Sometimes he's up high. >> Yep. There's like a window over here. Sometimes he likes to hide in. >> We think the band was from Ohio. Oh, yep. There it is. Yay. The first one was from Michigan. I think the other two are Ohio. >> Van mom. Love it. >> Oh, here we go. >> I forget her name, but she's also from from Bambi. >> She's from Bambi. >> Or I think so. I think she's uh uh Thumper's girlfriend in like the second >> I think. Help me out, guys. Hey, chicken dog. >> I like her balcony. >> I know. She's got a great view there. Um I played the flute, but I also was in color guard my senior year, so it was a lot of fun. All right, what's our next one? >> I assume Norway, but let's see. It's a long way for them to march all around the World Showcase. >> Yep. Norway. >> All right. Miss Bunny is her name. Okay. >> So, Ohio. They were just playing the Ohio State fight song. Okay. All right. Nice. >> I should know that being from Indiana, but I don't. We weren't big fans of Ohio State. I'm sorry. In Indiana. But I get it. Um, okay. Let's look over here in the garden area. Sometimes it's over here. >> Thanks, Amara. >> Miss Bunny. >> That's like um I had a guinea pig. Maybe I've told you this before. In uh right out of college cuz I couldn't get a dog, so I got a little guinea pig. And um my roommate and I named her Miss Piggy Wiggles. >> Oh, that's cute. Miss Piggy Wiggles. >> Piggy Wiggles. >> So cute. So cute. Okay, I'm not seeing it. Who does Easter egg hunts at home? Let us know. We did when we were kids. >> Oh, we always did. >> We had one at home, you know, with just the family, mom and dad and my brothers and I. Um, and then we go over to my grandparents that was about a half an hour away and they would hide eggs for all the grandkids. And there was one egg that we all wanted to get and it was the golden egg and it had so my grandparents would put like coins and dollars in there and then the the big egg had a $20 bill and when you're a kid that was especially back then that was exciting. There was some candy in there too but and they lived in a out in the country so there was lots of places to look for it. I think I found the golden egg once cuz Josh and my older cousin found it all the time cuz you know they were older. >> Yeah, >> so they knew where to look. >> Guinea pigs are the sweetest little creatures. I had one called Kit. A used to have Easter egg hunts for my adult friends every year. Okay, I love that. >> That's cute. >> We should do that. >> We should start a new tradition. >> Love that plan. >> I know. Nothing. >> Where is this little egg? Seems like they would not want us to walk back too far, >> right? You would think it would be like somewhere. >> It should be somewhere. My sister-in-law's nephew's band from Auburn, Michigan is playing. Oh, at Disney Springs. Fun. Oh, >> my mom used to put quarters and dollars in the egg. So fun. There it is. Oswald. That's so cute. Okay, let's get a picture of Oswald on this one. >> Yeah, this is a good one. There he is, guys. >> Over the falls. >> Over the falls. That's funny. >> Very good. Okay, our next one. >> The next one in uh China. Okay, we got to say hi to Dumpy on our way out. >> Hi, Dumpy. You guys don't know this is Dumpy. He's a nice troll. >> Bye, Dumpy. He's cute. I know. So it would be it would make sense if they would have put it on the grass grass blah blah blah grass roof. >> Mhm. Up there. >> That is kind of a cool location. >> Yeah. Yeah. Good point. By default the falls. Defals over the falls. Well, at least we have more than two watching. That's great. I'm excited for that. >> Wow. I can hear them all the way over here. And they're right there. >> Oh, the troll. Yeah. >> Go all the way around. >> Oh, yeah. >> Yeah, they're good. >> Super loud, too. >> Um, is this the frozen line? >> This is the frozen line. >> Holy smokes. >> Wow. This The rest of this doesn't seem as busy, but >> No, >> everybody's in line, I guess. >> Probably for Frozen and Guardian. >> Yep. Ratatouille. top three. >> One of my one of the few trolls we allow on the stream. Yes. Dumpy and and the topiary. >> Yeah. Please keep up the like button. We're getting close to 800 likes that lets YouTube know you're enjoying the stream and shows everybody that we have more than 193 watching. >> All right, let's look for this egg. >> There's a lot of space here. Sometimes it's in this little area right here, but sometimes it's been back there. So, yeah, >> we'll see. >> So pretty. >> I know. They're so pretty. >> Oh, I just got two something now. All right. Oh, there it is. Judy hops back side of egg. >> Very cute. >> Let's go. Uh, let's get front side of egg. Oh, it's a quick one. Hello, Judy. >> Judy. Judy hops. Almost as long as the line for the ice cream sandwich at Animal Kingdom, right, Tim? >> True story. Good morning, Disney files. Happy Monday and happy Easter week. Good morning. >> All right, let's see. That was four. Did we do four already? >> See, we done Odyssey, Mexico, >> Norway, and China. four. >> Yeah, Kevin. Yeah, it's it's a glitching. >> Oh, I don't think I've seen the dragon over here. That's really cool. >> That's really really well done. >> Just watched the new World of Frozen episode in Disneyland Paris of the land and ride on Disney. >> I want to go so bad. So bad. >> All right. There's a restroom over there >> to the next one which is >> which is well let's see what's next here. Germany. >> Germany. Yep. >> Yep. Germany. >> Okay. >> Cool. Cool. >> There's nothing in the little turn there. So, >> okay. >> All right. Perfect. We're going to get our steps in around the world and we get to eat cake. >> Good. Good. >> We'll be in Orlando in four in 4 days. That's awesome. So, as we're heading this direction, let's talk about mickeytras.com. If you guys want to book a trip right here to Walt Disney World, check out mickeytras.com. They will help you book your trip and it won't cost you any more money. But if you were to book it yourself, they help you plan for free with their expert advice. So whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, book it with mickeyras.com. Also go to mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. Manoa J says steps and cake. I like this plan. Kevin says, "So adventure with Jenna and Dale in France soon." I would love it. >> That would be amazing. >> I agree. >> Yep. Dale has a >> You guys need to work on that. >> Agreed. I'm so here for it. Um if you guys haven't already gone to uh subscribe over at Adventures of Jenna and Dale, go hit the subscribe button over there. We'd love to add you to our adventurers family. And uh Dale's about to post a video from the players uh golf that he went to a couple weeks ago. He got it all ready. I think he's going to post it tomorrow. So stay tuned. >> Stay tuned. Like I said the other day, >> stay tuned. >> Stay tuned. >> Wait, there's cake. And if you missed my video, uh, well, Sharon and I, we went to Universal last week um to check out tons of new merch. They have a whole new blind box section in um, one of the stores in Universal. We even did a blind box unboxing. We got two things to unbox and we tried a butterbeer treat, brand new. Also, HHN updates and new merch. >> Oh my goodness, >> so many new merch. and just talk of HHN, some announcements they've already made. So, not a ton of people saw that video. So, if you missed it, I did put it out on a Friday, which is kind of a weird time to put it out. Um, go watch it. Go pop it. >> Leave a comment. Tim says, "Girls trip to Paris with Tim." >> Girls plus Tim. Girls plus Tim. All righty. Let's look for this egg. It'll be excellent. >> Oh, yeah. Don't forget to to subscribe. We would love for you to be a a me or a a family member, I would say, of the channel. >> There it is. >> You found it. A wait, who is that? It's a bunny. >> Good question. Wait, is that R? Wait, is it Rabbit from >> from where? >> No, it's not. Sorry. from I don't know who that is. It looks like Judy Hops's son, but it's not cuz she doesn't have a son. Help us out, guys. Who's this rabbit? I had a friend that was wanting to move down to Disney. Do you have any suggestions? Ooh, resort budgeting. I do. I do. Um, if you guys would like to move here to be closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resorttv1homes.com brokered by expy. resortv1homes.com will help you move here. All you have to do is go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Again, resorttv1homes.com, guys. Go check us out. I always love it in here. >> Isn't it crazy that there was supposed to be a boat ride? >> Yes. >> I wish they would have done that. >> Me, too. >> It really looks like a ride entrance. >> It does. Yes, 100%. Skippy. >> Somebody says Skippy. >> Skippy from Robin Hood. >> Oh, hi Edward. We met you last summer. My one son has autism and awe. Well, hello. Oh, good to see you in the chat. And hello to your son. Yeah, this is one of my favorite pavilions. >> Love the food in here, too. If you ever get the chance to eat in the beer garden, most likely you're going to be sitting with other people. That's just what they do. Um, but it's it's a cool experience. And And there's a little show with it. Not only do you get food, you get a little show. >> Oh, Rachel's in. You're going to go on our girls trip to Paris. Perfect. with Tim. Girls trip with Tim. And good morning, Rachel. Let's go in the shop >> cuz I always love going in here. I see keychains. I like keychains. >> And Duffy Bear. So cute. Oh my goodness. >> Of Duffy 100%. Oh my goodness. He's like, "Will you have my heart?" >> 20. >> Explains the um exactly these are really really >> Is that a Christmas tree? I think it says clover. >> Oh, it's a clover. You're right. >> Wait, is that punch the monkey? No, that's a sloth. And I got you. >> Pretend like it is. >> Yes. I got excited. >> Ooh, they got Laurana cards in here. Lots of Lorana cards. Don't know how much. There's more. But wait, there's more. >> They make the most amazing stuffed animals. I agree. Tim needs a trip to the beer garden. >> Hello, Rapunzel. >> Yeah, all the cute things. >> I love this, too. >> Yeah, this is really >> I love the Pascals in the dress. Hey, >> look at that giant clock back there. Holy moly. >> Oh, wow. >> Oh, I heard it go. >> Mhm. >> I know. It's a weird time to go. Hey, Awesome. Love that. Don't die, stream. Don't die. >> Italy. Let's do it. Oh, that's pretty with all the pots. Raise pots. >> I like these in my yard. >> I know. Can they just come over and do that for us? Sorry, guys. It lagged in there. We're back. Um, I always love to show the little train and how they have the flags in the downtown area for each festival. >> It's always so fun. And also the trains. Boat ride would have been incredible. They should still do it. Somebody contact Josh about it tomorrow. Not your brother. I love that. >> Yeah, cuz Josh has no pull. >> That's funny. >> The other Josh. >> The other Josh. Yes. >> Uh, Mr. Master, it doesn't go to BRB when it lags for Josh either. It just lags. >> And a lizard. >> I know. I love when the lizard >> it own with its own lizard. >> It's a giant lizard. Watch out. >> It does look like a giant out. Rachel says, "Good morning. All our trips are girls trips plus 10." P.S. got Jiren to not say no to HHN. One step closer. Okay, Rachel. I'm excited. When are we going? Let us know because I want to make sure I get the right frequent fear for when you're here. Cuz if it needs to be a Saturday, >> I'm going to have to up my ticket because usually mine doesn't include Saturdays. So, let us know. Um, I normally get the one that includes all the days but Saturday cuz it's a little pricey. But if that's the only day you guys can go, I will try to make >> We'll make it work. >> I'll make it work hopefully. >> Happy early birthday, Rachel. >> Yes. Happy early birthday. >> I realize it's not quite but months. >> And was it Did I >> Was it Rebecca's birthday? >> Oh, I'm sorry. I was going to say Rachel. I met Rebecca. >> Okay. I was like Rachel's maybe. >> That's really early. >> Yes, it's a little early. It's fine. Yes, Rebecca's. >> It's Monday. >> Mhm. >> It's all good. I want to try these. >> Andy liked those. >> Oh, okay. Good. >> Tim says, "Keep working on her, Rachel." Tim may maybe if you talk Jiren into it, maybe that'll help cuz you know, you can lead the pack, Tim. Maybe if you know there's a guy leading the group, she'll feel a little better if it's not just all us girls. However, Jesse Mouse is really brave. So, >> yeah. I feel like we're all pretty brave. >> We are, but Jesse likes to lead. Well, you lead, too. >> Yeah. I don't mind leading. If the house is super dark, then >> Yeah, that's that's a hard part. Mhm. I need to not lead first and then the second time maybe or third time I might lead. >> I'm getting braver, though. >> All right. We're looking for another egg, right? >> Yes. >> Hi. Let's see. >> Also, Andy said that if Jiren would was going to go that he would go that night and if she didn't want to go in, he's not going into going into the houses either. So, >> he could just go get food and drinks with Jiren. >> Okay. I love this. >> I don't know that she would want to spend money on a ticket if she wasn't going to do all the things. >> True, true. I get that. >> Tim says, "I do them all by myself. I'm so brave." That's true, Tim. It is true. I don't think I could do HHN alone unless I'm just doing the scare zones. >> I could, but I just think it's more fun with friends. It's just kind of about going in as a group. >> Yes. And laughing and it's just Yeah. So much fun with friends. >> I would do the VIP tours. >> Oh, the rift tour. Okay. Okay. >> But then you have other people. Exactly. >> Um I'm not seeing it. Maybe it's on the outside. >> Okay, let's keep looking. >> I prefer to lead because the jump scare people know the people in the back are the scared ones. Oo, Monoa J. That is >> Oh, that's good. >> That is good. Sometimes though, when you're in the front and you're not right behind something, say they stop you, then they will get the lead. >> Just depends. Okay. >> Good morning, Mrs. Salowette. I don't know if I said your name right, but good morning. >> All right. >> Yeah, let's go look. >> Let's look. Yeah, sometimes it's in the like down. >> I always forget >> this away outside. Daryl s gifted one Resort TV1 membership. Looks like a awesomeness received it. Thank you, Daryl. Thank you for gifting the Resort TV1 membership. That is very kind. Very, very kind. Yep, there he is. I forget this one's name, too. >> Me, too. >> Also, if you're Dale and Kelly, you stop and walk slow in the houses. This is true. That's why we don't let them lead. They're not allowed to lead. Naughty naughty Dale and Kelly. All right, let's take our picture. Oh, Jackaloupe. >> Jackaloupe. >> His name is Jackaloupe. >> From >> Oh, yeah. What's he from? Is he from a short? >> I didn't know this. >> Ethan says, "Yay, I'm on spring break. I can finally watch a Monday's stream." Well, hello. >> Happy spring break. >> Happy spring break. We have almost 900 likes. If you guys have not already bop that like button, please bop bop it. Also check out um let's see we did resort TV1 homes David's Vacation Club rentals dvcrequest.com/tv dvcrequest.com/tv if you guys um are wanting to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost. Go check them out. tvcre request.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. Good morning Carol. Happy Monday. All right. I think America is next, I believe. Okay. >> Perfect. >> There's a lot of people just hanging out. I wonder if there's another band coming through. >> Or they're waiting for the kids to get out. I bet that's what it is. >> Oh, yeah. Like this is way too early to be winning cuz we went to the first concert last night and we were in standby and we were way down by the trains by the train and we got in. >> Okay. >> No. >> Who playing last night? >> 38 special. >> Okay. >> And they're playing tonight too. >> Tim says we have more than two people watching. Not playing. True. They're tonight as well. Okay. 38 special. >> It's from a short. Okay. Cool. Cool. >> All right, America. Let's find the egg. The egg. The egg. Glad I'm off work because of spring break and finally watch a Monday stream. That's awesome, Figgy. I'm glad, too. So quiet. It >> is so nice. I highly recommend coming back to the World Showcase >> Mhm. before 11:00 cuz everything opens up at 11:00 back here. A lot of things open. It's just the food that doesn't really open till after 11:00. Um but it's just more quiet cuz everybody does the rides first. The crowds getting in this morning were very bad. >> Yeah. >> Um so I'm assuming they're still in the front of the park. >> It was very very crowded. This is front. Front. I don't know why, but it's front. We have hand signals for like everything. I'm not seeing either >> any eggs. Maybe he's over here on the side. Hey, Dreamlight Valley fan. How are you? You know, because of you, I started playing my Dreamlight Valley again. I hadn't played it in a while. >> It was fun to start again. And I kind of forgot how to play it. I had to retach myself. All right. I don't see it. >> Me neither. >> Do you think it's in the shop? >> Straws. >> The straws. >> The straws. >> Oh my goodness. Just send me home. Send me home now. The stars >> that are also straws. >> Okay. I am so glad I'm not the only one. Okay. Send to Jesse. Stars are straws. I love that. >> You know, it's so funny just because I do it all the time. >> We all do it. We're all rubbing off on each other, too, because it just gets worse. >> Agreed. That's so funny. >> Oh, that's cute. >> Really cute. >> Is that the Disneyland Paris Castle? It looks like Yeah, it's the Disneyland Paris Castle. >> I like this one, too. >> Oh, yeah. That's so cool. >> Oh, I love that. I'm not sure. Oh, and this one. >> Mary Poppins. I love it. Okay, that's amazing. I haven't been into the shop for a while. Here's some really cool pieces. >> Yeah, love this one. Look at the little ducks. >> All right, guys. Well, we're not finding the egg. We kind of got sidetracked. >> Oh my word, that's adorable. >> So cute. >> Okay. This is from the old ride. Do you remember? >> And it smelled like um roses in there. >> I missed the original ride so much. Time >> for the original. >> Plymouth says words with Jenna and Sharon. >> Yeah. Well, >> I should just stop talking. >> I mean, it's fine. We just add it to the list >> and then it's fun. >> Um, okay. Does anybody have a little hint for us? Is it out >> or is it flower beds. >> It could be. It could be over here by Tiana. Except for that's where >> Spike is >> on top of one of those. >> Tim Tim says, "Straw light, straw bright. First straw I see tonight." >> Seriously. Oh, Tim. Tim. Hi, Emmy. I'm going to make my own Tim. Make me a t-shirt. Straws and stripes. >> Straws and stripes forever. And it could be the the green Starbucks straws. That's probably unpatriotic. I don't know. It's funny though. Funny. Funny. Okay. Oh, nope. That's not it. Are we sure there's one in America? >> Well, I swear I thought it said. >> No, no worries. There is a barrel of fun with this egg. >> Oh, >> a barrel of fun. Is it back by the >> Okay. >> Is it over here by the drink? >> Yeah, we didn't really go in that corner. So, I guess let's go back that way. >> There is. >> Wait, are we talking about Bourbon Barrel Ale? Like Dale likes that. I know where he gets that. That >> it's over there. But that would be really thinking out of the box or out of the barrel. >> Hi, Colin. I would doubt it. >> I would doubt it, too. Yeah, but you never know. >> Oh, by the barbecue restaurant. All right, that's where we didn't go. >> That's where we're heading. Thank you. I definitely need that white sleeveless Marie shirt in my life. Loving your life. Thank you. >> That one, too. That's really >> so cute. On the right. Flowers by the water. Oh, I see it. I see the ears. >> Oh, very good. >> I think it's Bean the Bunny, too. He's my favorite. >> Also, did you see Amara created a really cute t-shirt that he posted in the community to cart? That was good. >> Yeah. With the um cart and then resort TV one in the cart. That was so cute. >> Yeah. I wonder if we could put that on our >> on our shop. We'll have to see. Hi, Shadow Dragon. I love Straw Wars. Wait, what? >> I see. I meant to say it. I'm starting a new thing. >> It's Straw Wars. >> And uh and >> Oh my goodness. >> Pinocchio Pan. >> He might be there. >> Okay. Peter Pinocchio. Exactly. Here we go. Here's Bean the Bunny. And he is on a barrel. >> Bean the Bunny is my absolute favorite. >> I love it. >> I'm so sad I got rid of his plushy. I used to have one from back in the day when I was a kiddo. Hi, Kelly. Remember last week when you were at MK and I asked about the Disney girly hat? My parents did find it in Animal Kingdom. Oh, nice. I'm glad they found it. It is appropriate for to have Bean here because of the restaurant Muppets. All right, so what's next? >> Japan. >> Japan. Let's go. How many um do we have left? It's harder because we don't have stickers. It >> sure is. France. >> Okay. Japan and France and Canada. Three more. >> Oh, and Morocco. Sorry. Okay. So, after Japan is Morocco and then France and Canada. Okay. And that's it. >> Four more, guys. >> United Kingdom. I'm sorry. I'm just going to keep adding. >> It's all good. Five more and then. And then No, I'm kidding. Also on I would say in my defense these are not in the order that you walk around. They're just like a random >> they are they're throwing us off >> and there's no stickers. So like I said it's much harder. >> So basically all the all the world showcases. >> Okay. And that's where all the eggs are. Nice. All righty. We got this. We got this. I always try to think out of the straw. That's funny. Too funny. I know. After you said I was like, "Wait, what?" >> I didn't put anything in. I just said it like, "Yep, I meant to say that." >> That's how I always do it. >> In my head, that was just the word. >> That's the right word. >> Well, actually, I heard the word star and I don't know why it came out. >> That's the best. Love it. Hey, Britney. >> Welcome in. Hey, Noel. >> Stephanie. >> Three more to 900. Oh, I hear a I hear a something a something something. >> Come in to check me. Make sure I'm okay. >> Are you okay? >> Yeah. >> Well, Japan is over here on our left. We are almost there. Jonathan says, "I do enjoy going to straw bucks." >> Too funny. >> Is Straw Search still on TV? Oh my goodness, you guys. Is that the show where they look for straws? >> Oh my goodness. >> Too funny. Uh Jenna gave you h or have you had the banana fosters funnel cake? I have not. Have you tried it? >> Nope. >> It's uh the one in America. I think >> you looked really big. >> Yeah, I looked good. Sometimes uh bread pudding doesn't like my tummy cuz I think it's made with heavy cream. >> Mhm. >> Um >> hi. How are you? >> Oh my goodness. And I stay a little longer. I don't know if you got to see anything. >> I saw a couple of them. They She looked beautiful. >> She's back to school today, so I'll see her later. >> That's so hard to do. >> I know you're on your Easter egg, honey. >> No, you're all good. No. Do you want to say hi? >> I want to take a picture. Oh, yeah. Let's do it. Oh, I love that. >> Yeah. >> You're so cute. You're so cute. Thank you. >> Can you take it for us? >> Yes, of course. >> Thank you. >> This is Jordan's mom. Okay. Yes. And this is Sharon because everybody loves >> I Please tell her I said hi and congrats. And then she looked beautiful. It was It was like the wedding of dreams to be a Disney cliche. Weather was like this. >> I love it. It was good weather. Yeah. Oh, I'm so glad. >> Enjoy your day. >> Thank you. You, too. >> Hope to see you soon again. And Jordan, too. >> And we have a happy Easter. >> You, too. Happy Easter. A >> our friend Jordan just got married. Our uh cast member friend, the one that we got to go to the opening of Disney World with um you know, after 2020. Me and Jordan. I skipped down Main Street. That's Jordan. If you guys don't know, she's the sweetest. So sweet. Saw a few pictures. She was beautiful. Oh, here we go. I found it. >> Oh, very good. >> I know. We haven't seen her in a while. She's busy. She is a teacher now, so she I think she still does some part-time at Disney, but she is a full-time teacher. >> All right. So, we got uh Bunny and and Duck, I think, >> from from Toy Story 4. >> Yeah. >> I love that they still have the plastic tag. >> Mhm. >> That is adorable. >> All right, Monoa Jason. No way. Congrats, Jordan. >> So, did she have a Disney wedding? >> I think it was like a outside wedding, but um >> like on Disney property or >> No. Well, I actually don't know that. >> That would be really cool. I'm pretty sure it was off property, but let's go in here. >> Uh, Mama Mouse, she is teaching school, so she hasn't been able to do streams lately, and Kelly's been busy with work, so hopefully they'll stream again soon, but they're fine. Don't worry, they're all good. We hung out with them, not this weekend, but last weekend. Um, and she's going to be on summer break soon, so maybe maybe you'll get to see her more. Oh my goodness. Look at them. >> Oh my goodness. >> Isn't she adorable? Is she a bag charm or no? >> No. >> We could turn her into a bag charm then. >> Totally could, you know, attach her. >> That is adorable. >> Love it. Oh, wait. There's one over here. We don't have to. >> Right here. >> Oh, >> miniature version. >> Perfect. >> $4. >> Oh, look at Putty Sho. That is cute. So many cute ones. >> Oh, I got really hot. I think it's humid. >> Mhm. It is humid. >> That's why I was like, let's go in the shop. >> Oh my word. So cute. >> I wish you got your discount in here and I probably go crazy. Actually, it's probably a good thing we don't >> cuz Yeah. Do you want a sushi cat? They go. >> Oh my word. Oh my word. These are so stinking cute. My brother loves Kirby. He would love these. Look, he's fishing on an island. That is adorable. >> Blind box. >> Uhhuh. >> So you don't know which one you're >> He think it's that one. Yeah. >> Adorable. I like this one too where he looks like he's little house. You don't know which part of his house you're going to get. >> So cute. All righty. Well, let's go. What else we can go? What else? Let's go. What else we can find? How about let's see what else? Okay, the heat is getting to us. I still want him. I should just buy him. Every time I come in here, I'm like, he is the cutest thing ever. >> Little egg just jamming away. >> I feel like you somehow need to attach him to your dashboard and he can just not interfering with your vision, of course, but of the road, but you know, and then he could just be looking at you when you're driving. >> I love this plan. He's actually not He's only $16.95. He's not that expensive. Yeah. Okay. >> Add add to cart. Add to card >> Hello Kitty >> toothpaste. >> Okay, that's interesting. >> Uh-huh. >> This one's cute, though. >> That one is cute. >> What else? What else? >> Oh, let's go see the Mario stuff. I missed it. It's over here >> in the corner. Oh my word. What is happening? >> He lost his head. >> Godzilla. >> Godzilla. >> Oh, >> they don't really have any Mario stuff over here. They have Kirby. >> He's so cute. A Kirby car. Oh, this is Oh, a red light. a red shell light. That is amazing. All right, so they have a few Mario stuff. They have a ton at Universal right now because of the new movie coming out. All right, let's continue on with our journey. >> Oh, look at him. >> Or her. She's so cute. Oh my goodness. >> Do you see this pretty one? >> So cute. >> All right. Don't get your eyes off of him. >> Where is he? >> And where is he? >> That was funny. >> I know. I could spend so much money in there, but I don't. >> Did you say add to Mario Kart? Yes. Add to Mario Kart. Does uh the movie come out this week, right? The new Mario movie, I think. Is it Wednesday? Something like that. >> All right. Morocco is the next one. See who the bunny is. They're all been bunnies. Holly says, "My freshman year of high school, our marching band performed at what was then called MGM Studios." Oh, fun. Love that. Love, love. >> Epcot lines are brutal today. >> Yeah, we haven't really checked them since we've been back here. >> We got on one ride at least, so that was good. Oh, >> they got excited. It was cute. Oh, I found it. Okay, that would have been hard to find if you're not coming this direction. Do you see it on the side of the building? >> The egg. >> Nope. >> Oh, wow. >> Right. If you weren't coming this direction, >> I was looking over there at those buildings. Oh, boy. That's really >> If you were coming the other direction, I don't think you would see it. >> Wednesday, Mario Kart comes out. Tim is going. >> Do you know they they still have Duffy on the press pennies in Japan? What? Are you serious? >> Okay, we might have to go back to Japan and check this out. Um, yeah. Let's go see. >> We're not that far. Also, I don't know who that is. >> I don't know who that is either. >> Wait, I think it's from a short. >> Okay. >> Hi, Tammy. >> Yeah, I'm The only reason I know is cuz they have the same eggs every year >> and they're always bunnies. >> Okay. >> And I think it's from a short. Let me know, guys. the rabbit from the Pixar short film Presto. >> And he does like a a trick where he like pulls things out of his hat and he's like a magician. >> Wow. Poppers are very good. >> They are very good. >> Very very good. Oh, guys, we're really close to 1,000 likes. Keep popping popping. Subscribe and if you're new. >> All right. Where is this press penny? Is it inside the shop? We got to look for science, of course. >> Let's take this path over here. >> Good morning, Kimmy. Now I feel like we're on a press penny scavenger hunt. Start our own scavenger hunt. >> Exactly. It's on the right side of the p pavilion outside of the shop. Okay. Thank you. >> Oh, yep. I bet so. Did you see? Okay, first of all, in April, some new ears that we're going to need that are coming out or Kermit ears. And then they >> Yep. And then they're coming out with new Pandora charms and their doggies. I think there's a lady, >> a Dalmatian, and Doug. They do have Duffy. What? >> All right, that might be an add to cart. What does this one have? Does it have any Duffy's? Nope. All right. How much? >> If using a dollar, $1 each. That's not bad. Use credit only if you want all four. I don't want all four. Let me see if I have a dollar. >> Yeah, I don't have a dollar. >> Yeah, no worries. Let me I might I might not. We're going to find out. Maybe the store would uh break down a bill. >> Oh, yeah. Maybe. >> So, I think I've got for the first time I have some cash. >> Oh, I do have a dog. >> For the first time in forever. >> For the first time in forever. >> Oh, and it looks pretty uh crisp, too. >> Yeah. Okay. I'm >> Okay. Wait. Wait. How do you >> Oh, that's a good Oh, do you turn it? >> Wait. Sorry. >> Like that? Wait. Oh, no. Right there. Okay. Look. Here's >> Oh, I see. I see. >> I think it was already on him. >> Very good. All right. We're all learning here together. >> Yeah. So, see, she said it right there. >> Yep. >> Your engraving. Okay. >> Turn handle. See, here's our instruction. You want Okay. Insert a dollar. Wait two to 3 seconds. Turn handle clockwise six times. >> Oh jeez. >> Clockwise. Okay. >> Or Jenna's getting her workout for the day. >> Oh, >> it did. >> Oh my god. Can you guys see it? >> Yep. >> So cute. >> Okay, I'm excited. >> Did you know you could get Duffy merch? >> Does it say Duffy on it? >> Okay, that's cool. >> The bottom. >> Yep. There it is. >> Wow. >> You could tell when the coin was in there cuz it got hard. >> Yeah, I could tell. Yeah. >> Okay. That's so cool. >> I love that so much. Actually, you know what? I'm going to do a little reel for Instagram. >> Oh, I love that. >> Hi. >> Show that you can actually get a Duffy something. Maybe people have already done it, but All right. today. And there is one place still. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Yeah. Everybody says, "Oh, that was so worth it." It was, you know, so cute. And Yep. >> Thanks, guys. >> I mean, really, for a dollar, >> you know, sometimes the press are more than that, aren't they? >> Well, so they used to not let you put your dollar in anymore. You used to always just have to do the credit card for four. We'll see all four, right? >> But you have to spend $4. >> Some people just collect them all. >> If you want or if you put if you use a credit card and you get all four. >> Uhhuh. >> Do you have to change the location? It just automatically does all four. So, it doesn't really matter which coin you start with. >> I don't think so. Okay. >> Actually, let's look. It says it right here. >> I'm curious. >> Uh, slide card and wait 5 seconds and turn handle. Keep cranking until all four coins drop. >> So, I'm assuming you get all four. >> So, you just start with one and then it'll automatically >> So, say you want two Duffies, you you're going to need to bring your dollar bills. >> Got it. >> Or you're going to get charged $8 and get eight of them. >> Yes. Yay. They are meant to be. Thank you, whoever that was who uh let me know. I >> That was good. >> That was awesome. So exciting. Oh, Duffy. Duffy and friends. So, Duffy came out in like what early 2000s was it or '9s? I actually don't remember. Um and he came out here at Epcot as a friend of Mickey's >> and um he was his little his little travel buddy and uh he kind of became pretty popular here for a little while and then his popularity went downhill a little bit. They came out with Duffy and Shelley May as his um girlfriend and Japan picked it up and it just got huge over in Japan. And so now it's Duffy and Friends. There's several different characters and they're adorable. >> That the only time that $1 is worth trading for a penny. 100% true. >> Duffy was in Disneyland Tokyo when I was there in the early 2000s. That's awesome. I remember when Duffy was meeting and greeting here in Epcot. Actually, one of the trade the trading post up front was a Duffy store. Like they had a ton of Duffy stuff in there. I actually have a plushie that I got when I was a kid um of Duffy. I still have it. And then I have a little Duffy keychain from when I was a kid, but it was before they named him Duffy. Um and he was pink and he was just like a little teddy bear with little um Mickey footprints on his f paw print or on his paw. >> Anyway, super cute. Hello, Bronny. How are you? Duffy came out in 2002. Okay. He's a teddy bear sewn by Minnie for Mickey. Yeah. So Mickey would have a little companion while he was on his travels. And that's why Duffy sometimes you see him in like a sailor suit cuz he's he's good at traveling. And that's why they brought him to Epcot, too, because you travel around the world. See, we need him back. >> Time to bring him back. >> Time. It is time before the next milestone. >> Agreed. Oh my goodness. Yes. >> Yeah. Bring Duffy back for the 45th. Oh my goodness. Yes, they are. Yes, Duffy and Friends are huge in Japan. I don't think Disneyland Paris has any Duffy, do I? I could be wrong. Last time I was there, they didn't. Um, but Tokyo, Shanghai, and Hong Kong all have Duffy. And uh, Alani also >> has has a Duffy. There's Ol in the Polynesian Resort, which is part of the Duffy and Friends. He's cute, but I need them all. All right, we are heading to France. >> France. >> John. >> Oh, for sure, David. No worries. Oh my word, they just fixed it. I have 1400 in the chat. Hallelujah. Good job, YouTube. >> A lot of people. >> Oh my goodness. I wonder what my views are going to look like when I end the stream. Cuz normally, you know, depending on how many hours I go, I'll have around 8 to 10K or or more depending during my morning streams. Later they'll get more, but since it was only showing like four 10, we'll see. We'll see what happens. Britney agrees. I love DM friends. I need them all. You're welcome, Canadian Disney family. Oh, >> that breeze. >> It's amazing. >> I love this music. >> Yeah, >> usually you don't hear it. >> Good point. >> Either it's still quiet. >> Yeah, cuz it's probably a little too loud, I guess. I don't know. >> All right, let's go find our egg. We've got one, two, three more. There's a lot of places in here that it could be. >> Actually, I think I know where it's at cuz when we were doing Spike the Bee, >> I think it was around the corner. >> I could be wrong, but I think >> I do remember that we saw some eggs. And now I couldn't tell you where we saw those. >> Yeah, it just hit me as we were walking over here. I was like, I think it's over in that flower garden. I guess she's typing or got the window open. >> Yeah, it finally figured itself out. Good job, YouTube. Good job. A Thank you, Cindy Rose. That's very sweet. Oh, there it is. We went the wrong way. I was It was the right direction, but you know. >> Rabbit. >> Rabbit. >> Oh my word. And rabbit has a lizard on his head. >> Rabbit and his pet lizard. >> His pet lizard. Yep. >> A That's so funny. >> Too cute. >> That's so funny. All right, guys. Let me zoom in for you so you can see. >> There he is. Hi, Kathleen. >> All righty. We did it. >> A Spam is calling. I love when he calls. Good old Spam. >> I'm glad Spam spreads the love. >> Spam loves to call me. Yeah, he does spread the love. Yep. Got to love it. Maybe YouTube is still wrong and there is 30 or no 300,000 watching. Oh, that would be cool, wouldn't it? Love that. Awesomeness says, "Wait, who gifted me a membership?" Um, I forget who it was, but we had a couple people gift memberships earlier. >> Yes, Manoa. >> Manoa Jason and then there was one more and I cannot remember. >> Thank you so much though um everyone that has donated the memberships. It's very kind. Good morning Ray. How are you? Welcome in. Um, let's go to the World Traveler Shop. We don't go to that very often. >> I was actually wondering if they had the >> the map. You know, I didn't think >> I didn't even think about that. >> Good call. >> Now that we're almost done to fill it out, >> well, that's true. And still get our egg. Good point. Okay, >> we have been taking pictures. We'd have to figure out >> Yes. >> which country is which egg. Yeah. Oh, I hope they have it. That would be amazing. Let's go see. If not, no worries. Emara says, "Well, if there is 300,000 watching, please subscribe." Yes. >> Sadi, so when the wind is blowing, it's nice, but when it stops, it gets pretty toasty. It is supposed to rain about 1:00, I think. So, we'll see what happens. It's like a 50% chance, so you never know. It was supposed to rain and pour on our um concert on Saturday night, too, but we only got sprinkles. So, >> with us last night, it was just like light sprinkles. We almost didn't even need >> Yeah, same. That's how it was at the concert. Like, right when it ended, it was kind of like, ooh. So, I got my poncho out >> and then we were going to the bathroom so I was like, "Oh, I'm not going to put it on." And then I didn't need it after the bathroom. >> It's tricky in Florida because sometimes you think, "Oh, it's just sprinkling." And then boom, it'll just like downpour. >> Exactly. >> You don't want to be ready with your or umbrella or whatever. >> True story. Just like when we were on Hagrids. >> And there was nothing we could do about it. Literally nothing. >> Funny funny moment though. Mickey. >> Oh wow. >> What you doing, Mickey? >> Got the big cheese here. >> Oh my goodness. >> He's so cute. He's welcoming people in to the park. Tim says, "I think we need a rapid fire. Almost to a thousand." Okay, let's do it. So guys, if you've not already, hit that like button, close out of the chat, find the thumbs up, and bop it. But you can only bop it once cuz if you bop it twice, it takes it away. You guys ready, setop like button, and subscribe if you're new. I >> was curious if they had any of the new >> uh Epcot stuff, but >> doesn't look like it. They do have all the country merch. >> I like these t-shirts. >> I know. Me, too. I got Josh this one for Christmas. This one's perfect for anytime, but also July 4th. >> Yes. Very good. Yeah, I like that one. >> Yeah, >> very good. Oh, I like this Epcot one. I do, too. That one's fun. Sorry, my throat's dry. >> It doesn't look like they Oh, maybe. Do you guys have the egg hunt? >> We do not. No worries. >> That's going to be a Disney trade. >> Okay, thank you. We checked there, but we thought, well, let's check here just to see. Are they out? >> They are out. Yeah, I tried both of them. >> I know they said maybe festival boo to Disney. >> All right, no worries. Thank you. >> We're doing it on our own. It's fine. >> But this was the prize. So, they had other characters, too. They had >> I know. I wish I would have done it. >> Right. They had Mickey, Minnie, Chip, Dale, or maybe just Dale. And I don't remember who else. Who else? >> Here. Dale, White Rabbit, and then >> Thumper. That's who I wanted. I wanted Thumper. >> Oh, well. WW. Maybe next year. >> I would have wanted that too. >> Right. I never thought it would have sold out. >> He's super cute. That's why. >> So cute. >> I like that price better than the other. >> Oh my goodness. >> Yes. Okay. Maybe they'll bring them back next year. We'll see. Cuz they're so popular, right? >> This is actually the most popular. >> Thumper is the first. >> Ah, good to know. All right. As soon as it comes out, I'm going to buy it next time. >> Thank you. I don't see a lot of Thumper >> merch. I know. When I saw this, I was like, I had to have it cuz I told you I named my I had a pet bunny and her name was Thumper. Oh, I had a pet pet rabbit. >> Thanks for thousand likes. We did it. Woohoo. Thanks, guys. >> All right. Well, let's head to um We have two more eggs. >> UK and Canada. Oh my word, these are fun. What are >> they? All ornaments from around the countries. Okay, that's adorable. >> Robin says, "We always pick up our scavenger hunt there." Yeah. Well, they still have Spike the bee. They just don't have um the other one. Okay. What is going on? Bummer, too, cuz that egg is >> I know. Oh, I'm so sad I didn't get it. Oh, wells. Sure, it's on eBay for a lot of money. >> Well, here we go. Couple more eggs again. Thanks for joining. Bop the like. Subscribe if you're new. Wow, the line for Mickey's a little long. >> I mean, I get it. It's Mickey. >> I'm so glad YouTube fixed it. Good job, YouTube. They must have had some coffee. helped him out a little bit. >> Okay, the egg. The egg. >> Right. Agreed. I think we Oh, yep. Good job. There it is. It is the white rabbit. Jesse is adding straws and stripes to the book. >> Good job, Mara. That's awesome. So cute. >> All right, there we go. One more to go. >> I think we should go back to the UK shop. I always like to see if they have any new, you know, Winnie the Poo merch or they do. Let's go. Actually, let's go through this and then to the toy shop. They have good merch here, too. >> After having its margarita, YouTube had its straw bucks to wake it up. Love it. That's awesome. >> Starbucks. >> You need some Same. Me, too. I like those ears. >> Straw Bucks for the win. That is adorable. Don't you have these? >> Yes. Yes, I do. You need that if you don't already have it. >> That's really cute. >> It's really cute. >> The ears. I got this for mom for Mother's Day last year, I think. >> And the cup. >> Mother's Day. >> Yeah. And the matching cup. >> Very nice. >> Mhm. She loves aprons. She kind of collects them a little bit. This is adorable. >> Is it a teacup set? $60. >> Must be. >> I bet it is cup and saucer. >> Okay. Yeah. >> And then here's your teapot. I'm going to Did somebody say shopping? Hi, Aya. We found them, Cindy. Um, and then I have that dress. So pretty. I love that dress. >> I need ears to match though. >> Mhm. >> Actually, would those match? >> Yeah. >> I feel like Yes. >> Yeah. >> You don't have to be too matchy matchy. >> No, >> I think these would, right? >> Yes. >> That's funny. >> I think so. These would, too. >> Love those, too. >> Those are adorable. >> All right, Tim, enjoy your lunch. What you having? >> Leave your card, Tim, while you while you take your lunch. >> Just leave your card. We'll bring you some straw bucks. Oh, who do they have up here? Sometimes they change. Oh, >> uh, who they have? Let's see. Turner Evans, Macaffer. Who's this? >> I don't know. >> Me neither. >> Don't lie. Maybe it's sports people. Those UKers are lovely. I'm in the UK. A. Oh my goodness. Paddington. >> I love him. >> I like the Montipython t-shirt. >> Oh, that's cute. That one says just a flesh wand. It's funny. >> Also, Montipython. >> Yeah. Oh, that's right. I have seen that, but it's been a long time. >> Oh my goodness. This might be a need. Um, sorry. >> Very cute. >> What is happening? >> Right. Oh my goodness. This is adorable. >> Probably not the best color on me, but it's so cute. >> Yeah, that's also stretchy. >> Yeah, nice and stretchy. This is stretchy. Oh, it's her universe. She makes good dresses. >> Mhm. >> $59.99. That's not bad for this dress. Okay, that's cute. >> Does it have pockets? It has pockets. >> Okay. >> Oh, yeah. >> That is cute. >> And it's lined, which is nice. >> Love that. No color. Exactly. >> Yep. Lining. Perfect. >> All right. Add to cart. >> Nice. Nice. That's adorable. And there's a plushy, too, with his hat. Wait, it's a bag plushy. Oh, he's $49.99. >> Oh my goodness. >> I love him. You can carry him around with you. Zipper. >> Yeah, you can fit your uh >> Let's see what you could fit. >> Yeah. >> Um >> lip gloss. >> Yep. >> Coin purse. >> Um >> he does. Elizabeth, >> maybe a little a little mirror. Rachel says, "OMG." It's a cute dress, right, Rachel? >> Your Duffy coin that you >> My Duffy coin >> and an extra dollar bill in case you want to get another one. >> Another Duffy. >> Hey, Rich Rimple. How are you? >> Hi, Rich. >> Um, there's also ears right here that match. So, if you get the purse, you need the ears and the shirt. >> Very nice. >> Cute, right? >> Those are really cute. >> They're adorable. I love the little bee on the top. >> All right. They're getting a lot of cool stuff in right now. Um, there's something on this side, too. I wanted to see. So, they have Oh, mom might need this. She loves all of her little kitchen towels. 1999 stuff. It's so cute. >> Coasters. Coasters is your thing. >> That is coasters. >> This is adorable. They're practical and fun. >> Exactly. Love that. And then the little planter. That's really cute. >> $27.99. >> Hi, Jody. I like it. >> Very nice. It is very nice. >> It's very adorable. >> All right. Well, oh, this is cute. Little blankie. >> All right. Well, let's go find our last egg. >> Yes. >> Canada. >> Canaan. Canada. Oh. Oh, look. Oh. Oh, look. Vicki. >> Oh, and an elephant. >> You can also meet my >> I started singing O Canada to Greensley's. I don't think that's the song. It's fine. No, >> but you know. >> Sorry. Yeah, >> that's what I was playing. >> Also, you tried to sing O Canada to a different tune a few weeks ago. I don't remember. >> What was it? I don't remember either. Amar will remember. But yes, if you want to meet Winnie the Poo, >> he's back there. >> That's where that line is. >> Yep. Not too bad of a line. >> The band play is here throughout the day. They're really good. >> They are really good. >> Performance. >> Command performance. And then they were going to have a Mary Poppins ride back here. They were >> I hope they're still thinking about doing that cuz >> why why not? >> Maybe we need to talk to Josh. The other Josh. >> The other Josh. Not not my brother. Yeah. No, I'm with you. Agreed. >> Uh Mr. says, "I have heard O Canada to O Christmas tree." Um, this was at least closer. Okay. Oh, Canada. Oh, Canada. >> Your brother Josh to be the one to get these things done. >> It would be much easier, wouldn't it? >> Definitely know the right person. >> Uh-huh. Agreed. Too bad he has no pool. That would be awesome, though. Actually, you know what would be >> pretend like he does. >> You know what would be better? >> Josh said >> exactly blah blah blah >> to say Josh. Yeah. You know it'd be Oh, hello. >> I watch you every day. >> A thank you. Hi. How are you? >> Disney cruises. >> A thank you so much. >> Your recent cruise on your next little spooky spots. >> Oh, I'm so glad. Do Do you want to say hi on the stream? >> Yeah, definitely. >> What are your names? >> Hi. >> Say hi to my name is Kayla. >> Oh, hello Kayla. Rick. >> Hello. >> You're a celebrity, too. We see you all. you guys every time. >> Thank you so much. >> On the the stream also sometimes. >> Sometimes. >> Yeah. When she's here. >> We're actually a little bit jealous. >> A Josh. Josh is at school today. Yeah. Let's take a picture. He's a teacher, so he's got to teach the kids. >> How's your mom? >> She's doing better. Thank goodness. Chloe getting strength back. >> Perfect. >> Give them your dad to come to China. >> Of course. Thanks for watching. >> Really helps me with watches all the time. >> A thank you. Bye. I love your shirt. That is adorable. You like doggies? >> Me, too. >> All right. Bye. Have a good day. A >> Bye. A. She's so cute. >> That's so cute. >> A adorable. >> Cute. Hopper family. >> Love it when the little girls are. >> I know. That was adorable. >> Boys are too, but like little girls are just like heroes. >> Exactly. >> Jenna when they grow up. A that's adorable. So all right. Cindy Rose says, "I hope they bring Mary Poppins like earlier propose." Yeah, like we were just talking, you know, we were saying we wish our Josh had pull, but it would be even better if I did. >> Uhhuh. >> I'm just just kidding. I like the kid. All right. What do they have over here? >> They got a ton of Winnie the Poo something. >> Yeah, that's >> Oh, it's a shoulder pouch. Oh, that's really cute. >> Yeah, we got to go see this. >> If you got the dress, then you'd need that. >> Oh my goodness. They have a lot. >> Exactly. >> A He is adorable. >> 27.99. And you got to pick the right one cuz like >> some of their some of their noses are a little smooshed. Maybe you want that. I don't know. But he's so cute. >> Like his nose is pretty good. >> Mhm. >> But he's actually a good one. >> Yeah. Yeah, he is a good one. >> Balanced. >> Adorbs. Ears. I love Rue. He's one of my favorites. Piglet and Rue are probably my faves out of the Winnie the Poo gangs. >> Yours is Tigger, right? >> Mhm. I think Tigger. Mom's, of course, is is Winnie the Pooh. I think Josh and Dad also like Tiger. >> I don't think Dale really has a preference. >> That is Winnie the Pooa. Yes, Tim. Good job. >> Piglet is your fave, too. I feel like Piglet is my spirit animal. He's really shy and like really just like softspoken and kind of scaredy-cat, but whenever he needs to be brave, he is. And that's me. >> I love him. I also just love pigs. >> All right, let's see. I think the egg is probably in the garden. So, that's kind of where Yeah, let's go through the the garden area. Mano J is a poo poo girl. That's funny. That sounds funny, >> but I know what you mean. >> Here's our maple popcorn that we need. >> Yeah, there's no line for it right now. >> There is no line. This is the time to get it. >> All right, let's before we get ran over, let's head >> this way. Yeah, we found the people. You're mad at Dale because he golfed without you. He golfs quite a bit. >> Mhm. >> Uh Tim loves Eeyore. Eeyore is me. He says a There's the Canadian goose. >> Yeah. Rabbit. You don't see rabbit very often. This is true. >> Eeyore. Eeyore is Josh's wife's favorite. Steph's fave. Oh, that's cool. I'm not sure I've seen that. the flag. >> Oh man, you can smell them making popcorn now. >> Um, okay. Maybe it's not in the garden. Maybe >> the last one is going to be the tricky one. I guess >> the thing is more of a rip off that >> maybe down this. >> Oh, one of the buildings. Oh, maybe it is up there. Okay. Well, we can go the back way, I guess. Sometimes it lags back here, guys. So just refresh if it does. >> Maybe I mean Oswald was almost a Thank you, Cindy. Oh, yeah. Let's go visit Amara. Do you have some uh Tim Hortons and uh um ketchup chips waiting for us in your apartment? And Mara says, "We just want you to walk around Canada and see all the pretty stuff." It's true. It is gorgeous. >> Beautiful. Beautiful. Heat. Heat. Oh, they have tables up here. Oh, >> nice. >> Yeah. Oh, and a bathroom. I have never been in that bathroom. >> It's very It's kind of new, but it's really small. >> Is it Is it a one person? Okay, >> good to know. Well, at least they have one. >> Okay. >> Is that a This it's a what? >> I don't think it's an actual lounge, but >> Okay. >> Maybe it's a >> maybe where they like sell it in. Okay. >> Well, there we go, guys. It's the Mad Hatter. >> Wait, is that Yeah, >> that's awesome. All right. Well, let me Oh, yeah. I didn't get a picture. We did it. Tim had Tim Hortons on Saturday. Nice. Well, we did it. What's our prize? >> Whatever prize you want. >> That's right. I love that plan. >> The march hair. Sorry. The marchair. The mad hatter is the man. Yep, the sun is suning. >> It's a suning. >> All right, let's see what the wait times are. Maybe we could ride a ride. >> And I got it. I got >> If not, we can always go see the fishies in the aquarium. I always love to do that. >> Okay, >> well, >> it shows no weight times, and I know that's not true. Let me pull it up on my sometimes on my stream. >> Oh, where is it? Right there. Yes. >> I know. Seriously. Okay, we've got Journey to Imagination 20, Spatial War 35, Guardians 110, Test Track 135. Test track's more than Guardians. >> Um, like a big teenager. >> Living with the Land is 45. I'm glad we did that earlier. >> Uh what else? Saurin's 65. Nemo and Friends is 50. >> Holy moly. Okay. Well, you know, >> it says Grand Fiesta is only five times. >> Oh, does it? Okay. You guys want to do Grand Fiesta? >> Pigment 20. >> Yeah. Okay. Hey, >> hold my hand. >> Five for Grand Fiesta. Okay, let's go do that one. >> Yeah. I like five minutes. >> Me too, actually. >> That one never gets like super super long. I mean, maybe 20 30 at the most. >> But >> yeah. Okay, here's something that happened yesterday at my house and I was like, what is Oh, before we do that, we need to plug in. Hold that thought. Put a put a pen in it. We have 8% left. >> Oh, wow. >> Wow. >> Oh my goodness. >> Yep. The morning has flown by. >> It has. Might hold something. >> Yes, please. Thank you. Oh my goodness gracious. >> Yep. When you're on your scavenger hunt, you just forget all the other things. It still feels like, you know, we're in the first hour, too. It's flown by. >> I know. I agree. >> Okay, let's see. >> All right, guys. We got you. We got you. >> There we go. Yep. charging. Perfect. Thank you. >> Awesome. All right. Thank you so much. >> Oh, yeah. The pea shaw whip was amazing. We did try it one Friday night. >> Okay, take the pen out. What I was going to say, so yesterday I was home just doing, you know, adultting stuff and relaxing. I finally finished the last season of uh Bridgetgerton and just different, you know, all the things. So, I was just kind of, you know, having a chill day, deal with golfing with Andy, actually. And um yeah, so I'm in the kitchen putting some dishes away and all of a sudden I see this bird flying to the yard and I was like, "Oh, it looked like a big one." So I looked in the yard to see what it was. Well, it's just a crow. But then I noticed it was like kind of like dancing around almost like it had something. I was like, "Oh, does it have a lizard or something?" >> Happy dance. >> Yeah, look what I got. >> Right. So I was like So I looked out a little bit further and then I saw this like little brown creature and I was like, "What is that? Is that a squirrel?" I'm like, it was and it was a crow. It wasn't a hawk. It wasn't. >> And I was like, wait. So then I went out the back into the lai that we have. And I was like, oh my word, it was a rat. >> He had carried the rat into the yard and then dropped it. >> Like he was bringing you a piece off. >> I don't know what was happening. And then of course, as soon as I went out, scared the crow. And then the rat ran through the fence. Luckily, it could run through the fence. That is very >> I did not know crows >> ate either rodents >> anyways. Ew. I was like ew ew e ew. But also don't kill him. >> I didn't want him in my house either. But I mean >> really creepy. >> He was outside. >> Gross. I know. Ew. Right. >> So this makes sense cuz you remember the one time I told the story of when Dale was out of town and I was taking Chloe out in the back and there was a dead rat on our back um bricks. That might make sense if they carry him in there. >> They dropped to kill them. Oh, so he dropped it and was gonna kill it, but then when I came out, I spooked the crow and then the rat got away. >> Crows kill birds and rodents. What? >> I did not know this. >> I didn't realize. >> I thought I didn't know they were carnivores. >> Me neither. Okay. I thought they like just scavenged, you know, like garbage. >> Yeah. >> I mean, I guess >> I didn't think they were that big. >> Like they're not as big as a hawk. >> That is interesting. >> Very interesting. Cuz rats are not small. >> No, >> like a mouse is small. >> It makes sense though. >> Yep, it does. >> Wow. Okay. Well, there you go. >> Yep. >> Mhm. I guess they're predators. >> I learned something yesterday. That's for sure. >> I know. >> I know. >> Where he dropped the rats. Yeah. >> Oh my goodness. So gross. >> So I wonder if I whenever he dropped the other rat. It was already dead though because it was just laying there. And I brought Chloe out that day. I was like, "Oh, gross." And then when I when I came back Oh, no. My dad took it. That's right. I had Dad help me out. Yeah, we could come get the >> Will you please? >> I would have done that, too. >> So, he did. He even washed off the bricks for me. He's very nice. Um, but apparently, yeah, I I mean, I didn't I just wanted to go see what was happening. I'm like, what is he doing? But I saved the rat's life. >> At least it didn't fall in your dolphin pool. Oh my goodness. That's right, Tim. That's true. or scare your baby elephant or my baby giraffe. >> Exactly. >> Okay. The Mexican food smells >> so good right now. >> Really good. >> Like so good. >> We might have to do that for lunch cuz you know, fun fact, if you get that, you can go into the indoor seating and eat it. >> Okay, that might be lunch. What do you think? That sounds really good. >> Mhm. >> All right. Grand Fiesta. Let's do it. >> I hope not everybody saw it was five and now it's like >> I think so. >> 30. >> Maybe we're going to this bar. >> Oh, that's probably it. Mhm. >> That's probably it. >> All these kids are going to this bar. >> Yes. into this room. >> Uhhuh. Like going in a haunted house or Yeah. haunted mansion. Okay. >> I think it's more than five now, but it's not bad. We're going to go see It does feel amazing in here. So, >> all right, guys. Let's chat about um let's see. We did David Vacation Club Reynolds. Let's talk about um Dreamtable. Dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to get a really hard to get reservation at one of the Disney um restaurants, go to dreamtable.co. >> Yes, exactly. go over there, pull put in your information, you know, the day you want, how many people, uh, the time, all the things, and then they will notify you whenever it becomes available. So again, dreamtable.co. You can go to the app store and download it or at dreamtable.co. Check them out. Yeah. Soon we will hopefully get the I was at the time. Oh, it was already gone. >> Oh my goodness. Crazy. Crazy. All right. One day. One day. Did this. It must have gone up. >> We do with people who have resort reservations where they can book their dining starting with day one of their resort reservations through the end of their stay. Whereas like we have to wait till like 60 days out from the actual day. >> You're right. Good point. >> Didn't even think about that. >> Yep. >> Eventually it'll die down a little bit and >> like it's a little easier to get now. >> Yeah. >> You know, so eventually >> eventually. However, it is a lot smaller. >> Yes. >> Yeah. We we found the crowd. No way. >> I said that to be like, "Dude, did I just learn your native language?" >> I know. This is crazy. >> I know. >> They stopped right behind. >> Hey, Serena. How are you? Welcome in. the like button. Subscribe if you're new. Also, check out um Behind the Ride and Disney Demy Mystified. These are books on Amazon. Um Behind the Ride explains how some of your favorite rides are created. You can get the ebook, the hard coverver copy, or even the audio book for Disney Demystified. Check it out, everybody. >> Oh my goodness, Julie. I don't know. >> Wow, that is a mess. I'm so sorry. >> This restaurant is so yummy. And what a great view. I must be uh craving Mexican food cuz Uhhuh. >> This looks good. The one out there looks good. Yeah, exactly. 10 minutes. Okay, that's not bad. >> Join the three caviieros on a leisurely musical boat cruise through Mexico. Love it. Hope they turn hope you they want to you want to turn it into a cocoa ride. Okay, that would be cool. I would miss Donald and friends, but that would be fun. I like coco, too, so >> I get that. Yep. I bet you're right, Julie. That's crazy. Oh my goodness. We have reservations there for our um next trip. Never been. Looking forward to it. Oh, Kelly, it's it's awesome. Good food, good atmosphere. You're going to like it. This is one of the most squishy lines. >> It reminds me of Disneyland. Fantasy Land where it's like really squishy. Squishy. >> Yeah, in Fantasy Land. Yep. >> Hi, Nanny Pear. How are you? >> You're so welcome. Peter Pan in Disneyland. >> So squishy. Oh my goodness. and Alice, too. It's like Pinocchio, but they're all great rides, so you just do it. Hey, Jody, we're joining you on the ride while sitting on the sofa in the UK, eating popcorn, pretending it's Disney popcorn. Love, Jody, Finn, and Raph. A I love that. Enjoy your popcorn. All right, we're going ceiling stream cuz we're in the awkward line. awkward. >> I was already tried to >> Yeah. Jose Carco and Donald threeos you know we are birds of our >> Hi si my reflexes are messing up and I'm Got your back. All right, we can stop staring at the ceiling now. >> We're almost there. We're almost there, guys. Fun fact about crows are omnivores, optimistic eaters and or optunistic eaters and will eat fruit, nuts, snakes, smaller birds, and rodents. If you put out food for them, they will probably stop. Okay, interesting. >> Hi, Deborah. All right. I don't know why we're lagging. Hopefully, it'll stop. Sorry, guys. >> Uh, we have two. Can I do >> Oh, that's amazing. Thank you. All right, guys. Here we go. >> I couldn't tell if it was dirty or just a stamp, you know. >> Yeah, probably. >> All right, here we go. Enjoy. the meeting. And you do have to 67 Welcome. I am Jose and this is I DON'T KNOW WHO THE is this way. Heat. Heat. Where you going? Yes. Yes. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Excuse me. Where are you? Yes. destroy. Honey. Now you shut I don't know yet. They say we are feather. you and we're always together. We sing. We >> thanks for coming to the show. Get us on door again. >> Hey, get yourself your Remember to stay safe. Yeah. Hallelujah. All right, Guys, sorry for the little lag. >> Yeah, the line's still pretty long. >> Getting longer. >> All right. Well, let's head on out of here. >> Hey, Super Dad. How are you? All right. Oh, no. You're okay. No worries. Ticker tail. John says, "So fun." So fun. Somebody singing or is that is that the right music? My goodness. >> Yeah, you just missed it. But all you have to do is rewind a little bit and you can watch it. >> That's what's nice about the stream. You can always rewatch parts for sure. All right. >> Hey, photo gear fun. How are you? Good to see you. Me too, Britney. I like love this pavilion. >> Super fun and it's got really good food. >> Yep. The clouds came. >> It looked a little >> Uhhuh. That was like That was pretty quick cuz it was sunny when we got in. >> Oh no. Well, let's head this way back towards the front. >> So, that's the way we want to head anyhow. >> You can use it right now. >> And yeah, doing well. We're moving to the villages. Oh, that's amazing. Congrats. Hi, Karen from Arizona. And Olly Roger is here. Tim says, "And they have margaritas." >> Yes, they do, Tim. And they're delicious. Currently eating a strawberry pineapple swirl dough whip because one of our local restaurants have them. >> That's nice, Britney. >> I love when local restaurants have dough whip. >> Mhm. >> They didn't used to, but now they do. >> Okay, to the front. >> Thanks for,00 likes and 1,400 people in the chat. Glad we can tell how many are there now. See my phone. I got my phone somewhere. Here it is. I know. We want to thank our um awesome here. Let's just do it right over here. Our awesome um platinum members of the channel. Again, don't forget to go check out my Universal vlog over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. one of the moppers wants to post a link. That would be awesome. Awesome. I'd really appreciate you guys going to check it out if you want to see some unboxings. A lot of new merch, Harry Potter merch, um Universal specific merch. They had a new Loungefly that lit up. >> Yes, >> it was really cool. There was a lot of add to cart moments. Uh it wasn't just HHN. So, if you're not into that, there's other stuff, too. Oh, and a butterbeer treat. >> All right. Yeah, YouTube was definitely having a Mondayish Monday. Oh, shoot. I got to go to Resort TV1 and then we're going to pull up the um platinum members and thank the platinum members. So, we have All right, here we go. We have Haley Noel, uh, Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy 1, Tiffany Mertz, Go Love Go Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, My Crazy Grownup Life, Chuck Paulie, The Amazing Jayla Moxley, Skander, Durani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Fismo, and Alan Chay. Thank you to all of our awesome platinum members of the channel. all of our members of the channel as well as Patreon members, all of our moppers, hoppers, and boppers. Oh, and shoppers. Can't forget them. Thank you, Amara, for posting that. All righty. Well, um I think we're going to wrap it up just in case it does start to rain. Uh we're going to go get some lunch, take some cover. Um but yeah, thanks for watching. Pop the like, subscribe if you're new, leave a comment afterwards. That that always helps, too. And hello to all of our replay watchers. Thank you for watching the replay as well and our ninja watchers. All right, let's selfie it up. Hope you guys enjoyed the um scavenger hunt. Even though we, you know, we made it our own and it was still fun. I'm glad we still got to do it. So, >> all right, and thanks to Sharon for helping mark off the eggs and all the things. All right, everybody. Well, we'll see you soon. Josh will be live tomorrow. I don't know about Wednesday yet, so stay tuned. I'm hoping to be live um probably in the afternoon. So, all right, guys. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye bye.
