---
video_id: BVNQl2ov1g4
channel: ResortTV1
title: "What's New at Disney Springs - February 2026 - Lots of NEW Merch, New Food & An Unboxing Too!"
published: 2026-02-11
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVNQl2ov1g4
---
Hey guys, this is Jenna with Resort TV1. Today I'm here with mom and dad and uh we're at Disney Springs. We're going to go see what's new for the month of February. So I hoping there's some new merch. We're going to go on the world of Disney, the co-op, of course, the blind box store. Um and maybe try some new food as well. So let's go. Well, we had to park in the orange garage um because the lime is still under under construction till I think it said March 12th. So, we're walking over. Beautiful morning today. It's going to be a gorgeous day. We're going to start at uh World of Disney. It is 10:35. Um the shops open at 10:00 a.m. So, not super busy right now on a Tuesday. And again, the Lime Garage is under refurb, so nobody's able to use it right now. Well, we made it to World of Disney. Let's go inside and see what's new. Thanks. Here we go. They do have a new Wishable. They've got the train conductor Mickey Wishable. You might need him, Dad. Isn't he cute? He is 1999. They have some Easter plushies. We've got Mickey as a little chick here. He is so cute. And then Minnie Mouse is the cutest bunny. Look at her. Oh my goodness, she's adorable. Let's see. They are $29.99 each. I think Mickey is for the Chinese New Year, I think. I'm I'm guessing he is $29.99. He's really cute. We have some new plushies here. Well, Doug isn't new, but he's adorable. He's from Up. Then we have um from Emperor's New Groove. That's Cusco. And we have a Kermit one now. Finally. Uh they are $34.99. Another new plushie we have here is Oswald. He is so cute. You don't see very many Oswald things. $29.99. They got a a Squash Mellow Figment. He's so cute. He's again $29.99. They have a ton of the Dalmatian Wishables. They are so stinking cute. And then they have the Zootopia ones. I love these, too. I'd really want the sloth. Lots and lots of plushies. This one is new for Tangled 15year anniversary, which is crazy. Um, she is $49.99, but she is beautiful. Look at her. Look at her hair. Adorable. Here is another new thing they have. So, they have all the little character faces as flowers, and they're adorable. Mom's pointing out Chip and Dale. We've got Chip over here, Dale over here. Here they are $16.99. And I got mom Winnie the Pooh for a early Valentine's gift. Of course, I got Stitchy for myself. And then we've got Mickey and Minnie. I do really like Minnie. She's cute. And they also have all of the Tiana's Bayou critters on sale right now. So, um $15 when you buy two. Oh my goodness. This is new. Uh-oh. I'm going to need this. It's $25. But look, you can get one of these characters. I want Stitch, Kermit, or Mr. Toad. So, they're really into these tiny little bags right now, which I love. This one is so cute. And these are Loungefly. They are $25. So, they're the same price, but these, you know what you're getting. Um, they also have this little black one. They have this little pink one and a rose gold. All $25. We have this off tothe ball shirt with Cinderella slipper for $46.99. And this is brand new. I haven't seen this yet. It's a nice pretty pink and it has all um embroidered here on the front with different things from the princesses. Got the mirror from Belle, the dingle hopper, of course. It is $69.99 and it says kindness, courage, and dreams on the sleeve. That's cute. And they have a t-shirt, too. I think I showed this in my last one, but they also have all the things on the t-shirt. The t-shirt is $42.99. Again, it is embroidered. Um, but yeah, here's here's the sweat or the sweatshirt. That's really cute. I think it's 70, right? Yeah, $69.99. They have a little Valentine section right here. All the pinks and things. They've got the Loungefly. They've had this out for a while, but I do love it. It's uh $80. And I love the love cup. $1 199.99. And more Valentiney things. They've got this shirt, which again we've seen before. I think $46.99. But these are new. So they have these all in this cute little heartshaped box. And you got necklace and earrings. And then this one is bright pink. It's gold. Um but yeah, it's got the pink necklace and the pink earrings. See how much it is. So, they are $45 for the set. Those are really pretty. Yeah, this is adorable. This pullover, the most magical place on earth, it says on the back. And then here is maybe show you the front. Here's the front. Just has the castle little half button there and a collar. It is $59.99 for this one. We have a new Minnie Mouse baseball tea or baseball jersey. There we go. Not a tea. $79.99. There's the back. And look at the front. Got sparkles. So pretty. I love it. Red. And they have the Minnie Mouse um dress back in stock for $59.99. It has built-in shorts, which is great. Oh, yeah. And I love this. This is adorable. They also have this baseball tea for Minnie Mouse. So, it says 28 on the back. And then here's the front. That one's really cute as well. It is. I think again. Oh, this one's $79.99. Oh, probably. So, the other one, that one was also $79.99. I know I probably said that. I just forgot. Um, but yeah, look at this cute visor. Oh my goodness. I love this. This is adorable. Uh, $32.99. Minnie Mouse visor and then you can get your mini mini bag. See what I did there? Your mini mini bag. That is adorable. Better and better. I'll be here all week. That is so cute. Well, they have all the Lounge Flies back here. Um I think a lot of them are new. We've seen the Figment one, the Small World or Fantasy Land, I should say. These are new though. So, they've got some fanny packs right here. Mom found one she's gonna need. These are Loungefly. Um, and they're really cute. So, you got Winnie the Pooh. You've got little bees on the on the strap. Honey, and then the other side has a bee. So, again, they are Loungefly. They are $65. Bless you. And, uh, we also have a Stitchy one. For $65. got Stitch on one side and Scrump on the other. And then we've got um the Minnie Mouse one. But yes, they are um a fanny pack. Super cute. Just kidding. I think it's just a side bag. Mom Mom had it there. And yeah, that's cute. I like these a lot. I just assumed they were fanny packs. Yeah. Well, they do have um the large face tote bags, but they do have the small ones as well. And they've got Mickey and the mini one we saw earlier. So, they do have both in stock. I think these are $29.99, but I'm not seeing a price on them. And they have these cute little keychains. So, we have Daisy, Donald, Winnie. Oh, that's so cute. These are $29.99. But wait, there's more. Here's Stitchy. We have the Matt or not Mad Hatter, the White Rabbit from Alice and Marie. And these, I believe, are the reusable bags that you put on your bag. So, you have a bag, a bag on a bag. Um, but this one, I think these are just little pouches. So, these are $16.99. This one, this one doesn't say. H, look at the inside. It's the Winnie the Pooh map of the 100 Acre Woods. Okay, that's cute. Are you adding to cart? It's a Valentine's Day. A there you go. I love that. Me, too. So, I just noticed that Stitch is stitched all over the bag. That is so cute. What a cool detail. Actually, had to come to the ear section to see if anything was new. Um, these are fairly new. The pirate ones. Those are really fun. They've got a ton of the villains ones. is getting ready for Villains Land or Halloween. Either way, these are new since we were here last. These are the new Cinderella ears. They're really pretty. They have that glass slipper there in the middle. Back looks the same. I believe they are $36.99. I think that's what ears are now. Not seeing any new ones yet. I do love these Figment ones. I'm glad they still have them. Aren't those cute? Um, and yeah, I think that that's about it. I did spot the new ears that just came out. These are so pretty. The new pink ears, and they're uh kind of like ombre from the top down there. And then they have little Mickey pearls. Aren't those cute? $36.99. They also have these Valentine ears. Of course, you can wear them anytime, but they are very Valentiney. Um, again, $36.99. And then these are new, too. the Mickey um or mini balloon ears. And these are Loungefly, so these are pretty expensive. I forget. I think they're like they $48.99 or something like that. So, yeah, they're a little pricey. Here we go. $46.99. So, we're up front here. And I love that they have all the bags, the backpacks, all the things up here, and they displayed them very nicely. Love it. Love it. But this this is adorable. This is a Disney bag. Very similar to the one that I use when I stream. Um it's got a spot for your ears in there. I love the gold um accent with the zippers. It is a little more than the other ones. It's $54.99 instead of I think $49.99, but it's adorable. And then we have this off-white quilted one down here. We got a backpack and the fanny pack. The backpack is Oh, this one is 54 as well. $54.99. These are $44.99. Then you have these adorable bags. They are so soft. Little Mickey purses. Um well, it doesn't say how much they are, but you've got the the tan or taupe, whatever you want to call it. And then the black one. But I also really like this pink one. And so this one is more like canvasy. Um so this one is $49.99. So this is just like $5 cheaper. But it's also adorable. And you can get a tiny tiny little backpack to match. And the tiny little backpack is $19.99. They also have a tiny little uh like fanny pack here and a tote bag. Oh my goodness, those are cute. And yeah, this is the bigger version. Um like the tan tote color. These are a little more. These are uh $59.99. So not that much more. They do have Yeah, they have the black. Um and then I have this bag and I love it. It holds a lot of things and even your ears. So, I'm loving this bag right here. This one is $44.99. It's a Disney bag, not not Loungefly. And then they have the newspaper looking one here. I love this for $39.99. It says, "Love be mine, Minnie and Mickey." And then this one as well. This one is $39.99, too. This one gives me Coach vibes. However, it's not. It's a Disney bag. It's $49.99. Plain on the back. And then this is the bag that I carry around all the time and I love it so much. I love all the parks on it. Um but yeah, that's my bag. And they've got other things to match. The hat and the fanny pack. $34.99. Yeah. And here's a couple more. You've got the Minnie Mouse polka dot one and then the Minnie Mouse with the bows. Okay. That is adorable. It is uh $54.99 and that one's $44.99. So the canvas one is $10 cheaper. Yeah. They also have these brand new baseball jerseys for the princesses. So we've got Belle. Love Belle. This one is $79.99. It's got books on the sleeve. The back has 91 when Beauty and the Beast came out with the rose. That is so pretty. I like that. And then we've got Tinkerbell. I don't think this one's new, but it's still cute. It's Tinkerbell. Um, it says 53 when Tinkerbell came out or Peter Pan, I guess. And it's uh Tinker there. Yeah. $79.99, I believe. This one though is my absolute favorite. It is Rapunzel. Yes. Thanks, Mom. And it's got the two-tone with the purple and the pink. Two of my favorite colors. Yep. Pascal. And it's again $79.99. It's got the flowers and let's check out the back. Rapunzel. And I think it did it come out in 2010. Really? Yeah, I guess. And I love the lanterns. So pretty. This one's my favorite. I think they don't have a They had a Little Mermaid one, but it's gone now. And that was my fave. Yeah. Like spring colors. Is that what It's very springy. Yeah. Yeah. But it's also the colors of, you know, like Belle. She wears Oh, you're right. Tangled. Rapunzel wears these colors. And then this one is Jasmine. And we've got Raja. And then we've got the lamp. And then here's the back. We've got Jasmine 92 when Aladdin came out. And then you can see Agraba in there. Again, $79.99 for these amazing jerseys. But wait, there's one more. We've got Tiana. We've got Ray the lightning bug over there. There we've got the flower, Tiana's crown there, and then the back says Tiana and09. Again, $79.99. This is fairly new since we've been here. I think I can't remember if I've showed this, but I love all the sayings on here. We've got Montreal Magic, Castle Selfie, Snack It Up, meet and greet, front row seats, and live happily ever after. And it is 36.99. It is that a little bit wider, you know, shorter look that they're going with, but it's a cute shirt. And here is the brand new bag this year. Kind of looks like the one I have, but I love this one. I love the colors. It's really cute. I also love that the back the back and the bottom are dark colors, so if you set it down, it won't get dirty. $49.99. Again, it holds your ears. And I just love all the pockets and things. Great bags. This is a new sweatshirt. Love Minnie and Mickey there in the teacup. It's embroidered and then the back is really cool. So, it's got Walt Disney World embroidered across the back. Very neat. It is again the shorter, boxier fit, so it doesn't work for if you're a bit taller like me, but it is $59.99. Well, these are new. We've got the shorts here, uh, like athletic shorts. You got Mickey ears. Um, how much are you $44.99 for the shorts. It is nice. I mean, sometimes you spill on your shorts when you're at the park and you're like, I need to go buy some shorts. Luckily, they have some. Well, 626 day is going to be coming up today. And my friend Ivonne told me it's going to be 62626 cuz it's, you know, 2026. And I'm like, well, dang, now I need this. That's so funny. 626 26. Yeah. What's that make it? 62626. 26. 26. 26. Yeah. Isn't that crazy? I know. I just blew mom and dad's mind. It is a cute jersey. Here's a cute little stitchy backpack. I haven't seen this one yet. Um, it's very small, so I would say more for kiddos. It's $39.99, but it is adorable. They have the baseball tea one as well. Loving this one. So stinking cute. Again, it says 626 on the back. We have a brand new Winnie the Poo pillow. Life was meant for good friends and great adventures. Oh my goodness. They might be in trouble. $34.99. Oh, look at the back. It's got the map. Oh, just like the shirt. That is cute, too. That is really cute, isn't it? And then the front we got little embroidered Yeah. Winnie and Piglet. And it is $42.99. Mom's found some uh Minnie Mouse flip-flops for $ 199.99. That's a good deal. I mean, they're not like they have no support, but they're cute. Those are adorable. They are. Love it. Walking around the parks all day. Yeah. No, not for the parks. For the for the beach. Yes. And the pool. And pool. We have some new sweatshirts. These are very collegic looking. I like these a lot. That Don't they look collegic? Yes. Um it is, let's see, $54.99. Okay. Plain on the back. It's a lighter weight um sweatshirt or t-shirt almost. Little thicker than a normal t-shirt, but not much. Here's another one for that collection. I love it. Again, very collegic Mickey there. And we've got it for how much? $42.99. There's also a hat in this collection. Love the blue. It's got Mickey there on the side. And it is How much is it? It is $32.99 for the hat. They also have a water bottle for this whole new line that they've got here. And it's a it's a tin water bottle. $39.99. There's shorts in this collection for $39.99. They're just like, you know Oh, they do have the Mickey on the They're like a sweatpant material. Yeah. And then this sweatshirt is also part of that new collection. and it's giving me big time '90s vibes, but I like it. Let's check out the back. It is a hoodie. And then we've got Mickey there. And it says 71 for $79.99. It is a nice um thicker H. It's not super thick actually, but it's a nice It's a nice one. It's got some weight. Embroidery on the back. Yeah, embroidery. And then it's hood. The hood. Yeah. And then it's got the buttons there on the front. So, yeah, it's a very nice sweatshirt. But wait, there's one more thing. We've got this uh polo. I was trying to think of the word. Polo for $54.99. That's a nice polo. Nice blue color. So, they have some really pretty dolls here. First, we've got Carl and Ellie. So pretty. I know these are not cheap. And then look at Belle. Oh my goodness, she is beautiful. Her dress. This is one that you keep in the box. You don't play with these. These are just for pretties. We found the price. They are $149.99. And here is I think this is Aurora. Or is it Cinderella? I think it's Aurora. Her crown looks like Aurora. Very pretty. Oh, yeah. Cuz it has the rose for the thorn. Okay. I've seen these before. They've got Max from Ariel. They've got Raja from Aladdin, but I've never seen them out. This is so cute. Look, she's got a little sleep mask and and a little pacifier. There's the carpet, her bed, and then here's Max up here. Oh my goodness, that is adorable. I would have loved this as a kid. These are brand new, too. So, they've got some Disney ducks. They have a little Stitch. They've got Mickey. They have um Buzz and Woody from Toy Story. Uh let's see. Mom sees Tiger. Cute. Um yep. We've got Ariel right here. Oh, who's that? Moana. Ariel. So many. There's Donald down here. Oh, and mom. They've got Winnie. There's Winnie and Elsa. Oh my goodness. I see Olaf. Hang on. There's Olaf. He is so cute. Look at Olaf. Specials on your Jeep. Yes. In your Jeep if you have one. I do not. Yeah. Okay. These are adorable little kid jackets. You've got Minnie Mouse. You've got Mickey Mouse. We've got Oh, look at the backs. We've got Minnie on the back of this one embroidered. And then we've got Oh, the whole gang. A. Oh, so this is uh $79.99 for these, but they are very nice jackets. I think this is a new shirt. We've got a black shirt. Walt Disney and Pluto embroidered on the front there. $36.99. That is adorable. And then these are fairly new. We've seen this one before, which I love. This one is new. It's a Loungefly. And the fireworks light up and I think they blink, which is really cool. Oh. Um, $100. 90. You're close. $90. And it does have an uh ear pouch, too. So, you can put your ears in this pocket. Wow. So, this one already had the the thing pulled, you know, so somebody had already tested it. Look at that. Okay. That is amazing. It definitely is. So cool. As you're walking behind it. Well, we saw Pluto on the other side. And now we have Mickey embroidered on this white shirt. Again, $36.99. Here's one for dad. Goofy. These uh the letters are embroidered. It's $59.99. And it's a nice soft sweatshirt. Plain on the back. Oh, yeah. And And when it's cold, you want dark colors to absorb the sun. This is Yeah, you do. It's cold in here. Look, we've got the whole gang embroidered on the back for $69.99. I think it's a zip-up hoodie. Yep. Plain on the front. It just says Mickey and Friends. Love it. Dad really liked this one. Mickey Mouse Club. It is $44.99. It is plain on the back. Very lightweight. It's a t-shirt material. And then you got the hat to match. Honorary member. Um and it is Oh, here we go. $29.99. So, mom found this hoodie. Pretty yellow color. And then you've got Minnie Mouse. Uh oh, something broke. We got Minnie Mouse's hat here on the front. I love it. It is a It's a hoodie. Pull over. $ 69.99. I think it's Yep. Just plain on the back. Nice. Yeah. So, when Josh and I were here the other night, uh we noticed these really cool Mickey Mouse jackets. They are $99.99, $100. But let's see. You want to show us the back, Mom? Yeah. They're thick, too. They're nice, the coat. And then Mickey on the back. That's pretty nice. Isn't that fun? I love it. And that's an extra small. Yep. It's pretty big. But you want your coats a little bit bigger. Yeah. And look, there's a Mickey bucket hat here for the sun. $36.99. Looks like a lamb hat. We also have some Minnie Mouse t-shirts here. I love the details on the sleeve. $36.99. And then there's the pink. This one's very Valentiney. I actually really like that. Uh $36.99 again. Love it. These earrings are fairly new. So, we've got some strawberries for the summer. We've got Mickey ice cream bars. I love the lemons. I think those are so cute. Small world. Of course, mom likes the teacups. And then we've got um Dole Whip. So, the Doe Whip are rose, which is $29.99. These are also $29.99. And then the lemons are emerald. $24.99. Oh, and look, there's Mickey pretzels. They do have these park days in latte cups. These are so cute. This one is $49.99. Otherwise, I would 100% get this, but it can be for hot or cold drinks, which is very nice. I love that. And then they have this one for hot drinks. $44.99. Oh, I think this one's fairly new for uh hot drinks. Again, $49.99, I believe. This one is brand new, and I might need this. It is $29.99. Again, says Park Days and Lattes. One of my favorite things ever is Park. Oh, this thing is very wobbly. Um, but they are $29.99, which is not too bad. So, we have some cute new pillows and um some throw blankets. This one is really fun from the aristocrats. Ladies do not start fights, but they can finish them. Exactly. $49.99. A little pricey for that. But I do love this Minnie Mouse bow pillow. This one is like a twill. $39.99. So, a little bit better. And then we have the Living in Fantasy Land one. That one's so cute. This one's also $49.99. A little bit pricey. This throw blanket is amazing. It looks like the pillow. Um, and it is $84.9. It is a nice thick blanket, but wow, that's pricey. Yeah. And then we've got the Mickey pillow down here. Yes, you're paying for the poof, Mom says. Um, and I don't know how much this is. Oh, here we go. $34.99. I love these Mickey pillows. They're nice and soft. And then we have a ton of these um Stanley looking cups and they're so cute. They are $54.99 but they're really big. I love that these are ride vehicles but they have succulents in the ride vehicles. It's so cute. And then this one is very cute as well. We've got this one back here. And then we have a trash can one. And then down here we have Mickey roses. So pretty. And bows. And then a castle one. So, this one is cheaper. This one's $44.99. The smaller ones are $44.99. The bigger ones are $54.99. These are fun. They've had these for a little while, but I'm not sure I've showed them on a on a on a vlog before. So, they're little um straw toppers. So, we've got Minnie Mouse. They're all $9.99. Minnie Mouse, Mickey Mouse, we've got a pink Mickey, a cupcake Minnie. We've got the sorcerer hat, Mickey, the Montreal. Okay, that's really cool. And then down here we have Main Street trash can and Madam Leota Mansion. There's a couple new corksicles, the big Stanley cups as well. These are $54.99 as well. Castle on both sides. And then we've got a Zootopia one back here, too. So cute with all the characters. Dad found some new coloring books. We've got a princess one. This one they've had before, but it is a good one. It's a classic. We got that one. Yep. We got this one for mom the last time we were here. Cute Winnie the Pooh one. Oh, and look at these princess set of three pins. Those are fun, too. I like that. Got Avengers. Oh, a park activity set. Okay, that's fun. How much? $17.99. All right, fun. There's some brand new jackets. These are really nice jackets. Um $79.99. These would be great for springtime or early win, you know, early winter or normal winters here in Florida. They have this one and then they have this one. Looks like it's lined. Yeah, this one is lined. Um this one is $89.99. So, a little bit more because of the line. That's nice. There's my buddy. I'm kind of in the spitting section. I better move. We're going to Stitch is going to get us, Mom. Yep. We moved just in time. Good job, Stitch. So, Ghirardelli has a few things for Valentine's Day. You can buy five chocolate covered strawberries. You get the You get one for free. Um, so you'll get six. And they have a sundae, too. So, I don't see a picture of the Sunday, but it is a strawberry vanilla sundae with strawberry sauce and then a chocolate covered strawberry on the Sunday. I almost forgot. Today is Tuesday, which is usually new pen release days. Here is the line to check out those new pens at the uh pin trading store. And it is, let's see what time it is. Probably 11:00 by now. Oo, it's almost 12:00. It's 11:50. The co-op. I always love to come into the blind box store or the Disney dropbox is what it's called. So, we're gonna go see what's new today. Love this shop so much. It's dangerous. Thank you for sharing. No problem. No problem. Well, here are some of the new things that they have in the Dropbox. Look how stinking cute this is. So, these are the different options that you can get. I love this one so much. And then we've got Mickey. We have Steamboat Willie. And then Mickey. I opened one on Friday night and I got the Minnie Mouse one. So cute. There's a Chip and Dale. They're all so cute. And then they've got a Tron Stitchy. And you can get one of these Stitchies. Adorable. These are both $16.99. And then this one mom is so excited for. And uh we already both opened one, but we're going to get another one. These are so cute. And then um I'll show you the options that we can get. So they have two for fall, two for summer, two for winter, and two for spring. So there's a lot of options that you can get. And these are a little more cuz they are plushies. They are $21.99. So still not that bad. And then we've got the uh the princess ones. And you can get any of the princesses. And it looks like they all have an item like she's got flounder, a rose. That's my favorite. She's sitting down. You like Aurora? Yeah. just cuz you know she's cute on a bench. That's cute. We've got Rapunzel Mulan. I love that. Mushu is there. Belle. They're so pretty, aren't they? They're books. Yeah. $16.99 for those. And then we've got the villains. These are super fun, too. These are also $16.99. And then there's these. These are new. These are like little cubes. They're squishy. It looks like you can stack them, which is super fun. They look like a tin. They do. You're right. Good job, Mom. And they've got Lilo. They've got Winnie the Well, they've got Yeah, some of the Winnie the Poo gang, Mickey. Pluto. These are only $13.99. They are pretty small, but it looks like you can get all of these characters. These are so stinking cute. I love it. So, there's these options, and then they have these options. Oh my goodness, so many options. So, these are a different box. again. 13.99. These I went a little crazy with because I love these. Um, I got Pluto. A friend of mine gave me Dale cuz I didn't get Dale, so it was so sweet. Um, then we've got I think I got Mickey, Donald, and Goofy. So, I didn't get any of the ladies or Chip. These are $27.99. They're back in stock. There's Star Wars ones. Here we've got Grou, or as I like to say, Baby Yoda. These are both Well, this is $16.99. These are $19.99. These are cute. These are new. These are like little scenes from the movies from Zootopia. These are $19.99. I love the sloth one. Oh my goodness, the DMV. That is amazing. And then they've got all these characters. There's the sloth again. I love that. $19.99 for these guys. What the box looks like. And here's these that we saw earlier. Um, these are $25. And these are the ones that you can get. Well, I don't think you can get Mickey and Minnie. These these are sold out. Um, but you can get Toad Stitchy. You can get the uh Sorcerer Mickey Kermit. I might need one of these. We'll see. These bags, Jen. Yeah. Oh, that's awesome. That's what they look like. And then these are just the plain Lounge Flight ones, which are also cute. I think these are 25 as well. I might need one of these. We'll see. They have some um Pinocchio ones here. We've got Oh, this one he has Cleo on his head. That's so cute. Adorable. And then Jimmy Cricket and the little book. Kind of hard to see, but these are $16.99 for the Pinocchio ones. And then we've got the uh Nightmare Before Christmas ones. And I like that they're all sitting on a pumpkin. Oh my goodness. I want zero. $16.99. Oh my goodness, these are so cute. I love these. So, these are where when you unbox your your things in the shop, you put them here and take little pictures with them. So, you can set them, you know, like they're on Main Street USA in front of the castle. Oh, what a cute idea. I know. And they're fun. In a car ride or Yep. Main Street car ride. That's cool. By the train. Helps have somebody in the know. I love it. Yeah, I know. What is that? Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's what you do. You put them here. Good job. So, we're in the co-op now into Well, we're been in the co-op, but now we're in the little kitchen section. Um, and they've got some of the new castle merch. I'm really liking all the items here. So cute. Um, they even have postcards. Again, $3.99. The mug is $19.99. We got a little journal for $29.99. And then this throw blanket. That's nice. It's very soft. Um $84.99. The blankets are always pricey. And $19.99 for the photo book. Okay, we just noticed. I've seen these before, but I guess I didn't notice. So, they're countdown calendars. So, days maybe until your cruise. Um, they also have days until like the castle, so maybe when you come to Disney, the parks, and then they also have the months, so you can put, you know, the date, January 28th. And they are $50, um, $49.99, but they are solid wood. Very nice. Okay, so they have the comfy clothes and jammies in here, but I love this display right here. It's like where somebody would get ready, put their makeup on. They have their candle warmer here. And then they've got fun little polaroids with lights on the wall. Okay, this is really fun. Whoever's doing the displays at Disney Springs. Great job. Love it. Adding to the uh home vibes. They've got a couch displayed here. She's just chilling with all her Mickey pillows and her blankie. Oh, I love this blankie. This home blankie. Okay, that's cute. Yeah. Awesome. Hello. And if you were looking for the princess um baseball jerseys, they also have them here in the co-op store. And they also have the Mickey, Spider-Man, Ursula, Kella, and the Stitchy ones. And Baymax. So, we have a nice new hoodie here. I like the iridescent U Park icons there on the back. We got the Disney D on the front. It is a zip up. It is $59.99. Love the back of this t-shirt. Oh my goodness, that's adorable. And then here's the front. Walt Disney World with the Mickey balloons for $39.99. This is again more of that boxier fit shirt, but I do like that. That's adorable. Oh my goodness. I'm not sure I've ever seen this. Will you help me show this off? This is so cute. It's got lady right here on the bottom. says, "Walt Disney World." And it looks like she's got her um spaghetti. And then you go around this way and then there's with his spaghetti. Oh my goodness. I've never seen this. Um it is $59.99. Adorable. We've got a Pinocchio bag. These are made with recycled seat belts, which is pretty cool. I like that they do that. And it's a Shop Harveys. I haven't seen very many of these lately. Um, $228 for the bag. They have a fanny pack here. I think they had this, but now it's back in stock. You had me at Walt Disney World for $34.99. They also have those new pink iridesy um ombre ears here. And then I have this pair. That's why I didn't get this pair even though I really like them. Well, we're going to go to the Marketplace Snacks bubble waffle stand because they have some new ones. We showed these to you guys last time and I think I'm going to try one today. Just trying to decide which one I want. I might get the barbecue brisket one. Just a little worried. But it says sweet black pepper barbecue. They also have the cheeseburger. Definitely not getting the hot honey. No, I know that'll be hot. And I've never tried the ice cream ones, but I'm going to get the brisket. Well, here is our barbecue brisket bubble waffle cone. It looks amazing. It smells so good. I love the little Mickey's and the bubble waffle. And dad got the same thing. Looks like his is loaded. Look at that. Oh, that's good. Amazing. Oh, it has mac and cheese in there, too. That's what sold us. Mac and cheese and brisket. And then mom is sticking her tongue out. Mom got her Starbucks, so she's happy, too. We're all happy. All right, guys. So, we have the barbecue here. I cannot wait to try this. I've been wanting to try this for a while. Again, like I said, they're brand new. They've been out I don't know, maybe maybe a month that they come out. Maybe the beginning of January. So, let's give it a go. I don't even know. We'll just try one of the bites. I hope it's not spicy cuz I took a big bite. No, not at all. Oh, there's a little spice. A little bit at the end there. M. Mac and cheese. Amazing. Try a little bit of this waffle. I will say it's a little hard to eat cuz you can't set it down. But Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Ooh, that is good. It's um it's not a super sweet waffle, which I like, but the savory and the and the sweet is good together, but again, it's a little difficult to eat. Maybe I'm just supposed to bite it off. Mhm. That works, too. Um let me try another piece of the brisket. I think it was brisket, right? Yeah. Let's try. It's good brisket. Mhm. It's a little chewy, but not bad. It's a good It's a good flavor. I like it. All right. Dad is going to tell you what he thinks. You know, I like it. Um the brisket is it's it's with the barbecue. It's good. It's a little chewy. A few pieces. Some of it's tender, some of it's chewy. Little dry, but I do like the mac and cheese. And it's um as far as spicy goes, it's not It's got a little bite, but not bad. So, all over I'd say pretty good. Did you try the waffle yet? I did. And that was good. It is good. Yeah. Yeah. Well, mom and I got another one of these. Winnie the Pooh unboxed so we can unbox them for you guys. We're so excited. Um I got this one originally, the watermelon, the summer one, and mom got the cute little pink spring one with the cherry blossom. So cute. So, I really want I don't really care. They're all cute, but the one I really want is him holding the pumpkin. I think that's adorable. What about you, Mom? You have a preference? I would say with the classic. I'm kind of thinking that, though. Let me look over here. Yep. I don't know. That one's pretty cute, too. Which one? All of them. Well, yeah. The chestnut. That's cute. Pumpkin. Yeah. Oh, it's too hard. I know it's hard. Well, that that way you won't be disappointed whatever you get. Well, yeah. The one with the honey. Mhm. Well, let's open them up and we'll find out what we get. Yeah. Okay. So, mom and I are going to unbox. You want to go first? I'm good either way. Yep. Go ahead. Go first. We'll see what mom gets. See what she gets. Dad's taking pictures. All right. She got her bag out of her box. See what she gets. So excited. I know. They're a little hard. I think you um Here you just tear that. Yeah, I know. I They're all different. That might be easier. Yeah, maybe. You need a sign. Open here. Uhhuh. They do. The anticipation is real. Okay. What did she get? Oh, is she excited? You got the pumpkin pie. I'm so jealous. Oh my goodness. Okay, that's the one I wanted. That is adorable. All right. See which one I get. Hopefully. Blackout, too. I don't know. Oh my goodness. Okay, she got the pumpkin one. Good job, Mom. All right, let's see what we find. Can't even get the box open. All right, there's a card in there. I don't look at the card, otherwise you know what you're getting. Which one did I get? Oh, I got the winter one. A with this little scarf. Okay, that's cute. A adorable. So, we got these two. Oh, he's stuck. We got winter. Yeah. And fall. Adorbs. That is Yay. Dad's gonna get our picture. Ready? Mom up. Say cheese. Cheese. Winning. Winning. Winning. You say poo. Awesome. Oh, these are so cute. That's pretty terrible. All right. So, mom's here for moral support. I got this one because I had to because I really, really, really, really, really want this one. I really do. I want the Pluto one. I'll be happy with any of them. The Chip and Dale one's cute, too. Um, I already have the Minnie Mouse one, so I don't need that one, but we'll see what I get. All right, let's open it up. see what I have. This one was kind of picking me. It like fell out. So, I was like, "Okay, take me home." All right. I'm not going to look. I want to see what I get in the box. I think this one has a Yes. has a little tear section. Oh, I thought I did. Oh, there it is. Oh, it's not the one I wanted, but it's still really cute. It's Mickey Stitch. Oh my goodness. Okay, that's cute. I saw the yellow and I got excited, but um it's his yellow shoes. So cute. Look at that tiny little Mickey. Oh my goodness. Adorable. Okay. Yeah, I'm happy. And it's soft. It's like a flocked. Oh, it is. He's so cute. Oh my goodness, man. They know how to get us, don't they? Oh, they do. Well, that's fun. when we were coming back to the co-op to check. Well, I was going to take some pictures of my new Stitch, but look, there's Mickey here in the window. He's signing autographs. How cute is that? Looks like an office. And they've got the map in the background. Sorry, it's hard to see. The glare is bad. All right, let's go back in. It's the co-op. See if they put out any more of those. Yep, they got them back out again. The Winnie the Pooh blind boxes. They're back. This is what these are for. So, you put your little guy in there if you have multiple and you take pictures. So, there he is hanging out on Main Street. And then we're going to move him. Let's see. We're going to put him by the castle. There he is hanging out by the castle. Now he's going to watch the fireworks. There you go. So cute. All right, where should he go next? Small world. Yeah, small world. He's on a small world ride with his little Mickey Mouse. So cute. Mom's joining in the fun. She's got her Winnie the Pooh here enjoying castle. Look out, Winnie. You're going to get hit by the train. Just kidding. So cute. It's time to head into the pin trading shop to see what's new. There's no line here anymore. So, I wonder if they have anything left. Let's go see. All right. What do we have in the case? We have a Deadpool one and a Valentine's one. And then they have an enchanted door one with Lingo and Scrump. Marty girl and then a couple Muppets. Oh my goodness, these are so cute. This one has figment and this one has like little veggies. Veggie, veggie, fruit, fruits. I spotted a couple new pins. Oh my goodness, look at this one. Got rabbit pushing a wheelbarrow with Piglet. And look at this one of Dumbo. Toothy mouse is in the bubble. Ratatouille one is new, too. Such a beautiful day out today. Hardly a cloud in the sky. Everybody say hi to Brickley over here being adorable. All right, guys. Well, that is it for our video here today at Disney Springs. Hope you enjoyed coming along with mom and dad and I. We had some fun shopping, didn't we? Yes, we did. Lots. Yes, we had a good time. Mom got her Valentine's gift. I got a couple, too. So, thanks guys. You're welcome. Happy Valentine's Day. Yay. And happy Valentine's Day. Yes, a little early to you guys. Let us know in the comments um you know what you would need if you were shopping with us today. And if you want to try what Dad and I tried today, that new food um at the booth. Dad and I both agreed that the brisket was a little tough. Um if it was pulled pork, we might like it a little bit better. Don't think we're going to get it again, but it was fun to try. So, yeah. But all right, guys. Leave a comment. Like I said, bop the like button, subscribe if you're new, and we'll see you soon. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Go check out our sponsors, mikvlog.com and miktras.com for the best in free Disney vacationplanning advice. Mickeyas.com to book your next trip to Disney. Also, resorthomes.com. If you're wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resorttv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy, go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. And our last sponsor, David Club Rentals at dbcrequests.com/tv. If you're wanting to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out again at dbcrequest.com/tv. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
