---
video_id: yJNx8cvzij8
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Magical Monday at the Magic Kingdom - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 3-9-26"
published: 2026-03-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJNx8cvzij8
---
That would be a Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV 1 and we're live for Magical Monday here at the Magic Kingdom. Welcome in, guys. Before we get too far into the video, want to make sure everybody subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all of the social media or Resort TV one on all the things. Welcome in, guys. How's it going? Happy Monday. Hope everybody is getting off to a good start today, especially with that time change. Did that throw anybody off this morning and last night? Welcome in. Hey, Catalina. Hi, Paige. Lady Jamers. Candy is here. Look at that castle. Oh my goodness. You can still see a tiny bit of pink, but a lot of it is back to the normal colors. So, so weird to see. I'm not going to lie. I haven't been to the Magic Kingdom in three weeks, I've noticed. I was like, "Hang on, I haven't been here in a really long time before our cruise." So, it's been three weeks, which is crazy. But I'm excited to be back. Hey, Amara. Hey, Tracy. Hey, Paige. Richard, Brittany, Ann, Noel, Joseph, Detroit, Diz. Hello. Let's go check out my beautiful castle and the painting that they've been doing. They do have the cranes. They are painting as we speak. They are up there painting. They got lights on. They are wanting to get it done. But yeah, and it's a foggy morning today. You can actually feel a little bit of the foggy mist, which is really weird. But uh it's all good. Excited to be here. Welcome in, guys. >> In the car heading down to Disney. That's awesome. So, are there spring breaks this week? Let us know, guys. Hey, Kathleen. Hi, Laura. Hi, Awesomeness. Lisa, Tinker Tail, John. Oh, here we go. >> To all who come to this happy place, welcome and good morning, everyone. We're so glad you're here at a mag. And now let the magic begin. Yeah. Heat. All right. Half of Texas is on spring break. Okay, good to know. That is crazy. The castle. This is just crazy. A tiny little bit of the pink left. All right, everybody. All right, where should we head first? >> And the safety of those around you, please walk slowly and carefully to your next destination. >> I'm thinking either pirates or Haunted Mansion. What do you guys think? Which would you rather do first thing this morning? >> Hi, Sparkle Queen. Hello, Amy. Good morning. Hi, Jim. Chemistry. Spring break in Texas. Okay. I thought we had one more week before spring breakers got here, but I was wrong. I think next week is all of uh Orange County here in Orlando. Uh spring break, so it's going to be crazy. Hi, Amy. Cuz I believe Josh is on spring break next week. Figment Vision Kyle. All right, we've got pirates. Pirates haunted. Haunted. All right, it's tied. Haunted. Haunted. Haunted. Okay, we're getting more haunted. Everybody's getting spooky. Uh Christine, not today. No. Nope. It's just me today and you guys, of course. Needed this. Didn't go to Disney last year to care for my parents. My mom sadly passed in in uh January. Missed Disney. And this is the excitement I needed. Oh, Michelle, I'm so very sorry. I'm glad that this is helping, though. Looks like Haunted is getting more love today. All right, we could totally do that. Wow, look at this. Crazy. Zippitydad, how's it going? Zip is in the house. Tracy went to Epcot. Awesome. I almost went to Epcot today cuz, you know, I love Flower and Garden. Can't get enough of it. But I'm like, you know, I haven't been to Magic in a while. Let's go to Magic. Hey, Mickey Mouse. Good morning, one boy's mom. This is so weird with this mist from the fog hitting you in the face. So bizarre. >> I know. I love how empty it is this morning, too. So, I guess haunted it is cuz I think that's what everybody voted for this morning. All right. Good morning, Marissa. Teabird is here. >> Was that Abba? I missed it. Or Abba, whatever. Wow, look at this, guys. Hang on. I have to show you this before we go in. You don't see this very often. The little breezeway is empty. Good morning, Tim. Oh, wow. The line is already out here. You guys sure? Haunted instead of pirates. So, I am happy going to pirates. It's probably a walk- on over there. >> Mom, we need our cars. They are doing some work here. Oh my goodness. This is weird, isn't it? All right, let's get in that. >> Hey, Disney Adventure with Craig. >> Hey, Jane. >> Good morning, P. Williams. Thanks Amy. >> Are you guys with them? >> No. >> Oh, okay. It looked like they were looking back. Okay. I just want to make sure I didn't separate a group. >> Yeah. Noel Phillips. Oh, it was great. How was your weekend, guys? You had a good one. Deal was busy all weekend with Arnold Palmer. He had a great time. Oh, Mr. Masters in Gro Beach. That's awesome. I want to get back there sometime. I haven't been since Oh, goodness. I think I was in was it college or high school? Went with mom and dad. It was fun. It's a great resort. >> Pop up the like and subscribe if you're new. >> I don't think this is going to take too long, so I'll be awesome. Oh, look a cardinal. A. Oh, he's trying to get in the window. >> Cute. >> They are definitely refurbing. Yes. The front of the mansion. >> You did a crawfish broil. Oh, that's fun. Amy, Maria Hall, hello. Welcome in. Oh, yeah. I don't think this is going to take too long either. Might still be able to go do pirate after this. We'll see. If not, it's all good. There's other things we can do. Oh yeah, we're not even going around the other way yet. They might send us there now, but we'll see. >> You tried watching for Dale, Cory, and Steve. That's awesome. You could see Dale a lot in the end because he was with the very last group. He was with the the two that were competing to be the winners. And uh yeah, he was with the winner of Arnold Palmer. So, if you really look, you can see him. He's holding the sign. Super cool. Hey Tony, how are you today? Welcome in. Looks like we're heading in. >> Can't really can't see. >> Moving all the way up. All the dead space. There's no single file line. Enjoy. >> Susie, congratulations. Oh my goodness, that's so exciting. >> I hope you had a great wedding day. >> Make it in this one. >> We're in. >> You can hear construction right now, actually. All right. Please move forward and fill it. >> Hey. >> Hey, Charger principal. Hey, Pam. >> Is this goes back? Wow. >> Good morning, Evelyn. Morning. Good morning. Look at that sky. It is very foggy. Had to get 66 in my wedding day. Oh my goodness. That's amazing. I love that. Love, love, love. All right, guys. It will lag a little in here, so stay tuned. I am going to do an intentional lag in just a second. So stay tuned. >> Strange and frightening sounds echo through the hall. Welcome foolish mortals to the haunted mansion. I am your host, your ghost. >> Our tour begins here in this gallery here where you see paintings of some of our guests as they appeared in their corruptible mortal state. >> Flash photography, please. >> Kindly step all the way in, please, and make room for everyone. There's no turning back now. Step far away from the master's walls. It's the dead center of the room. So, all the way off the walls at this time, please. >> Your cadaavverous power. >> Is this This chamber has no windows. These are >> Oh, I didn't mean to frighten you prematurely. The real chills come later. Now, as they say, look alike. All right. Well, that was quick. Got to love that. All right, guys. Hopefully it doesn't lag. I cannot get the Wi-Fi to connect. >> Stay tuned. Hopefully, it'll work. >> Just refresh if it doesn't. At ease this warning, the spirits will materialize only if you remain quietly seated at all times. >> Oh yes, and no flash pictures, please. Spirits are Our library is well stocked with priceless first editions, holy ghost stories, and multiple parts of the greatest ghost writers the literary world has ever known. They have all retired here among 999 happy here. But there's room for a thousand volunteers. If you should decide to join us final array, every room has wall to wall. Heat. Heat. Bring me the bell. Serpents and spiders. Tail of a rat. Call in the spirits wherever they're at. Rat quality. It's time to respond. Send us a message from somewhere beyond. Goblins and ghoulies from last Halloween. Awaken the spirits with your tambourine and your happy sympathetic vibration and there be music as soon Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. We live happily ever after. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. you to fill our order and they'll haunt you until you return. Heat. Heat. Now I will raise the safety bar and a ghost will follow you home. Please watch your step. Please step. All right, guys. Wasn't too bad on the signal. Hopefully hopefully you guys were able to see it there. There was no Wi-Fi. It was not going to work for me. It was like it normally it says Disney Guest. Today it said Disney Connect, so I don't know if that's something new or it's broken. Not really sure. Gamble. There we go. All right. Well, what shall we do? Good morning, resort budgeting. Thanks, Tim. Perfect. I think we should go to Pirates cuz it says 5 minutes and I love 5 minutes. What do you guys think? Pirates. >> Okay, share out the stream. Let everybody know we're live >> for Magical Monday. We go live every Monday around 9 or 10:00 a.m. Have those notification bells on so you do know when we do go live. >> Your birthday's in March. Well, happy birthday. Yeah, let's go do pirates. I love this plan. Um, so see what was I going to chat about something and I lost it. Oh, I know. Somebody said Pearl. And um >> most of it is like a shot of the >> So definitely go check out one of our videos over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Um we were on the Star of the Sea, which is the biggest cruise ship in the world right now. And um I've been putting cruise videos out as much as I can. Um so I just put out yesterday day three, which was the C day on the Star of the Seas. So, um, if you guys missed it, that again is over on Dale and Ice's channel, Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Go subscribe and go watch the video. I'm going to try to get another one done this week, so stay tuned for that. But, uh, but yeah, would love to, uh, have you guys go check it out. I know a lot of you are enjoying it and we really, really appreciate it. That's awesome, Edwin. I'm glad you're here. Welcome in. Welcome in to everybody that has joined us. It is like a really fine mist right now. So weird. Thank you, Emara, for posting the uh link to the vlog. Appreciate that. Okay. These are the pirates. Hello, James. How are you? I know. I don't think we're going to recover from losing an hour for a little while, right? Usually takes a good week or so. Just your whole like everything's just thrown off. Like last night when I was like going to make dinner, I was like, "But this seems really early." And then when I was getting ready for bed, I was like, "This also seems really early, but I have to get up early, so I better get to bed." It's just all thrown off. But love having the, you know, sunlight longer in the evening, so I'm here for that. I know, Tim. Me, too. Hm. Fog is the best. And Mickey's not so scary. >> Fog. I like that, too. You don't lose an hour until the end of the month in the UK. Oh, okay. I knew it was a little different. Overseas. Hi, Transformer Dad. How are you today? All right. Well, let's go get in line for this. Actually, before we get in line, cuz I do know I need Wi-Fi in here, I should try to see if I can switch to Wi-Fi. So, this is going to be intentional lag. So, don't go anywhere, guys. Intentional lag. I'll do it while we walk in. Okay. So, don't go anywhere. Be right back. Actually, I'm going to wait till we get a little closer to the building. Five minutes. Got to love that pirate smell in the morning. All right, guys. Don't go anywhere. Be right back. >> Oh, that's awesome. Did Josh's new phone do well? I wasn't able to watch. Super cool. I'm glad. as much. How many number six? >> Perfect. Thank you. >> Hey, I didn't have to ask. We got the back. Sorry guys, Wi-Fi is being really weird today. I did find the correct Wi-Fi, so that did work. But >> honestly, behind the yellow line. >> All right, guys. It will lag some. So, just refresh. Refresh. >> Enjoy the ride. I was scared. >> Oh there crew. For your safety, remain seated, keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat and watch your children and no flash pictures. Prepare to exhale. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. What? Down. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I'm scared. Heat. Heat. Heat. will burn the city to the ground. They need a bit of persuasion. Fire will run up your white flag. I am the chicken. I will not alone. You're not going to jump. >> Now you scurvby. Do I hear 10? A 10 for a 10. >> I give you 20 for the wrong. >> Down you liy liver lover. Strike your feathers. for it's the treasure map for sure and no mistake and by thunder The next jump will never be shitty. I wonder Right. We Wonderful. Power Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. state of me. shiny show. I humbly accept this magnification to sleep. Heat. Heat. Praise God. That was fun. >> Is that fine? >> On your way. >> Lag wasn't too too bad. >> And tell the world you set sail with black beard. >> Black. >> Okay. The sea's been kind, >> but who can tell what dangers lie on stranger times? >> Mark my words, we'll meet again upon some stormy sea. >> Course mate, onward to the bitter end. >> Not that we've went anywhere. I don't think it's fine. Okay, I heard there was a new tank top and I am on the look for this. Oh, this is cute. All that glitters be not gold. Okay, this isn't it, but this is cute. We're in a tight shipwreck. Oh, here it is. This one. Yeah, I think that's an add to cart. It's Ramy. Oh my goodness, he's adorbs. All right. Yep. Add to cart. I'm going to need that. Cars are tattoos with better stories. That's hilarious. Alrighty. Good morning, Brownie Brown. Welcome in everybody. Getting closer to a thousand people watching. Really appreciate you guys being here. They do still have the rummy shoulder pal. >> Okay, they've got quite a few of these. Okay, good. I'm going to need the extra small, but they've got it. All right, add to cart. Come back later. Go and get that. Where should we go, everybody? The day is our oyster. The day is our oyster. Let's see here. Pull up the handy dandy little map here. We got Okay. There she is. >> I mean, people mover is always a good option. >> I can't wait for um Buzz Lightyear to open back up. I miss that one. And of course, Thunder Thunder Mountain. Always a good one. Turn the sun back up on the phone so I can see what you guys are saying. Good morning, Julie B. Does Starbucks have a short line? I doubt it, Amara, but you never know. It could. Oh, The Little Mermaid. I do like that one. Let's check it. It's probably a really short line. That one does lag, but the lag never bothered us anyway. 5 minutes. Do you guys want to do your Ariel? >> I don't know why my voice got really high when I said that. Ariel Jungle's already a 40m minute wait. Could be worse. Tikis. They're a squirting. Going to get wet. >> See is not a roller. I >> don't really want wet feet yet. >> I don't know. Catalina, I hope you feel better. departmenter. >> I know, right? Figment Vision, >> we need some weight times for Starbucks on the app. How amazing would that be? One new thing that uh Universal started doing, which I think is amazing. I was there twice, no, three times last week, actually. I went Monday, Thursday, I don't remember. Anyway, I've been to Universal several times and uh they um in their Starbucks, they don't have the wait time for Starbucks on the app, but in their Starbucks, well, first of all, they let you use your AP discount, which I love. Second, and also Disneyland does. So, I don't know why Disney World doesn't have Starbucks discounts for APS, but I digress. Anywh who in Universal in their Starbucks they started adding they have a screen um and it shows your uh progress of your drink. So it shows that it's you know in progress and then it shows when it's ready on the screen it shows your name and it moves. That's the one in CityWalk and the one in Universal. So pretty cool that they do that and they are refurbing the one in um Islands of Adventure. So, that one's currently down at the moment. Oh, look. I haven't been down here for a while. Good morning, Grizz. My daughter and mom are both at Magic Kingdom. Oh, that's awesome. Yeah, the crowds aren't too bad yet. That's why it always pays to get up early. Wish I was able to be in Florida at 38° here. Oh my goodness. Glad it isn't snowing though. At least you got that. Good morning, AJ Fox. How are you? Welcome in. Hey guys, we got 407 likes. That's the area code here in Orlando. I remember when I was a kid to call to make reservations at Disney, it was always 407 W Disney. It's probably still a thing. I don't know. I'm guessing. Oh, I thought I heard a band. It is a band. It's just not live. Yeah, Tim. Yep, they do have the Starbucks in the in the resorts. They have >> giant turkey when you're >> the discount that you get, which I love. >> However, Disney does way better with their discount. Get 20% as APS for all APS, I believe. Is that true? Or do the lower APS get less? I actually don't know. Where Universal, if you get the top one, you only get 15%. The one right below is 10%. It's better than nothing, but that's not much of a discount. Thanks, Joy. Jenna, you need t-shirts that say add to cart and then people can add those to cart. It's so meta. I love that. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well, we should design a shirt. Oh my goodness. See, now I'm going to say this and then somebody's going to design it. um that says add to cart and then little things that you buy at Disney like ears, mugs, I don't know, bubble wands, what what backpacks, all the things that you buy, hats at Disney. >> Plushies, of course. Plushies. I like when Tim designed shirts. Tim could design that one for us. All right, guys. >> You want to be at Disney? A I get that feeling 100%. We are very, very lucky to live here and I don't take that for granted at all. I remember when I didn't live here and I was always so jealous of mom and dad and Josh. Oh man, I want to be there. And now I live here. Hi, Regina. Driving. So, can't chat but listening. No worries. Enjoy listening. Drive careful. 40 feels like 50. Going to be 70 today. That's awesome, Micah. I know. Some uh other parts of the world are getting a little bit warmer weather for just a little bit. And then we're going to be in like the ' 90s this week, which is crazy. And then next week we're going to be back high of 70. So, you know, spring, you just never know. Like right now, it's probably 70. Tad chilly, but not bad. I've got my short sleeves on and shorts ready for the It's supposed to get up to 86 or 7 today. 40m minute wait for Peter Pan. That's not bad. Be way worse. Welcome to Fantasy Land, everybody. What? Tim, are you serious? That's crazy. Enjoy it while you have it. Go get a nice coffee. It's ice coffee weather. 70. >> Yeah, the Florida summers are not for the week of week of heart. Week faint of heart. Faint of heart. I Anyway, it's not for it's not for everybody. Let's just go with that. Oh, Leslie, I was not complaining at all. I was just saying that it's, you know, just stating facts. Not complaining. >> We're going to get disc. >> It is a gorgeous day. Yes. Like I said, I do not take it for granted. That's what I was just talking about. Last time we were at Disney, we were getting a bite to eat in a restaurant. And we're joined by a squirrel kept walking around near us. That's awesome. Be I don't have anything for you, Bee. The Florida life outside of the parks, it's good. It's busy. It's very busy. Um depending on the area that you live, traffic is busy. There's like certain times of the day that I definitely avoid driving or going out or going to places. Um so yeah, busy, but I enjoy it still. There's places you can go times a day to enjoy back to cold next week. Yes, I got you. Tim Foart. Yes, it is toasty. >> You bought those. >> All right, Ariel, what do you guys think? And then we got to do people mover cuz well that's just a given. Temps in North Carolina are all over the place. 80s the next two days. 70s, 60s, 40s. I know. Don't you love summer? I mean, summer. Spring. Yeah, March is amazing. April can be nice, but starting to get more on the hot side for sure. >> Fool spring part one. Yes, I remember that. In northern Indiana, we would get full spring. I'm sure if Michigan's getting 70 then where I used to live is probably getting 70 today as well because we were near Michigan. It is very different to live in a touristy area 100%. So you do have to get used to that. And different times of the year it's busier than other times of the year. So Christmas time, holy moly, Easter, of course, crazy as well. >> So it's just uh you just got to, you know, go with it. Loving the cruise series. We sail on Star in June. Oh my goodness, Alison, you're going to love that. The Star is amazing. And thank you so much for watching the cruise vlog. Appreciate it. We're really hoping to go on more cruises this year. Um, you know, now now that we can travel a little bit more. It's bittersweet, of course. of our Chloe. Um, but we're hoping to do a at least one more. If not, we'll see. We'll see. Hi, DVD Scott. I would love love love to do another Disney cruise. Really want to do a like a Friends cruise. We'll see. Girls cruise with Tim. Hi, Paul. Thanks for a thousand in the chat. Welcome in and happy magical Monday. Looks like a walk-on. All right, guys. Let's see if I can get the Wi-Fi to work in here. >> Hopefully got this a hopper cruise. Oh my goodness. I actually was think Oh, no scuttle. I actually was thinking about that today about a group cruise today. See if we can travel someone to help us out with that. I don't know >> who would be interested in a group cruise on a Disney cruise. >> Resort TV1 cruise. >> Yes. Might get the new popcorn bucket with the poo. And Piglet is adorable. Mom might need that. >> Tim the Yeah, must be taking her own nappy nap. >> My next party just I think that would be so fun that we can meet more of you guys and enjoy the cruise at the same time. Tony would be up for it. >> Hey, Victoria and Riley, welcome in. Sorry, guys. It was lagging, so I got the quality down. Let's see if I can bop it back up a little bit. Like I said, the Wi-Fi is being won. I've been watching you guys for a long time. So, I know I need a new costume bucket. I'm good. I think it's a very cute one, but I have got to watch things like that that I buy because I am running out of room to keep them. A hopper cruise in 2027 for your 27th birthday. I love this plan, Tim. Hello, Ellie. Met you the other day after your live show. It was so nice to meet you. Oh, a nice to meet you too, Kelly. Thanks for coming to say hello in Ohio around this weekend. Oh, no. I hope not. Enjoy the warmer weather while you have it. >> Hi guys. Thank you. All right, we did it. We made it. All right, like I said, this one is going to lag. It just always does. So, stay tuned, refresh, rewind a little bit if that, you know, helps you out. Whatever you need to do, but um we'll enjoy what we can. That's awesome, Rebecca. All right, guys. Enjoy. All right. The story began when Ariel fell over and walk it began when King Triton asked Sebastian to keep an eye on Ariel. It began when King Trighton got old man and Ursula took Ariel's boy. I've been working too hard or Ariel human. This is a great I know you want She's happy for our worst hungry. Ever after Earth and I will help her. My heart shore. What are you going to do? Heat. Heat. or she married a princess. Well, that's the way I remember it. Yeah. So, what was I? All right. They all live happily ever after. Hope you had a wonderful time. >> It was so good to see you. Sorry guys, that was awful. I guess I should have known not to do it when the Wi-Fi is not working. Oh, wells. There's a hole right there. Live and learn. Still get to see some of it. And if you're a while, maybe you got to see more. >> Party. All right. We are back. >> Wasn't too bad. All right. I apologize again. Like I said, I should have known. Wi-Fi is not working very well. Don't do it. However, it worked. It was working a little bit in pirates, so that's why I was like, "Oh, maybe." Okay, let's see. Line it up to me. Ariel, she must start meeting soon. 10:00 maybe. >> Well, I think I'm going to find a restroom real quick and then it'll be people mover time. What do you guys think? Should we go in the circus tent first? I always love that. Circus tent. >> Yeah. Wait. Oh, just kidding. Is it close? Wow, look at all this reverb going on. >> With uh >> we need to look >> spring break's coming. I'm really shocked. Okay, I guess we're not going in the circus tent unless you can get in around the corner. We're going to find out. Dumbo is 10 minutes. Good morning. How are you, Minnow? Uh men of Main Street. I'm sorry. I thought I said Minnow. Min of Main Street. Love that. We're gonna find out about this. They do have the water going cuz it is going to be a hot day today. I am guessing it is completely down and we are not going that way. Okay. W Good morning Val. I think we're going to go to People Mover today. after the bathroom. >> Five minutes for Barntormer. It's a little longer than five. A little longer. All right, guys. So, I >> have It's not like >> do not have BRB on my phone. So, it is going to look like lag. It won't be. I mean, it is lag cuz I'm turning the phone off. But if the moppers can tell everybody Oh, look at the little gumbo in there. A little elephant. So, if the moppers want to help and tell everybody that I will be right back as soon as I can. I will be as quick as I can. And uh it'll just be looking like lag while I'm in there. Why don't you guys chat about your favorite snack at the Magic Kingdom? Favorite snack. Hi, Julia. All right, I'll be right back, everybody. All right, guys. Should be back. Welcome back. Went up to 15 barntormers. Awesome. Thanks everybody. Sorry about that. Okay, was quick quick quick as I could. So yeah, circus tent closed. Also, the meet and greet one is closed as well because the characters are all out and about. So what snacks were we chatting about? I need to know which ones were we chatting about. Look, the sun is coming out. I saw a chester cattail. Those are probably one of my faves. The savory ones that are my faves are the cheeseburger egg rolls. Got to love those. I might need those today for lunch. We'll see. Sounds yummy. There's Minnie. All right, let's go to People Mover. Oh, I bet it is getting hot. Yeah, for sure. That sun warms it up quick. Um, but yeah, thank you for waiting. Really appreciate you guys coming back. Hi, Marie. thousand people in the chat as we're walk the castle looks so crazy from this side. It threw me off. I was like, "Hang on. Wait, what? Where's the pink? What?" Um, so definitely check out one of our awesome sponsors. We have miktravels.com. miktravels.com. If you guys want to book a trip right here to Walt Disney World, mickeyras.com will help you book your trip. and they won't um it won't they won't charge you any extra than if you were to book the trip yourself. They help you plan for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with MickeyS.com. Mickeys.com, guys. Also, go to mickeyblog.com for all of the latest Disney news. >> They are painting it really fast, aren't they, Rebecca? Quidato, caution. You are approaching the unloading area. Cosmic rays. Over here. Over here. Thanks for uh 542 likes. I bet we can get a few more. Subscribe if you're new as well. I think Josh says we're getting closer and closer to is it 214? We've been stuck on 213 for a really long time. So, if you guys have not already subscribed, please subscribe. Dale and I are getting close to 13,000 subscribers over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. So, if you've not subscribed over there, we would love to have you in our adventures. Let's see. So, on Resort TV 1, we're 213862. So 862 and on adventures we're 8:46 13 846. So subscribe subscribe guys and we're going to go on Star Traders cuz why not? And then people never Good morning Caleb. How are you today? >> I love this whole thing. Me. >> I mean he asked. Love this so much. I just wish they weren't so expensive. Yeah, $80 and they don't have my size >> in the um Rapunzel one. That one's probably my favorite. I just love the colors. All right. Do we have anything new? 626 days coming up in June. I wonder if they're going to get a bunch of new Stitchy merch. Do love this purse. It's so cute. Yes, that's hilarious. Men of Main Street. I will definitely tell them we are home. He's a It's the home of the greatest goods in the galaxy. Tell him to restock those stars. I know. They've been out of stars forever. I love Ham. I get Hams. He's so cute. Yes, Yoshi is getting a meet and greet. Rosa. Rosalina is getting a uh cupcake. Oh, nice. Wait, wait. Who's Roselina? I know Nintendo, but for some reason that is not ringing a bell. This skirt is adorable. Wonder if it has shorts. Sure does. Got to love when they have shorts. Dress is adorable. This is all by her universe. Hi, Anthony. How are you today? Got Join the Pooh shirt over here. Oh, this is just classic here with the embroidery. Oh my goodness, Satie. We definitely need a Beauty and the Beast ride. I mean, it would fit right there in the new Fantasy Land area perfectly. Oh, this is new gold mini peach blue dress. Gotcha. Oh, they're all mini. Are we on a Mickey? Apparently, we've got all minis. No Mickey's in the gold. That's cool, though. It's the ninth of the month. You can use Tim's card today. Wait, what? Okay. Who's that? Tim, I love that. Thanks. Oh my word. Look how cute this one is for little girls. It's got the ruffles, the little bow. Adorable. I've always loved this one. Hi, Kade. I just do not need any more spirit jerseys. They have these back in stock. I got Daisy, which I was super excited for. And let's see if they have any more of these over here. Um, okay. So, they're out of the Mr. Toad, the Stitch ones, and all that, but they have these, which are also cute. Men of Main Street just became a member of the channel. Thank you so much, Men of Main Street. That was very, very kind of you. We really appreciate you becoming a member of the channel. Tim says, "What's my card buying now?" Merch, Tim. Merch. All of it. Um, I heard that they have a ear um keychain. So, I'm kind of on the lookout for that today. Not seeing it yet. Maybe up front in the emporium. All right. They've got a lot of those stitches. This is fun. Classic. Who is the worst? Who is the worst villain? Gaston or Captain Hook? Oh goodness. Um, I would say Well, they're both pretty bad. Maybe Gaston. We always are adding more stuff to Tim's wallet. Yes. Yes. Yes. Today also might be a good ice cream day. What do you guys think? What kind of ice cream should we get? Salted caramel cold brew float. That sounds amazing. I wish I could eat cold brew or drink cold brew, I should say. My stars. Oh my stars. Hi Darl. How are you? I should say that instead of Oh my word. Oh my stars. I love um I was watching a real on Instagram and I love hearing um you know the older generation talk sometimes um the grandmas or grandpas like mom and dad's age or or older. Um and the one lady said, "Oh heavens, I just love that. Oh heavens." It's cute. It was really cute. No, not soup. Not soup ice cream. Regular ice cream. That's funny. Coconut dough. Oh my goodness. Oh, that might be it. That might be the winner. Winner. Winner. Dohip dinner. It's always a good ice cream day. My favorite ice cream days is when it's warm outside. But I agree. It's You can never go wrong with ice cream. My grandpa used to eat it every night. Every night it was ice cream night for my grandpa. This is the GTA blue line service around. >> Wait, what? Take your tail done. What happened to your car? We can say, "Oh, my stitch." There you go. My grandmother always said, "Forever more." A, that is cute. I love that. Love, love, love. Uh, France ice cream from Nate Artisan. Oh, wait. Where's that? Is that an Epcot? Tammy, sounds good. Best time for ice cream is also when it's snowing out. Okay, I hear you. Usually don't crave ice cream when it's cold out, but I get it. Everybody loves it. >> Samantha and Bewitch used to say, "Oh, my stars." Anyone else remember that or reminds me of No, I remember um >> Do I remember Be Witch? Wait, I'm thinking of uh the one with the shoot. What is her name? Melissa Joan Hart. Oh, that's not be witch. What is that? Melanie says, "My grandpa as well." He would say that's how we live to be 105. Dessert after every meal. I love that. Love, love, love. I wonder anything to do with Northern Europe. My grandfather was from Denmark and he loved his ice cream. Yeah, it could be John. Yep. My grandpa was pure sweet. >> Yeah, Sabrina the Teenage Witch. That's it. Thank you. Could not remember. I was like Clarissa twins at all. No, that was Nickelodeon. That was before um Sabrina the Teenage Witch. seated at all times and arms. >> So guys, if you have not already hit that subscribe button, please do so and the like button. We have 1100 in the chat. Almost 600 likes. I bet we could get up to 600 here pretty quick. >> Oo, Tammy, that sounds awesome. It was a good one, wasn't it, Tim? >> I loved um What did she What did she have in the pool? Was it a lizard or a baby gator? No, >> I don't remember. But she had a pet in like a kitty pool in her room and I thought that was the coolest thing ever. platform. Remain seated at all times. >> I know. Wouldn't that be nice if you could twitch your nose and just go wherever you need to be? Wherever you need to go or operate like Harry Potter. >> Thank you. Enjoy your journey. >> People time. >> Please step carefully onto the moving platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors, which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey glasses. They help a little bit. Hello. How are you today? Thank you for ninja walking. All right, guys. >> Enjoy the ride. Back. >> This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around Tomorrowland. >> That's how I Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Morak 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see Tomorrowland. And my stars, is there ever lots to see. From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. Thank you. >> Mommy up here. >> The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Trader. Transfer to green and red lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling into the future. I find two of my favorite spots. >> First up, Progress City, Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny mover. >> I wonder if that means there's a tiny and approaching. That's crazy. This is home to the greatest in the galaxy. >> Except those are no longer trees. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Rock. >> I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing intervals clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. Heat. Heat. This is Starport 75 or as we locals call it space. Our highspeed rocket point to distant deep space destinations. >> No, I told y I told you. No, I can see everything. I see black. to create in the galaxy. The core of 72 yourself today. Let relaxation wash over you refreshing retreat. We're going to go to town. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Agent Mr. Marorrow, Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson at the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy F31. Please keep forward facing on vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. As usual, we'll keep moving ahead. My Everybody in 3 2 Attention travelers. Your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. >> Wait, hold on. What is this, >> bro? Wait, what is this? Looks like this upcoming ride, but it's not. >> Oh, it's actually >> Oh, is it actually delayed? >> Why? >> It's a GTA ride. He stopped. >> We'll be right back. >> We'll be right back. Attention travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. >> Yes, please send snacks. No, I'm just kidding. >> Private is still 20. >> 40 for Peter Pan. Not a bad 100%. Hi BJ. BJ's world. How are you? >> Keep popping the like button. We have,200 people watching. Hopefully we start moving again soon. This was like a really abrupt stop. Well, if we're going to do >> when Big Thunder reopens, do you think they will extend the train route over there and still be back and forth, but we'll cover more area? That is a great question. I don't know the answer. >> We'll have to wait and see. >> Wait and see. Good morning, Winesky family. >> Okay. Who thinks we're going to start again? And who thinks we're going to get evacuated? If we're getting evacuated, it's going to be a minute cuz we're towards the end of the ride. >> We've stuck on >> unless they start at the back. I don't know. I've only been evacuated once and we Where were we? We were near like we had just started. >> Thank you. >> Well, there you go. No evac. >> Hey Rob, >> I don't think they've announced a date, but it's supposed to be this year sometime for Buzz Lightyear and Thunder Mountain. That'll help a lot with crowds for sure. All right, here we go. Enjoy, guys. I actually don't. Why would you say that? Oh yeah. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people river journey has nearly come full orbit. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're conclude, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time, now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow today. See you in the future. Heat. Heat. Please keep arms and TV and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> Please keep arms and tape and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep all of us away from the car. >> All right, guys. That was fun. Hope you enjoyed it. Might have to do that again during this stream. It's such a great ride. So relaxing. And I know you guys enjoy it. So why not? arms and kids concrete right here. Awesome. You're going to love it. One more step closer. >> Oh, wow. Scott. Yeah. The only ride. So, I've been You know how much I've been at Disney and the only ride that I have been evacuated from is People Mover and I was near the front so it hardly counts. That's it. That's the only one. >> All right. Where shall we go? The day is our oyster. We did make it. >> A little bit longer line, but not bad. >> I think we should go explore Tomorrowland a little bit. I know, right? A second ride on the People River. Let's uh let's enjoy a little bit more and then we'll go back there here in a little bit. I do want to go to the emporium here soon and see if they have I'm on the lookout for those uh ear keychain. See if we can find it. You go at least two times a month and never been evacuated. I know. Isn't it crazy? And some people have been evacuated off like tons of things. So, like I said, it just you don't know, right? It's so random. >> It's not over. >> Here's the Joffrey's line. It's pretty long. >> I will give you guys a little hint. I mean, if you like Joffre, then yeah, wait, wait in line. But if you just want coffee and you see the Starbucks line and it looks long, it will go quicker because there's more people working in the Starbucks versus in the Dre. Um, it does look like they've got what, three different order spots. So, that is good. But still think Starbucks would be a quicker way to go. All right, let's go in the uh Tron shop or whatever it's called now. We got Tomorrowland something depot. Is it Tomorrowland Depot? >> Hello Rachel. How are you? Ninja watching at work this morning since I am done with meetings for a bit. That's awesome. Welcome in. I hope you're getting warmer weather today, too. I heard it's a bit warmer. Tim said they're going to be 70 there. Tomorrowland launch depot. I was close. All right. See what they got in here. Seeing quite a bit of Tron merch at the outlet lately, so I was just curious. Look at that. >> I'm telling you, there is Construction everywhere right now. >> Golden book. I have this shirt. >> So, um, that's cute. That is a cute shirt. Josh will probably like that. Hi, Mia. joining in a little late. No worries. So, yeah, this is where they had those like make your own Tron person. I forget what it was called. They had a name. That wasn't the name. That's the official name. Make your own Tron person. >> Just kidding. >> Yeah, I know, right, Victoria Riley? I know. It's warm a lot of places right now. Yeah, Darl. So much. Rachel says we're going to be close to 70. Oh my goodness. Well, enjoy it. Enjoy it while you can. Oh my word. I think that was Simple Plan that just walked by. I could be wrong. He looked like one of the members of Simple Plan, which makes sense because they're playing at Epcot today. >> Never been evacuated. And I have no idea how many thousands I have in Disneyland. I know. and Disney World, right? >> I was trying to get >> right, John. Buildatron. There you go. Exactly. That's the name. Yeah. Doing all the projects 100%. He might not have been from Simple Plan, but he kind of looked like it. >> Hi. How are you? >> Good. >> Good. Good. Do you guys >> live stream? >> Yes. >> Yeah. >> Hi. >> Hello. Do you want to say hi? Okay, thank you so much. >> Enjoy your day. >> Somebody had a toad hat on from Super Nintendo World. Oh, that's so funny. I always think it's funny when you see different um you know parks outfits at the opposite park. But you know what? Do you do you, right? Wear whatever you want to wear. I've definitely brought Disney backpacks to Universal before cuz I just don't have that many Universal backpacks. I need a new backpack for Universal so bad. Um like a bigger one. I've got Lounge Flies and they're great, but when I'm streaming, I need something a little bit bigger. So, um yeah, I uh love my backpacks from So Magic Co., so hopefully I can uh order one from her soon. Hi, Ann. She's got some really cute um like the fanny packs or the side bags. They're adorable. I want those prints in a backpack. So, hopefully we can get something worked out there. Let's go back to Main Street. >> Yes, a toothless bag. I do have a toothless bag and I love it, but um it just doesn't hold all the things I need it to hold for a stream. Morning, Jilly. >> I don't think a date has been released yet for when uh Thunder Big Thunder's going to open. This year sometime. Was it this summer? I think it said. So, speaking of Epic, guess what? Guess what? Guess what? Guess what? I am going to Epic on Wednesday. Woohoo! I'm so excited. I have not been back to Epic since well at all this year. Um when was the last time I went? I think it was September. So, it's been a long time. I just couldn't leave Chloe all day. And when you go to Epic and you buy a ticket, unlike when you have an AP, you're like, I can go come and go whenever you buy a ticket for a park, you want to be there all day. And uh with Chloe, you know, I couldn't do that. And uh now we can. So, I'm going to go with mom and dad on Wednesday to Epic Universe. And I cannot wait. Let's go this way. Cannot wait. I am so excited. Actually, no. Let's go this way. I'm going to get a shot of the castle from over here. Um, I don't know how much I'm going to be streaming. I'm thinking I'll just stream like a little bit. Maybe an hourish, maybe two. We'll see. Um, but we're going mainly to enjoy some time together at Epic Universe. Come on down, Tim. You can join us. Cuz mom and dad don't really like a lot of the rides. I just love the atmosphere. So, um, except for the Mario rides. They do like those. So, I'll probably be riding a lot of them by myself, which is fine. I don't mind. But, I am just excited to go with mom and dad. Enjoy the day. We're going to eat all the food, do all the things. There's dad. Yeah. So excited. cannot wait. Uh, so I am thinking, oh, look at this. A cavalcade. Perfect. Um, I am thinking I'm going to stream in the morning for just a couple hours or an hour. So, it will not be a long stream, but at least you guys can come along for a little bit with us on Wednesday. Let's go a hurry, hurry, hurry. Now imagine Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. A sing world All right, guys. We got a good view of the this castle from over here on this bridge and then we'll go down Main Street when the travel gate's gone. Oh, wow. That's awesome, John. Glad you got some good weather. This is crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy. I got to update all my thumbnails now cuz my castle is still pink, but I'm going to wait until those cranes go away for the front view. But we can get a side view. Cranes might still be in it. We'll see. What time does the 3 parade? I'm not sure. Do you know if Disney have announced when the work will be done on the castle? Um, I think it's going to be done soon. I mean, the way it's looking, >> it's going to be done soon. >> All right, let's get us a good picture on the side here. Oh, there's still a tiny little piece of pink. Crazy. Okay, they still have to over here. Shoot. Crane pick. >> All right. Well, just kidding. Hi, Dad. Hi, Mom. >> It is so much fun today. Look at that. No water. So weird. Do you like it better? Yeah. See, here's a here's a tiny bit of pink right here. It's definitely back to its old old style. I wonder why they left that tiny little piece. Hello, John. Um, I was just watching some vids from Vogave and they put me in a Disney mood and I saw you were streaming. Awesome. Amazing. Yeah, we love them. They are awesome. Voices of Liberty. >> So good. Thanks for being here. Welcome in everybody. 1300 people in the chat. 684 likes. I bet we can get some more likes. So, let's do a rapid fire bop. So, all you have to do is close out of the chat, find the thumbs up, and bop it. You can only bop it once cuz if you bop it twice, it takes it away. All right, guys. Are you ready? Give you a little chance to find the like button. The bop button. Are you set the like button and subscribe if you're new. Okay, let's go this way. Oh man, what a beautiful day it is today. >> Yeah, for sure. Awesomeness. Yeah, they can't. They don't want to take their time cuz they want to get it beautiful for everybody and all their pictures that this is your one and only time to be here. You know, it's kind of a bummer if there's some big cranes in the way. So, usually they I thought I heard that they were taking them down in the front during the day, but they still have them up at the moment. So, not sure. Maybe they're just really trying to get it done. I don't know. Did you do it? You bopped it. All right, cool. Oh, we got 100 more, so that's good. Let's go do some shopping on Main Street. You guys want to want to do some shopping? Hello, Petra. How are you today? Man, we've been on several rides today. What? Four. >> We did Haunted Pirates. Haunted Pirates. Haunted Pirates. and Little Mermaid and then People Mover. Four rides. What a good day so far. Can't go wrong with four rides right off the bat. That's why I love coming in the morning. Oh, look at the crowds coming in. Holy moly. >> We're going to hold our hands. >> Okay, so let's go this way. So, we're out of the way. Wow. Oh, they'll be down in a little over an hour. Okay. Do they they make sure they're down by 12? >> Maybe that's it. All right. We're going to swim upstream for a second. Head into the emporium. Let's just duck in here. That'll be the easiest. We have these bags back in stock. >> I love mine and this one. And I use this one all the time as well. I don't have this, but I have one in this style and I love love love it in the smaller version. They do have the big version. This one's a little too big for me. Got a little too heavy, but you know, it' be a good school bag. All right, let's go see if we can find these ear keychains. They do have all the glasses in all the colors. Pink ones are the ones I have on right now. If I were an ear keychain, where would I be if all the duckies? So cute. They're $4.99, which is a good deal for Disney. Just keep swimming by noon. Okay. Okay. Okay, so like I said, I have not been at the Magic Kingdom in 3 weeks, so I am a little behind. I found it. I found it, guys. Hang on. This is an ad to cart. Teal. What's teal? $16.99. Got to find a good pair. Ears finally. And you can put these on like your little new emos, which is the cutest thing ever. Okay, add to cart. Let's find a good pair. >> I think I like this pair. >> There's your There's your ear thing. >> Yep. At the cart. We're just going to have to buy this. You guys are going to have to come with me. It's just what's going to happen cuz it's adorable. $16.99 and then you get your 20% off. What? Jesse's going to freak out. >> Jessie Mouse loves ham. Send her a picture. He's He's also $16.99. He's a squash. Let's see what she says. They have Minnie. They have Mickey. Poor Mickey. Mickey. Can't get my phone back in my pocket. Mickey. These poor little legs. Somebody didn't check quality control cuz his legs are backwards. Minis are just fine. Do they fit? They fit on the new emos, Dad. On my little new emos. Oh, look at Tinker Bells. Adorable. Got Cinderella. Think we have Snow White, Belle, Ariel, Rapunzel, and Tiana. We should try them on for access. Yep, we need them. Oh, you know what I could do? I could check out on my mobile app. I forgot about that. I always forget about the mobile checkout. That would be easier with the stream, for sure. All right. Oh, these are so cute. Oh my goodness. I would have loved these. Adorable. And they have one little outfit change it looks like for Rapunzel. Uh. Ooh, $80. I mean, you do get several little dolls, but woo, that's expensive. Yep. These are an ad to cart. I'm still waiting for my shirt in this. I also really just want him. I wish they just sold him without the bag cuz I don't need the bag to love the cup, but I'm not spending $50. If they had the regular Starbucks cup in this, again, add to cart. Immediately add to cart. These are fun. Cinderella. We have Belle. Wait, do we have Gusgus Jack Jackack on this one? Yep, they're on the bins. Oh, I got them. They're so cute. Yes. Mobile checkout for the when. These are nice and lightweight. Oh, there's my sign. $35. Uh, we have Aurora, Moana, Rapunzel with cute little Pascal. We have Ariel with Flounder. Love it. And then we've got Moana with Heii and Pua. Pua. If you guys were on my stream on Wednesday, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about. Oh, I love this. You had me at Walt Disney World, right? Uh, aren't the dolls cute? Yeah. Not horrible. $35 for those. I like this one, too. We got a mad retired kiddo. This one's too cute, too. This one's too. I forgot the cute part. Good morning. Always a pleasure to go shopping with you. Thank you for streaming. A thank you, Jesse. Thanks for being here. Appreciate that. Oh, goodness gracious. My Figgy egg slicer. Ooh, I like this one. Is this one new? It's 10. $30. I like that a lot. Oh my goodness. What? Monreal corn on the cob holders. Mom and dad, you might need these. >> $14.99. That is amazing. Oh my word, look at the spatula. It's a Mickey bar spatula for $14.99. >> I would take to cart. All right, they have all these cups. Oh my word, this is so retro and I love it. A world of magic and imagination. That's one side. And then I think this is the other. Yeah, it's plastic. $27.99. And then uh Hey, Tracy. They have these that come with mystery pens. $54.99. And the only way you can get the pens is with the cup. So if you're a paint collector, they get you there. That is a getcha. Get you getcha. Geta. Love this jacket. Kind of reminds me of my 50th. The over cups are so so retro. A lot of these things they're adding right now are very retro. Love this with Tinker Bell on it. It's very simple but cute. And then this is really fun, too. Is that a kid or Tim? Because of his credit card bill. That's hilarious. Love the giant pen or pencil. I'm sorry. Mom and dad, do you remember when we had these as a kid? What is old is new again. That's right. Okay, see what else we got. >> The Cinderella ears and the gold ears. These are so pretty with this collection. >> Good job merchandising team. >> Gorgeous. >> The button-up shirt. kind of see what's here. >> Got your 2026 merch here. >> Oh, this is new. And I believe it is the Disneyland castle. Weird. I don't know why we've got it, but cute. >> That's what it looks like to me. They do still have this >> sweatshirt hoodie, which I love so much. It's $69.99. It was a little short on me, >> but I did really like it. >> That's right, Kathleen. It is a pencil that you wrestle. Wish they do more retro vintage style for some of their designs. Can never go wrong with vintage. Agreed. They're doing a lot more than they used to, that's for sure. the 626 over here. >> Pluto. >> I love the Mickey and the Mini. >> I have this one. I can't wait to wear it. Should have wore it today. Today actually would have been a good day for that. Mom and I have the the springtime one here. This one with Winnie. Hi, Cody. And then the lucky um Yoda shirt. I was going to say Fourth of July. St. Patty's Day. Let's go with that. St. Patty's Day. Seeing a lot. They do have um a couple Easter ones. We got this one, of course, the spring one. I really love this purple one, too. Don't let me walk out until I pay for this. I almost went out to see the dapper dance. >> I got to pay for my merch. Merch. Merch. Cut. I do still like this shirt. Both of them actually. >> Oh yeah, my Melody. Oh, I love my Melody. She's my favorite out of the San Rio. Minnie Mouse skirt. I love the skirts. They just don't fit me that well. They do not fit me so well here at the Disney's. They're they're a little tighter than I like my skirts to be. They do have built-in shorts, which is great. Fourth of July pin up already. I think that's last year. So, tip and nail. Oh, I love this one with rabbit and piglet. These two are my fave. Piglet and Piglet New York. My Melody. I love that. Didn't give it away at Oh my goodness. This is like soft, too. That is so cute. $17.99. If you're an Orange B fan, that would be a must. >> That is adorable. I like this one too. Merida, we were the bears >> uh for the race. For the brain race or for the Merida 5K princess race, I should say. >> Let's go see what ears they have. See if they have anything new. I do love this one. Classic. Hi, Jason. You gifted one Resort TV1 membership. Thank you so much, Jason. Looks like uh Brian got it. Thanks, Jason, for gifting a membership. That is very kind of you. We really appreciate it. Thank you so much. All right, they do have the ear holders, which is amazing. I'm glad they finally got them here at Disney World. We're getting more and more things that they have in Tokyo cuz people love it. And now next, we just need Duffy. Duffy and friends. All right. Seeing a lot of new ears or these are the ones I have on today. Could look the pins all day. Oh, I love that one. >> Yeah, the community is so kind. We love our hoppers and moppers and boppers. You guys rock. We have the best community 100%. I do like the really cute. >> All right, that's about it here. Let me do a little mobile check out. My word, what are these? Are these mints that look like a ticket booth? Yep. Character shaped peppermints. Okay, that is really cool. 5.99. >> Add to cart. >> All right, let me see if I can do a mobile checkout. That would be easier. Good morning, Mary. I'm enjoying your cruise visit with Dale. Looks like a great time. Thank you so much. I'm glad you're enjoying the cruise vlogs. Um, Dale and I had a great time and we're so glad we could share it with you guys as well. So, thank you going thank you for going over to Jenna Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Thanks for watching. And go over there and subscribe as well, guys, if you haven't already. Hi, Robert. Daryl S just became a member of the channel. Thank you so much, uh, Daryl. Thank you for becoming a member of the channel. A Victoria and Riley, you're so nice. She says uh that you guys are so kind as well. Your kindness is contagious. So kind. Jason says, "Kind of wild and sad that later this week marks 4 years since I was at Disney." Oh my goodness, Jason. Time does fly. Good morning, Lee. All right, guys. Mobile checkout. Let's do this. Uh, okay. Merchandise check out. There we go. I found it. I'm like, where is this? Scan an item. >> This is where two hands would be helpful, but I think I got this. >> It did it. Okay. Add to bag. Okay. Go to bag. It's got my annual pass discount in there already. $13 before tax. My hubby is so jealous of Dale with Jordan Speed the Art of Palmer tournament. Oh my goodness. They had he had an amazing time. Oh my word. He was in seventh heaven. Hi girly girl. Yeah, they do have mobile checkout if it works. Mine is not working currently. Let's try this again. might have to go to the checkout after all. Come on. Wi-Fi is not on. Okay. Okay. Here we go. Check out. There we go. Perfect. 1447 purchase and then you go over here and they scan the code. >> Yes. >> Okay. >> Yep. >> Um that's okay. I'll just put it in my backpack. Thank you so much. >> All right, guys. Purchased All right. Sorry. >> Oh, I love this song. Oh, happy all around her. You feel so grand like a big brass. I love how excited people get when they see the castle. >> I love it. I love it. Thank you everybody. We are >> the That's right. We're over here in town square in front of the trolley car about to sing a barberh shop tune for you. How about a song about the cheese? Who's the leader of his love that's made for you and me? M I C K Y M O U as welcome. >> One more time. M K Y M O U Sy. Come along and sing a song and join the jamberee. M I C A Y L O U S P. Fellas, you know what? I think we should do something special this morning. Why don't we jazz it up a little bit? All right, if you can hear my voice, sing along and put your hands together. 1 2 1 2 3 with iOS. Where am I? I promise I see see a real soon. Why? Why? Because we like you. M O U S M O U S. >> Wow. Good job. >> Everybody, we are the D. >> Have a great day here in the Magic Kingdom. Thanks for listening. >> Good job, guys. >> Love it. Love it. All right, guys. Let's see. Let's go in the theater and go see what kind of art they have. >> Don't go in there very often. >> Yeah. No one talked to you last time. >> Yeah. If you guys are enjoying the stream, make sure you hit that like button and subscribe as well. I got to make a reservation at Tony sometime. And I keep saying I'm going to do it and then I keep forgetting. One day we will do it. They're doing a little reverb here it looks like on the railings. 35 minute for Mickey Mouse. Not too bad. Not too bad. >> Oh, hey Greg. I'm having a great day. How are you? The Dapper Dan on the far end is a family friend. Great voice. Good to see him. Oh, that's amazing. I love that. We say hi to Mr. Toad. And we miss your ride, Mr. Toad. We do. We miss it. I got him. He's so cute. Him and his little ducks. How is the battery? We are at 26%. Hello, everybody. Yes, I have my Merida shirt on today. She's solid. I think I'm afraid I've got my ears, but I the four park ears and my glasses. I am all set. But these are a little more than the ones over there. And then you got this castle for 169 for any discounts. Hi James from Fort Meyers. Jimmy is here. Hope youall are having a blessed Disney day. Thank you so much. 4 weeks from this Friday, we will be there. Oh, that's so exciting. And I love the countdowns. Definitely did those as well. This one is 169 to Walt and his desk. Tim, did you get this one? I know you were thinking about it. Not sure if you got it. I know, Tim. I'm so jealous. I still want this. just I I'm out of wall space and it's $50, but it is adorable. Thank you, uh, Honey Buns. That's a cute name. Love it. A, look at this one. Toy Story gang gang going across the street. Not yet. You still want? I'm sure they have it at Disneyland. Adam Yoda 110. I'm glad I found my ear um keychain. I'm so excited for that. Oh, look at this one. So cute. And then we've got this one. 169. >> 60th anniversary. Adorable. Hi, Evan. I would miss the impersonal groove. I love this movie so much. >> Hi Rita. Hi Evan. >> Over here is Tony's Town Square. They're already seen them. It is 11:11. Everybody make a wish. lady that came in. >> Okay, I probably should plug in soon. Go the trolley. I think they're done for the day. I >> think we're going to go in the candy shop. I wonder what kind. I think they have a spring popcorn right now. Let's go see. Don't think they have the strawberry one anymore. However, I do see something pink. They have the starlight popcorn. That is amazing. Well, there you go. We could do the train. The backwards choo choo train. Lord, they do still have the strawberry one. Okay. All right. >> It's raining in San Diego. Oh, no. That's not normal. >> Looks like we're going to have a rainy end of the week here in Florida. starting on Thursday. All the yummy trail mixes chips and things. I got this finally and it was delicious. I've never got those before. They are good for a little protein plus a little sweet. These flowers are so cute. I bet you can get them next door at the crystal shop. peanut butter and jelly cookie pie. Uh-huh. We tried a piece of that. It was delicious. >> And they got their Mickey chocolate cake pops. I also love those. I've never had the chocolate caramel cookie. That looks good. Like a Twix. >> I'm going to get a Mickey car. Oh, look at this guy. We got this the other day. It wasn't as good as it looked. Oh, guess what, guys? I found the butterbeer sandwich cookie. If you guys were watching on Monday, we were looking for um all the butterbeer treats and they were out of them. All we got to try was the waffle, which was amazing. But um I went back and I did find the butterbeer cookie sandwich and oh my word, if you guys get the chance to go, it's big. It's very expensive. It's sharable. Um but it is so good. I brought it home with me and I've only had like maybe seven bites of it. Like it's going to last forever, but it is delicious. Delicious. If you like butterbeer and who doesn't >> Oh my goodness, Jason. Yes, I remember that. the the clear plastic containers that the candy was put in. We had one um and they were shaped like Mickey's. Sometimes they'd have little like prints on them like Mickey or Minnie. And do you remember they were like little um sweet tart things we had gotten in them. They were good. They were yummy. Some widelegg sweatpants here. Got the stitchy bag. Not supposed to rain when you're in San Diego. I know, right? A Evan, I'm so sorry you're sick. Feel better. Gaining calories vicariously. Rachel says, "I could go for the peanut butter and jelly cookie now." I know, right? We get to try it when you guys were here and it was so good. Love these bags. But I have not gotten one yet. They're really cute. I tried this Skinny Pop butterbeer popcorn the other day. Not bad. Okay. Is it back? Cuz I've been looking for that forever. That's one thing Universal should do is a butterbeer popcorn. I would buy that in an instant. This is cute. Uh Julia Pratt just became a member of the channel. Thank you so much, Julia, for becoming a member of the channel. Really appreciate that. It's very, very kind of you. They have any of the cruise l Oh yeah, here they go. They do have some. Love the rings. >> Does Lily Fzer have anything new? Let's go see. Amazing. >> Yeah. >> Well, >> this isn't Lily Poop. >> Stony Clover. Sometimes I'll have Lily stuff here, but not today. >> All right, guys. Do you want to go ride the train? Shall we ride the train? Train. >> Why not? >> Oh, hi. How are you? Good. Hi. Enjoy your day today. Thank you. What's the merch like on the Star of the Seas? Um, if you watch our I believe it was our Was it our second video or was it this last one I just edited? I think it was the second video. Um, I did show a lot of the merch, so go check it out. It's It's really nice. It's a little pricey. Um, but, you know, you're on a cruise. I did buy a t-shirt. They do have um, you know, deals every once in a while. They'll have like a t-shirt deal where you can get like what was it? I think it was 2 for 30 or 2 for 20 or 25, I forget. But it was a really good deal. They're of course not the best quality shirts, but at least you can get a shirt, have a little momentto from your cruise. They had some fun things. >> Gorgeous day today. Yeah. Hey, Monoa J. Let's go ride the train. I do not have that lounge fly. No. Where he's doing the uh handstand or whatever you want to say. Yeah. It's cute though. I've seen it. Dale does get up early. Yes, he is an early riser. I am not. I wish I was, but I am not. tuning in on my lunch break. Oh, it is a very beautiful day today. Cannot beat it. Oh, wow. Okay, this is cool. It does look very old school Walt Disney World with the color of the castle. I will not lie about that. Go get in the middle. You got to stand to the side a little bit or the flag pulls in the way. Awesome. Danny says, "I'm coming down to Florida next week to visit family. I wish I could meet you guys, but I don't think I'll get to the parks." A, that's too bad. But I hope you have a great time while you're visiting your family. Always a fun time coming to Florida. So guys, also check out another amazing sponsor that we have um resortv1homes.com brokered by exp realy. Again, resorttv1homes.com. Go check us out. Go over there if you guys are wanting to move closer to the magic of Walt Disney World. Go check out resorttv1homes.com. Again, brokered by expy. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Resort tv1homes.com. Guys, go check us out. >> Yeah, it is. It's looking very nice. Very nice. >> Thanks, Disney Mama. >> Yeah, I I agree, Jason. It does take you back. I liked the pink. cuz I am I I'm a pink girly. I love pink. It's always been my favorite color. But this is very nice. Let me zoom in for you guys a little bit. It's very pretty. Did they They got that other section done this morning when we were here. Let me see. Let me go back to my pictures. Yep. Can we zoom? So this morning they had this little piece to do still. Sorry for the glare on the right turret at the bottom. It's done. They did it. Good job. Evan's got his coffee. Nice. Beautiful. Beautiful. All right. Might as well just hang. Oh, did I hear it? No, that's the Montreal. We'll just hang out around here until it gets here. I thought that was the train again. It's a Montreal train. This is fun. Ticket window. Oh, look at that. Disneyland Railroad. The scenic route around Disneyland via the spectacular Grand Canyon and Primeval World Diaras. If you guys, this is Lily Bell. If you guys have never been on the Disneyland train, oh my word, go watch some of our awesome um live streams from there cuz their train is it's better. It's amazing. >> You're welcome, Disney mama. Remember being there as a kid in the mid '90s when the castle was birthday cake? Oh my word. I do too. I do too. It was great. A lot of people didn't like it. I absolutely loved it. But again, I love pink. I love cake. What's there not to like? I love the castle. A pink birthday cake castle. Yes, please. >> Hey, spa with Ellen. Uh Tony, so no, the Starbucks is an extra cost every time you go to Starbucks on um the Royal Caribbean ships if they have a Starbucks. Not all of them do, but a lot of them do. It is an extra cost, so not included. Um and their other specialty coffees are not included either, but if you want regular just plain black coffee, um you know, of course they've got milk and sugar you can add or creamer, but um that is included. But any of the specialty lattes and things are not. It's that way on the Disney cruises as well. WDW Streamfinder. Hello. Uh, I'll say it's a good job. I can't get a door frame done painting, much less something the size of that castle. I know. Isn't that crazy? They are done with that piece already. So, the train must have just went. We skipped the Disneyland train on a family trip. didn't realize until later what we missed. Oh my goodness. Yeah. Well, if you ever get to go again, James, 100% go on that train. It is amazing. I remember the first time I went on it and we were all like, "Wait, what? What is this? We don't have this in Disney World. I mean, Disney dad, me and everybody else, right? Cuz there's never a short line." I love that you went on the hunt to find the cruise dog. A thank you, Disney mama. Yeah, I I did. I did. I wanted to see her so bad. So, on um the newer Royal Caribbean ships, if you guys didn't know, they have a resident dog on board on the Icon of the Seas and on the Star of the Seas. Um and then the new one, the Legend of the Seas. They just got a puppy for that one. They're all, I think, golden retrievers, I believe. And they are adorable and they just hang out and help, you know, however a doggy can on board a ship. on the star of the seas. Her name is Sailor. No train in sight. Should we just pivot and do something else? Hey, let's just let's just pivot. Um I do need to plug you guys in. Actually, let's see. Let's sit right here and do that. Maybe it'll come by the time I plug you in. Ooh, that's a hot bench. hot bench. Bye. Oh, this is harder to do by myself, but I got this. Hi, Jody. Uh, Jody says, or sorry, Jode family. Hey, Jenna. Happy Monday. Just finished work here in the UK. Going to hang out while I travel home. Awesome. Went on a solo solo visit. So cool. Need to get the family back. Oh, so you have done it. Okay, James. Awesome. Hi, Terry. I feel like I just sat on a wet bench. I know what that means. Wet tushy. All right, come on. You got this. Gamble. Okay, I did it. Sorry, got to get the cord already. Hi, Benjamin. Cord is a little tangled. I should have untangled before I did this, but oh well, we're charging. That's all that matters. All right, I don't think we're going to wait on the train anymore, guys. Hey, let's go explore some more. We could go um ride the People Mover again. Never a bad time for that. >> Okay. Again, thanks for being here, guys. So, so very thankful that you choose to watch our channel and support Josh and I. You guys don't know how much it means that you tune in every week. Everybody, some people turn tune in every single stream. A lot of you watch the replays, which we also really, really appreciate. So, thank you. Thank you. Thank you from Josh and I for supporting us for so many years. We're coming up on a big uh anniversary I think next week for Josh and I and for um Resort TV 1. So stay tuned. We might do a fun um anniversary stream. I'm not sure. I haven't chatted with Josh about it yet. So I believe it's next week. If it's not next week, it's the next. But I think it's next week, but we really do appreciate you guys so very much. You don't even know. The downside of the current train situation is only one train can run. That's so true. Yep. one train. Good morning. How are you >> doing? Great. >> Good. Good. >> How many people you have this? >> Um, we have 1,400. >> 1,400. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> That little tiny box. >> Tiny little box. They're a little heavy, but you know, I'm getting strong. >> Great. Well, wish you the best. >> Thank you so much. >> We can follow you. >> What's that? >> Oh, Resort TV1. >> Resort TV1. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Awesome. Nice to meet you. Thank you for what you do. Yeah. You, too. A Nice cast member there, Edwin photo pass photographer. Tony says, um, I try to watch every stream. Love that. Thank you so much. And again, we do love our ninja watchers and our, uh, replay watchers as well, cuz I know a lot of people have to work during the morning streams and I 100% get it. Um, but it is fun to be here in the mornings as well. So so glad that you guys do watch those replays. I believe it is the 19th. Okay. Yes. Thank you. I knew it was on my calendar. I just had to go look. So it is next week, right? Today's the 9th in 10 days. >> Rock. That's right. 1,400. There's always room for more. We're almost up to 1500, but a lot of people are having lunch break right now, so that is amazing. Oh, you know what? I heard the Casey bathrooms are back open. Let's just walk that way and see. All right. Wow, it's bright. >> Oh, thank you, Manoja J. I'm so glad you enjoy the Monday streams. Wow, look at that. Okay, so the cranes are going down as we are talking right now. So, yay. That's amazing. >> And it's it's done from the front. At least it looked like. Wow. I can't believe we saw that last piece right before they finished it. There might be some more behind the middle section that looks like it still needs painted, but it's getting there. Let's get a good shot from here now that the crane is gone. There'll be a better one up top there, but it's fine. We'll get one while we're standing here. Awesome. Here watching always just quieter in the mornings. No worries, Ann. I get it. Listening while at work helps me get through the day. A I'm so glad. Sorry if I missed your message. Taking some pictures there. All right. Yes, the restrooms are back open over here by Case's Corner. That is awesome. Those were, you know, one on this side. You know, there's one on the other side, too. So, it's always good to have more restrooms. I don't know where I'm going. Wondering >> wondering about meandering Monday. There we go. >> Say wandering Monday, but that doesn't really go together. Meandering Monday. Let's just go look up at the castle now that the cranes are gone. >> You don't like the castle color? Yeah, it's it's the original. I don't mind it right now. I love that the turrets are still super blue. Were I don't think they were like that on the original castle. Is that true? I don't know. Probably just have faded over time. But I do like the really blue turrets. Again, I love the pink castle, but this is pretty, too. It looks like I don't know if they keep that pink right there in the middle by the curtain. They might. I just don't know. All right, let's get a pick. >> Hello, everyone. >> Oh, hello Daisy. Daisy said hi. >> You want to think like anything else? >> Beautiful. Beautiful castle. >> Crazy. This is so crazy. Oh my guess. >> All right, guys. Got a couple views of that for my thumbnails. Oh, I can't see. Sorry if I missed cuz I cannot see. Let's get another view of it from back here. Very pretty. It is my house. This is true. It is definitely no birthday cake castle. You are right, Tim. Oops. >> Shall we take another ride on the People Mover? What do you guys think? I'm up for another relaxing ride. If you're on lunch break, maybe that'll be a good relaxing lunch break for you guys. Can you show us? I wish I could show you my apartment in the castle, but you know, the mice are busy cleaning it right now. So, you know, Dale's uh got his office up there. He's working. Yeah, it doesn't feel super busy today. I'm loving this. This is like the calm before the storm of all the spring breakers next week. >> And then from next week until like middle or end of April, it's going to be crazy. Sorry everybody, I can't see your chat at the moment. We are like the sun is literally right in my eyes making the screen really dark. Oh my goodness. Daisy and Donald are just out about. Look at her string her stuff. Oh my word. Look at that. Fancy. Fancy. Fancy. So cute. On the catwalk. On the catwalk. So cute. >> Daisy. That was amazing. That was great. So cute. I loved it. >> I see that. >> They need a Stitch ride, don't they? I would go for a Stitch dark ride. Just the story of Lilo and Stitch. It could be a nice calm ride. I mean, it's Stitch, so it's not going to be super calm, but you know, it could be a dark ride like Winnie the Pooh and Ariel, but with Stitch. I would love that. We need more dark rides. Everybody agree with me? Dark rides. I love that Disneyland has so many more dark rides. I miss all of them here. I mean, we got a few and I'm glad we still have those. Let's get a Lilo and Stitch dark ride. We need a a Rapunzel one. Tangled. We need um what's the other one we were just talking about earlier? I mean oh uh Beauty and the Beast. We need that. >> Yeah, we need all of them. >> A Hawaiian roller coaster ride. I mean 100% I would go for that, but I would also go for a dark ride. >> All right, the line got longer. I need to start wearing a hat. >> I miss Dream Flight 2. It was such a good ride. >> Vision completely agrees with me. >> I know. Wasn't that adorable? >> I know. That was so cute. >> They are so fun together. Daisy was on point. Have you seen David from the chat? I forgot he missed Josh on Saturday. I just missed him by a few hours. Wait, David Mom Power or David in the chat? DMV. DMV David can't talk. Hello, fellow Disney fans. All right, guys. So, uh, definitely check out another awesome sponsor. We have David's Vacation Club rentals, dvcre request.com/tv. Again, dvcre request.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's, but you can uh treat your family to a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost again at dvcrequest.com/tv. >> Go check him out, everybody. >> Um, I did see David while he was here. We got to see him right before we left on our cruise, but he wasn't here this weekend, was he? I don't think so. >> Tony and Maria are back from their walking shopping. Awesome. Where'd you go shopping? >> I don't think it's in Florida. At least not that I know of. They were just here though. I >> think a bee just ran into my arm. >> Got your first David's Rental coming up in a few weeks. That's amazing. >> Oh, no way. David was here. He surprised Josh. Uh-uh. That's crazy. Okay. I did not know this. That's awesome. Very cool. Tango Ride should go in the Germany pavilion. There was a planned boat ride there. Yeah, that's right. I forgot about that. >> Okay. Well, how cool is that? I had no idea. I was today years old. >> It was by Duby. He was like, "Why aren't you at Epcot doing my scavenger hunt?" He was trying to push me over there. >> That's cool, John. Okay. I had no idea. That's amazing. I rented Riviera points for spring break through David's. Oh, that's amazing, Brandon. Love it. Thanks guys for using our sponsors. We really appreciate it. It does really help a lot. >> Another awesome sponsor that we have is um Dreamtable. If you guys are coming here soon, dreamtable.co. Um they will help you find your really hard to get reservations that you're looking for. So, um, you just go to the app. You can download it on the app store or get it on dreamt.co. Put in the reservation or the restaurant that you're looking for, the day or days, the number of people, um, all the things. And, um, they will notify you whenever the reservation becomes available. So, uh, they won't make the reservation for you. They will just notify you again at dreamtable.co. dreamtable.co, guys. Go check them out. David and daughter Isabella. I think that was her name. Yeah. Oh, very cool. And yeah, they are very sweet. Food shopping. Maria was coming kissing girl as we went out. A that's awesome. Love Little Mermaid. Yes. David's Vacation Club rentals. That's exactly where you can rent your DVC points. 100% like it is getting hot. button has popped. Thank you, Meline. >> Thank you so much. I really appreciate it. Thanks for Ninja watching. >> Guys, we're getting so close to 1,913 likes away. Also, subscribe if you're new. We'd love to add you to the resort Hopper family. Also, speaking of Hopper, who has seen the new movie Hopper? Just came out. I want to go see it. It looks cute. That little lizard is adorable. I'm actually shocked that they don't have any Hopper merch yet. If they get a lizard, I might have to add him to cart. That's a nice breeze. People mover is going to feel amazing cuz it's in the shade. It's going to be a great breeze. I am ready for it. Going up. Let's see who will be the thousand like My husband Jay stops Dale's Insta stories all week and he loves seeing his experience. A and I'm so glad. That's amazing. Dale loves doing all those stories on his Insta. If you guys aren't following Dale, my husband, uh it's Dale RTD or um both of us have our own Instagram. It's Adventures of Jenn and Dale, just like our YouTube channel. Jessica saw the movie on Friday. It's very cute and fun. A Look like these trees are starting to bloom. >> We have an avocado tree in the back that we grew from a pit. If you guys are watching us on Adventures of Jenna and Dale, you'll see. Um, but we grew it from a pit and it it is really tall now. Too tall that we couldn't cover it during all the freezes that we had. It is completely brown now. So, we're a little worried that it didn't make it. But we've had it for about 6 7 years now. So we were hoping that it would make it through the freeze, but it was it was very cold this winter. So anyway, I hope it makes it Thanks for posting that. >> I know, Ann. Wasn't that super cool? was walking with the winner of the tournament. That is amazing. Again, he was on cloud nine. I'll be down at the end of April using our voice to say a Polly. Amazing. We love Polly. Have fun. Disembark. Hope to see you. >> I'm glad the ramp is working today. 70 more likes to a thousand likes. Oh my goodness. When Dale was hiding from the portaotti. Oh, isn't that funny? >> So funny. Yeah, it was a downpour all of a sudden and he had there was nowhere. I mean, when you're on a golf um I was going to say golf field, that's not it. course golf course. Uh sometimes, you know, there's nowhere to take cover. So, he uh he got drenched, but then he ended up going in a porta potty so that he didn't get more drenched. >> Oh, wow. Maria. Yeah, it is so nice to see the sun, isn't it? Hi, Noel. That's what keeps me uh keeps me going. You're a ninja tourist. Awesome. I know a day. Enjoy. >> Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other. >> Okay, thank you. Enjoy your journey. Thank you. >> Please step carefully onto the eating platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. >> Dale work the tournament. He work he's been working the tournament for seven years now I think. I'm not sure. I have to ask him. >> He's been working it for a while. He loves it. They haven't carefully dream come true. It is a great one. >> For your safety enjoy. This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around tomorrow. >> Greetings intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the people mover presented by I'm 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow. At my stars, they're ever last to see. From spacecraft to monstercrafts, there's really nothing like today in tomorrow. >> For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not. Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Trek. Transfer to Green and Red Lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future. I find two of my favorite spots. >> First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of charge. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny borax. >> On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest ones in the galaxy, except actual stars. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Run. >> I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. >> This is Starboard 75 or as we always call it space. Our highspeed rocket goes to distant deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy, the coral moons of Pisces 7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Cook today. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Engaging Mr. Marorrow, Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Access destinations. Attention all visitors to Galaxy F31. Please keep all of clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. There you are. Heat. Heat. Some of your lamps. >> Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Whether you or not, take the time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come full. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you. And even now we're concluding. This is always my favorite part because now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow today. See you in the future. Thanks, Kev. It's just the castle. I had to get some new pics today because the castle has changed colors. I hadn't been to Magic Kingdom in 3 weeks, which is crazy to me. Please keep all and upper appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> All right, guys. >> Please keep all and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step off platform caution and standing away from the car. Thank you. Please take and others. And if you are just joining, welcome to Magical Monday at the Magic Kingdom. Really appreciate you guys being here. It's been a fun morning so far. Let's see. We have not been in the pin shop yet. Should we go over to Frontier Land and check it out? Um, what else? We haven't been in Momento. We could do that. What else? What else? Yeah, let's walk through. Let's just do a lap around Fantasy Land and all the things. They're coming here in July. That's so exciting. Okie dokie doie. This way. Hello. Welcome in. >> Hey, Richard. the park. >> All right. If you were here today at Magic Kingdom, where would you go eat lunch? Let me know in the chat. I'm trying to figure out where I'm going to go. Sapphire Sooner sent a $5 super chat. Will you guys be streaming tomorrow at Epic for Mario Day? Um, thank you so much, Sapphire Sooner, for the $5 super chat. Um, I will not be streaming tomorrow from Epic, but we'll be there on Wednesday. So, um, so yeah. So, join us on Wednesday. I think I'll be live in the morning. I probably will only go for a little bit, maybe an hour, hour and a half. It will be a a pretty short stream cuz I'm going with mom and dad just to enjoy the day. But, I figure we can stream a little bit and show you guys some of Epic since we haven't been there in like a year, over a year. Well, not quite a year. I'm sorry. We haven't been at all this year. It was September, so not a year. Feels like a year. All right, let's see. What do we have here? Um, spring rolls, spring rolls, Casey's Columbia Harbor House. See, those are my two options that are in my head right now that I want. I want either spring rolls or Columbia Harbor House. Good pick. Good choices, guys. Uh JSL sent a $5 super chat. Says, "Uh, will you guys ever ride ET Adventure again?" Yeah, whenever we go live there again. For sure. We might do it. Thank you so much, JL, for the $5 super chat. Good afternoon, Scott. How are you today? Your mom Oh, you guys are Courtney says, "Me and my mom will be there." That's awesome. Hope to see you. >> Thank you. Mom and dad haven't been since the AP previews. So, um, they're pretty excited to go back. Pretty excited. Okay. What? Wow. >> It and it's going to be a warm one on Wednesday. So that's that's probably that's one reason another reason I guess I should say that we are not going to stream that long. But we also just want to enjoy the day together, mom and dad and I. So just be ready for a short stream. But we will stream a little probably in the morning. Probably around 9:30 or 10 Wednesday morning. JFL $5. Tuby has has all the Cartoon Network shows like Dexter's um Laboratory and Powerpuff Girls. Okay, cool. JFL, thank you so much for the super chat. That is very kind. And thanks for that info. Thank you, JFL. Yes, now that the fog is gone. Oh, awesome, Scott. Don't know what I'm more excited for, the one day in park or the cruise. Aw, wait, what cruise are you going on, Satie? Maybe you said and I forgot. I'm sorry. All right, there is coconut doip or they have some yummy choices over here. Let's go see. They have the Aurora cone. Oh, this one sounds good. >> Shortcake. >> This one you cannot go wrong with. >> All right, cool. I know. It's always so fun to be at Epic. I love that park so much. It is gorgeous and I've missed it. >> Thanks, Shedy Master. But the problem is most of the >> Let's see. I'm going to go to Momento my haunted mansion shop. Guys, we are so close to 1,000 likes, 1,500 in the chat. Thank you so much for joining us today. Means a lot. And again, thanks to all of the ninja watchers and the replay watchers as well. Got Philar Magic over here. >> Let's go in the shop. fantasy figure. >> Sometimes they have some different things. >> See if they do today. You're going on the treasure. Oh my goodness. You're going to love it. I want to get back on that ship so bad. Um, definitely enjoy a lot of time in the Haunted Mansion Lounge. The cocoa dinner is amazing. It's just all good. You're going to love it. You are definitely going to love it. Okay, the show just got out. Pivot. We're going to go out this way because holy moly. Okay. >> Forgot about the show getting out. We timed it just right. >> Oh, Skipper Canteen. I haven't been there in so long. I need to go back there. We did ride Haunted Mansion. Actually, if you rewind towards the, it was the very first ride we rode. So, go back and check it out. We did right away in the morning, we did um Haunted Mansion, Pirates of the Caribbean, The Little Mermaid, and People Mover. And then we did People Mover again. So, if you missed it, go back and rewind. Check it out. Love Mondays with Jenna, especially Disney Springs shopping with mom and dad. A thanks, Elizabeth. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, see Maro's got the exact time. 2 hours and 50 minutes. You can see it towards the beginning of the stream. All right, let's go in the haunted mansion shop which is called Moment Momento. Sorry, Momento Mori. Doing a Skipper canteen. My next one is never done it before, but it looks great. Yeah, time I went it was great. It's been a while, >> but it was good. I >> love the clock ornament glows in the dark. Want to mention my baseball jersey. >> I love that long sleeve tea. >> Sold out. It's back in stock now. >> Got the Haunted Mansion glasses. I have these. Just a organ eraser. I do like this shirt. I wish it fit a little bit better cuz it's very cute. >> Um, it is $34.99. >> This is new mansion shirt. >> Oh, and a cup. This is cool. $39.99. >> I like this sweater. It's from Her Universe. $79.99. You have that. And then you have the skirt for $64.99. Shirt too. And then there's this jacket. I think this is a Disney one. This is not her universe. This is cute. plain on the back. $79.99. Haunted is uh the haunted line. It's very haunted. It's out around the corner here. >> Yep. It got busy. Holy moly. >> Love the merch. Awesome. We're going to head to the pin shop. >> This is where it gets squishy. We found it. We found the squish. >> Yeah, the Haunted Mansion uh Mansion baseball jersey. Super fun. Oh, we did it. 1,000 likes. Thanks everybody. Woohoo. Amazing. >> Yeah, that was a pretty long line, wasn't it? >> I know. really. >> Look at all the crowds. Knew it would be busy later. Oh, thank you, JL. Another $5 super chat. Uh, can you believe on Wednesday it will be six years since Disney shut down? Oh my goodness. It's Wednesday. 6 years. Wow. Nope. I cannot believe it. Those six years went really fast. Thank you so much for the $5 super chat. Uh, JFL, thank you. Thank you, man. You can hear him working back there. It's good news. Oh, look, a little space. Going to the pen shop. >> Let's go. >> Oh yeah. >> Oh my word. There is a Kermit >> pin board. That is so cute. Adorable. A thank you if you can dream it. Thank you for watching the cruise vlogs. We really do appreciate it. It's very very kind. Very kind. That one. I love this one too. I want Pluto. Tim's like squirrel. I her pins. That one's cute with Donald. It is really crowded in here. I'm going to evacuate. Sorry, it was too crowded. I apologize. It was really squishy. >> Sorry guys. I wanted to look and then it was like, "Okay, you moved here out of this person's way." And then there was more people and more people. So I was like, "Okay, I got to get out." >> Why don't we see what this is? >> So sorry. So, we were talking about words that like either make you like perk up like a dog, you know, like when you say treat or walk or something. Uh, we were talking about that with um what makes us perk up like that like a dog. So, Tim's must be pens. Tim's word is pens. Mine is coffee or Starbucks or shopping. One of those. Like, what you say? Shopping. Did you say c coffee? So, or treats. I like treats. What would your word be that makes you perk up? Your ears go up like a dog. Thanks, Richie. >> Yes. My favorite spots. Your word would be coffee, Britney. Yep. Awesome. I know probably a lot of our a lot of us our word would be coffee. Add to cart. Yep, that's a good one. Love it. >> Britney says dragons. Okay, cool. Vacation. That's a good one. Pizza. Burgers or fries? Seafood. Coffee. Disney trip. Yes. Oh, Disney. Disney probably makes people perk up some. Oh, let's go in the Christmas shop. Let's see. I almost said coffee shop. Doesn't look as busy in here. Let's go see. coffee or epic. >> Good ones, Tim. Good. >> Holy moly, it got warm. >> Love the Easter plushies. >> Coffee. Coffee. Probably bakery snacks, treats. >> I did know that. Uh, see? Yeah. Look at all the stitchy ones. Got this one. Josh definitely got this for me for Christmas. He's so cute. >> Oh, gimbal's going wonky. Hang on, guys. I love this one so much. >> Yeah, that might be a add to cart. >> $26.99. >> I would just set them on my desk. >> Okay, our ball. That's fine. There's the popcorn bucket ornaments. I still kind of want Elliot. >> Disney or cats. Doggies is another one for me. Doggy. >> Your word would be Florida. >> Scurry. >> Scurry. No, that seems dangerous. >> Scarying sounds like you're going to fall over. >> Standing. I love the Pluto one. >> Baymax Pops. We got orange. >> AJ. Yes. Okay, David. I'll check in just a minute. In just a little bit. Oh, these are fun. >> I heard you're in town. >> Jiminy Cricket mugs. I have mugs. I have not seen any Jiminy Cricket mugs at the moment. Doesn't mean they don't have them. I just haven't seen any. >> Got Bay Max up here. >> I was like, "Oh, you're pretty sure mom has this one." >> I acknled. >> Okay, so stop talking. You're You're the problem. No, I think I'm not >> got happy birthday one. Oh, I love the new home. That's so cute. This one. Oh my goodness. I won the lottery. Le I love that. That's amazing. You're so good. Sorry for the giggle being wonky. I don't know what's happening. >> All right, let's head out. very decidedly too. >> Definitely ready for food and something cool to drink. That is for sure. We could get a great thumbnail over here, too. >> All right. It seems a little less crowded here. Everybody's in line for things. See that >> that shaded thing? Do you want to go wait? >> There's anybody waiting here. I feel like there's almost somebody there, but we can go. >> So pretty. >> Love the fresh paint. Uh, hi Jen. I've been watching you and your brother for a bunch of years, but usually don't have time to chat. Thanks for streaming. Oh, no worries. Uh, Toad Sylvvi, no worries at all. Thank you for watching for so long. We appreciate it. Keep bobbing the like and subscribing if you're new. Guys, we also have um Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified. These are two books on Amazon um that you can get the ebook, the hardcover copy or even the audio book for Disney Demystified. Um and you can get them on Amazon. So, uh go check it out. Disney demystified explains um you know a lot of diff different Disney knowledge that you might not know can impress your friends with all this knowledge. Um and Behind the Ride explains how your favorite rides at Walt Disney World were created. So go check out Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified both on Amazon by David Mower. All right, guys. Well, I think we're going to go ahead and wrap it up for today. I'm going to go get some lunch. I am by myself, so I don't want to wait too long or it's just hard to find seats and all the things when you're by yourself. So, hope you enjoyed the stream today. It's been a fun morning. Good, good, good, good time. Got to see the castle right before the last part of the pink was painted on the front. I think there's a little bit more on the side, but most of it is done on the front. So, that's pretty cool. Thanks for joining us, everybody. >> So, uh, bop the like on your way out. Leave a comment after the stream. Go over to Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Go over there and watch our newest cruise vlog. Or if you've not seen any of them, we have three out right now. We also um I also posted our uh princess run. If you guys missed that, our princess races over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. So, don't miss it. We would love to have you over there, guys, on our other channel. And then Josh's channel is a Retro TV1 Tech. Go check that out as well. Um, so I want to thank all of our awesome platinum members of the channel. They donate every month and we like to uh read their names and thank them. So, let me find them here. So we have Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy 1, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow or Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, The Amazing Jaylen Moxley, Scander Danni, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our awesome members of the channel. All of our hoppers, moppers, boppers, shoppers, all of you guys. We really appreciate you. Patreon members, all the members. Thank you so much everybody for joining. You're welcome, Tony. You're welcome. Jedi Master, thank you Mara. I see David said he's going where? Brown derby playing with Rock. I missed it since I was looking at my phone. Sandy de Pundy. Hello. Thank you for posting the cruise vlog, uh, Emora. Appreciate it. You're welcome, Kayla. Oh, come meet us at Hollywood. Oh, you got you're at the Brown Derby. That does sound good. I'm meeting another friend here. Or I would. That sounds good, though, David. Hi, Lane. All right. They're coming a little later, though. So, after lunch, I believe. All right, guys. Thanks again for joining. I think the castle's back there. I cannot see right now. Uh there it is. Thank you so much again for joining me today for Magical Monday. It really means a lot. We appreciate you guys so very much. And uh go watch the vlogs and the old streams. All right, everybody. We'll see you soon. See you on Wednesday at Epic. Can't wait. And Josh will see you tomorrow. Trinkle Tuesday. All right. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Fresh.
