---
video_id: Ylj9uMCXtUI
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Whimsical Wednesday at Animal Kingdom - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 3-25-26"
published: 2026-03-25
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ylj9uMCXtUI
---
So pretty. Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live for Whimsical Wednesday here at Disney's Animal Kingdom. Welcome in, guys. Before we get too far into the video, want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all of the social media for Resort TV1 on all the things. Welcome in everybody. How's it going? >> It is a beautiful, beautiful day here in Central Florida. >> I think so. >> Good day to be at Animal Kingdom. Hope you guys are enjoying your Wednesday so far. Hi Jay. Hi Anthony. Hi Dave. Catalina. Vic. Jacob. Boxer dog club. Benjamin. Jose or Jose. I'm sorry. Susan. Vicki. Emara. Amy, Kelly, Corbin, William. Dis Magical Moments. Val, Anthony, Daryl, Jay, Jules. Hi guys. I said it is beautiful, beautiful out today. I hope wherever you're at, you've got some sunshine, too. But if not, soak it in through the stream, everybody. Soak that sunshine in. It is beautiful. Hi, Lisa. Good morning. >> Oh, that's awesome, Anthony. Yeah, it is. It's a great park. Love the vibes. Love the animals and the rides. You can't go wrong. And the food. They have some really good food here. >> Oh my goodness. There's some new ears I might need. Oh boy. Oh boy. All right, let me pin it back cuz those are so stinking cute. Oh my word. Look at these. Yep, that might be a thing. Those are adorable wilderness explorer ears. Hi Jay. Hi Carpey DM if you can dream it. Vonette, good morning Kathleen. So the park did open at 8. Um I didn't get here at 8. So the safari is already a 40m minute wait. So was hoping it wouldn't go up that quick but it did. Um, so what do you guys think? Should we wait the 40 minutes for the safari, or should we do other things and come back later? 40 minutes is a is a little bit to wait, but I'm willing to do it if you guys are good with it. Aren't they cute? 35 days is your countdown. That is awesome. Here's the thumbnail right here, guys. This is our thumbnail. And if we are going to wait 40, I might need a restroom before that. I had coffee, you know. Got to have the coffee. Ooh, Mr. I love your plan. I already had coffee, but I could use more. It's a gorgeous morning, isn't it? I know, Benjamin. Yeah, it did open at 8, so I do get it. Hi, Disney fanatic. Um, but like I said, I'm good waiting if you guys are. >> What's in here? >> Oh, sorry. I I thought you were wanting to look at something. >> Um, I have 300 right now, but I'll have a couple thousand. >> How much are these? >> Um, it depends. They're on Amazon. Like a hundred or more. >> Not crazy. >> No, no, not at my sister-in-law. >> Yeah. >> Okay, cool. >> You too. >> Got 300. What up, chat? >> Um, I'm solo right now, but I am having some friends join me shortly. Let's get a Let's get a good view of that tree. It is beautiful. The wilderness must be explored. Amy's good with waiting or for um safari. Good morning, Tony. Yeah, early is a good time for animals. Hey, Jay Dog. Happy Wednesday. So glad you're here. Hello. I have my friends here. Are you ready for safaris? >> I I love the ears. >> Mickey and Minnie, >> right? So, it's already up to 40. But >> I didn't know if you wanted to do that, right? >> Um let's go that way and just kind of like just look at it. You know, sometimes >> they Usually less. >> Yeah, usually less. And people were saying in the chat, which is a good point, that um animals are more active in the morning. >> That's true. So cool. >> It'll be worth the wait. >> Find their food set out for them. I mean I mean the food that they find naturally. >> Yes. They forage for Hi, Julie. >> Natural trees. >> Yeah. And Jay Dog's in the chat. Jiren. >> Hi Jar. >> Good morning. >> Yeah, she's like she's loving Animal Kingdom. There was new ears I already spotted today. Oh dear. >> Wilderness explorer ears. >> Oh, >> they're really cute. >> That sounds >> Yeah. >> She says Sharon Andy. >> All right. There's Tim. Hey, Tim. How's it going? >> All the friends. >> All the friends are here. Exactly. >> Maybe they'll give you those ears if you assist the elderly today. >> I love that plan. Yeah, I can do that. >> I know somebody. >> They're right here. >> I don't know who you're talking about. I have no sorry throat's dry. Um, let's see. Oh, Amara is under the weather. I'm sorry. That's no bueno. >> Hi, Nicole. Jedi Master. >> All right, I have my long sleeve on and I already took it off. >> Same. I need to take this off. >> It's warmer than I was expecting. >> Edwin, hello. Amara says, "Hi, Shandandy. Amara, >> I hope you feel better soon. >> Yes, that's so fun. >> Emily, hello. Fly down to Disney tonight. Oh, that's so exciting. Oh my goodness. >> That's very exciting. >> Love that. >> Um, so I asked everybody if they wanted to do the safari first, they didn't mind waiting 40 minutes or if they'd rather do something else. And Mara says Starbucks. >> Uh, I like how he thinks. I'm good with that. Doesn't look like there's much of a line either. >> Morning is the best time to >> here. Yes, >> for sure. >> This one. >> Magic. Oh my word, the monkeys on the on the net. >> Oh, there's Oh my word, they're all on the net. >> Are they looking for bugs? >> So cute. The way you tried it, so I'm going to try it. >> Uhhuh. >> Monkey see monkey do. >> Very good. >> That's cute. Oh my goodness. >> Oh, for sure. Walking does warm you up quickly. I know they look for bugs sometimes up there, so Oh, good point. So cute. Oh my goodness. >> There's got to be a way out of here. >> Yeah, there's Oh, all of them but one >> are on the net today. That's adorable. All right, here is that viral cookie dough. We might need to try it today for science. >> We might try it today. >> Yeah, I think we should. >> Very sharable. >> Yeah, agreed. >> I've heard things. >> I have too. And I'm a little worried of the ice cream, but if we share I don't have a full three-way sh. I love that plan so much. >> Yeah, then I won't have an entire ice cream bar. Uh, Catherine, good morning. Good morning. There's another Tim here in the chat. Looking forward to Dak today. Monkeys are adorable. Punch the monkey is my favorite. But those Tamar monkeys his little plushy, it's just adorable. Cutest thing ever. Um, all right. Well, >> the line is not out of the thing, so that is a good sign. >> Hi, Peach. Welcome in. >> Monkeys freak you out. Oh no, they're so cute. Birds freak me out. >> Yep. Hi, Mia. Especially when they fly and touch you. No thank yous. >> We were at Universal yesterday. I did a vlog for Adventures. Um I haven't edited yet, so just stay tuned. But um there was a bird sitting or not sitting. We were sitting at a table and the bird was standing next to us. And he decided to fly under the table >> into my leg. Oh, I screamed >> right into >> Yeah, it was it I wasn't ready for it, so I I screamed. It was like a a jump scare. >> Oh, perfect. Let's go. >> She I don't even think I've ever heard you scream louder. Like even in a in a h roller coaster that bird >> that >> that bird had a great jump scare. I'm telling you, >> hh, if you need one of those, that's the way to do it. >> It's a really foul play. >> This is a foul play. I love it. Uh, hey Manoa J. Brownie Brown. >> Words of wisdom. Never trust a monkey and never trust a parrot. Oh, wait. I think she meant monkey. She put money, but I think it's monkey. That's funny. Uh, do you know when the next cruise vlog will be? Ah, Apple dude, I'm so glad you asked. It's actually today at noon. When I got home last night, I edited it. Took me all night. Literally all night. Um, I think I got done with it about 10:00. Wow. >> Got it ready and got the stream ready. So, noon today over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Go over and check day six of our cruise vlog out. This was a day that did not go as planned. So, you'll want to watch just find out why. >> Can't wait. >> Yeah, it wasn't as planned. Okay. So, yeah, today at noon, it's not a premiere. It's just going up at noon. So, you guys can watch it anytime you want. At noon, 12:00 p.m. There we go. J, I thought you meant monkey. Tim >> Tim says, "Birds don't freak me out, but their pua does." >> Same, Tim. >> I agree, Tim. >> Same. That's hilarious. Bonjour big bird. >> I will I will figure it out. >> It was a um >> it wasn't like a little tiny. >> It was a pig pigeon. We kept calling them penguins. >> Calling them penguins. >> Starts with the same letter, you know. Um and the pigeons there at Universal are pretty big. They're cute. As long as they're not flying into me. >> They are not afraid of people, that's for sure. >> No, they're not. >> Yeah, for sure. Apple dude, you got to check it out. Oh, Catalina, I hope you feel better. Wow. It's pretty whimy. Pretty cute. >> It is. And it's not hot. So, this is a good time to to wait. I like when it's not hot. Ninja watching. Oh, hello. Gian Pierro. Shout the stream, guys. Let everybody know I'm live at the Animal Kingdom. Hit that subscribe button if you haven't already. Also, over on Adventures with Jenna and Dale, I think we were three away from 13,000 subscribers. >> So, please subscribe, guys. Let's go check. >> That's exciting. >> So exciting. We're getting there. Two away now. >> It'll happen today, >> I think. So, so guys, >> while we're in this line, >> hit that subscribe button. That would be awesome. We need two more. >> Oh, it is the final whimsical Wednesday of March. >> April is around the corner. >> Month has flown by. >> It really has. >> Anyone else having glitching issues? Oh, no. I'm not seeing any in my end, but >> let me know. Thank you for subscribing, Mario. Really appreciate that. I know. April is coming. >> Ready or not, here it comes. Yeah. Try refreshing. Hi Froggy. Hi, Loving the Land. Can't wait for Super Mario Galaxy movie. Yeah, it looks cool, doesn't it? Hi, Smooth Joy State. Oh, I forgot to show that merch when we did our Universal yesterday. They had all new Mario merch for the new Galaxy movie. Mario Galaxy. Oh, wells. Next time. >> A lot of Mario. >> Yeah, a lot of new new stuff. >> That's good. Okay. Awesome. >> It looks good on Mario, but you never know. >> It is a little >> interesting. >> I see that. >> Yeah. >> Huh. >> Sometimes that happens. >> It could be Wi-Fi. >> That's true. Hi, Louisa. >> We ask that you please keep your group together, keep up with the party in front of you and All the available states. >> Did we get in line about what? 2 minutes ago, 3 minutes ago. I forgot to keep track. >> Caitlyn. >> 9:03. All right. Thanks, Andy. >> Perfect. >> Hi, the Datalian. How are you? >> You would never know what there was. A damaging frost freeze in that foilage. But yeah, right. I mean, most of it's good. They've gotten a lot of it taken care of. Disney's pretty good about that. Getting rid of the stuff that, you know, died during the freeze and but there are some, you know, some things here or there >> on our trees at home. >> Oh my goodness. Our >> all of our palm trees. So sad. >> Our palm trees are just leave it like not try to cut it. >> I've heard that too. Cut the dead stuff off. So we're just not touching it. >> A lot of them are starting to fall. Our neighbors have the same palms and they're starting to fall over our fence. >> Oh yeah. >> Which is fine. But I can see why Disney cuts them down cuz they don't want it to fall on a on a guest. >> Mhm. >> Yeah, especially the palm leaves. They're pretty big. >> Yeah, they really are. >> What am I going to do on April Fool's Day? Well, I haven't even thought about that. >> Also, we you know, if we're going to do an April Fool's joke, we can't tell you. >> You'll find out. >> Yes. Thank you, Candy. Oh my goodness, Rob. That would be funny. >> April 1st. Okay. >> It's This is the sunny day to watch. >> I know. >> Oh. Oh, is it really? >> The Artemis is on April 1. >> That's what somebody said that they're going to moon, right? >> Yes. >> I think they're going like >> around the moon. Gotcha. the darkness running. >> That is a weird time to pick. >> Mhm. >> April fools. We're not doing it. >> We launch a rocket. >> Well, we have to pick the day when the moon lines up a certain way. >> Oh, makes sense. >> Has nothing to do with the calendar. >> Gotcha. Oh, it went down to 30. Okay. >> I like that. Hey, Edwin. >> Good day to you, John. How are you? >> Good morning, uh, Rasa. >> So, while we're waiting, do you guys want to, uh, in the chat, tell us your favorite animal to see on the safari? Mine is probably between the giraffes and the lions. What about you guys? >> Lions. >> Lions. >> I like the painted dogs. >> Oo, good choice. The painted dogs are fun. Was I think I was with you the last time, Sharon, right when they were having the zooies. >> That was so cute. >> Yeah, it was adorable. >> I forgot about that. >> I think it was in the evening. >> Um but no, that was so cute. >> All right, tell us in the chat. We've got um Christopher says giraffe. Get me. >> They do. Nicole says giraffes. >> Mommy. >> Um lions. Are they sad? >> Flamingos. Zebra. Zebras are cute. Hippos, lions, wartthogs, crocs, giraffes. Emar said, "I'd be lying if I said hippos. Got to love it. Oh my goodness." Uh Josh and I are going to be live together on Friday night. Rob likes to see the humans. The river horse. Giraffe. >> They block the road. And I support this behavior. Giraffes. Sometimes they do a a giraffic jam. It's true. They're shirts that say it. Giraffic jam. >> Giraffic. >> Yeah. >> Looks like 13K is now listed. Oh, yay. Did we do it? Awesome. Let me see. >> Hi, Jennifer. 13,01. Yay. Congratulations. Thanks everybody. Oh my goodness. That's awesome. >> I love it. Thanks for subscribing to Adventures with Jenna and Dale. We're going to keep continuing to bring you lots of adventures. Love the okapi. That's a good one. Okapi. Giraffe. Elephants. I do love the elephants, especially the baby. >> Giraffes. Elephants. Oh. Um, my question was, what's your favorite animal to see on the safari? >> The monkeys. Sometimes they're not out. So, yeah, >> giraffes. Thank you, Amy. >> The crocodile. >> They used to have a ton and then all of a sudden they only have like two. >> I have not upgraded my camera yet, but I'm planning on it. So, stay tuned. I'm going to get a new uh Samsung and I'm going to get a new um gimbal. eventually. Thanks for boppinging the like button. Thanks, Edwin. Monoa Jay likes the cheetahs. Good choice. >> Yellow back. >> Uh, I don't even know how to say that. >> Stker. >> Ster. It looks like it does. >> Okay. >> You don't see those very often. >> No, they're very They're right at the very beginning. >> Yeah. Okay, I think I know what they look like. Oh, no. Love for the goats. I do love those goats, especially when they're in the back of the truck. Oh, Robin likes the goats. Any of the babies, especially the baby giraffe. They're adorable. Hello, Gail. How are you? >> No worries. Thanks for joining in. Hi, Logan. Uh, they're doing well. Mom's just still, you know, trying to get her strength back and so she's able to walk more. So hopefully they'll be back on a stream here soon. Well, >> it's been about 10 minutes, so not horrible. >> Hi, Dana. Dana says, "Lion Mary, good morning." I hope so. We're going to find out. It did look like most people were either going here or Flight of Passage. Um cuz Everest was 5 minutes. >> Oh, interesting. And Na'vi was lower than this one at one point, but now higher. >> Yeah, I thought so, too. Hi, Brendan. Rhinos for sure. Thank you so much. Uh, VNET says, "Congrats on 13,000 subscribers." Thank you. Thank you. Good morning, Michael. >> Good morning. I love the giraffes and the elephants. Last time I was there, the rhino blocked the road for a few minutes. Got so close to the truck I could almost reach out and pet it. Oh my goodness, that's crazy. >> Uh Gayla is asking if I have seen Divine the Tree. I actually have not lately. You know the >> No, I haven't either. >> Vine. >> Yeah, >> I have not seen her in a while. >> Hi, Alex. >> The crocodiles. So, I know we had a scary bird moment yesterday, but they do have a bird show at 10:45. Maybe if we, you know, become friends with them, then it'll help. >> They won't get quite so close to you. >> Exactly. Except for that one that goes low. But I like to sit back in the bleachers cuz then it's just easier to like zoom in and nobody sits in directly in front of you. Agreed. Yeah, cuz then you can go up. So I think we'll be okay in the bleachers. >> So that's at 10:45 if we make it. We shall see. >> Yep. >> Oh, Mr. Young Dude sent $10 super chat. says, "I challenge anyone to a super chat giving session to see how much we can raise. Um, no amount is too small. Streaming isn't easy. I know. I tried it, especially on your arm." A Oh, Mr. Young Dude, that is very kind. You guys don't definitely don't have to do that, but it is very, very sweet. I appreciate it. Thank you so much. Thanks, Mr. Young Dude. Hi, Ryan. I talked to my husband about a trip for HHN. I'm going to need to work on this idea a little harder. Man J says, "I get it. No worries. Uh, congrats on 22 months of resort hopper. Silver silver. Holy moly. Where has time gone? Thanks for all the great streams. You're welcome. Uh, is it Ber? Thank you so much for being a member for 22 months. That is amazing. We really appreciate it. >> Hi T-ird. I found my Mickey. I haven't used him for a while. He still had his Christmas outfit on. >> I love it. >> All the available. >> Thank you for touring with it. >> Okay. >> Well, we're getting there. Good morning. How are you? Donna from North Carolina. Hello. How's everybody's weather in in your neck of the woods? Like uh Al Roker says, let us know. We're supposed to be around 80 today, I think. Possible chance of rain in the afternoon. Yeah, they went down the chances, which is good. But >> mornings are usually safer. Not always, but usually for Florida. So, you may want to take your pictures when your truck is moving slowly or stopped. >> Got some cranes out here. A social experience. Ah, for the sake of science. Thank you, old Mr. Young dude. That is very sweet. Really appreciate it. >> Thank you. Thank you. 44° in Kentucky, 32, but up to mid60s. Okay. In North Carolina. Awesome. >> Mid60s is awesome. >> 3 hour bushw walk. 64 now with a high of 86 in northeast Texas. Oh my, you're going to be warmer than us today. That's awesome. >> Tim doesn't like his neck of the woods. >> Yeah, last time just a few days ago they were going to get snow or something. >> Uh really cold. Yeah, >> they had snow Monday. >> Oh wow. >> Yeah. >> Currently 36 in New Jersey. My old neighborhood in Hawaii got pretty badly flooded this past week. Oh no, warming up in Connecticut for the next few days. Good. I did see Hawaii was under a bunch of flood warnings and things. Hope everybody's safe. Sunny, cold wind of the ocean, 40°. Rock says hello. Uh, good morning. Going ninja while at work. No worries. Glad you're going ninja. Watching in the background. >> 60 in Colorado Springs. high of 82. >> That's nice. >> That's true. Knowing the bird will remain alerted all night long for approaching dangers. Since you see less, you won't need to rely more. >> See if we can see a better shot of those cranes. I think there's two out there. >> So, if you're just joining us, we are waiting in line for the safari. It was posted 35, so we'll see how long it >> takes. Roblo says it should never be allowed to start in the 30s and then be in the 70s. That's too many clothes crisises. It is true. It >> really is. >> You need all the layers and then >> just short sleeves. >> I agree. Oh, good. Man J, I'm so glad. Hi, Glenn. >> 36 in Pennsylvania. I'm going to be a bombie 53. Good morning, Cody Bear. >> Doing well this morning. Thanks for asking. I could not sleep last night, though. I don't know if it was because I was editing so late. And I did have a coffee a little later than I normally do, so that could have been it. But it was around midnight. I finally fell asleep. >> Yeah, >> he flew right over the crane. before you reach our stroller parking area. If you are traveling with someone in a school day, >> this will help keep your weight time to a minimum. Once again, please keep your >> J dog, if you're in the chat, can you give us some crane facts? I'm sure you're probably busy this morning, so no worries. >> Exactly. When it comes to safaris, we go wild. >> I'm pretty sure she did one day when I was with her here. And I can't remember if she said they they mate for life. >> Maybe. I'm not sure. And I maybe that's why there's two. I'm not sure. I could be all wrong, but for some reason that's sticking in my head. Yeah, Manoa J. It is for sure. Coffee and screen time. Yeah. And I was on the computer all last night. >> Yeah. >> Yep. William says, "Good morning from NYC. Our weather is well variable. It changes during the course of the day." Good morning, Paul. Hi, Rebecca. How are you? I have not seen the Hannah Montana special yet, but I'm looking forward to it. I actually like that show. I thought it was really cute. >> Never too late for coffee. Yeah, unless it makes you not sleep. >> Mhm. >> And I got a giant one and I normally don't. >> Yeah, it was kind of late. >> Yeah, big coffees, but >> Dr. Mr. Young says it's the caffeine that kept me awake. I overdid it yesterday, too. Oh, that's too bad. Hi, Courtney. >> Uh Corbin says they are monogamous for life. Okay. I thought I had read that some or heard it from Jay Dog. >> Yeah, penguins are too. It's really cute. Yeah. >> Mhm. Super cute. >> Yeah, ducks are that way. >> That's true. Ducks are that way. Yeah. >> Miley Cyrus looks great now. I hope she keeps up this new uh skin regimen. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah, I didn't I haven't seen it yet, so I don't know Manoa J, but she's um always loved her in Hannah, Montana. Good morning. Uh Paul Rust. I live about 15 minutes from the International Crane Foundation, a critical organization for crane conservation. I've volunteered with crane chicks at one point in my life. A I love that. It's awesome. Kelly flying from the UK and land on the 14th of August. Oh, that's exciting. >> Oh yes, the link for the resort TV one um our sponsor mickeyras.com. It's in the link, but um yeah, if one of the moppers wants to post it, go check out mickeytras.com. If you guys are wanting to book a trip right here to Walt to SeaWorld, it won't cost you any more if you were to book it yourself, but Mickey Travels agents will plan it for free for you with their expert advice. You'll get those hard to get dining reservations and all the things that you need um at mickeytras.com. Disney World, Disneyland, a Disney cruise. So go check out mickeyras.com. Also go to mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. Hey Hersel and Margie, how are you? Marshall. Now I have Hannah Montana in my head. The best of both worlds. That's funny. >> Yes, they are always in the description of the video. >> And welcome to the links for the all the sponsors. >> In order to keep your weight to a minimum, we ask that you keep up with the party in front of you. >> Yeah, Rebecca, there's a lot of cute new magic bands. >> They're always bringing new ones out just like ears. I'm always >> Yep. Lot of cute ones. >> Unloaded before you reach our stroller parking area. >> Hi Tracy. Good morning. >> Please have this person lead your party through the line. >> That's right, Joe. It is a brand new day. A fresh start of opportunities and blessings. I love that. >> Here is the party in front of you. >> They can run 30 mph. Pretty good. >> They do have long legs. >> When it comes to safaris, we go wild. And Maro says, "Yes, Mickey travels and Mickey blog are the best of both worlds." >> Oh my goodness. >> That was great. >> That was a great one. >> Oh, that's funny, Monoa Jay. That's hilarious. I love that. Thanks, Tracy. Rebecca, that's a great question. We We'll see if the lions are active or not. Usually they sleep during the day, but >> seems like they sleep all the time. >> Yes. I feel like the only time I've ever like heard them roar is more in the evening. >> Me too. Yeah. Lately, you know. >> Yes. Like in the summer when it's light later. >> So, it's not been 30 minutes yet and we're getting there. Bop that like button if you haven't already. >> Subscribe if you're new. Do you think we'll be going on any Disney cruises this year? We're going on the Treasure in a few weeks. I would love to go on a Disney cruise. Um, not sure it's going to be in the books this year, but we'll see. But yay for the Treasure. The Treasure is gorgeous. I still think we need to save our monies and maybe wait and do a girls cruise. >> Disney cruise, >> right? I think we should. >> And Tim, you can call him if you want. >> And Tim, plus Tim. >> Uh Tim says, "Mickey blog had an interesting write up on epic APS." >> I was just telling Sharon about that that I was um >> on Epic. >> Yeah. Um, so they want to they want to do something with APS for Epic, but they did a survey and there was like three different options for the APs that they had APS vote on. They were really weird options. So, I don't know. There's not just like a Yeah, one was like you could get you could buy the AP, but it would be double the cost of the pass the APs now. So, whatever you paid for your AP, double that if you want epic. Um, the other, let's see, the other one was, what is it? The other one was you could buy multiple ticket like packages and it was cheaper than their sorry >> than their one day pass. >> Yeah. Is right now. >> Maybe three or four days. less than the price. >> And then I think the third option was um you could buy an AP and it wouldn't be double the cost. You know, it' be more but not double, but you had to sign up and buy it for 3 years under a three-year contract. So again, these were just options that they were wanting people to vote on. >> The advantage of the three-year is you locked in that price. >> Yes. So, you know, you've like you've hedged your Universal tickets. >> Yeah, true. Uh Tim says what he read on Mickey blog is they want to do a lock in two, three, or five year pass. Okay. >> I mean, if you're local, it's I'll do it. I mean, I'm going to probably buy it anyhow. So, yeah, lock me in at that price. I'll be fine with that. The problem is is let's say you only do the two-year lock in and say third year they up it like >> really high. >> So you almost want to do the 5 year just to lock it in for 5 years and watch to see how the prices change. >> Mhm. Especially if you know you're not going to be leaving, you know, if you're a local and you're going to be here >> or if you know you're coming a lot, maybe it's worth it. >> Yeah. I wonder if these would res. >> That's also true. Different pricing >> because they do their regular >> They do. Yeah, Disney does, too. Good question. >> And welcome to Kevin in order to keep >> That's awesome, William. I've never been on a Norwegian cruise. >> Keep up with the party in front of you and fill in all the available space. It is not necessary to form a single mile line. If you are traveling with a stroller, please have children and bags not closed before you reach our stroller parking area. If you are traveling with someone else through a wheelchair, please ask this person. This will help your group together. Hi Mike. >> Hey Karine or Karen. >> I think it's Karen. I'm sorry. Hey Romeo. Mike from Michigan. It was nice to meet you last week. We had the red fox lab service dog. Oh, it was so nice meeting you too, Mike. So nice meeting you and your family. Thanks for uh being so kind. We appreciate it. Hello, John. I'm glad you bounced into the party. >> Don't need those right now. Later. >> Good morning, Chris. >> So, it's almost been 30 minutes. >> 30, right? >> Yeah. 35. >> Me, too, Benjamin. travel language allowing them to meet the group through the gate at the end of the round. As you approach the load, please note that it is divided into the area. My tip, I have the price increase week marked on the calendar and renew my pass the month prior in a preceding year's rate. This works out because my pass expires the month of price increase. Mine does too. You mean for Disney? I think they usually hike the price in November. Is that right? Cuz that's when I up my ticket. So, good call. I should probably up it before it needs up this year. >> Hi, Darl. Victoria. >> Oh, no. That's not Oh, it's 40. Okay. Okay. Not bad. shortly for safety now seated. >> Okay, let's do it. >> Yeah. >> We're almost there, guys. We just have to go down this path to the left. >> Securely loading areas right here. >> Don't forget to turn off the flash on your camera or phone. Once again, have a wonderful safari and as we say here in Haruni, welcome aboard. >> I realized today that I don't have very many shirts. So, I was like, "Yeah, Mickey, Minnie, it works." the least amount of shirts. >> I have more ears than any shirt. You do? That's funny. >> Yeah. >> I love coming here, fall not as fun, but I do come. It's just not as fun. loading area. Please locate the nearest trash and disc. The animals are also not as actively caught. Please sign up. Allow them to lead the group through the gate at the end of the immediately. As you approach the loading platform, please note that it is divided into 10 distinct zones. Good morning, Miss Disney fan. How are you today? Welcome in. >> Yes, welcome in to our ninja watchers and our replay watchers. Thanks for being here and thanks for watching the replay. Sorry, I think the air is getting my >> Yeah, my nose was >> Yeah. And then I kept draining like the nose. >> And I'm still doing that apparently. >> It's also dry so that doesn't help. >> Securely store any personal items as if you are >> people go to the left. Go to the left. Oh, it's closed. Oh, weird. Oh. Oh, now I see. >> Weird. That's interesting. That is very weird. Not going to lie. Huh. All >> righty. Why would they not utilize that ramp? >> They've got a rope. It's very interesting. >> Okay, I guess so. >> Yeah, this is the way. Well, >> it's been what you said. >> 9:03, right? >> Show >> 34 minutes. Okay. >> 35. >> Yeah, >> that was right on the last. >> Thank you. >> Hi. There's three. Can we wait for the back row? Is that all right? >> Yeah. They're just going to hang right here behind me. >> Thank you so much. Oh, okay. Thank you. >> Perfect. That worked out good. >> Oh, yeah. >> I know, Robert. I've never seen that ramp close before either. So, yeah. Testing, I guess. Yeah. Seeing if it works better, >> the end of the first week of October. Ooh, thank you. Okay, so maybe I should renew in September. Is that what you're saying? >> Oh, wow. John um I get dizzy on cruises too. I my suggestion would just be take uh seasick medicine or whatever they call it. Um you know like bonine that's what I take or dramine what your hands are going to stay here. >> Jumbo everyone. Okay, thank you. Tropic uh Tropic Adventure. I'm going to write that down so I remember to do that. >> Enjoy the safari. I will be brewing my coffee. Ooh, sounds good. I use suits. Oh, there you go. Yeah, whatever works >> for you guys. A birthday to you. Cha cha cha. >> Now you're going to sit over on the edge. Ready? >> What's up? will go slide all the way to the left and get nice and comfort if they're really really small. Very open windows, but once we get on going, there will be no reserve. >> Good to know, guys. Yeah. Um I'll have to see about getting one of the patches. I've never tried those. on your right hand side. That means thank you and Sunday. Sunday means let's go everyone. My name is I will be your safari guide for today. I'll ask everyone to please keep your hands on our feet and legs inside the vehicle at all times and please remain seated for me. Now, I know sometimes you want to see the animals on the opposite side of the truck or who are very, very hard to see, but please remain in your seats at all times. Thank you. If you look up, that is your animal spot guide to help me out there on the reserve. Speaking of returns, let's head on in. We are headed into the little intery forest. In the little intery forest, there are many animals just blend into the wilderness around them. So, be on the lookout for those trees, those bushes, or even the hills. Speaking of hills, as we turn, you may see a bongo on the left across that pond. Bongos have beautiful horns that pull to the back of their heads. They use those horns to move quietly throughout the forest, earning them the nickname the ghost of the forest. And on the right, you can see a okopy. Now, the okopy may look like a relative to a zebra due to their party pants, but they are actually the only known relative of a giraffe. They're very shy and reclusive animals, so they tend to hide behind trees and bushes. They're actually so incredibly shy. Westerners didn't discover them until 1901. Before that, they just believed they were a folktail, though they are very, very real. As you just saw, was on that hill up there. Now, let's see who we can find out here hanging around. >> Make sure to keep a nice watch out for those trees and bushes, everyone. Oh, looks like up ahead, we're about to see a black rhino. We're gonna see him on the left in just a moment walking around. >> And there he is on the left. >> Black rhinos are one of the five rhino species left in the world. In 2015, there was only 5,000 of them left, but thanks to conservation efforts, we have more than doubled that number. Yay. Black rhinos weigh around 3,000 lbs. They are also very territorial animals, so they like to be in their own little personal Disney bubble. Well, let's keep on going as I think I see some very large birds up ahead. >> And indeed they are. On the left, as I turn, you can see two saddle build stors. Saddle build stors can be up to 5 feet tall. They also have a 9 foot wide wingspan that's just about as wide as the canopy above our heads. Satils wait for life, so those two are lovers. You can easily tell the difference between male and female Santas by the colors of their eyes. Males have dark chocolate brown eyes and females have bright yellow eyes. >> We are now heading up to the Syri are many animals who are semi aquatic. So they spend most of the time underneath the surface of the water. So, be on the lookout for bubbles or pink shadowy figures. >> And on the right, we're gonna see pink back pelicans. Pink back pellets get their name from the pink that appears on their backs. They're one of the largest flighted birds on the reserve. Make sure little ones stay fully seated, guys. They are a colonial bird, so they nest in trees and sometimes on cliff's edges. They're known to come back to the same nest every single year. They have large garlic patches which they use to scoop up fish for dinner. Very yum, yum, yum. And on the left you can see Nile hippos. >> Nile hippos are a nocturnal animal. So they spend most of the time underneath the surface of the water sleeping. >> They live in families called a bloat. And in those boats there can be about 10 to 15 hippos. Sometimes there can be as many as a 100 hippos in a boat. Nile hippos weigh as much as a small car, so they actually do not swim. They sink underneath the surface of the water and walk along the floor bed. They can travel up to 35 mph underneath the surface of the water at full speed. So, they are very, very fast for something so big. They also eat about 100 pounds of food a day, traveling up to six miles every night to get that food. So, they're very, very hungry hippos. They also communicate through a sound called a wee honk. It sounds exactly like it said. It's a wee and a honk at the same time. And if you look very far to the left, you can see a mile mile crocodile. >> Nile crocodiles can be up to 16 ft long. They're about as long as a giraffe can be tall. >> They eat about half their body weight once a week. They weigh between 500 to 300 lb. So, we eat our every week. >> Are the largest living reptiles in Africa. >> And now we are heading up up up heading over to the west savannah on our journey over to the west savannah. We're going to see many many things. Those things are trees. You can see trees to the left. You can see trees to the right. But we're about to head on over to see my favorite tree. It is a tree that's just so ginormous. Once you see it, you're just gonna say, "Wow." And here it is. >> Thank you. That tree is called a baobob tree. Baobob trees have two nicknames, the tree of life and the upside down tree. They are called the tree of life due to all the water that they hold inside their trunks. Animals with horns and tusks can come on by and poke holes in that tree and have a nice refreshing sip of tree water. We are now heading down down down into the west savannah. In the west savannah, there are many animals who use their speed agility at greater numbers to help protect themselves from predators. can't see. >> In the west savannah, there's both a wet and a dry season. So, animals tend to migrate around following the food in the water. So, they are constantly on the go go go. So, we're going to be on the go go go to catch up with them. So, you may see some animals in the distance. We're going to head around them a bit closer up. There are indeed giraffes way out that we're trying to head on over to their own little >> white line. Make sure they keep a nice wide eye out. Oh, now they are kind of hard to see as they're sleeping underneath this tree. But if you look to the left to that tree full of green leaves, you can see painted dogs laying underneath them. >> Painted dogs get their name from the painted spotes that appear on their backs. They're actually actually Africa's most successful predator due to their endurance and collaboration. And on the right, you can see that Messiah draft. Messiah drafts are the tallest land mammals. They can be up to 16 and 20 ft tall. They're actually the tallest of the tall as Messiah drafts are the tallest draft species. And on the left, we're going to be seeing sable antelope and harvin cotton zebra. Sable antelopes are the ones further back by those bushes. They get their name from their sable coat colors. Male sables have a darker coat than their female counterparts. And on the left are these Hartman Mountain zebras. Hartman's mountain zebras have a beautiful set of stripes that are not too alike just like our human fingerprints. Baby zebras when they are born imprint on their mothers and memorize their mother's set of stripes so they can always find their mother within the herd. A herd of zebra are called a dazzle. Little hard mountain zebras have small compacted hibs that help them well climb mountains. They also have hearts three times as big as any other zebra species and it helps with well living on the mountains with its altitude. And you can see another Messiah giraffe on the right. Massage spend about 20 hours a day eating. They only sleep about 30 minutes a day and five minute power snaps. So they eat quite a lot but don't sleep quite a lot. And to the left you see that baby massage giraff >> baby massage drafts are born at 6 feet tall. I think I went to a nice 16 to 24 20 tall giraffe like the other ones around him. This side drops take about two full years to fully grow into their highest height. And he is halfway there at one years old. So he's around 10 to 11 ft now. >> That's a big baby. >> Oh, we're going to keep heading around. >> A group of drafts is called a tower as they tower over everyone and around them. The side drafts have long prehensile tongues. They use those tongs to reach up and grab the leaves from the tallest of trees. Those tongues are about 18 in long and they share those tongs with the okapi we saw back in the little forest. It's one of the many many reasons we know they're related. Another reason are little shorts you see are both male and female draft heads, but only male oppos have those horns. Now, let's see who else we can find around here. >> It's like a free range zoo. Check them out. >> We're still searching. They could have migrated a bit further. Well, they're kind of hard to see, but if you look to the right, kind of near that green pickup truck, you can to see to spring box. Spring box are the smallest antelope on the reserve. Though they are pretty fast and agile as they can run up to 55 miles per hour at full speed. They're also incredibly agile as they can jump up to six feet up and 9 ft out. Oh wow. And looks like we're making our way into elephant country. You can talk to all these broken trees and branches every falling every which way. Elephants tend to knock them down whether they mean to or not as they migrate around. And speaking of African elephant, you can see one to the right hand side. African elephants. Oh, there's two of them actually. African elephants have thousands of muscles inside their trunks. They use their muscles to pick up food, bring it to the mouth, have nice long sips of water, and well, breathe. So, they're pretty all over the fish trunks. African elephants actually have a pretty great smell, sense of smell with their trunks as they can smell water miles away. They can also smell it underground as when they're having a hard time finding a nice source of water, they start digging for it and they make their own. Oh, looks like there's a road close sign on here. Interesting. Looks like I'm going to just have to take the scenic route, everyone. That's okay. We can see my favorite thing once again. All of these trees. You can Oh dear. >> Looks like up ahead is a creaky bridge. Oh, looks like we're going to have to go over it. Going to go fully bully, which means very very slowly. And we made it. Yay. I knew we could do it. And since we did, we could keep traveling up above as up ahead is red clay. Elephants like to rub their tusk of red clay as well as eat it as it's high in minerals and very, very good for them. So, you might see some test marks and maybe we'll find some more African elephants hanging about. Oh, it looks like we came to the left. African elephants are a major arco herd. That means the female is in charge of the herd. >> Male African elephants are sent out on their lonesome once they come of age. They can either join a basher or just be on their own. It's really up to them. Male African elephants can weigh up to 13,000 lbs and females up to 8,000 lb. So, they are very, very big. African elephants also communicate through a sound so so low that us humans can't hear it. Though they do make a sound we can hear called trumpeting. Though they don't make it fairly often usually when they're mascared or very very excited. And if you look all the way to the left you can see that baby African elephant. Baby African elephants are born around 200 to 300 lb. That's pretty big. And the African elephants actually have the longest pregnancy period at 22 months. That is quite a long time. But that is because they are so big when they are born and they are the largest land mammal. And it takes about 15 years for a baby African elephant to fully grow into an adult. >> African elephants also have a built-in water bottle located behind their tongue. They hold about a gallon of water inside. And that is very handy for those long dry seasons or even those droughts. And on the left you can see greater flamingo. Greater flamingo are the tallest and palest of the flamingo species in Africa. They get that pretty pretty pink color from the shrimp they eat that contains meat and keratene. They also live in box caught flamboyance. And in those flamboyants there can be tens of thousands of flamingos. If you actually look at a flamingo's legs as they walk, you may notice their knees go backwards. That's because that is not their knees. Those are their ankles. Their knees are way up above, hidden underneath their feathers. So, they have very, very long legs. And looks like we are now exiting the west savannah and heading on over to the east savannah. And the east savannah is vastly different from the west's grasslands as there's many trees, bushes, and foliage all around us. That is because it is predator territory. So, the animals kind of like to hide. But that's okay. That makes my job a wee bit harder. But I got you guys up there to help me out. So, if you guys see any animals I don't, just let me know and I'll tell you all about those animals. On the left, you can see a mud wallow. Animals with sensitive skin, like rhinos and elephants, like to get in mud wallows. They get all nice and muddied up. And once it dries, it becomes their own form of sunscreen. All natural, of course. >> They actually use it very differently as rhinos like to fully roll around in that mud and elephants like to pick it up with their trunks and toss it on their backs. And if you look way far down back there, you can see that cheetah prowling about. >> Cheetahs are the fastest land mammals. They can run up to 60 m hour in up to 3 seconds. >> Cheetahs are actually not considered large cats as they do not roar. They communicate through a series of chirps and birds that can sound very cute. >> They can also meow. They hunt during the daytime. Those black lines on their faces help them with sun glare. It's basically like their own personal pair of sunglasses. >> Cheetahs live in groups called coalitions. In those coalitions, there's usually male cheetahs who are in those groups. Female cheetahs like to be on their own as they both hunt and survive. >> Da rocks. Predators like to hang out on the co rocks and have a nice high vantage point to see everything around them. It helps with both protecting their territory and hunting for prey. >> And out there you can see that lioness. >> Oh yeah. Wow. >> Groups call them parides. And those prides there could be one male and multiple females and cubs. >> Lions rest for up to 16 to 20 hours. They actually are nighttime. They have six times the night vision of us humans. Female lions are the ones that go out and hunt during the night time. Males stay back and protect their territory. Male lions, you can actually see one to the left, have those beautiful mans. They use those appear larger to both prey and predator as they protect their territory. >> You can actually tell the age of a male lion through their man. The larger the mane, the older the lion, the smaller the man, the younger the lion. So you can see that male lion is about a teenager in cat ears. >> Not too big, but not too small. >> Lions are actually the only big cats who roar together. They use that roar to express their territory. That roar can be heard up to 5 miles away at full volume. So it is very, very loud. And if you can hear that roar, you're in their territory. Let's see who else we can find. Oh, >> on the left we're going to be seeing warthogs. >> Oh yeah, >> Warthogs are one of the largest burring species in Africa. They have two sets of tests that help them make those burrows of theirs. >> And also up ahead, we're going to be seeing white rhinos. Looks like they decided to hide behind this bush, but you can kind of see those walking over there. White rhinos are the largest and most social out of the rhino species in Africa. They can weigh up to 5,000 to 6,000 lbs. They are very non-territorial animals, so they always have a friend or two around them and they live in groups called a crash. They are actually not the color white whatsoever. They their name comes from the word quite which means wide in swuahili but someone thought it sounded like the word white so we now call them white rhinos. And on the right if you look down within the grass you can see ostrich eggs. Ostriches whooping the largest bird. They're the largest of eggs. Those eggs are about 3 lb each. That's as much as two dozen chicken eggs. Those eggs are actually so incredibly strong that a human being could sit or stand on those eggs and they would not break. And up ahead is the warden's post. The warden is now taking care of some of the dark codes that we're going to be seeing on the left hand side in just a moment. >> Though they may be small, they are fully grown. They have a very playful nature that helps physically on the roof. They are natural grazers. So they eat quite a bit more than natural grazers usually do. So show that they have a fourchamber stomach that help them digest everything they eat. They have a behavior that is heading. It is basically like a form of communication for them like a fist bump for their heads as they do not have fists. They have hooves. At the warden's post, you may have seen that yellow rectangular triangular looking box. The box is a part of the elephants and bees project. Here in Africa, farmers were having quite a bit of trouble with elephants eating and trampling on their crops. At first, they resorted to things like poaching and trapping the elephants to keep that crop safe. Though, they realized that wasn't a very good idea. So, they turned to Disney. And with the help of Disney's researchers, we learned elephants are scared of bees. So they put those yellow boxes alongside the fences of the crops and filled them with beehives. And the elephants never bothered their crops again. And those bees entered help pollinate the crops. So it was really a winwin for everyone. If you like to learn more about the elephants and bees, go to elephants and beesro.com. And it looks like we are now exiting the reserve. If you are a wilderness explorer, we are the Simba One. So, make sure you get that badge telling that nice code word Simba one. We're going to go a little bit more. And it is now time to say farewell, everyone. Oh, that's far too sad and far too final for us here at the Harambe Wildlife Reserve. So, we actually like to say is Kuwahini, which means go well. So, Kaharini, everyone, go well, go wild and have a great rest of your day at the Animal Kingdom. >> Please watch your hands, arms, feet, and legs. The doors are opening on your right hand side and watch your step everyone. My name was >> your spark. I think I'm okay. Thank you. >> Yes. Thank you. >> Well, just a tall like a Yeah. Light latte. Yeah. With one part vanilla. Just one. Thank you. >> Thank you. >> It's hard to turn coffee down. Oh, sorry guys. Okay, hopefully we're good. >> All righty. She was amazing. >> Yeah, she was so good. Somebody in the chat said that she reminded um them of me, like her personality. I was like, "Oh, that's so cute." Thanks. Uh, let's go see if the gorillas are out over here. Thank you. >> And then I'm going to need restroom. I don't know about you, but me, too. >> Okay, good. We can do a swap. Sometimes they have gorillas over here, but sometimes they don't. I still love when the one gets down and hangs out right here. >> Oh, funny. >> I wonder how he gets down there. I guess he climbs. They're pretty big. I don't I don't see any. All right. Tim heard Starbucks. You know it, Tim. You know it. Well, make sure you bop that like button. Hit the subscribe button if you haven't already. Good way to start the morning is at the safari. And I think we pretty much saw all >> all the animals, didn't we? >> Thank you. >> Yeah, we saw pretty >> Yeah, even I I don't think I've ever seen one of the lions up that high. >> Yeah, >> that was pretty cool. She was keeping an eye on everything while the other two napped. So, that was fun. >> But, uh, even the warhogs were active. That was pretty cool. pretty much saw >> animals in every habitat. >> Yeah. >> Okay, we'll come back cuz I really need the restroom before we do the gorilla trail. >> Okay, so we'll go do restroom break and then you know what? Instead of doing that first, let's do restroom and um maybe just kind of walk through Pandora while we wait on Andy. >> Um that way we don't get too far away and then um then we can come back >> come back. Either do this or the tiger trail. I like they're both fun. Oh, and 10:45 is the bird show. I haven't done that in a while. >> Yeah, >> let's do that. >> Yeah, >> that might be fun. >> Not might. It'll be fun. >> It'll be fun. >> The bird show is >> It is really good. Yeah. And yeah, they do a great job of, you know, talking about conservation and the animals and the birds and it's fun. >> I'm sorry. I'm in the middle of the walkway. >> What animal trail did y'all do? Okies doies. Um, all right. Did you want to go first? And I'll take them in the shop and I'll just be in the shop somewhere. >> Yeah, the one around to the right. I think it's the closest. Yeah. >> Yep. >> Hello. Seriously, Jesse, she says hi, >> Jenna and Sharon. Good morning. Hi, Debbie. We want some of these guys. >> It was a good safaris. All right, we're going to go see what treats and and merch they have. >> Meet you in here. >> Okay, sounds good. >> Jenna, the bird show is so fantastic. We had a great time. We got to see the bird show with you. That's right, John. I remember that. Yeah, it is a good show. It is. It is. All right, let's see. Um, let's go. Oh, that's okay. Let's go see um what yummies they have. >> Do have the Easter cupcakes. A zebra and a Simba cupcake. Ooh, lemon with blueberry filling. M. That's different. Okay. I do want to try this caramel strawberry butter bar. That sounds really yummy. Hi. >> Uh, they have a ton of the Polynesian trash cans if anybody needs one. Like a ton. >> I need to find me a new Animal Kingdom shirt. This is on my to-do list. A lot of the things are pretty similar. Oh, I'm not sure I've seen the handcarved gorilla. $24.99. I love the mircat one. And I have one of these dress. Got it a long time ago. >> Can I take a picture? >> Oh, yeah. For sure. >> We did this two years ago. >> Oh, awesome. >> Remind me your name. >> What's that? Remind me your name. >> Ray. >> Ray. Okay. Awesome. Good to see you. >> Yeah. >> That happened again. >> Yeah. >> And it was Oh, it was actually in here. >> Oh, no way. Oh, that is too funny. >> Thank you. >> Of course. Good to see you. You, too. >> Right. Let's see what we can find. I still love this hippo. So cute. Even if the plant didn't make it, the planter's adorable. All right, what else? What else do we see today? I love these guys. A little tree of life succulents. Super fun. Cannot go wrong. Oh, I I was going to buy that tank top. Now I remember this one. Yep. Okay, that's a that's a buy. Immediately I forgot that was what I was going to buy. $34.99. All righty. >> I like that one, too, though. >> Very cool. >> But yeah, I think the tank top I would wear more. All right, I'll try to remember before I leave. Buy the buy the shirt. by the shirt. We got a lot of Lion King things. This one's cute, too, but I think I like the other one. What's a model with? Think I like the other one better. It's also $34.99. Oh, this one's fun. Look at that. >> Yeah, maybe this way. We're going to go on a safari. >> You want to go on a roll? It's It's a monkey. This one's like punch the monkey. A little bigger, but still smaller. Uh, hate it when that happens and I'm forced to buy something. I know, right? Darn it. Just going to have to do it. Hello. >> Thank you. >> Yes. >> I was like looking around for an Animal Kingdom shirt, you know, cuz >> Oh, yes. I need one. Did you find one? >> I found a cute tank top and I said, "Well, darn. Now I'm just going to have to buy it. >> Uh-huh. Yeah, because you need more. >> Jesse said, "Darn it. I hate when I have to buy." >> Yes. When you have to buy it. >> All right. Thank you. >> Yes. >> All right. Good morning, everyone. >> Welcome back, Edwin. Oh, Britney, you have >> Oh, you have the uh Is it like plushies from the Rainforest Cafe? That's fun. >> Okay, that's really cute. A zebra. Good morning, Ticker Tail John. Hi, Miss Disney fan. Good morning, Cat. >> Oh, good. I'm glad you like the Zootopia show. I like it, too. Now we just need to convince more of our friends that it's a really good show. >> I've also heard really good things about the Zootopia 2 movie. I haven't seen it yet, but I need to take the time to watch it because I've heard really that it's really enjoyable. And the same with that new movie Hoppers. Definitely need to go see that. Yes, the zebra baby is so cute. You can get your own safari vest. This would come in really handy. You wouldn't even really need to bring a backpack. It has so many zippers. You can just put all your stuff in it. Yes, Cat. It You can get wet in that show in a It's fun. It kind of surprised me how much water they squirted out of the out into the audience, though. I like it. Amara. Yes, Hoppers is the first one. Mppoers will be the sequel. >> And then maybe if they do a Shoppers, that might be like a prequel. They're going back before the hoppers and moppers. >> Yay. Thank you. Oh, yes. Awesome. All right. Well, I guess let's go out this door. >> Sounds good. >> Why not? All right. I didn't see the New Year's in here, so I'll have to We'll go back and I'll show you. >> Okay. Out front. >> Yeah. As I was walking in, they were on one of the side stands. >> I was like, "Oh, >> yeah. Well, it was at one of the big stores, but just a >> Oh, okay. >> stand at one of those. Super cool. >> Hi, Reena. >> Thanks again everybody for being here. Mop the like button and subscribe if you're new. Fun. All right. >> This way. Here we go. Should we go down just to make sure he's not out already? >> Let's do that. It's just right here. >> Yeah. And then we can >> go Pandora that way. >> Yeah, exactly. >> So Bob and totally subscribed. Thank you, Manoa J. >> Six days till I'm in lovely Epcot for the first time. Oh my goodness, that's awesome. Enjoy. Epcot is one of my favorite parks. Magic's my favorite, but Epcot Epcot's my like chill explore park, and Magic is like my magical park. Oh, look. Perfect. He's right there. This worked out. >> That worked out so good. Ah, thank you. Um, yeah. Here, maybe right here. >> This little tall table. Um, seriously, Jesse just texted me and said, "Do your ears have safari Mickeyy's on them?" >> Yes. Yes, they do. We just got these. They're amazing. Thank you, Andy. >> Thank you very much. I do, actually. Here, let me put it right here. >> Awesome. Thank you, Andy. >> Sure. >> Perfect. >> Coffee. I love coffee. >> Hello, everybody. We have coffee. Jesse says, "Hi, Dad." >> Jesse's in the chat. >> Yes. >> Hi, Jesse. >> Let's see. >> Seriously? >> Yes. Seriously, Jesse? >> Yeah. I don't think Jesse Mouse would call you dad. You never know. You never know. I mean, everybody calls my dad Resort TV one dad, so he's just everybody's dad. >> Yeah, exactly. >> Tammy, happy Wednesday. Thanks for being here. >> All right. >> All right. >> Yes. Thank you. Thank you. >> It was quick and easy. >> No line. >> Jesse says, "For reference, my dad. I know it's not Resort to be one dad." Yes. >> Hello, Miss Jamie. >> Hi. How are you? I'm doing well, thank you. Enjoy your day. >> Thank you. All right. Do you want to walk? >> Let's go this way to Pandora. >> Pandora sounds good. >> Yum. Yum. Yum. Time for the merch. >> Thank you. Actually, I'd forgotten. >> There's a line for the territory. So, they have >> Oh my goodness. Usually the line goes over the bridge. >> Yeah. And they haven't even opened. What? I wonder when they open. >> 10:30, I think. Oh, >> okay. They also have ice cream cones. >> On that though, >> they have ice cream cones and they have a carrot cake sundae >> and that ice cream bar. >> Yeah. And the Yeah, the cookie. >> Oh, look. They they have um some enrichment going on in here. >> Oh, cool. Fun. Man, it is busier today here >> than Universal was yesterday. Yes, it's much busier here than it was at Universal. >> Universal was not busy yesterday. Oh, >> there they go. >> See, I'm going to try to zoom in for you guys. Oh, there we go. >> I think he put some food over here. Oh, >> on the top of the >> A All right. I love that they um the monkeys, you know, use your their hands obviously like we do. He just reached his little hand in that little jar and helped himself. >> It is really interesting. >> It is cutest thing. >> Okie dokie. Let's go check out what Pandora is up to today. Yeah, you did get it really fast. >> Yeah, very fast. >> When does HHN start? It starts August 28th, I believe. >> But they already announced the first house and the icons. I was just >> And I was just >> And they already released >> the first merch. >> So excited. >> Hey, Mr. Cruise Fever. >> Oh, hey Ken. How are you? Welcome in. It says, "Yo, >> I'm gonna switch hands." >> It feels weird holding that with my left hand. There we go. Better. Good morning, Alyssa. I have been ninja watching, doing my Cinderella chores. Oo, I do that sometimes. I'll put a stream on on Saturday and start cleaning. >> We do that, too. >> Yeah. Britney says we'll miss it by a couple weeks. Oh, that's too bad, Britney. >> You should see um uh Halloween at Disney at least cuz Halloween starts at Disney like the second week of August. I feel like 15th, something like that. >> Early. >> Very early. >> I was I was unbalanced. I got to hold it with my right arm. This is where the most amazing churros are ever. >> Yep. >> Nomad Lounge. >> They have some good drinks, too. >> Mhm. >> There's one called the Jen's Tattoo. Maybe that's a sign I need a tattoo. >> Yes. Yes. >> The Jen's tattoo. It's good. I've had it. >> Oh, you leave the fifthish. Gotcha, Britney. Then you'll probably miss it. Sorry. It took me longer to get dressed in under. >> Good morning from San Francisco. Hello. Good morning. You too, Britney. Got your official invitation to bop the like button. We got 11:31 watching, 539 likes. I bet we could get some more bops on the like button. Hey, Mr. Chris Fever. Hi, but loved Walt. So, guys, we're going to do a rapid fire bop. All you have to do is find the thumbs up button. And to do that, you have to close out of the chat, find that thumbs up button, or if you're on a TV, then you have to get a mobile device or get on a computer highly. But please bop the like button. It lets YouTube know you're enjoying the stream. All right, you guys ready? Are you set? Hit the like button. And subscribe if you're new. And don't forget at 12:00 p.m. Eastern time, a new vlog is going up over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale, that's Dale and I's YouTube channel, we just hit 13,000 subscribers. Thank you so much everybody for subscribing to our channel. And uh it is our sixth day on our cruise on the largest cruise ship in the world. And our day didn't go as planned. So you definitely got to go watch the vlog to find out why. >> Yeah. >> So that'll be at noon Eastern time. It's not a premiere, but um you know, you can watch it anytime at noon or after. >> Oh, you can bop on the TV now. Oh, I didn't know that, Tim. Oh, how cool is that? That's handy, right? Handy dandy. >> Uh Disney usually puts out their Halloween uh tickets around April, I think, but I don't know when they announce the dates. I cannot unsee this being Groot. Now, I've shown you Groot, right? Holding the rock. >> It does look like >> I can't unsee it. >> Now, I won't be able to unsee it, >> right? Groot holding up a rock. >> Good job, Groot. >> That's funny. >> I'm glad you're holding that up for everybody. >> Man, arms must be really tired, too. >> I know. >> Yeah. Well, by this point, I think the vines have just attached. So, >> he's like, "Ah, I'm good, guys." So cool, though. >> Um, so Na'vi River is a 50minute wait. pretty long. Hi. >> Hi, friend. Hi. >> Hi, Lane. How are you? >> Oh, you're so welcome. >> Looks like some of the the trees didn't make the freeze in Pandora, too. >> Mhm. What a beautiful day to be at Animal Kingdom. >> Literally perfect. Let's go look at the pretty waterfall over here. >> Good morning, Erica. Be there in 3 weeks. Logged into the phone to give you a light. Thank you so much. So pretty. Hi Marilyn. My husband and I are planning to go to HHN in Florida in September. We've never been to Universal, so we are excited. We're going to do all the things and I'll be vlogging. Oh, how fun is that? Universal and HHN are So so fun. You will love it so much. The temp um probably about 70 I would I would guess. >> 70 something. >> 73. >> 73. Okay. >> Thanks, Jim. >> Yes, it is for the morning. But um we're going to take it cuz it's going to be hot soon, right? Yeah. The pollen is really bad. right now. Um, if you park your car outside, it's all yellow. My >> car is so dirty. >> And, um, our back patio is all yellow. >> Yeah. >> Thanks for subscribing, Carson. So, >> no. 55 minutes for a flight of passage. That is kind of crazy. Oh, we should start making our way to the bird show. I just remembered. >> Thank you. >> Um, should we go? Wait, should we go the back way actually? >> Yeah. Okay. >> Yeah. I get turned around. This is the one park I get still get like which way is the quickest? I'm not sure. >> Yeah, Jennifer, it is perfect weather. >> Love it. Love it. >> Whoever's vacationing this week has got a good week. Hey, Meredith. >> Last week was not so good >> for the uh spring breakers. I felt bad. >> Yeah, >> I was thinking Disney might have a lot of sweatshirts. >> Uhhuh. I'm sure they did. Hi, Julie Young. How are you? >> Hi, Julie. >> Lauren and I will be there three weeks from today. Oh, that's awesome. Julie. >> Julie Young. >> Yeah. >> Hi, Julie. >> Sharon and Andy say hi. Okay, so there is two ways into Pandora. You can go in the front entrance or the back. And the back will lead you out over into Harambe. >> Yeah, Lee, it is a neat show and I haven't seen it in a while, so it'll be fun. Hopefully, we can get a seat. Usually in the um the stands, they usually have seats still available. Let's see. As we're walking this way, let's chat about resortv1homes.com. If you guys are wanting to live here in the central Florida area to be closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resorttv1homes.com. Brokered by expy. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Again, resorthomes.com. >> Go check us out, guys. >> Hello, Skipper. Dad, >> I have a gurgling suitcase. H, he said I was there last week. Compared to Ohio, it was great. I bet that's true. >> You can't complain about even a cold day. >> It's true. Hi, Charlene. Even a rainy day is better. >> Exactly. >> Hey, Infinity Nemo, just subscribe. Thank you for subscribing. Stroller decides to be lazy, >> right? >> Even a kids movie a little more lightarted. >> Oh, I like that. >> The stroller decides where you go. >> Yes. Yes. I like that. >> I was picked to sit on stage while the bald eagle flew over my head years ago. Pure Disney magic. Wow. They don't let the bald eagle fly anymore. They just carry them out. >> Yeah, I don't even remember that being. >> Me neither. >> Good morning, Sandra. The bird show is near Asia. Yes, it's on your way from Africa to Asia. Correct. Birds of a feather feather flock together. >> Hello, Lucas from Argentina. Thank you so much for um being a member of the channel. We really appreciate it. I don't know. >> Being a hopper, I should say. >> Speaking of hopper, who's seen the movie? I heard it's a lot about conservation, which is what Animal Kingdom is all about. So, that's pretty cool. >> Need to see it. >> Yeah, I need to, too. I heard it can be a tearjerker. >> That's what I heard. >> Yeah, which a lot of Disney movies are, you know. So, >> like Yeah. So, I don't know. We'll see. I want to watch it, but I don't know if I'm ready for a tearjerker. We shall see. Last time I was at Animal Kingdom, I watched the bird show because I saw it on your vlog and look so fun. I love that, Meredith. Well, I hope you enjoyed it while you were were here. It is definitely better in person for sure. Hey, girly girl. Love a whimsical Wednesday at DAC. Yeah. I haven't been here for a while, so I thought why not? Whimsical Wednesday. >> Yeah, exactly. >> Oh, it's a tearjerker for sure. Manoa J said. Okay. >> Okay, good to know. >> We'll be close to 70° tomorrow and then it bops back down. Oh no. >> Sorry, Rita. >> Hey, Parker. >> Yeah, we had we were already on the safari first thing. It was a good safari. Now we're heading to the bird show. to your right. >> Thanks for the bops on the like everybody. >> Andy's going to split up and go the other. >> Okay, sounds good. >> We'll meet up with you later. >> Sounds good. Thanks again. See you. >> Do you want me to live? Uh, Edwin said, "Yes, it is. I saw it yesterday." Okay. >> Yeah, this was the right way to go. Good job. This little path right here will take us directly there. >> They let you bring your >> I think they do. I think I took mine in there before. >> Yeah. >> I was thinking since the birds are flying around, maybe they had some other rule. >> Yeah. I know. I'm pretty sure they let me take it. And Oh, there's the ears right here. >> Oh, two new pair. >> Oh my goodness. >> So, these are the Wilderness Explorer. Those are the ones I want. >> I love these. >> Um, these are cute, too. >> These are cute. >> I don't need them, but they're cute. >> Yeah, I like >> these. Maybe those those are going to be an add toart to check out later. Those are so cute. >> Even though Hi, how are you? >> My parents local. I see you at home right now. >> Do you want to say hi to him? >> Hi, Mom and Dad. >> Awesome. Where they Where are they at? Oh, Pennsylvania. >> Okay, cool. Hello in Pennsylvania. >> Hello. >> Awesome. Well, >> thank you. Enjoy your day. >> You too. >> Thank you. >> Hey, Stefan. >> Too fun. Sorry. That was >> big blue world. I don't know why I started singing that. Nemo. >> Actually, it's funny. Um, we Dale and I sang that song in our new vlog over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale coming out at noon. You'll have to watch the vlog and tell me if you >> in the one that's coming out today. Oh my goodness. Okay, this vlog. I need to watch this vlog. >> Too funny. >> The day didn't go as expected. Jenna and Dell sing >> Big Blue World, right? Got to watch it. >> Very intriguing, right? Like why why would we sing that you know I mean we are on a boat in the ocean I guess but >> or a ship I should say >> Rita like the ears >> do you lose your weight and you have to take the EAC to find your home. >> I mean you got to watch to find out. It's a cliffhanger. >> Even in the description usually I'll kind of type a little you know what we did. So like key words pick up. I just put our day didn't go as expected. Watch to find out. >> Manoa J says I need to find a pair of ears to go with my Olu dress. Oh my goodness. So I wonder if Tokyo Disney would have some Olu ears. Yeah, good question. All right, let's go find us a seat. >> Yes. Perfect timing. >> Mhm. >> As long as he still has some teeth. I feel like we should. Mhm. >> Especially in the in the bleachers. >> Hi. >> Hi there. >> Thank you. >> All right, Jenna. >> Hey, Dad. >> Let's go this way. Dad. >> Oh, yeah. Lots of seats. Yeah, Dad's here. He says, "Woohoo!" I found my mom. Let's see. Sorry. Um, let's go up and around. >> How's this? >> Perfect. They're like, "Is this you?" >> This makes working on taxes less stressful. Well, I'm so glad. >> I get that. We finally got ours done. >> Oh, taxes. Oh, yeah. We did, too. >> Last was Was it? No, two weekends ago. Finally. >> Not last weekend, but the weekend before. All right, guys. So, we're going to have a pretty good view right here. And we only have about seven more minutes until show starts. >> Oh, you want to see Sharon's ears? Well, here. Let me just selfie cuz we both have them on. >> See? Bam. >> They're cute, aren't they? These were an add to cart. >> Mhm. >> It was an add to cart. They're really cute. I love that they're still doing the build your own ears cuz >> yes, >> I just love them. I love all of them. >> I almost need a build your own ears now. Um, you know, separate container just for the the >> I actually did buy a separate container. >> It's small, but they so far they fit in there. So, >> yeah, >> I did. I did. Otherwise they I'm finding that like if it's in the bigger container like you know whatever they kind of go to the bottom and then you're sort of digging for >> I know you have most of your ears on it actually on those ear wraps >> too. I Yep. I sure do. >> So you do need sort of a separate container because >> cuz they don't they don't all fit on the racks. >> So I bought a container for that and then I have a container for um like my keychains now like the plushies and all the things. >> Same. I almost need a second container. A bigger container. >> A bigger one. There you go. Dad says, "Hi, Sharon." Woohoo. >> Hi. And >> you just missed Andy. >> Yeah, Andy's here, too. But he decided to go off, you know, and get some more steps in. >> Yeah. Get some more steps. He wasn't um Maybe he's scared of birds, too. I don't know. >> I don't know. Like Jesse might have rubbed off on it. You know, we never came to this show when she was growing up cuz she's not >> not a fan >> a fan of birds. >> I >> She appreciates what they do for the environment, but she doesn't like to get close to them. I I like I don't mind them until they Yes. Until they come at me. Like yesterday. >> Until they fly into you when you're sitting at it. >> Yep. That's when I get scared. >> Thanks, Brownie Brown. She says, "You look adorable." >> Pigeon. Penguin. >> Yeah, we kept calling him or I did. Penguin and then it rubbed off on Sharon. Uh Manoja J says, "There's a sleeping Ol headband from Disneyland. I love those safari Mickey ears." Disneyland like Tokyo Disneyland. The ears are not heavy at all. No, they're plushy. >> I know. They're so comfortable. >> Hi, Mom, if you're here, too. >> Yeah. >> Hi, Aunt Becky. >> The bands that you buy that go with these are very I mean, you really only need one band. I did. I bought more than one cuz it's just easier for like switching out, but they're squishy and lightweight. >> Mhm. I actually, you know, um I look a lot Tokyo merch and stuff, and that's where I got my Duffy and Shel May >> Oh, yeah. attached bands and I ordered a pink one. >> I love that. I was actually just thinking >> Yeah, they need other colors. >> Yeah, >> I would love it if they did maybe a white. >> Yeah, white and then pink. Um but anyway, I almost ordered the pink one cuz I think Shel May and Duffy look >> a little bit better on the pink one. But >> that's the one thing about >> what gets you is the shipping, you know, from Tokyo. It's like the cost of the band. Do you actually go to the Tokyo Disney like official site or you go to other like >> I I actually look on eBay, but there's several ones that that's all they do is sell Tokyo stuff. I wonder if I would go to the There's one called like USS Shopping or something like that. Um I wonder if theirs would be cheaper. I don't know. >> But lately I've just been looking on eBay. >> Yeah, >> the pricing is not too bad on the items. It's the shipping. >> Shipping. Yeah. >> That get you. >> That makes sense. Oh, it's in Disney Shanghai. Gotcha. >> Well, got to go there now then. >> Yep. And then we can just get on the uh the Disney adventure. >> I really want to do that, >> right? Same. >> It sounds >> like a really cool trip. >> Yep. >> Get on the ship and then go >> Shanghai. And while you're out there, >> I mean, it'll be another plane flight, but let's go to Tokyo. >> Okay. Yeah. >> And Hong Kong. >> Yeah, Hong Kong. >> Just do them all. >> Mhm. Um, I'm going to have to get a flight up to Japan. I keep hearing about how incredible Disneyland Tokyo is. Yeah, I want to go so bad. John, I need the talking Olaf shoulder pal from Paris. Yes, Tim, have you seen that? Paris has a um Olaf that sits kind of like, you know, um the owls from Universal and they have that like bigger metal. So, he sits and he talks Olaf and then he interacts if somebody else has an Olaf. >> Oh my goodness. Yeah, >> that first of all was brilliant. >> Uh-huh. >> And it would be really funny to hear what he has to say to you. >> I know, you know. >> I know. I can't remember what he was saying, but I saw it online and it looked so cute. All right, guys. We only have about three more minutes. I went to Disneyland Tokyo a long time ago. They were building Disney Sea, but OMG, the poo ride over there is next level. I've heard Winnie the Pooh honey hunt or something. >> It looks adorable. >> But hey, yep, that's just more signs that way. >> We got to We got to go. We got to save up. >> Maybe the girls trip plus Tim should be uh in Shanghai, like the ship there. >> Oh my goodness. And then yes, please. However, I think a Disney cruise from here might be a little cheaper. >> No. Well, whatever. >> Slide alone to get over there. It would be >> Yes, exactly. Happy Wednesday, Jenna. It's cold and snowing where I am, but loving Disney today. Thanks for the stream. A so sorry it's snowing, Scott. Hope you're staying warm. >> The birds are getting excited. You can hear them back there. Actually think that's a parrot. from the other show. >> Oh, sometimes they hang out. >> Oh, that's interesting. >> Cuz I think they're >> they do on the on the tree. >> Yeah, I think they're wherever their barn is is back there somewhere. >> Are your ears heavy? Um, no, they're not heavy at all. >> Perfect. It's >> not heavy at all. All right. Next, we have a raft. A river raft ride. >> Oh, I bet, Benjamin. I bet. >> It's cheaper to cruise on the adventure. Getting there, not so much, Tim says. >> Okay, so the cruise is cheap, but getting there is the hard part. Tim's already priced it out, apparently. >> Well, and Tim, you fly here so much. Maybe you have, you know, miles. >> Uh-huh. That's a lot of miles. >> That is a lot of miles. Unless that plane doesn't fly to overseas. >> Think how many miles you would earn just, you know, you have to make sure you fly on an airline where you have rewards or sign up for rewards before that flight. >> That is a good point. >> That would right right away get you, you know, closer to a free flight. >> Mhm. 100%. >> All right, guys. The show should be starting. It's 10:45. got to check my passport and make sure that it's not like >> about to expire, >> right? It has to be, you know, not like within 6 months, I think it is. >> Mhm. In case you get stuck or something. >> However, if you cruise here and you're coming in and out of the same port, um, a birth certificate and marriage license if your name is different is all you need. >> Yeah. Yeah, we can skip down. >> Oh, look. >> Thank you. Over towards me, Bab. >> Did you see that bird? >> What? really like those birds were flying around. >> How did they teach these guys to do this? >> It's a toucan. Oh my god. >> The chicken welcome. Oh my goodness. >> That's impressive. >> Good job. I can't wait for >> Oh my goodness. >> Hello everyone. >> Good morning everybody. >> Good morning. >> My name is >> And my name is Lucy. >> True. And did you see recycle the bottle? >> That's one of our viewers in the show. Her name is Ross. And that burger did that just flew over your heads right there. That's an African crown crane. His name is Frasier. >> Yeah, we're not gonna go any further than that. And we're gonna see go fly back on stage. Been doing that in this theater showing people awesome things that birds do since the park opened in 98. >> Yeah, this is like our favorite part of the day. But we get to come out and share all of the birds with you. And Adam's right. Birds are going to be flying right over your head the whole show, which if you love birds is going to be amazing. If you do not like birds, this might be a little traumatic. >> Yeah, doing that throughout the whole time. But we try to talk about stuff that makes all of these birds kind of unique and kind of special. And if you look at this guy, no feathers on his legs, which is great for waving through the grasslands of Africa and also to find their food. That bird flying right there is one of the best flying birds in the show. His name is Eric. >> Yes. >> Do you want to see what he can do? >> Okay. Cuz to do that, we need your help. We need to invite two >> two people. two people who would like to work together as a team, as a unit, as a squad to be able to make a hoop with their arms like Lucy and I are doing. And we're going to like what? >> Like this. >> Like this. And we'll see if the bird can fly through it. >> Uh two people same. We need two hands outside in order to do this. How great in the red and in the gray shirt with the mini ears. And in the very back row in the black t-shirt with back hat and the green shirt, black. All four of you stand up in your seat, face your partner. You don't even need to go anywhere. And just make a hoop with your arms. >> You're doing double hoops. >> Yeah, we're doing too. >> First thing in the morning is crazy. >> I know. That's how we do around here. >> We're getting wild >> on a Wednesday. >> Wild on a Wednesday. >> Okay. Eric is our born. He's ready. We're envisioning. Okay. With me envisioning the forest of Africa. There are two trees that happen to like stick up out of the canopy. And there's a nice person out in the back. We got one and a half. >> Should we get one more? >> Yeah, let's try it. >> We're going to get wild on Wednesday, y'all. Here we go. >> From the back to the front. >> I'm leaving. >> I'm leaving. >> Round of applause for our trees. Great job, all four of you. >> And what's cool is as Eric flew through that, did you see him like tuck his wings at the last second to fit through? That's what he does in nature. That's what nature has built these birds to do. They're amazing flyers. And he can even catch a flying insect out of the air. Yeah. Wish we could show off. >> You fixed it. >> Yeah. >> Dude, we're getting wild on Wednesday. >> Okay. Yeah. So, we've been kind of tinkering around with something um to see if we could show off this. >> Yes. >> And we got this. Thank you. Does anyone know what this is? >> It's a rocket launcher. But not today. Not today. Today. It is a grape launcher. We're going to shoot a grape up into the air and see if Eric can catch it. Does someone want to try that? Anyone want to launch a grape up into space? Okay, you have been very supportive the whole time. You want to help me out? Come on out the front. Let's give that a hand for volunteering. Let's come over here. >> We're going. >> We're moving. What's >> Kelly? Nice to meet you. Kelly, have you ever used a rocket launcher before? Have you ever put a grape into it? >> That's so weird. Um, okay. So, we're going to we're going to try it today. I'm going to shove right into this. And then what if the audience counts you down from 100? And when we >> I love the suspense. That's really good. What if we did a little less? >> 80. >> Three. Three. Three. >> Okay. We're going to count down from three. I guess when we get to one, you're going to stomp on that as hard as you can and then look up. We'll see if Eric can catch it. Okay. Are you ready? Yeah. Are you ready? Garrett, are you ready? >> Ready. >> Perfect. >> Okay, I'll count it out in >> three, two, one, >> go. >> Okay. >> Yeah, it did definitely in the face. >> He was really excited about that opportunity. Let's run it back. >> Run it back. >> Yeah, let's run it back. >> Okay, we can do that because you know what? Um, all adults, I don't know if you know this, all adults always carry a backup crate in their closet >> just in case. Just in case you need it, you know, >> I would consider that normal human behavior, but you never know. Okay, so wait, we're going to get Eric set up. >> Here we go. Time's the charm. 3 2 1 go. >> How about a hand for our rocket? Nice job. That was perfect. Head back to your family. Thank you so much for your help. >> Honestly, worked better than I thought it would. >> That Yeah, I agree. I was a little bit scared for the front row. >> When you showed me the crayon diagram, I was a little skeptical. Um, but I'm glad we did that cuz that actually showed that off kind of well. >> Um, and we now get to talk about a different adaptation cuz that bird's a fantastic flyer, >> but we want to show you one of the smartest birds in the whole show. >> Yes. And that bird is right there. >> Yeah. This is Walker. She is an African pie crow. And to show off how smart she is, I actually need another volunteer. This time I'm looking for an adult. And I need someone who has a dollar bill. Like actual cash on them at this point in their day. >> 2026. >> Yeah, I know. It's kind of wild. Um, okay. How about let's go right here. You have like a denim jacket on and like a brown hat. Yeah. Do you want to help me out? Okay. Do you have a dollar bill on you? You can stay right where you're at. All we need is some money. >> Yes. >> Well, we want Walker to know who to fly to based on who's holding that dollar. So, if you stand up right where you're at, you're going to make a push with your arm. Is that okay? She lands like right on your arm. Yeah. Just like that. Hi, Walker. So, um it's a really cool photo opportunity. Um and you'll get a nice up close look. Hi, Walker. Okay. So, check this out. She is going to stand a lift up just a little bit so it's above the heads of everyone. There you go. And then she sees you. She >> pop right. Look at that. >> It's not criminal in Florida. It's kind of legal. >> That was so good. And uh thank you very much. You have a magical day. >> Are you going to take one? >> Yeah. Okay. Anybody have 20 bucks over here? >> I'm teasing. I'm kidding. Actually, can we see if Walker will bring the money back to you? >> Yeah. You want to try again? Open. Walker will hopefully put the money right in the palm of your hand. All you got to do is grab onto it. Okay. All right. Well, we have a job to complete. There's some money. Do you remember where you got it from? She is so smart. >> Good job. >> We also got to witness something extraordinary. Okay. Someone at the theme park just got their money back. >> Don't get used to it. >> Should we just >> You want to be the owl? >> Yeah. >> Okay, great. If you have like a phone or a camera, this is like a really good chance for a lot of the ground to get a picture. >> Did you see that? >> See what? >> Yeah, the chicken. >> Okay. No, I don't know. Um I'm You know what? I'm just going to walk them home. >> Um what? >> Where you going? >> To walk the chickens off. >> They are already home. >> But they're not always secure. You know, I love the chickens. >> I know. What if they come back? I'm a little weird. >> You don't want to show off the whole like Matt Geo moment thing. If you want to see that, you can watch it at home on Disney Plus. >> I'll be right back. Hey ladies, why are you here? >> Okay. Uh, we'll just meet the owl. >> Okay, great. That works for me as well. Now, if you have your phone or your camera, this is Ollie. And Ollie is a little eagle out of the third largest species of owl on the planet, which makes it pretty big. We want to see if this apple will fly across the theater. It's crouchy in the bushes. Um, and if you have your phone or your camera and you're in between the owl and Shay, this bird will likely be flying right over your heads. It will set you up for a cool photo or a video. Um, and it's kind of cool cuz that's actually a little bit of a rare thing is that catching owls are usually awake during the twilight hours, like in the early mornings, late evenings. Some are even exclusively nocturnal. Um, but he looks like he's looking at that flight. Let's see. Let's see if he'll do it. He's keying. He's locking and the processor's firing. typical. And if you were listening, you probably didn't hear anything either because when owls fly, they fly almost completely silently as an adaptation to make them a better hunter. Their feathers on their wings are actually got like little wispy ends and they're called fluted if you're a bird. But those feathers help them to be able to fly silently. So in the front row, bet you didn't even hear him coming. And on top of that, got amazing camouflage, too. So like he doesn't look like anything specific by design because it allows them to blend in with a multitude of different environments throughout the seasons where they're found. It makes them excellent predators. I have one last treat for you, my friend. You were going so fast. And then that's Ollie the eagle. >> Yay. Ollie, >> owls are fantastic to have around. >> We're good. We're all good. Start. >> Did I just miss a whole owl? I mean, she almost got the tail end >> cuz it was he was leaving. It was his tail. >> Okay. Like supportive. Um, here's one word because owls are awesome. Some people even build an owl box in their backyard for owls because one owl by itself could catch you like a thousand mice or bats in a single year. >> That's true. Actually, I'm surprised we didn't start with that because we were working. Well, we have a really bad rap problem here, right? That's how we know how they're aling happening right now. >> Well, no, it's because they're so excited because excited. But we als have have not seen a single rat since >> it's true. Yeah. No, we don't even worry about it. The rap problem. Yep. >> It's good. That was great. >> Cruz. >> Glad you did that. Um, so, uh, we >> Hey, what? >> Oh, sorry. Go ahead. What are you? >> No, you >> No, I was I just want I have an idea. >> I have an idea. >> What are you doing right now? >> No question. >> We're going to change the show. >> Okay, that's cool. But you're being weird about you just say like, "Hey, let's just Okay. Well, then you want to see how I'm training the birds?" >> Wait, wait, hold on. You are not going to be that longer now, eh? So far, >> she was almost ready. I know, but she's also sworn in the last week. >> That's not true. >> Today's wild Wednesday. It's wild on a Wednesday. Okay. >> Wild Wednesday, >> right? >> They're in. >> All right. All 12 of them are in. We'll do it in 90 seconds or less. Okay. >> You only two minutes. But um we I'm working with one of our ravens, Cheryl Crow, on some like new hangers, right? >> Mixed bristles. >> Hi, Cheryl. Hi, what if I finish your walk with Cheryl and you love talking you could explain how we train the birds? >> No, that's totally fine. And Cheryl Crow is the reason that Lucy's not allowed to name birds because that's the reason. However, the way we work with the birds is the same regardless crow. We try to give them treats for doing things that we want. So, Luc back up to the rock. >> Yes. Come on. Good job. >> What? Hold on. She doesn't have much shape. >> When? >> Just now. Literally moments before you gave her a treat. >> Oh, >> okay. when we work with the birds that we think about how do we reinforce behaviors that people want to see and that's why that is problematic and please keep her over there now because when we find an environment that works to help the eater be comfortable likely >> did we stop the show my shoes with a bird >> no she's not No way. >> Stop it. >> Come on. How smart these girls are. She can do that. >> Get the out of here. >> What are you doing? >> Why? >> That's my microphone. >> Tada. It's okay, right? Probably. I don't know. I mean, could we Okay. Um, Greg is waving frantically at us in the back. Greg is our sound tag, everyone. Um, hi, Greg. There is another one. >> Well, no, but you don't have to go get it. Someone someone will find it out for you and then you can stay out here. Why? It's going to be weird. >> It's going to be your shoes untied. >> The shoe was kind of good though, right? >> Yeah. >> Okay. Do y'all want to meet another bird? >> This is Shay. >> She's a human. >> Not. Hi. Are you here to replace Adam? >> No. Okay. Can you pick the next bird? Maybe. What do you two birds? Who is it? >> I don't know. Oh, actually. Okay. Do you want to be some parrots? That's a great idea. I love that. Okay. Yeah, that would be perfect. Thank you, Shay. Um Okay. Well, we are going to just kind of jumble some things around here and we're going to meet two of my very favorite birds, Molly and Gabby. And they're two little Amazon parrots. How many of you have heard of parrots who can talk? >> Okay. Yeah, quite a few of you. So, that's because parrots have this cool ability to mimic sounds that they hear, right? They copy things in their environment. and how in the wild they're going to copy their parents and their flatmates and um that's how they learn to communicate with one another. But the reason they're famous for mimicry is because sometimes very rarely when they live around people they start to copy us and it sounds like they are talking. So um Molly and Gabby here have lived around people their entire lives and they're pretty good at the whole mimicry thing and thank you so much Taylor for bringing them out. You are saving the day. Um, so, uh, like I said, uh, they've lived around people. They've learned a bunch of stuff and hopefully they're gonna want to show off a little bit for y'all this morning. Thank you. Yeah, that's perfect. Okay, so um, first thing first first things first, you want to start off with a nice hello. >> Hello. >> Yes. Thank you. Right. Um, they can also introduce themselves. Tell everyone your name. What's your name? Gabriella. >> Gabriella. Gabby for short. And this one is mommy. Yes. Good job. Hello. >> Okay. >> Hello. Now the cat impression. >> Was that good? >> Great job. All right. >> And they can stand too, which is very impressive. Um, Molly normally takes >> Are you whistling? >> I was going to say mommy normally takes something down. Um, well, we got a bunch of wild brackles and crows flying over there. Um, fun fact about those birds, they don't work here. Okay. What else do you do though? Do you want to maybe sing one of your other songs? >> You'll never know. on my own. >> I think we might have missed a few lines of it. I was going to read you my sunshine. >> Thank you. Okay, they do have one more. They do have one more. It's a duet that they normally together. Do you want to hear one more? >> Yeah. Okay. What do you think? It went in Spanish. Oh my goodness. I know. They are so funny. Um, we could probably hang out with Molly and Gabby like all afternoon because they are so much fun. But I know we still have a few more birds that we want you all to meet. So you girls should probably head back. Um, before you go though, is there anything else you want to say? >> See you later. >> See you later alligator. That was Molly and Gabby. >> Yay. Yay. >> Oh my goodness. I know. They are so much fun. And thank you again, Kelly, so much for bringing them out. Um, you never know what you're going to get when Molly and Gabby come out here. It is different every single time. >> Hello. >> Hello. >> Hello. >> This is your conscience. Be nice to Adam. It's the law. >> No, I just have a spare. I just >> Hi, >> Gabby. Yeah, Taylor and Yeah, Taylor and Shay helped us out. >> I'll ask you, was it all right? Does she look all right? >> Um, yeah, they were super cute. They did a bunch of fun stuff. But I do want to mention one thing before we move on because I know they look like a lot of fun up here and I said they were two of my favorite birds, which is true. >> Yes, >> do not want them to inspire people to want to go and get a pet parent now, >> right? >> Parrots are some of the toughest pets out there and the majority of them never say a single word of human speech. They don't sing or talk, but they do scream all day and they bite extremely hard and they can live to be 50 or 60 years old, >> right? I mean, imagine a hua in 50 years at 6:00 in the morning. It will be less cute. Um, want to meet a bigger bird, >> right? >> Because this is Boris >> and Boris is a pterodactyl. >> It's a very new like Boris. They are one of the largest fighting birds on the planet. The wings man of this guy is like 11 ft wide. >> Yeah. >> Big man. >> Are huge and they're really cool. Not just because of the size, but because of the job that they have out in nature. Heads up. Here he comes. >> So, America are scavengers. It's kind of like the vultures we see around here, right? They get stuff. Other animals die. They come along. They help clean up the mess, which in turn stops the spread of disease and keeps wild places clean, >> right? And we kind of call them nature's recyclers because of that. And if we all did a little more recycling in our own way, not eating dead stuff, the earth would be a cleaner place. And maybe he's a face only mother could love, but I think he's handsome. And uh at maximum speed, >> Boris. >> Yay. Okay, that's all you should need for the next round. >> Thank you. Okay, that was awesome. That was such a good idea. And I'm happy you all got to be forest because scavengers are so important out there. So is every other bird you've seen here and today there. They all have jobs to do, which is why it's also important we as humans are doing our part, helping to protect their environment and be impacted every day. >> I mean, we can do amazing things. And the best example of that is the national bird of the United States of America, the bald eagle. Hello everyone. >> Wow. Oh wow. >> Like for you to meet Cypress. And when Cypress was much younger, she had an injury and so she was demolishable. So she lives with us today so that we can tell the story of the bald eagle. Because in a lot of our lifetime, these birds almost disappeared for good. But something awesome happened. As soon as we decided that they were worth protecting, so we started cleaning up the waterways where they were fishing. We stopped the use of a chemical pesticide called DE, which was a really big reason for their decline. >> Yeah. I mean, think about it. It was evil. helping everyone here who made changes and helped save a species from the brink of extinction. >> And the best part about their entire story is that it worked. Everyone's efforts paid off. The numbers of the bald eagle began to rise so high, in fact, they were taken off the endangered species list. >> This is an amazing conservation success story and shows us the power we have to protect animal. >> Absolutely. It's an amazing story, one to remember because there are many animals out there who still really need our help, including these birds. This is Rudy and he is a blue roden macaw. >> Also one of Lucy's favorite birds. And blue macaw like Rudy, they are some of the rarest parrots found in nature right now. They're only found in the blood forest of Bolivia, a small and specific habitat and currently there are fewer than 400 of them left. It's a scary low number, but it's not all bad news because we teamed up with an organization called the World Carrot Trust. And recently, we took 14 blueed Macaus to Bolivia to be a part of a breeding program there in the hopes their offspring will be released into the wild. And one day the guys in Olivia will be filled with the greatest. >> And that is what it's all about. There are creatures that live all over the planet that have very unique incredible stories like some of the words we talked about a couple. This one here is a total >> or in your own backyard like Oyster the rooster. No matter what it is, go out in nature and explore because you never know when you might find your new favorite animal. >> Absolutely. on the call of your including those blessed feathers. We wish to leave you with this. >> May your hearts take flight and your spirit soar forever. >> I love that show. So good. I'm going to plug in before we go. Yeah, if I can find it. There it is. >> I'll let you hold the paper if you don't mind. >> This was a great view from these bleachers, >> right? Cuz you don't need the right view. >> Yeah, you get a better Well, I know. You get a better view of all the birds like going across, you know, from side to side. >> That was such a good show and funny. >> Yeah, they're funny. >> They have some good jokes. >> Yeah. >> And this was different with the bald eagle. He usually comes out of the side. Oh, >> and somebody's got him on, you know, their arm. >> Oh, and this time the bald eagle flew out on his own. So, that was really >> I love how they said that one or whatever they were aren't really part of this. They just come and hang out here. Oh, look at how >> Look, there's food. >> All these birds are >> Yeah, I hear birds and I see food. >> All right, that was super fun. >> People food out for Exactly. I'm going to hang out here. >> They probably find food on the ground. >> Yep. >> Okay. All right. >> A I know. The ending is very inspirational, isn't it? I love it. Um, are we still zoomed in? I'm sorry, guys. There we go. >> I know. It's so good, isn't it? Girly girl. Love it. You're welcome, Edwin. Well, since we're already in Asia, why don't we go see the tigers >> tiger trail >> and then uh we'll go back to the gorilla trail. >> Oh, Kevin. >> Kevin. >> Another bird. I know. What a great spot for Kevin. A Kevin, you're so adorable. Kevin's a girl in case you didn't know, guys. >> I forget sometimes. >> Me, too. >> But then I remember Kevin had babies. >> All right, we are plugged in, >> ready to go. In about 45 minutes, my um vlog or Dale and I's vlog over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale goes up on our channel. Go over and subscribe and go watch the vlog. Leave a comment, give a thumbs up, a like. All those things really do help and uh we appreciate it very very much. >> Let's go see some tigers and all the other things that are back there. At least as to quote Jenna, it's amazing. >> You got You got to get the a and then the amazing part. >> Yeah, it was a little peepy just cuz the show was letting out and Kevin's right there. Little peepies. That smells good. >> Smell good. >> I think it's >> They have good honey chicken over there. >> I think they have orange chicken, too. >> That sounds good, too. >> Right. I know. We're hungry again. Okay. >> Thank you, Emara, for posting the link to Dale and I's channel. Go subscribe and go watch. >> My watch just said I was off to a great start. >> Oh, yeah. Mine told me that earlier. >> Awesome. Awesome watch. Thanks. >> Good job. You're not sitting around all day. Yeah, good job. You're you're getting your steps in today. You can uh tell the people that just got off of Cali River Rapids. They're they're a little like >> okay today you dry out. >> Yeah, in in the sun. It might be a little chilly with the wind. >> Yeah. >> But yes, you would dry out for sure. >> It is nice they have lockers right out here in case you want to put your stuff away before you go. >> Really? Yeah. Cuz say you want to wear tennis shoes, but you don't want to even get wet. You could bring a pair of flip flops >> and switch them out. Now, you would either have to carry them all day or just rent the locker all day. Either one. >> Either one works. >> Flip flops are pretty small, like a plastic bag. You can usually fit them in your backpack. >> Yeah, you bring a a decent size backpack. Not sure would fit in a lounge slide, but maybe if you don't have a lot in there. >> Thank you. >> Ooh, Flame Tree barbecue sounds good, too. >> So many good things here at Animal Kingdom to eat. hungry. >> I know. >> I mean, I'm really not hungry, but I am hungry. Talking about this food. >> Exactly. I've been so dizzy emotional recently. It's been almost a year since I've been, and I've still got 6 months to go. A I get it. >> But at least at least you have a trip planned. That is not too bad. >> Not too bad. Oh, there he is. You don't see him on the grass too often. >> He's usually or KFC is usually on the heated rock over there. >> Kimono dragon. When we were driving the 30 hours of May, my watch kept telling me I've been sitting too long. Yep. I get that. >> My watch does that. Like last night when I was sitting editing the vlog, it was like, "It's time to stand up. Why are you still sitting?" >> Cuz I'm not done with the vlog watch. Too funny. Oh, that's a good idea, too, Britney. You can wear water shoes. Yep. I have a great pair of water shoes I bought um and specifically for the water parks here. Yeah, that's smart. >> First of all, it's just too hot in the summer to walk on the concrete. It's too hot. You burn your toes. And then it just to me feels more >> clean. >> Yeah. Little more clean. >> Yeah. >> Cuz they won't let you >> sharp on the ground. >> Right. That too. And in the lazy river sometimes you might get something on your foot in there. So water shoes are perfect. I found a good pair on Amazon. >> Good morning, Christina from Indianapolis. see any. All right, let's see. Oh, they were in the back corner. >> Once a year until we live there. Otherwise, there we go. I think so. >> Just enjoying the weather. >> Yeah, that's a little bit. >> Oh, I think he's watching the >> cows back there. >> I think there's a moat between them. >> Oh, there goes the parrots. >> Oh, there goes the blue. >> Cool. >> Those are the parrots. the blue throatated pants, right? >> Yeah. They flew all the way around Disney. >> September is our last non-resident trip. >> Moving to Lakewood Ranch. Oh, that's awesome, Jennifer. >> All right, let me see if I can show they were leaving. They were flying off. >> We will uh let other people get a good view. Sorry. He's not a moving. He's just sitting there or laying there, I should say. >> Or sleeping. You can't really tell. >> Well, good point. He could be sleeping with his head up. >> My dogs are home and my visit. They know for >> Yeah. And it helps them. >> All right. Well, glad we got to see one of them, whoever it was. I hear the birds. They're ready for us. >> Sorry about the signal, guys. It wasn't wanting to come back, but I reset it. >> It better be from the top. So, weird. >> Yeah, it really was. We already saw the cow, whatever they are, those guys. >> So, we'll just journey on. >> What else might find them? >> Britney says, "What we didn't know is that the tiger was posing for a a picture somebody was taking from the other side." That's right. Exactly, Britney. Okay. Sometimes this is where the dad hangs out, but I don't see anybody here. So, I'm assuming there's no tiger cuz nobody's watching. >> Usually when there's a group, there's the tiger. >> So, all righty, man. And what a nice day it is today. It's literally the perfect Animal Kingdom day. It's not chilly. It's not hot. >> It's amazing. I think I'm going to bypass the birds. First of all, because one hit me yesterday. Second of all, we just did the show. >> Third of all, the signal's bad. >> Also, it's kind of good to show there is the option. >> Yeah, there's an option. >> Going through the birds >> if you have a a bird phobia or you don't want to get pooped on. Mhm. >> Or you have a service animal. You have to go this way. >> It's always the birds. And I I don't hear my favorite woohoo bird. I'm sure he's in there. Alfred. Alfred is his name. Um let's talk about another awesome sponsor that we have. David's VacationClip Rentals. DVCrequest.com/tv. >> Hi Jenna. >> Hi. How are you? Good. >> Watch you on YouTube. >> A thank you. What's your name? >> Nice in the chat. >> Oh, awesome. >> Oh, no. That's so cool. Thanks. Thanks for watching. Did you want to say hello on the stream or not? Yeah. >> Hi, everyone. >> Where are you from? >> England. >> Okay. Oh, very good. That's from England. Oh, are you enjoying your trip? >> Yeah. >> Good deal. >> We're on day two today. So, >> just being on the Avatar ride for the first time. Amazing. >> Right. Were you blown away? >> Yeah. >> So good. It is a good ride. Well, that's awesome. You, too. Thanks for watching. Enjoy your vacation. You, too. >> Bye. >> Isn't your favorite woohoo bird? Also, dad. Yes. My My favorite woohooer is dad for sure. It was cute cuz somebody on Friday night when Dale was with me, they said, "Can Dale give a good dad woohoo in honor of dad?" Dale. Dale tried. >> Okay. >> He He's not quite up to dad's woohoo level, >> but he he gave it a good go. >> I mean, I don't know that anybody could do it like that. >> It's true. It is true. Yep. >> Good point. >> Yeah, he he his first one was a little weak, but his second one was much better. It was It was cute. Um, but yeah, so let's talk about again David's Vacation Club rentals. If you guys would like to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out at dvcrequest.com/tv. Again, dvcre request.com/tv. Oh, a >> you don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. Looks like he's got a piece of lettuce or something. Cute. It's like I got to hang on, so I'll hold it with my foot right there. Oh, he made it. Now he can have a snack. >> There's some people coming down from the >> Oh, the Cali. Yes, >> that's a good view. >> I wish there was a better place to watch them get. So, >> yeah, >> I feel like there isn't. Maybe. I don't know. I guess maybe if you walk down this bridge, there used to be a bridge. >> Yeah, that's it. And I never go down that way. Let's do it. A Britney says uh Finley is very close. She gives uh she says woohoo back every time dad says woohoo. That's cute. >> I know that feeling now. You're like, "Yeah, this will be fun." And then you get off and you're like, "Ew, I'm wet." >> That's cute. >> It is cute. You heard they never come this way cuz we don't ride the ride. >> Oh wow. >> The queue for Cali is amazing. >> Yeah, it really is. >> There is so many hidden paths. >> All righty. It wouldn't feel that bad getting >> wet today. >> No, as long as you can like sit in the sun. >> But also, we like to buy those the like less expensive ponchos in bulk. You know, you buy like a carton of them >> on Amazon. >> Yeah, exactly. And the water rides is a perfect place to use those. >> It really is. >> Here, let's keep going down this path. >> Oh, yeah. You used to be able to like shoot water. I think you still can. >> Here's the queue. >> Hi guys. >> Oh, we're just just looking at the boats. >> Oh, is it an exit? Oh, got you. Okay, no worries. Don't be friends. It's a traffic jam. >> It is in the river. >> A boat jam. >> Oh, you know this roundabout thingy reminds me of the one in Epic. >> Yes. >> And Monsters Unchained. >> Happy Wednesday, Tinker Bell. How are you? >> Got 745 likes. I'm going to see if I can get my phone out here. >> It is so so cute. >> Yeah. >> Amazing. >> You guys have fun. Okay. All right, everybody. >> Gotcha. All good. >> You probably transition. >> Yeah. >> All good. >> Well, let's uh make our way back. We can go on the gorilla trail and uh >> I definitely want to go check out some uh some of the shops. We haven't been in any Well, we've been in one. I'm sorry. We've been in one shop. >> What park would you say is the hardest to navigate around? This one for me. this one cuz it's not I mean it's not really it's kind of a circleish with little pass here and there where Epcot is pretty much a circle and then the front part is another kind of circleish. Uh Magic is pretty much like a wheel and then it yeah spokes and then it goes out. Um I've also just gone there a lot so I know that one pretty well. And uh Hollywood I feel like is just small so it's easy to navigate at least for me. So I would this one would be the hardest. >> With all the the beautiful trees and everything here you sometimes lose sight of the tree of life which is like in Epcot. You can always see where the ball is gives you a sense of where you are. >> Exly it does help. And a lot of places in Animal Kingdom, yes, they're beautiful and, you know, themed, but a lot of it is very similar looking, if that makes sense. >> Um, so that will might throw you off as well. >> If you've been here a lot, you know, you're like, "Oh, I'm in Asia. Oh, I'm in Africa." Uh, of course, Pandora is pretty easy to know that you're there. Shopping with Jenna is my fave. A thanks, Meredith. No. Cute. >> Cute plushies. Well, let's see. I'm trying to think. I guess. Yeah, let's go back this way. Gorilla Trail would be this way. Hi, Nicole. >> No, it also helps that you are in the wild. Exactly. 100%. And that is what makes you feel like you don't know where you're at sometimes, too. Navigating around AK must be like getting lost in the jungle. Exactly. And I think that's I mean kind of what they wanted. They don't want you to get lost, but like >> Yeah, there's always somebody to ask. There's the map map on the phone on your app. They actually were handing out paper maps this morning. >> Yeah, I know. To people. >> People were looking at paper maps. >> Yeah. So, uh, so there there's always a way to figure out where you're going. >> There are a lot of cast members here, which is great. >> Yeah. >> They can kind of direct you which way. >> Exactly. Happy Wednesday, Julia. Um, your rap ride is similar to Grizzly River Rapids, which has a cool turntable. Oh, very cool. Yeah. I've never been on that one in DCA, but I have, you know, walk by it before. >> Oh, the Grizzly River. >> I've never done it, but cuz every time I'm there, it's true. >> You've done that? Yes, it is. That's true. In California, it's >> Yeah. And it would I think the only time I went where it was like maybe in the like low 70s but then it drops cold at night. So you're like I don't really want wet clothes >> all day. So on that one it does >> agreed to get cool at night. >> Uh right now would have been fine cuz I guess they're in the hundreds and upper 90s there. >> Crazy. >> Crazy cuz we were there in May and it was only like it would get to maybe 70. >> Yeah. >> So really weird. You never know. It's always chilly in the morning and chilly at night. >> Oh, it is. It's fun to collect the paper maps for sure. I always do. >> Yeah, I love paper. >> Good fries here. >> Oh, I've never had them. Okay. >> Really good. >> They have a different seasoning on them. >> Seasoning on them, but it's not like it wouldn't I don't think it would bother you. More like it just adds flavor. >> Yum. Okay. I like that. >> Almost like a smoky >> Oh, flavor. Okay, that'd be good to get those and then go over and get a pulled pork sandwich >> at um Flame Tree and put them together. >> I agree. >> That's one thing I don't like about the pulled pork sandwich at >> Flame Tree. They don't serve it with fries. They serve it with like baked beans or klelaw. >> Oh, yeah. >> And I'm like, "No, I want something salty." >> I like your idea here. >> Mhm. Exactly. All right. So, we're going to go on another animal trail, >> go see some gorillas and mircats. The gorillas are always my favorite to see cuz they're just so I mean, sometimes they're not, but a lot of times they're interactive and they walk around. >> So, they are so humanike. >> Or maybe you could say that we're gorillaike. >> Also true. Yeah, >> exactly. Okay. So, we'll >> go to the right. You have to get there kind of like you're going to the exit of the safari. >> That's the only way to get there. >> Hi, Age of Retro. This is a new one that just opened, too. Well, reopened. It does, actually. Let's Let's look at it. Today would be a day to check it out cuz it's not as hot. Let's see. We have chicken fingers, burger. >> This looked intriguing to me. >> Yeah, the burger. Uh, chicken wrap, a salad. That looks good. Yeah, it does. Ooh, the cookie looks good. Ooh, that bubble went my eyeball. >> I know. Me, too. >> Wait. Potato chips topped with chocolate cream. >> Oh, yes. >> Chocolate cream cookies, potato chips, M&amp;M's, milk chocolate candies, and dolce de leche. Sweet and salty. We kind of need to try that for science. This looks nice and healthy. >> It does. >> Yeah. It's nice to find some healthy things in a park. >> Agreed. >> Trying to be. >> So, since a restaurantosaurus is closed, this is where you get your burger. >> Oh, yeah. >> Chicken strips. >> And chicken strips. >> Yeah. >> I think we need to try that for science. >> Uh-huh. >> Okay. Add to list. >> We have a lot of things to try for science. >> We do. The ice cream bar. Yeah. >> Always have to rely on the calendars for reverbs. Yeah, for sure. Everybody's laughing at our for science. >> It's always for science. >> Yeah. >> I mean, first scientist first. >> Exactly. And and you guys want to know. So that's our science experiment for you guys. >> 2 in the morning. >> But it's a good thing that the rocket launch people don't rely on me for, you know, for science. It's true. We're good at the the food ta testing and the um shopping for science, but >> we could outfit them really well. >> Totally. And let them know what snack at Disney >> space suit. >> Um that you would have to try. >> Mhm. >> That's exactly right. Your space suit. Exactly. >> You're doing the world a favor getting that its research purposes. Exactly. Yeah, all the food groups are represented. Exactly. Even potato chips. >> Thanks for 777 likes. My favorite number. Seven. 7 777. Keep on bopping that like button. We have 1100 in the chat. I bet we can get some more likes. >> It's always squishy going this way. >> Yeah. >> Okay, we'll go single file. Look what I >> All right, put your blinker on. Merge. >> All right, we made it. Gorilla Falls. We are in food research. Exactly. That's where we do our scientific experiments. >> I like that. >> True story. >> What's your line of work? >> Food research. >> Food research. Food science and shopping science. >> Merch science. There we go. That sounds better than shopping science. You could call that consumer research. >> Oo, okay. So, food research and consumer food and consumer research. Love it. >> Wait, is somebody making that noise or was that the noise? No, that was that guy. Okay. >> I'm like, I've never heard these monkeys that >> Noah sticker straight ahead. Oh, he's making a noise though. >> A >> He was banging on the >> Yeah. >> pole. >> Yeah. A >> Is he just got his head on the pole? Like I can't take it. Let me put my head down. A >> It's Wednesday. >> Yeah. >> I'm not going to make it through the week. >> Nobody told me it was wild Wednesday. >> Oh, hi David. I didn't see you there. Welcome in >> David. Yep. Nope. They're done. They are done for the day. Well, as we're walking this way, definitely go check out another awesome sponsor we have. Um, let's see. Dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to get a really hard to get reservation here at Walt Disney World, dreamtable.co will help you get that reservation. Um, let's just skip that one. It looks a little squishy. >> We saw one on the >> Yeah, we saw it on the safari. >> So, go back and check that out if you missed it. Um, so again, go to dreamtable.co. You can download it from the app store or go to dreamtable.co and find it that way. Put in the um reservation you're looking for, the date, the time, how many people, and then they'll notify you whenever it becomes available. Um, so they won't make the reservation for you. They will notify you and you go into the Disney app and make the reservation. Again, dreamtable.co. Go check them out. Gorilla Falls is named after Gorilla uh Schweitzer. I love that. That's funny. And Mara says, "We'll go over that later." Oh, you guys are good. That was good. >> Thanks. Too funny. >> Ew, yucky. Thank you. You're welcome. >> David said, "Did I miss the churros?" >> Um, you missed where you get the churros, but we didn't get any. >> We're waiting for you, David. >> Uhhuh. >> Exactly. Are you coming churros together? >> Exactly. We We're skipping the old copy. It was. You could barely get back there. >> Look at all those yellow birds. Oh my goodness. >> Having a heyday up there. >> Oh, sorry. I'm like, I don't want to go right under there. >> Okay, >> we're out. >> Let's go see hippopotamuses. This is >> Yeah. Oh, that's it. >> Oh, I think I see it. It's over there. Let's go that way. Okay. I don't know where it went. >> Oh, there it is. >> I think it's way over there, but it's hard to see >> cuz the water's >> Oh, it's back there right now. >> Yeah, there it is. Do you see its body? Oh, look at it. >> That'd be cool if it went up on the bank. Oh, it might. Oh, cool. >> He's thinking about it. You can do it. There you go. Swim under water. >> Okay, maybe it's just going to chill and sleep. >> It's a good place to chill. >> You really get a sense of how big it is though when you're close. >> Yeah. Isn't that crazy? >> Yes. I always say squishy. That means crowded. Yeah. >> That's a scientific word. >> Exactly. >> It's very very scientific. That is right. All right. Next up is the mircats or like I like to call them the Timones. >> The Timones. >> Sometimes zebras are over here as well. >> Exactly. >> I'm guessing they're out cuz it is busy, too. >> Oh, there's one. >> Oh, there's a couple down here, too. So cute. >> And then we got the lookout right here on top of the rock. >> A hi little buddy. >> Oh my goodness. >> It's showing off. >> Can I take one home? >> Should I relieve you of your duties? Yeah. >> Time to try it out. Time to trade. I wonder how often they trade. >> Oh. Oh. >> They need to look out. >> Oh my goodness. He's like a little doggy. >> I just want to pet him. David says we'll probably have to get our churro fixed before they come cuz it might be a while. >> Okay. >> Okay. These things are adorable. I just want to go over to the rock and be like, "Hi, little buddy." Oh my goodness. He's so close. Oh. Oh, you're good. No worries. You're all good. Oh, he's gone. >> He left. >> All right. >> Oh, wow. They don't need Lookout anymore. >> Okay, >> they're done with the lookouts. >> Somebody will step up. >> Yeah, they're all over. Here's one. >> Oh my goodness. This one's running. >> He's in there. >> They're liking this. Cool. >> They're all talking to each other like, "Wait, who's supposed to be on lookout?" I thought you were on lookout. No, you're on lookout. >> Well, they're all going Well, >> somebody get on lookout. >> Oh, here he got it. He's got it. Look, guys. >> Nope. He's going back in. >> I'm like, "Sorry, people. I'm out. It's lunchtime." >> Or maybe they saw something that made them think they needed to all go. >> You would think that they would make a noise though to like, "Oh, here this guy. They are so cute. >> They're like little puppies. >> All right, let's go see if the gorillas are out of your mouth. >> We're getting close to 900 likes. Pop away. >> Also, subscribe if you're new. It's getting better over there. She is not the best. >> Not here. She's saying >> she is. I do not. I do not. I would love nothing to talk to you about on the hill. >> Yeah. All good. >> Yeah. Few of them. Mhm. >> Keys. Doies. >> Yeah. I know. I love when the babies are running around playing. >> Oh, there's a big one right there. >> Oh, yeah. >> A male. >> Big guy. on it, but it was actually >> I know. >> This one right here. >> Go see if we can see the >> girls. This is the girl's side. And over there's the guy's side. They must just be hiding today. HW. >> They went on a girls trip. >> They went on a girls trip. >> They're on a Disney cruise right now. >> Oh my goodness. They left without us. Come on, girls. Yeah. I don't know who the new alpha male is. That's a great question. >> I was wondering. It's pretty big. >> That one was very big. And he's the only one I'm seeing right now. Oh, there they are. They're under the tree. >> Now, let's go over here. Be able to see them. >> Yeah, there's one here taking a nap. You can barely see him or her. She's in there. Oh, under >> under the tree. Yeah, the palm trees. >> Very still. >> David says they went to get churros. I mean, they've got a good place to get them. >> They went to put our name in. >> Yeah. At Nomad. Yeah. >> Thanks, girls. But that's the only one on this side. And then we only saw one on the other side. >> Okay. Uhhuh. That's awesome, Britney. 125 days until I can get another churro. That's a good countdown. >> Yeah, that is good countdown. Not too far. >> Yeah. >> You want to push it? All right. Well, let's head back to the shops. >> Yeah, >> it is shopping time. Shopping. Shopping time. I love both the shops here. And they're right next to each other, so it's really easy to get into both of them. They're nice big shops. And little tip, I always tell everybody, sometimes if something sells out at another park, >> this is the one to come look at. >> Yep. >> Or a resort. >> For sure. But sometimes they'll still have it here cuz people I guess don't for some reason and so they don't >> this a long time ago that they only have >> Yes. But they'll have like the regular merch as well, >> right? 100% do. Oh, >> I call it regular merch, but you know the non >> the regular Disney merch. >> Hey, I know that guy. >> I'm there. I like your hat. >> It's a good hat. >> We're heading back to the shop. You came just in time. >> A jungle truck. >> I did. >> A jungle truck. >> I actually missed you. >> Oh, funny. >> All right, back to the front we go. Awesomeness just said, "Are you going to meet back up with Andy?" Yeah, we did. We found him. We found him. >> No, I found you. >> Oh, good point. That's true. That is a good point. >> I think shopping is an afterthought at Animal Kingdom. I think most people are just trying to do all the rides. Um, so most of the time is spent doing that. Yeah. And seeing all the sites. There's a lot to see see here, for sure. I got my favorite sweatshirt. >> I know. It looks pretty liny. >> Came back, finish the show, took everything else. >> That's awesome, Kelsey. >> Yeah, it is definitely more crowded even than Magic was on Monday, I feel like. >> Yes, I agree. >> David says, "Hi, Andy." >> Yeah, let's go that way. I >> was going to go right and then I was like, "That's silly. Nope. Plea, we definitely did not. Sorry. Excuse us. >> We definitely did not. Hi, Stacy Tiger fan. How are you today? I've heard really good stuff about the corn on the cob here. I've never tried it, >> but I've heard good things. It's uh grilled >> sweet corn. You can't go wrong with that. >> Okay. Oh, they have a seven layer bar there. That sounds delicious. A cookie. food. >> Me, too. I'm getting hungry. >> It almost smells like curry. >> It does. Something. >> I wonder. It's probably coming out of the Tescar house. >> Have you ever been there? >> No. >> Oh, no. >> I had to try that place. >> Yeah. You >> I went with um the girls. >> And if you time it right, you can be there for and try breakfast and lunch. >> I love that. >> Yeah. It's really fun. >> Oh, nice. Jennifer, I >> was your reservation. >> I actually don't remember. Maybe 10:30. >> Okay. >> 10ish something. And I think they switched it at 11:00, I believe. >> Oh, perfect. Okay. >> I can't remember. Something like that. It was a couple years ago, actually. It was I think one of the first times I had hung out with them. Yeah. Thank you for all the Disney streams. We have not been to Disney since 2024. You give us our Disney itch when we can't be there. Hopefully we can visit next year. Oh, I hope you can, too. Oh, there's no line for ice cream. >> Is gone. >> Yeah, that's crazy. >> That is crazy. Everybody got it and left. Okay. If I wasn't in the mood for something savory, I would I need something savory. I need some protein. >> Same. But this is a good sign. That is a good sign. >> Tusker House is my favorite on Disney property. So many good plant-based options and healthy options with so much flavor. Awesome know. >> Yeah, it's very good. I do highly recommend it. Is pricey because it is a character breakfast, lunch. I think they do dinner, too. Um, so it is a little pricey, but but it's yummy. Lots of options. Starbucks still doesn't have a really long line. says he's going to turn on his infrared heat lamp to simulate how it's always hot hotter at Animal Kingdom. Sounds good. And and it actually is really nice today. Put on a fan, too, because there's a nice breeze. >> Welcome in. If you're just joining us, we did the safari first thing. If you missed it, go back and check it out. There were a lot of great animals. Um, we also went to the bird show, went on both animal um animal treks and uh yeah, now we're going to do some shopping. This is Pizzaari. They got some yummy stuff there as well. Oh, you think uh MG or uh Hollywood Studios is the hottest? I always think it's this one with Epcot maybe being the second because there's not a lot of shade. >> Yeah, >> I don't know. >> You kind of walk outside Epcot. >> Yeah, >> I always thought there was a little more of a breeze at Epcot. >> True. That is a good point. When the sun goes down, it's nice there, but like >> But yeah. There is good shade here in this park. >> That is nice. >> The trees. >> The shade is wonderful, but it also does hold in the heat when it is hot. >> Yeah. >> So, it does do both. >> All right, let's see what we can find. Oh my word. What are these park food gummies? So, are they like turkey leg gummies? Popcorn gummies? Okay, that is adorable. >> They feel squishy. >> Uh-huh. Well, they're gummies. Oh, gummies. >> Yeah, >> totally missed that when you were talking. Never skip leg day. >> I love that turkey leg. >> That's cute. Here's my my uh >> jacket that I love. >> Love that. >> Mhm. >> T-shirt that matches. >> Me, too. I like this one, too. >> Yeah, me too. >> Time to get Tim's Visa card out. Sounds like a plan to me. Tim. >> Tim, >> got your Visa? Oh, they have the Baymax ears here. >> Oh, those are so cute. >> Aren't they adorable? Oh my word, look at his face. >> That is so cute. >> And then these lightweight. >> They are. And then >> here's the Wild Wilderness Explorer ones again. >> Adorable. >> Hi, Terry. >> There's only a couple left here. >> There's three. Oh, and here we have all of the ear keychains. And then they don't have any more of the boxed ones, but they've got the rest of them. Adorable. This is cute. Winnie the Poo jersey. A basketball jersey. Gummies with different flavors. Yeah, that's kind of what it looked like to me. >> It's a new Winnie the Pooh backpack over here. >> That's cute. Not the one with the ear holder, but let's see. >> $44.99. That's not bad for that big backpack. Oh my goodness. Look at the cup. Cute. >> Mom would love that. $29.99. Yeah, that's cute. Adorbs. Hello. Be nice and cool in the Hello. Hello. Walk in. >> Yeah. Wow. Oo. $80. Gesh. I mean, it is nice material sucker, but >> but it's just got one little winny poo on it. >> Very cute, but not I don't I don't think it's worth the $80. >> Yeah, >> that's a wouch. >> That's a wouch. Yes, Sharon made up. Wouch yesterday. Wow. And ouch. >> Wow. And ouch. >> Put together. So, they have the plastic ones and then they've got the bag charm ones. So cute. >> They're so stinking cute. >> Oh my goodness. >> Right. That's Angel. Stitchy. Think they've got Mickey. Winnie the Pooh. Tiger. >> Oh my god. And Minnie. So cute. >> Oh, golf balls. Oh, fun. I love that they have Pluto. Oops. Andy found something for him and Dale. >> I don't want to hit them, though. >> No, those would be, you know, put on your shelf. >> Yes. >> Hi, Amy. >> Maybe it would make you play really accurately. Oh, there you go. >> Hi. How are you? >> We just noticed I reached in front of your camera in the >> Oh. Oh, yeah. All good. Yeah. How are you guys? Hello. Do you want to say hi on the stream? >> You want to say hi? >> Hello. Where you guys from? >> Boston. >> Boston. Awesome. Are you on spring break? >> No. >> No. No. All good. >> Hey, it's all good. >> You know, you're learning. You're an animal kingdom. It's fine. >> Yeah. Oh, I'm glad you did. What are your names? >> Lucy. >> Lucy. >> Tally. >> Tally. >> Victor. >> Victor. Was it Victor? Yes. And mom and dad. >> Yeah. Victor. Megan. >> Awesome. Good to Good to meet you guys. Hope you're having fun today. >> Awesome. Thanks for watching. Bye, guys. >> I know. I love that, too. That was so cute. >> Oh, here's the build your own. Let's go see what they got. >> They do have the safari ones. So, >> the safari. >> Yep. So, if you're wanting the safari, they've got plenty. They are uh No, $13.99 for the plush each one. They have the gold ones. They have all the, you know, Mickey, Minnie, Zootopia, all the bows and the hands and things. >> Yeah. Zootopia, Stitchy, >> and Daisy. You can buy your band. The newer bands actually say Walt Disney World. >> Oh, ours don't. >> Our old The old ones don't. >> Oh, interesting. Um, and then the hat, too. So, Andy, you can, you know, buy these, too. >> I actually love this idea. >> Me, too. >> If this was a white hat, I think I would think about buying it. The black >> for you. So, you're you could see the green the sun. That would be a warm hat. >> Decorative. >> Hi, Mark. >> Just noticed Sharon's ears. So cute. Yeah, we have the same ones on. And they're these right here. >> We just got these. We did. >> Awesome. All right. What else we got? >> I have to this. >> And you can get all the >> Yeah, I have to see what's in here. This is intriguing. >> Oh, it's a medical set. Oh my goodness. I would have loved this when I was a kid. >> Oh my gosh. Right. There's a tiger. There's a lion. >> Oh, I would have loved this. $24.99. >> Adorable. >> So cute. >> Right. >> Oh, wow. >> Taking them to get some medical. >> Health. Got your stethoscope. >> That is adorable. >> He's cute, too. Where we lived in California, there was a place called Morrow Bay that had a ton of otter that would come up close to the, you know, water's edge. They were so stinking cute. We found a couple one time and they were holding hands like that. It was so cute. And then I I think we saw one with a baby once and it was on the mommy's belly, you know, cuz otherwise you lose them. So cute. >> Oh, did you? That's awesome. A >> I love the shirt. >> Right. >> A friend >> our ears. >> A friend to all. Best explorer for fur. Sure. >> 34. No, 36.99. >> Mhm. Those adorables. Oh my goodness. Dad. Okay. So, dad calls this the old guy. >> I know it's Carl, but look, Dad. They have an old guy mug. >> So, it's not me calling it. It's dad. And it's okay cuz he's old. He can call him that. >> So, they'd be like, >> "Yeah, >> Andy, if you got this mug, you could say the old guy was drinking out of the old guy." >> Yeah. >> I'm not calling you old. >> No. >> You're saying you called yourself earlier. >> Exactly. Just like how dad calls him that. Oh, here's my tank top. >> Ain't it adorable? >> Got mini. It's got like little buttons. >> Really cute. >> So cute. I love the color. >> I love the color. It's >> $34.99. Oh, fun. >> Animal Kingdom on the back. >> Nice and light. >> And it would go great with my new ears I just got. >> Actually, it really would. David says, "Hey, that's me." Hold on. I have to go yell out my window. Get off my lawn. That's funny. I like both of these, too. >> I do, too. >> T-shirts. They're getting some good shirts. >> They really are. >> I love that. >> Me, too. >> All right, guys. Well, um you can hop over right now if you want over to Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Our vlog just went live over there. Um, Adventures of Jenna and Dale. If one of the moppers wants to post the link, our uh, sixth cruise day is out from uh, Star of the Seas and it didn't go as planned. So, you got to watch to find out why it didn't go as planned. All right, guys. I'm going to switch to Wi-Fi. Be right back. Don't go anywhere. Unless you're going to watch There we go. Just popped up on your YouTube notifications. Awesome. All right. I don't see them in here. Oh, no. They're here. They are. They're right here. >> They have pretty good quantity. >> Yeah, they do. >> Uh David says, "Hold on. I just thought of something. If we move to Florida, does it actually complete the last condition to me becoming my Frederickson? >> Well, you have to get a house with balloons. >> Yes. >> Then maybe it will. >> Maybe. >> Yeah. >> Just attach balloons to your current house, David. Just float it down. >> Float it down. Then you don't have to buy another one. >> Then you have completed the uh >> Mhm. >> Carl Frederick. >> There's the stitchy ones. >> These are so pretty. >> They're my absolute favorite new ears. >> I just love them. The bow has pink and silver in there and blue. >> I love the little flowers. >> The little flowers. >> They're amazing. >> Yeah. >> Whoever designed these. Please. We need more. Actually, we don't cuz I will spend all my money. >> Oh, look. It's my house. >> Yeah, that's a real >> You know how it says Cinderella's castle? >> I mean, >> I loan it to her sometimes. It's fine. Um, that was before we painted it. You're right. Yeah. We had a painting party. >> Of course we did. >> Jenna and Dale invited over all their friends. >> Yeah. Wait, what does that say? >> Anti-romantic. >> Is that what it says? Oh my word. I love that. >> Really funny. >> I love her song. >> Really cute. >> Yeah, it's a nice shirt. >> Yeah. Oh, >> this is fun. I'm not sure I've ever seen this one. It goes with our ears. Maybe I have. >> No, I don't think I have. >> That's a pretty big background. >> Yeah, it's the big version of the one we have. I wish they had it in the mini version. >> That would be good for an airplane. >> Yes. >> For your personal item. >> Agreed. Or if you are here in winter and need like jackets and things. >> Yes, exactly. >> I love the chip and tail one. The thumper. >> You don't see much of Thumper. >> Oh my goodness. >> Sarah P Adventures. Sarah, if you're in the chat or if you're watching this on replay, cuz I know you're in a way different time zone. >> She loves Thumper. Oh my goodness. >> I do too. I love Thumper. So cute. >> So So cute. >> All right. We always got to see if they have anything new in the in the cruise. Lou, >> no. Girls crew. I always get them switched. They do have the Walt Disney World one. >> Yeah, I love that. >> Me, too. And then these are the ones I want next. Oops. There we go. The balloon ones. I think those are adorable. >> Those are cute. >> Oh, the roses. Yes. Love that. A little hard to see in here. Your light. >> Oh, no. You're good. Oh, there's stitchy ones down here. But also, the thing wants to swing. >> It does. It doesn't want to stay. It's uh it's on a roll. >> Okay. >> I do like just the classic. >> I got that shirt. I love it. >> It's really fun. I do have one in the same colors for Hollywood Studios which has the Tower of Terror on it and I got that one. I was hoping that they would have one for Magic and one for Epcot but I haven't found. >> Okay, maybe eventually >> you know I thought they were going to do a whole >> a whole four park thing. >> Very nice. Very nice. >> Oh, did did Andy did you find your Fourth of July shirt or >> Yeah. Not yet. >> Not yet. Well, look, they have a sweatshirt cuz you need that. >> Who wants to wear a sweatshirt for Fourth of July? >> Yeah. >> Maybe if you live in California in the evening. >> Mhm. >> Yes. >> You might need that. >> I do really like that. >> I know. Me, too. It's really cute. You would not wear it here, though. >> No. >> Oops. Sorry. >> Oh my word. These are adorable. It's like that sweatshirt jacket look. >> Yeah. Yeah. kind of has the the Letterman's jacket look, but it's a sweatshirt, >> which actually is very nice because it's a little easier. Oh, I like that it's >> a full zip, too, a little easier to get on. >> $89.99. >> Oh my goodness. Okay, they have the guys tank tops. They've got a Winnie the Pooh. I mean, a girl could wear it, but you'd have to wear something under it cuz it's very low. It's Yeah. Winnie the Pooh and Baymax. >> Big armpits. >> Yes. Which makes me think it's more >> or arm holes. Actually, >> more for vise. Yes. Arm holes. Exactly. All right. What else? I know. Isn't it cute? He's in his gear. It's fighting gear. Oh my goodness gracious. I even had coffee. >> I know. Nap time. >> Nap time. Yes. >> Hi. >> This just like regular Oh, they have some limited edition ones. Oh, there's an Easter one. We'll have to wait. It's group a group box. >> Hey, Santana family. How are you? Oh, ice cream. They have new ice cream ones. Oh my goodness. Those got me in trouble last time cuz I wanted all of them. >> And now I didn't. And now they're more expensive than they used to be. All right, here's our limited edition ones. We've got Happy Easter. So cute. >> Everest and um Nick Zootopia. Oh, Disney rewards card. Okay. >> Oh. So, those are limited edition. Got some new Animal Kingdom ones. And I love these. >> I know. I know. I love those, too. I love the colors. It's really cute. >> That's fun. The new up one. >> Nice. Got some good ones. I don't see the backpack mystery ones. Why are those online? This whole side over here is stitchy. >> Okay, let's see if I'll get my signal back here. >> I think we're back. Okay, cool. >> All right. Well, that's about it. They still have the flowers. Couple of them anyway and the up which I got dug. So I don't need anymore. I was happy. If you want a Doug, it's the one that barely shakes. >> Okay. >> Barely shakes. So you have to find the one that barely shakes. We were doing this yesterday with blind boxes. >> Yeah. We didn't exactly, you know, >> we didn't guess quite right. >> What's that? >> Yes, exactly. >> That one doesn't shake very much. >> That one doesn't shake. >> Yeah, not too much. >> Nope. Not much. >> Uhhuh. >> That might be him. Maybe. We did see a lot of animals today. It was fun. We >> did. >> Mhm. >> All right. Well, we are going to go in front of the tree of life and we're going to wrap up wrap up the stream. Go get some lunch and you guys can go over and check out the vlog over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. You don't want to miss it. Find out why um it didn't go as planned. >> Yeah, I need to go I need to go watch it. >> Go watch it. Yep. As soon as you get home, check it out, everybody. You're welcome, John. No, we're not doing an unboxing, but Sharon and I did an unboxing yesterday, so I just I got to get that edited and put out on the channel, and it'll be on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. So, again, go over there and hit that subscribe button. >> Oh my god. Oh, hi. How are you? >> Wow. >> Goodness gracious. Oh, are they doing a A bird thing. Yep. >> Here comes the birds. >> Discovery Island travels. In moments, the sky will come alive with color. Let's just cause join together creating wind encounter. We encourage you to gather around our special at the base of the tree of life for a unique journey of discovery. One that you can't see anywhere else except in the wild. >> Yes. >> Welcome to Winged Encounters. >> Me, too. The bird show. >> Hey, what's up, Discovery Island? You're all in the right place at the right time because the last Winged Encounter show of the day is getting started right over here by the Roots of the Tree of Life. I know you'll probably have a pretty busy day, but we're a short experience that you are not going to want to miss. So, come on in and join us. You're all so far away. And there is all this open space right here in front of us. Great job everyone. Move on in and fill in all the space right here. These are some of the best spots to have the top of your head. >> My name's Keegan. I'm joined by Ary, Aaron. >> I guess we might as well go closer. We're here, right? >> Three other superstars of our show that are out here joining us right now. This is Sherlock, Shephard, and Reed. But shout it out. Does anybody know what kind of birds are these? >> Macaus. >> Yeah, I heard a variety of answers. Macaus parrots. Both are correct answers. Macaus are a type of parrot. Sherlock right over here behind me is a blue and gold Macau and Shepherd and Reed are both Scarlet Macaus and they're just joining us from about a half mile away. Now, we train these birds using positive reinforcement so they know that if they come out here and hang out with us that they're going to be getting some of their favorite treats. >> Obviously, we don't speak their language and they don't speak ours, but we do know somebody else. Thank you. >> And also maybe that again and again in the future. It's really simple, but that's how positive reinforcement training works. Now, as beautiful as these three birds are, we absolutely love working with them every single day. None of us go home to a macaw in the household. They can make extremely challenging cuts to have. And that scream right there is going to be the number one complaint for anybody who >> in the four walls of your home. They're going to be screaming on and off for 50 to 60 years. That is an alarm clock that doesn't come with a snooze button. They're also really destructive, incredibly messy, and like I said, birds like this can live decades on end, really making them a lifelong commitment. So that's why it's so great that you can come to places just like Disney's Animal Kingdom to get that pair of pics and maybe even homes. Great. >> Now, I mentioned earlier how we have two different species on Macros out here joining us right now. These are just two of eight that we get the opportunity to work with every single day. But one species in particular that we're really privileged to work with is called the bluethroated macaw. Now they're actually one of the rarest species of macaw found left out in the wild today. And in the country of Bolivia where they're native to, there are fewer than 400 blueth. We're seeing things like deforestation which is leading to their habitat loss and even the illegal pet trade is a problem for birds. Now, I know that 400 does sound like a scary low number, but it's not all bad news. We're partnering with an organization called the World Carrot Trust. We actually just recently got the opportunity to travel down to the country of Bolivia, bringing with us 14 blue to become part of a breeding program. Now, the hope is that their babies will be the result to meet up with that native population and have some babies of their own that we can boost up that number and see ski just like that. Isn't that incredible? >> So cool. Y protecting out in wild places. But make sure to keep your phones and cameras up because you never know when these birds might be heading off on their next adventure. But I do have to point out hanging out right over here next to me and on that lamp post up there. This is Sammy Joe and Cletus. And these are two of those blue throatated macaus that I was mentioning just a little bit earlier. So hard to imagine that there are fewer than 400 of those birds left out in the wild. But it does sound like these birds are about ready to take off on their next adventure. So keep your phones and cameras up. We're gonna watch it. >> Oh my goodness. >> Andy, you are very brave. You didn't duck. Get out of here. Let me join a second on that post right up there. Feel free to come on in and take some pictures while they here. >> That's so cool. >> Oh, I love that. Oh, that's so fun. Together, we can help ensure amazing sites like these remain in wild places for many generations to come. >> Enjoy the rest of your adventures here at Disney's Animate. >> All right. Well, >> let's try to go over by the lemurs and we'll wrap it up over there. You know where we I don't know if we can get over there, though. We're going to try. So fun. >> Actually, let's just go over here. It's very crowded. >> Thank you so much for joining us, friends. Like I said, this was our last wing encounter show of the day. But if you enjoyed our experience and want even more birds in your life, go check out the feathered friends and flight show right over in just all the birds just going to be starting their next show this afternoon at 1:45. >> All right, everybody. >> Well, let's uh let's thank our platinum members before we end the stream. Um, we have Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Paulie, The Amazing Jaylen Moxley, Scander Dani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, Jane, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much. Yes, Akuna Mata. Exactly. Um, and we also want to thank our other sponsor. Um, we've got Behind the Ride in Disney Demystified. These are two books on Amazon that you can grab. Um, you can get the ebook, the hard coverver copy, or even the audio book for Disney Demystified. Go check them out, guys. All righty. Well, we're going to go grab some lunch. Let's do a selfie here. In Wait, there we go. Perfect. All right. All right. Well, thanks to Sharon and Andy for hanging out. It was so fun. Thanks you guys for hanging out. And I hope you enjoyed Whimsical Wild Wednesday. It was great. And thanks again to all the replay watchers as well. We appreciate you guys checking out the vlogs. And go over and watch the vlog over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Don't miss it. It's day six of our cruise. All right, everybody. We'll see you soon. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye. Where? >> This door. Daddy
