---
video_id: NOLOGH8-CIM
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Friday Night Live at Epcot & the Epcot Resorts - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 1-30-26"
published: 2026-01-31
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOLOGH8-CIM
---
piece of tape. No. Heat. Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live tonight for Friday Night Live at Epcot and the Epcot Resort. Welcome in, guys. Before we get too far into the video, want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all of the social media for Resort TV one on all the things. Welcome in everybody. How's it going? So pretty, right? All right, so Dale's going to be joining us tonight. Um he is on his way. He's not here yet. um but should be here soon. But right now I have mom and dad. They're here. They join me for uh coffee and dinner. And then Dale's coming right after work. So uh we'll do a switch off. We forgot the popcorn. We have maple popcorn. >> We did. Yes. Maple popcorn and cookies. Hi Christopher Robin. Hey Catalina. Hello everybody. Welcome in. It's It's getting chillier. Um, but it won't it's not as chilly as it's going to be on what? Saturday night into Sunday. >> That's kind of like >> that's gonna be our faces on Sunday. >> Saturday night into Sunday right there. If we're if you're a flityian, you're going to be hibernating. [laughter] >> We are for sure. >> I saw wind chills can get into the into like around into the teens. >> Yeah, >> that's crazy for Florida. That's why I left Indiana. >> Oh my god. Here we are. Luckily, that doesn't happen very often. Apparently, it hasn't happened since 2010. So, we've been lucky. >> Yeah, we were here when that happened. >> In 2010? Yeah. Mom and dad lived here. Yeah. Hi, Jay. Hi, Princess Kristen. Hi, Marissa. Noel. Ticker tail. John. Oh my goodness. John, he says 85 in Anaheim. Um, >> we'll trade you, John. >> That's not even fair. Christopher Robin said the woohoo crew >> with the woohoo bird. >> That's right. Hi, Darl and Victoria. >> All right. Well, let's just start walking this way. Take a little stroll around the park. It is still light out, which I love. It's staying lighter a little bit longer. Hi, Rita. Hi, Jeff. And Jill is here. Smooth joy steak. VJ. Olivia. Mr. Perry Small. How are you? Jane Dean Annette. Hi guys. Welcome in. As soon as that sun sets, it starts to get chilly. Let me know if you're getting wind noise. I didn't put the ear things on yet, but I will. I will. I will. Let's go this way. Hi, Disney boy mom. Hi, John. Welcome in. Hey, Mega Byron. Guys, share out the stream. Let everybody know we're live. It's a busy day today. Not sure what's going on, but it's busy. A lot of uh school groups here. Ah, not bad. No wind. Okay, it is. It's going to be a great stream. We're excited. We're going to do some uh fun festival the art stuff cuz this will be the first time Dale's been here. So, I know he wants to check out some art, some food, and then we'll head over to the Epcot resorts as well and enjoy some of that, >> some resort times. It's going to be awesome. And if you guys forgot, then um Josh is gone. He went to New York, so he'll be gone this weekend. [music] Let's go shopping before Dale gets here. That's funny. We did a little shopping. We didn't buy anything, though. But we did go in the store. [music] >> A that's so sweet, Joe. >> No matter how cold it gets, we have Jenna to warm our hearts. A Jay, that's so sweet. Hi, Monoa Jay. How are you? [music] >> Uh, Donna, it's supposed to be warmer by Wednesday, so you're in luck. That's awesome. [music] Hi, Diz Magic. Hi, Julie. Hi, Bryce. >> Early spring breakers. That would be very early. Craig's robotic surfum is here. Yeah, Epcot is gorgeous. [music] >> Do you guys want to go see some art? There's some art up here we can go check out. >> Of course. >> Of course. Mom says [music] covered yet. >> Yeah, they've got a lot of things covered. We'll show you as we, you know, walk past them. >> Quite a bit covered. >> They have a new Oswald plush. [music] I didn't see it. We'll have to go back and look. I wasn't really looking for it. So, we'll go back. Hi, DJ Andrew. How are you? [music] Hi, Phil Collins. Oh, like right here, they have this covered and it kind of looks like snow. Isn't >> that funny? [music] This is covered. >> Glad we didn't wear shorts today. >> Me, too. >> Yep. Not not a good day to wear shorts. I mean, earlier it might have been. Braxton says, "Hi." Hi, Braxton. >> Oh, that's awesome, John. >> There's some more covered flowers. >> Everybody say hi to Uncle Walt. >> Uncle Walt Disney. >> Go have a seat next to Uncle Walt. Yay! Smile. Screenshot here. I'll just get a How about I just get a picture? How about that? Perfect. All right. Dad, Uncle Wall, and mom. [laughter] >> Hi, Leslie. Hi, Amara. >> Very cool. >> I don't think I've been this close to wall. >> I know. Isn't that cool? It >> is. >> Yeah. Or if you're Ivone, you think it's Roy. No, no, no, Ivone. That's That's Walt. >> Walt. >> This is pretty cool. >> Hi, Robert. Hi, Sandy Pandy. And then you can see down here they've got the flowers covered as well. >> How pretty. Blue polo says, "What a nice picture." >> A >> I got one of both of you, too. So, >> Oh, thank you. Yes. >> Hi, Carol. >> Cardboard box. How are you? >> Hi, Jenna. Mom and dad. Oh, and hi, Uncle Walt. Hi, Uncle. >> That's awesome. >> Do you guys want to go see the Broadway um thing that I got to come early and see? >> Sure. >> You want to go check it out? Okay. Sure. >> It's down this way. >> Hi, Indiana. >> Welcome home. Hi, Bonnie. >> Bonnie says that that red is a great color on you, Mom. It's her favorite color. >> Yeah, it is blue. >> She said, "Thanks." Blue. Blue is her favorite color. >> Get blue things now. >> Yeah. >> For somebody I know. >> Now, you know what's funny is growing up I was going to say, "Well, they don't really have red couches." But guess what? Growing up, we had a red couch. >> No, we [laughter] >> with flowers. It was pretty. Red couch and red chair. That's right. >> It was really red. >> We did have a blue one, too. >> It's funny. >> Oh my goodness. >> Yes. A great picture for a frame. That's right. >> Look at that sunset. That's so pretty. >> It was a red. You can see it. >> It was bright red. Yes. Yes, [laughter] it is true. Hi, Brooke. How are you? Happy Friday. >> Happy Friday. Do you guys remember that guy? >> That Where was he from? >> Um he was um >> Oh, he was in >> He's in front of his building. >> He is. >> Do you remember that ride? >> Not [laughter] you were sitting right up next to it and >> Uhhuh. It was right here at Epcot. It was my favorite ride. es horizon. >> You got it. >> And that's that's the building. And then that's the the robot there. Isn't that cool? >> They had the orange trees. >> Uhhuh. Yep. >> Automatic pickers. >> Yeah. Smelled like oranges. >> Then the other was Universe the motion. Uh >> universe of energy. >> Well, there's energy. >> But then there was um >> World of Oh, that's it. >> Ding ding ding. You got it. >> It was horizons. I can't remember. >> You got it. horizon. [music] That's all right. I put you on the spot. Oh, before we go in, let's get a shot of the sky. It's really pretty before the sun sets completely. I think it's probably already set, but almost. The moon is out already. >> Not full, but almost. Hi, Candy. >> Pretty cool. >> Hi, Raine. >> All right, let's go into Once Upon a Stage. No, it's new for the festival. >> It's warmer. >> Yeah, it's warmer. Isn't >> that pretty? The costumes [music] from the Broadway shows. This is Beauty and the Beast, of course. Hi, Teemo Sullivan. [music] >> These are really pretty right here. [music] >> Goodness. >> Oh, that's awesome. Yeah, >> your wife is working at Mickey's meet and greet. That's amazing. Hi, Paul. >> These are pretty, too. >> Uh-huh. Belle from Beauty and the Beast. >> Gorgeous. Gorgeous. >> Hi, Jilly. Oh, are we lagging? Oh, I think we're okay. Hi, Maria Hall. How are you? Hi, Tony. >> [music] >> This is the backstage. [music] [music] >> And this is the uh makeup and hair and things. [music] >> Somebody lost their hair. >> Yeah, somebody lost their hair. This is true. [laughter] [clears throat] >> That is funny. >> Oh, wow. >> Excuse me. [music] This is the Lion King. >> Isn't that cool? [music] >> Yeah. >> Hi, Brad. Dale will be here soon. I got mom and dad with me right now. >> This is really neat. >> Yeah, they did a great job with this. [music] You know, this is where we usually come in with the tables and chairs and stuff and come and sit. Um, let's see. Uh, DJ Andrews at $9.99 says, "Hi, Jenna. Tell your brother Josh stay very warm in New York." And for me, it's going to be cold this week. Please get your mom and dad a cup of coffee, hot chocolate. um to them to you also [music] all me. Thanks. Thanks DJ Andrew. That's very kind. [clears throat] Hope you stay warm as well. All the all the costumes and the puppets and yeah, it's very cool. Thanks DJ Andrew. [music] >> Hi Edwin. [music] This is how the gazels get out [music] and about. >> Isn't that fun? >> Woohoo. Exactly. [music] >> Yeah. It's good to have mom and dad here for sure. [music] We've got um Hercules costumes. And then you've got newsies right here. [music] Of course, Mary Poppins in the back. [music] Aladdin. Little Mermaid and then Lanking and Frozen on the side. [music] >> I love Spinn. He's so cute. [music] >> I don't think they're for sale. >> There's Finn >> from Frozen. >> Yeah. >> And they aren't frozen. >> Yeah. [laughter] >> Not Not in here. It's not It's [music] nice. No, I mean they're not moving. >> Oh, I got you. That makes sense. Okay. I was going with the cold. [laughter] >> They're frozen in time. >> They are frozen in time. There you go. >> Yeah, they did a good job. [music] >> All right, let's go. [music] >> Yeah, me too. Well, let's see. Oh, look at that. Isn't that pretty? [music] We're just stream. >> So pretty. [music] >> I was going to look at the [music] >> wait times. Okay. All right. All right. Um, [music] do you guys want to do either Nemo or the land? They're both pretty [music] short. Okay. What about you guys in the chat? Which one would you rather do, Nemo or the land? Let us know. Hi, Louisa. Dad's getting some pictures. It is very pretty. >> I love that. That kind of looks like two little angel wings. Isn't that cool? >> Here, guys. I'll Yeah, I'll zoom in so you can see it a little bit better. >> Right there. Isn't that neat? See if I can get a picture of it, too. That tree is right in the way. Here we go. Here we go. Oh, there you go. >> Yeah. Isn't that cool? Those look like angel wings right there. Isn't that cool? Yes. >> Let's see. Mom says come over here. Okay. Come over here. >> There. That's better. >> Good job, Mom. All right, I'm getting some pictures here. Hang on, [music] guys. Very cool. All right, let's see what everybody said. Looks like I think Why not do something different? Okay. Like what? Uh the rowdy Texan uh for the Selena playing in the background. Oh, there you go. Perfect. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Looks like the land is winning. Well, we don't have to go on any rides. I'm fine with that, too. [music] We can just go walk around and enjoy cuz they will be here soon. But I thought, why not do a ride, but we don't have to. It's very pretty out. >> No, >> that was pretty good. >> Yeah, that one. >> Did you get one? >> Good. I like it. That's awesome. >> That's pretty good. >> Everybody else is voting. So, [music] >> well, do you want to Which one do you guys want to go on? The land or or Nemo? >> Oh. Oh, which one do you want to go see? Oh, >> I like both. >> You know, you know what? [music] I picked >> the land. >> I'm not I'm going to say >> Yeah, Nemo's shorter. >> Yeah, that's very true. >> Either way, >> because you know if Dale's if Dale's waiting on us. >> Yeah. What's the current year? Well, let's do it >> good either way. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Okay. Yeah. >> Like we haven't been on the radio. >> Exactly. >> Yeah. It is a good one. >> Or we don't even have to go on any rides. I'm fine with that, too. But man, look at all these that they've covered. Oh my goodness. >> Or we could just go in the back and go see the the animals. I always love that, too. >> What? >> The animals, the sea life. >> Yeah, they've done a nice I mean, they've done a good job. >> Thanks, Mr. Carrie Small. that the one. >> Yeah, they did a really good job covering them all up. >> Hi, John. >> Better safe than sorry. >> Yes, definitely better safe than sorry, for sure. Well, let's just walk around then. >> Why not? >> I know. So, this was on um the real one in Broadway for the show Aladdin and they brought it here. Isn't that cool? >> Yeah, that is [music] a big one. >> Yeah, it definitely is. It's pretty large. >> That's really cool. >> Um they're covering them cuz we're going to get a hard freeze. It's going to be really cold here >> starting tomorrow afternoon. It's going to be in the 30s and the cold or actually in the 20s and the cold chill is going to be in the teens. So, yeah. [music] I need to do it. [music] >> Such a pretty night. We should enjoy the >> the night >> the night until you know it's going to get much colder soon. >> So pretty, right? I love it. >> Thanks for uh 1,400 people in the chat. Keep sharing us out. Let everybody know we're live. You can smell the popcorn. Yes, the popcorn stands this way. >> Got a band going over here. Oh, Lalier. Oh, Lalier. Is that how they say it? That's the band that's at Jollywood sometimes. >> Wow. Something. >> Kalier, I think. [music] >> Yeah, Brad. the tonight it's only going to get in the 40s, but then tomorrow tomorrow is when it's going to get really cold and windy. >> No, on the other side. Yeah, [laughter] >> I didn't know. Yeah, >> like they say on >> enough now. >> I know. Just wait. Like they say on um Star Wars, that's not a moon. >> Say what? >> That's not a moon. Um >> October Forever Films $9.99. Thanks for the Friday night stream. You're welcome. Thank you so much for the 999 super chat. We really appreciate that. That's very kind. Very kind. Very sweet. The like button has been bopped. Thank you so much. Let's go. [music] >> Oh yeah. Look at that. They're getting thick. >> Yeah. Oh, we got to watch this. This is the Figment one. I love this one >> from the old Figment. Is >> that cool? >> All right, guys. Enjoy. [music] >> That's cool. [music] >> [music] [music] >> down. [music] [music] [music] >> Oh. >> [music] [music] >> costumes and sets [music] with a brand new show. [music] [bell] >> [music] >> Happy song. [music] I bet I can use that. I can discover all kinds of new things. I call us to unlock. [music] [music] A dream. A dream. A dream come true. That's one smart me and you. Congratulations. [music] We all smart imagination. [music] [music] [music] Imagination. A [music] dream comes true. >> Yay. >> So cool. >> And and look who figment just imagined. >> Imagination. >> Dale. [laughter] >> I'm not a figment of your imagination. >> It's the real Dale. >> I actually am here tonight. >> Dale. [laughter] >> Yes. >> Good timing. Good timing. >> Just on Q. >> Yeah. Just on Q. There's a Dale. Yep. >> Do you guys remember that old school music? >> The old Figment music. >> So good. >> Not the whole ride, but they put some in. Very cute. So cool. >> I love it. Did you bring the dark clouds, [music] too? >> I did. >> I packed those in the back. >> Oh, good job, Dale. Good job. >> Also are not a fake window. >> I guess this way. >> Are those the cold clouds are >> Oh, hi. >> How are you? Good. Say hello. What's your name? >> A thank you. Glad >> to see you. Say hi. >> Yeah. >> Awesome. What are [music] your names? >> Matthew. >> Awesome. Do you want to say hi on the stream or no? [music] >> See you on the stream. >> Up to you. >> Yeah. >> You want to? Yeah. >> So when we get home in about a week's time, we can have a look. >> Sounds good. All right. You said Luke and >> Luke. >> Luke. >> Matthew. >> Matthew. Good to see you guys watching Resort TV. >> Thank you so much. We love all the stuff you do Friday nights and all the others. Uh days when you do your shopping as well. >> Oh, thank you so much. And we also watch the adventures of Jenner and Dale. >> Thank you. >> Adventure is out there. >> Adventure is out there. >> Thank you so much. You guys are so sweet. >> England. England. >> Awesome. Very nice. >> I can hear the action. It's not in Orlando. [laughter] >> Well, you can see you're all wrapped up warm and you know >> you're fine, right? [laughter] >> Yeah. It's It's going to get much colder tomorrow, though. It's going to It's going to drop to the 20s. >> Okay. Maybe a jumper. >> Yep. Yep. >> Any further? >> Sounds good. >> One more. >> One more. Yes. Awesome. Well, nice to meet you guys. Nice conversation. >> I'm glad you did. Thank you guys for doing >> a night. >> Yeah. Enjoy your night. Nice to meet you. Bye, guys. >> Awesome. >> So sweet. I love meet We love meeting hoppers very much. All right. Well, you guys going to head out now that Dale's here. Going [music] to get warm. Mom's ready. >> Scared of me. Anyhow, >> they're scared. Mom's scared of I'm sure mom's scared of you. [laughter] >> Hey, Dale's here. I'm out. >> No. Yes. >> No, it's Dale's here. I got to go. >> You don't like hanging out with your daughter? >> She's like, "Okay, you got the night cold shift. I got the cold [music] shift. You had the warm shift." >> Handles cold. >> It works. [laughter] Yep. >> It's true. It's true. >> No, I was just teasing you. >> I know. >> It was fun until now. >> It was fun. We We enjoyed the sun earlier out. Really did. >> Sat outside. We got a little vitamin C. Yeah, it it seemed like it was perfect temperature just to sit out and about. >> It was >> especially in the sunshine. >> Yeah, >> it was. Traffic was bad for you, right? >> Yeah, it always is on Fridays. >> Y >> happy frigid Friday. Exactly. >> Frigid Friday, right? >> It's actually not bad right now, but it's going to get cold. >> It It depends on >> The wind's down right now >> and how old you are. >> The wind is It's not windy. >> Yeah, that makes huge difference. >> It's going to get windy. >> That makes a big difference. >> Hey, Hoya Mickey. So, um, I told mom, I said, "So, since Dale's here, I guess you're going to leave." "Oh, thank you." And, uh, Dale said, "Yeah, they're scared. I guess they're scared of me." And mom said, "No, it's called cold." >> Warm shifts and cold shifts. That's right. >> At least [music] it's not as cold as other places, like up north or something. >> 100%. >> Oh my goodness. >> Well, thank you for hanging out. It was awesome. >> You got to [music] see the Figment show before you left. >> What's that? >> That was awesome. So good. Yeah. Oh, no. We're good. We don't need the snow in that. We're good. Yeah. Thanks, though. >> We may have some Sunday. >> Oh, I hope not. >> Back in 2010, they did. You know, when we >> Tampa had snow. >> That's right. We had some in T. They had some in Tampa when they were coming down to see us. Yeah, >> I know. >> It was crazy. >> Wait, it wasn't 2010 had the snow. It was when you guys first moved here. 70 something. >> We moved in Oh, 2010. [music] Yeah, we moved in '09. Oh, that's when I thought it was when in the 70s that they had snow. >> Might have been [music] then, too. But in 2010 when everybody came down. >> Oh, okay. Okay, I got you. >> Yeah, it was a picture of the snow on the on the car. >> I mean, when it's when it's below freezing, you can get snow. And we're getting below freezing. So, >> we're going to go home and hibernate for 3 days. >> All right. >> Stay warm, guys. >> Coffee percolating. >> Percolating. >> Hot tea and coffee. >> Go out and make some tea. >> Good job. Good job. >> It's like, you know, where you had to get the bread and the milk and the eggs and coffee. >> Not quite that crazy. >> Coffee [laughter] and tea. >> Y >> All right. Drive safe. >> Love you guys. >> Love you, too. Thank you for hanging out, everybody. >> Yep. >> Have a good night. >> We're going to go around the hand warmers. >> Let us know when you get home. >> The armpits. >> All right. Bye. >> You know that's I forgot about that. >> What was that? >> The hand warmers are called the armpits. as hell. >> It does. Trust me. I love that. >> We got to do that. >> I used to do it when I was younger. Now that I'm old, I didn't think about it. >> Well, that's that's what we [music] got Dale for. He'll remind you. >> Yes. Sounds like a That's a winner. I like it. >> Hey, Sean. >> All right. Love you guys. Be careful. >> Oh, good job on the intro to tonight. That was a good video. >> Yes. Everybody liked Dale's announcement [music] video. >> He did great. >> Yeah, for sure. >> I hijacked it. >> He did. He really did. Watch for the Montreal coming in between. >> Oh, is it coming [music] now? >> In between the things. >> Bye, guys. >> Bye. Love you. Be careful. >> Yay. Love you. >> Dale says the Montreal is coming. All right. I'm waiting. >> Be perfect. It's like a It'll be its own frame. >> I'll zoom in. >> It'll be uh Resort TV1's Festival of the Arts frame. >> Okay. I like this. >> And there it is. >> Good job, Dale. Look at you. >> Look at you. Nice. >> There he goes. >> I zoomed in. Good job. >> Cool. Good job. >> All right. Well, deal. This is your first um here. Let's go this way. Your first >> hearts >> time at We don't like it's called this. Okay. >> It's called the festival. >> Festivals of the arts. Dale. >> And I I I became artistic today. >> Did you? >> See, >> that's called artistic. >> Yeah. Dale's artistic. >> Okay. >> I do like the socks. I'm not going to lie. What? I don't know. >> Okay, we'll go with that. >> Okay, >> I love it. >> Hi, Adrien. Hi, Reena. >> Dale is funny, guys. Look at all this. Um, that looks like snow. >> It does look like snow. >> They're covering it up. >> They're blending in for the weekend. >> Yes, they are. Dale is getting good at this. This is true. So, why don't we head this way? You probably haven't eaten yet, have you? >> What did you eat? >> Nibblets at home. >> Nibiblets. Okay. I made me some the other day some killer tuna salad. So, it goes fantastic with some crackers. >> Well, there you go. Okay. >> A tuna dip. >> Did you get a book >> smoked >> for the festival? >> He sure did. It's a backside a book. [laughter] >> I did. >> Jen says Dale must be have you laughing all the time. All the time. [laughter] He's a character, let me tell you. >> When I get outside of work, I'm like, I can breathe. [laughter] >> Oh my goodness. >> Uh, it is supposed to be cold. Yes, it's going to be in I saw Dale the cold chill factor is going to be in the teens. >> Really? >> It could feel like 14° here. >> So, I should probably cancel my tea time Sunday morning. >> Yes. >> Just kidding. I did not make one for that reason. >> Smart. >> Cuz you're going to freeze coveralls. You're gonna freeze your fingers. >> Look at this. They covered >> wear those when I'm golfing. >> When you're golfing, >> snow boots. >> Snow boots and coveralls. They're not the most mobile. >> They don't help. They don't help with your swing. >> They're not the most flexible. >> We lived in Tampa back in the '9s. Drove from Boston to Tampa. We arrived on December 28th. It was snowing. Oh my goodness. >> That artwork. I like that. It's nice. I know. >> It's big. And >> it's pretty, isn't it? You want to go look at it? >> Yeah. And it pops. >> Go check it out. >> Pops out at you. I know. The sky is gorgeous, isn't it? >> And they did the perfect thing making it on a white background so the colors all pop. >> Yeah. Yeah, they did. All right, here we go. I love the Pluto one. And actually, Donald is happy. I love when Donald's happy. >> Mickey Minnie's Runaway Railway ride. >> Hang on. We're going to look at these first. >> Okay, >> just watched the announcement. Nailed it, Dale. [laughter] >> It is ridiculously cold, especially for Florida. Yeah, right now it's not bad. >> That's a great great piece of Donald and Pluto. >> I know. I loved >> those are awesome. >> Like the splatter effect and everything on there. >> My wife and I missed you guys last Friday at Hollywood. We left and park hopped to Epcot to see Luminous, but we did get to see Tony Baxter. Oh, amazing. >> Well, Dale and I were celebrating his birthday last weekend, but Josh was at Hollywood with mom and dad. That is cute. >> Looks like Mickey Minnie's runaway at the beginning when they're just cruising out the pre-show. It sure does. That's adorable. >> When they go kaput. >> Kaput. There's Figgy. >> How busy do you think the end of February will be? >> Um, it'll start getting busier for sure. Look at the plane. >> Didn't I get you a plane with Mickey and Minnie in it once? >> I'm not sure. I don't think so. >> I thought I did. Okay, maybe not. >> Oh, this one. He's a little mad. >> That's what I looked like this morning. >> Oh, no. Monday mornings. I mean, >> look at the stitchy ones. >> Mondays. >> Mondays. Exactly. >> It's like a um >> photo booth with all the stitches. >> That is cool. [music] >> Love it. >> Oh, these are by Tony Baxter. >> Oh. >> Oh, cool. >> Feed the [music] birds. Yeah. Or maybe over here you can see. No, these aren't Tony Baxter. Okay, never mind. >> All right. There's a chip and nails. >> Where? Oh, cute. I love all of these. >> I know. Those are all good. >> How much are [clears throat] these? >> Yeah, Benjamin. I heard that, too. It's so sad. >> Um, Katherine O'Hara. >> Katherine O'Hara passed away today. Katherine O'Hara. You know, she's from Home Alone. She was a mom. >> Oh, really? [music] Oh my word. >> 71. This is adorable. really cute. >> Did you ever go on Stitch's Grace Ecape? Yes, I did. >> I remember that. >> And he burped in your face [laughter] >> like once or twice. >> Uhhuh. I wasn't as big of a Stitch fan back then cuz we didn't have Chloe. I love Stitch because he reminds me of Chloe. Um just the facial expressions cuz otherwise Chloe was nothing like Stitch because Stitch was naughty. Chloe was never naughty very often. >> Like I could probably count on maybe one or two fingers if she was naughty. Yeah. >> And I She never chewed up anything except for one blanket. She chewed a hole in. That's it. >> I still have that. >> Oh, yeah. >> It's the one on the chair. >> I love that. No, I thought it was a tan one. >> Oh. Oh, it was the tan one, but we had the red one and tan one. They're the same. We got the same time. >> Yeah. >> Let's check the chocolate. >> The chocolate art. Yeah, let's do it. >> That's a face I made. Plus add in all the symbols that pop up when Donald freaks out [laughter] while clearing the snow. Oh, here we go. What we got? We got the snake from Zootopia. >> Cute. My shadow's in the way here. [music] And then we've got this guy from Zootopia. I forget what like what is he? I forget. He's cute though. >> [music] >> Then we've got a a deer. Oh, dear. Oh, it's Bambi. Third Bambi. [music] >> Oh, Gary to Snake. Okay. And this is Jungle Book. >> So fun, >> man. It's so impressive. >> I know with chalk. Like I can barely [music] draw a circle. >> I got a tough time spelling my name. >> Oh. Um, and then let's go on to the other side first and then we'll go [music] back. Um, Josh sent a PayPal. Jeff Smith sent a $50 super chat. There's no message, but thank you so much to Jeff Smith. That is so very kind. >> Thank you. Thank you, Jeff. Very sweet. We really appreciate it. >> Oh, here we go. We got Mushu over here. He's so cute. >> He's eating his uh ramen over here. >> Yeah. Thanks for joining us tonight. Look at that reflection. Isn't that pretty? >> And you can tell by the water there's like no wind at all. >> Yeah, it's not windy, which is great tonight. [music] >> It is. >> Normally Epcot's pretty windy. >> It is. >> We have Mulan. Let me move out of the way. There we go. >> Oh, there's a spider on her face. >> There is. Oh, there is. >> [music] >> Oh, that's cool. >> We got Yeah, we got Space Mountain here. And this is Anna, I think. Is that Anna? Looks like it. >> Yep. >> One of the girls. >> Yeah. >> All right, let's go back this way cuz then we got more >> shaving they did on that. >> I know. It's crazy, isn't it? >> Very talented [music] people. And we have more down here. Oh, Groot. He's so cute. >> Here's Groot. Groot. >> I am group. >> That was awesome. >> We have Dumbo. [music] >> I don't know how many artists do the chalk drawing. Oh my goodness. Look, it's Wall-E and Eva. So cute. [music] >> And then we've got um is it embarrassment? I think from >> Inside Out. >> Sorry, Sean. I missed it. What' you say? >> Let's go see the 3D. >> He was working on it today when I was walking in or while I was walking back here. I saw him. So, I don't know if it's done. We're going [music] to find out. Let's see. >> Nope. Not done. >> He's still working on it. >> No. Yep. [music] >> Look at how bright and red. >> I know. Isn't that crazy? >> That is crazy. >> The last time I was here, which was Sunday, so not even a week ago, they had Toy Story characters. Oh, really? >> Yeah. >> Watching from Watertown, New York. Hello. 333 last night. Okay, that's cold. >> Goodness. No, thank you. [music] >> Is that real temp or feels like temp? All right, deal. Since you've not been here yet, which way do you want to go? Left or right? >> Uh, >> I guess left. >> It's going to be crazy cuz I know you always like left. I was going to go right. But, >> well, if we're going to go back to the resorts, but you decide if you want to go. Are you sure? I did say you could decide. >> It is the most efficient way. >> Okay. >> And I do like efficiency. >> I know you do. [laughter] This I know. >> So pretty. >> All right, here we go. Thank you. >> So Dale wants to do the fun little thing where you guys help decide what we're going to try at the boots. >> Yes. Let's go in the light cuz it's only >> No, don't go to the light. >> Don't go to the light. It's a train. [laughter] >> That's funny. Let's see if we can find some light. Or we can go in the shop and get some light. >> Okay. >> See what I did there? Oh my word. Look, Figma and Mickey. I love this. Check it. That is so cute. [music] >> Left is the only correct answer. I mean, that's the way I normally go. I'm not going to lie. These are fun. >> Oh, wow. That's cool with the black and white. And then >> Yeah. And then the characters fall in line with Walt. >> That is fantastic. Oh, Chip and Dale. >> Yeah. On his shoulders. It's It's the good one or the bad one. See? >> So fun. >> Amazing. >> I love it. Love it. Oh my goodness, Dale. I love this one. >> It's all the Disney doggies. >> Oh, that is It's similar to what I have for Chloe's placement. >> Oh, you're right. >> Look, I found a hidden Mickey on a spot down there. >> Oh, yep. and Mickey with the golf. >> That's adorable. >> I can go with you to the tent to check out. >> That's what I look like on the course. >> Is it actually sold the other one? >> Good to the bones. >> A that cute in a kitchen. >> Oh, this is cool. >> That's his car. >> That's his train, you know, that we went to in >> Yeah. In the park. >> In the park. Yeah. Griffith Park, >> I think. I think so too. >> That was me coming here in the traffic. >> This is you every time you die. >> A look at Gus, guys. >> All right. Yeah. Oh, you're right. It is the same one cuz they have those. >> All right. >> Do you want to go in the shop so we have better light or where you want to go? >> Uh, sure. >> Okay. We got to play >> Frogger. one of the active page >> or you just want to [music] shop would be easier I guess. Oh, okay. >> One or the other. I got to be able to see. >> All right. So, guys, you're going to help us try out some [music] food here. So, Dale's going to pick Paige's numbers, right? >> Yep. >> And then what? After that, then what are you going to have him do? >> Then I'm going to have >> Sorry, Sean. I'm a little busy here, you know, walking around talking. [laughter] >> [music] >> Trying not to run into people's >> Hey, Blue [music] Nose, how are you? Oh, here we go. Dale said, "I can barely spell my name." My reply was M Y N A M E. Okay, I got you. I got you now. [laughter] >> Okay. >> Okay. What? >> Okay. Dale's going to explain [music] this. >> So, There's a group of pages here. [music] >> Is that called a bloat? Oh, wait. No, that's hippos. That's a group of hippos. That's me being [music] funny. >> Ching. Uh, >> page 13. >> A group of pages is called a book. [laughter] >> Yeah, there we go. 13 through [music] 33. >> Okay. So, >> so pick a number between >> pick a number between 13 and 33. We'll do that first. >> Okay. >> So, everybody Well, start pick a number. Then I'm going to pick >> Well, if how they're going to pick a number >> 13233. >> Okay. >> Okay. And then [music] >> but >> we then have >> What if they all pick different numbers? [laughter] >> Okay. >> Then we'll pick the the seventh person in the chat cuz seventh is your favorite number. And we'll go with that page number. >> Ah. >> So they've already started posting page numbers. >> Okay. There's one. >> That's the first [music] one. Okay. >> Yep. >> Two. >> Two. Hey Brett, how are you? >> Three, >> four, >> four, five, six, and the next one. >> We got seven. >> Seven. >> Bonnie. Page 15 from Bonnie. All right. So, Dale's going to go to page 15. >> So, I got page 15. >> Okay. Thanks for posting, guys. >> It's Pop Eats. And they only have two things. >> Oh, I've been there. I actually tried that one. The very first two food items. They only have two food items. So, pick one or two. >> And whichever has the most, >> whichever looks like it has the most will go with that one. >> Pick one or two, guys. >> Number one or two. >> Put them in the chat. One or two. I tried that on opening day, so I'll let you get it. >> All right, guys. Here we go. See what Dale's going to eat tonight. >> See what the consensus is here at the Pop Eats booth. >> All right. We got a two. We got a two. Another two. [music] So far, two is a winning. Two is definitely winning. $5 from JFL. Uh JFL. [music] RIP. Catherine O'Hara. We lost the Home Alone Mother and Battle Juice Star today. Yes, we did. Beetlejuice if that is what [music] you meant. Thanks, JFL. >> So, there's another two. If we get five more twos before we get five ones, then Oh, yeah. Two it is. >> Two. One. All right. What's two, Dale? >> Two is this. Check it out. >> Looks like croquet manur. >> Crank manure. >> Kron manure inspired grilled cheese. >> They saw me eat it, too. >> Oh. >> So, do [music] you want to try something different since they already see me eat it >> last week? >> Uh, opening day. [music] >> Well, >> if you want if you want to get it, that's fine. >> Yeah. >> I guess they voted for it. >> That that's it. >> Okay. >> Okay. Poppy, >> we get to see Dale try it. >> Yeah, it sounds good. >> It's delicious. already tell you this. >> Yes. >> And I guess we could try. >> It's that way. >> Okay. >> Try another one for a drink. >> All right. >> Maybe. Maybe not. >> Don't say two more times. All right. Two. Two. Two. [laughter] >> I did it three times. >> Oh, hi. >> Yes, of course. >> So, I have to tell you, we're here from Omaha this year. And I have to shout out to some of my friends in Omaha. Okay, we want to say hi to Al and Kim and Ethan and >> let's say hi to our buddy. [laughter] >> Say hi to our puppy. >> I love that. >> Nice to see you. >> Very avid watchers of you guys. And here we are. >> Nice to meet you. Chasing you down. >> I love that. Oh, I'm glad you did. Of course. Thanks for watching. Have a good night. >> All right. Here we go, guys. We're gonna get Dale's >> pop. >> Yummies. >> All right. What if I have them vote for for something for me? >> Okay. >> And what if it ends up being a popcorn bucket? [laughter] >> This is for dinner. You got to do it for fun in the book. >> I mean, there's popcorn in it. [laughter] >> If they pick it in the book. >> Okay. >> Pages 13. I'm trying not to I'm trying I'm trying to watch my my sweets intake. >> Oh, those are cute. >> But I can get something small, I guess. We'll see. We'll see. Oh my word. Look at the copy bar. >> It's a copy bear. >> Oh, that's cool. >> Or copy barrel. How are you say >> different artwork? >> You've seen these? Yeah. >> Over here. I always love his artwork. the doggy. >> You second that vote. Okay, I love it. >> Notice Dale didn't laugh. I know, right? Just saying. Popcorn. >> Don't put a damper on the stream, >> Dale. It wouldn't be a damper. It would be fun. >> You just don't know what fun is. >> I doubt [laughter] you're correct. >> Oh, look at the little turtle. Oh my goodness. >> That's so cute. The seahorse is like really really stands out. >> Jenna, tell us the page you need for the popcorn bucket. Okay. >> He's not going to give it to me. >> Oh, look at the pig. I love pigs. >> 21. >> He won't give it to me, guys. He's lying. >> Don't worry. I know how to get a book myself. >> I'll get you a wasabi IPA. >> This doesn't even sound good. No, it really doesn't. Um, Mike8 NYC $5 says, "Get whatever you Dale would like either from the pages or for yourselves." Thanks, Mike. That's so kind. >> It's over here, right? >> Oh, yeah. We can go around either way. It doesn't matter. Thank you so much, Mike. That's very kind. >> Very nice. >> Very sweet. >> Very nice. >> He didn't deny the bucket. This is true. Also, hi, Joey's World. I saw Joey's best bud is here as well. What? It's a long line. >> Hopefully that's not Poppy. >> It is. >> It is. Okay. We may need to pick another page. >> Pick another page. Hello, old Mr. Young. >> That's crazy. >> All right. >> All right. We're picking up We're picking Especially since I've already tried it for you guys. >> Okay. So, we're doing this again. 13 through3. >> All right. >> Whoops. Wait. Hang on. We got $10 from Daryl and Victoria. Oh. >> Um, we were at Epcot earlier today, but couldn't stay late enough to see you all this evening. Have a great night and stay warm. By the way, Dale, we love the socks. >> Perfect. [laughter] >> Hey, friends. >> Sorry we missed you guys, but hope you had fun. >> Y did. >> Thanks, Darl and Victoria. Yeah, they're so sweet. >> Yes. >> All right, Dale. Here we go. >> And it doesn't. And I'll decide which one it is. >> It won't be seven this time. >> It won't be seven. Okay. So, pick another number. 13 >> through 33. >> 33. >> And not the one we did last. [laughter] >> Okay. >> Cuz that was Pop Eats. >> Well, was it? I >> Oh, 15. It was 15. Yeah. >> So, don't pick 15. >> No, 15. 15 is out of the >> Hi, T-ird. >> out of the questions. >> All right, they're already guessing. >> How many we have? >> Well, what number do you have? >> Uh, 13. My favorite number. >> So, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 >> 10 11 12 13. Number 20. >> Olivia Run Disney. >> All right. Olivia Run Disney. Number 20. >> Number 20 it is. >> Oh, my age. I like that. 27. Ooh, vibrant bido. >> Okay. >> Okay. It's between France and Morocco. >> There's three options here. >> Those are beverages. >> I know. I was just seeing I may need to get a beverage there, too, while I'm there. I'm just checking. >> All right. So, >> so one, two, or three. >> We'll see who wins. One, two, or three. >> Okay, just kidding. One or two. I'm not doing a cheesecake. >> You're not doing cheesecake. >> That's not dinner. >> One or two. One or two. one or two. >> Well, as they're voting, let's let's walk. We go this way cuz it's going to be if you're going to that booth, it's going to be over this way. >> All right. So, one or two. One or two. >> There's something I want to try over there, but we'll come back around. >> All right. We've got a one. We got a two. Looks like we're getting more ones so far. Oh, there's some twos. >> Oh, there's some twos. Catching up. >> Maybe we should pull over so I can see. >> A That's so sweet. Michelle [music] got the twos. >> What do you think? So, >> how many you twos did you count? >> 16. >> I got 17 ones. >> Okay. So, okay. >> So, number one. >> Number one. >> Charizo. Charizo and potato and panata. Fantastic. >> Oo. All right. >> With turmeric aiolian and anata aioli. >> That equals popcorn bucket. I get it. Okay. Cool. Love it. >> That's [laughter] pretty funny. You people. >> You people. >> Oh my goodness. New hoppers. >> Oh my goodness. Goodness. [music] Goodness. All right, guys. Here we go. We're going to head over to this, >> huh? You're excited. Awesome. >> Hi, Roxan. >> Good pick. >> Good. Good pick. Pick. Pick. They did a good >> They did real good. Conor got >> They have yummies. Oh, they have the risoto. That's always good. The mushroom resort. Risoto. >> This is the colorful cuisine. >> Okay. All right. >> I got the maple popcorn for dad and I today. Mom had some too cuz there was there was no line. >> Look at the line now. >> Goodness. >> I'm like, "Oh, no line." Sure. >> They are pumping out. >> Smells so good. Wish we had smellvision. >> Cardboard boxes. Potato empanada. What in the Irish is going on in Epcot? >> Nia, hello. Those empanadas are amazing. I had them last year. It was one of my favorite foods from the festival. >> All right, let's see. >> See what Dale says. I know. We do like empanadas. If they're not spicy. Well, let me rephrase that. I don't like spicy. Dale loves it. Good evening. Good evening, Lee. How are you tonight? Happy Friday. Looks like >> they're going on a show. >> That I think so. >> It's not as cold as I was expecting tonight. >> No, it's >> however good right now. >> I also have one more layer just in case. And a hat. >> I'm ready for tomorrow. Hi, Dining at Disney. Hi, David. Hey, Fetchnuts and Popsicles. How are you tonight? Welcome in. really appreciate you guys [music] joining us for Friday Night Live. It's fun when Dale gets to join. He doesn't get to join very often because of work, but tonight worked out. >> Yeah, it works. [laughter] >> So fun. Oh, this is um >> Oh, no, it's not. I thought it was Thomas Concincaid. Let's go look at these. >> BL uh Blancota Studios. Okay, >> look at the stitch one. Oh my goodness. >> So pretty. >> That definitely looks like Kade. >> It does. Yeah, it does have a little Thomas Concaidish >> blend. >> Look, Blancod. >> That's who I thought it was at first. >> Oh, look at this. Ooh, I like marshmallow. >> Oh, that's cool. >> Oh, Nia says, "I might find it a little spicy." Okay, >> check out the frozen painting. >> Oh, that's really pretty. Yeah, >> I love that. Thank you. >> What? Spven, I know. Isn't it cute? >> Ooh, there's the horse with the two rear ends. [music] >> And Olaf is throwing snowballs. >> And there's no Hans in the painting. >> Oh, you're right. >> Who cares? >> Yeah, it's true. He's a villain. >> Anna might have punched him right out of the painting. >> There you go. >> You're out of there. >> I actually saw some kind of like science study song did out that scene. Apparently, unless you're super mega strong, you can't punch someone off a boat, even if they were wobbly at the edge. >> Oh, >> which means she's >> super strong. >> Well, she was bored in the castle. Why can't she? >> Good point. Good point. >> All right. >> I know. Have you ever seen that movie? Oh my goodness. >> So sad. Makes me cry. >> Way younger, obviously. Yeah. >> Way, way, way. >> Love the stitchy painting. Hi, Amy. How are you? It is very pretty. Oh, here he is. >> But he had a shave. >> Oh, >> he didn't have beard northern. >> I was like, what? >> Offro. >> All right. Oh, speaking of popcorn buckers, cuz I know we were talking about that. We're going to get runed over. where I'm going right behind Dale. It got really busy all of a sudden. Um, speaking of amazing popcorn buckets, Dale, we got to go to Disneyland. >> Oh, >> they're getting a new popcorn bucket and I need it. >> Okay. >> It's the Mickey's Fun Wheel and it actually lights up and they have little fun wheel like cars on it and it moves. >> I know. >> Incredible. >> Brit, I might have you to do a pickup for me if I can't get to Disneyland. >> I'm sure it'll be on eBay. No, I don't want to buy on eBay. >> No, no, no. Look at this. All covered. They're ready. >> Look at that. They got the >> They are ready. That's a lot of work. >> Oh my goodness. And it's all over the resort. At the hotels, the resorts, at the parks, in between the parks. Yeah, it's everywhere. They've done a great job. We have two little >> Brett says, "Roger >> avocado saplings. I had to put a five gallon bucket over." >> Yeah. Dale's been growing. Well, we've already grown what? Three trees. We've done three. >> Three avocado trees from a pit. >> Yes. I I gave one We have two in the back. >> We gave one to friends. >> We gave one to friends. [music] One is actually producing >> We've gotten some avoc Yeah, we got some avocados and they're the Florida avocados, so they're huge. >> And so when it starts really producing, we're going to have a lot of avoc avocados. And uh expert tip, even with the small avocados, if you get >> That's true, Tim. >> What's that? >> Tim says, "I do the popcorn bucket delivery." That's what happened last time. Britt bought it [music] and then Tim brought it back to me. [laughter] >> The Doug popcorn bucket. >> Oh, I got you. >> And hi, Tim. >> All right. So, what we >> So, with the with the avocados, what I do because they don't last long once you cut them up, >> I cut them up in like little chunks, >> tiny little chunks, >> and freeze them. And then I put them on a cookie sheet. >> Yep. >> Put them in the freezer >> so they don't uh let them freeze so they're not sticking together. Yep. >> Then put them in a ziplocky bag. >> It's perfect. And then we can take them out >> or put in the microwave for just a little bit. >> Um and that way it lasts so long. >> Disneyland Resort is looking good to be modifying things in Galaxy's Edge to include some of the original [music] trilogy. That's right, Sean. $5 from Mike 88 NYC. He says extra for the bucket. A thank you Mike. That's so sweet. That is very kind. Happy Friday. Uh hey Jenna and everyone from Atlanta. Hello. Hi Jake. Jake. [music] Sorry guys. I'm behind on chat here. >> I love avocados. Yeah. Me too. Jilly. Me too. All right. So I think Dale's booth is right there between France and Morocco. >> Fantastic. Man, I had to park in the back 40. >> Oh, really? I knew when I came in today, I was like, "Holy moly, it's packed." [laughter] [music] >> I knew it probably would be >> and I forgot. It was a nice day. >> Oh, no. >> But I know it's like the third or fourth one in the back. >> Okay, >> we'll wing it. >> We'll wing it. >> That guy honking the horn. [laughter] >> Yeah, there's Dale. >> Oh my goodness gracious. >> All right, here we go. We're going to make our way this way. >> Snug. >> Yeah, it really is. >> A snuggy stuff. >> What? >> They're like watching something in the >> in what? >> In that camera. But we did our pictures for our uh our cool pictures for that one year. >> I think they were just looking at it like we do. >> Somebody else had sound cuz there was like noises and >> Oh, really? >> stuff happening. >> Noises and stuff. >> Noises and stuff. I got avocados. I get avocados every few days. Awesome. >> Okay, this line is long and then I'll just stay in it and you can take them elsewhere. >> Yeah, I'll just walk them around. It's fine. >> Show them some art. >> Looks like there's >> Oh, there is some people. Holy moly. >> All righty then. >> Well, that's fine. You can get it. I'll walk them around some. >> Oh my word. Yeah, unless you don't want to, but >> it's right here. >> All right, I got my phone. >> Got my bag. Okay. >> All right, guys. He's going to wait in that line here. I'll show you the menu, actually. Let's see. So, you can see in the world. This is what Dale's getting. Borizo and potato and panada. I got outside. >> There's a spicy soup and a passion fruit filled mango cheesecake with coconut pineapple cake, dragon fruit and dragon fruit strawberry sauce. If it was made out of coconut milk, I would totally get it. >> But it's not layered berry panina cola smoothie. M. That sounds good. They have a non-alcoholic alcoholic version. Is Josh in the chat >> Josh? I missed it. >> Hi Josh. Oh, here we go. Current temp on Ling Island -10 feels like zero. Liam has learned what cold feels like. I Yeah, that's for sure. Josh, you guys stay warm. Do you see what we're going to be while you're gone though? It's going to be crazy. Oh, here's the one. The Duffy one Tony was telling me about. Here's Duffy. It's all the bears. >> So, yeah. >> I think there's two other ones over there. >> Are they both together? So yeah, Josh, we're going to be um in the 20s, but the wind chill's going to be in the teens, which is crazy. Crazy, I say. [music] A Liam threw snowballs for the first time. I love that. Look at Forky. I like the stitchy one, too. That is so cute. And they do have postcard versions. The postcards are $7.99. The prints, the mini prints are $17.99 and the deluxe prints are 50. So these down here are $49.99. That is so true, Amy. We are definitely not built for this cold. Living with the land is fun. There's Haunted Mansion, Tron, and Mickey Mini Renoy Railway. This one's >> I love the Wall-E one. That's so pretty. [music] I love Wall-E. Excuse me. >> See guys, we're going to go over here. The art booths aren't super busy. Like opening night makes sense, but the food lines are busy. I am from Indiana. That's right, guys. This is your invitation to bop bop bop the like button. Look at Chip and Dale. >> Merida's cute, too. >> Look at the little veggie veggie fruit one. Oh my goodness, that is adorable. >> Well, here you go, Brit. It's for you. It's only $229. Yeah, for sure, Micah. For sure. >> We're expected to get into upper 90s. Oh my goodness, Brett. That is crazy. That's a big difference. >> I love the Muppets Christmas. Super fun. And then we've got the Winnie the Poo. This is Epcot. >> Love this one. >> Watching as we plan our first Disney trip as a family. Actually, Mike and Jack, that's awesome. Love, love, love. Belle is gone. They don't have Belle anymore. They have the other ones, the other princesses. I saw the fat poster I bought when I was there at facility art years ago. Still in the tube. Oh no. >> Love the Ariel one. >> All right, let's go see where Dale's at. I don't want to get too far. Hi, Shauna. Can you say hi Devon? Hi, Devin. >> Hope you're having a good night. All right. Where you at, Dale? See if he's getting closer. [music] I see doggies. Oh, there he is. >> He's still got a little ways to go. Okay. Well, let's go in the uh Morocco pavilion and just walk around a little bit. At one point over the weekend, we're going to be colder than Scotland. That is crazy. That is crazy. Luckily, it doesn't stay for long. That's what I do like about living here. If it does get cold, you know, it's usually if, you know, for the most part, a week or less. So, I like that. And this time it's the coldest is going to be Saturday, Sunday, Monday, and then it's supposed to start warming up. I think by Wednesday it's supposed to be back up to 70 something, >> but still going to dip down into the 40s at night. So, >> we're not out of the cold yet. Thanks for 2100 people in the chat. Make sure you bop the like button and subscribe if you're new. And if you guys missed Dale's announcement video, go check it out. Also, on Adventures of Jenna and Dale, we posted a new video, too. Actually, Dale posted one from a winery that we went to, so check that video out. He did a great job. He filmed and edited that one. And then I posted um a video from Dale's birthday over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. >> So go subscribe and go check out those videos. Um and then Josh has Retro TV1 tech. If you haven't subscribed over there, go subscribe as well. It is crazy bananas, Kristen, for sure. I know 100% Joey's World. That's funny. [laughter] And then right here on this channel, um, first of all, I was live on Wednesday if you missed the stream from Animal Kingdom. Second, I put out a vlog right after the stream from the Disney Character Warehouse. So, if you guys missed that, go back and check it out. A lot of cool things going on on both channels. Um, no vlogs this weekend for me. I went ahead and posted it on a Wednesday instead of holding it till later because with the character warehouse, I don't like holding on to it too long cuz then it's old news, you know. So, thank you so much, old Mr. Young Dude. We had so much fun. Yes, this is where the Lorana um lounge is. So, you can go in there and trade your Lorana cards. Super fun.6 in Connecticut this morning. Looking forward to the heatwave. Temperature Oops. Temperatures in the 20s. Wow. All right. So pretty in here. Thanks, Apple dude. That's so kind. [music] Got a boo up here. In every country, they have a painting of some sort. And this is the one in Morocco. And it's a boo from Aladdin. Um I haven't traded since well what was it the day I was here like a what almost two weeks ago with um Ivone her and I traded a card but and then the night with Josh on opening night I traded a card on the board back there and the lounge but other than that nope I haven't traded I got to bring them back. I got to find something to hold them in so that they don't get, you know, ruined and then bring them back and trade them some more. It was fun. It's fun to see what cards you get. Oh, sounds like they got something going on with these cards. Fusion. >> Look, you can buy Lana cards here. That makes sense. Got packs. How much are these? >> It does not. Oh, $5.99. Oh, wow. Okay. So, for a small pack, they're only $5.99. >> I wonder if you get a discount on these. Looks like they've got Bolt, Mirabel, and the Mad Hatter. Oh, that's fun. Okay, [music] this is a pretty Jasmine shirt. >> [music] >> Nope. I won't be live anymore this weekend. Sorry, guys. But I will be live on Monday. >> I have some friends in town, so I'm going to be hanging out with them. And then Dale and I have something planned tomorrow. No lives this weekend. >> You can go back and watch the old ones or the vlogs that you've missed. That always does help. You've already sort of like [music] >> All right, let's go check where Dale's at now. >> No, Tony, they were out of them by the time we got here. >> All gone. You pretty much have to get them in the morning. Um otherwise, yeah, they they stop handing them out at a certain time. If you're not here in the morning, you probably won't get one, unfortunately. Um but definitely check out one of our awesome sponsors. We have mickeyras.com. Mickeys.com. They will help you book your trip right here to Walt Disney World. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book the trip yourself. They help you plan for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com. Also, go to mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. All right. Dale, Dale, Dale. >> Hi, Robert Warner. All right. Oh, good. Good timing. I see him. I'm going to go grab a table over here. There's a really good. >> Tell them Where'd he go? I just missed him. Oh, >> Dale. Dale. Dale. the liquid merch store. That's right, Tim. That's right. >> Oh, thanks, Robert. All right, here he is. And luckily, I can light you up. Bam. >> Oh, look at that. Fancy. Look at that thing. That thing looks amazing. >> Nice. Nice. It looks spicy. Did you get napkins? >> I did not. I mean, I did. >> Oh, okay. >> Just kidding. And what's this other extra item that you got on the side? >> This is They almost like forced me to get it. >> Uh-huh. Okay. No, it's a guava blonde ale or something like that. >> Guava. I love guava. >> Maybe not. >> Yep. >> It is Meredith 100%. >> Guava dream blonde. >> This looks like a nice This is a nice portion. >> Mhm. >> This is like a good buy. I think >> it is a good buy. How much was it? >> Uh I don't know. >> Good evening, Jedi Master. >> Oh, yeah. They don't put the prices on here, do they? >> No, they're on the board, but it's fine. You know, it's fine. >> Recipe >> liquid merch. Tim says, the recipe. >> $6.79. >> All right. [music] $6.79 for that guy right there. >> Mhm. >> All right. >> See what he see what he thinks. Going to give it a go. >> We got to go this side. This side's got more of the stuff on it. >> He is the pump putt putt champion. However, one time I did beat him. Where Where were we playing? >> Winter Summer. >> Yes, that was it. >> Winterland. >> Winter Summerland. >> Oh, that's amazing. >> Is it good? >> Oh my goodness. >> What's inside of it? >> Spicy >> pork chicken. Or did it was it not meat? >> Chariz. >> Okay. I don't know what that is. >> I don't know. >> Oh, no. It was like potato, right? >> Oh, potato something. >> Potato land. Potato land. Good job. [clears throat] >> Charizo and potato and banana. Turmeric. Turmeric aioli and aol. >> No. 6.95 for this. I don't know how much the beer was. >> Yeah. Beer was six bucks. >> Okay. >> This is fantastic. >> Not for me, but you like it. >> Oh my goodness. >> Hi, Selena. How are you? >> All right. Good pick. Good pick. Yay. Mhm. Dale says Mhm. I already shown him all the art and all the things. Okay. >> Yeah. >> Good evening, Charles. Hi, Taylor's World. >> Hot. Spicy or hot? Hot temperature. >> Both. >> Both. He says >> that is yummy. If you like a little spice, I recommend this. >> Okay. >> That is a nice portion, too. >> There you go. Especially if your u significant other doesn't like [music] spicy, you can have it all to yourself. >> You totally can. >> No spices for me. >> Potato like mom's magic spell. That's right. >> Mhm. >> Good afternoon, Jamie. >> We're getting close to 800 likes. >> That is good. >> Deal approves. >> Mhm. >> Great job. >> Nia said it was her favorite thing. >> Mhm. >> Can you see why? >> Mhm. >> All right. Cool. Me and me are on the same wave wavelength. >> Yeah. >> Mhm. >> Awesome. >> That is fantastic. >> Good deal. >> Oh, Corizo is pork sausage. Good to know. Thanks, Eagle Six. I did not know this. >> Oh my goodness. I have another, please. >> The nice thing is Dale is a quick eater, unlike me. Hi, Susan. Happy Friday night. >> Okay. >> Are you guys going to the Yacht and Beach Club? We are. >> That's fantastic. We're going to make our way around the >> peppers are the best fruit pickers. >> Yes. Around the world showcased first and then >> I probably would have never picked that up. >> Really? Well, >> because >> There you go. No, >> it's not something you normally would get. >> Well, maybe the empanada part of it would have I actually expected about half of that size. >> Really? >> Yep. >> Well, good. >> Hi, Colleen. >> Pleasantly surprised. >> Nice. You'll be here in two weeks. That's exciting. Good deal. That's all right. >> I thought I'd grab it while he gone. >> All right. >> And the guava bruski is perfect. >> Can you taste the guava? >> I'm not actually sure what >> I need. >> I think I that's what it is. But I don't know. >> You don't know what guava is? >> I couldn't put guava in a lineup in a taste test >> in a lineup >> and say this is guava. >> I wouldn't know. The only way is would be [music] uh by uh >> Hi >> eliminating it by remembering everything else. >> Okay. I like guava. >> But this is good. >> Well, fantastic. Like you say, >> it is fan [music] Fridaytastic. >> Fan Friday. [music] >> Big big fan. >> [music] [music] >> Thank you. [music] >> How far down did you go? >> Uh, [music] I didn't come past Morocco. >> Okay. >> So, we haven't been here yet. So, do they still do something like uh the um annual pass for back in Morocco? >> No, it's a Lorana lounge right now. >> The cards, the trading cards. >> It's open, but it's for that. >> Oh my goodness. This is adorable. Look at that Valentiny one. >> That cute hats. It >> It is good. I agree. A That is so cute. Oh, this is Jared. Oh, I love his artwork. This one's fun >> every year. I just love this. There's so many [music] different varieties of how artists visualize business. >> Totally. This one's usually my favorite cuz it looks like little plushies sitting on your um shelf. They even added Stitchy. And look who's next to Stitchy and Dal. Isn't >> that cute? >> I love Jimmy Crickets. >> Yep. Jimmy Cricket's there, too. [music] >> Look at this one. Tim W. I like that one, too. [music] >> Oh, I love that one. >> Watching the electrical parade. >> That is so cool. >> Oh, I can smell the ball. >> Oh, you can. [music] >> Oh, this one's from Runaway Railway. Just a second. >> [music] >> This one's cool. I like this one. It's like a seed black. Time to order a popcorn bucket. I love this idea, Darl. I love it. We'll go order the popcorn bucket. Your credit card just closed to size. That is hilarious. >> Here is the runway. Tim's credit card just close his eyes. >> Uh-huh. >> No purchasing. He says, >> "You know you need it, Tim. >> You know you do. >> What you do to do to me, you know you need it." >> Oh, I love Lady in the That's so cute. >> Reminds me more of Disneyland. Like the haunted mansion Disneyland. >> Yeah, it's the house from Lady in the >> Oh, okay. >> But yeah, um I would say it looks kind of like that or the one from um Disneyland Paris. >> Oh, that was very vibrant. >> Very pretty. I got this in a postcard >> cuz it looks like mom, dad, and me and the Hi, how are you? We just wanted to say um click the like button. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Come over here. Do you want to say it? You want to be >> Yeah, sure. >> Yeah. Okay. >> All right. Go ahead. >> Hey, bomb that like button. Subscribe to see more and ring that bell. >> Awesome. What are your names? >> I'm Jerry and this is Travis. >> Awesome. >> Second time to meet you. >> Oh, good to see you guys again. >> Uh Studios. >> Oh, I remember. Yeah. Yeah. >> Preandemic. [music] >> Okay. So, a while ago. Wow. [laughter] That's awesome. >> I'm too much guard in the chat. Too much garden. Okay. >> Say too much. >> No worries. All good. >> Too much gardening. Too much too much garden. >> Too much garden. Love it. That's awesome. Good to see you, too. Enjoy your night. >> You, too. Um, yeah. This was one I thought reminded me of mom, dad, me, Josh, and our brother. >> There's two boys and a girl. >> That's cool. >> Adorable. >> Oh, the Nautilus painting Tim wants. Okay. All right. Love the music. >> Um, so much talent. The pictures are all amazing. I know, right? >> Watch out for falling iguanas. >> That's so true. We We You need a much bigger house for all of the on all all the art on the ceiling. >> Oh, on the ceiling. There you go. >> You hit the send button. Oh, that's fine. Hit the send button. Wait, what are we sending? sending it to somebody else to watch. I like that plan. >> So, we don't usually have iguanas here. You have to go more south to have those iguanas falling from trees. Ours are ours are really little um >> lizards and they don't really go in the trees. I mean, they do, but when it's cold, I think they go underground. >> I do. Yep. I think they go underground >> cuz you don't see them unless it's warm outside. And I just uh basically sprayed bug barrier around the house the other day because I also noticed when it's cold outside we get more insects inside. >> Oh, so true. They're cold too. >> Yeah, they're like, "Ah, let me warm." >> My question is when the times can at Disney World it be okay to with or without the time? Wait, what? I'm sorry. I'm I'm not I'm not understanding. If you can repost, I will hopefully be able to answer it for you. All right. >> That's right. Right here. >> Right here. It's way over here though. We got to go ways. >> Yep. >> You know what's America got this year? >> Uh, no. They're not little purple skinks. They're They are usually brown. They're brown sometime. I mean, if they're in with the green, you know, green leaves or green grass. Sometimes they can turn green, but most of the time they're brown. Hello from Los Angeles. [music] Oh, you're going to go to Hogsme. That's awesome. Hi, Katie. I got to get you guys back to Universal soon. >> Steakhouse lobster Caesar salad at America. >> Peppercorn crusted strip. >> Katie, I'm so sorry. Had to put her dog down today. Her name was Fiona and she's 13 years old. A >> We are so sad. >> So so sorry. Guys, post some hearts >> and some prayers in the chat for Katie and her family. We We know the feeling. Well, a lot of people do. Yep. So, so sorry. >> Oh my goodness. Sorry you had to go through this. >> Let's see. All right. What does Dale think about covering the outdoor faucet valves? Um, my dad was telling me here on the news that, yeah, you probably should the outdoor faucet one, especially cuz it's it's getting very cold this weekend. Not just 30s cold. >> Our outdoor faucet. >> Yeah. enough like the faucets are enough inside the house, but there's a couple water lines that are like exposed. >> Uhhuh. >> Then those Yeah, I'll probably wrap with >> Okay. Okay. >> Or sometimes you um Dad was saying too if you um Oh my word, I love this one. >> But anyway, um >> Wanda Vision. >> I love that. >> Yeah, good. Yeah, >> I don't see Wision much anymore. >> I know. I was trying to figure out what it is. >> Isn't that cool? >> So I um I met them. So, it's um them, you know, in their regular outfits and then them as Avengers. >> So cool. I love this one. >> You know, I love my W division. All right, I got to show this to Rachel cuz she loves W division, too. >> Very cool. >> That's awesome. >> Um what were we talking? Oh, that we needed to um >> cover stuff. >> Cover stuff. Dad was saying that you should leave the water on if it's an outdoor if it's near an outdoor wall. like just just a little bit like very small drips. So, I don't know. That's just what dad was saying. >> Yes, exactly. Amy was saying the same thing. If you let it drip a little bit, that should help. Did you want to get something from America? >> Oh, no. I'm so sorry. >> Pepper across the street. Oh, there is a line. You don't want anything from America. >> No, I don't. That's correct. >> That is correct. >> Uh, no, we're not going to do the Broadway show tonight. Sorry, guys. We're going to probably head that head out to the um resorts around that time. We'll see. >> Thanks, guys. We're almost to 900 likes. Oh wow. >> Thank you. Thank you. Bop bop. The little like button. This is the hot dogs and the turkey legs >> and bruskies. >> And bruswis. Okay. That's what Dale cares about. Dad is absolutely right. Drip your water for sure. Florida ain't used to this. >> I didn't think about like >> true. That is true. >> I have uh water lines to turn off the sprinklers. >> Okay. >> And then you open the sprinklers each one just to release the pressure of it. >> Good idea. Um, dad >> sprinklers are usually far enough underground like usually 6 in under. It's not >> Dad was saying too to he was covering up the pipes with um >> pool noodles. >> Yeah, pool pool noodles which is a great idea. Yeah, >> we have a bunch of old towels with probably wrap >> in the towels. >> There's a line for the next Broadway series tonight. Jesse and I went to see um the Broadway one LA on Sunday. It was really good. It was the original Ariel Sierra and um oh goodness I can not remember the guy's name but he was from Lion King. He was Simba and Lion King. Leave the cabinet under your sink open to let in the heated air. Okay, that's good to know. We could do that. Something easy to do >> cuz it is odd because Yeah. Florida the the water lines and stuff aren't like >> true underground like they were in Indiana. >> Yeah. Last thing you want is a cracked water line. >> Every every winter back home in Indiana, >> I had air compressor and then I always have to blow out the >> water. Well, the sprinkler lines. >> Mhm. Here, I'm going to check these off. >> Oh, big big pieces. >> Yeah. Oh, hi. >> Oh, I love that one. >> Watching. >> Oh, I don't know. Hang on. Get ready, Joey. If you're watching, >> you're watching Joey. >> Mrs. Joey's World. >> This is like >> life size. >> This is life-size. Mrs. Joey's World. I love that. Awesome. >> Joey, did you see it? >> Bambi. We've got a brave one. You don't see brave very often. >> That's That's very cool. Leave the water dripping in the sink when it's under 32°. Well, it's going to be under 32° when it's unfortunately far enough away so you don't hear it trying to sleep. >> Yeah. >> Joy's miss or Joey's world says tink. >> Oh, I love that. >> Oh, that's cute. >> That is so cute. >> Welcome back, Noel. All righty then. >> Do you want to see what they have? There's like no lines. >> Mozzarella. >> We got that before. It was like the palette. >> It was good, but I don't think it's worth 950. >> Pastic >> raspberry spuma. palenta bolognese parmesan mozzarella >> that doesn't have any meat to it right >> the palenta bologanese is that meat I don't know either >> I'm not sure guys >> all right >> they're going to change their menu next year because they're not busy at all >> I know they're not busy I like the >> that's a fail >> it's like a cheese stick but it's like round cheese stickick um with the palette and you can dip with dipping sauces, but it's not worth $9.50. I'm just saying. >> I need to add something with cuz I wonder didn't they have meatballs? >> One year they had was that one of the other >> I don't know if maybe it was food and wine where they had the chips and they were like oh they were like ravioli chips with the meat sauce. Oh my word it was amazing. It's my favorite thing. I don't drip my faucets unless it's under 10, but it depends on how your house is built. I live out north, obviously. Okay. >> Bologanese is a meat sauce. Yay. I did it. Oh, here. Let's go here. [music] >> Yeah. Most houses up north, you don't need to do that cuz they're they're built for it. >> Oh, wow. Look at that rose. That's pretty. >> That is like >> That is expensive for cheese. Yes, >> it is. Great job on the uh glass. What's that? I can't think of the name. >> Stained glass. >> There you go. >> Yeah, >> it looks like real stained glass. >> I know. >> That is fantastic. >> It looks like it's come like it's You can't touch it obviously, but it looks like the rose is coming out. >> Yeah, it does. Very great effects. >> Mhm. >> I love the small world one, too. [music] >> Oh, that is really cool. I mean, that's a lot of Look at like all those little >> I know. >> That is a lot of strokes. >> Yep. Paintbrush World Showcase. We've seen this before. Always a popular one. Yeah, all the countries. My shadow's in the way there. >> That's something similar to my idea. >> Yeah, I remember. Yeah. >> Over the years. >> There you go, Dale. >> Enjoy. >> I love it. That's a good one. >> Your buddies. >> There they are. The dudes. >> I love that Goofy's dancing in the rain. It's so cute. I like the one of the Grand Fian, too. That is really good. >> Hitchhiking ghosts. >> It's the characters. >> Oh, here you can see this one a little bit better now. >> Oh, yeah. >> Love it. >> Cover your plants with plastic, blankets, newspapers, empty planting pots, cups. Yes. And make sure So, on the radio station today, they were saying do the three Ps. Make sure you bring in your pets, cover your plants, and check your pool. [laughter] Unless you want to go ice skating. >> Yeah. >> Oh, this is cool. >> One day is not going to be enough. >> No. Well, I think [music] it's going to be in the 20s two days, isn't it? >> Yeah. >> Saturday and Sunday. >> It won't freeze enough to go ice skating. >> No, but you don't want your pump to give out. >> Yes, that's true. >> Or freeze. [music] >> Really? >> If you have a water problem, you just keep it running. >> There you go. Perfect. >> Got a lot of problem. >> Problem solved. >> Just keep it running. >> And now it's snowed in Germany. >> I did. All right. Well, let's talk about um let's see who's next. Uh resort tv1homes.com. Resorttv1homes.com brokered by expy. Go over there, fill out the information form and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Resorttv1homes.com guys. Even if you're not ready to move just yet, you can go ahead over there and get the process started. Wow, the Germany shop is popping tonight for the caramel. >> $20 from Blue Polo says, "Happy birthday, Dale." >> A blue polo. >> That's so sweet. >> Thank you very much. >> Thanks, Blue Polo. We >> appreciate it. >> That's very kind. >> Hi, Matt. My daughter TA says, "Hi." Hi, TA. >> Hello, TA. >> Uh Dale's 20 um 27 as well. We're the same age. [laughter] You funny. >> I know. Here's Noah. >> Dale, nice fave. >> I don't think he's here right now, but we can at least go check it out. >> Oh, yeah. That's right. [music] >> I love it. So cute. >> Love his artwork. >> Me, too. >> Hi, Josh. date night. >> Mom and dad made that one. That's where they first date, right? >> Oh, you're right. Oh, that's so cute. Out on our date night. That's cute. Making memories. >> That is >> That's a song from back in the day right here at Epcot. Making memories. Making memories. >> Taking pictures [music] is making memories. Oh, right here. >> Yeah, we have these in the smaller print. And then he signed it and then he put uh >> my name on Dale's and Dale's name on mine. Yep. >> In our balloons. >> Hi, Lra. >> Oh, I think this is the new >> How old were we when we first met each other? Well, you know, about that age. >> Well, this one's new. [music] I like this. >> It is. I was almost thinking that was >> a new one too that somebody bought one of the originals or >> Well, it was new a couple I think a couple years ago. This is the other one that we have. >> Yes. >> And then um you can see it says August which is our anniversary >> month >> a month. And so he put the date which is the 23rd and then on the coffee cup mine says >> or Jenna and Dale says Dale and there's Chloe. >> And then Yep. That was so cool cuz we're like oh could you put 23 on the calendar? He said absolutely. Yeah, it was perfect. That's why when we saw August, we were both like, "Yep, we need that." >> Yep. >> I mean, not this one, obviously. We got the print. >> Yes, you got the print. >> Much cheaper. >> But, uh, we have it hanging up in our in our hallway. >> Yeah, we do. >> It's fantastic. >> The song about veggie, veggie, fruit, fruit, [music] veggie, veggie, fruit, fruit, veggie, veggie, fruit, fruit. Cha cha cha. All right. So, let's see what else we can find. Do you guys want to chat with Dale for a minute? You got this, Dale? >> Uh, yes. So, >> of course you do. >> What buttons can I push? >> No buttons. >> I was going to say nothing buttons. >> Nothing buttons. >> All right. >> Hoppers. Let's go over here. >> It's very retro. >> Oh, I remember that from other years. >> Yeah. Now, those are all the Star Wars ones or the Mando. The Mando ones. Oh, >> here's Mr. Eyes from Gideons. >> Oh, okay. Gideons. Definitely the Gideonss type of artwork here. I should bring that back. Shout out to my husband. >> Good stuff. >> Here's the retro. >> The retro. Oh, the uh reminds me of uh the cafe. >> Prime Time. Prime Time Cafe. >> I know that's that that kitchen reminds me of that. >> Yeah, we're going. It's very busy. It's very busy. >> Very very busy. >> Oh, FMY. >> Hey there, Kai Pie or Kai Tuli. Matt one. Hey, Noel. This Disney fan. Look at this one. That's cool. the Dumbo. >> I like the one of Walt, too. >> Oh, that is even got his shadow. Nice little extra touch back here. It's got his shadow. >> That is so cool. >> That is cool. Thinking outside the box. >> I like it. And it's even the blueprints for Sleeping Beauty's castle blueprints. Not not these, but these. >> Hey, Ryan. >> We have uh >> Cool, huh? >> Those are cool. >> We have this one. All >> those. We just got that one. >> We have this one. >> The one on the end with Mickey and Pluto. >> Yep. Oh, this is obviously a newer one. >> This one's a new >> That's cool. >> This one's a newer one just because the statue is not that old. >> This is by Scooter. >> Scooter. So, these are 350. Isn't that like crazy? >> I know. >> Those are cool. >> The teacups >> and the prince. >> Oh, here we go. Prince >> 60 for the prince. >> I just wanted to say hi. >> You want to say hi on the stream? >> Yeah. >> Say hi. >> Hi. How are you guys? >> How are you guys doing? >> Good. Where you guys from? >> Uh we're from Tampa. Oh, okay. >> My mom watches you all the time there. >> Awesome. Hi, Mom. >> Hi, Mom. From Tampa. >> Stay warm because there's a chance of snow over there, right? >> Wow. Sunday. >> Yes. >> All right. Good to see you. Have a good night. >> This one's cool. >> Yep. With the Walt Disney. >> It's like in the Polynesia. >> That's cute. Hi, Jessita. >> Very cool. >> Good evening, everybody. If you're joining us, hit that like button. We're 9:21. I know we can get to a thousand. >> I bet we can. >> That's not a problem at all with these hoppers that we got tonight. >> I didn't wear ears tonight cuz I thought it was going to be so cold that I need a hat. Not so cold. >> Well, you have your hat ears. [music] >> I They're in the bag. >> Your your hat with ears? >> I do. They're in the bag. >> Yep. But I didn't put them on yet cuz it's not that cold. >> It isn't that cold. It's hanging on for us. >> Actually very nice right now. >> It is hanging on >> with the temperature level. >> It is. >> This is always the dark zone. >> The dark zone. >> Oh, it's too cold. And >> it's because there's absolutely no breeze. >> Maybe that's why >> that makes such a big difference. It >> does. [music] >> Look at those clouds. >> I think the clouds are helping keep the warm. Yep. >> It's like a thermal. Here is the moon. >> It is up there. >> Oh, you know the booth I want to get my treat is at. Fictional. Fictional. >> Fictional. Fictional. Well, that was just a clever booth name they got going on there. >> Fictional. Victims. I think that's my problem. Something like that. >> Yes. >> Got this deal. You're near do >> walking the talking and looking at the chat. >> We're trying to I'm not an expert like you. >> Sure you are. >> Nah, I just try to try to do what I do. Dough whip. Somebody say do whip. That's a nogo. It's a little [music] chilly. Little chipper. >> Little chilly for do now. Earlier it would have been perfect. [music] >> Yes, it would have been. I saw uh Pina Rob had a had a clip walking around Epcot with his coat and an ice cream cone and he's like, "Why is everybody looking at me so funny?" Is it not normal to walk with an ice cream cone and a coat in Florida or something similar to that? I forget it was, but it was good. >> Does Noah have a booth? He does. Oh, Mr. Young. We were just past it. >> Yeah. >> Rewind it for about uh 5 to 10 minutes. >> Yeah, >> we just left there. >> Maybe like five. >> I mean, >> Jenna, how are the ticker tales there at Disney Springs? >> Oh my goodness. Is that true? Are they the same as they are at Disneyland? Yes. >> Go watch my Disney Springs vlog from where I made my ears. Um, >> it's on there and you can check and see what I thought. >> So, there's a new ear or something. >> Yeah. I haven't had ticker tail here ears. >> Ticker tails here. I said tiger tail ears. >> Tiger. It's hard to say. Ticker tail here. >> Here in Disney World has always been in Disneyland. >> I remember when we had them in Disney World and see if I liked it or not. >> Yep. See if they're similar or not so much. That is >> or snow. >> I would eat do whip in a snowstorm. Stacy. >> Yes. >> I know some people they don't care. Ice cream. They'll have it. >> Yep. >> Actually my house with the heat on. >> My parents are that way. >> I'll have ice cream year round. >> Yeah. My grandpa was >> think FMY. >> Your grandpa? Oh, I could see that. >> Daddy ate ice cream almost every night. >> And that's also like uh my family. They drink coffee. >> I don't know how >> hot or cold >> and they go to bed. >> And then they go to bed. It could be uh 90° out. We have a coffee and we go to bed. >> Will you guys ride the dinosaur before it closes? >> I'm going to ride it, but I'm not going to stream it. >> It's hard to stream. >> Yeah, it actually [music] it's fairly rough. You got to hang on >> and the signal's not >> and uh and it's dark >> all the things. >> Watching from England. Good night to everyone from the pond and God bless. >> God bless you as well. Have a good night. Oh, I forgot to check. Did somebody who who I watched some of the tennis match today. Who [laughter] >> uh who won the tennis match between Jookovic and Sinner? I was watching this morning when I got up and then I heard it went to the five fifth sets. [music] Who ended up winning? >> Just out of curiosity. >> I know. Do you plan to go on any rides tonight? >> Yeah. I'm not sure. >> Not at the moment. >> Probably all too line. Two line. No, they're all two line. >> I've said that before. >> They're too liny. >> I'm rubbing off on [music] >> two line. Not our dino. >> I laugh all the way through. Dino. Yeah. Bobcat. >> I love that ride. >> Yeah. Such a good ride. >> Miss it. >> However, I'm excited for Indiana Jones. >> Oh, I know. It is. Uh, yes. >> It is so good. >> So good. So good. So good. Jookovic. Really? Wow. Oh, Jookovic ended up winning cuz S was the first set that I watched. He was on fire. Wow. Yanik S. I'm happy Joker cuz I was rooting for him. I didn't think he had a chance. >> Okay. >> Oh my gosh, Jenna. I will watch that vlog. I might even watch it right now because if they're not Disneyland standards, I'm going to buy one here. If they are, I'm going to try to maintain my low sugar intake. >> Yeah. Go check it out. Go check it out. >> Yes. Yeah. Check it, John. >> Oh, thank you, Anthony. I love you guys. >> Thank you. >> Why don't you do lightning wings? [music] Uh cuz they're not free. >> They pricey >> and by the time we get here, they're hard to get the times and it's just >> and you can't get do enough to make it value. Yeah. >> There's sometimes we'll do them, but >> special events. >> Yep. >> Yeah. >> They're pricey. What is the new Indiana Jones? This sounds like a great thing. Oh, >> Indiana Jones in Animal Kingdom. >> Yes, they have that ride already in Disneyland and it's essentially like the same type of a car and track and everything. It's just themed differently and it's it's amazing. So, it's coming here. >> Juan, last two sets, six to four. Wow, that is crazy. >> Fictional coming up. >> It's tennis talk. Tennis Talk with Dale. >> Tennis Talk. I played tennis in high school. We were on regionals twice. I was on the varsity team my freshman year. >> Yay, Dale. >> I love tennis. Uh, I got a busted knee. I can't play tennis. >> No, you cannot. >> I need surgery so I can go. >> You need surgery so you can play tennis. >> Yep. Indiana Jones ride will probably say that's not our our artifact. >> That's not our artifact. >> It's not our artifact. That's hard to say. Not a artifact. Not artifact. >> Like an uh >> pirate ride. >> Arvark. >> Arvark. How often does Jenna have to get her hair done? >> Uh >> that's a weird question. >> She uh she washes it once a month. >> Just kidding. >> That's an odd question. [laughter] >> As far as a haircut, maybe once every once a month. Every other month. >> I wash my hair one more time. >> Oh, look at the stitches. Look at >> my chip and >> the one of Mickey taking a picture of us too. >> Oh, that's awesome. That is good. Hello, Mickey. [music] >> Okay, Dale, I was indisposed. Just rewind it and watch. I have Noah print. I did more. I have some Star Wars number prints as of late. [music] Yes, old Mr. Younger Dude, we have three. >> We have >> four. >> We have two that we bought and then we got one from Christopher Black. That's also a >> Oh, yeah. That's right. >> Yes. >> Thanks, Christopher. >> Look at Montreal shot. >> Oh, that's a great one. >> That is fantastic with a little artwork on this left side. >> A little little golf ball action. >> Well, if the one that he got us, Isn't that four? >> Cuz we have the two in the bedroom. >> Oh, you're right. That is four. I forgot. Two. I forgot >> the balloons. >> Yes. I thought that was one. >> Those are those were our first two. >> Yep. We got four of Noah's. We love Noah. >> We do have four. >> Love his artwork. >> This is like a very pastel. >> They're very pretty though. I like >> They are. >> Oh, look at the Mickey. It's >> like the club. >> The mouse club. >> Mickey Mouse Club. >> Look at the statue. The Pluto and the Mickey. >> All right, we have to go. >> Okay, the Pluto one when he's like running. >> Uh, no. >> Dale creating his own art tonight. I actually have my own artwork. >> It's on our Etsy on our Etsy shop. Oh, that one is cute. >> I need to I need to bring my booth here. You do? >> I need to I need to have a booth. Oh my good. That is so awesome. It's very colorful. >> It just feels like I'm walking into Polly right there. >> It does. The Pluto one over there buddies with him and Mickey in the corner. >> Oh, in the top left. >> Yeah, that's so cute. >> That's cool. And the castle's always a classic. That is cute, too. >> Look at the baby Moana. Scrooge, what are you doing? >> Diving into his money. >> Scrooge, >> have a good night. Jiminy. [music] >> Oh, I see. Oh, thousand. Boom. Nailed it. >> We did it. >> Nailed it. It on the money. >> Look, there's no line here. So, Dale, you can go get us what I want from the fictional fictional. >> That is on the money. >> On the money. >> Thanks, everybody. >> Thank you. >> Now, so which one was it that you wanted? >> The oysters. >> Um, well, you can get that if you want. I'm going to do the tea treat. Twinning Earl Grey Chocolate, Pop Cream, lemon medaline, rose, and raspberry jam, and a tea biscuit [music] crumble. >> Upside down shake. >> Oh, that looks good, too. >> Yellow. >> However, it's >> ice cream. >> Yeah. Rose Garden red ale. M. Okay, >> I'll share this. I don't need the whole thing. >> Okay, let me get the red ale. >> It's I've seen a picture of it. It looks so cute. >> The tea tree. Okay. >> Yep. >> Perfect. Bye. All right, I'll wait for you. Oh, look at the Mickey >> and and the orange bird and >> right here in the mountain. Isn't that cool? Oh, it's Monument Valley. >> It is Monument Valley. >> Okay, that's cool. >> That is awesome. >> I've been there. Yeah. And mom and dad. >> So cool. Yep. >> With our good old Penske chloe. Chloe. >> Yeah, Chloe was there, too. >> Yeah, >> there's Chloe on the That's a goat. >> That's a goat. [laughter] >> But we kept the Pensky at the hotel and we took the car. >> You're right. Oh, the moving memories. >> Yes. Hi, classy Disney mom. >> Today's the first day of Paint the Night. We're excited. Oh, that's so cool, John. I love that. >> We're going to wait on Dale over here. I meant to say popcorn bucket. I did mean to say that. Darn it. I don't know what happened. Look at the chest pieces over here. That was really fun. Hi, Linda. The orange bird is so cute, isn't it? All right, let's wait on Dale. She'll be here. Oh, here he is. Look at that. >> Did you say the wrong thing? >> No, I got him. >> Okay, >> you were worried. >> I was a little worried. Oh, that looks good. >> So cute. >> Did you get beer, too? >> A tea treat. >> It's a tea treat. Can I see it from the other side? >> That is so stinking cute. >> Yum. >> Oh, it's like a live. >> What's that? >> It's like a live. >> Yes. Yeah, we're live. Yeah. >> No. >> Oh my goodness. Dale, look behind you. So cute. It's just little. >> So cute. >> A It is Tilly. >> A >> That's what I was guessing. >> Yeah, we had to have any. She She just passed away >> right before the >> Yeah. Thank you. She reminds us she's 17. Yeah, she did. >> Chloe. >> Yeah, >> my baby. Thank you. >> It's hard. >> It is. It's the hardest part. >> Yeah, 100%. >> And when they get older, like they're not strong anymore. >> Feels so bad. >> She was blind and deaf. It was hard. Yeah, >> it does. >> I know. Cuz I can't tell you. I know. >> Have a good night. Do you want to get a spoon or I can get it? >> Dale, come on. That's a fork. Oh, well. >> All right, let's go find. There's a table over here. >> What? >> I thought that was a table with some light, but it's >> I mean, those work, too. But we have to go this way anyway. So, let's just go find us. >> This tea guy. >> Oh, >> actually, I got my finger on it. >> Okay. Don't dump it. If you can flip over on the side, >> you guys, we didn't show you, but there was the cutest little maltis doggy. >> Oh my goodness. >> Little sweater on. >> Smaller than Chloe, actually. Tiny. >> It was like a toy. >> Yeah. So little. >> Oh, there's a trash. Oh, that's like that trash can. >> Jump the jump the railing. >> Uh-huh. Okay. How about >> Can we go in there? >> No. >> There's nowhere to >> There's a bunch of light. >> I know. There's no J. >> Oh, no. There's some up here. Don't worry. >> Can we use the art table right here? >> Oh, this is cute. >> Oh, look at look at the >> Oh, there's the Japan shed. >> Yes, the garbage can table. We might have to use it. We'll see. >> Oh my goodness, this one is adorable. That's amazing. >> I also love that dream finder and figman. And then look at Orangeberg sweeping his little bird house. >> Hey mom, Rimple. The >> adventures people. >> The adventure people. [music] Oh yeah. From up. >> Dale is still making his topiaries. Yes. On Etsy by Jenna. Oh, they're sold out. Just kidding. >> Yeah. But, uh, keep an eye out cuz I do I do have more. >> Okay. I just >> You do, John. 100%. >> I just got to get so busy. I didn't like >> his regular work is taking too much time. >> Oh my goodness. Yeah, cuz I have more. >> I could have >> posted. Yep. >> But I just didn't have time to put them together and ship them out. So, I just didn't add them back to the shop. >> Yep. So, he he'll get it. >> You can set the alert on the Etsy shop. >> Oh, there you go. So, if you set the alert, then you'll know whenever Dale posts some more. >> Yes. cuz there's never >> there's tables right there. >> A lot at one time. So, >> yeah, cuz it it takes them a little while to make them. >> So, either way, >> all right, guys. We're just going to go right here. >> Painting >> the PVC pipes. >> Yeah, that is the toughest part for sure. >> All right. Right here. >> Not okay. >> See, you're over there. You can see the lighting. >> Let's get the um stand out for or you can just hold it, I either way. >> Okay, I want to take a video picture of it first. >> Okay, guys, this is so cute. Here, I'm going to light it up. >> Look at that. Oh my goodness. Hi, Daddy and Disney. No bugs. You may not have our food. >> This looks like a chip, but it's a matteline. [music] It's a >> matteline. >> Mhm. Cookie. Nice little tea treat here. Chocolate. Is that moose or what? >> I don't know. We're going to find out. >> That looks delicious. >> It looks like moose. Well, you might be getting most of it. You're not sad about that, huh? All right. >> Well, maybe cuz I shouldn't have it. >> I've been fasting this week. It's going to ruin the fast. >> All right. >> I was fasting this week just so I can have this. >> Uhhuh. There we go. That's what it meant. >> That's right. >> That is beautiful. That's so cool. >> Didn't Willy Wonka have that cup in his office? >> Did he? Maybe Will Wonka's cup. >> Willy Wonka. >> Yep. >> Try something sweet. Yes, we are. >> We are doing it. >> That looks That looks so good. >> Something sweet. I just want to pick it up. >> I know. Sip sip the coffee. We'll take the flour off a side. >> I shall. We didn't even get napkins, did we? >> No. >> Can't pick it up. >> No, you don't need napkins. Well, you We'll see if it breaks and you just pick up the chunks. So, how does it go? How do you cut it? You may need to lay it down so you don't knock it on the table. >> That's a good idea. [laughter] [gasps] >> It's the prettiest thing, but it's not the easiest thing to eat. It >> Yeah, it's more for the art. >> It is definitely cool. >> Oh, here we go. Got a chunk. >> Yep. >> Yes. Cut in half. That's right. >> Got me a chunk. >> There's our budgeting. That is correct. >> Whoa. >> Amazing. >> Tastes like tea. >> What tea? Well, that makes sense. They call it a tea treat. >> It tastes like Earl Grey. >> That is That's cool. >> That's what they said. They got tea boos. >> That is Did I just hear Dale mention Prime Time Cafe? Yes, that looks good. >> Oh, everything in his office was cut in half. >> My goodness. >> Oh, that's right. >> Hi, Jennale. I tried that tea treat, [music] too, last week when I was there. So good. Okay, Kristen Kristen Pond approves of the tea [music] treat, too. >> Were you also pleasantly surprised that it tasted like tea or was it like >> like odd that a that a dessert tastes like tea? >> It's good. >> Okay. I like gray or gray. Yeah. >> Wait, fmy. Did you change your image? >> Is that me? >> Uh, Dale, it is so cold here. No golf anytime soon. I need to come down. Yes, resort budgeting. I'm not I'm not golfing on Sunday, that's for sure. It's going to be in the 20s. >> That is danceworthy. That is amazing. >> Danceworthy. >> Mhm. >> I was going to say, is there [music] any left for me? >> Mhm. >> Half a teacup. >> Mhm. >> How's the crumbs? >> Good. >> You can eat that thing if you want to cuz I had the empanada. You eat as much as you want, sweetie. >> Thanks. >> As much as you can have it all if you want it. That's fine. >> No, >> I don't need it. >> We got 2,190 [music] watching. Thank you everybody for joining us. >> Hi >> guys. >> How are you? >> Thank you. I hear that voice. >> I'm doing all right. How about you guys? >> Doing good. >> Having fun today? >> We are. >> Yeah. >> Good to see you. >> It is you, Dale. A mini you. What is I lost it. >> Okay, the rest is yours. Might need a drink. >> Okay. Some spots of Florida might see some snow this weekend. And just flurries, maybe half an inch of dusting. [music] Yes, we heard that as well, Micah. >> And stay tuned, guys. We're going to be heading to the resort probably right after we get done. >> Resort time, >> right? >> What? Resort TV1 is going to the resorts. >> I know. >> What? No way. >> Okay. >> Earl Grey rocks. Yes, we have some Earl Grey. All right. Let me add this thing. Let me put this backpack down. >> Put it up. Yeah. It's making like there. >> They're rocking out at the park. >> All right, let's see what [music] Dale thinks. >> Okay, I think I might >> You had to share with your husband, too. 9° and go, but that's a heat wave. >> Really like >> Mhm. >> Do you get the tea? Is it mostly in the mousse? >> Yep. >> I got all I took a bit bite of it. >> We'll take it together. You I >> No, I did. >> Oh, okay. I can taste it right away. >> The chocolate is overpowering. I don't taste the tea. So, I'm just going to taste it. >> We will be resort hoppers. That's right. >> Okay. Dale doesn't get it. >> I got it right away. >> I don't even get it after. Wow. >> Like if I weren't >> Hi, Shannon. >> I don't get tea at all. I'm missing awesome. >> I'm missing those taste buds. >> Yeah, man. I got it right. I mean, it literally tasted like tea to me >> cuz the first one the chocolate was overpowering and I just did the mousse. >> Dale doesn't have the best taste buds. >> I don't. >> Cuz literally I could taste it right away. [music] >> You're disappointing, Dale. story of my life. >> This is what she tells me all the time. Good night, sweetie. You're >> dude. I never say that. Why do you have to be like that? Keith, just kidding. >> Like in his announcement video how I said he was the last pick. He's always the first pick. He makes me sound so awful. [laughter] >> She's not. So disappointing. >> I am a tea connoisseur. >> The funny thing is is I don't drink tea that often. >> Oh, wait. What was that? Chocolate. [music] >> What do you mean? >> Is this like a gummy? >> Oh, it's strawberry. >> No, I mean it was [music] like gel jelly. >> Cuz I pic I got something that was like a gummy. [music] >> Well, it was delicious either way. I >> It was good, but I I >> I did not get those taste buds [music] with the tea. >> I have no idea how you didn't. >> But it's all good. >> I couldn't even get it with I just with >> They are different. No, it's true. Everybody's taste buds are different, but it did say it was tea infused, so I know why I taste. >> Maybe that maybe that chiso >> took away your taste buds. >> Take care of that taste bud. >> I'm going to let you help whenever you're done. Take your [music] time. >> The chocolate is very good, but I think it's a dark chocolate. >> Mom is a tea connoisseur. Condro for science. >> Oh, there goes the Montreal. Beautiful. >> Dale got to have fun on Friday. Announcements, video night, supervision. Haha. It's right. [music] And guys, if you if your live button is not red, that means you're behind. >> So, you're not currently live with us right now. Somebody's posting a number, so they're a little bit behind. Um, so just make sure that live button is red. It's [music] on the bottom right. Left. I forget. >> Uh, yeah, I forget, too. >> You guys crack me up. >> Oh, that's true. Mega Byron, he said if you've just fasted, sugar might overpower your [music] taste buds. >> So, there you go. >> A Matt says, "Dale has great taste. He married you." Right. It's true. It's true. >> The only one that matters. >> A So, the We can't get on the Skylliner tonight. It's closed for refurb. There are no Skyliners on the line right now. I haven't I didn't see any. >> Oh, wow. >> Um when >> I was driving by earlier. It was good. I liked it. I would get it again. >> How about two? >> Awesome. [music] >> Dale. Story of my life. >> Dale. Dale. Dale. All right. I'm going to have you put that in my bag, please. >> In your [music] bag? >> Yeah. Cool. >> I usually just put it in wherever. >> Wherever it fits. Yeah. Oh, you had a bag. >> I sure did. >> [music] >> Ashure. Don't spill your beer. >> Don't spill the beans. [music] >> All right, we're going to keep making our way around and then we're going to head to the resort. >> Oh, we got to go in here. They looks like they've got some good art in here. >> Yeah. Oh my goodness. Look, >> man. That is such a clever pick. The artist. Oh my goodness. >> Good job, Rob Cass. Gallery rapper. >> Oh, stinking cute. >> Rob Cass, that was genius. That is >> Oh, look at them. Artist explores. >> Ador that is. That's thinking outside the box. I love it. >> Love it. This one's really good. I like that one. >> Oh, that is cool. >> Oh, these are all four of the parts. >> Oh, neat. Oh, that's fun. Got Magic, Hollywood, Animal, and Epcot. >> They're 600 bucks a piece. So, for 24,00 bucks, you can get the set. >> And there you go. >> How cool is that? >> That is very cool. >> There's some prints down here. Let's see. The prints are >> Stitchy said, I want some wood, too. >> Where? A. Okay. So, so the prints are $54.95. Oh my goodness, that is so cute. But I think this is my favorite. I've seen this one before. He's leading the ducks across the street. It's like, "Follow me, ducks." >> Awesome. >> Love it. >> I like this rap Rob's uh >> Oh, look. >> ideas. >> People mover. Okay. I love that one. >> Oh, look. They have a It's only $55 plus 20% off. Robert Warner says, "I can hear my wallet crying." Oh, look at them on the Montreal on the way home. >> That is adorable. >> That is adorable. >> Oh, look. They have this in a print. >> This was us at our anniversary at uh two years ago, three years ago. Well, it was during the day. >> Narcus. >> Oh, yeah. >> Went to Nuzi. >> I recommend. It's sort of a hidden thing that a lot of people think about. So, if you ever need like a cool place to eat for a little bit, it's not like super fancy, but it's not It's more fancy or whatever, it's a good >> Yeah, we dress up. >> Yep. Nakuzi's over at the Grand The Flow. >> At the Grand Flow. [clears throat] All right. >> I like those a lot. >> All right. So, >> Yep. So, we've done a lap. >> We did a lap, >> which is good cuz I I ate sweets. >> Yeah, we did. >> Oh, we should go look in this shop. Dale. >> Yeah, >> we should. >> Dale's excited. Cuz let's be honest, >> all the sweatshirts got world merchandise. >> Yeah, they have some uh German stuff here. >> I got some voyage. >> That stitch print is you, Jenna. Send to cart. That's right. >> Um, all right. So, we've got Cheryl. It's hard to see. I do like these ears and the bag. >> Cheryl sent $4.99. Can you say hi to Ron and tell him he needs to come to Disney soon? Thanks. Um, hi Ron. You need to come to Disney soon. Thanks Cheryl. >> Thank you so much. >> Yes, Dale. The Pandora shop. >> Oh boy. They don't have a >> favorite meal. >> I don't remember. I'm not even sure. >> I don't remember what we had. No. >> Did we do a video of it or No, we did. Okay. I'd have to go back in the video. >> Go back to the video and I'd have to check. >> My daughter think me into going on Tiana's. The sun has dropped here on the West Coast, so it's getting cooler. Uh-oh. >> I usually do fish or chicken, so I'm guessing I had fish or chicken. >> I'm trying to remember. I think I had a pasta. >> I don't remember what you had. Lotso bear. >> Lotso ears is what you hear. >> Lotso ears. Love that. Lots bear. Lotso ears. That's cute with the sparklies. [music] >> That's cute. >> Mhm. >> They should be selling a lot of this. >> Cheryl says he's smiling. Thank you. Oh, I love it. Yeah, a lot of sweaters and things are going to be sold 100%. Oh, wow. That is so pretty. [clears throat] >> All right, ready? >> I'm ready. >> Let's head on to the resorts. >> Oh, look, Dale. Is that new? Oh, >> it's nice. >> Huh? >> It is. >> Oh, they're Mickey's. I couldn't tell from over here. Oh, that's cool. >> I like it. I haven't seen that one before. stepped their polo game up in the parks. >> The pro shops are still way better, >> but this is at least they got a couple back. >> Yeah. >> Sorry. You want to say something? >> Shout out to my husband, Bobcat, who celebrated a birthday yesterday. Happy birthday, Bobcat. >> Bob, welcome to the January birthday parties. >> Mhm. >> Epcot countries sell winter Olympic gear. They do not. >> Yeah, Dale must have planned it. It does look peopley over there. He's like, "Can you please make sure it's busy so we can't look at the pretties?" >> Uhhuh. >> That's right. >> Yeah. Josh Josh is missing the cold to go to more cold in New York. That's right. I guess Liam got to see snow for the first time and he threw a snowball there in New York. Yeah. >> I didn't know where they're at. >> Awesome. >> The polo is definitely Dale. >> Yes. >> A goddamn polos. >> Mhm. Dale loves those polos. >> Pandora has a new sorcerer Mickey hat. Oh, that's cool. I didn't know that. Thanks, Tim. [laughter] >> All right. Well, thanks Jenna or thanks guys. Jenna shouted out our daughter's birthday on Monday as well. A you guys have a lot of birthdays. That's amazing. >> Happy belated birthday to Dale. >> Good evening, Chris. >> Wait, what time is it? >> Fork in the road. $4.99 from Dan. Dan sent $4.99. says, "Are you going anywhere special to see or stream the Artemis launch?" Wait, when what is when when and what is the Artemis launch? I'm sorry, I'm behind. >> Larger uh launches over on the coast. >> Okay. >> Well, there's also one >> Thank you for the 499 Super Chat. Um I don't know when it is. Um so I guess we don't really have anything planned for that. >> That is some That was an adventure I wanted to do sometime with Jenna. I did it one time with Corey >> and I never and I vlogged it and I never put the vlog up. >> It's true. Oh, look. They have the bears and blankies. That's so cute. >> So, >> because the video footage, it wasn't the best. >> Oh, and it was really windy. >> It was very windy. So, it was like >> So, you're going to We'll have to go back with wind covers for the mic. >> I did not have my the mic covers and stuff. >> Yeah. >> He wasn't quite prepared. >> Well, happy birthday last Saturday, Maria. Your birthday was a day after Dale's. >> Oh, fantastic. >> Yeah. Um, so what is this Artemis? >> It's just a larger Well, I'm not sure. You don't know when it is. Okay. >> I do not. >> Oh, you think? Okay. So, Emaro says they think he thinks it's on February 8th. >> Oh, we also have an announcement coming up soon. >> We do have an announcement coming up soon. It'll be on Adventures of Jennindale. So, stay tuned. >> Go subscribe to the channel. Hit the bell button so you don't miss it. >> Yeah. Yeah. I've almost said it a couple times tonight. >> I've almost slipped. No, me. >> Um, so just stay tuned. We'll probably do a vlog and then put it at the end of the vlog, but we'll put big announcement in there so you'll get to hear it and know which vlog to watch. >> Subscribe to our channel. >> You got to go subscribe. You got to watch the video. Also, ring the bell and hit that notification so you know when we do post vlogs. They're very random. It's whenever we can get them done and out. There's no time or day that we random or that we normally >> there's no rhyme or reason. It's just bam, here's >> that we normally put up a vlog. So, make sure you have that notification bell on. And >> I still have the one from New Year's Eve. I did. I still haven't had time to edit it. So, uh, that was fun. >> We're gonna have a late >> You're going to enjoy that. >> Late New Year's Eve. >> Yes. We're going to party out New Year's Eve. >> A month late. >> Maybe two months. Who knows? >> We We've had a lot going on here. >> Yes, we have. >> Actually, you know what? I might use this restaurant. >> This will be easier to get to than the >> Okay, I may take him into the UK shop. >> Um, just don't go over by the van. >> Okay. >> Unless you just want to go over by the water. Oh, I'll check out that artwork. We didn't check out that artwork, >> did we not? Okay. >> I don't think so. >> Okay. >> All right. Don't go too far. >> Okay. >> All right. We'll go over here. Oh, we did check out this artwork. Ah, yeah, we did. Okay. What else did we check out? Well, let's go. Sorry. You turn. We'll go over here. Is it snowy in Orlando? It is not. Thank goodness. It is not snowy in Orlando. So, let's go into the UK [music] shop. The Artemis launch is taking four astronauts around the dark side of the moon. Scheduled for February 8th. Oh, fantastic. Oh, cuz it So, it's people on it. Cool. Let's show the for our friends across the pond. Let's show them your shop. The Rosen Crown Pub. Oh, it smells good in here. Smells good. Cool. It's got the United Kingdom World Showcase, the double-decker buses with the phone booth. Shopping with Dale. Don't tell anybody. Oh, this is neat. >> Very cool. >> I'm 78. Jim is getting 80, but Logan is 43 this year. [music] >> Interesting story. Last year I was at the Arnold Palmer Invitational and I was walking with the players as a standard bearer and then there's people are able to purchase extra tickets or like super expensive tickets and they're like guests. They get to walk inside the ropes not with the players obviously or alongside it but they can walk inside the ropes. And last year, the one couple [music] that had bought that package, they owned the shop. There's a few shops here at Disney that Disney doesn't own. This couple actually owned it. They owned this shop and then they also owned the soap shop in uh Disney Springs, the same one that is also in the Grand Flow. So, that was interesting. Good to talk with him. Shopping with Dale is special occasion for us. Yes. Very rare. Don't tell anybody. >> England gift shop. I know where we are now. Yes. Here we are. >> Oh, this is cool. Sorry about the [music] glare. Can I fix the glare? Go under here. Sort of. All the different characters with the outfits. [music] Feels like negative one. Wow. Tim. No gracias. >> No gracias. No, thank you. >> Keep calm and buy a shrubbery. That's funny. >> I think one of my friends knows that couple actually. They reminded me said they're really they were super nice people. >> Dale, can you do a fit check? A fit check? Yeah. I don't think I can do a fit check. I don't think they approve of me undressing and putting on their clothes here. >> How much are these? Let's see how much their t-shirts are. [music] >> Oh, they're free. Look at that. No price. Let's see. Oh, B to you. >> Hey, look. >> Just a flesh one. >> Monty pie. Just a flesh one. Ah, Monty Python. Oh, somebody else said, "Love Monty Python." Dale, have you seen the Happy Gilmore merch at Universal? I have not. I almost got you some for your birthday, but you told me not to stray from the list, so I didn't. That's pretty cool. All right, let's head out. >> Okie dokie. >> Let's go. >> I got here and we got to go. >> Well, we just got to get to the country, so we have some time or countries. I mean, the resort. So, we have some time there. >> Got a super chat. Oh, we have a um congrats Ali Vismo. Ali Verismo. Um, congrats on 27 months of Resort Hopper Platinum. Cool shopping, Dale. What candles do they sell next to the cashier? Oh, >> sorry, Ally. >> We'll go in there the next time we go in. Remind me. Remind me. >> We go in. We'll be in there. >> That's right. >> Sorry, guys. Thank you, Ally, for being a member, a platinum member for so long. That is so very kind of you. We really appreciate it. >> Help me remember next time we go, we'll check. candles smells amazing in that store. >> Yeah, it really does. They also have perfume in there. [music] Ivonne was telling me there was one she really wanted. >> Was that just a picture up? >> Yep. >> Photo op. >> Feels like 20 in Toronto. I remember that when we were in Goan for a while. >> Do you want this back or no? >> Sure. >> Thanks, Cindy. >> Oh, also cuz I was talking about the on a little bit. It's coming up in a month. Next month if you're in Orlando. >> Not next month. The next month. >> Well, yeah. It's almost in a month. >> Cuz it's we're at the end of >> it's the first week in March. >> Yep. >> This is March 5th through the 8th. >> So if you're in Orlando and you like golf, >> go check it out. You can buy tickets. >> Yeah. >> I highly recommend >> Dale loves it. If you want to see [music] the players up close and get autographs, go on a Wednesday or go on Wednesday. >> It is lower I'm not [music] too sure if it's lower cost or not, [laughter] but it's it's the proam day and uh if you really want the expert tip, [music] go back in between holes number four and five. They walk right by you every time. Oh, >> nobody else has. Let's go in here. >> And then you can get pictures and autographs. >> Well, there you go. There's your tip from Dale. >> Expert tip. Nobody else will tell you. >> Robert Orner, congrats on 25 months of Resort Hopper VR. 2 years and one month as a member. I'm so happy and excited to be here. Jenna and Dale, thanks for all you do. I'm so looking forward to Disneyland. Oh, that's awesome. Are you going there soon? I missed it. >> Can't wait to go play another round of golf with you. >> Thanks, Robert, for being a member for 25 months. That is so amazing. >> I like how random All right. Sorry, guys. [music] >> Are they covering the strawberry due to the cold? Yes. Yes, they are covering all of the shrubs and everything. We're going to be in the negative, not negative. We're going to be in the the below freezing. Below freezing, [music] >> temperatures. Oh, they got this one back in stock. I got that one for Josh for Christmas. >> Okay, cool. >> I like it. >> When does the amazing Dale Pro Golf and More channel start? Dale hardly has time for the channel we have. >> [laughter] >> So, not very soon. >> I had a buddy asked me, "Hey, you want to start a golf club?" I was like, "I do, but I've got no time." >> No time. No time. These are new. They sold out so fast the last time. They're pretty cool. I like them. >> Got all the Mickey's from all the different countries. And then the bow comes off. >> Oh. >> Which is really fun. >> Ah, it's a snap. >> Mhm. >> Snap, crack, pop. >> That's right. And then the front, if you turn in front of the front, that's Epcot. >> Oh, cool. Sure. >> Very cool. Played Bay Hill this fall. Beautiful course says >> nice. Good for you. It is. >> We're going to the resorts right now. >> That's where we're heading. >> And I get to play it once a year being a volunteer. Volunteer. >> Hi Tracy. >> He sure does. It is true. >> I do a vlog there. >> Oh yeah. I forgot about that. >> That's right. Oh, Dale. >> This is TV, though. >> This is the sad This is the sad one that I got Pluto. The one I wanted and then I lost him. >> Oh, no. >> Look how cute he is. >> Oh my word. >> I'm so sad I lost him still. I hope I hope a kid got him that was happy to get him. >> Yep. Obviously, somebody was happy to get him. >> Mhm. >> Dale trying to go to Augusta with me. >> Have you been to Augusta? >> Uh, no. I've I've applied. >> We've been, right? >> No. Is that not the one? >> Uh, no. No. >> Oh, no. Okay, never mind. Yeah, you tried. That's right. >> All right, guys. >> It's like a lottery. >> Oh, hi. >> Good night. >> So, it's a lottery if you get in. >> Yeah. To get in. Or you can buy the tickets on the secondary market for lots and lots of >> Oh, no. No, no, no. That's not the way to do it. because I did not if I would have won the uh the billion dollar lottery. >> The billion dollar lottery. >> Yeah. I would have definitely been going this year. >> The big old lottery. >> And we're here streaming. >> No sklliners. >> That is so weird. >> So weird. >> Do you know where you can find the spaceship earth stainless steel tumbr mug? I do not. I'm sorry. Don't remember where I've seen that last >> mug. Actually, I might take my hat now. >> Okay. >> Still a little bit of chill in there. >> We're getting out of the uh the area of the countries. >> You're a Cinderella boy at Augusta. I don't know what that means, but uh Dale, do whatever you can and keep trying for as long as you have to to get to Augusta. Cory Root says, >> "Oh, yes, Corey. That would be amazing." >> I saw them making these earlier. >> Oh, really? >> Yeah. One is figment. >> Are they rocks? >> No, they're leaves. Oh my word. >> So, we got Figment. These are so cool. >> A Skyliner. >> That's so fun. >> Hey, how are you? >> Yeah. No, you're all good. >> How are you guys? >> We're good. >> I'm with Melany's husband. >> Yes. Good to see you again. Yeah, we went on the Tiana's um preview together. That was so cool. >> Cast member did. >> That is so this morning. Cool. This morning we just maintainers. >> Oh, good idea. Wind comes through and little feet. I love Oh, yeah. Little feet. Uh-huh. I get that. >> Yeah, we got we came and >> these are so cool. And is that Spaceship Earth? >> Wow. >> I love this. >> So cool. >> That's awesome. So, how long is the Skyliner? >> How long is the Skyliner down for? >> Till Sunday. >> Oh, okay. So, it's soon. >> Yeah. It's been down a week. So, usually every January at the last week. >> Okay. >> Okay. Okay. So, not bad. Awesome. >> Back. The weather is a little >> I Yes. >> It's weird not seeing them. It's so weird. >> Quiet. >> Yeah. Very long. Wait. >> That's awesome. >> Nice and quiet. You get to chill. >> Like a nice little >> Well, it's good to see you. Please tell Melanie I said hello. Awesome. >> Yeah. Okay. [laughter] Cool. Yeah. Hello. Have a good night. >> Hi. How are you? >> You want to say hi on the stream? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. What's your name? >> Elliot. I um I um >> I don't think I met you, but I met Josh so many times. Um um so many times in the chat. I am music and theme parks world. >> Music. Music and theme parks world. Awesome. Well, it's good to see you. Are you local? >> Yeah, I'm local. So, you get to go to the parks quite often. Good for you. >> I love the Sorcerers Pass. >> Oh, very nice. Love it. >> It's nice to be able to go when you want to. >> Yeah. [laughter] Yes. >> So cool. Well, it's nice to meet you. >> Yes. Nice to meet you. Thank you for watching. You going have a lot of that time. >> Uh well, we're just kind of doing a little date night without >> without Josh. So, yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Maybe another time. >> Yeah. >> Awesome. >> I'm like I have a lot of time. >> Sure. I understand. Thank you so much. We appreciate it. Yeah, he doesn't get to come very often. So, >> thank you. >> So, you enjoy your evening. >> Yeah. Have a good night. >> Well, it was nice meeting you with you. Thanks for saying hi. >> Yeah. All right. Have a good one. >> Have a good night. >> Bye. >> Get this. >> Yeah. Take a picture. It's really cool. >> Everybody's saying hi to Elliot there. >> Guys, keep popping the like button. We have,00 likes. I bet we can get some more. pop that like but button. So, um it the Skyliner is going to be opening on Sunday. You heard it here first. I'm sure you guys already knew that. I just had forgotten. >> Thanks for 2300 people in the chat. So fun, isn't it? Dale's doing his Instagraming. Go follow Dale. That is so clever. >> Go follow the Dale. All right. I'm going to give the stream to Dale here in a second. We also need to plug in. >> All right. Whenever you're ready. Oh, we're like the experts of >> N. But hang on. Take this first >> cuz I got to put my hat on. So, I got another hand. >> Okay. I don't know the routines. >> Well, I just got to get my hands clean here. >> So, not hearing. >> I know. It is so weird. >> You know what also is weird? >> That the Look at that big >> Oh, yeah. That is a lot of tarp. >> All covered. >> It's a lot of tarp. >> Yeah, it is. Okay. >> Let's see here. We got to find us the plug in. >> You can check out Dale's Adventures Instagram, DRTV. Yes. Thank you, Amara. Go ahead and uh hit that follow and >> it's just a bunch of uh Whoops. Sorry. Whoops. I done did it. Just a bunch of random stuff from golf to parks to restaurants to food to >> what? On adventures >> or on here >> on on my RTV? Dale RTV. >> Yes, >> Dale. My fam has had tickets for the last 30 years. Just let me know. What >> requirements is you have to come golf with me in Sarasota. >> Done. >> Done. >> Exactly. >> Definitely. That's Yay. >> That is [laughter] crazy. All right. Message me on my Insta. >> Yeah. >> Message on Dale RTV. >> Dale RTV. And that's so sweet. >> And actually, I was in Sarasota. Well, when Yeah. Chloe >> had her deal. And I was I was going to go golf that Monday morning and with a couple buddies. And the course, shoot, I'd have to look it up again. It was sort of I was down in Venice >> was the course that we're going to go to. There was like three courses there. I think two or three courses. And uh because we had played some of the others there, my buddies go down to Sarasota >> and then uh every year. So, and actually they're back here again in February and I thought about going again, but we're going on a cruise. I'm not too sure if I'll make it back. I mean, no, we're we're going to go to Sarasota and then uh have some have some fun. Uh-huh. [laughter] >> I feel we just got past Walcott. We did. >> Hit the like button if you ever >> walk out. >> No, Walcott. >> Oh, Walcott. I was like doing a walk out. >> So, what uh uh course do you go to in Sarasota? >> Let's go. Okay. So, let's go left. When we did our 10K, we went left. >> We did. >> And we had to go all the way around. >> Dale also constructs big German horns out of PVC pipes. >> Yes, I do. >> For my leaf blower. >> Oh, look. Is that a >> Oh, they're all Oh, no. Cruising around. >> Firework crews, I think. I'm not sure. Oh, yeah. Oh, those are firework cruisers. >> Hi, Pickles. >> I I always love the lights. This is where the thumbnail is taken. >> The lights around here. >> So beautiful. And yeah, it's usually so much more windy windier. So much windier. I don't know. Up here. And it's it is hanging on. >> Dale is an artist. >> All right, let's go to the border. >> Okay. >> It is not busy. >> Loving it. >> I'm incredibly sorry. >> No worries. No worries. >> Where's your Where's my sister? >> I need that chakra in Singapore. It's a big thing. Yes. Words are hard for Dale tonight. Yes, they are. >> Always. >> Always hard. >> Sarasota is tough to say. [laughter] >> Yeah. >> Love the sound of the water, right? Right there. So peaceful, man. It is not busy. Check this out. How empty this is. >> Everybody's in the park. I'm sure Boardwalk has been here. >> Yeah. >> You get there. >> I'm going to Cake Bake for the first time. Tell you when, but I'm going there for the first time. And I have a I have a reservation. I don't know if I'm going to vlog it. We'll see. I might just enjoy. Maybe I'll do some Instagram. And >> there you go. >> We'll see. >> Put it on the ground. >> I don't really want to do the whole thing. Like I don't think I'm going to get cake cuz I'm trying to watch what I eat. And you can't go to cake bake and vlog it without getting cake. >> Yeah. >> So, >> you can do all the other stuff. >> Maybe I'll do it another time. >> Yeah. >> But I am going for the first time and it's been here for a while. So, I'm excited. >> I'm excited for you. >> Thanks. be able to go check it out. >> Yeah. >> With some friends. >> Yep. >> I used to live in Sarasota. >> It's not that hard to say. [laughter] >> Who said that? >> Oh, Tim. Oh, that that crazy Tim. >> Tim. Tim. >> Tim. Tim the Tool Guy. >> Tim the Tool Guy. >> The Lakewood Ranch Country Club. IMG Academy and University Park. Okay, nice. TPS. I heard their kiche is great >> at the cake bake. >> I I'm guessing so. I bet they have amazing kiche. >> I saw it on the menu. >> We like some good kiche. >> We do. We Trader Joe's. It's Kish Lorraine and it is delicious. You pop it in the oven. It's good. >> Wow. Yeah, it was. Yeah. From Trader. It was really good, >> actually. Did you Did you eat your last piece? >> Yes. >> Okay. >> I sure did. I was going to say I didn't see it cuz usually if >> I ate it. >> I'll clean up the fridge. Leftovers >> pretty quickly. >> So pretty at the boardwalk. >> Dr. Allison Bud said the food is amazing. Got cake bake. >> Who said that? >> Uh doc dear Allison Bud. >> Cool. Thank you. >> Yeah, I'm I'm going. I'm excited. >> And you know it's not super cold because people are sitting outside. Here is my in between. >> There she is. >> So pretty. >> Indiana. >> They have one in Indianapolis, by the way. >> Do they really? >> Yeah. >> Interesting. >> Okay. Check out the menu. Jenna says you should vlog the cake bake. We will enjoy watching that. >> Roger. Uh, let's see who said it. >> Oh, Dr. Allison Bud, she also said you should vlog the cake bake. They would enjoy it. But everybody's going to be like, "Wait, you went and didn't get cake?" >> And you didn't get cake. Exactly. So, here's the key. >> You'll be like, "Yep, that is correct. You saw the vlog correctly. There was no cake at the cake bake." >> I might have to get the ham, rosemary, and goat cheese kiche. That sounds good. >> Gwendalin's signature chicken. Oh, that's gumbo. Where's this breakfast? Oh, up here. >> I'm actually we're going for lunch. We thought we were going for breakfast, but we changed it. >> I love eggs benedict. You know, I never used to until we went to Paulo's on the Now I love it. >> That was so good. >> Right. >> Crab cake eggs benedict. Uh, yes, please. [laughter] >> Cinnamon toast bio bites. I heard those are amazing. >> I'll take two. >> Mhm. Now I wish we were going for breakfast. Blackberry avocado salad. Kish and croissants. >> All right. One of each. >> Well, take them. >> This isn't even the cake menu. >> It's currently 10 degrees in New Jersey. Going to get down to two tonight. Looks like Disney was covering up the flowers. Yes, >> they are. >> We're going to be down in the 20s with a windchill in the teens on Saturday. >> On Sunday. Also, wait. >> Starting tomorrow. >> Wait, it's going to be tomorrow morning. >> 20s? I thought it's only Sunday. >> Not tomorrow morning. Like, it's going to start tomorrow night and cold and then Okay. I thought you said it's going to be in the 20s and the teens on Saturday. It probably won't be in the 20s until Sunday morning. >> The wind chill might be supposed to be in the 30s tomorrow night. >> Oo. >> With winds and like the wind gusts are supposed to be in the 20 like 25 mph or more. >> That's crazy. >> That's why it's going to feel so cold. >> Yep. That's it. >> Yep. >> How much is that one cake? $350. >> No, I don't know. >> Also, also deal time. No, I don't. They're usually about $22 a slice. >> 22. They did they actually reduce the prices? Cuz weren't they so high? Everybody was complaining. A dollar. Oh, wow. >> Good job, Disney. >> Okay. No, they're not owned by Disney. They're their own. >> Oh, okay. >> So, what are we going to say? Go ahead. >> Um, so I was going to tell you that they appear at this hot dog um corn dog stand. Uh-huh. >> They have an amazing dessert. >> I feel like dessert when I'm at the hot dog. I'm trying to watch what I eat, but it's a lion roll. >> Interesting. >> Oh my word, they're so good. It's like pretty much like >> they're fried rolls. Like they put like the Hawaiian rolls in the monkey. What? If I'm saying Okay, your monkey bread is amazing. Someone relates to someone close to >> this place. The corn dog spot. >> Hey Dale, it's bear weather in PA. Bear down from one near fan to another. I like it. Oh, that's >> deep fried Hawaiian roll. Wow. So yeah, to be clear, Disney does not own Cake Bake. >> Okay, >> it is Cake Bake are owned by themselves. >> And yes, TPS. >> They don't charge $22 for cake. [laughter] >> Disney. >> I'll be I'll be over in the morning. I wish >> they >> I'm going to sleep in >> with peanut butter. You dip it in peanut butter. >> What? >> Pickle dog. >> I'm not a huge corn dog person. Jenna is. Me and dad. >> Yes. And dad corn dogs. istic >> that I could do. >> But here's what I was talking about. The Hawaiian deep fried Hawaiian bread. It is delicious. >> It looks It does look a lot like your uh the thing you make. >> Yep. Looks like like your monkey bread. >> Come back cuz dad wants to try these sometimes. >> Okay. >> Do a whole vlog and tell you guys how it is. >> A whole vlog. We thought about going to Flying Fish for last anniversary and then we did not. We went uh >> pricey. >> Yeah, it was a little bit more than uh we like to spend on food. What was it? They were doing um magic. >> Oh yes. Orlando's uh >> uh shoot >> magic dining. Magical dining. >> Magical dining. Orlando magical dining. >> Something like that. >> Where you can get go to a place and for like 60 bucks you get like a three course or two course meal. Something like that. >> You do three course meal for cheaper than >> Yes. Exactly. >> Got an entree at just because they were they were having a deal. >> Yes. And uh I forget where did we go? >> Evermore. >> Oh yeah. Evermore. Oh that was amazing. We have the video on Adventures of >> Adventures of Jenn and Dale at Evermore. I would much rather, I think, do that again just because the view and everything was so much better than the flying fish. >> What is it? Boardwalk. >> Where's the boardwalk performers? There was one back there. I'm not too sure what he was doing. He was just uh chitchatting with people, so [music] he wasn't really performing much. >> But yes, at Evermore. Check out the vlog. We tell you how you can get there cuz you can't just drive in whenever you want to. >> Nope. >> This is Florida. That is correct. >> Oh, here's another >> the boardwalk. Oh, we got a performer up here. >> Let's go see what he's doing. >> Let's see what this >> got a crowd. >> He does have a crowd. Oh, I see some >> juggling >> juggling stuff and a guy with a blindfold on it. Oh boy. It's not going to end well for him. He's a theater major. >> Oh, sorry. I know my digital. >> Moving on. All right. So, here's the deal. I'm directly in front of you. >> You start? Yeah. And I'm just going to queue off you. >> You're going off of me. >> Yes. >> Okay. >> All right. >> Sounds good. >> Here we go. >> Whoa. >> Oh, me. >> Whoa. It's working. >> I can't believe it. After all that time, all that, all the pressure that I believe it actually The sound of your applause is why I do it. It's the sound of your applause that warms my heart. High five. >> Somebody over there said they love the whole trick. >> They love the whole trick. >> He has a He has a hole in his blind. >> The loophole. >> The dads love that joke. The loophole. >> Okay, we cheated. >> Yes, they have a couple games. >> We're going to make it up to you. We're going to make it up to you by using a uh >> a victim. >> A victim? Oh, no, no, no. Volunteer. >> What did I say? >> You said victim. >> Yeah, I meant volunteer. >> We're not saying volunteer. This volunteer has to meet certain requirements. Come up here on stage. >> Oh, do you know these requirements? >> I do know these requirements because I didn't write them down. >> You didn't write them down? >> No. So, we should work together. >> Okay. >> The volunteers at the show currently. >> Well, that's helpful. >> Yes. Um they're at the show and uh they're they're nearby. That's fine. All right. And they are um they're they're getting ready. They they didn't know if it was going to be chilly or not. So they're like, "Oh, you know what I'm going to need is a Disney sweater. [music] You know what I'm saying? >> And you know what? I'm going to go see that juggling show. Let me go grab an open toe shoe. >> [laughter] >> you know. Oh, wait. Those are the two requirements. Our volunteer. Round of applause for our volunteers. >> There we go. >> Hi. >> Carol, where are you from? >> You see, he's working those >> caprio actually from Florida. >> Hi, Carol. I do me a favor. Stand right there. You look very concerned. Don't worry. You don't have to do anything. We will do all the work. >> Yes. Just stand still. look out to the crowd and uh hope for the best. >> All right, Carol, just stand still. So, what we're going to do, we are going to juggle around you. Here we go. >> You need to >> juggling around you. Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Told you. >> I don't think that's what they expected. >> No. Why? >> I think what they wanted us to do. Yeah, I got it, bro. I'm with you. >> He wants us to pass the pins around, Carol. >> Oh, yeah. We can do that. >> No problem, bro. Check it. >> Easy. >> Yeah. >> Take that. America's Got Talent. >> Yeah. Give us four buzzers right off the bat. >> Yeah. >> Show us, right? >> Okay. Um I don't think what they wanted us to do is actually safely pass the pins around. Carol, >> of course. >> Not aggressively. >> All right. So, Carol, I have some more instructions for you. Stand very still, arms down by your side. You cannot lean forward cuz there going to be pins flying at your face. >> Flying >> just like that. Now, also, Carol, you cannot lean back. Uh cuz there's going to be pins flying behind you as well. >> FLYING >> JUST LIKE THAT. ALL RIGHT. >> YEAH. This juggling pattern is a little different than our normal pattern. So, Carol, if you don't mind, can you take a big step back for us? >> Perfect. We're going to get our spacing down so we do this trick. There's absolutely no chance of any harm coming to the two of us. >> Yes. >> Yeah. Cuz we can be fine with Carol. >> Yeah. >> All right. George is going to test our wind, humidity, and things we worry about. [laughter] >> No, they really fell. That wasn't fair. >> Interesting. >> Okay. >> No, it's fine. That's weird. It's fine. >> Yeah. >> You sound like my parents. >> [laughter] >> Your parents don't talk to you. >> Like, hey, >> why'd you laugh at me? Guys are phony. My parents love me. Love me more if I had a real job. >> Yeah. >> Oh, hey girl. Uh, can you just stay where the pins collided? >> Perhaps. Okay. Uh, all right. Um, a little nervous. Yeah, you should be. We're really bad at this trick. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Jokes aside, we're actually very good at it. In fact, there is a 100% chance of success when I'm standing here on this side. >> When Nate's over there, >> and a 100% chance of success when Aaron stands over there on that side. >> Yeah, we're solid. >> So, now we'll switch sides. >> [laughter] >> Aaron Aaron. >> Oh, great. I was I was standing on a great, [music] >> you know. Can you understand the joke? >> That guy in the back. [laughter] >> All right. >> So, the rope used to be red. >> Yeah. It was just like a regular rope. >> So, now we have an LED rope. It's like, how do you get that joke in the show? >> You don't. That's what happens. You take it out. Okay. Um All right. Are you ready? >> Yeah. I'm not asking you to do anything. Are you ready, buddy? >> I am. Thanks for sticking with me. Okay. It's >> Are you guys filming? >> Yes. >> Um >> Okay. No, if that's okay. >> Yeah. >> Uh you can film. Do me a favor. If this goes well, post a video. >> Absolutely. >> Listen, if it doesn't go well, >> post. >> Definitely post a video. >> Post it twice. >> Put it on threads, whatever that is. >> Yeah. Then send it to MySpace. >> I'm done. >> You're laughing. I know how old you are. [laughter] What is MySpace? They say it. What is a library? What is a VCR? Okay. Uh, you're not going to move, right? Okay. Here we go. [music] >> All right, we're going to go faster. Here we go. >> Everybody give it up for the [cheering] round of applause. Our volunteers. Thank you so much. For everyone else watching who wants to see something dangerous, make some noise. >> Oh, we're going inside. >> We're going inside. >> There's the performers for tonight. >> They're good. >> They were [music] good. I had seen them before. >> You haven't? >> Have you? >> Which I don't make it out in these parts that often. >> True. >> Well, the copper tone's not getting sold out this weekend. That's for sure. >> The containers. >> The containers. What the >> candy containers you put the candy in [music] and you have trash candy. >> Ah, trash candy. And just as you were saying, >> I kind of want >> no sweets. >> Remember remember this conversation from earlier? Oh, those. >> And then you put your candy in there and you have to buy a half a pound of um candy. >> Guess what? >> What? >> We have Skittles at home. >> I can put them in there. >> We have other candies at home. No, no, but that >> you have a trash can at home >> and we can make this whole effect. [laughter] >> I want one of these trash can. >> Oh, one of those trash cans. >> Okay, >> actually this >> Oh, wow. That is a cool one. >> Polynesian. >> There we go. >> Should we get it? >> Sure you should get it. You can get crazy bananas. >> Well, but we we can't get any candy. >> You have to. Okay. >> No way. >> $14.99 and then you buy a half pound of candy. >> Oh my. You know what we do with this candy? We throw it away in about 2 weeks because we don't eat. >> Not crazy. [laughter] >> I need trash candy. >> We literally have so much candy. We had all the vol Halloween candy that we gave away. >> All the stuff. >> Have fun, sweetie. There you go. Get you some good candy. Actually, let's do Oh, we Well, then I'm in now. I'm in. I should eat pink. >> Peach rings. I'm in. >> Okay. Peach rings for real. Crazy colors for me. And some jelly bellies. >> Yes. The husband wife dynamic in the wild. It's a real thing. >> I can't even get this open. >> Oh, there's your sign. Don't run. Ah, sugar. [laughter] >> Half a pound. >> Look at her. >> I love kitty. >> That was crazy. >> Well, there's there's all we're having. There's your half pound. >> And then Okay, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. >> Uh, must. >> Yes, the peach rings. Got to have some peach rings. >> That's That's like the only thing I want. >> How does it work? >> Yeah. >> What? Oh, right there. >> Oh, you put them in here. >> Okay. >> Oh, that is interesting. Look at this. How we figure this out? >> Oh, Dad likes these. >> How many you get? probably. >> Well, they can weigh it and you can check it. >> Okay. >> Have them check it. >> Let's see what else we got. >> Disney character gummies. >> Zigzag one. Two bucks for Jenna's sweet tooth. Right. Oh man, I'm going to get one of these. [music] Let's see. >> Jenna's getting the candy wig. Now we'll get some of the chocolate. >> She got like a quarter pound of these guys. Did she just shush you, Dale? The audacity, right? >> Story of my life. >> Right on the money. >> Okay. >> Need the trash can. >> Need monies. >> Oh, you're connected. >> I'm connected here. >> Give me the Give me the battery charger. There we go. Give me the power cord. I wonder what else. She didn't even let me look. I could have done some sour gummies. And actually, I would have liked one of these chocolate [music] malt balls. I love me some Whoppers. I love me some Whoppers. And also, [music] oh, it would have been cool if they would have had espresso. Chocolate dip espresso beans. >> Empty them all. Whoppers, right? 100%. Mega Brian Whoppers. The best candy is cotton [music] candy. Peach rings. Yes. Got to love the peach rings. And also best ever gummy bears or not gummies in general. If you've never had Albanese gummies, you have to buy a bag. If you like gummies, gummy worms, gummy bears, Albanese gummies, your mind will be blown. And if you've had them, you know what I'm talking about. You can buy them anywhere. They're usually just like in the little aisle as you leave the stores, like a little bag or you can get them at Walmart or you can get them at anywhere. Albanese gummies. You know what's better than one bag of candy? Two bags of candy. That's right, Ariel. I'm going to try that. Dale, we have Skittles and trash can at home, [laughter] right? See, your name even says it. Resort budgeting. See, resort budgeting don't doesn't approve of your budgeting techniques. >> Now, get a a trash can. >> A trash can. [laughter] >> A trash can. A trash can cup. >> Yes. Albanese is a brand, Sean. Albanese is a brand. A LB A N E S E. They are. Yes. Jesse and Nicole knows. can. >> Yes, you did. Jesse Nicole, she knows you've had Albanese. >> You know what I'm talking about. >> They have some. >> Nope. >> I was just telling them the expert tip. >> We are on the boardwalk. Goofy's is over at Springs. >> What? >> Oh, not sure. Thank you for the super chat. >> Oh, we're on the >> Oh, yes. >> Trash can. >> Did you get the trash can? Did you get the super can? >> I got one uh from $2 for your sweet tooth. A was it from Zig Zagman? >> Yep. Zig Zagman. >> Thank you. >> Very nice. >> Zig Zagman's. >> Do you want me to take over enough or you want to keep it on? >> Doesn't matter. We can go on the boardwalk and then >> Okay. >> I do want some of one of those uh peach rings now. >> Right now. >> I absolutely right now. >> Cute. >> That's right. >> I I need it. >> Oh my word. Lifesaver gummies is where it's at. Lifesaver. I've had I do like those. Yes. And the Disney they give those out. Those are ones I don't give away. >> Halloween mate. >> Yep. Those are good, too. >> But if you haven't had Albanese, you got to give them a shot. I'm just saying. I've blown people's minds. >> What the heck is going on with this thing? >> It's a blue bag. >> How clever. sort of >> cute. It's a side bag. >> Oh, >> interesting. >> I like it. >> My first question always is, how functional is this thing? >> Actually, there's quite a bit of room in there compared to some bags. >> Yeah. >> Look at that. Interesting. >> It's also a pretty penny. >> I bet too. They're very How much? >> $90. >> Holy. They're proud of that thing. >> Dale, get your chocolate Whopper. I know. Jenna didn't give me a chance for a chocolate Whopper. >> You told me to go away. She said it was good. I'm just kidding. >> You want me to add more weight? More? >> Nope. I could have been good. I don't need anything. >> Alani is the best because it's made in Indiana. Oh, is it really? I don't think I knew that. >> I haven't seen this khaki. >> Oh, >> that's interesting. I did not know they're made in Indiana. >> I have the Arendelle Aqua one like that. I got it for crazy sale for 20 bucks. >> Nice. I like. >> Wow. >> Put it on Dale's credit card. >> Dale's credit card. >> Everything. That pink Loungefly. Something fierce. Yes. >> What we got here? Oh, that's a cute dress. >> Isn't it? >> That's a cute dress. >> You would look adorable in that. >> Thank you. It's very cute. >> All right, we'll go outside and then we'll get the peach rings. >> Hello, Matt. Hope Thank you for joining. Hope you're having a great Friday nights. Oh, we got some pins. >> Oh, man. This one is loaded. >> That's what I Yeah. So cool. >> I see a tip. >> Do you? >> Yep. >> Oh, Oswald. He's cute. [music] >> Cool. Thank you. Thank you so much. >> Very nice. >> I love how bright it is. >> It is very bright in here. It's actually very Graham flowish vibes. >> You're right. It does look a lot like their shop that they >> And we're back. Finley says hi. Hey, Finley. Is that Jenna? Hi, Jenna. Hi, Dale. Yes, it is. Okay, now grab me a peach ring, please. >> Yeah. Let's go find a Ben so I can get into the bag. >> Okay. >> Oh my goodness. We should put some lobsters in the can. I should I should shoot a hoop. Shoot a basket. >> I don't know. Lobsters in a can. >> No, I got B I got skills. I'm like Michael Jordan. >> Five shots for 10 bucks. Wow. I've won a couple basketballs in that thing. >> Well, tell Jenna I've have seen polo shirts in golf pro shops for 200 bucks. 90 is a bargain. That's right. >> But it's still 90 bucks. [laughter] >> No, he's he's actually trying to help me out. who is >> uh resort budgeting like well tell Jenna I've seen polo shirts in a golf shop for $200 so $90 is a bargain and but she knows better I will say it's still 90 bucks >> look at this guy yummy >> scared me >> it's 9:00 >> it is 9:00 and all is >> Oh yes the uh trash And thank you, Yamar. $14.99 with a purchase of a half pound of candy. >> Yep. But with my discount, it wasn't too bad. And I had a little bit left on a gift card. Bam. >> Gus says, "Okay, bet. Dale, show us the skills." It's 10 bucks. So, I'll pass. >> No. Now, it's good. >> Let me show What's your What do you got over here, sweetie? >> Bananas. Actually, these are banana. They're all bananas. >> Are we shopping with Kelly's car tonight? We should be. >> Jelly beans. Jelly Bellies and Dale's pig twins. Those are what put it over. These things weigh. >> I know they do, >> but that's fine. >> No, I did my >> That's what I said. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> You want a banana? >> Uh, what do I want? I don't I want another peach ring, please. It's all I want. Peach wings. >> They are heavier. She is not lying. This took it over the weight. >> But it's fun that they have these here cuz So, they have these trash cans at other places. If you go >> Where's this reverse to me? >> If you go to Magic Kingdom. So, here's your Candy with Jenna talk front. >> Whoops. >> Okay. Candy with Jenna chat. I know my hat. So, you can get the trash cans in any of the places that have like any of the candy shops. So, Animal Kingdom, Magic Kingdom, Springs here. And [crying] but if you get them at Magic Kingdom, all they have are M&amp;M's and Skittles, which is fine. That's one. >> You get them at Springs, they have all these options, but the gummies. >> M. This is the only one I remember seeing with gummies. Unless Animal Kingdom had gummies. I don't remember. >> Interesting. >> Yeah. >> So, uh, Boardwalk, uh, shop, screen door shop for the win. >> Yep. >> I know. Crazy bananas. >> Crazy bananas. How are I'll take two bananas that way? >> Please. >> A banana. >> A Sean. >> Sean. >> Banana. That's not a banana. [laughter] >> You got a jelly belly in a banana. >> It might taste like a banana. Who knows? >> Yes. Or a lemon. >> Let's see what what the flavor of this jelly belly is. >> One more banana and that's it. Do you want more? Cuz I got to quit. >> Luckily candy lasts long. It's not popcorn. >> Lemon. >> It's not like strong lemon. Not sure where it is. I see fireworks. Let's see here. Flip-flop. >> Where's my phone? >> It's right Oh, can barely see it. >> Right over the peak. Not sure. >> They saw orange foam peanuts. >> Thank you, Sean. I don't know what your message means, >> Bobcat. I love foam peanuts. >> But thank you, Sean. >> Yes. Thank you, Sean. >> Do you know what this means? >> Maybe he's talking to you. Oh, I'm not too sure. Maybe Oh, for the hoops. >> Okay. I'm like [laughter] I'm not sure what that means, but >> Okay, I got it. >> He wants you to play the hoop. >> Yep. All right. >> All right. Do we need to still plug in? Look. >> Unplug. >> Unplug it. All right. >> Hang on. >> Um, will this fit in here? >> We're going to go shoot some hoops. >> Hang on. I was so confused, too. >> I was like, >> Dale showing his game, hitting some three-pointers. Hey, Dale, ask if Disney has any of their discount stores that she was in a couple days ago in the area near Boston, Massachusetts. >> Oh, I don't know. All I know is they have, you know, two here and then there's one somewhere in southern Florida. >> Yep. I don't know of any in other states, but >> yes, foam penis jelly mermaid. That is correct. >> All right, Dale, you got a um you got the cord still in the back. >> Okay. Yep. I'll give it to you. >> I'll go. >> All right. I guess Dale's going to be shooting some hoops thanks to Sean. Oh, there's the fireworks. >> Oh, you put it inside, don't you? >> It doesn't matter where it fits. I barely fit the trash can in there. Unless you're worried you'll embarrass yourself. He says, "Wow, Sean, >> we're game talking now." >> I don't mind. I don't mind trash talk. >> If I make it, then you got to double up the money. >> Oh my. No, you do not. Dale, Dale, Dale. >> Then I got to If I make it, I'll give the basketball to a kid. >> Oh, there you go. >> Cuz you don't need it. Okay, here we go. But what if you can pick a a plushy? I don't need that either. >> Oh my word. Do they have L boooos? If they have a little boooo, you can get me a little boo boo. >> Dale, you forgot to >> No. Okay, thanks. I'm like, what is happening right now? >> 15 shots. Just kidding. Five shots >> this way. >> Yes, please. >> Five shots. This is the lobster thing we did. It was so fun. Hilarious, too. Hi, Chris. >> Dale's a master hoop hoopster. We're going to see. >> About to find out. >> We're about to find out. >> Okay. So, you have five. Okay. All right, he took the jacket off. It's serious. >> Ah, close. >> Oh, that's to the right. >> Dale. tail. >> Yeah, I was way off. And it's got to get banked. >> Oh, there it was. [gasps] All right. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Let's go check the fireworks out. >> Of course. >> The last one. No pressure on the last one. >> Not even. Well, yeah. The freebie. >> Exactly. That's why there was no pressure. >> The freebie. And it because I was trying to bank it because on these those games the the hoops are so small you have to bank it in. >> Oh, is that how it works? >> All right, guys. We're gonna show you a little bit of the fireworks right here. >> I want I really wanted to give my kid a basket. >> A It was $10 for five. >> $10 for five. Thanks. >> That's right. >> Josh is over in New York right now with Liam. >> Well, we came to watch fireworks and they quit. They're going to come back here in a second, but we can keep making our way around. But this might be the best view. >> Sean says, "Worth every penny for that." [laughter] >> At least I made one. Too bad it didn't count. >> Yep. >> Oh, there you go. >> See it? Oh, right there. Yep. >> Hi, Lane. We're doing well. I hope you are, too. Thanks for joining us tonight, guys. Uh, let's talk about David's Vacation Club rentals. dvcre request.com/tv. If you guys would like to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa like the boardwalk or beach club for a fraction of the cost, go check them out. Again, dvcre request.com/tv. David's Vacation Club Rentals. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. Thank you so much. Glad you guys are having fun. Hey, Kathleen. Sure you could, Sean. >> Sure you could. >> Pretty pretty backdrop there with >> It is >> beach club. >> It's a lot more peaceful around here tonight. >> It is. It's nice. Very nice. We'll take it. He sunk it when it counted. The last chance. >> Hi, Sarah. Um, I'm not sure. I've got to go film a video before I can post it, but I know I'll be live again on Monday. So, stay tuned for Monday. Magical Monday. >> [music] >> A thanks, Jelly. You're so sweet. I would have missed every single ball, even the free one. Yeah, me too. Hi, Debbie. All right. Well, >> walk around, >> I guess. Unless >> we keep walking and even show that way. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Pop because Yeah. They're playing the music in between the fireworks and stuff. >> Yeah. >> Uh no, cuz Josh isn't here. So, there will be no no Saturday stream. >> What's the firework? >> We have plans. Dale and I have plans Saturday tomorrow. >> Stay posted on the Dale RTV. >> Yep. >> Insta. >> Instagram. >> You may see what we're up to. >> You might see what we're up to. Yeah. We're not going to do a vlog. I don't think we're just going to enjoy. It's gonna be so cold. >> It's gonna be cold. >> So cold. >> It's outside. >> Yeah, it's an outside event. >> But it's um >> We did it two years ago. It is a good time. >> It is a good time, >> but it was not nearly as cold last time. >> No, it was not. >> Hello. Hello. You're so welcome. Thanks for being here. [music] I would love to stream Epic Universe again. Um I'm hoping to get a ticket sometime soonish. They're a little bit cheaper, you know, on the off months. However, it's colder, so there's that. But um I don't know. We'll see. Stay tuned. [music] And like I said, I miss Epic so much. We just have to buy a ticket every time [music] we go cuz they're um they don't have APs available. So, one day we'll have an AP there. And Tim says, "Are you going to Sarasota?" [laughter] Maybe, Tim. Maybe. That's funny. >> What? Hi, Cindy. So [music] Josh is in New York with Liam. What a cool trip. Yeah. Isn't that fun? >> Yeah. I wonder too if it's going to be lower crowds tomorrow because probably not tomorrow. Maybe more on Sunday because it's going to be really cold on Sunday. >> When is all going to be in the NBA? >> I have a busted knee. My NBA dreams were crushed when I was born. >> Oh my goodness. >> Swan a dolphin. My goodness, >> the echo is cool. >> We ran up here on our 10k. >> Yes, we did. It was fun. >> We have a we have a vlog on that. >> Epic on February 23rd. I was thinking [music] just saying February 23rd. >> Is that a Monday? >> No. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Oh, here we go. >> Oh, there we go. >> Or should we go down one? No, I think we got to go. >> Hi, Alisa. Alicia sat this area >> or Alyssa. Sorry. Here we go. I see fireworks now. Oh, beautiful. >> Pretty with the more lights. >> Yeah. Gorgeous. >> He is not performing. No. Look at that silly fish. Thanks, Sean. >> Chewy. Chewy. I should have >> It's a cute one. Resort budgeting, >> daddy. Oh, those are the hearts. That's fun. You can see the hearts from over here. They are Mr. It's going to get cold. >> Oh, wow. finale. >> I missed it. >> The finale >> in my video. >> You did, but I didn't. >> No, [laughter] you missed it. >> Josh is in New York tonight. In New York with Liam. All right. >> All right. Yeah. Let's cruise around. Turn back up the sun. There we go. All right, let's go explore the beach club. >> We never won in the morning. >> Nope. We went in the shop. >> Ask Dale, what team does he like, New England or Seattle? >> Uh, we go for Seattle. >> Me, too. Samezies, samesies. Not a big uh New England fan. And also our friends like the Seahawks, so we're gonna go with that. >> At least for me. I don't know Dale's reasoning, but that's my reasoning. >> I'm just impartial. So yeah, I'll go for Seattle. Even though I sort of like the story of Greg May. >> Yeah, me too. Uh I think so, R.J. I'm not sure. We can Yeah, we can resort buding. Yep. This is where we ran across as the sunrise was coming at the beautiful sunset above the >> We had to veer off because of all the runners. Like >> it was gorgeous though. >> It was. >> If you guys haven't seen our video, go check it out right here on Resort TV 1. >> One >> 10K and Dale. >> Mhm. >> Great view. I think we should go to the dance hall and bust the moves. >> You think so? Yeah. Okay. >> Tear it up. >> Perfect. [laughter] Yes, I did see Universal announce we're getting a new um roller coaster. It's going to be like the one they're building in Hollywood right now. The Fast and the Furious roller coaster. I'm from New England and I don't care about the Pats, but I actively dislike football. That's funny, Britney. >> I just remember when we would play them all the time when the Colts would play them and I wasn't a fan then. So, >> the Pats would always win. >> They would always win. Well, not always. >> Yeah, they've been win all win the big games. Yeah, but I think Colts beat him at least once or twice in the maybe at least once. Super Bowl. >> Well, they beat the Bears. >> They did beat the Bears. I remember that. That was awesome. >> That was boohoo. >> Um, that was the luminous fireworks. Seahawks for the win from this Bears fan. Annette says, "Happy Friday, >> Kimberly. Thank you so much. >> You're going to be at the boardwalk in 143 days. That's so exciting. We >> got the compound. I'm going already. Got the countdown for the Disney. >> Yeah. Wonderful stream tonight. Jenna and Dale. Now heading to our home at Beach Club. Awesome. >> Yes, we are. >> Very good. >> I wish we'd have a room here. >> Resortill. >> I know. Wouldn't that be nice? >> Gosh. Sleep in. I finally get to sleep in tomorrow. >> You get to sleep in. Yay. That's exciting. >> Work has been crazy. >> Yeah, it has. >> Not been a good month. >> Well, it got better. >> It got better. Payton Manning regularly beat Tom Brady in the playoffs in Indie and Denver. I thought so. >> Payton was amazing. Amazing. Okay, this is the Yach Club. It's getting chillier. >> Yep. >> That wind. >> Zip up. >> Mhm. >> I'm going to do the zip dazzle. >> Fantasmic. Oh, very cool. You're waiting on Fantasmic. Awesome. John, >> our countdown is 179 days. That's awesome, Britney. >> So, do that. What was that? >> Rooting for the Seahawks. >> Does the one sponsor they do the countdown thingy? Are they no longer a sponsor? >> No, I don't think so. Yeah. >> Or is that just like one off event? >> It was It's usually during the Christmas season. But speaking of sponsors, we should also chat about a few more. >> Um, we have here. Let's walk down the down to the lighthouse and back. So, let's see what's our next sponsor. We talked about um let's talk about dreamtable.co. dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to get those really hard to get reservations, um, dreamtable.co can help you get those reservations. So, all you have to do is download the app or go to dreamtable.co. Go um in the app and put in the reservation that you're looking for, the restaurant, then put in, you know, all the information, how many people, what time, you know, what date, what time, all the things, and they will notify you whenever it becomes available. So, again, go over to dreamtable.co Oh, and check them out or download it on the app store. Has Dale been on this amazing slide? Um, no. You've never stayed in this resort, right? >> We did when we when I was growing up. We were DVC, so we stayed here a couple times, but >> I don't think Yeah, I don't think you stayed there with us. I know, right, Jacob? It's going to be so cold. Crazy. Hi, Deanna. Thanks for 1300 likes. >> Wow, cool. >> Mr. Master, congrats on 10 months of Resort Hopper bronze. 10 months on your side and already down to 36 for Vero Beach and the parks. Time is moving fast. That's awesome, Mr. Master. Thanks for being a member for 10 months. We appreciate it. 131 days until we're back at Porterans and Boardwalk. That's awesome. Captain Eio, fun little walk. Your countdown is a 100 days. I love the countdowns. I used to do that all the time, too, before we come to Disney. Hi, Laura. They're partying over there at the boardwalk. I can hear them. Hi, Rosalie. >> Yeah, they do. >> Welcome in. Also need to chat about Surf Shark, one of our amazing amazing sponsors. Yep. Hang on, guys. >> I've got to find Got so many pictures in my favorites now. I don't know if I'm going to be able to find it. I got to rescreenshot it. [laughter] So, go to surf shark.deals. [cough and clears throat] Sorry. Surf Shark.deals. Goodness. Where are you? Is this it? No. Those were my HHN houses that I was ranking. Oh, there's firework crews. So, Surf Shark is a VPN service and what a VPN service does is it keeps your data online safe. So, whenever you're out in public, um you know, the internet is not safe. So, um Surf Shark will secure your data online. It encrypts and it secures your data anywhere on any device. So, if you're using the Wi-Fi, you know, at your hotel, at a Starbucks, anywhere you're out in public, um it's not safe. So, Sur Sharkark will also block ads on any device, saving you time, saving you data. Um, it also allows you to watch Netflix, Hulu, Disney Plus in any country. Um, you can even watch different versions of Netflix in in any color. So, you can watch the US version, um, in the UK, etc., etc. So, go check them. Go check out Surf Shark at surf shark.deals/resorttv1. Let's head back this way. Surfshark.deals/ deals/ resorttv1. Use our code resortv1 for a good deal. So surark.deals/ resort TV1. Use our code resort TV1. Choose ptoon. >> Yeah, I haven't done one from Epcot in a really long time. >> I think I've only ever done it once. >> I think I went a couple times, but it was only for I believe Illuminations. I don't think I have done it for any other show. So that's how long ago it's been. [clears throat] Thanks for joining us tonight, guys. It's been a fun night. Don't go anywhere. We're not leaving yet. We're going to go We'll go into the yach club lobby and then we'll go over to the beach club. Show you around inside a little bit. My aunt will be at Walt Disney World in 103 days to celebrate her 80th birthday. That's so exciting. Happy early birthday to your aunt. Hi, Glattus. [clears throat] You know what? It'll be a chilly night to be on a firework cruise tomorrow night. if they even do it >> because it'll be really windy. >> They're gonna need blankets. >> Yeah, >> they're going space heaters. >> Yeah, Kimberly Paige, congrats on 26 months of Resort Hopper Silver. 26 months and going strong. Thank you so much, Kimberly. That's so sweet. Thank you for being a member for so long. 26 months. Amazing. >> Yes. Yes, it is. >> Yeah, Illuminations was a good show. I was ready for a new one, but it was a good show. Hi, Tracy. >> Happy Friday. Yep. >> Oh, yeah. We've definitely been on a firework cruise. We've been in the one here and the one at Magic. It's just been a while since we've done the Epcot one. >> I was on a firework cruise at Magic Kingdom with some friends for her birthday back in October. That was the last time I was on one, which wasn't that long ago. Um, and they're actually here right now. Rachel >> was for her birthday. Yeah. >> Frozen. Frozen. >> And they got all these covered up. All right, let's go into the lobby. I've never stayed in this one, but I've stayed in the beach club. But Dale and I did get to eat at the Yachtsman for the first time. >> Yes, we did. >> A couple weeks ago. >> Yep. >> It was delicious. >> Thanks to the Tobins. >> Yes, the Tobins. >> It was so fun. Delicious. >> Uh, I had Brussels sprouts, I think. I always had Brussels sprouts. >> Just Brussels sprouts. No, we had the pork, too. >> And the truffle fries and the mac and cheese. It was good. >> Oh, man. It's busy in here. They must have had some sort of meeting or something. >> A banter in a convention or something. >> Wow. Okay. No worries, Sean. Looks >> like they're all over in the >> Alen Compass. Yeah. >> Orlando now. It looks like snow. So funny. We're going to go down to the shop. My office is up here. It's where I like to edit and things and stuff. >> Yeah, Dale's here with me tonight. Okay, we're going to go to the market and the shop. It's right down here on the left. >> So pretty. Hey Spaceship Beers, how are you tonight? Thanks for coming into the chat. All right, I don't think we need the Wi-Fi, but just keep me posted and we can switch it if we need to. >> Hello Hi. >> All the 2026 merch. >> Get you some stunner shades, Dale. >> I got so many stunners. >> I got Michael Kors, Ray-B bands, and Coach. >> Those are a little bit out of my price range. >> Yeah, they're not they're not just the Disney glasses that I always have. Mine are from Walmart. >> I'm not fancy. >> Amazon specials. [clears throat] do love these bags and the ears. So pretty. >> Oh, there you go. That's a nice shirt. >> It's very thin. >> Is it? I like that though when it's hot. >> Tommy Bahama. Yeah, >> I think there's a uh >> Time Bahama Cafe or something north on the north side of >> Oh, really? >> Cuz I think I saved it to my uh >> Hey, David >> thingies. [music] >> David says, "Hello, Jenna and Dale. Please say happy belated birthday to my friend Dale." Mine was the 20th. Oh, no way. >> Oh, wow. >> But I'm a little older than him. Not that much, David. >> Happy birthday, David. >> Happy birthday. Yes. Hope you had an awesome day celebrating. Hi, Nanny Pooh Bear. Has Dale ever tried the roast [music] beef sandwich from here? Nope. I don't think we've tried any food from here besides treats >> from here. No. >> Yeah. >> Or are you talking about from the yachtsmen? >> Yeah. If No, we were only there once. So, we've tried one thing. >> Yep. And we shared it. >> We didn't have to. Well, that's why we got a lot of sides. >> Yeah, we did. We got all the sides. >> Yeah. Very nice. Very nice. Ooh, this one's fuzzy. I like the ones that are fuzzy. >> Yeah, it'll be nice and warm. That looks warm, too. >> Oh, this is Oh, this is the one that the lady >> Oh, the lady had on. Yeah, >> cuz you know the requirement was you had open towed shoes in one of these. >> You're right. >> 999. She did she did have them both. >> What are the coincidences? [music] >> Gotcha. It has some horseradish. What you going to buy me? Just going to get rid of that one. >> I already got it for you. Trash can. >> Okay. >> And candy. >> Okay. >> I was going to get you this, but you already in the trash can of candy, so >> it's out for the night. >> Well, I used some of my gift cards, so [laughter] >> look at this first first visit pin. >> Oh, cool. >> Cute. >> Honorary pin trader. >> Their pin board is cool, too. >> Yeah, I know. I love that. coloring book. >> See what ears they have. >> They have the Valentine ears. >> Sounds good. Jennifer, have a good night. >> Yes. Have a good night. >> Ariel Ellen says, "No fairale. No fair." >> For what? >> Because you said I already got the trash can. I can't I can't have jewelry. Come on, Dale. Come on. rules. >> Oh, yeah. I'm glad you told me about these rules. >> Oh my goodness. >> Broke. [laughter] >> All right. >> What about one of these? >> Oh, we already got the bananas. [laughter] >> Bananas or Pandora? >> And you chose bananas. Hey, that was your decision. >> Oh my goodness. You are funny. [clears throat] Tail. Dale. Dale. And then they have a place to get some food over here. >> Oh, we're going to check it. Okay. Skip the jewelry and go right for the negotiating for the blingy spaceship earth. I love how you think, David. I love it. Look at that, guys. >> That looks delicious. >> Yeah, it does. Oh, this looks so Looks like Oh, it's a sticky bun. >> So, made tomorrow morning for breakfast out of the microwave. >> Mhm. >> Looks fantastic. >> Yeah, you can only get those nautical ears and backpack here. They're exclusive to the yach club. It is true. Get your Mickey bar. Yeah. >> Mickey bar and your sandwich >> and hogen chocolate or >> Hey, there's a microwave for the sticky bun. >> Well, there you go. >> How about that? >> You're in luck. You're in luck, Dale. >> Disney. [snorts] A chocolate croissant >> for you. It's a very French >> cookie and cook time. No, we already got the crazy bananas. Well, and whatever that tea dessert was, so we're good. >> Oh, yeah. >> We [clears throat] don't need anymore. >> No, we had a a tea treat. It was a tea tree. >> It was a tea tree. >> Forget the jewelry. Go for the bananas. [laughter] >> The bananas. >> It was the official treat was a tea tree. Do you think they have buy it now, pay later for the blingy spaceship earth with a term of 15 years? I mean, if they do, then I might be able to afford it. But might is might is a strong word. [laughter] >> Maybeire decide on that or retirement. >> Hi, library. >> That or retirement? Okay, sounds like a plan. It could be >> the ship. >> Okay, >> shiver pirates up on here. >> I know. >> You're getting tired. >> I I made [laughter] coffee on the way over. I had a little >> You did? >> Yeah, I did. >> I did, too. When I got here. Oh, I I made it. >> Good for you. >> It's cheaper at home. >> Dale, Dale, Dale, you take the fun out of it all. >> I do. >> All right, let's go down this hallway. >> Like the P2 platter. >> Okay. >> A blingy spaceship Earth would definitely be grand and miraculous. That's right. Spaceship. I agree. Yep. There's a hidden Mickey in the carpet. David says, "Dale, we can move to Florida and Issa can go to the Florida school and I can use her tuition." So, there you go. Perfect. >> Use your tuition for >> the blingy space birth. >> Oh, the blingy spaceship. >> I think that's what you meant. >> Okay. >> Good evening from snowy Chicago. >> We got the Is that the yachtsman or Yeah. Or is that the >> No, >> that's alien compass. >> Is the alen compass on bay? >> No, >> I don't think so. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah, it is. Cuz that's not the yachtsman yet. Yachtsman's over here. That's the or that's I'm sorry. That was the um cruise cup. >> No, the cruise here. >> Well, then I don't know what that is. >> Isn't the compass? >> It's just like the little bar area. >> Yeah. >> Um I think that's alen compass then. >> Oh, >> it has to be cuz here's Cruise Cup and here's Yachtsman. Yeah, interesting. >> It's got to be the Alen Compass. >> I've heard that there, too, but I always just thought the Alen Compass was just a small area. >> That's the only place we've set in. >> Interesting. >> Here's the cruise. >> If you want to go someplace just to chill cruise, [clears throat] >> I'm not going to go in. It's too busy. >> You're just going to show it like that? >> Oh man, I didn't catch Dale. It's a little just a little uh a loungey small plates and drinks. >> You don't have to have a reservation there. Right here you do. The yachtsman. >> Yep. Yachtsman. >> I finally got to go. Yay. Thanks, Tobin. >> Hey, Mo and Jay. Yes, we cheered the pork duo and then we got a bunch of sides. We got the truffle mac and cheese. Uh Dale got the Brussels sprouts and the truffle fries were delicious. >> Those were good. >> Everything was good. >> It was. Yep. Um, we didn't get steak cuz well, we're just not a big >> We're not steak people. >> I We thought about it, but we're like, "Oo, that sounded good." So, >> if I would have got this, I think I would have gone with the chili and bass. >> Same. Agreed. That sounded good, too. So, >> Mhm. >> Yeah. It was yummy. Definitely recommend. If you ever get the chance to go, >> if you're a cast member, you get amazing discounts. >> Yep. Look at these guys. >> Huh? Who? What? >> Mickey's so cute. They're just chilling on the lounge chairs. He love it. >> Well, you don't like the Alen Compass, Sean? We like it. We We've been there a few times. They I love their bread with the dipping sauce. Oh, so good. Um, but I don't remember what else I've gotten there. But I did like it. We sat right over here in this corner. >> Yeah, we did. You're right. That's right. Doesn't look super busy. Yeah, we sat right here. Not that many in the pool tonight. >> If if any. I bet it'll be closed. I was going to say cancelled. I bet it'll be closed. >> I bet >> tomorrow night and Sunday. >> Yep. >> Let's head into the beach club. See what's happening in there. >> Go to beaches and cream. Get us >> Get us some ice cream. >> Get us some ice cream along kitchen sink >> or grilled cheese and tomato soup. >> Okay, that sounds better. >> Yeah, cuz it's chilly. Cruise Cup prime rib sliders. That sounds good. [clears throat] Your game room in there. Here is a beaches and cream. Yummy, yummy, yummy. They also have an outdoor window if you just want to get some ice cream to go. You can do that. >> Ask Corey the story. Corey the story. When when we went there, it was a handful of years ago. However, so hopefully they have improved a burger and fries. Takes no longer than 3 to four hours. Oh my goodness. Wow. >> Yeah. No, thank you. We're going to go in here. Another place [clears throat] Dale and I have been and it's been a long time is the Kate May Cafe. >> Oh my goodness, >> it is delicious. Actually, >> I went to sometimes. >> Yeah, it's cute, isn't it? >> Yeah. >> I've been to Kate May for breakfast recently with uh Ginger and Charlotte. I have that video up on the channel. Resort TV one right here. >> But we went for dinner with the seafood. Oh my goodness, it was so good. We went with mom and dad and the whole family actually. Um, one July 4th and >> one of my first years maybe. >> Yeah, it was one of your first Well, we were married. So, yeah. >> Okay. >> It was one of our first years coming as being married. >> That's how long it's been since we've been since we've been to Kate Maz. >> So much crab. >> However, I think you have to pay extra for the crab legs now. >> A lot more. >> People took advantage even though you're already essentially paying plenty for them. Yeah. Um, had to fill up the wood stove here in Nova Scotia. Oh, yeah. Stay warm. >> Kate May Cafe for breakfast is my fave. Yeah, it was really good. I I definitely recommend it. There's also characters, so you get to meet and greet with Mickey and I think it was Was it Mickey, Minnie, Goofy? Forget was it Pluto? I forget now. I'm going have to go back and watch my own vlog. But this is it right here. Kate May Cafe. Um, all right guys, here we are in the lobby. Oh, that's awesome. Anoa J. Love that. One of the best chefs. He He's the best special diets allergy chef on property for gluten-free folks. I love that. recruited. Much >> more light than this one over at >> the yach club. Yeah. Much brighter for sure. >> When my kiddo was a little toddlering, >> they had a character breakfast here. She picked some fuzz off of chip and nail. Oh, that's so funny. [clears throat] All right, we're going to go into the shop. It looks busy. >> I love this bag. It's so cute, >> man. I smell pizza. >> I do, too. >> Yummy pizza. Oh my. Look at this bag. >> Ice cream cone. Oh, it's a Loungefly. So, it's $80. It's a little big deal. Um, that's cute. I have not seen that. That's really cute. >> And that's not very functional. >> It's not functional. Dale says >> not functional. >> So, Oh, interesting. >> Okay, that's funny. So, it's more for pretties. This is cute. Couple new things in here. Yeah, definitely pizza up in this place. >> Yeah, it smell They must have just made some new >> fresh pizzas cuz man, it smells good. >> You're going to fall asleep. >> How many people did I make yawn? >> They may yawn because of Dale. >> Quite the amount of ice cream. I know, right? We back. >> We should be back, guys. Sorry about that. >> I still love this Figment Egg Slicer. >> Oh my word. >> I love it so much. He's so stinking cute. >> That's pretty cute. >> $15. >> $15. >> Sorry, guys. Had to switch to Wi-Fi. Oh, this is fun. Winter Mickey >> yellow sponge cake. >> I love yellow cake. What's this? >> White and chocolate cranberry parfait. >> Oh man. >> I've always wanted one of these for my birthday. I'll just >> Okay, we're going to need a group of people. Everybody come join us. >> You get half. I get half. >> What? You can have the whole thing. >> So, just remember. >> Okay. I'll put it on the list. >> Wait. Chocolate. These things. They do look good, don't they? Makes a lot of meat. >> That is a love sandwich. >> All right. >> Reminds me of Bies. >> Bies. >> Bies. >> Oh, I love their sandwiches at Bies. So good. So good. >> So good. So good. >> You gained 30 lbs just looking at the desserts. I know, right? >> Inviting also. >> Yep. Very pretty. Oh, the seats. >> Hi, Aaron. Anything else tonight or >> No, you guys are good tomorrow. >> The salarium in here. It's always pretty just to hang out. So, uh, also go check out Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Again, Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified. You can get the ebook, the hardcover copy right there on Amazon. I think my throat's getting dry. >> Yeah. >> I know. Isn't it cute? >> Goodness. I'm going to need a drink. >> So again, Behind the Ride in Disney Demystified. You can even get the audio book of Disney Demystified on Amazon as well by David Mower. Check it out, guys. So pretty. [music] >> I need a drink, please. Yep. My throat is really dry. What is John doing? I missed it. Oh, that it's 85 in Anaheim. That's crazy. Can you shout out my parents, Rich and Melissa? I went to see if they're watching from Pennsylvania. Hello, Rich. Hello, Melissa. Hope you guys have enjoyed the evening tonight. It's been a fun Friday Night Live. Dale took a seat. Thanks, sweetie. >> Yep. >> So peaceful. Just getting back from dinner, but left the stream on for our pups. Oh, thank you, Ann Marie. Very kind of you to leave the stream running. Take a seat. Take a load off. That is exactly what I'm doing. Leg was going little numsies. I had to take a break. >> Yep. >> Well, take a little stroll out to the water here. [clears throat and cough] >> Actually, let's do that. >> Such a nice resort. I do love this resort. >> [clears throat] >> Well, as we're waiting on Dale here, we'll just walk slowly towards the water. >> But we'll also chat about our >> or thank our amazing platinum members of the channel. We love to um thank our platinum members every stream and read their names out. So, let's see. Let me pull them up here. We have by you bow total care Tom Amy Moore big guy one Tiffany Mertz love go mini Diane 515 Jack Sparrow Sorcerer Mickey William Lily my crazy grown-up life Chuck Polly the amazing Jayla Moxley Ski under Dani will Miller Christopher Black James Han Ali Verismo and Alan Hey, thank you so much to all of our platinum members of the channel, all of our members of the channel, all of our Patreon members, as well as hoppers, moppers, boppers. Don't forget to pop the like button and shoppers, of course. Dale's still there. Thank you, Miss Disney fan. I'm glad you guys enjoyed. Thank you so much. And uh tomorrow, I don't think there's going to be anything, but go back and watch some of the videos that you've missed, some of the streams. If you didn't see our Animal Kingdom video, a stream from Wednesday, go back and check it out. [music] My um vlog from the Disney character warehouse, go check that out as well. Um over on our Dale and I's channel, Adventures of Jennet and Dale, we've got a couple vlogs that we posted. Um one from the winery and then one from Dale's birthday. So, you got a lot of things you can watch this weekend if you've not already. And if you have seen those and you can go back and just check out um other things on their channel that you might have missed. Hello Desard Dream, how are you? >> Thank you Diana. >> Let's get another little better view here. >> Dale, where'd you go? Dale. [clears throat] You can hear him over here. I'm uh Oh, awesome. I remember your daughter was wearing it and Jenna loved it, so that's why I got it for her. Oh, wait. What? I missed it. I don't know. Talking about something. But that's cool. [laughter] Oh, the stitchy headband. That's right, Monoa J. Oh my goodness. I love it so much. It's so cute. I think I wore it on 626 day. I mean, I've worn it more than that, but I remember that for sure. A Thank you, Mark. There's Dale. Hello. Get your ears on. Been ninja watching for a while. Love yach club. Awesome. Thanks, guys. Well, I think we're going to go ahead and wrap it up. What do you think, Dale? >> Head out. >> Sounds good. I'm going to fall asleep. >> I know you're getting pretty tired. >> Yes, I am. when there aren't new streams, I like [music] to go back and watch the challenge stream. Oh, fun. Yeah, lot of things you guys can check out and watch. >> So, again, thank you so much for joining us. It's been a fun night. Thank you to Dale for hanging out. Mom and dad for hanging out early and all you guys as well for joining us. >> Yeah. Thanks everybody. It >> was a good night. >> It was a good night. >> Yes. >> So, I'll for sure be live on Monday. So, make sure you tune in Monday. It'll probably be around 10:00 cuz I don't think I'm going to go super early. It's going to be cold. Yes. >> Um, so have your notification bells on. Go over to Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Go hit that subscribe button and check out all the videos over there, too. >> And also on the Instagram, Adventures of Jenn and Dale. >> That's right. All the things, guys. >> Follow us there as well. Absolutely. >> And uh, Dale RTV. >> Yeah. To see what >> And of course, Resort TV1, >> but tomorrow night. >> Why are we lagging? We're just We're standing in one spot. Okay. It's okay. >> Okay. It's okay. >> I think we're okay. >> You got this, YouTube. >> All right, everybody. Okay. Well, thanks again. Have a good night and we'll see you soon. >> Yes. Have a great night. >> All right. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Bye-bye. in the deep left.
