---
video_id: Z_idimVT1jI
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Tranquil Tuesday - An Evening at Epcot Festival of the Arts - 1-20-26 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-01-21
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_idimVT1jI
---
[music] [music] light up. right now. Why are you so bad? [music] Happy birthday. [music] [music] [music] Oh my god. [music] [music] I don't know exit. [music] [music] birthday. [music] [music] This is [music] Good. [music] [music] Thank [music] you. Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with the Resort TV1 and I am live for Tranquil Tuesday here at Epcot. Welcome in everybody. Thank you for joining me for this very breezy tranquil Tuesday here at Epcot. And uh, of course, today is a special day, at least for uh, those of us from Indiana cuz we had uh, a little bit of a football game last night. So, I I found something in my uh, closet. So, hi everybody. Uh, so I got my uh, IU Marching Hund shirt on. So, there's my IU Marching Hund. That is a shirt that I got I believe in 98 or 99. I can't remember which year it was that I was at IU. But anyway, that is my [clears throat] marching shirt and it's uh at least 26 years old, maybe 27. So that's pretty cool. I was glad to find it. I was hoping I still had it and it was indeed in my closet. Um so that was pretty awesome. It was a great game. Um but just really cool to find the shirt. Wow, it's very breezy under here. Really cool to find that shirt and just amazing to be able to um celebrate that. [laughter] So, we have to start with a little um a little sports celebration um on the Tranquil Tuesday. I almost called it Triumphant Tuesday. So, though you can't see here, I'll have to I'll show you a picture. The back side of the shirt is really cool. It actually fits really well. But here's the front side again. So, and yes, I ordered my championship shirt, uh, my IU championship locker room shirt and a couple other things. So, those should be coming in soon. Here, let me flip it back to the front real quick. Um, so the back side of the shirt actually is this tradition of excellence is never inherited, it is earned. I thought, wow. I mean, that was the marching hund one of our kind of mottos um and vision statements throughout the time I was there. And um if you don't know, marching hundred is I use marching band and they were there last night and they sounded amazing as always. But that I thought was very very fitting for last night. What a great game. So thanks gentlemen. That's right. H whoers. What a game. Okay, but some people said this earlier. So before I I'm going to go on Spaceship Earth here in a second before I get too far. Let's do a little stroll. We'll talk about the game really quick. For those of you that don't like football, I'm sorry, but you know, kind of a big deal. I use first ever national championship. First team to go 16 and0 since Yale in 1894 when football was a totally different thing. Like you know, pretty cool. Um but credit to Miami if you're a Miami fan. Um, it obviously is always going to be disappointing when your team loses, but your team played really, really well. It was a great game by two really, really great teams. There were some there were some questionable plays here and there, but you know, it's football, right? Um, [clears throat] but honestly, like Miami totally proved last night that they deserve to be there just like IU did. It really was. What a great game for the fans. And if you were not a fan of either team, what a great game for you to just watch and enjoy. It was just a good football game. um two teams that both had every right to be there and uh two teams that really was the best two teams in the country and they proved that. So good good game. But yeah, Big 10 is legit. It really is. Um and you know a while [clears throat] back it used to be kind of flailing a little bit. I heard some people saying today that you know when with football and college programs and even NFL teams you're going to say oh well you know I inherited this so I I just need all this time to to turn it around. And it's like, yeah, signetti kind of threw that argument out the window. So, you got to just like go with it now. The [clears throat] block punt and the fourth down touchdown with the difference. Absolutely. Yes, 100%. And the interception at the end sealed the deal. I I agree with that analysis. Yeah. I think the cuz the Hooers were IU was kind of struggling in the second half. I was getting worried. I was like, "Oh, no." Like like um Miamiy's got their number because again, [music] they're a great team. It was two great teams and it was a lot of it was a chess match at one point, you know? was like a lot of [clears throat] strategy to figure out who's going to get, you know, with two great teams, it's going to come down to a couple plays and that's the way it is. So, who's going to make those plays? And it happened to be IU. Now, it's a cap off to a perfect season. Obviously, it was nice to have that. Um, but yeah, yes, Mendoza definitely definitely got some uh hits that should have been called as penalties. I think everybody agrees with that, especially the one where he got his lip [music] busted open. Uh but either way, yeah, the block punt and the fourth down touchdown. That Mendoza touchdown. Holy cow. Him going in there. He was just like a he was like a bull going in there. There was you were not going to stop him. He was just like, I see the end zone and I'm going to go into it. And you know, he had the strength and the speed to back it up. But cuz I thought when he hit the first down, yes, he got the first down. Now they'll be able to they got now they got four downs to get it in there. And then and then he was and then he like did a little spin move and a juke here and a juke there and he was in there and I was like, what is happening? Yeah, that was one of, you know, all the all the analysts are saying it was one of the best. It's hard to say that anything's the best, but one of the best plays [music] um in college football history. So, yeah. In 1894, they actually used the pig, not just the pig's skin. [music] No, I don't collect any Disney Lego sets or anything. My son Liam likes Legos, but no, not really. Um, mom and dad do or mom does. They should add that cool blue LED line to the Montreal track. That would be cool. Hello from Michigan. Harra for IU. They just got back from Florida. Oh, that's awesome. When's [music] the parade? I mean, I know there's going to be a parade in Bloomington. By the way, I saw footage again. I went to IU. I showed you my shirt. [music] Um, they were down on Kirkwood, which is uh it's like just off just outside the sample gates. Party central. That's where all the all the you know, all colleges have the famous bars. the bars at Indiana State where I also went. It's the Bali who um at um at um at IU. It's Kilroyy's on Kirkwood and a couple other places. Uh but they you showed the kids out there and it was like below zero, but they were they were there. It didn't matter. Temperature did not matter. How cool for them. How cool for all of them. So yeah, must have been on empty. I got about three and a half hours of sleep. So it took me a while to like calm down after it. I was watching, you know, of course when you win, you want to watch all the analysts talk about how great your team is, cuz it's so painful to listen to them talk about it when they're not good. Oh, here. Wait, wait, wait. Let's Let's watch this. From twilight town hills and rainbows play a princess a lot of heart. [music] [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Happy birthday [music] costumes. [bell] A brand new shoe. [music] I'm happy. I'm happy. [music] the right way. [music] [music] [music] I bet you can film all kinds of things. Of course, it's your key to lock in walls. [music] A dream [music] come [singing] true. That's one smart [music] imagination. [music] We can [music] make our friends [music] [music] [music] come true. [music] I love that show. That's great. [clears throat] And the music is so cool. Like the old school Journey into Imagination music. It's so awesome. So, yay. I'm glad they have that in there. I was just reading through some of the comments. Hi. I was just reading through some of the comments. Um, you know, we were talking about the the game and everything. I love this one. Walt got my wall. It says, "Roll tide till I die." But I am happily admit that the the Indiana team is as good as any that ever took the field. 100%. And you know what? It's funny. I felt the same way about Alabama during the the dynasty years. You know, I didn't like it that none of our Big 10 teams were doing well, but I could watch Alabama and go, "Yeah, Sabin, you know, Sabin years like they were just one of the best, you know, coach teams and one of the best playing teams of all time." They were. And IU is in that category. I think it's hard to say, like, it's always hard to say best ever. And people point to the other undefeated teams and all that and you know maybe they're better, maybe they're not. But the point is when you go undefeated and win the national championship like like a few teams have um you earn the right to be in the discussion. That's the point. So you know cuz you know like you could say it's the best or this is that. But I think it's awesome that all these you know fans of other teams are like hey like that was a legit good win. That was a legit good team. There was no, you know, it wasn't like they nobody could doubt that they deserve to be there when they're when they're uh undefeated and they beat wasn't like they beat a bunch of small teams, you know, they beat or a bunch of unknown teams. They beat uh all the not all, but they beat several of the powerhouses. So, that was cool. Super cool. So, let's go do Let's go do Spaceship Earth before we get blown away. Um, I saw somebody was joking around and said, well, I I guess joking around giving me a hard time saying, um, that shirt's out for a year and then put it back away. Um, I, uh, I don't think so. You know, obviously, listen, I'm a fan. I want it to continue. But Signetti's sticking around and he's the real deal. The win is great for football, no matter who you like. Yeah. literally the worst team ever in college football history. Like became the best team. That's a cool story. And yes, they need to Some people said they need to make a movie about it. That's a new version of Hoosiers. The Chipmunks drum solo, huh? Didn't have a single fivestar. No, we didn't. Anyway, all right. Let's go enjoy this. I'm going to try this with T-Mobile. It's probably going to lag, but since I'm getting rid of AT&T, I want to see how it works. One right there. Thank you. Yeah, we're going to do T-Mobile. It might lag a little, but I want to see [clears throat] how it is once I get rid of AT&T. I don't understand the request. I'm sorry. Oh, Ruggers holds your absolute worst title. I think just IU had the most losses of any major team. Was that what they were saying last night? Anyway, it was awesome. Yeah. Signetti said he's not going to NFL, but we'll see. All right, enjoy the ride. and may stop. [music] Remain seated at all times. During your slowm moving journey, your time machine will slowly rotate backward and may stop remaining seat cover. [music] [music] [music] Now locate the monitor overhead to the right. Make sure your face is clearly visible and wait for the flash. [music] Good. Send me the future. All the systems are go. [music] Good. Sending photo to the future. [music] All systems are go. Linking now to your gun. [music] Lack of grand and miraculous. [music] Lack of grand and miraculous spaces means our plan is the same. [music] We have been future. You all have recorded new [music] travel together. I'll show you how our ancestors [music] created the world we know today. And then it will be your journey to create the world of tomorrow. Here in this hostile world is entrusted with struggling to survive until we learn to communicate with one another. Now we can hunt the city and survive together. [music] It takes 15,000 years. It takes 15,000 years to come up with the next brighter vision. Recording our knowledge on cave walls. It was only one small car. When we moved, the recorded knowledge [music] stayed behind. Now, let's move ahead because something is about to happen here. Now, let's move ahead to ancient because something is about to happen here that will change the [music] future forever. [music] This unknown is invented. This unknown [music] Egyptian pounding is inventing paparazzi. [music] But it also brings with it [music] the dawn of great civilizations. [music] account. [music] [music] At this point, each civilization has its own formality which none of the others can understand. make their own special. They create a simple common alphabet adaptable to most languages. Remember how easy it was to learn your ABCs? Track the names. They invaded me. [music] [music] Please. [music] [music] [music] The rose is called the silver rose. The first world [music] and it's leading us into [music] the road. Rome falls and [music] the great library of Alexand Egypt is burned. Much of our learning is destroyed, lost forever. It turns out it turns out in the libraries of the Middle East, being washed over by Arab and Jewish backup system. The books are saved and with them are dreams of the future. [music] In the meantime, here in Europe, monks endlessly [music] In the meantime, here in Europe, monks to end aimlessly [music] books by hand. But that is about to change. [music] In 1650, Gutenberg [music] inventing press. Now knowledge can travel as fast as the unusual and travel their own [music] make it easier to invent the future [music] in every form and the result is an incredible explosion of innovation we call the Renaissance. Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music and singing] just now. And now [music] people all over the world sharing life with Extraordin driving the golden spike railroad. piano. She flew across the Atlantic and into the hearts of people around the world. I mean that's gone before somewhere else. [music] To send a man to the moon, we had to invent a new language spoken not by man but by computers. At first, very large and expensive computers had to see the customer. [music] amazing machines in their own house. They're as big as a house. The solution comes in all places, a garage in California. Young people with a passion for shaping the future put the power of the computer in everyone's hands. They go with billions of together. We form a super network [music] that glows with billions of interactions. And once again, we stand on the brink of a new renaissance. [music] [music] After [music] [music] [music] 30,000 [music] years of time after 30,000 years of time [music] passing Here we are. A truly great. [music] [music] Please remain seated. [music] Your time machine is rotating backward for your return to Earth. In preparation for your return to Earth, [music] your time machine is now rotating backward. Please remain seated. Attention. [music] You are now rotating backward for your return to Earth. Please remain seated, flight. [music] Attention travelers, please remain seated. [music] [music] For the first time, for the first time in history, [music] all of us can have a say about the kind of world we want to live in. The choices we have made for the past 30,000 years have been inventing the future one day at a time. And now it's your turn. [music] [music] [music] Let's have some fun creating the future, shall we? On your computer screen, answer a [music] few questions first. Then we'll show you a new world [music] of just ready. [music] [music] And now I believe your future is just about ready. Let's take a look, shall we? Welcome to the future. Or should I say your future. Here in your Pikachu, getting [music] away on vacation is a breeze. Your smart suitcase knows where you're going and what you'll need. And with solar power from your home fueling station, you're off. You won't have to worry about your pets while you're gone. Thanks to handy household robots, you'll meet your city home in an ultra light, ultra powerful network family car that can take you anywhere. Since you like to wait your virtual travel agent gives you options for hotels and restaurants along the way. You can just relax, take things as they come and safely [music] places you today. The moment you arrive and you're on the vacation destination dive right in the future end or should I say the beginning of your future. [music] So here's to the next 30,000 years on [music] space travel. While no one knows for sure what they'll see or do, I do know it will be quite an adventure. And it will take and [music] see you in the future. Welcome back. Welcome back, travelers. Now, okay, we're back. Well, that was a pretty good ride on there. There we go. All right. Sorry. So, I didn't have it set right, but I figured out that um Space of Earth was the only thing I was really using. AT&T for and so it's like not worth the $800 a year for one ride. And so I think it's fine. Yeah, I think it it it does the job. I just need to tweak it a little bit. So, let me get out of here and I can turn the quality back up cuz it's bad here with AT&T as well. Remember when the pavilions used to have sponsors? Yeah. I don't know if that's coming back or not. [music] I think we'd get better. we'd get, you know, some better like more budgeted attractions or something. I don't know. Maybe like cuz I know some of the the only reason Epcot, you know, was able to really even be finished because it was so expensive was because of the sponsors. So, yeah, that's a good that's a good point. Apologize for all the throat clearing. I actually went to the doctor um to get some more allergy med, but haven't been able to pick it up yet. a different type of allergy medicine. Um, but they didn't turn in the prescription on [music] time. So, time to get dinner going. Okay, Amy. And hey, Grey Rose, I saw you post about the membership stuff. [music] Um, the platinum membership still 50. Um, but yeah, somehow it it it it got you guys locked in at the bronze it looked like, but maybe it upgraded it. I'm not sure. Either way, we appreciate you guys supporting no matter what. So, thanks for being here. It's your birthday. That's awesome. Keely, happy birthday. All right. Yeah. I thought they were tall. They were high. Yeah. Yeah. The bit rate's back up now. Everything looks good. We're outside. [music] We can do good quality outside. Spaceship burst a giant metal ball. It's amazing that works in there at all. All right. So, let's go on the land and then we'll walk around the uh we could go on Nemo as well, I guess. And then we can walk around the uh world showcase art and all that kind of stuff. Hey, Tracy, Janice, Janice, Disney, and Sandy Pandy. There's the lamp over there. Like the lamp, not the wrap. This is really cool, this Broadway exhibit in here. So, I was thinking um so after I didn't sleep very much last night, I was thinking about, you know, not even coming tonight just cuz I need to rest. But I really wanted to uh really wanted to come out and hang out with you guys a little bit. I'll screenshot and send you an email. The only option for us to sign up for platinum is pay $65. Hey, no option for 50. Oh, weird. Hi. Hi. Just want to say hi. My parents are watching. Oh, that's awesome. We love watching you guys and thank you so much. Of course. You want to say hi to your parents on the stream. Hi, Mom and Dad. Thank you, Josh. Of course. Where you guys from? Um, I'm from Well, we're both from Clemson, South Carolina. Oh, nice. Yeah. Okay. Well, thanks for watching. We appreciate it. You guys have a good night. You too. Wonder why 65. That's weird. What are they What are they doing with the extra $15? I'll have to look that up. Thank you for letting me know, Grey Rose. I hadn't heard that from any of the other members. Did anybody else's membership fee go up? [clears throat] And it's just for platinum. I didn't I we didn't change the pricing at all. Game last night was super close. One of the most exciting games of the weekend. Oh, for sure. It was a game for the ages. It was a season for the ages. Uh, you know, it wouldn't have IU had such a great season, but it wouldn't have felt complete if they hadn't run the table all the way through. I was so nervous halfway through the fourth quarter and then like that false start penalty at the end. They could have just run it in. They could have just crossed the line and gotten a They got a false start at the end on their last possession. Um, because they were like second and one or something. Third and one, second and one, maybe third and one. I don't know. third and one I think it was, but it would have been really easy for them to just run it across one yard basically. And they could have then the game would have been over, but they gave him a shot because of the penalty. So yeah, it was everything. There was just so many twists and turns. Um, [music] and then when they did the interception at the end to seal it, I was like jumping up and down and trying not to scream and wake up Liam, but I was so excited. So, and so it's like, "Oh, they got an interception." I said, "No, they just won the game. That's the end." But then they had to do the the crazy thing was because of the celebrating which that [music] was kind of a a weird penalty to call. I mean yeah guy took his helmet off blah blah but like the game's over. Who car you know? Right. I don't know. That was a weird penalty. I was like part of they didn't call anything on Miami but they called us for excessive celebration. Like seriously. Um but anyway so so they um they had him at the one yard line for that last couple kneel downs and I was like oo I hope we don't take a safety. [laughter] I just assumed you increased which I'm more than okay with then said 50 for platinum at the end of the night on Sunday. I thought you would want to know it's saying 65. Yeah, for sure. Gay was no we did not. We didn't touch it. Um cuz increasing or changing it requires YouTube to approve it even like even if I decided or Jen and I decided to change the pricing, YouTube has to approve it. Um and we so I know it's like a process to do it. So I know we it's not something we could accidentally do. though. Let me Yeah, I don't know. I I'll I'll investigate that for sure. I will investigate. Thank you for letting me know. Yeah, they they they did they did fantastic. So much more exciting when your school wins as opposed to professional team. Oh, for sure. Especially when they've never won before and they've been so bad. So, again, if you missed it earlier, I got my Marching Hundred shirt on. It's kind of hard to see. And if you're wondering about the history of the Marching Hundred, the reason they're called the Hundred when they have, you know, two or 30 hundred people in the band is because John Philips Soua saw them early on in their history and said it was one of the snappiest marching hundreds he'd ever seen cuz they were a 10x10 block. So anyway, all right, let me try. And like I showed this earlier, the back of the shirt says this again. Oh, I I forgot to mention the Epcot the Epcot um I forgot to mention the Epcot connection here. Not there's not really an Epcot connection, but I'm just making one. This shirt is uh I believe this shirt is 98. And uh if that's the case, um the shirt was um when the shirt was made, Horizons was still open at Epcot. Now I feel old. If you use an Apple device, it's 65. For platinum, if you use a nominal Apple device, it's 50. Oh. So, wait. YouTube tax the Apple YouTube puts the Apple tax. How? Okay. YouTube puts the Apple tax on the top. Tim, thank you. I figured it might be some kind of extra fee. Isn't that silly? Apple should that should not be legal for them to do that. It's Google service. Apple should not be able to charge a fee for it. And that's what's so weird. Apple does that for super chats too. Um they charge an extra 15%. Um so basically if that's the case they would be um Apple would be um just getting $15 for no reason [music] basically because it was done on an iPhone. Wow. Well there you go. So Grey Rose try it on a uh you can actually do it on an Apple device but you can try it in a Safari browser. You can try it on Safari or just on a computer. Try it on a a computer. That might Yeah. So, we'll encourage everybody to join memberships from a uh computer because then you can still use the membership on your phone, but as long as you sign up for it on a computer, then you're good to go. Hopefully, it's nice there. It's literally freezing in the Northeast. Um it's a little chilly, but it's not bad. It got down to almost got down to freezing last night. This morning, I believe it was 35. So, yeah, it's still pretty chilly down here. I just went to such a great story. Yeah, I'm a band geek. I sure am. As a huge Ohio State fan, I'm so happy for Indiana last night. What a great season. Thank you. Yeah, you guys have obviously had some great seasons. I mean, last year Ohio State's always good. Always always well respected. And um you know, I just Ohio State has made the Big 10 legit for a long time. You know, there's a lot of other good teams in there, but Indiana being, you know, at the top of the Big 10 for the first time ever was cool. And then the champ the national the Rose Bowl was cool. And then the championship, like it was just so many firsts. Yeah, they need to make a movie about it. Wonder when that started. We've been paying 50 for almost two years. It's probably just recent. I missed the news about it. So anyway, let me ride the ride here. But yeah, I don't I don't know, but try it. Uh, forever DM, I don't know what you're talking about. Chip and Chipmunks drum solo at Epcot Garden Grill on tables. Yep. Have no idea what you're talking about, bud. Sorry. That is not a sentence that makes any sense to me. There was a report the Raiders will try for Netti. Oh, no. They're not. He already said he's not going. I mean, you know, they can change people can change their mind, but I don't think he's interested. It doesn't sound like. All right, let me turn on the um let me [clears throat] turn on the uh the different connection here. Be right back. Okay, hold on, guys. I'm trying to figure out why the Wi-Fi didn't kick on. Give me a second. [music] Hello. Thank you. [music] Hello. Hello. Hold on, guys. Watch your step. For your safety, remain seated. All right, we're back. I had to Wi-Fi was being kooky. Parents, please. Nobody behind me. It's going to be a quiet ride. Enjoy the quiet ride. We're using video lights until we reach the green houses. Thank you. Now sit back, relax and enjoy living with the land. Flash the video and in [music] [music] welcome to a voyage of discovery and awareness of the richness, the diversity, the often surprising nature of living with the land. Our journey begins as dramatic and sudden changes are sweeping over the land. The approaching storm may seem violent and destructive to us, but to nature, it's a new beginning in the cycle of life. Beneath the surface of the land, roots trap water from the flowing mud precious nutrients and minerals. These elements when combined with sunlight create the diverse living systems of our planet. One of those living systems is the rainforest. Home to the most amazing concentration of life on our planet. These dense and beautiful forests cover only a tiny portion of Earth's surface. But they contain more than half of its planet. Rainforests are also extremely rich. living system providing us with oxygen, food, medicine and other essential our lives. In the desert, nature has created a very different but no less beautiful living system. And while this arid landscape may seem lifeless, it is very much alive. The plants and animals that have learned to survive in these harsh conditions make use of what little water they can find and avoid the scorching rays of the relentless sun. The American prairie once appeared as desolate as the desert. But over time, rainwater and nutrients gradually penetrated the hard surface of this land. Even the hooves of the mighty buffalo helped create the rich soil that would one day become home to the American farm. Of all the forces at work on the land, humans have had one of the most profound effects. The need to produce food for a growing world led to the enormous use and sometimes overuse of the land. In our search for more efficient ways to grow food, we often fail to realize the impact of our methods. [music] Today, we're learning to live with the land, [music] discovering better ways to grow food that will assure both human and environmental well-being. [music] [music] leaves and other living materials into our soil. We can make farmland more fertile without the need for chemicals. Here at Epcot, we're learning to reduce the need for chemical pesticides [music] by breeding and using natural predators like ladybugs and wasps to control pests. In the farmlands across America, we're learning that by plowing under vegetation containing natural fertilizers, we can enrich the soil without the use of chemicals. In our regions, we're learning to produce food on desert sea coasts by developing and planting crops that thrive on salt. How will we meet tomorrow's growing needs for food production yet still respect the needs of the land? Some of the answers are being discovered just ahead. To help us maintain these carefully controlled ecosystems and for your safety, please remain seated in your boat at all times. Welcome to our living laboratory where scientists from Epcot and the US Department of Agriculture are exploring innovative ways to produce bountiful harvests now and into the future. The tropics are home to the greatest diversity of plants on the planet. Many of these like papaya, bananas, cacao, coffee, and rice are well known around the world. These are just a few of the edible plants that have been an important source of nutrition for people living in the tropics. Many are rich in vitamins and minerals, while others are well adapted to growing in less than ideal conditions. Some, like the water lily, thrive in wet, swampy areas and waterways. All parts of this plant, even the flower petals, are edible. The starchy root of the plant has long been used to make flour for baking. One day, many of these lesserknown tropical plants may be as important as the bananas growing on both sides of the boat. More than 28 million tons of bananas are eaten annually, making it the most popular fruit in the world. Now heat. When we mention farming, you probably don't think of fish. But fish farming or aquaculture accounts for nearly half of all the seafood consumed globally. Tilapia, bass, and catfish like the ones you see here are three of the more popular crops raised by fish farmers. The sustainable system we're using here recycles the water in the tanks. As a result, we're able to save millions of gallons each year. Our small fish farm produces nearly 5,000 lb of fish each year to serve in restaurants around Walt Disney World. Innovations like this one can play an important role in our efforts to produce powerful harvests and still protect natural resources. Heat. Heat. While there are more than 50,000 edible plant species in the world, most of us are only familiar with the handful that make up our everyday diet. The common grains growing here, wheat, maize, sorghum, and millet, plus rice, account for nearly 2/3 of our global food consumption. Learning how to increase yields of these stables is an important goal of research around the world. These plants are definitely on their way up. Innovative growing techniques like these increase yields while more efficiently using resources like water, fertilizer, and pesticides. Another innovation at work here is our integrated pest management program. By populating our green houses with beneficial insects that prey on harmful pests like aphids and flies, we are significantly reducing our reliance on conventional pesticides. We're growing these crops using our nutrient film system. This technique precisely controls and recycles water and nutrients. With it, we can produce over 27,000 heads of lettuce a year in this one small area. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. The future of agriculture may include innovative ideas like this vertical growing system. Plants grown in this way use a fraction of the space required by traditional growing methods. that saves water and increases production. The aquaponic system on your left combines hydroponics with aquaculture. The fish provide a natural source of fertilizer for the plants and the plants help keep the water clean for the fish. It's another great way to produce more while using less. In our lab, Epcot scientists are working with the US Department of Agriculture on a number of innovative projects. The goal of these efforts is to produce higher yielding and better quality plants. [music] These green houses represent just a fraction of the work being done worldwide to produce bountiful harvests for our growing population. Scientists, farmers, and even backyard gardeners are doing their part to improve the quantity and quality of foods that we all rely upon. Together, we can continue to find more ways to increase food production and protect our precious natural environment. Only then will we truly be living with the land. [music] On behalf of Walt Disney [music] World, we hope you've enjoyed this unique journey through our living laboratory. If you'd like a closer look, [music] then check out the behind the scenes walking tour. It's a chance for the whole family to get up close and personal with the plant and growing techniques in our laboratory. [music] Please keep your hands and feet inside the boat and [music] remain seated until the boat comes to a complete stop. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] All right, there you have Nice quiet ride on the lamp. Please gather all your personal belongings. Lower your head and watch your step as you exit. So good. Sorry about the lag at the end. That was my fault. Actually, we didn't have any signal problem. The lag The lag at the end was me um hitting the wrong button accidentally. All right, let's um tell you what, I'm going to do a restroom break and then let's go soaring. How's that sound? You guys want to soar? Hooked on BRB for a second cuz SAR's only 10 minutes. So, let's just do it. Copyright schmoopyright. Who cares? All right, I'll be right back. So, don't go anywhere. We're going to go right to right after this little break. [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] And we will be right back or no wait we are back. [laughter] I am really tired. We are back. [music] Moppers, yeah, you can go ahead and time out this forever DM person. I don't think they understand what's going on. Sometimes you get people in the chat that either are like really young or just like don't understand [music] how to like, you know, it's it's so yeah, it's just if somebody just keeps posting the same thing, just go ahead and time them out. It's just it's frustrating [music] for other people in the chat because they they won't listen to what's being said. They're just like saying the same thing over and over again. So, [music] we don't need that. I am really tired. [music] I was falling asleep in the land. So, I don't know if I'm going to make it to fireworks. I'm going to try. I literally got about 3 hours of sleep last night. [music] I just couldn't stop like being excited, which I mean like it's historic, right? I don't think it's a a problem. So, here. Hold on. Let me mute it for a second. Is it possible [music] to stream France? Um, sometimes they say yes, sometimes they don't. It depends on the cast members. [music] There's a lot of these movie scores that are like super [music] crazy copyrighted and so it's just nice to like keep those off of there. But we'll see. Hers won. Yes, we did. Yes, we did. Not we. [music] I didn't play, but they did. [laughter] The players on the field won the game. They sure. And then, man, they really did, too. [music] My goodness, they did. And I was like, [music] concourse. It's like I was telling everyone it wasn't going to happen. I know. All right. Oh, I was excited. Um because our our team uh IU, the Hooers, they won the national national football championship for the first time in school history, undefeated, all the things. So good. And honestly, [music] Chris, I I'll just stop muting it. It's fine. Chris, I agree. Most incredible turnaround in sports history. Yes, for sure. For [music] sure. I'd feel the same way if the Vikings ever won the Super Bowl. Yeah, you know, hey, it can happen. It will happen sometime. I think if anything, uh, you prove [music] that it's possible if one of the worst teams with the worst record in football, college football, can win [music] undefeated. Anybody can do it. One right now. [music] That's called a walk-on. There's a one. It's me. That's me. Yeah. Oh, wow. Sweet. Excuse me. That's [music] just me and the sailor. Bonus. Thanks, Mickey. [music] Mom, I'm on the eve of the first year of dad's passing. I'm still not okay, but rely on my fifth grade student to keep me distracted. Oh, so sorry to hear that. OMG, bars. [music] I know that's got to be very very hard. It's hard no matter what, but especially with your parents. Very hard. [music] Indiana was impressive with most with no fivestar recruits, almost NFL like that's what a lot of the commentators are saying too that [music] they were almost NFL like in the way that they played. Um they play very disciplined. And then somebody said, "Well, they're they've got a lot of older like older as in their 20s as opposed to the 18 19 guys on the team compared to a lot of others. um which is cool. The other thing was there was a lot of against them. Like Miami was playing on their home field. Um although 75% IU fans, they they caused a delay a game that one time. That was crazy. Right at the end where the IU fans were so loud they caused a delay a game. Like it was one of the most strong 12th man moments that I can remember. And it's happened in the NFL, too. But how fun. like the that the quarterback couldn't hear the uh the um the call coming in which was crazy. Hey Brit, how's it going? [music] Your student union is a piece. Help build the team. There you go. That is true. I knew you're tired. [music] I stayed up and watched the game, too. I really thank you for the stream. I had a crazy stressful day and this is making it [music] so much better. Thank you, Lori. Yeah, a lot I think a lot of a lot of you guys stayed up. How many people stayed up all the way through? I had to get up at 5:30. Hello. [cough] My name is Patrick and I'll be your chief [music] flight attendant today. We'll begin boarding in a few minutes, but first I'd like to important safety information. When the doors to your flight open, please take a seat and store all carry-on items in the underseat compartment. This includes cameras, purses, hats, and of course, these little beauties. Next, fasten your seat belts, inserting them into the buckle on your right. If smaller aviators don't measure up to the height indicator on the seat, just put the belt through the loop in the center strap before buckling. I worked out. Soon you will be airborne. So if you or your little aviators have a fear of flying or of heights, you might want to wait for your party at the arrival. Okay, let's review. That is seat seat belt carrying [music] it stra fear of heights. Keep your hands and arms inside at all times. Anything else? Yeah. Have a nice All right, everybody. My row number three. That's awesome. School district [music] said 2-hour delays. How fun. You said that um Rob is saying that the um the Miami fans are selling their tickets. He said he's made 40k on two tickets to IU fans. You know, I I you know, I don't know how many people can afford that, but hey, kudos to the um all's fair, right? I mean, it's a fair transaction. People are willing to pay it. So if Miami decides they want to do that, like that was very enterprising. Hey Jerry. Hey Nikki. If you can dream it. Hey, how's it going? Super neat to the IU. Yes, for sure. Yeah. And I know a lot of the Florida people, of course, even a lot of my kids at school, you know, wanted Miami to win, but they understood why I was excited because, uh, you know, went there. So, they were like, "No, Mr. Dawson is super cool." They were like, "Congrats." We are now conducting our final systems check. Please all carry items in the under seat confirmed. For your safety, remain seated with your seat belt fast during your flight and watch your children. Is it? Oh, I went the wrong way. I really am tired. row that center Yes. Yes. Please. Think you almost got it? Yes. Perfect. Yellow strap for me. Yellow strap. I think So over America premieres spring or late spring, early summer. Any loose items on the floor. Never use a piece of nails, which doesn't make sense. If you open up one of the box, you should have So in the tower we are ready for takeoff. [music] Yeah. [music] Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Oh, [music] God. [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Beautiful. [music] [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Yeah. [music] Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] On behalf of our entire flight crew, thanks for soaring with us. To unfasten your seat belt, just push down on the red button on your right. Be sure to gather all your carry-on items from the underseat compartment and exit to your left. Have a great stay here [music] or wherever your final destination may take you. Yay. That was awesome. I was like in the middle of the front row. How fun. I was very lucky. [music] It's good to be uh it's good to be a single rider sometimes. So, I hope you guys enjoyed that. Now, the long walk out. Yeah, [music] it's a great it's a great ride and it'll be cool to see Sword Over America. So, I think Amara said July 2nd, so right before the uh 250th [music] anniversary. or birthday or whatever. Centennial. Sim [music] semicesqua centennial. Something like that. Semiquentennial. There you go. I got it. Semiquen centennial. Yeah, that's a word right there. [music] That's a real word cuz quentennial is 500 and semi means half. That was uh Concore C, the new one that we're on right now. Oh, okay. May 25th at Walt Disney World July 2nd in DCA. Ah, okay. So, we do get it Memorial Day weekender around that time. So, it be soon enough. Hello, sunshine notes. Yeah. No, we love that one. It's a long walk, but worth all the steps. Yeah, it's amazing when you see this from outside like how far it actually is. How far these buildings are removed from the land pavilion. Yeah, I know. Every single day. [music] It does sound like a fake word. [music] Yeah, Mara is saying this. There are a lot of people in the chat. See, if your comments's not read, then that's all right. Sometimes we I don't want to be an auctioneer, so I don't want to read all of them. And there's some comments I just choose not to read because they're not really relevant to like what we're talking about. [music] So, like if you come if you want a better chance of your comment being read, you know, have it be relevant to what we're doing or something relevant to something we're doing. But yeah, if it's something like completely out of left field, um I probably won't read it [music] unless it's like interesting to me somehow. But yeah, that way I'm not like auctioneering. I hear 20 10, give me 10, give me 10, give me 15, 15, 5, 25, 25. Like whole auctioneer voice thing. 25 30 35. Hi. Hi. My friend Trisha is watching right now. She said you were here, so hi. Very cool. You want to say hi on the live stream? If we could give her a shout out. Yeah, for sure. Hi, Trisha. We're having fun. Thanks for bringing him in here. Oh, 11 years ago for the first time. Wow, how fun. Yeah. So, yeah. Thanks for We're going to have to start watching you now, too, I think. Well, we appreciate that. No, you hope you guys are having a good time. We're going to go ride it again. That's awesome. Oh, yeah. Go ride it. It's a walk on. Why not? Bye, guys. You did pretty good. Auctioneer voice. Nice. Thanks. Signetti just got an offer to go to the Raiders. Well, he said I don't think he's going to go. Well, I sure hope not. Be nice to have a few good years of IU football. I mean, not that, you know, he's just I think he's just one of the best coaches out there. And I think he's happy. I've actually heard a lot of guys who coach college say that it's actually a lot better in some ways because you have a little more control over some of the things that go on than you do with NFL when there's an owner and all these other things to kind of deal with. So, I mean, yes, you still, you know, even when you're a college coach, you still have a boss, the athletic director and president and all those people. But, yeah, still. Anyway, thanks Paul. Yeah, it was a great win. I said I showed earlier I've got my Indiana University marching hundreds shirt on from back in the day. All right. Mindo's a number one pick. Yeah, he's going to be the number one. He was He was so incredible last night. We talked about this earlier, but that that touchdown run was crazy. I I really thought he was just going to get the first down and go down. A lot of quarterbacks would have just gotten that first down. he crossed the imaginary yellow line that he can't see. But of course, you know, the players, they they know where how they have how far they have to go. They know, they look at it ahead of time. They're like, I have to get to the five. I have to get to the six or whatever it was he had to get to. Um and then he would, you know, I think for I think for him it was a three or four. He would have just gone down there, but [music] he didn't. He kept going for it. former college coach NIL made me and many others quit. Oh, really? What are we doing? Wow, Rob, you were college coach. That's amazing. [music] I mean, sorry, the NIL. Yeah. Made you quit. Yeah, that's a that's a It's a thing for sure. I guess I feel like Signetti's probably got it figured out a little bit, but um so anyway, yeah, he's kind of figured out how to do it. Yes, I ordered the champion t-shirt and hat. I ordered a few things. I even ordered a It was only $15. I ordered a a championship pennant. I thought that would be like kind of old school, you know, have a get a pennant with the champion on it. And then I got a uh I got the locker room t-shirt that the guys were all wearing after the game, which is cool. The one that, you know, the one that they get to the players and coaches after the game and and staff. I'm assuming the band probably got one, too. I would hope they deserve one, too. Cheerleaders, everybody, you know, everybody that's part of the part of the quote unquote team culture. [music] It's insane. Coaches have no say any longer. Players have agents. Oh, wow. So, it's more like it's more like um Oh, yeah, Brandy. I have pulled this. Actually, I haven't. My son has. I've never personally pulled it. Um, that's a good good question. So, um, yeah, I could see how it's more like more like um [music] NFL now that they've got all the, you know, this the salaries and the the agents and all that. Yeah. So, yeah. I don't know. Like I said, I just feel like hopefully I mean, obviously, [music] listen, I'm still riding a high from the win. I hope that uh I mean it was yesterday so we're allowed to still be a little whatever about like you know we get to be the champion until next year right so at this point nobody can take that away but um I [music] I still think for next year as long as you know all the most of the coaching staff stays intact I think the thing [music] the thing is what's different about what I see that signetti's done is he's built a culture and so I think it that that makes people want [music] to stay because it's not just about like selfishly winning and seeing like oh how how good can I like make myself look, right? It it's more [music] about it's more about the love of the game and yeah, you're going to get paid and whatever, but it's it's more about [music] the culture. And I think that makes even coaches stay when you get an offer. You know, some of these assistant coaches might get offers from NFL teams or other colleges, but you know, it makes that that makes them maybe want to stay. So anyway, I'm sorry for all of you guys who don't care about football, but it's pretty cool. That hill may not look like much. Oh no, that that hill is serious. [music] That hill is serious. Pretty impressed with they not only won, but they went 16 and02. That and I think that's what puts him in the elite class. Not only that they won. Heck, with their with their losing losing like the most losses of any major college [music] team with that losing losing record, just to win the championship is huge. But to win it and run the table undefeated, that is and and again, you know, Penn State, what Iowa, Pin, like what are some of the big names they beat? Penn State, Iowa, Oregon twice, um Alabama, uh Ohio State, of course, um and then, you know, Miami, all these powerhouse teams that they beat. Let's go in here real quick. Signetti is just straight up great coach. They only had eight [music] fivestar players. No, IU had zero five stars. I would imagine IU will have more five stars this time. Maybe. We'll see. So, this is always fun. I'm having the best time listening to you talk about the game. It's just awesome to [music] see how excited you are. So happy for all the Indiana folks. Thank you. It's funny. earlier. I was I thought it would be fun to uh I thought it would be fun to uh play part of the IU fight song to start the thing, but then I couldn't do it because I Apple Music [music] is not working on my phone. Is Apple Music down right now? Hey man, hasn't been as [music] successful as I PJ Flex has built a similar culture. Yeah, I think so. 473. This is cool. The the [music] um goes [music] for 73.5. [music] Go. Lights 7. What a cool the bow. [music] Yes. The first team to win 16 games since the 1800s. 1894 Yale. Everybody knows all about 1894 Yale, right? [music] Quite remarkable. This team were on no radars anywhere than 68. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And the highest win. Yep. Crazy. Super [music] night. Greatest night of my life. Go Hoosers. I love it. And I'm sorry to a couple people that said they were out cuz of the the talk. I'm not going to worry about it too much [music] tonight. I almost changed it to triumphant Tuesday cuz I knew I was going to be insufferable talking about the game. But you know what? I think after going through so many losing seasons, I think [music] we deserve it. There was one year they went zero zero and 11. [music] Then I know one year I was there I think they were 1 and 10, two and nine and stage managers are MVPs. Indiana basketball. Yeah. I don't know. I haven't actually been following them so have to start doing [music] that again. I remember though playing at home games at IU in the in the '90s [music] in the late ' 90s ' 98 99 and and the stadium was less than half full. Their wedding caused an [music] earthquake. Sean, that's funny. 1894 is the last year you could spend a week at Disney for less than 43K. You were watching the 80 1894 Yale team with a cold sasparella. I know. Oh, same. We're we're drinking root beer now. I heard that's what I heard. That's what John said. I'm [music] loving the football. talk. How do I get you interested in the NFL? Oh, I used to be more interested in the NFL really. Um [music] I used to really be into the the Colts when I lived in Indiana. [music] So, but I don't know after after Manning and Luck, it was kind of like hard to They've had some decent teams, but it's been harder to watch and I just haven't had time to keep up with it, honestly. I still like watching it. [music] Yeah, Ginger, that was too bad. I was watching that with some friends of ours, the Bears. That was sad. [music] They had a chance, too, and they gave it away. That was Steve Olford. That's a name. That's a name I've not heard a long time. [music] Yeah. This is so cool. So, this is in Communicore Hall. So, I'm going to get going around and looking at the art, but it's nice to be in the warm a little bit. But yeah, this is in Communicore Hall. So many original costumes from all [music] these shows. You seen the 1776 movie based on the Broadway show. Have Mr. Phoenix from Boy Meets World. No, I haven't seen that. It's cool. Congrats. And you should feel you should feel free to talk about it. I'm a dogs fan, but I enjoy the game. Yeah, half is generous. No, you're right. I mean, [music] there were times they would always say the number of fans in the stadium. I don't know how they would estimate it by [music] ticket sales. Maybe your tickets, you know, redeemed, but it was usually 28 to 30,000, which is, you know, a decent amount of people. [music] But yeah, it always the crowd always looked like a football because, you know, they people wouldn't go up to the corners. [music] Oh, there you go, guys. Hey, look at here. I love all the merch. You've all seen it. Jenna was here yesterday. [music] Sorry to do the same thing, but I just felt like an Epcot night. [music] [music] Yeah, when the Bears played the Colts in uh the Super Bowl and of course the Colts won that one in 2007, I was very was very torn cuz I like both teams. But in the end, I had to go for my Colts cuz you know, Indiana, [music] but I'm from Illinois, too. So, I was very conflicted. hard to follow a team for a market you don't live in unless you get NFL Sunday ticket. That's the other thing. That's the other reason that I don't follow a lot of the games and things. Sports is so expensive to watch even on TV. And I think that's kind of a [music] it's kind of a detriment to the the sports. [music] Got a little sunshine in my pocket. Justin Timberlake. home cuz I got that sunshine in my pocket. So, yeah, but um what was I going to tell you? [music] Happy Tranquil Tuesday. Hey, Chandler. Anyway, [music] it's um Oh, I know what I was going to say for to watch the game last night. I don't We don't have cable. We only have a few streaming services and we have fiber. [music] Our fiber company does have TV, but I was like, "Okay, what am I gonna how am I going to do this? How am I going to watch this?" Um, you know, I wanted to watch it on the big screen. I wanted to watch it legally, obviously. And I was like, "All right, here's here's what let's do. I'm going to find a trial membership." So, I found a trial membership to uh Fubo. So, it's cool, but I don't know that we're going to we're probably not going to keep it, but at least I got to watch it. [music] Yeah, YouTube got that copyright in the pocket. Dr. Teeth. [music] This is cool. Dr. Teeth. These are great. [music] Oh, that's that's a deep cut right there. [music] No, the Bear the Bears had a good team this year. They'll be back. If if the Raiders pass on Mendoza, he'll be a New York Jet. Oh my goodness. [music] You're absolutely right. That's why I no longer watch sports. Yeah. The thing is, what's greedy to me is that the commercials aren't enough. Why are the commercials not enough? Like, I'm happy to watch the [music] commercials. I understand that's how we pay for the the games and the coverage, right? So, watch the commercials, but why in the world do they need like so much money to watch it? I don't know. [music] There you go. [music] Music's so fun. It's a vibe. Oh, that's fun with Scrooge. [music] Some really great art here. We're just going to rack up the copyright this fine. [music] [music] That's cool. Oh, wow. [music] Love the eagle. [music] Sorry from Wisconsin. Go Pack. Yeah. Hey, no disrespect. Packers are always a good team. Packers are always a good team. And you guys play in the coldest stadium in the NFL, so respect for that. I mean, Soldier Field's not warm, but I think I think Lambo wins the t wins the title is the coldest stadium. I was telling somebody this the other day. If you're a Packers fan, you know this, right? Because like this, by the way, these are the um Lorana cards. They have a little um scavenger hunt here, which is fun. Big size cards. Um if you're a Packers fan, you know, I was telling my wife, you know, about how when we were watching the Bears play in the snow uh at Soldier Field, it's kind of the same thing. But for the Packers especially, even if like, you know, some multi-billionaire came up and was like, "Hey, uh, you know, Green Bay, I'll I'll build you a build, you know, my company or I will build you a, you know, a dome, a dome stadium." Totally. We'll build you a dome. That way, you know, you guys don't have to suffer in all the snow. Like, Green Bay wouldn't want it. The the Lambo, you know, the outside, the cold, the tundra, the snow. It's part of the It's part of the culture. [music] Like, you have to have it. I feel like Green Bay fans, am I right about that? Anyway, sorry. I I [music] keep going on and on. I'm really have not been that into football until this last couple years without you coming back. And if that makes me a fair weather fan, I guess, but you know, I [laughter] say it's hard to get excited when your team is wins one or two games every year. Not that I didn't like, you know, want them to win. It was just kind of like I didn't watch football for a long time. See hands here. Weird to think we're getting a different coat. Okay. Is that a platinum shield? I guess I don't know. Oh, these are fun. Look at these like ride posters and stuff. Signetti had a clause in the contract to become the third highest paid coach uh college head coach if you won a national championship if IU give him a race. Yeah. Well, and he was in saying in the press conference, he's like, I guess I could retire now. He's like, but then what would I do? And also, I need the money gas. [music] So, he's he's fine. He's got a good thing going. He's got a ton of support. Indiana will Indiana will ride with him until he's done tailgating. Yep. Bears are looking for a new stadium. Wish they would stay at Soldier Field thinking they might end up at a stadium in Indiana. Really? That would be weird for Indiana. Not a super popular state to have two teams. I mean, I know it'd be Northern Indiana. It's fine. Fans are fans no matter the weather. leaving Lambo would be sacrilege. That's what I'm saying. Like they would be like absolutely not. Like I was watching uh one of the NFL films things about the Lambo Field and like you know season tickets are like a like a right of passage there, right? Like like people are you know people have had season tickets in their family for like multiple generations to that stadium. Yeah. Mark Cuban just made I know Mark Cuban just made a huge investment. I didn't know he was an IU grad. He was on doing an interview. Mark Cuban was and talking about um what was it? Oh was talking about with Pat McAfee about like going to Kirkwood and everything. And of course both of those guys were from there and and you know and and [music] um was just like you know yeah we'll go down to Kilroy. I was like oh my gosh like they know they know the whole area there. But um what was it? Somebody mentioned in the chat, I didn't see this, that Signetti had had done the um had done the uh Disney uh you know, instead of I'm going to Disney World, he done I'm going to Holiday World, which if you don't know is the the Indiana theme park, like one of the only ones if Indiana Beach isn't there anymore. Maybe it is. I don't know. But yeah, anyway, super cool. Oh, here's the chalk art. Building a stadium in Gary. Yeah, I don't know how I feel about that. Gary Bears. Anyway, I'll stop maybe. Harder [music] to see in the dark, but you can kind of see it. From Northwest Indiana. We're closer to Chicago than Shamberg. Both the Giants and Jets play in New Jersey. Yeah. Well, there you go. [music] Be interesting to see for sure. I'm going the wrong way. I guess, [music] you know, I'd rather see him in Chicago, but who knows? [music] Indiana Beach is still there. Wow, that's surprising. It wasn't in good shape when I was a kid, so maybe they've maybe they've re furbished it. Stitchy Chuck Polly. Oh my goodness, Chuck Paulie the $100 super chat. Ah, Chuck Paulolly, been a while. Headed down there um Thursday. Hope to see you this trip. Thanks, Chuck. Hope to see you as well. Thank you so much. The mini Lisa. Thank you, Chuck. [music] Let me get out of the way here and then I'll I'll selfie. Thank you so much. Let me go this way. Selfie. Bam. Thanks, Chuck. [music] Really appreciate that $100 super chat. That is very, very kind. Really, really kind. Really appreciate it. [music] So, by the way, again, my marching hundreds shirt. I'm just really proud that I found it. Like, I was so super, super pumped last night that I found this. So, all right. Thank you, Chuck. Um, let's talk about some of our awesome sponsors. Um, we've got mickeytras.com [music] if you want to book your trip to Walt Disney World. Book your next trip to Walt Disney World. Check out mickeytras.com. [music] Again, that's mickeytras.com. But check them out. Mickeys.com. It's also mickeyblog.com for the latest in Disney news. So mickeyblog.com and mickeytras.com if you want to book your next trip to Disney. It's free. It's a book a cool crush and Nemo be there two weeks. Oh yeah, absolutely. Chuck, come find us. Be super cool. Hey, Robert. Yes. [music] Very nice. These are great. Wow. That is really good. [music] Wow. Little power line. How fun. Oh, Zootopia, too. Yeah, you had to be in the hund with friends of mine. What were their names, Riley? I was in 98 and 99 and then I had to transfer to Indiana State. What were their names? I didn't know everybody's name, but I knew a lot. Oh, thanks, Kyle. Look at the figment there. That's fun. For sure. [music] For sure. [music] How fun. Yeah, I'm a big fan of the chalk cart. [music] Well, that's super cool. It's a small world after all. [music] All these teams want dome stadiums to host year round events. Yeah, it's [music] true. I mean, here in Florida, we we we mostly can do that. So, except for the only thing for Florida is rain. That's why a lot of that's why Tropicana Field was a thing until the hurricane took it down. Um, but [clears throat] that, you know, because baseball doesn't work well in the rain. [music] And so, there were so many rain delay games in Florida, you know, they made they they had the dome for the Rays and it worked because they, you know, obviously uh [music] were able to have the games there more often. So, yeah. Anyway, hey, Robert Warner. Got to pay for those hard drives. So funny. Yeah. All right. Yep. It's getting chillier. Uh 24/7 channel's going great actually. Um I need to I need to start updating it and whatever. I mean it's it the the numbers have gone down a little bit, but it's pretty consistent. So I need to add some more videos to it and things and probably I keep forgetting to take the Christmas stuff off of it. So I'm going to do that. I got test track just adds to the background. It kind of does. Yeah, as a huer in Northwest Indiana want the Bears. They would be still called Chicago Bears. Yeah, we'll see. We'll see. Like I said, I'm just I'm a fan of having [music] the team and where where it the name of it is, but I don't have a horse in the race cuz I don't live there anymore. So, it is what it is. I'm also not really like the staunchest Bears fan. Like I will root for them for sure, but yeah, it's not like not the uh not my number one team most of the time. Although, yeah, I haven't really, like I said, I haven't really paid much attention to the NFL. It just became too expensive to watch cuz yeah, like as a Colts fan in Florida, you know, you either have to find some some piratey way to watch the games or you have to you have to pay hundreds of dollars for NFL red zone. And it's like you might as well just buy tickets at that point. And you're going to be celebrating 100 years. It's nice now. Oh, wow. Cool. there. They had this like um old haunted house ride that was like the the creakiest dark ride I've ever been on. This is cool. How fun. Yeah, it was a very uh very creaky dark ride experience on that thing. I can't remember what it was either. It was like Frankenstein something. Well, that's cool. That might have been a marching hunter with somebody's somebody in the chat's friends. It's just that marching hund by the way was one of the best experiences, one of the best things and I think that's why I'm so emotional about the football win. That was like my life for a couple years where you know we were supporting the football team and we'd sing the Alma Mahandra together with the team and they had an uh was it on what CBS I don't know one of the one of the major news networks they had a story about IU being you know the Cinderella story and everything and you know just the whole the whole um thing and they had IU um the marching hund singing the alma mater and I'm like I can still do that like I still know how to do that. Um, you know, it's just a bass part. It's not that hard. But like I remember sitting there and like singing the fight song or singing the alma mater uh with the team and with the with the other band members. That was super cool. So that was a culture too that the band was such a culture of excellence. Like they won a couple they won uh year or two after I was there. They won the national like subtler flag which was like the marching band award for college. So we were always really good. Wisconsin at 10°. Wow. I hope you're inside. It is uh 53. Feels like 46 here, which sounds warm, but it doesn't feel warm, unfortunately. It feels cold. It's just again, it's the wind and the humidity. If it if it was still and dry, I don't think I'd be cold at all. Although, part of it's my fault for having a uh I have my short sleeve shirt on under my light windbreaker. I need to go inside here and put my uh put my fleece on before the fireworks so I'm not too cold. March by college alumni band each homecoming. It's so much fun. Oh my goodness. Yeah. And if I lived IU has an alumni band, too. If I lived in the uh Indiana area, I'd totally go March the 100 alumni band. I'm assuming they still do it. I love that. I did think it was the bathroom and then Well, I promise next week's Tranquil Tuesday won't be all about football. Okay, I promise. I don't know what [music] At the end of the day, we can't control what happens next, you know, with any with anything in life. We can't I mean, we can control some things, but stuff like that, you know, you just watch and enjoy. And if players leave, if coaches leave, like you can't control it, but, you know, we have the we have the luxury of not being the coaches of players, [music] you know, especially the coaches. The coaches can't really enjoy the moment very long. We can just enjoy it and not worry about next year. Yeah. The wind chill gets you. Michigan 40 Indiana 29. Is that that must be basketball, I guess. There we go. Touchdown Tuesday. I was going to call it triumphant Tuesday, but touchdown Tuesday is even better. Why didn't I think of that? No. That's so good. That's very cool. I also told everybody I was really proud that my shirt still fits. I think it's a little tighter than it used to be, but hey, we're good. Oh, somebody said this earlier and I didn't get it till just now that the Colts won the championship in the same stadium as the um here here's a uh the Colts won the championship in the same stadium as IU did. How fun is that? Yeah, somebody said that earlier and I I'm just now comprehending it. Right. That's right. It was both in Miami. It was both at that stadium. I don't know if it was called Hard Rock Stadium back then, but uh yeah, maybe it was. Either way, same stadium. I don't think it was actually. I think it was called something else back then. But yeah, that's that's pretty cool that both major Indiana football teams won in the same stadium, like championships. Not just one, one championships in the same stadium. How cool. So, kudos to whoever said that earlier. I read it and I didn't understand it and now I do. I'm a little slow. Also a little tired. Yes. No, if I Yeah, you're right. If I mention football here, it's it's a it's a football. So, we talk about NFL, we're talking about um you know, American football, we're talking about uh football. Name Americano. Disney Adventure going to stay at Singapore. Yeah. Wish I could have gone out to see the adventure. Mendoza went through all through the hundred giving them high fives. How cool. Did they show, by the way, speaking of the hundred, the marching hundred, did they show any of the bands at halftime? I was actually busy doing something during halftime. So, and I was actually kind of nervous because the game was, you know, it was, you know, it was close, right? I mean, obviously it was 10 to zero, but I was just like, "Oh my gosh, we're not destroying them." Like, uh-oh. You know? [laughter] Uh, anyway, my point is like, cuz all I could find on YouTube was a video of the marching hund from the backside, so the sound wasn't as good cuz it was on the wrong [music] side. At the Rose Bowl, they at least showed two or three minutes of the of the band playing, but I'm just wondering. Dapper says, "Real men's football." I thought that was hockey. I'm just kidding. You're Canadian, right? It's hockey. No, it's all right. Well, there's there was a lot of real a lot of real men on that field last night. They were they were after each other the 4K channel did. Wait, which one? All right. Didn't get to see any of the bands. That's too bad. Yeah. No, they do have they do have Yes, they do have football in Canada. That is true. The CFL. Heard of that. It's too bad. Watch your hands on these real YouTube TV 4K channel. Good. Oh, I don't know where to find that. [clears throat] Um I know I don't have YouTube TV, so I guess I couldn't see it. I was wondering if there was like a video on demand of it somewhere, but I couldn't find it. Maybe I just didn't search the right thing. I saw a lot of the hundred on mass media social media. Oh, okay. You mean like like ESPN social media like you know ABC, CBS, some of those people. I guess ABC technically and ESPN are both owned by Disney. So, I'm sorry. I'm a little out of it tonight. I feel like I'm just like sleepwalking. I played symbols for the band. That's so cool. The drum line 100 used to do uh what they call it? Symbol suicide. like they would they would do like all these crazy symbol things that would look like it was going to take somebody's head off. Not a not a good term to use now, but like you know, you know what I mean? Nobody's actually dying. Like it was just a a way to play around and look like it made it look like it was dangerous. I mean, it was if you if you stuck your head up at the wrong time, you were going to get you were going to get a headache for sure. Oh, you're good. MWA Dilton from Indianapolis. So proud of our Hooers. Yeah. By the way, anybody get a copy of the Indianapolis Star from today? That would have been that's a cool that would be a cool paper to have. I saw I saw pictures of it, but that's pretty cool. Uh, one Sure. Go sports. Go sports ball. That's right, Anubis. You got the spirit. Go sports ball. You just mentioned Iowa is a powerhouses. If I don't really appreciate your stream, I appreciate your work. Hey, give credit where credit's due, right? That's fun. No, but they were a team that people didn't think Indiana could beat. So I think that's that's respect to them for sure. One. Yeah. Thank you. Thanks, Blair. All right, let's enjoy. Please go this way. Foreign That is a huge one, right? Welcome. I am [music] I am and this is the country. [music] Super. [music] [music] [music] You're an angel. [music] going on. Where [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Excuse [music] [music] me. Bye-bye. This [music] [music] [music] There you go. [music] Everybody [music] [music] knows. together [music] [music] to guide us to [music] wishing that we wish we can find who he is. I don't know. [music] They say [music and singing] amigos. No matter [music] where he goes, they want you together. [music] [music] Come again. [music] See you next time. Next time we stay on. Okay. We taste you all over Mexico. [laughter] Thanks for coming to Mexico and come again soon. be waiting for you, amigos. [music] Thanks for coming to the show. Have a nice day. I hit a card. At least you didn't almost kill someone. Remember to stay until reaches the door. Have a good day. It's I All right. Always fun. Nice ride. All right. That song so catchy. It's stuck in your head. like so good. I'm not in the right key, but it's fine. The swings in weather have really been messing with my allergies and my I'm all stuffy. Like I was fine earlier today and just got stuffy on the way here. Hey David, where's your margarita? Right there. That's where they are. Come and get it, sir. Come and get it. All right. Hey. All right, I'm going to we'll go a little ways around. Stop at the restroom in Norway and take a quick break. I guess I had too much soda for dinner. I didn't really have that much, but either way, use the restroom one [music] more time. Sorry about that. I think it's just that I'm so tired and don't feel great that I've had to take two restroom breaks in a three-hour stream. I'm like 80 year old 80-y old person. Anyway, um I uh I'll put my sweatshirt on so I'm a little warmer. It [music] was nice repping the IU the IU Marching shirt. I'll keep it on underneath, but appreciate it. It's legit probably been 20 years since I've worn this shirt. Maybe maybe I don't know, maybe a little [music] making an early night. I thought about that. I just hate to quit before the fireworks. Um, battery check 49% so we're good. [music] It was fun chatting with you guys [music] about the game for sure. So, I'm glad I came out even if I don't make it the whole time. [music] This is interesting. [music] These little booths and stuff. Now, I'm definitely going to get right to bed tonight. I will send you guys over to the 24/7 channel and you can hang out there. [music] But yeah, I don't know. We'll see. I mean, it's not that much longer at a firework. It's like 45 minutes. So, all right. Let me uh put you guys on BRB again. And I'm sorry. It's just a a rough night. It's my fault for staying up late, but I mean, good grief. It's, you know, can you blame me? like it's kind of a once in a well I hope it's not once in a lifetime but it's still kind of a right now it's a once in a lifetime [music] thing so for an IU fan football fan anyway I'll be right back too funny be right You know what I [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] All [music] [music] [music] right, welcome back. Okay, sorry about that. Okay. Are you [music] [music] Huh? What's um Oh, Coke is rolling out the cane sugar thing. Yeah, you can get Mexican Coke with cane sugar. I was trying to figure out where to go, though. Where'd you find your BRB music? It's good. That might be something you made. No, that's the Space Mountain um Q music. So, third, it's the third Q section for Space [music] Mountain, which I know doesn't really make sense with the Epcot BRB, but I'm trying to decide [music] where to go. All right, I think [music] why don't we go ahead and go all the way around. We'll go ahead and go all the way around. I think I am going to end it at right at 9:00 if that's okay. I don't think I'm going to do fireworks tonight. I'm just really really uh feeling it. So anyway, appreciate you guys understanding. I pretty much do fireworks every other night, but I'm just like, you [music] know what? I probably should just take it easy. And it will get me home like half an hour earlier. So, like literally will get me home a half an hour earlier, which will help getting to bed a little earlier. Now I have now I have my fleece on so I'm a little warmer. So but there's always next time. I just I'm getting older. I can't be Superman all the time. I didn't get much sleep this weekend either. I just didn't sleep very much. I stayed up late working on stuff. So I probably got four hours of sleep, maybe five hours of sleep Friday. It doesn't matter anyway. four or five hours Saturday maybe. I think I finally got six hours into Sunday, Monday. [music] And then last night I got three. So yeah. Oh, we can finish our stroll. [music] So it's time to pay the piper, as they say. [laughter] Oh, right over here by China. The temple here is the uh Mulan card. I need a clone. I know, right? Remember my New Year's resolution about resting? Yeah, I'm failing at that right now. It's fine. You're a teacher. I understand. [music] Yeah, that's what um a lot of you guys know our friend Ron who also streams and I was talking to him about, you know, just how he goes constantly, non-stop, non-stop, non-stop. And I was like, he was like, "Yeah, but I don't have another job. You have a full-time job." I was like, "That's true." And he was even telling me like, "Be," he's like, "Be kind to yourself." Like he was, you know, he was very encouraging. I appreciated it very much. Uh, but he was just we were talking about it. I don't know what day. It wasn't like maybe over Christmas break. I can't remember. But I was like, "How do you do that? How do you you know, you go all day all, you know, so many days." And he's like, [music] "But that's all, you know, that's I don't have another job." I was like, "That makes sense." He's like, "So, basically like, don't be so hard on yourself." I was like, "Okay." And it's not that I want It's not that I need to. I know I can't go that often when I have another job, but you know, even just finishing a stream sometimes, like, "Oh my gosh, I'm so tired." But I love doing it. I love talking to you guys, and that's what keeps me going is the conversation is interesting and it keeps me going. Not the me part, the you guys part. This is cool. The retro style. Yeah. Jenna should be live tomorrow. Just got over a cold. I'm hoping I'm not getting another one, but I had one over Christmas break. Main lines Monster energy drink. Yeah, I don't do that. I like soda. That doesn't have nearly as much, but it's not. Neither one are good for you. But yeah. Hey, Shamira. Yes, all the arts are amazing. [music] Those are super cool. These are great. Have you guys seen these? Brett loves these, too. You had the best life. We're all jealous of you every day. Well, thank you. I do. I do. That's not That is not untrue. You're very right. I have a great life. Are you finally getting it? And it's my fault. It's a self-inflicted self-inflicted um you know, issues where I I don't sleep enough. That's all on me. But I I do have a great life 100%. Like that's very true. I have a great family and uh you know I have a dream teaching job and you know I have this and I feel like one of the coolest things about the whole thing is that you know it's kind of like in the way it you know mine was longer [music] you know it took longer but it kind of parallels I you like we I feel like I earned all of it. like I feel like I earned the teaching job by, [music] you know, doing a good job at my other schools and then being able to really, you know, jump up to this really elite school that I'm at, you know, and then um and then the channel, you know, obviously Jen and I built that together, you know, along with Steph and Dale and Liam and everybody, mom and dad, of course, you know, all of us together, but we built it through hard work and through dedication and through, you know, whatever. So, I I don't know, it's really cool. So yes, I'm very lucky and uh also just very thankful that it worked and it is working. We appreciate anytime you're with us. Thank you. I know it's like breaking a cardinal rule of streaming not to finish with fireworks, but part of me is like, man, that extra half hour would be nice cuz if I if I do fireworks, I won't get to bed until at least 11:00 and then I'll get up at 5:30 and it's fine most nights, but when I'm already at a sleep debt, then that's that's a problem. So, it's all right. I'll stop complaining. But first, David, are you there? We got to go see Blingy Spaceship Earth. It's a thing. We got to do it. Stop it, Michael. Hey, just remember Tranquil Tuesday today. Well, welcome. Welcome in. [music] It's okay. You smell caramel? Yeah, me too. I would if my nose wasn't stuffy. This is me on two antihistamines. [music] Steph's going to pick up my new prescription tomorrow. The silly doctor's office didn't send it on time, so I didn't get it for the weekend. Yep. See fireworks on Friday. That we will. There you go, David. It's still here. And still laggy. Still laggy. So much metal on it that it it lags. It's like the world's fanciest disco ball. Liz said, "I'd be upset if you did do fireworks." Well, thank you. That means a lot. It means that you you guys you care about me. I appreciate that. This is me on two. I mean, little Zerek, a little Claritin, and uh it helps for a little while and then it goes away. Missing fireworks perfectly fine. You do such a good job of strolling and making everyone feel like we are strolling with you. You do such a good job of talking to us in the comments. Well, thank you. I try. I do. I do. I do. [music] If we were there in the park and completely worn out, we'd drag uh back to our hotel room and enjoy go home and rest. Thanks, Corey. See, there should be a surprise inside that. Yeah, but who would want to open it with it being that expensive? But you're right. It's like a cracker check prize in there. Can you imagine? It's like a like a cereal box prize. Speaking of [music] which, can I just maybe I maybe I don't get the right cereal, but can I just ask um what happened to prizes in cereal boxes? Why is this not a thing anymore? This is important. These are important issues we need to talk about. I feel like this is really important to our u you know to our our civilization here like as a whole. Why are there no prizes in cereal boxes anymore? The people need to know or am I am I missing it and there really are prizes in the cereal boxes? [music] It' be a sticker. [laughter] Robert says, "German is one of my favorite pavilions." I like Germany, too. I really wish they built the ride. I think that'd make it even better. Probably a choking hazard. Oh, true. But they used to put them in giant They used to put them in giant plastic bags that you really could [music] never you'd never get in your mouth because it's like a giant plastic bag. I mean, they literally just used to put them right in the bag. I guess it was a different time. They say that so much anymore. I sound so old when I say it though was a different term, but kind of true. Please be careful with your health, Josh. There's some nasty bugs. Yes, I I had one of them over holiday. So, yes, I understand. And I will I will do my best. I'd legit buy the cereal cuz I had a prize. I know. Probably some parent complained was [music] forcing them. I know. Uh can't please everybody, I guess. Sure. prices largely [music] disappeared in the mid2000s due to a mix of health concerns, regulations against marketing unhealthy food to kids, environmental worries about plastic waste and waste and rising production. Well, there you go. See, now I feel bad. [laughter] Okay, fine. Darn it. Adults come in and adults come in and make everything no fun anymore. [laughter] We love you, Christopher. I'm just kidding. You're You're right. You're right. Kids were smarter. It's like why we have warnings on coffee coffee cups of hot liquid. Yeah. Oh, thanks Karen. Truly appreciate the service you provide to so many bringing the [music] magic into our homes and bringing us joy. Thank you. The low is going to be 7°. Oh my gosh, David, when we come up there, what's the temp going to be when we come up there on the 30th? [music] Luckily, there's a decent amount of cereal now. The boxes are 3/4 full now instead of half full. I never understood that either. You'd think it cost extra to make a box too big for the cereal. Good night, Christopher. [music] Oh, the cool cereal bowls. I kind of remember that a little bit. The whistle that gave free Oh, yeah. Was that Captain Crunch or something? I do. I never had one or even knew that was a thing, but then I saw a YouTube channel covered it. [music] It was like a type of hacking because there was a sound that was exactly the right tone to to confuse the uh to confuse the um [music] the phone system. It's going to be a high of six on Saturday. That's always fun. Oh, Cory, that's a I think they did do that actually. No, they did do that. Little little bags of other other cereal. Yes. Uh cuz I remember actually I got um in another type of cereal. Can't remember which one. I got a bag of Cookie Crisp or something. [music] I remember that and I was like, "Oh, I don't like this. I like chocolate chip cookies, but I don't like this as much." So anyway, these are these are awesome. So cool. Yeah. Oh, here comes the music. Oh, Jinland. No fun. Freaking. That was what it was called. Yes. Oh, that's right, Robert. I remember the cereal bowl that had a built-in straw so that you could drink the cereal milk when you were done. I love it. We went from football talk to serial talk. It's all my fault. Both times it was my fault. [laughter] Oh yeah. And Mara just posted Jenn and Dale's channel. Yeah. Go check them out. Um it's Adventures of D Adventures of Jenna and Dale. We can't leave Jenna out. Adventures of Jenn and Dale on YouTube. Just go search for it. Pretty easy to find. Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Also, I've got my second and third channel and fourth channel. Oh my gosh, too many channels. Um, the one that's most active right now is Resort TV 247. That's Resort TV 247. Uh, and I will send you there after this after this stream. So, Resort TV 247. Go check it out. Yep. Resort TV 24/7. And then also, uh, RetroTV1 Tech. And I just posted a video a couple weeks ago. So, uh, finally had new videos. on RetroTV1 Tech and I'll have more coming up, so stay tuned. Stay tuned. out of time. We hope you have enjoyed this evening's performance at the American Brothers Theater. We ask that you now exit the theater. Robert, too funny. Tam, that's funny. You can accidentally leave her out once in a while. No, I try not to. No, I wouldn't do that. Not on purpose, anyway. Now you got the uh Broadway concert series here. You'll see where she meets Prince Charming. Maybe if I sing along it'll it'll mess it up. I'm singing purposely out of rhythm. I like how it's not crazy crowded. No, it's really not. Part of that has to do with the cooler weather. The thermometer doesn't look like it's too bad, but well, this morning it was uh it was chilly for sure at 30 35 36 and the windchill was 30 this morning. Baymax Bayax makes sense that the characters are in the countries that they represent. I mean technically Baymax took place in San Francisco but San Francisco so related to Japan in that way. Hey actually that word that you know what how fun is that cuz it's between Japan [music] and and America so it's like the cross between Japan and the United States because of the you know San Francisco [music] Tokyo. My kids are constantly saying they want to time travel back to the 80s and 90s and finish their childhood there. Everything seems like it was much better. Those are smart kids. Yeah, Liam says the same thing. Every time I show him what the toy store shelves look like, you guys remember, I mean, if you grew up in the 80s and '9s, even early 2000s and the heyday of of Toys R Us or even Walmart for that matter, like you go in there and there were just rows and rows of toys and they were always fully stocked. You looked at the G.I. Joe aisle or the Transformer aisle. Now people have little snapshots of those and you just like immediately are like, "Oh my gosh, nostalgia. Nostalgia." Goiki. [music] Oh, Neighborville is going to be down in the negative30s. That's crazy. Yeah, you guys are always going to be colder than us, but man, for for us, this is crazy. This is crazy. Crazy crazy. Anyway, [music] everything was better back then. [laughter] This music's like trans music. It's like trans trans music. I'm in a trance. I don't know [music] what's going on. I don't want to grow up. I want to be a Toys R Us kid. Right. [music] [music] All those sci-fi toys. Yeah, for sure. Just so there's no confusion, this song is called Chakaruna. It's licensed by Orchard Music. So when I when I dispute this later, Orchard Music, this one's called Desperado. You're not going to you're not going to um [music] you're not going to reject it. You know why? Cuz I said so. That's why I've actually been winning some appeals lately, which is crazy because these companies are too they're too chicken to to go any further than the rejection of a dispute. Then they got to get lawyers involved and lawyers are no no fun, right, David? We love you, David. [laughter] Some of my best friends [music] are lawyers. All right. [music] Desperado is very copyright claimed. [music] [music] Been fun chatting about things other than Disney tonight. I'm so glad. So glad you guys have enjoyed chatting about things other than Disney tonight. We love Disney, [music] of course. But hey, chatting about IU's big win's been pretty awesome. [music] Pretty awesome. I actually think even though it was stressful to watch, I think it was Hello. How are you? Good. How are you? Good. I've been watching you online. Oh, thank you. Great. [music] Awesome. Thank you. Have a great night. You, too. We introduced them to the classic movies and music. My 14-year-old said, "All of your music, movies, and music are better than ours." I love that. A lot of my high school kids feel the same way. [music] I think it's probably I hate to say it, but I think it's probably the more I don't know. I just say ones with better taste. I was going to say more educated, but you know, like people that that might feel that way because the definitely the Tik Tok generation, you know, they they like their they like their music, I think, and and stuff better. And a lot of the Tik Tok generation can't sit through a movie. My name is Steph and my husband is Josh, and I'm a teacher. Fun. Lawyers are not fun, David says. Sorry. Yes, but you are, and that's all that matters. [music] and my other my other good lawyer friend. You guys are both fun. No, it's been really fun. As this [music] music gets stuck in my head over and over again as I offer consistent commentary about the music that is playing. Kids don't get up early for Saturday cartoons. I know those were so good. I even remember the Disney Afternoon. [music] I actually have a lot of those collected on my media server and I've been trying to label them correctly so they get put into seasons correctly, but [music] that way we can watch them on the TVs. All right, so here's some trivia. Speaking of 80s and 90s, ready? My favorite show, my favorite cartoon um from the 80s and 90s probably a cross between these two GI Joe of course the original GI Joe series, the first one [music] and then um but the one that's probably my absolute favorite is um I think I've said this before, but it's Silverhawks was created by the same [music] group that did Thundercats, which I never really got into Thundercats that much, but Silverhawks, [music] one of my favorites. It's ranking bass. They did the Rudolph stuff, too. They were such a great duo. But, um, [music] this song is really loud. But anyway, Silverhawks, man. So good. I was watch actually watched it a couple episodes over over the holiday break. Loving it. [music] Remember going to Toys R Us at midnight near Christmas while the kids were asleep. How fun. [music] Yeah, I think the internet is great. I also obviously it enables things like this, but I also think the online shopping kind of killed the whole amazing store experience because even on Amazon, your selection is not as great as what it used to be and a lot of the stuff is of suspect quality. You know, I think Amazon is one of the unfortunately it's convenient, but it's also one of the worst things [music] that's happened because the way the rate the way the reviews are rigged and all that kind of stuff, it's it's hard. But um so but yeah, even with toys and stuff, it's like so much better with toys to be able to pick them out in a store and see what you're really getting. [music] Transformers and Batman the anime series, those are [music] really great, too. And Transformers was also one of my favorites. The music from Transformers G1 is iconic. And I'm proud of Liam. He's watched all the way through it now. He's watched all the way through the G1 series. [music] It's cool. A lot of the Transformer stuff is actually on YouTube on the Hasbro, like not not pirated, but actually on the official Hasbro channel. [music] There's also official Transformer channel. So, [music] I applaud the companies that say, "Hey, this cartoon's 40 years old. Maybe we can get some ad revenue from the, you know, YouTube." But other than that, like they don't they don't need they don't need to be trying to sell it 18 times. [music] It is getting colder. [music] All right. 51 feels like 44 again. We're not even in the 40s yet. All right, Johnny Quest. Oh, yeah. Hannah Barbara had some great ones, too. Jetsons is one of my favorites. Conjunction Junction. What's your AI art in stores? I hope there's not a lot of AI art here. I think a lot of this is a lot of this is hand painted. I'm not going to say everything, but I wonder if Disney does have some criteria on that. I I do actually Sorry, the maple maple popcorn just about overtook my senses, and I just about had to go back and grab some. Anyway, I'm good. But I actually uh wonder if Disney has some criteria about that so that they don't have all the that type of stuff going on. [music] I got the cartoons. The 60s, Bugs [music] Bunny, Roadrunner. Those are good, too. What? We watch those. Excuse me. We watch those. [music] Batman the animated series was way ahead of its time. Great art stories, incredible music, great [music] voice acting. Yeah. And Transformers was like that too in a way. I really do think so. [music] But also um the um I think the Silverhawks had a lot of that too. It was just so good. Brett found some old Silverhawks figures at a flea market one time and sent [music] me pictures. California has a lot of really good flea markets, it sounds like. I I wouldn't know if there were any around here cuz I just don't see them. Yeah. [music] Yeah. Bucks is singing the schoolhouse rock song. [music] A thanks Shamira. I'm glad you watch. Glad you watch it on YouTube. Uh Tom and Jerry. Yes. Everyone is mentioning such great shows. Land of the Lost. Garfield and Friends. Heath Cliff. And some of these shows like Garfield and Friends had the uh was it Green Acres or something? What was that? Was that the [music] one with Orson the Pig? And then um and Heathcliffe had another like it wasn't just Heathcliffe the whole time. It was um Riffraff. There was a whole other cartoon series in there. Those were good. Ducttales, of course. OG Ducttales. Yeah, good stuff. Hong Kong Fooy. I don't, you know, I've heard the name. I don't remember that one. Fraggle Rock, of course. I wish our kids could have experienced the joy of Saturday morning. I know. I saw some Silver Rocks toys flea market this past Sunday. Lots of toys these days. I'd love to have some Silver Hawks, actually again, but I'm sure they're too expensive. If you ever see any for a reasonable price, Brit, let me know. I wouldn't mind having a couple just for fun. Like I don't need a whole collection, but just like one or two one or two nice looking figures to put on the shelf would be nice and you know play with every once in a while with Liam. Am I really Holy cow. [music] Sorry guys, I'm really tired tonight. I've been walking around here at 2 megabit quality. I'm a little embarrassed right now. And welcome to World Showcase Lagoon. In just 15 minutes, we invite [music] you to experience rumors the second of us. Yeah, Justin's a Scooby-Doo. I love that. Oh, you still have some? Well, [music] yeah, if you still do. I mean, you know, if you still can find them, I'd buy them off of you. [music] I don't want a ton, but you know, if you have a couple, like it just would be fun to show Liam what they can do. [music] It's hard to find any. Like every once in a while, if you want to pay $300, you can go online and get some that are still sealed. [music] Yeah. I'm sorry the quality was at 2 megabits the whole like time around the lagoon there. Maybe it didn't matter as much cuz it was dark, but man, that's embarrassing. [music] I turned it down on Mexico and I never turned it back up. I'm just so tired. All right, we're I'm going to go home. [laughter] Although I do want to show this real quick. [music] Oh, that's cool. David the Smurfs or the Betufus. I know, Eric. I just I was off last week, too. I didn't want to take both off, but yeah. Thank you. I appreciate that. I guess I guess not. Colleen, I only remember the name of it. I don't remember the Hong Kong food. I don't remember the uh show. [music] That's cool. It's 8:47. You know where your live stream is. Yeah, I know, right? All right, we're going to head out. We might We might be able to see one more um place your birth beacon of magic show. I used to be so hard on myself for not doing things right when I'm tired, but like it's not really fair to my body to ask it to be on point. Like I think I've been incredibly on point today considering that I've had 3 hours of sleep. So I think my body and my brain have actually done pretty well and I am going to be proud of that. But also, you know, I finally realized like when I did get, you know, a few nights of really good sleep, I was pretty sharp. And I'm like, "Okay, [laughter] it's not it's not that I can't do it. It's just that I'm not getting enough rest." I love all those old shows. Bozo. Oh my goodness. Bozo show. I remember watching that. Then we talked about this once before. Was Bozo national or was that regional? Was that I think it was based on Oh, no. It was national, but it was W It was a WGN show out of Chicago. I think WGN was national by that time, though. But it was recorded and it was filmed in Chicago. Bozo the Clown. Then of course, you know, speaking of old um you know, '8s 90s TV shows, Mr. Rogers. Hello. Howdy Dudy, David. I I know I know of it and I saw some reruns. Lamb Chop. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Mickey [music] Mom Jen's gonna do the song that never ends. I will be here a while. Willard Scott was Buzz of the Clown. [music] I Yeah, I didn't know who it was. Definitely get some sleep. Thank you. I will appreciate you so much. [music] I can't hang as late, too. I've been so tired all week. Thank you. I hope you feel better. [music] I hope you get some rest, too. Bozo was franchise. [music] Each market had its own bozo. Oh, really? Interesting. I met Bozo at WGN [music] was in the audience. How fun. Smart decision. Appreciate you. Thank you. I [music] can't push myself this hard forever. So, like I said, I didn't want to I almost I almost when I I went I took Liam home. I got changed for the stream. Normally I meet Steph, but she had a she had a um had a test done yesterday and was not feeling up to driving, which is totally fine. So, I took him home and I was getting changed and um [music] so I um and I was at home. I was like, "Well, maybe I should just stay here." But no, [music] I didn't want to I wanted to chat with you guys about the game and I didn't want to uh disappoint anybody. Am I afraid of the dark? Not not usually. Here we go. A this is such a great song. I heard this song live. [music] [music] Rainbows are visions but only illusions. [music and singing] And rainbows have nothing to hide. So [music] we've [singing] been told and some choose to believe [music] it. I know they're wrong. Wait and see. [music] Someday we'll find it. The rainbow [music] connection. The lovers, the dreamers, and me. [music] You said that [singing and music] every wish would be heard and answered. [music] I wished on the morning star. [music] Somebody thought of it and believed it. [music] Look what it's done so far. What's so [music and singing] amazing that keeps us gazing? And what do we think we might see? [music] Someday we'll find it. The rainbow connection. [singing] The mothers, the dreamers, and [music] me. All of us under [singing] it spell. We know [music] that it's probably magic. [music] Have you been half asleep? And have [music] you heard voices? I've heard them calling my name. Is this [music] the sweet sound that calls the young sinners? The voice might be [music] the same. I heard it too [music] many [singing] times to ignore it. It's something that I'm supposed [music] to be. Heat. Heat. Heat. [music] Yeah. Heat. [music] [music] [music] Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Here. Come right here. It took us 53 minutes. So good. So good. I love the uh [music] the animal like growling in there. So good. [music] So, I saw Kermit and Miss Piggy sing that live. [music] Did I post that yet? Man, there's so much stuff I haven't posted. I'm such a delinquent. [music] I just do all these events and I post some things and I forget to post the rest of it. Let me see if I can find it. I don't think I did post that. [music] [music] Here's Jordan Fischer's dressing room sign. Don't tell me. Don't uh don't ask how I got access to that. and Angie K. All right, here we go. Just kidding. It's just being in the right place at the right time. Okay, let me see if I can find Kermit and Miss Piggy. [music] [music] [music] Yes, I know. Why are there [music] so many songs? There you go. [music] That's Kermit and Miss Piggy singing it live. [music] [music and singing] I'll post it. So we've been [music] told that bucket list man. [music] [music] [music] Did I post it already? Okay, cool. I'm losing my mind, guys. Okay, it's time to go to bed. I don't remember. [music] Good night, Uncle Walt. I love that song, too. [music] All right. Well, I will see you guys Friday. [music] Friday Night Live. It'll be just me, maybe Liam or mom and dad. We'll see. But Jenna cannot be with me [music] because uh she's going to celebrate Dale's birthday, which is totally cool. I love that. Mr. Cary Small499 always do what is best for you, Josh, and know that we appreciate everything you and Jenna do. Thanks, Mr. [music] Cary Small. Appreciate you guys. Are you a man or a muppet? That's right. Sometimes I feel [music] like a muppet. Well, I don't know. Sometimes I don't think that would be such a bad thing. Muppets are pretty cool. Hey, Anthony. I remember Mr. Peabody and Sherman. Yeah, Boris and Natasha Bullwinkle. [music] Jenna will probably uh stream tomorrow. I will send you guys over to the 247 channel if you want to stay on. [music] Um I would appreciate it. and you can go chat over there 24/7 channel. Let me make sure the [music] stream is set up to forward correctly again because I was so out of it I may not have done it correctly. Let's see. I think I did though actually. All right. Oh, it's windy under here. Yes, I did. I did it correctly. Yay. I did a thing. All right, friends. Well, it's almost showtime for Luminous. We'll see it next time. Thanks Sean and thanks everybody. Hit the like, subscribe if you're new, check out all of our awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below. Mikytravels.com if you want to book your next trip to Disney. That's mickeyras.com. Go check them out. And mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news and articles. Also, go check out um resort tv1homes.com. That's resortv1homes.com. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, just go check out resorttv1homes.com. Again, that's resort tv1homes.com. Go check us out. Ooh, that's a fun shot. Yeah. Resorttv1homes.com. We're broken by EXP Realy. Also, we have um we also have Davis DBC Rentals. DBCrequest.com/tv if you want to rent a DBC room for a fraction of the cost. Davidbcrenals at dbcrequest.com/tv. And we also have um Behind the Ride on Amazon and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Two awesome books about the history of Walt Disney World. Disney Demystified and Behind the Ride, both on Amazon. Go check it out. Also, um, Dreamtable, if you want to find all the hardest to find reservations uh, here at Walt Disney World, definitely just go to the app store and search for Dreamtable on the App Store. They are awesome. It's [music] Dreamtable on the App Store or Dreamtable C dreamt.co. We also have um, [music] layer onetone technology.com. If you want um IT support for your small or mediumsiz business, it's B business. It's layer onetone techchnology.com. Again, support at layer onetone [music] technology.com. They've got got you covered for all your IT needs. layer onetchnology.com. I promise I can say words. [music] All right. So we have um also platinum members Bayubot TX total care Tom Amy Moore [music] uh big guy one Tiffany Mertz go many Mini Dian 515 Jack Sparrow Sers Mickey William Lively My Crazy Grunup Life [music] Chuck Polly the amazing Jay Moxley Cander Donnie Will Miller Christopher Black James Han Ali Berismo and Alan J. Ooh, that's fun. Look at that. I like Okay, yes, it's time for bed. Let's go up to the front of the sign here. Spaceship birth. [laughter] Yeah, my iPhone does that too when I try and say spaceship birth on the uh on the uh voice to text. Voice of text is just really bad most of the time. It's so funny with all the AI and stuff and they can't get that better. But that's a chat for another day. Apple's way behind on all that stuff. [music] Drop the ball. They did. There we go. Festival of the Arts. That's a wrap from [music] the Epcot International Festival of the Arts. Thanks for joining me. We'll see you Friday. [music] It's going to be fun. It's going to be warmer. It's going to be a blast. I'll sleep between now and then and I'll like make sense and everything. It'll be awesome. [music] No, I think we did pretty well tonight. I think we had some great conversations. You guys are so awesome. I appreciate you all so so very much. And I'll see you Friday. There we go. Bam. All right, everybody. I'll see you on the 247 channel. Thanks for joining me. Go Hoosiers or Hooh whoer. Anyway, really, really, really excited for my uh for my uh Indiana [music] Hooers. Can't believe that they did it, but it is very, very cool. And I'm excited for you all because uh we're going to have some great streams together once I get [music] some rest. Uh anyway, we'll see you guys on Friday. Thanks to everybody. Thanks moppers. Thanks Hoppers. Thank you to all of the um Thank you to all the platinum members. We talked about that. [music] Thank you to all YouTube, all the Patreons, everybody. We'll see you soon, everybody. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful [music] tomorrow. Bye-bye. [music] That's right. [music] [music] I'm fine everybody. [music] How are you? Good. [music] You guys have a good night. Thank you. [music] [music] Special treat for you guys that stayed on. I'll show you what the fireworks look like from outside the park for a second. Then we'll we'll say good night for real. [clears throat] Oh my god, man. How do you do it? all the other supposed to be. New York. No one serious. All right, everybody. Have a great night. Let's go.
