---
video_id: isoLThEIhoo
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Tranquil Tuesday at Epcot - A Relaxing Evening - Walt Disney World - 3-24-26"
published: 2026-03-24
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isoLThEIhoo
---
I want to pull your eyes. [laughter] Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I am live for Tranquil Tuesday here at Epcot. Welcome in everybody. We're starting in World Showcase tonight. It's a beautiful evening. There's a little bit of a chance of rain, but right now it's pretty clear and so we're excited for a great evening at Epcot. The Flower and Garden Festival. >> I love this background music. It's so nice. >> It does look a little rainy over here, but it hasn't come this way yet. >> So, hopefully [clears throat] we're okay. Hey, Disney magic. Hey everybody. Hey Leslie, Disney cat. How we doing? Alicia, Manoa J, Aunt Becky, Rita, and Mara. Princess Kristen, congrats on 29 months of Resort Hopper Silver. Hi Josh. Happy Tranquil Tuesday. Hey Princess Kristen, happy Tranquil Tuesday to you, too. Thank you. >> Hey, Carbo Box. Hey, Denise. >> Yeah, thanks for being a member. 29 months. Wow, that's a that is a long time. really really appreciate that. That means you [music] were there since the beginning. Lots of lots of people still there since the beginning. We appreciate you. Thank you. It's beautiful. Little Showcase Lagoon's always great. Looks like they're getting set up for an event over here in the event space. This is usually used for events. So, [music] it used to be a really good place to watch and there are still occasions where sometimes you can watch the fireworks from there, but you you can hang out there during the day. So, it is it is a nice hangout spot, just kind of a peaceful spot during the day, but uh it used to be you could kind of stake that place out for the evening. So, back when I illuminations was going on. Speaking of illuminations, I believe that's the one that plays tonight on my Resort TV 247 ride channel, the Ride Stream. So, on the Ride Stream, if you don't not familiar, a lot of you already know, but if you're not familiar, I have a 24-hour channel that plays there's two streams on there now. One of them just plays relaxing strolls where I just walk around the parks and no talking, and you can just have it on as background ambiance with or without sound. It's up to you. But there's no narration on it. Just [music] ambient crowd noise. So yeah, you'll hear other people talking but not me. And then also usually it's kind of a door a dull roar. And then also I have a ride stream on there. And the ride stream every night at 9:00 there's a fireworks show and there's every show from like Wishes to like Illuminations, Epcot Forever, they're all on there. Even Enchantment. Yeah, Inar just posted a link. Thank you Mara for posting the link. But yeah, go over and subscribe and I'll send you over there today after the stream. >> We had a little bit of problem with our internet this past weekend and so I had to uh had to get the backup server going for both streams. So should be good, but we lost a few people on our ride stream. So I wanted to make sure that we got everybody back on there. So now let me know if you guys are watching. Is the ride stream too repetitive? There's about there's still about 70 or 80 rides on there, but actually 80 or 90, sorry. But I hope it's not too repetitive. Thanks, Kirsten. Of course, there's going to be additions. We're always going to add um different different rides on there. Hey, Don and Jill. Both channels were awesome, but we especially like the ride stream. Awesome. Gene, good evening for UK. I'm glad you like it family. Let me get over here. I'm glad you like it. Oh, good. I'm glad that it's not too bad. I just noticed that like for a while it was good. Hi. >> Hi. Me and my dad watch you. Can I say hi to him? >> Of course. What's your name? >> Hi, I'm Katie. Hi, Todd. >> Where you from? >> Uh, southern Indiana. >> Oh, what part? >> We talked to Jenna. >> Yeah, we talked to >> Okay, so we're from Vincen. So, wait a minute. >> That's awesome. Yeah. >> Nice to meet you guys. Excellent. Bye-bye. All right. So, um it's a nice cool breeze right now. It's pretty nice. Anyway, I noticed a drop in viewership, like a big drop on the live ride channel. So, I was wondering if people were just getting tired of it, which is fine. I'm just trying to figure out the best way to keep it going. People ended up back on the stroll channel. Or maybe just the stroll channel's quieter and that's better for ambiance. I don't know. So, either way, they're both going to be there. Uh, I just was curious. It's the Hold on a second. The gimbal seems to be a little crooked. There we go. Let's try this again. Yeah, still a little crooked. >> This gimbal needs a It needs a uh needs a calibration. All right, by the way, we are in 1440p. Again, I've been trying that out on this phone. It seems to work well with it, but it gives you a little extra quality, few extra pixels here and there, so it makes it nice. It's Garden Rocks. Is that happening tonight? I guess it is. I think I hear a concert being performed. It's a gamble ride. Yeah, you can tilt your head. There you go. Creativity. I love it. That wind is actually like not cold for sure, but like noticeably cooler than the air around it. So, that's kind of interesting. Did you hear anything about Disney stopping barbers? Nope. Not true. Nope. Nope. Nope. And remember, if they were, you know, if they were if they were doing that, we have a media contact who would definitely reach out to us. She's she's great and she's always in communication about things. So if there was something changing, she would definitely let us know. You know, that's their park. They're all they're they're welcome to do whatever they want and so we would abide by whatever they said. But uh no, as of now, there's no changes. So it was just there was a situation in California with the the people. And if you watch the video, like the whole video, um you can kind of see why what happened. Like they just really weren't listening to the cast members asking him to stop the stream, asking him to do this and that. and they just weren't following instruction basically. So they were asked to leave. So yeah, so it has nothing to do with everybody. Just that one specific group was was uh asked to leave. So you have a Dairy Queen in your area? We do actually. Yeah, we do. And we grew up with one, too. I think the 24/7 stream should be separate from the ride one in my opinion. One for ambulance, one for background strolls. Yeah. No, they are separate. They are separate. I'm not going to make separate channels for them, but making separate live streams cuz it's hard when you make a channel, you got to do all the, you know, background stuff with it, get it monetized, and, you know, do all the tax stuff and all the all the things. So, it's easier to just have one channel just for 24/7. I don't have it on this one, of course, because, you know, we don't want it to conflict with the regular live streams on this channel and mess up notifications and all that, but um but yeah. No. Um that's why there's two different videos. There is a 24-hour ride stream and a 24-hour stroll stream. So, it's just on the same channel. It's kind of like having two different channels on a cable service. Sort of. Kind of. Sort of. That's a breezy breeze. >> Girl behind me said the same thing. She's like, "Oo, the breeze is chilly." Yeah, that is exactly what I just said. That's funny. >> Okay. How about that? >> Here we go. Oh, maybe the maybe the concert just let out. >> I don't know. I just thought I was eating. I had fish and chips for dinner cuz that sounded really good. And then I was like, we always start in Future World cuz of course that's where most of the rides are and that's where I come in. Makes sense. But I thought, why should I run all the way to Future World when there's so much cool stuff here? Got the bonsai trees. YouTube is changing how many lives you can have going at one time at a single channel. Oh, really? >> Oh, what's the what's the what's the number? >> Hey, Plymouth Rock. >> Interesting. >> We got to move. We got a long way to go. >> Well, I hope that doesn't mean we need a new one. I was planning on adding one more maybe to that channel, but if I can't, then I understand. I'm glad you love the channels in the strolls. Yeah. And if you haven't checked it out, check it out. Remember DJ Eno here just a couple months ago, New Year's Eve. They haven't announced the number yet. It was announced a couple months ago. It was changing. Okay. >> Well, now I understand. I'm sure it'll be a reasonable number. I understand why they don't want people maybe to have like, you know, like 24, you know, or 12 or 15, you know, like some ridiculous number. Especially if they've only got it cost them money if the channels if the if the streams that everybody's streaming only have like one viewer, two viewers, zero viewers. Like maybe they could do it that way and say like, you know, only a certain amount of viewers, only a certain amount of streams unless you have a certain amount of viewers on the streams. Somebody's in the American pavilion. Nice. So, yeah. Either way, I don't know. We'll see. Oh, hopefully it'll be more than two cuz like I said, my next one that I'm going to add on there probably is a resort the resort stream uh resort TV stream, sorry. So that I I just have all my resort TV stuff playing. So you can turn it on your TV and just be like watching Stacy or watching, you know, Chissa even back in the day or watching the tip for today. Tip for today. Remember that? I >> do all that. >> Hey Michelle, it is a great night to stream. Six or seven. Yeah, could be. Could be. >> Oh, I mean the cop just called me a ass. I was just testing the sheriff. >> Oh, sorry about that. >> Yaoza. >> All right. Do >> you guys remember? >> Yeah. >> That was a old school. the tip for today. Hey, Donna. It's crazy how how much cooler that breeze is than the regular air temperature. Like it's like radically different. A cold front, I guess, cuz it's coming from the north, but still. Oh, evolution Mtown. Thanks. Okay, makes sense. You may have up to three active streams using the same stream key. You may have up to 10 active streams on the channel. That's Oh, that's the rule cardboard box. That's fair. 10. That's a That is a very reasonable number. I would never go over that. I probably never go over three or four. I probably won't even get to six or seven. Yes, I have seen evolution Mottown as well. They are fun. Sometimes the breeze is nice though. >> We're sending our chilly weather to you from Indiana. Thanks. It probably won't quite all the way get down here, but Yeah, even at 10:00 the low is going to be like 68. Tomorrow it's going to be back up to 80, so it's not going to get too cool. >> But it is funny to feel the the difference in air temp. No resort TV9. No. [laughter] Nope. That's a great question. Let's see. Hi. >> All right. I think the 24/7 relaxing one. I put the 24/7 relaxing one on every night. I noticed it hasn't been switching to nighttime. Oh, it hasn't been switched at night time. Yeah, I fixed it. >> I fixed it. Um, so >> we were uh I have my backup server that that runs whenever my internet gets bad, but the my internet one, like the one that runs off my computer actually works better. Um, but my internet unfortunately is not very reliable. So, um, had the backup server, but it's in 12-hour increments. So, what I need to do and what I finally figured out is I can restart it every day at um I can restart it every day at uh 8:00 in the morning. So, it should so even if it's on the backup server now, it should restart every time at 8:00 in the morning. So, that'll be good. So, the 24/7 will be back on the day night or at least it'll be closer. It may not ever be like right exactly when it gets dark at your place, but it'll be closer to what it used to be. Happy Tranquil Tuesday. Blessed be. The other day, Jenna got to catch a little bit of Mickey Mouse in the band uniform with the MK Street Band. That's fun. How cool. Yeah, the cool breeze sometimes feels really nice on a cool, muggy day. All right, [clears throat] let's go in here real quick. I don't know. It might lag, but >> it's Figment. >> Loving the 24/7 ride streams. It's great that you've included Bri that are gone. Very nostalgic. Yeah, even the castle birthday cake. That's from Rob Faz, our friend, allowed us [clears throat] to use his video. He's so great. Looks like stained glass. It is stained glass. That's nice. Emaro. Sorry, Emara posted the link for anybody who needs it. That's very nice. Ali. >> Oh, wow. I like this one. Huh? >> Golden Oak. >> So nice. Let's go this way. Stitch. >> Those are nice. >> Real quick, I got to >> I got to send this picture. This is a perfect place to say get that price. >> All right. >> I know, but it's not >> it's Oh my god. >> Okay. The sign says what it is, but she's uh >> there's Tiana. Really very very good topiary. Looks nice. I >> need to stitch painting. Yes. Yes, she does. >> Very good. >> Yes. Back to school. Yep. Yesterday. Back in the swing of things. I've worked very hard the last couple days to get everything caught up. So, every time you're gone, there's just a catch up period. What? I have 50 52 emails, something like that. So, but we got them [clears throat] all. We got them all caught up. >> American booth closed. Yeah, I didn't see. Hey, Mr. Master. I do have my [music] umbrella just in case the rain does eventually make it here, which it looks like it might. It's looking more and more like it over there by Mexico. >> So, or at least behind Mexico. Although, this is a big enough park that like you can watch it start raining on one side and it takes a while to get to the other side, which is always kind of funny. Have you considered dual streaming on Rumble? Setting up the 247 chat there. Haven't yet. We have a channel there, but it's not a lot of traffic for Disney content on there. So, we'll have to look into it a little more, but there's not a lot of I I actually had somebody reach out to me from there and wanted us to be on there and and even set up the channel for us and everything, which was really nice, >> but just not a lot of people searching for Disney on there right now. So, I I I don't get me wrong, I think it's good for for YouTube to have competitors. I think it would push them to like be better because there there isn't another That's why I don't understand why YouTube's switching the shorts so hard because, you know, everybody does that, right? Tik Tok, Instagram, whatever. Like, everybody, Facebook, everybody does shorts. And I know they're extremely popular because people have short attention spans. But what's crazy to me is YouTube's the really only very popular like very viable long form platform and they're just like, "Eh, forget the forget the long form. We're not going to we're not going to push that anymore. We're just going to push we're just going to push shorts." It's crazy what they're doing. I don't get it. Hopefully they'll reverse course eventually. I'm not the only one saying it. There's been a lot of bigger channels than me saying it. Well, hopefully they do. pre [laughter] that might be true. Carbo box. I love the little canal here. I missed this for so many years. I [music] just didn't even notice that this was like the canals of Venice over here. A Venetian canal. But yeah, um I've told you before that I watch uh I like tech, you know, channels and tech blogs and retro and modern and uh watch Linus Tech Tips, one of the bigger tech channels. and he was talking about how their channel may not be viable in the he said medium future not near future but in the medium future if the trend continues the way it is where the long form stuff is not being pushed. The biggest difference we've noticed too is not just the live stream replays but any older videos they're not pushing any older videos at all. They're just content to kind of let them [music] die. Whereas before they would like if you had an older video that was relevant [clears throat] to somebody, they'd go ahead and surface it and it might be like all of a sudden there would be a spike of people interested in something and it would get a bunch of views, you know, and that doesn't happen anymore. So hopefully they'll figure that out and get back to what they're supposed to do. >> Wish I could disable shorts. I know. Yeah, it'd be nice to just [clears throat] even even if there was still the shorts tab on the app, like where there's a little at the bottom of the app, there's a shorts tab. If you could just disable it in the home in the home feed and the subscription feed still have the little tab. So, it's like, okay, if I want to go there, I'm intentionally going there, but otherwise, I'm not seeing them. I think that'd be better for sure. >> No, but I had a >> I don't think YouTube needed shorts. Exactly. I agree. >> I'm not hungry. YouTube also pushes out your party videos from years past to me. Oh, that's good. Okay, so they're doing some. I'm glad to hear that. On the daily analytics, the 24-hour, 48 hour, I guess 48 hour analytics, you can see like we used to have consistently older videos that would get 2 to 3,000 views every 24 hours or every 48 hours. Older videos that would just consistently get those kind of views and that went away. So now the the biggest older video might get three or 400 views every couple days. So it's really it's just a it was a very big shift last January, but whatever. We can't can't do anything about it. So we just keep going. >> I got suggestions from some channels that are up to a decade old. Oh, really? Well, maybe they are pushing it out. It's just not not at the frequency it was. Or maybe it's just not our stuff. I don't know. But yeah, it was just a huge down downgrade in that in those uh analytics was weird to see. But uh >> but yeah, I agree about the the shorts thing like like there's already so many people that were doing that. So I abhore the shorts. I watch YouTube specifically for your long form videos, multi-hour videos. Thank you. Well, and that that is like I said, YouTube's the only platform that's really, you know, viable that does that. So, anyway, I don't want to spend the whole stream complaining. I was just making an observation. I was just kind of paring what I heard on the other stream because it was really good points. So, all good. I'm not the only one saying it. But, I do hope channels like his, you know, like Linus' and like other big channels, you know, they have like a bunch of employees. Like, they have to have big videos cuz they had to pay all their people. So, they've got to keep it going. So, anyway, I just hope that those kind of channels don't disappear. So, all right, enough about that. Let's head around the world. We'll eventually get to Mexico. I wouldn't mind riding Frozen, but I'm sure the lines long to see the new animatronic faces. I haven't seen them yet. I didn't get to check out your new It's a Small Row video. Oh, yeah. Thanks, Carbo Box. Yeah, that was one I just posted cuz I realized I didn't have a good video of that ride. As I'm making the ride channel, I'm like, "Oh, I don't have that ride." Small World. Well, what what a perfect opportunity to have it now with the new verse. So, now we have it. So, yeah, check out the Small World video. >> It wasn't one intended to be super viral or anything. Just uh making sure it was in the archive. >> So, if you ever want a super high quality, which I use this new phone to do, then you can go find it. if they liked the pictures. She said, "I told her kids were dying, so I'm disappointed." >> I love this. We showed this last time, but just in case, I started posting daily beach videos and can't pass past 20 views. Wow, it's hard. [music] Yeah, sometimes it's really usually gets stuck. So, here's this here's this um banner. >> And here it is again. Thank you, Leslie, for posting it. Appreciate it. >> Focus. There we go. >> Frozen upgrade does get look great. Awesome. >> That'll be cool to check out for sure. Well, this Friday, I know Jenna is gonna be live tomorrow. I have to text her. But this Friday, uh, we'll be live together. I'll be back on the stream and she and we're going to be doing our fundraiser for the, uh, Give Kids the World. >> Not, sorry, that's different. We still do that. But no, the the experience camps, experience camps. Uh, we'll be doing the fundraiser for that [music] for our race. I started training for the race and I've been running I've been trying to run over a mile at a time if I can. So, I'm hopefully I'll be in shape soon. There's the dwarfs. >> That's exactly what we saw about YouTube. Oh, thank you, Josa family. I appreciate you. Yeah. I I do appreciate that. I also know people come, you know, to relax, so I don't want to stress anybody out with our [music] problems because we're we're going to be fine. But I do appreciate the support. So, >> here are all the dwarfs. My son and I are doing that race, too. We hope you catch a glimpse. Oh, yeah, for sure. Say hi if you see us. I don't know that I'm going to stream it, though. Like, we might, but I think I'm probably we're probably just going to GoPro it. So, we'll see. The strange trees with no leaves. They They trim them [music] They trimmed them down to get them a little better. Hey, Jamie. How are you? >> Good. >> Good. >> Have you been on big time on on Buzz Lightyear yet? No, I haven't. Uh, we haven't gotten any previews of it yet. >> No, it's basically the same >> with the different guns, right? >> Different guns and different like um a different like target. >> Yeah. >> Which which I the fuchsia wasn't working. But I I don't they never described like what like the because like the targets have like different effects. Oh, >> the more you shoot them, but they never said what the different effects. >> So, they might do that maybe when it's fully open. Maybe it's not already yet. It's just a test or something. Who knows? >> I mean I mean what do you mean by they might >> I mean like there might be a part of the pre-show that explains that or something if you said the pre-show wasn't working. So maybe there'll be something. >> Maybe. But yeah, I mean I mean I I'm definitely in like no hurry to like go back and ride it. Okay. Well, is it It's probably like Disneyland's a little bit in some ways because of the way you can pick up the blaster and >> Yeah. But now now the the spin function is basically kind of pointless. >> Oh, okay. >> Since you can just turn it. >> You could just turn. Yeah. >> Yeah, >> that makes sense. Well, it's still fun to spin though, right? >> Yeah. Yeah. And the the Q is exactly the same as >> Okay. Well, okay. Well, but to be clear or to be to be fair, they didn't have it closed very long. So, I guess that's that's Yeah. >> Closed to like 7 months. >> Yeah. But that's pretty short when it comes to a ride reurb. >> Yeah. >> So, usually it's like multiple years, you know, like Thunder Mountain's been closed for a while. >> Thunder Mountain's been closed for a while. >> So, no, it's good. Well, I appreciate it. I'm going to have to come. Hopefully, I'll get on it pretty soon. And if not, it'll be April 8th when it opens for everybody else. >> No, April 8th is when it open, >> I believe. That's what I read. Yeah, April 8th is what they announced on the uh the the blog. >> Yeah, may maybe. But um do you believe the rumors about rocking over opening on Memorial Day? >> You know, I don't know. I I I I would think it'd be They only closed it just, you know, a month ago or so. So, I I would hesitate to think they could do it that fast, but we'll see. >> Yeah. I mean, the pre-show is getting close, >> right? The pre-show might be getting close. So, yeah, we'll see. We'll see. Good to see you. >> You, too. Have a good one. I don't know. I have also heard that rumor about Rockin opening early, but hey, listen, it'd be super impressive if it did. I I just I know with Disney, I'd rather them take the time to, you know, really get it right um than to rush, you know, than to rush it in any way. So, I know and I know they don't they don't usually rush stuff. They would rather they'd rather take their [music] time and and get it right. So So, yeah. Oh, you love this shirt. Yes, it's a great shirt. It was a Pixar if you're wondering. >> Yeah. So, the trees are trimmed back. They always trim the I don't know what kind they are. I'm not as educated on tree types as that, but I I do know that they are uh they are uh I do know that they are um they trim them back every year. So, do you know why SSC has been closed for 3 days? No, I don't. Somebody was asking that earlier in the stream. I actually don't know. Uh, I haven't heard anything about it. So, um, no. Sometimes when that happens, obviously, I mean, yeah, I'm just speculating, but it's a bigger issue than, you know, maybe they're they're waiting on a part or something. So, I just I don't know. >> Oh, maybe the clock will go off in [music] one minute. Let's see. Does it go off on the half hour? Let's see. Here we go. It's >> almost 6:30. >> It's what I call grape trees. They look like grape stems. Yeah. Oh, the clock is actually behind. We'll have to come back out in a couple minutes. It's actually a little bit It's a couple minutes slow. All right, we'll come back. Thanks for being awesome. Yeah, I try. I try. I don't know that I will succeed, but I do try. And knowing is half the battle. Wait, that's the wrong It's the wrong cartoon. I had an electrical issue. Even the beacons of magic weren't working. Interesting. Very interesting. Okay, I can't go in here very far without turning on the Wi-Fi, but I have to say hi to Oh, there's people in front of I have to say hi to Blingy Spaceship Earth. Also heard something about a pipe bursting. Okay. Well, could be. Yeah. I never know. Go to low quality for a second so it doesn't die. >> They sing somewhere. Yes. In the beer garden. I'll show you. >> Okay. Will they take a check? Will they take a check? I love that. All right. So, they sing. Actually, they sing over here in the beer garden October Fest. I know. I wish they had put in a ride for Germany, too. I think they they still probably could. I mean, I I I would assume that there's room back there, but maybe there's not. I don't know. That would be really cool. Canadian Disney family says, "Thank you for tonight." You're very welcome. All right. So, here here, let me get out here cuz I think that the the clock is going to uh strike the half hour here in a second. We'll see if it actually makes a noise. Yeah, electrical issue could make sense. >> Just maybe if it's waiting on a a part or something. All right, here we go. Maybe >> Rapunzel ride. Yeah, that'd be great. More dark rides. That's what I say. My sister's a photo pass I saw on the stream. That made my day to see her. Oh, that's awesome. I would have said hi for you if I'd known. I also don't want to embarrass her. Okay, so no, there's nothing. I can only hang out for a few minutes. Well, I'm glad you're here, Amber. It round town today sometime around 5:15. Oh, yeah. You know what? I walked in with some really [music] nice hoppers. Um, and they um, and I thought it was working when I walked by with them. So, yeah. So, maybe it has maybe it was up for a little while. Well, looks like it's not doing anything. Maybe it's only on the hour cuz it is definitely the clock is showing past 6:30 as well. So, oh well. >> Or maybe it's also not working. We were talking about favorite memories on your anniversary. My favorite memory is walking by in front of Toy Story Land when they soft open and being greeted by cast and Imagineers. Yeah, that's a great one. That is very that is very cool. Anytime you see the Imagineers or cast members, you know, just to be able to show appreciation to them is great. Just like when we got off Runaway Railway, somebody mentioned this when we got off Runaway Railway and you could you could see uh you could see the the Imagineers standing there, you know, like again it's so crazy cuz they create something and they don't get to they don't get, you know, when you perform something like you get applause for it, you know, when you [music] perform, but when you create a ride or something, you don't get that feedback. And so a lot of times you're like wondering if people like it or not or or you you know you just love to hear that appreciation a little bit. So it's great. I'm glad that they get it. >> Also, by the way, Liam and I had an amazing time at Mega Con over the weekend. You may have seen my shorts. I posted a couple shorts. Um we we met a very iconic man. And this will be on a vlog. We have a vlog here. We have a vlog coming out on this one, but >> uh here. [music] >> Will it focus? There we go. So, if you don't know who that is, that's of course Liam in the Optimus Prime costume. And that's Peter Colin, the original voice, the G1 voice of Optimus [music] Prime. Well, [music] >> that's pretty cool. So, that'll be on the video. I didn't We didn't obviously get to film the experience when we met him, but uh Whoa, it's like a little stuck. There we go. >> Yeah, Mega was amazing. Uh very busy and I I learned some things about how to get there and stuff like that. But, but yeah, it was great. And meeting Peter Colin, he is [music] the goat. Um and he was so nice. Like obviously with the photos, if you ever done those photos, they you know, they got to go. you can't you don't have time to talk. If you want to do if you want to talk for a second, you got to do the autograph. Uh we but I wanted the picture and so I I um you know so I opted for the the the photograph and it's you know it was about $100 so I didn't want to do for each. I didn't want to do 200. Uh but anyway uh he was so nice. I asked Liam if he wanted to go mask on or off for the picture. He said mask on. So he's actually Optimus to meet Optimus. And so he um >> when Peter Collins saw him, he says he looked right at him and said, "Oh my goodness." He got so excited. He's like, "You're the best one I've seen all day." That's exactly what he said. He said, "You're the best one I've seen all day." And then he said, um, and he said, "Come here. Come here." He like wanted he put his arm around Liam and he's like he's like, "Wow, you just look so great and everything." And I said, "Oh, you know, we said thank And of course Liam was Yeah, he was kind of starruck obviously. I mean we both were cuz I mean I've been watching this Transformers since I was younger than Liam, you know. So how cool to meet a childhood icon even though I didn't know what he looked like at the time. Like his voices are so legendary. So uh then we got the picture. But but it was nice because I mean obviously again they didn't allow cameras or filming back there but you know I think it makes the whole experience more organic because we'll always remember that and obviously he probably feels more comfortable without somebody filming while he's talking. So it was just one of those great experiences that yes I wish I had a way to remember it but I also know that it was a special thing that Liam and I will never forget. So there is that. Of course. All right, >> we also got to see, we didn't get to meet him, but we got to see Frank Welker, who was the voice of Megatron. >> So, that was pretty cool. And if you go over to my Retro TV1 tech page and you want to see Optimus and Megatron talk together, I'll give you a little preview of it. I actually wanted to post it on retro cuz I just haven't posted anything there for a while. But if you go on my RetroTV1 tech page, I've got way too many pages. Go to shorts. I'm sorry. I made it a short cuz I I just got to get in the program, I guess. So So here, here it is. I'll give you a little Let me Let me turn up the sound so you can hear it. All right. Here we go. >> So pull this up on your pull this up on your on your >> No one will stand in my way, >> Megatron. One shall stand and one shall fall. So be it. Power through tyranny. I will never give up all hope. Kill all are one [groaning] of us. Transform and roll out. [laughter] Was so I'm not going to lie. I had absolute chills the whole time. And they sound just the same. Wow. What an experience, right? So, go watch the short. Yeah. So neat. Wasn't it cool? And I mean, Frank Welker was the voice of of Fred from uh Scooby-Doo. I guess apparently Fred's last name is Fred Jones. I didn't remember that, but yeah. So, he's So, Frank Welker is the voice of Scooby-Doo. He also mentioned he was Smokey the Bear at one point. >> Yeah. But he was, you know, they were they were Megatron and Optimus. I mean, as recently as some of the Michael Bay films, but also not just that, um, they were um, the G1 Transformers, the G1 movie, so many different shows. I don't know them all. I'd mess up if I tried to list them all. But just to hear them talk and to hear them, and they weren't just doing the Transformer voices, they were doing like random other voices, too. It was just so cool to to hear how >> just to hear how versatile they both are. Was that amazing? >> And Frank Welker's got the uh Frank Welker's got the highest not highest, but just like a mid mid-range speaking voice. So he he does not at all sound like Megatron when he talks. You would never guess that he's just that talented and and so you know, again, so with uh with Peter Colin, they both have amazing voices. So Mega was amazing. Um don't park in the Dieserland thing cuz they don't have enough shuttles. We parked in Dieserland and or Desertland. I think it's Dieserland phonetically, but either way, we parked in Dieserland, uh, the little indoor park there, and they were supposed to have a shuttle and it was like 20 bucks. I was like, "This is great. They have a shuttle. It's like a couple miles away to the convention center. No problem, right? It was cheaper than doing an Uber from home." So, I was like, "Ah, let's just do that." Cuz all the other garages were already full by the time we bought bought tickets. So, we we went to the shuttle and it was wrapped all the way around the building. halfway at least halfway around a giant building and I was like we waited over an hour in the sun for the shuttle. So I when they they asked for my feedback in a survey that is I was like the event was amazing. Parking was not good. Please fix that. But they what was cool about Megatron was that Megatron [laughter] Megatron's cool too. What was cool about Megaom was how nice everybody was. Everybody was just so chill, so nice, so kind. You know, when you get crowdf pushy, but there it was like, "Oh, excuse me. Pardon me. Excuse Like it was just so incredible. Frank is Fred in every incarnation of Fred other than the Scoob version. That's crazy how cool. So yeah, we will I have I didn't do a vlog on Friday, but I did one on Sunday uh with Liam and I. So I showed our whole experience, but it's awesome. And we got to see uh I got to um actually this probably won't be in the vlog. I got to see William Shatner. uh we didn't get to meet him because again that would have been another charge but it would have been great some of my friends met him let me see I can find him well first of all here is uh let's see if I can find it uh here is Brent Spiner who was commander data we saw them in a panel uh Jonathan um Franks who was um Riker and then um Gates McFaden who was Dr. Beverly Crusher on the Next Generation. Oh, and then over here, Walter Kanig, uh, who was um [music] was Check Off. And it's hard to see. He kind of had his hat on. He was shaded, but he's also 90. So, he was check off. Uh, and then here's Let's see if I can find Shatner. Uh, here he is. He's 95. There he is. I mean, you can tell it's him. He was so nice to everybody. But they they did say for Shatner they did say no uh you no you can't touch him. You can't hug him. Like I mean yeah obviously he's 95 years old. Like you know they don't want to accidentally hurt him. Did you video the new Toy Story ride yet? Wait, what new Toy Story ride? You mean Buzz Lightyear? They just updated it. No, I haven't videoed it yet. Apparently it looks fairly similar. 95 and looking healthy. Yeah, he does. So >> either way, it was really cool to see everybody. >> Mr. T was there, too. We didn't get to see him. >> Apparently, one of my friends was in the the Mr. T panel. Apparently, he said um another guy walked in dressed as Mr. T with all the gold chains and he was like much, you know, he's younger, a little more, you know, buff and everything else. And he goes, "Who that that guy is making me look bad? [clears throat] You're the horse. >> Yeah, there was I mean there was so many here. I don't I don't want to get into the bad signal zone, but there was so many crazy amazing people there. I mean, Alec Baldwin was there, John Cena was there. Like they had a they had a whole list of celebrities. It was pretty impressive. Uh so anyway, the vlog will be coming soon. And I was going to have it ready for today, but then I decided to go to bed last night. I had so much stuff to do. Should attend more conventions. Yeah, we enjoyed it. Liam loved it. Liam also got I I don't want to ruin the vlog, so I won't show you anymore, but Liam got uh some really cool Transformer toys that we'll show on the vlog. >> Oh, sorry, Josh. >> Oh, you're good. Hi. >> Oh, hey. So, my uh yeah, he Liam [music] got some great like some really cool stuff. So, no no spoilers, but we'll put that on this channel so that more people can see it. Um cuz I know not everybody's on retro, which is fine. Uh but Mega Con is really both retro and current. It's both. So, how did you know John Cena was there? You can't see him. Good question. Good question. I was about to say it's on the website, but you're right. We can't see him. >> I met Mr. T at a casino. He is a lot shorter than you would think. Yeah, >> he's just Mr. T's just, you know, he was just an icon. He's such a personality. >> He's just got a larger than life personality. >> Yeah, >> that is pretty cool. Garbor Bucks, I didn't didn't, you know, didn't know that they knew me. So, you know, just saying excuse me. And they're like, "Oh, by the way, they also knew who I am." I was like, "Oh, okay. That's pretty cool." I love that. Well, it was nice to meet you, whoever you whoever you were. If you watch back the stream, that was fun. That guy, I met the nicest mother and daughter on the way in. We chatted all the way in and they were they were just so excited to to [music] meet and uh I don't know. It was just it's just great to hear people and meet people who enjoy the videos and the streams and have common interests and stuff. So [music] they were here to just hang out and have a nice evening. So >> the detail on these faces is so good. [music] >> High resolution. [music] >> [music] >> Do I get that at supermarket? No, >> not so [music] much. >> Yeah. >> No, I was on spring break last week. [music] >> Was that the convention where they announced Firefly announced an anime series? I don't know. That could be. It's such a big convention that, you know, there's no possible way to [music] do even a fraction of what's offered there. So, I don't know the answer to that question. But what I do know is we had a great time. We didn't go to a lot of panels. We only went to the Transformer, the Peter Colin and uh Frank Welker panel and then um the uh the uh Star Trek panel. Um we missed the uh William Shatner panel. That was right before I just we just missed it. I should have gone up there to see it. Quality is so good. I know you mentioned it quite a few times. What version of Samsung? It's a uh it's an S26 Ultra. S26 Ultra. Yeah. So, we're definitely not doing this right now. That's a little That's a little intense, but I may just have to bite the bullet and buy the uh Lightning Lane one of these days. Or maybe one of these days I'll go ride this instead of watching Luminous. I guess tonight could be that night. I mean, we do watch Luminous every time. Oh, look. Oswald squirrel. What do you guys think? Would you rather we could jump in frozen like right at 859? What do you think or would you rather do Luminous? >> My job. So early here in California still at work. Oh yeah. >> What' you do, Frozen? >> But again, to not wait an hour, we'd have to um do that instead of Bloomus cuz right what happens is right at 8:58 the uh right at 8:58 the um or right at 9:00 the lightning lanes won't be accepted. So then the wait time will be much much less. You guys stay frozen. All right, let's do it. Oh, like luminous. Hi, how are you guys? >> Wanted to say hi. Miami. >> Oh, you want to say hi on the stream to him? >> You want to say hi? >> Yeah. Is that okay? >> All right. >> Hi, everybody. >> From Miami, huh? Are you guys from Miami as well? >> From Miami. Yeah. Came up for Flower and Garden for the weekend. >> Oh, nice. >> Yeah, it's a nice weekend. We thought it'd be super busy. >> Yeah, it's hot. >> It does. It doesn't seem too bad. And got a nice uh a nice cool breeze tonight. So, can't complain. >> Yeah. >> Enjoy >> you guys. Nice to meet you. >> Bye, buddy. [laughter] >> You guys are saying frozen. Okay. All right. I'm good with that. >> I am good with that. >> Did you get a knife, too? >> Uh-oh. Guys, I noticed something. I noticed something. I got to I got to cross the street first. I noticed something. There's trolls in the [music] stream. Moderators, get them out. That's a good question, Carver Box. I don't think the two are related, but it is interesting [music] for sure. He asked if do you think the the let's go is any related to when when the or the let it go is any related to this generation when they're excited about anything they go let's go. I I I think that comes I'm sure you're joking but I think that comes more from like being a sports fan than like anytime like a sports team is like about to do something good. You're like let's go like you know let's go win. Let's go you know football. Let's go into the end zone. Let's go. Trolls in the stream. We just got to Norway. I know. Nice to have this area open. I know it's probably been open for a while, but I just noticed. So, you know, this is cool. >> Can I ask a huge favor? I haven't seen my daughter Emily, who serves popcorn at the Canadian Pavilion. I know usually don't show cast members. I haven't seen her. Oh, okay. You know what? We can make that happen. That's an easy, easy ask. [music] Is she there, right? How long is she going to be there? Can you find out? Cuz I kind of would like to do Mexico, but if she's not going to be there much longer, I will walk over there and walk back. So, let me know. How long do you think she's going to be there? Because I'd like to ride Grand Fiesta Tour, but we can always go see her and come back. So, it's up to you. >> I'm happy to do that. >> You may not be able I don't know. She may not be able to even check her phone while she's while, you know, while she's working. [music] So, I don't want also don't want to get her in trouble. >> Actor Diego Luna was at Megaon. Oh, really cool. >> I don't know him. I probably would have I probably would if you know I probably would if uh you told me what he was in, but by name I don't. But that's cool. >> This is troll country. That's right. >> [music] >> Uh Mark Davis MD just became a member. Thanks, Mark. Uh let's go over there. We'll come back and we'll do the grump fiesta. Let's go over and make sure we see his daughter in the popcorn thing. Well, thank you so much, um Mark Davis for becoming a member, bronze member. Thank you so much. Oh, >> remember me. >> You should totally stop singing. Every time I watch the stream back and I'm singing, I'm like, uh, be quiet. [laughter] I know my voice isn't that bad. It's just like one of those things that just it's hard to when you're not an actual singer. It's hard to sometimes listen to yourself sing. >> Top of the temples. uh sound room control. Not just sound, but control. I don't know how much they use it now, but definitely during illuminations. Here you can see the window right there. See [music] it? >> Oh, thanks, Jacqueline. >> My daughter works at college, so it won't be easy to see her on streams. Yeah, that's the hard part. That is the hard part indeed. Let's say hi to uh [music] >> our Coco friends. [music] >> If you're wondering why we hear the uh China music here, it's because we're still we're actually in the entry plaza [music] now. Even though you see um Miguel and Dante there, um you're um we're in the uh plaza area. So now any World Showcase music can play in this area. Boy, this would be a great night to run. I can't run here, of course, but uh this would be a great night to train up. I did my mile last night. I haven't run a mile in years, and I did my mile uh with a run walk cuz I'm really out of shape. But I did it in 12 minutes, which isn't bad. And technically I obviously I couldn't I probably couldn't hold that pace for six miles, but if I kept up that pace, I would definitely finish the 10K in like an hour and uh yeah, hour and a half, two hours. So that'd be good. >> I just want to make sure I get stay in front of the balloon, ladies. [crying] >> Must take a while to trim. Yeah, for sure. Uh Gail, hello Josh. Hello. Hey, Patrick. Facial bird back in service. Uh people are saying it wasn't. I actually haven't looked. So, uh we have to check the app. That's the only way I would know cuz I'm not not close to it right now. So, we'll see when it loads. We'll see what happens. Give me just a second. No, it's definitely not open. So, it is showing closed. I don't know how long it's been closed. I have no way of knowing that. But, uh yes, it is closed at the moment. I'm sure they'll get it working again. It'll be interesting when it gets dark to see if the lights Somebody said the beacon lights weren't working. So, if that's the case, there may be a really big electrical issue at the at the ride. I think you spun email. Am I being ignored? Oh, I didn't see it. Uh, I tried I went through my email the other day and I thought that I got it. So, I thought that I got them all. Maybe I missed it. Sometimes I do. Sorry. Uh, resend if you can uh to the one in my on on our about page. The easiest one is probably resort TV the word1@gmail.com. But yeah, uh unless I just forgot to respond. I'm sorry. We get lots of emails. So definitely not ignored. Probably just probably just uh me being forgetful. No, I never intentionally ignore anybody. Even if I get a sponsor offer and it's not something I want to do unless it's automated. I can tell when they're automated or not. Obviously, I just delete the automated ones. But if there's a person who really sent the email, then you can tell and I'll send uh I'll send one to to those people and and say, "Hey, thank you so much, but it doesn't fit what we're looking for." Or, "Hey, let's talk more." You know, either way, >> I always reply. >> Well, >> what I don't do very well at is Facebook anymore. I don't look at those anymore hardly at all because I'm like >> just too busy. It's really, really hard. >> Steph was taking care of some of it, but I just got overwhelmed with it. I smell the popcorn. Yeah. Resend it. Okay, good. I'm glad you're not offended. Never intentional. >> Yeah, the only ones I delete are the automated ones. I also really am careful about like, you know, what we do as sponsors. I want to make sure it's relevant to you guys. So, speaking of which, we got our first one, mickeyras.com. It's mickeyras.com. If you want to book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World or Disneyland or any Disney park or even cruise, it's mickeyras.com. Mickey Travels. >> I I'll come back and see them here in a second. It's pretty busy. Yeah. Mickeyas.com. >> You can book your next trip here to Walt Disney World. And uh you can also use their website mikyblog.com to find out the latest in Disney news. So mickeyras.com. Oo, it's very busy. mickeyrravels.com and mickeyblog.com. Okay, now I don't know who I'm looking for. mickeyras.com and mickeyblog.com. because I don't know which don't know which person. So, okay. So, somebody's gonna have to tell me who I'm looking for because I don't want to like just randomly put a cast member on the screen. So, tell me who I'm looking for. You could help me segue into that and segue to our sponsor. Anyway, definitely uh yeah, definitely. So, definitely go check it out. mickeyblog.com and mickeytras.com the best in free Disney vacation planning advice. >> So yeah, anyway, whoever the uh whoever the person was that wanted to see their daughter, just make sure you tell me who I'm looking for. >> Maybe he's not in the chat anymore. Emily from Cambridge, Ontario. Okay. >> Well, they're so busy. I don't want to bother them. >> Can I ask you a question? >> Absolutely. >> Do you know if Emily is here? >> Which one? We have five >> from uh Cambridge, Ontario. her dad is watching and wants to say hi to her on the live stream. >> I don't know if she's here or not. >> I think so. She might be in the restaurant or on break. >> On break. Okay, no worries. He said, "I haven't seen her in months and I'd like to have her say hi to me." Yeah. So, >> where that Emily is from cuz we have three of them. >> Well, it says here Cambridge, Ontario. So, I don't know if that's I'm just trying to remember the one that's here from where she's from. She might be in the restaurant. You can go take a peek. She'll be like seating. like right at the front if you wanted to go take a peek. Okay, >> but I'll let her know. >> Okay, thanks. Tell her dad says hi. [laughter] >> She's on a break. Okay. Oh, mom says hi. Sorry, I saw I saw Don instead of Donna. Mom says hi. >> All right. Well, let's go. Let's go do Mexico. That's a lot of Emily's. >> Sorry, Donna. >> I didn't read enough of the name. I saw Dawn. Oh. Oh, Darren. >> Oh, was Darren and Donna. Oh, both of you. Okay, you're both in here. All right. I don't feel so bad now. I'm not going crazy. >> Well, at least not for that reason. Man, it's a perfect night. All right, let's go ride something. It's kind of a different kind of stream tonight. Just chilling. >> Sometimes it's fun just to walk around Epcot. Like I don't know. >> And I keep hearing from people like there sometimes their favorite parts of the streams is walking around the parks and chatting. Like obviously rides. Everybody likes rides. Everybody likes fireworks. But yeah, I'm excited to do Frozen. Let's do it. Let's Let's not be the same every time. Let's Let's do something different. Let's say >> I mean next time we come to Epcot we'll watch Luminous. So if anybody obviously you can watch any of our other streams to see it. We have streamed it. I don't know about hundreds of times but we've streamed it tens of times tens of times. Donna dock. That would be fun. It is pretty peaceful. Ah, CNC Music Factory. That's fun. Everybody danced now. >> I heard that for the first time on a school bus. Our school bus driver was so cool. His name was Rick. I think somebody said he passed away, but he he put his own like the buses all had radios, right? But he put his own speakers on the bus so we could have good sound. Even had a tape player in it, which was deluxe for a bus at the time. Um, so yeah, [snorts] that was a great great great that was a great uh it's just a fun time. Anyway, the first time I was on the bus with him, I heard that everybody dance now and I thought it was Oh no. And then I heard also Never Going to Get It. I think that was the other song they had. And I thought it was like I thought the song was like the way they announced it, it was kind of like a joke or something. I was like, "This is kind of strange." But then after a while, I was like, "Wait, this is a real song." But I loved it. Would love a Guardians ending. Oo, I like that idea. >> Okay, now I I've said this before, I'll say it again. To me, Guardians is tranquil because I just love the smoothness of it. It is a really, really smooth, just fun and chill ride. And I just Yeah. So, Guardians to me is Tranquil Tuesday. So, a lot of people don't know that, but or a lot of people I don't know, maybe a lot of people know that. A lot of people may not agree with that, but that's my take. >> Yes, we've streamed it dozens dozens of times. That's better. >> Trow trellis. I got to say, seeing TR trellis doesn't make me hungry. It makes me think of dirt [laughter] cuz, you know, when I had used a TR and helped mom and dad garden, it was fun, but it didn't. The dirt didn't necessarily make me hungry. It's my favorite coaster as smooth as can be. It really is. Really is. So, by the way, I screwed up at Mega Con. I didn't mean I didn't intend to go back for a second day, but I didn't get the reservation correctly for Peter Cullen, the meet and greet, and I promised Liam that we would um that we would [music] meet Peter Cullen. Well, by the time I looked at the app that day, I already tried to reserve it and it wouldn't let me. So, I thought, "Oh, maybe you just have to wait till the day of." Well, no, that wasn't it because then it was already gone. So, I had to go back on Sunday, which is fine cuz we had a great time, but um it just meant that we we got to enjoy more of the more of the Mega Con and uh what was the other thing I was going to say? Oh, they were so nice when I came when I went back to get my ticket and I was going to buy another ticket for Liam while we were there and she was like, "How old is he?" I was like, "Nine." She's like, "Go ahead." I was like, "Really?" Like yeah, like she totally just let Liam go the second day for free. So that was pretty nice. >> I don't know. It looks pretty crowded down there. What's the chance of getting a 4K or 8K of one of the songs of Spaceship Earth? One of the songs ride through doesn't let me know. 4K for sure. [music] This phone does 8K, but 8K video is not very good in low light. That's what I was. Yeah, Carbo Box, you were saying the same thing I was. I was like, "Wait, a 4K song." I Yeah, I think he means a ride through video. >> Thank you so much for taking us to Epcot. For sure. For sure, Jilly. Let's do Frozen tonight. Okay. So, maybe next time we do Guardians and then after that we can do Luminous. the show they do on the Oh, okay. Um, I have a couple of those actually. I don't know if I have four I have a couple 4Ks of some of those. Um, and I filmed some I haven't posted yet, so stay tuned on that. Yeah, I have some 4Ks on those. Okay, the Beacon shows. That makes sense now. >> Well, Guardians of Tranquil Mexico is going to put you to sleep. Ah, sweet, buddy. You're funny. Yes, a very big storage eater. Yeah, the phone would have to be empty when I got onto it. Fill up my NAS. But actually, luckily, the Beacon Show isn't very uh long, so it would be a little bit better that way. Uh, okay. I think we have to go this way. There you go. Ron's got the uh Spaceship Earth emojis. Let me turn down the bit rate a little bit. >> Please hold me this way because we're I'm going to wait for the turbo. I'm sorry. >> You're fine. Sorry. >> Hi. >> Yes. One. >> Okay. Thank you. back. And if you have children with you, please watch them. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Welcome. I am I am and this is I don't know. Let's go. [music] This way. [music] >> [music] [music] >> But I know that you're an angel. [music] Yeah. Heat. [music] Attention [music] passengers. We're currently experiencing some technical difficulties. Please remain seated with your hands, arms, legs, and feet in sight until a cast [clears throat] member arrives to assist you. Here's That's what Attention passengers. We're currently experiencing some technical difficulties. Please remain seated with your hands, arms, legs, and feet inside until the cast member arrives to assist you. Please come It's really Attention visitors, please remain seated. Please this ride will be powered down and power up in our boat immediately. Please stand clear. Thank you. Will it remain? right motion will resume immediately. >> [music] >> It's time. [music] [music] It's so tight. >> [music] >> Ha! Now we got to meet [music] you. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] >> [music] [music] [music] >> together [music] to play as we go. I can't find it. [music] Cavalier drinking cavalier. They say [music] we amigos. No matter where he goes, they want you to go. We always together [music] to guide us [music] because he desire to play. [music] We unreasonable. We have it. I can say [music] [music] no. They want you together. [music] We We desire. [music] [music] [music] No matter where he goes, they want you. [music] [music] It worse. See you again. Hey, catch us on tour. You are a terrific audience. [music] See you next time. >> Goodbye. >> Hey, amigos. Thanks for coming to Mexico. Come again soon. We'll be waiting for you. [music] >> Come again. See you next time. We'll be watching for you. Catch us on tour. Mexico. Hooray. [music] >> Goodbye. >> Come again. See you next time. >> And next time, please stay on the Okay. Mexico. Thanks for coming to Mexico and come again soon. Be waiting for you, amigos. Goodbye. >> Thanks for coming to the show. [music] We have >> get us on tour. >> We'll be watching for you. Mexico your belongings. Exit to the right. >> See you again. >> See you next time. >> Remember to stay seated until the post reaches the do your belongings and exit to the right. Remember to stay seated till the boat reaches the dock. Then gather your belongings >> and exit to the right. >> Have a nice day. >> Remember to stay seated until the boat reaches the dock. Then gather your belongings and exit to the right. Remember to stay safe. United. >> Thank you. All right. So, that was awesome. I have my own boat. >> Yeah, I was the only one on my boat. >> The only problem was all the bumps since there were so many boats backed up behind us. Every time we stopped, like bump bump bump bump bump. I was like, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. [laughter] Yeah, I'll definitely clip that out. That was pretty crazy. I was hoping we'd get through the whole thing without music just cuz it was different, but they got it back going. It was weird floating with no um no forward motion. Actually, we stopped for a second when they started the jets up against we were just caught in the wrong spot. But, um, so if somebody's wondering, they thought they stopped the rides during those types of situations. So, they actually did. The jets, the water jets stopped, but um, because you're a boat, there's no hard break. There's no hard braking on a boat, obviously. It just keeps floating. It slowed down like you guys noticed, but yeah, when you're on a boat, it stops until it hits something or it keeps going until it hits something. So [music] either way was pretty interesting for sure. >> Guardians is very tranquil. It's the smoothest roller coaster I've been on. Awesome. So yeah, either way that was pretty awesome. I just um the the bumping was a little was a little extreme, but other than that it was fine. I let you coast to make it tranquil. Yeah, maybe it was fun. Oh, let me turn up the quality to something decent. There we go. Okay, that should look better now. >> Ordering a shot of the bar. Now he's in front of us. >> Hey, prop patriot. Almost 2,700 people in here. Share us out. Let's get Let's get all a whole crowd of people watching. We love it. We love it. >> Hi, Noel. Hi, David. Hi, Karen. So yeah, we're always up for new experiences and things. Popping in for a quick like bott. Hello. Hey Dtopia. Back to errands and ninja mode. Thanks for popping in or hopping in, I should say, cuz we're resort hoppers. That's our if you don't know, we don't talk about that a lot anymore, but that is our uh that's what we call our viewers. So all right, Chris says, "Hope to meet you." Yeah, for sure. That'd be great. Always great to meet everybody. >> Always great. >> Jilly says it's not tranquil to me. Yeah. I mean, you can see it both ways. I just like the smoothness of it, but you said you still like it. Well, that's good. Everybody's different. We got wedding. >> So cool. Oh, and wedding party. >> Party people. >> A different kind of party. All right. Hey, Carpio. Can new test track be considered tranquil? I think any ride could be considered tranquil. Also, we make the rules, so we can do whatever we want. So, if you guys want to do a thing, we just do the thing. How do you get >> the original idea of this stream was like just I needed a break between [music] you know on Tuesdays I needed a break from you know from the week and uh you know I do like obviously I do have an awesome job but sometimes you just need a break from your week. >> How fun. It's Molly. Now you put a hand that That's why >> it's not too bad busy over there. >> Let's see. >> We just moved around the wrong way. >> Oh, yeah. Oh my god. >> This is where the breeze is coming from. It is looking like >> how crazy >> the uh >> it still keeps looking like rain, but it hasn't happened. So, I'm glad >> it's the next ride. Well, let's go over into Future World and let's get let's get the next ride going. >> Yeah, let's go. I know. We can ride whatever we want. >> Communicore Hall. Oh, yeah. I haven't. I think the flowers light up when it's dark. I haven't been in Communic Hall, actually. I don't think. Good night, adulting calls. Good luck in your adulting endeavors. Let's go over here and show the quilt. I didn't learn at first that that was what it was called, but it is pretty cool. That's a cool name for it. >> Can I request Figma? We'll see. Is it cold? Not really. It's just It just cooled down a lot. How about Horizons? Yeah. Wouldn't we love that? That is awesome. Looks so great. Okay. So, >> no. >> Yeah. Now, I'll ride Frozen uh after after we do all this stuff. Let's go down here and ride a couple things. There's Phineas [music] and Ferb. Listen to the stream while I walk through my neighborhood. While I walk in my neighborhood, pretending I'm there, too. I love that. Here, let's go say hi to Figment. I love that. [music] [music] Oh, that's another great song. There's Figment. There he [music] is. >> Probably best to wait for Luminous to start and ditch it for a short frozen [music] ride. Yeah. Yep. That's the That's the plan. Cardboard box. That's the plan. [music] They got like a whole there's a whole '90s vibe going on here. How fun. Anybody remember that song? All right, I can at least dig this DJ. He's He's got my vote. He's a good guy. >> He's playing a song I've actually heard before, so that's nice. >> Oh, hey. How are you? >> I watch your program here. My daughter and my wife does. >> Oh, thank you. I appreciate that. >> What's your name? >> Danny. >> Danny. Nice to meet you. >> I teach school also. >> Oh, what [music] do you teach? >> I teach middle school. Uh, 8th grade world history. >> Okay. What What's um where are you from? >> Alabama. >> Okay. >> Yeah. There's my daughter right there. >> Nice to meet you. >> So, you guys are from Alabama. Oh, that's cool. You down here for a week or >> No, actually we're leaving tomorrow. It's just a quick trip. [music] >> Quick little trip. Okay. >> Yeah, we've been here for a couple times, but we just did a quick trip. >> Oh, that's good. >> Kind of impro [music] too. >> Yeah, for sure. >> Having fun? >> Yes. >> Awesome. >> We We see you and Gina and everything and Gina and so we uh and so we wanted to catch up with you. [music] >> I'm glad you did. >> Say hi. >> That's awesome. >> Yeah. Can I send a shout out? >> Oh, sure. >> Okay. This is to my son Ryan, my daughter-in-law Megan, [music] and my grandkids El and Finn. And also my kids back at school. >> There you go. >> Now, what what what grade did you say you taught? You teach? >> Eighth [music] grade history. >> Eighth grade history. Okay. Shout out to eighth grade class. >> Yeah. And you're a music teacher, right? >> Yes, sir. >> Yeah. So, yeah. >> High school music. Yeah. >> Yeah. I'm retiring this year. >> Well, congratulations. >> How many years? Uh, this will be 23, but I've got five years in two different Christian schools. >> Got it. Well, [music] I mean, that counts, too. So, [laughter] >> absolutely. That's awesome. This is 23 for me. >> We watch y'all all the time. The uh Monday. What's the the magical [music] Mondays? >> Yes. That's Jenna. >> See y'all on Friday. See y'all. See you like on Tuesday. >> Oh, nice. >> Yeah. Saturday. I don't want to take >> No, you're good. Nice to meet you both. >> [music] >> All right, we're celebrating good times. >> I am. Yeah. >> I'm Faith. I'm visiting and I just wanted to come say hi and say thank you. My family watches your stream a lot. [music] I think they're watching us. >> Do you want to say hi to them? >> Would that be okay? >> Yeah. This is Faith, everybody. >> Hi, Cara. Miss you guys. They're back in Massachusetts. >> That's amazing. >> Don't Don't tell them. Don't tell them. [laughter] >> Sorry. I'm getting so hard. But anyways, it was really nice to meet you. >> Nice to meet you as well. Thanks for watching. >> Thanks for streaming. >> Oh, you're very welcome. Enjoy your trip. >> Thank you. >> All right, let's see here. I've been a Christian school history teacher for 24 years. How fun. How fun. Well, congratulations to you, too. This is year 23 for me, so I know I know how long you've been doing it. >> Okay, let's um Let's wander [music] this direction. >> Celebrating good times. Living the dream. That's right. Yeah. I haven't even been in here since they changed it over for the flowering garden. So, let's go in the Communicore Hall. Have a ball in Communicore Hall. Now, it's not [music] dark yet. So, sunlight to starright. Oh, cool. Okay. Okay, we'll have to come back then when it's dark. [music] All right, here I'm going to have to turn on the uh Wi-Fi. [music] Give me a second. It might uh it might [music] blip for a second. And there it is. We're back. Wow, that's nice. Very nice. >> Hi. How are you guys? >> Hi. >> Long time no see. >> Yeah, it's good to see you. >> We saw Jenna yesterday and as soon as I saw you in the park today, I had to come over and say hi. Oh, >> of course. >> Nice to see you, boy. Right. Y Okay. See, I remember. >> Something takes me like two seconds. Like, I got it. [laughter] >> That's so awesome. It's good to see you guys. We don't. >> We do, but remember things. >> I try. >> Well, >> especially people I've seen more than once usually. And sometimes my brain and I feel bad. I'm like, "No, I'm sorry." But it's good to see you guys. >> You know, I do many, many, many times. >> Yes. >> Well, here's the first time. >> Oh, yeah. >> 2018. Uh, that was June 15th, 2018. >> Wow. >> Yeah. >> That's old old uh spaceship Earth there. Can I show it on the screen? How fun. >> That's cool. So, [music] oh, and it there it goes. This phone has a really cool feature where it automatically switches to the wide lens and it it focuses in. You got it, too. So, yeah. You >> I got mine 2 days after you got yours and the second I saw you do the live stream with the low light, I was like, >> "Thank you. Finally, we got a phone that actually does low light." Well, >> yeah. They hadn't really been doing much with it. And still the sensor is the same, but they fixed the aperture, so now we can do better. Hopefully, next time we get a better uh sensor, too. >> Yeah. Knocking wood. >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. >> We I have a really nice picture with D the other day. >> How do you want to do it? >> Let me get up. >> You want to get up? Okay, it's up to you. I can stand right next to you. Either way, >> we couldn't for him. >> Don't don't fold. Don't we don't want that. [laughter] >> Thank you, Josh. >> Of course. And again, the camera fix [music] even fixed the uh the picture lighting. >> Oh, how cool. That is so cool. Look at that. >> Focus. There it goes. That is so good. Wow. >> Thank you for talking to us. >> Of course. Always. >> Always. I love your Winnie the Poo, by the way. That is so cool. >> Yeah. [music] He's been directing traffic all day. >> I love it. This way. That way. This way. That way. Well, it's nice to see you guys again. >> You too. Give mom and dad my love. always. >> Bye, guys. Enjoy your trip. >> You, too. >> All right. So, is everything is everything working? Hopefully everything's working. It's very calm in here. I like it. It's very peaceful. There's Spike the bee. Track guardians are [music] the best. I do like both of those. Okay. >> [music] >> Most we've had watching on a Tranquil Tuesday for a long time. [music] It'll be interesting. We'll come back here in just a second. The [music] Casper slides going on there. We'll come back here in just a second and uh or in just a little while [music] and see if it's different when it's dark. Oh, the flowers are opening and closing, too. They're animatronic flowers. [music] Look at that. I mean, they're real. Hey Tanina, thanks for sharing this lovely evening. This relaxing me before I get ready [music] for bed. The blooming flower was cool with the front. Yeah, for sure. If you don't have any sound, that means you need to close and reopen the video always. That's how you fix [music] it every single time. Of course, if you can't have any sound, then you can't hear me say that. >> [music] >> All right, let me let me switch one more connection here and then we'll go do uh maybe we'll go do Living at the Land. All right, be right back. [music] There we go. Oh, here comes this. Look at this flower. Wow. Love it. Anytime you have any problem with sound, just close and reopen the video every [music] time. >> Pretty sunset over there. >> [music] [clears throat] >> Yep, it happens again with the sound cuz I paused the video. Anytime I pause, just depending on your device, it might have an issue. You might want to try and update your YouTube app. Sometimes that helps, too. But yeah, close and reopen. Yeah, there's a buffering cuz I I stopped the stream on purpose to change connections. So, >> you guys are all good. Don't worry. [music] >> You got the nephews over here and the old school land music. And then Donald over here. >> [music] >> new version of iOS. Yeah, I haven't updated for a long time. I need to update [music] Yeah, [music] a shot of Donald Spac. Yeah, it is a good shot. I should have gotten a thumbnail picture with it. Maybe later. That is a very good picture. >> Do I have a recommendation moving down to Florida now? We did. We should talk about that though. Thank you for the reminder. Uh resort tv1homes.com. If you want to move down here to Central Florida, just uh check out our website. It's at resorttv1homes.com. Again, resorttv1homes.com. Check them out. Resorttv1homes.com. Click on contact us. We just had a house close yesterday, I think. So, >> yeah. Resorttv1homes.com. >> Pretty awesome. Very thankful to be able to help you guys find your houses. Don't tempt us. We move and work from Disney. Hey, come on down. >> So cool. Let's walk around in here just a little bit. Kids behind me were quite active and I just don't want them to be behind us on the ride. that might not be tranquil. Even though I love kids, you know, I'd love the ride to be tranquil for you, too. So, >> nothing beeping. My son is working seasons for Disney College Program. He's a lifeguard at Wilderness Lodge. Nice. Love that. Kids are too active in the vocal cords. Yeah. Sometimes. Sometimes. >> All right. Yes. [music] It used to be a huge food court and used to be the balloons used to move. It's still a food court. It just looks different than it used to. >> Was nice to have my own boat on Grand Fiesta. >> The second line for me right down the center. >> Are you sure? >> [music] >> I found somebody. >> Um, just one. Can I wait for the front row? Would that be okay? >> Of course. >> I can move over after this. >> Okay, cool. If you need me to move over, let me know. >> Okay. Yeah. If you want to just stand for your [music] safety, remain seated. superintendis. [music] >> Thank you everybody. Yeah. 2700 plus one. [music] Please remain behind the yellow line until the first stop. Welcome to Living with the Man. As you board the boat, please lower your head and watch your step. For your safety, remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat at all times. Parents, please supervise your children and refrain from flash photography or using video lights until we reach 50. Thank you. Now, sit back, relax, and enjoy living with the land. Flash. [music] [music] Welcome to a voyage of discovery and awareness of the riches of the universal and often surprising nature of living with the land. Our journey begins as dramatic and sudden changes are sweeping over the land. The approaching storm may seem violent and destructive to us, but to nature it's a new beginning in the cycle of life. Heat. Heat. Beneath the surface of the land, roots trap water from the flowing mud, extracting precious nutrients and minerals. These elements, when combined with sunlight, create the diverse living systems of our planet. One of those living systems is the rainforest. Home to the most amazing concentration of life on our planet. These dense forests cover only surface but they contain more than half. Rainforest are also extremely rich in our living system providing us with oxygen medicine and other >> in the desert. Nature has created a very different but no less beautiful living system. And while this aid landscape may seem lifeless, it is very much alive. The plants and animals that have learned to survive in these harsh conditions make use of what little water they can find and avoid the scorching rays of the relentless sun. The American prairie once appeared as desolate as the desert. But over time, rainwater and nutrients gradually penetrated the hard surface of this land. Even the hooves of the mighty buffalo helped create the rich soil and would one day become home to the American farm. Of all the forces at work on the land, humans have had one of the most profound effects. The need to produce food for a growing world led to the enormous use and sometimes [music] overuse of the land. In our search for more efficient ways to grow food, we often failed to realize the impact of our methods. [music] Today, [music] we're learning to live with the land, discovering better ways to grow food that will assure both human and environmental well-being. >> In regions, we're learning to [music] produce seust by developing and planting crops that thrive on salt water. [music] In Japan, we're learning that by mixing leaves and other living materials into our soil, we can make farmland more fertile without the need for chemicals. >> I want the one. >> Here at Epcot, we're learning to reduce the need for chemical pesticides by breeding and using like ladybugs and wasps to control pest. In the farmlands across America, we're learning that by plowing under vegetation containing natural fertilizers, we can enrich the soil without the use of chemicals. How will we meet tomorrow's growing needs for food production yet still respect the needs of the land? Some of the answers are being discovered just ahead. To help us maintain these carefully controlled ecosystems and for your safety, please remain seated in your boat at all times. Hello. Welcome to our living laboratory where scientists from Epcot and the US Department of Agriculture are exploring innovative ways to produce bountiful harvests now and into the future. The tropics are home to the greatest diversity of plants on the planet. Many of these like papaya, bananas, cacao, coffee, and rice are well known around the world. These are just a few of the edible plants that have been an important source of nutrition for people living in the tropics. Many are rich in vitamins and minerals, while others are well adapted to growing in less than ideal conditions. Some, like the watermelon, thrive in wet, swampy areas and waterways. All parts of this plant, even the flower petals, are edible. The starchy root of the plant has long been used to make flour for baking. >> One day, many of these lesserknown tropical plants may be as important as the bananas growing on both sides of the boat. More than 28 million tons of bananas are eaten annually, making it the most popular fruit in the world. When we mention farming, you probably don't think of fish. But fish farming or aquaculture accounts for nearly half of all the seafood consumed globally. Tilapia, bass, and catfish like the ones you see here are three of the more popular crops raised by fish farmers. The sustainable system we're using here recycles the water in the tanks. As a result, we're able to save millions of gallons each year. Our small fish market produces nearly 5,000 lbs of fish each year to serve in restaurants around Walt Disney World. Innovations like this one can play an important role in our efforts to produce valuable harvests and still protect natural resources. Look. >> While there are more than 50,000 edible plant species in the world, most of us are only familiar with the handful that make up our everyday diet. The common grains growing here, wheat, mazize, sorghum, and millet, plus rice, account for nearly 2/3 of our global food consumption. Learning how to increase yields of these stables is an important goal of research around the world. These plants are definitely on their way up. Innovative growing techniques like these increase yields while more efficiently using resources like water, fertilizer, and pesticides. Another innovation at work here is our integrated pest management program. By populating our green houses with beneficial insects that prey on harmful pests like aphids and flies, we are significantly reducing our reliance on conventional pesticides. We're growing these crops using our nutrient film system. This technique precisely controls and recycles water and nutrients. With it, we can produce over 27,000 heads of lettuce a year in this one small area. You take it to your house. >> In your house. Some of our best ideas have been inspired by nature. Like these fruit and vegetable trees. By growing these ground plants vertically, we can increase yields and better control diseases. These crops taste as good as they look. In fact, we serve more than 15 tons of produce from our green houses and restaurants here at the land every year. fish. It's another way of numberated. The goal of these efforts is to increase. >> The future of agriculture may include innovative ideas like this vertical growing system. Plants grown in this way use a fraction of the space required by traditional growing methods that saves water and increases production. The aquaponic system on your left combines hydroponics with aquaculture. The fish provide a natural source of fertilizer for the plants and the plants help keep the water clean for the fish. It's another great way to produce more while using less. In our lab, Epcot scientists are working with the US Department of Agriculture on a number of innovative projects. The goal of these efforts is to produce higher yielding and better quality plants. Yeah. So, >> scientists, farmers, and even backyard gardeners are doing their part to improve the quantity and quality of foods that we all rely upon. Together, we can continue to find more ways to increase food production and protect our precious natural environment. Only then will we truly be living with the land. On behalf of Walt Disney World, we hope you've enjoyed this unique journey through our laboratories. We like a closer look [music] to check out behind the scenes walking tour. [music] These green houses represent just a fraction of the work being done worldwide to produce a bountiful harvest for our growing population. >> [music] >> Scientists, farmers, and even backyard gardeners are doing their part to improve the quantity and quality of foods [music] that we all rely upon. Together, we can continue to find more ways to increase food production and protect our [music] precious natural environment. Only then will we truly be living with the land. [music] >> [music] >> On behalf of Walt Disney World, we hope you've enjoyed this unique journey through [music] our living laboratories. If you'd like a closer look, then check out the behind the scenes walking tour. It's [music] a chance for the whole family to get up close and personal with the plants and growing techniques in our laboratories. [music] Please keep your hands and feet inside the boat and remain seated until [music] the boat comes to a complete stop. Look at that. [music] Please gather all your personal belongings. Lower your head and watch your steps as you enter. >> All right. [music] It's pretty awesome. I'm trying to throw salad on a boat. Yes. Yes, it is. So tranquil. All right. Let's see. I think we're going to go. We'll do Sora next time. It's a little bit longer right now it looks like. >> Let's see. >> Facial birth still down. Oh, >> yeah. Sora's 50 right now. Bishop Earth is 10. It's open. Good. Might be able to go do that. Uh, let's see. Yeah, let's go do it. Let's go do Spaceship Earth. Although, I think I will stop That won't be fun. >> Let's go do spaceship first. >> Yeah, we don't know why Spaceship Bird didn't open the other day. I mean, I must been having some kind of a technical difficulties with it. We don't really know why. And it was closed a couple times today, too. >> So, I don't know. Don't know why I didn't come. >> Wrong song. >> Okay. or are you able to get any signal inside the mini museum? Um, not very well. No, not very well. Countdown until blastoff. Yeah. When uh Artemis is is launching at some point in the next week or two, did they announce a date or is it just a launch window is open now? That's going to be super cool. They got a lot of cool stuff planned for that one. Oh, wow. Spaceship Bird looks amazing. It's working. Let's get Donald and Spaceship [music] Earth together. How about that? >> Let's see. I was like, Nice. >> Yes. I also like the pavilions with multiple attractions inside. >> April 1st, 624. Nice. Love [music] that. Maybe a light bulb was out. Yeah, could be. Yeah, but possibly >> I was excited to see Spaceship Earth on your new phone. The dark rides look so good on it. Nice. >> I'm glad. And we're in 1440p tonight, so a little higher quality than normal. Let's see. [music] Let's turn this down so we could have a little better shot. Okay, there we go. Spaceship Earth Birth was kind of blown out. [music] Video quality is amazing as always. Thanks, Disney Adventures with Craig. I remember we had to stream at uh um 360p. Now we're at 1440. It's a big difference. >> Big big difference. Lots more pixels. [music] >> How does phase how does spaceship birth compare to horizons? um similar in a lot of ways. The the older version of Spaceship Earth was more similar to Horizons. The Johnny Iron's version, that one uh was really good where they would they had the little uh phone calls at the end showing how AT&amp;T could connect people. That was pretty good. >> Try and ride Tron. Yeah, we're in the wrong park for that though. I don't like it. I got [music] >> [music] [music] >> coming 16th July from UK. Nice. Have fun. We're staying at All-Star Movies. Have fun. Yeah, Horizon's it was very like very um hopeful for the future. I think that's the best way to describe it. um about people being connected, showing a family. It was a reason why it was called, it was, you know, unofficially called Carousel of Progress [music] 2 because it was really following this family through, you know, literally all the new wonders. >> Awesome. [music] >> [music] >> How do I convince my wife to go to [music] Walt Disney World twice a year instead of once? >> I don't know. You got to get her interested in something that she wants [music] to go to as much as you do. That's hard. [music] I used to get my wife to go more because she, you know, there was the had the best Starbucks [music] or something, but now that's, you know, it's just a Starbucks. Sorry, I'm going to get a [music] picture. >> That's better. All right, moving on. [music] >> I have a beautiful Ryzen poster framed on my wall. That's awesome. [music] Framed on my wall. I can't talk. a little line, but it's not bad. My best resort, uh, I like Polynesian, but, you know, it was better with the fountain. So, there's a lot of resorts I really like. I do enjoy Key West. That's a good one. Um, Portan's Riverside is another [music] fun one. So, yeah. Woo! It's breezy under here. Lots of great lots of great rides. Oh, lots of great resorts, I should say. Hopefully this keeps moving. April 1st, Artemis 2 is scheduled. An hour later is a launch by Space X. Wow. Yeah, I got the new I got the new phone. Yes, I do. It's breezy. >> Look at the lights under the wall. >> Little daddy's ham. >> Can you find mer Disney merch if you're not in a park? Yeah, you can. I mean, you can find it in the resorts. You can find it at Disney Springs, even some Disney stores, the outlets, the premium outlets where they have Disney stuff there. Obviously, you can find kind of knockoff Disney stuff at a lot of lot of souvenir shops around the area. Some of it's official, some of it's not, but the park stuff is mostly going to be at the parks, resorts, and Disney Springs [music] >> and sorry, and online. Oh, we're about to have a show. >> What's going on? >> I have to let Can't hear what short it is. Oh well, too loud. Oh, we did get a super chat. Let me see that real quick. Uh, inedible fairy two pounds. Thanks for a great stream, Epcot. Looks beautiful. Thank you so much. All right. So, thank you so very much. >> An edible fairy. Thank you. >> We're working on getting a change right now. Have a good one, guys. >> Yeah, it might be a few minutes, but we'll get through it. >> [music] >> Oh, it's Colors of the Wind. Okay, I just I got it now. [music] >> Hey, TTA Amy. Christmas is the busiest, so if you go rid of long lines. Yep, for sure. making a trip in June when our granddaughter comes to visit. Then I'll activate my annual pass. Nice, Laura. That's awesome. Okay, Laura. >> See, in November, sometimes it's warm enough to swim. Sometimes it's not. It's very, very hit or miss on the weather in November, December, January. It can be warm. It can also be quite cold. Uh so, you just have to plan for anything. Uh it's really luck of the draw. And you could have one day that's 80°, hi, and you could have one day that's uh [music] 30. It's very up and down. >> Yeah. Wow. Thank you so much everybody for joining us tonight. It's been [music] a wonderful wonderful stream. And we're going to end here in a little bit with uh with Frozen. [music] My first time seeing all the new animatronics. So that'll be super super fun. Can't wait to see it. This one like fireworks. You're >> no Cal in September. Can't wait to be close to the magic. Awesome. >> Sorry. talking about how he didn't get that part. All right, I guess that kid was a pilot. >> Hey Tracy, I'm glad you're enjoying this train. >> And we're not. We're all >> We're getting close. While we're waiting, let's talk about another awesome sponsor of David's DVC Rentals. That's dbcrequest.com/tv. Again, that's dbcrequest.com/tv. David's DBC Rentals. >> If you want to rent a DBC room at a fraction of the cost, David's DBC Rentals is the best way to do it because you can uh try it. Basically, try before you buy. Like, you don't have to have a contract or anything. You can just go on their website, find what you need, and uh book your stay. Man, that wind is crazy cold right now. 72, but the wind is crazy. Anyway, go check it out. Davis DVC rentals, dbcrequest.com/tv. That's like I said, you can you can rent a DVC room even if you're not a member. Or if you are a member and you're just like out of points or don't want to use points, you're saving them for something else. so many things you can do. But either way, >> it uh works really well. >> There's DBC rentals on dbcrequest.com/tv. Again, dbcrequest.com. >> Oh, is another show? Not quite. I know. It's always a wind tunnel under Spaceship Earth. Always, always, always. [laughter] >> How often do you go to Disney World? A couple times a week. >> Stay tuned. You never know. Remember, >> people All right, let me switch the connection really quick. I'm just going to pause it very quickly. It might um make your sound go bad for a second. If it does, just close and reopen the video again. If you have any sound issues ever on the stream, just close the video and open it again. You might get them right after this. So, I'll be right back. Yep. >> And back. We've always used DBC Realms for I think I'll try David's. Yeah, they're amazing. I mean, they've been a great a great partner for us, but they're also just great to work with. So, definitely definitely check it out. was a little nervous the other night. >> Uh, just one Very good. >> I may turn the Got to turn the bit rate down just a little bit cuz it's a >> The only thing about this ride, it's a little bit of a rough signal. Me and my daughter met you at Epcot last month. We are from Brazil. Oh, that's awesome. Glad to meet you. for your safety. The sliding doors on your time machine are closed automatically. For your safety, remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the vehicle and please watch your children here. Watching it. The side door will close automatically. For your safety, remain seated with your hands, arms, [music] feet, and legs inside. And please watch your children. >> Hey, Isaac. All right, enjoy the ride everybody. [music] The slide door is being closed by safety hall. Remain seated speed index need [music] and be stopped momentarily. For your safety, remain seated at all times. During your slow moving [music] journey, your time machine will slowly rotate backward and stop. Our time travel momentarily delayed at all times. Please remain seated during your slow time machine and stop remain seated at all times. >> During your slow moving journey, your time speakers [music] are arguing with each other and may stop momentarily. For your safety, remain seated at all times. During your slow moving journey, your time machine [music] will slowly rotate backward and may stop momentarily. For your safety, remain seated [music] at all times. During your slowm moving journey, your time machine will [music] slowly rotate backward and may stop momentarily. For your safety, remain seated [music] at all times. During your slow moving journey, your time machine will slowly rotate backward and may stop momentarily. For your safety, remain [music] seated at all times. During your slowmoving journey, your time machine will slowly rotate backwards and may stop [music] momentarily. For your safety, remain seated at all times. During your slowmoving journey, your time machine will slowly rotate backward [music] and may stop momentarily. For your safety, remain seated at all times. During your slow time travel, your time machine will slowly rotate back. Please remain stop momentarily. Your time machine will begin at any time. During [music] your slow moving journey, your time machine will slowly rotate backward and may stop momentarily. >> For your safety, remain seated at all [music] times. >> During your slow moving journey, your time machine will slowly rotate backward and may stop momentarily. For your safety, remain seated. This is [music] station birth control. Welcome aboard on the map in front of you. Please show us where you're from while we deploy your time travel. [music] [music] [music] [music] Now locate the monitor overhead to the right. Make sure your face is clearly visible and wait for the flash. [music] Good. Sending photos in the future. All systems are go to your guide. [music] Like a grand [music] space, our plan is to for a brief moment among its presence. Here we go. And what kind of future will we discover? Surprisingly, the answer lies in our past. Since the dawn [music] of recorded history, we've been inventing the future one step at a time. So, let's travel back in time together. I'll show you how our ancestors created the world we know today. And then it will be your duty to create the world of Here in this host world is where our story begins. We are alone starting to survive until we learn to communicate with one another. Now we can hunt as a team and survive together. >> [music] [music] [music] >> Now, let's move ahead to Egypt because something [music] is about to happen here. to change the future. [music] [music] This unknown Egyptian pounding reads flag is inventing papyrus, a small paper. [music] Paparis in turn creates better record keeping for hands, designs and unfortunately. [music] But it also brings with it the dawn of great civilizations. At this point, each civilization has its own form of writing which none of the others can understand. But the clinician who trained with all of them. They present a simple common alphabet adaptable most languages. Remember how easy it was to learn your ABCs? Technicians. >> [music] >> The ancient Greeks were writing their sources. First they studied public schools and then living in something called mathematics. [music] And with math comes mechanical technology and the birth of the high tech we enjoy today. In lesson learned from the Greeks, the Romans created powerful empire. To move their armies around, they built a system [music] of roads all over the noble world. will be the first one. >> But then we hit a roadblock. Rome falls and the great library of Alexandria in Egypt is burned. Much of our learning is destroyed, lost forever. or soon. It turns out there are copies of some of these books in the libraries of the Middle East being watched over by Arab [music] and Jewish scholars. The first backup system, the books are saved, [music] and with them are dreams of the future. >> [music] [music] >> In the meantime, here in Europe, monks to endlessly calling [music] books by hand. But that is about to change. >> [music] >> In 1850, Goodenberg invents the movable type printing press. [music] Now knowledge can travel as fast as these new books and travel they do. [music] Books can invent the future and the result is an incredible explosion of innovation we call the Renaissance. [music] >> [music] >> Hallelujah. It seems just the beginning. Now, communication technology races head on into the future, and soon people all over the world are sharing life's most important moments faster than ever before. [music] >> [music] >> No, please. I'm sorry. Amelia today became the first woman to bring across the Atlantic. We saw the figure of the pretty smiling aliatrix climb aboard in her aeroplane yesterday in Newville. And today we received word that a million and their mates have landed it sound. Today, June 19th, 1928, will forever be known as the day that she by now from anywhere on Earth. And in 196 >> to send a man to the moon, we had to invent a new language spoken not by man but by computers. The first large expensive computers everyone could have one of the most amazing machines in their own house. There's just one problem. They're as big as a house. The solution comes from of all places a garage in California. Young people with a passion for shaping the future put the power of the computer in everyone's hands. Together we form a super network that glows with billions of interactions. [music] And once again, we stand on the brink of a new renaissance. [music] >> [music] >> Ladies and gentlemen, our time travel has been momentarily delayed. Please remain seated. Your time machine vehicle will begin moving again at any moment. Please remain seated. We'll resume our journey shortly. Thank you. >> [music] >> Stuck in the matrix. [music] [music] Hallelujah. [music] [music] Ladies and gentlemen, our time travels have been momentarily delayed. Please remain >> Please remain seated. Your vehicle will begin moving immediately. Remain seated, please. Our travels are resuming now. >> [music] [music] >> years of time. Here we are. A truly [music] global community. After 30,000 years of time travel, here we are. A truly global community poised to shape the future of this our spaceship person. [music] Attention. Your time machine is rotating. Return to Earth. In preparation for your return to Earth, your time machine is now rotating backward. Please remain seated. Attention. [music] You are now rotating backward for your return to Earth. Please remain seated. [music] Time travelers. Attention travelers. Please remain seated. Your time machine is rotating backward for your return. >> [music] >> for your delivery. [music] For the first time in history, all of us can have a say about the kind of world we want to live in. The choices we have made for the past 30,000 years have [music] been inventing the future one day at a time. And now it's your turn. [music] Let's have some fun creating the future, shall we? We'll show you a new world. [music] [music] >> Well done. Now, along with your answers, let's add in [music] some amazing new technology that we happen to know about. [music] Well done. Now along with our answers, let's add in some [music] amazing new technologies that we happen to know about. And now I believe your future is just about ready. Let's take a look, shall we? Is just about ready. Let's take a look, shall we? >> Welcome to the Welcome to the future. >> [music] >> or should I say your future. >> Here in your future, it'll be more fun. But even in a perfect world, accidents do happen. Fortunately, your entire medical history is with you at all times on a smart card. The best [music] surgeons in the world are always on call thanks to realtime video links and remote controlled instruments. [music] And while you relax at home with a cup of soup, technology feeds recovery time. In no time at all, you're back on your feet. Uh-oh. Fortunately, in the future, help is never far away. The end. or should I say the beginning of your future. [music] >> So, here's to the next 30,000 years on spaceship land. [music] While no one knows for sure what we'll see or do, I do know it will be quite an adventure. An adventure [music] that you'll take and make together. See you in the future. [music] >> [music] [music] [music] >> You see [music] the background? Welcome back, time travelers. Now, we invite you to visit Project Tomorrow, where new ideas and innovations are being developed to make the world a better place. Your vehicle doors will open automatically. Please keep your hands away from the doors and step carefully onto the moving platform. all the way down like this. >> All right. Sorry about all the lag at the bottom. It sometimes gets a little [music] grumpy in there. It's not great about signal inside there, but that's okay. All right. At least we can still do it. >> That was good. Well, let me get out of here and I can get some better signal. Sorry about the potato mode, but >> hopefully they put another booster or two in here eventually, but I'd love to be able to stream that ride in high quality, but that's all right. It's one of the last ones left that doesn't work. So, if Disney ever had some Wi-Fi in there, I would we would all appreciate it. They have Wi-Fi. They just don't have the guest Wi-Fi. They have the the corporate Wi-Fi, which obviously we can't get on to. >> Okay, there we [music] go. All right, time for Frozen. So glad I can chat with you guys. It's a great stream and pretty [music] pretty good. Noel, oh yeah, Necro, is that exit's son or husband? I don't remember. And Mara [music] was telling me that's cool. Well, hello whichever one you are. [music] So, yeah, we're going to go do Frozen. We don't have to run, but we're going to get there eventually, and then we'll ride my first time on Frozen. Can't wait. Do the restrooms on the far side of Imagination Pavilion still play the classic music loop? No, they don't. It switched not too long ago whenever they started playing the uh the um World Celebration loop. This this whole that whole the one that's playing here. Oh, no. Sorry. This is this is Colors of the Wind, but um it's the same central plaza loop as the rest of the uh rest of Future World now. Yeah, for a while it was one of those that hadn't been converted over. >> Probably accidentally, I don't know. And then finally they figured it out and converted it. I'm like, "No, it was just a fun little I don't know, man. Maybe somebody left it that way and just thought it was a fun little Easter egg, I guess. [music] I enjoy stuff like that [music] for sure. Old school music loops. I'm glad that I'm glad the same old school music loop still uh still plays in front of uh the land, which is which is super super nice. So, all right, let's head over to >> Let's see. Let's go this way. Here >> comes the Montreal. >> There it is. >> I know. I miss the original soundtracks, too. It's one of my >> my favorite things whenever they have an anniversary of Epcot and they play the original soundtrack. [music] The 1982 entrance music was literally my favorite. The best inventions was great, too. Uh Russell Brower, which I got who I got to meet at uh Retro Magic. But I got to say Epcot 82, the best music loop ever made at Disney. [music] If you haven't, it's on our channel. Just search for Epcot 1982 entrance music or entrance area music. So anyway, we'll see. All right. The look into your future was great and it was my grandson of mine as far as the ski accident. Oh, that's cool. He x-rayed my arm. That's fun. Only Josh would know what what what loop what pavilion [music] loop is playing outside a random restroom. Yes, I do have that kind of knowledge. [laughter] Actually, at one point, like somebody had asked me and I had to actually go back in there and see because as of a couple years ago, it was still the old loot playing in there and I would always enjoy if I was over in the area, and I'd always try and go in there if I could. It was just so satisfying. Sorry if someone has already brought this up to you, but I noticed the 24/7 the daylight daylight videos seem to be swapped. Yes, we fixed that. It's fixed now. Um, it was because I have a backup server that's on a 12-h hour loop and if I turn it on at a different time, it tends to not be at the right obviously not the right time. So, [sighs] so it should be fixed. Uh, let's see. Uh, let's see. Yep, it's fixed now. It's It's night time now on the stream. So, uh, but I fixed it so that it kind of I fixed it so that it resets every morning at 8:00 a.m. So, that should that should fix it. Um, it should reset to the daytime stream every morning at 8:00 a.m. So, even if it gets off, it should reset at 8. If I forget to do it. Yeah. So, all right. I'm going to take a quick restroom break and then we're going to go ready and get in line for Frozen. Cannot wait. It's going to be awesome. So stay tuned. You don't want to go anywhere. 2,700 people can't be wrong. All right. So I'm put you on BRB for just a second. >> And uh we'll uh enjoy seeing some of the awesome new animatronic faces and characters on >> Frozen. already said that I've already >> Hold on. >> There we go. >> I don't know where they are. >> All right. [music] All right. We'll be right back. Don't go anywhere. Stay tuned for Frozen. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] >> [music] [music] >> I don't think >> [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] >> Thank you. >> [music] [music] >> Yeah. [music] [music] [music] >> Oh my god. All right. Welcome back. >> Oh, Patrick, I'm glad you enjoy the the resort stream or the the relaxing stream. [music] Yep. They're both going to be there. And like I said, the day night will be fixed from now on. had a couple really rough nights or really rough days for internet. Um, and the backup server I use doesn't have a really way to like control day and night. >> You can play a playlist or you can like have it random shuffle. I asked the company about that and they didn't know if they had any plans to institute any timing on [music] the streams. But anyway, for right now, we're kind of stuck with what we got. So, we'll see. [music] All right. Well, we're going to go ride Frozen. Should be super awesome. >> All right. >> Who's ready for some frozen fun? >> Has anybody ridden it? Have you guys ridden it yourself yet? Anybody come and done it in person? >> Let me know. >> Good evening. In just 10 minutes, Epcot will proudly present, the symphony of us, a dazzling display of fireworks, stunning special effects, and sleeping original music. due to lower light levels during the show. Please watch your step and take small children by the hand. Get ready because tonight's performance of endless the symphony of us begins in just 10 minutes. [music] >> All right. So, [music] >> I do wish they changed some of this pre-show music and post show music [music] cuz it's it's okay. It's not the greatest, but it's also like super super copyrighted. So, that's how it goes. You get you get less good music and then you make it then then they copyright the heck out of it. Anyway, [music] this one is licensed by some really obscure German copyright company that nobody's ever heard of before, and they reject all the disputes, too. Anyway, all right, let's see how Frozen looks over here. [music] >> Oh, I meant to go back in the flower thing. I forgot. Oh, but Anna, Elsa's dress is is lit up. That's kind of cool. >> All right. >> Says 25. It'll be less than that. Let's just do it. >> Let's just jump in now. There's Oswald. You can't even see the time here. >> You still can't see it. >> There. Now you can >> Well, it should be good. It shouldn't be too long because uh once 9:00 hits, it'll be hardly any lightning lanes. >> Yeah. First time in forever. We're going on Frozen. Can't wait. I don't think I need to pass any fire. >> Jenna needs to do the Easter egg hunt challenge. Yeah. >> Backp back over the falls. Yes. Yes. All these Norwegian buildings are so nice. >> So after this I'm going to send you over to the 247 >> ride stream. I'm going to keep sending to that for a while till everybody [music] gets used to that one and then I'll send you over and then we'll kind of trade back and forth. We'll send you over to the uh >> to the uh relaxing stroll stream too. So either one of those are great. We appreciate you watching them. >> Maybe next time we'll end with a uh tranquil or not tranquil guardians ride. We'll see. >> I've not done this one too with this new [music] phone. It should look really great. There's a little bit of lag right at the end, but it should be okay. [music] Yay. All the This is the Galaxy S26 Ultra. >> I remember riding this and I the very first video I did of this was with the iPhone 6S and it had such terrible low light. Everything was very grainy. Looks so good on this one now. >> [music] >> Oh, don't forget to subscribe if you're new. If you're enjoying the stream, subscribe if you're new. >> We also have one other awesome sponsor I want to talk about. Well, a couple actually, but for now, we'll do one. Uh we've got Behind the Ride on Amazon. That's Behind the Ride on Amazon if you want to find out how all your favorite rides were created or Disney Demystified on Amazon, which is uh another book about how all of your your favorite rides were created, but it's got an audio book now. So, Disney Demystified on Amazon or Behind the Ride on Amazon. [music] Go check out both awesome books on Amazon. And again, subscribe if you're new and check out my small roll video from earlier. >> It's been a really cool one. >> I go to sleep. So, >> look how clear the buildings are back there in the back. And by the way, those are not just a background. Those are actually 3D. There's some background, but those are actually 3D buildings back there. Here, I'll zoom in a little bit. Go RTV1. One more light just added. Nice. You watch my video Spirit of Norway occasionally. Yeah. Such a great such a great video. Such a great show. That looks nice. Ry and Frozen are dear to my heart. Daughters as well. It's part of our heritage. Oh, I love it. I remember going on this. Liam was born just I don't know a week a week earlier or something like that. And um we ended up uh Steph was like Frozen just opened. Go ride it. She's like I'm like no no no I don't need to go until you're feeling a little better but her her aunt was there and she's like no my her cousin was there. She's like no my cousin's here. She's going to help me. You go like you've been working really hard this whole time since you've been born. You go enjoy the ride, get a video and uh come back. So I did. Yeah, the newest is the Small World in 4K 60. And this phone can do 4K 60 without being all uh without being all grainy and stuff. So, About 3 minutes. No more light. >> It's too bad that the the portal isn't open when you go back over the falls. Uh cuz that'd be cool to see if the fireworks were going and we were able to see the fireworks from that boat for a second from the back of the boat. Wouldn't that be cool? Did anybody ever do that? If you were riding the Norway ride, the old one where you could see out the back, you ever like look out the back and see like illuminations? That would have been awesome. Almost a month ago, mom and Jenna met Mom and Jennet Flower and Garden opening day. Oh, I'm good. I'm glad. So, um, so sweet. Send well wishes to mom. Yeah. Thank you. Here we go. >> This is such a neat queue. Such a good job with this. This is probably about where the old movie theater was, >> maybe. Remember the chairs in the movie theater here? They were with the spirit of Norway. They were so like strange. They were they it was nice to have a place to sit, but they were just a little different. >> That movie was great. There was such great music in it and it was just very epic with the a look at the Viking ships and everything. >> Of all the changes Epcot's made to their nighttime musicals, what's your favorite? Oh, I don't that's a good question. Epcot Forever is probably my favorite other than, you know, Illuminations and stuff. >> I like Luminous a lot, but Epcot Forever is near and dear to my heart. It's got all the all the old school music in it. >> All right, 9:00. So, it should be no more Lightning Wings after this. >> There's some kind of cool wooden chairs. Yep. Uh Liam's not 10 yet, but yeah, it was uh nine years ago. Well, it would have been 10 years ago this summer. That's when it was. It was summer of summer of 2016 when they opened this. Bill Cronin just logged in. Well, thank you for being here. Also, on my 247 ride stream, Illuminations is on if you want to watch it. Here, I'll show you [music] while we're waiting for the ride. Here we go. There you go. That's on the 247 ride channel here. 24/7 ride stream on the 24/7 channel. Hold on. There we go. >> [music] >> Anyway, it's not going to do it cuz it's too dark, but you get the point. It's like, no, I will not. So, the improvements to the or to the animatronic, apparently the faces are better, more realistic. [music] Mailrom was awesome, but the highlight was the film. Yeah, >> I can agree with that. I liked Mailrom, too, though. But yeah, they were [music] both But yeah, the whole experience was really cool. [music] >> Angry Lens is angry. I know. You won't like him when he's angry. [music] >> [music] [music] >> Thank you, Joshua. Catch the illuminations 24/7. Yeah, that's what it is. You'll see [music] it. We're about to go visit Oaken. Woohoo. >> [music] >> brother was visiting me this past weekend. He told me about Josh's other channel. So, I watched the 24/7 and subscribe. Yeah, thanks. You're going to love it. It's a great one. Been working really hard on those 24/7s [music] just cuz I thought, well, I haven't used some of that footage I don't use anymore, so I'd like to like to start using it more. I miss the exit of Melrom coming into the village. Yeah, this part reminds me of that, but obviously it's not quite the same. Yeah, it was cool after going through that epic ride and you go down into the North Sea and it's all adventurous and then you're like, "Oh, a quiet village." Like, it's such a great um such a great um just [music] was a great story arc and a great progression. So, well done. We haven't seen Luminous yet. I'm wait to see it in person in August. Looking forward to it. How it really shapes up against I've got forever. Yeah, for sure. I like it a lot. I just like the Epcot Forever music because it's so classic. [music] Uh, Drew in the moment. Good evening, Josh and all the peeps in chat. Hey, Drew. >> Welcome in. >> I've yet to put the 24/7 [music] stream on in the background, but I've been subscribed since the channel was announced. Oh, no worries, Tina. Well, hey, try it out sometime. It's a lot of fun. And because now the way it's on there, the stream is set to random shuffle and there's different playlists that go for daytime, nighttime, even sunset. So you shouldn't see the same streams at the same times. It should be pretty random. I mean, of course, with all random things, there's aspects of what seems to be non-random. Isn't it nice how uh fast the [music] lines move when there's no lightning wing? Bob Blacker, 29 months. Thanks, Bob. There it is. Congrats on 29 months of resort opera bronze. [music] Good evening. Yes, 29 months. That's awesome. Thanks, Bob. [music] >> Remember back in the day, wait cell phones? Yeah, you had to look around and talk to everybody. >> Oh, it's meeting with the North Mountain. Everyone's going to Elsa's ice today. >> Should be a real poop and a half. Yeah. >> You about to meet the snowman. >> Wow. I put the 24/7 streams on when I'm in the car driving from work. It helped me get through the doing report cards last week. Oh, that's awesome. >> Hi other stuff in it, but they stop [music] >> next studios visit. I don't know. Good question. the house. >> We'll be back there one one of these days. Jane has good news. What's your good news? >> Weird. I can't even hear the fireworks actually. I mean, they're going on right now, but I can't hear them. Now, this is troll country. That's right. Invaders. Back. Back over the fall. Yeah, there's a whole extra scene in this ride at the beginning. This whole snowman scene here is extra. And then the um the ending is a little bit longer, too. [music] >> I'd love to see how much longer the track is. This is not where the original the original loading area was more over there because you'd come in and you'd go straight in. So, this is all different. [music] I'm pretty sure this is where the theater was. I wonder if anybody's ever done like an overlay online just to show the difference in the two versions. >> You are not the first [music] to pass this way. My older sister is pregnant with her third baby. That's good news. Yeah. Congrats to her. That's so awesome. Are you with us? >> No, I'm just one by myself. >> Perfect. Then you can head over to row one. >> Row four. >> Just one moment. >> Got now. Grand Dog Armo 199 vibes surrounded with little purple stars. Nice. Thanks, Ryan. >> All right, here we go. Actually, I like the back row for this one. It's nice because you can really see a lot. >> Here we go. that good now. >> [music] >> Do you want to build a snowman? [music and singing] Come on. I know you do. I just made a magic winter snow and [music] summer snow and you [singing] we're going [music] to ice you and you all. See you there. [music] >> [music] >> very much like today I have saved her sister with an unselfish act of [music] your ice palace. Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] >> [music] [music] [music] >> Welcome to Palace [music] for the first time in forever. [music] forever. [music] Do you think we're related or just [music] [music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [music] [music and singing] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [singing] [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] [music] Heat. [music] in summer. [singing] [music] >> The hot and the cold are both so intense. Put them together. [music] >> Bye-bye now. Bye-bye. >> [music] [music] >> All right, [music] empty queue. All the things. Wow, we got great views of the animatronics. Even the ending, they look great. They look so great. >> Yeah, the projections were getting a little little rough. Those are awesome. >> The fireworks still going. >> That was very cool. That might be the end. Nope. The audio was not out of sync at the end, I don't think. I think that was the end. >> Yep, that was the end. >> Yeah, they really did a great job with those. Way lit in the projections for sure. We're celebrating our 25 year anniversary today. Husband honeymoon at Walt Disney World at Cinderella Castle. We're celebrating with a trip in May and staying six days at the boardwalk. Chris and Heather. Nice. Enjoy. I love that. All right, give me just a second. Let me reset my gimbal here for a second. There we go. Okay, he was grumpy. It was a grumpy, grumpy gimble. Okay, well, I hope you've enjoyed the stream tonight. [music] Walk out with me. >> I love this song. >> So, I hope you've had a great night. I know I have. I am so >> so [music] impressed. Yeah. >> Well done, Disney. I know they've been there a while, but >> that was kind of fun. I missed the show, but honestly, I'll [music] be We'll see you next time. >> Congratulations, Magic Nation. [music] Huh, that's cool. [music] Yeah, the walkout music's good. I will say that. [music] And these are original songs, too. >> So that's the best original walkout songs. [music] >> Yes, I always love Luminous as well. >> Great stream tonight. Thank you. >> Thank you. If you can dream it, appreciate it. I can't believe there's still 2,700 people here. That almost shows that like a lot of times people drop off during Luminous. That almost shows that people like to ride a ride at the end more than Luminous. I'll have to remember that. Not that we'll never do Luminous, don't get me wrong. But hey, if you guys love the rides, we can do some rides. Maybe Guardians next time. [music] Like I said, to me it's to me it's tranquil. So, I'm a I'm a fan. >> Thanks, Josh. Nice change of pace. Yes, for sure. We've been doing Tranquil Tuesday. a lot, [music] you know, largely the same way for a long time. So, I'm just like even I get, you know, like a little bit stir crazy wanting to do something different. So, and I think it, you know, I don't think it's always fun if you have to be super strict with it. Like, oh no, you can't ever do a throw ride. Like, why not? >> Sometimes it can still be fun. Tranquility fun [music] like even just like roller coaster fun can be tranquil. see people face to face. >> Come together as one. [music] >> Yeah. No, I like Luminous, too. I like it a lot. >> I'm glad I'm glad you guys like the change of pace. [music] >> No, I'm not on spring break anymore. That was just last week. Bob says, "My favorite streamer is still in Japan. Won't be back till next week." I'm not in Japan. I'm just kidding. Come on, Bob. You know I'm your favorite. I'm just kidding. All right. >> [music] >> I love doing the rides. I'm so glad. Thanks, Donna. >> You do. You, Josh. We're just here for the fantastic ride. I love it. I know. Is this the padawan heartbeat? Yes. Yes. Yes. >> One padawan heartbeat. >> My wife was also on spring break last week. She's an ELA teacher. Nice. >> Well, stay tuned. I'm going to send you guys over to the 24-hour ride stream. [music] You're definitely going to enjoy it if you haven't seen it. Now, the 24-hour ride stream is not timed for the >> [music] >> um the 24-hour ride stream is not timed day and night. It's just uh just random of what time I recorded the rides. Still fun heartbeat. Love it. It's been a wonderful stream. Thank you for bringing us along. You're welcome. Hope TSA isn't too bad. I know. They need to get that figured out. >> They need to get that figured out. >> But we don't talk about, you know, just as far as it influences travel, not the not the uh politics of the situation obviously because there are lots of channels for that. But yes, I agree. I hope that TSA cooperates. [music] I hope that they hope they can come up with something to get it moving again, get these people paid because inevitably people should be paid for their work. I think everybody can agree on that. Oh, wow. >> There's a little bit of a uh little bit of a traffic jam over there. Wow. >> Oh, it's a whole there's a whole school group over there. How fun. >> Anyway, thanks for being here tonight, guys. I really appreciate y'all. You guys are the best. >> Sorry if we already mentioned or you're on spring break. Yeah. So, uh, last week. I was on spring break last week. You can eat them all day. >> Definitely have to put the 24/7 stream on in the background. Yes, please do. And also put the uh replays of the streams on. When you watch the replays of the live streams, that helps a lot, too. >> We were late in Lauren. >> All right, everybody. I'm kind of hustling because I want to make sure I can get home and get to bed. But, uh, it's [clears throat] been awesome. Always enjoy it. >> Enjoy doing something different sometimes. Yeah, don't forget to subscribe if you're new and follow us on all the social media. >> Let's see. >> Little more challenging, right? A little more. >> Also, we have a couple other awesome sponsors to talk about. We have um let's see behind the ride. We do all that. So we have um Dream Table. It's an awesome app that allows you to find um reservations for the hardest to find restaurants here at Walt Disney World instead of you continuing to search the app, the Disney app over and over and over and over again. It does it work for you. It searches the app for you. And so then it tells you when there's a when there's a time available for dinner or whatever you want, dinner, breakfast, lunch, whatever. And it tells you. So you just set say like say you want to try Cinderella Castle. That's a harder one, but you can try it. Put it in for a certain day and it'll just keep searching for you. And if it finds something it within your time frame, >> it will actually uh >> it will actually uh notify you and then you can go book it. And the cool thing is it just you click a button and it just goes right to the page where you book. So, it's dreamtable.co or Dreamtable on the App Store. Our last sponsor is Layer 1 Technology. If you want to get support for your small or mediumsiz business, just go to Layer 1 Technologies, just check them out. Uh, you can email them at supportlayer1 technology.com. IT support for your small ormed mediumsiz business, I should say, here in Central Florida. We also have platinum members, people that support us with um people that support us with $50 a month on YouTube memberships. We appreciate them so much. Thank you to all of our members, our platinum members, our moppers, our hoppers, all you guys. Appreciate you. Um and our moderators again, our moppers, we appreciate you guys as well. So, we'll see you soon. Oh, did I get into a group? I think I did. All right. So, >> anyway, thanks for joining me. You guys are awesome. Here are our platinum members. Railroads Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Stephanie Mertz, Love Go Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer, Mickey, Mike Crazy, Grownup Life, Chuck Polly, Amazing, Jaylen, Moxley, Cicander, Donnie, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Hon, Ali, Baris, and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our platinum members. You guys are amazing. You are the magic, as we used to say during the 50th anniversary, but you all are the magic because we couldn't do this without you guys watching. Tonight was amazing. We have more people watching Tranquil Tuesday than than we normally do, even more than last week or at least about the same. I don't know. So, we appreciate you guys and we'll see you soon. Join me on the 247. Let's see if we can get 2,000 people over on the 247 channel. That'd be a first. be a record and go subscribe to that one. It's free to do and as Ron says, every once in a while that pops out. But it is free and definitely go check it out. So, I do hope Ron's having a good time in Japan. I know Bob was joking around about Well, I don't know. Maybe not joking, but I was joking around about it. Bob's like, "Ron's my favorite." That's fine. That's fine. I can deal. Ron's pretty awesome. So, anyway, let's definitely um definitely say good night and definitely head over to the 247 channel. Love you guys. Thank you so much. And uh we'll see you very very that wasn't. We'll see you very very soon. Had to move the windscreen. Little wind screen was in the way. It's like a little Pac-Man. All right, everybody. Thanks for watching and I'll see you on on um see you on Friday Night Live. >> Thanks for watching. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Byebye. Why is she like that? >> That's the only way of getting the smile. Good morning. Good job.
