---
video_id: rWcVLdWxu7c
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Our First Time at Megacon was Amazing! - Megacon 2026 Vlog"
published: 2026-03-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWcVLdWxu7c
---
Hi, this is Josh >> with Resort TV1 and we are here at Mega Con. It's Sunday. It's day three and we're back. It's our second day, right? >> That's right. What are we going to do today? Tell them. >> I'm going to drive. >> We're going to drive. But who are we going to meet today? >> Peter. >> Who is >> He's the voice of Optimus Prime. So, we're going to meet Peter Coen, the voice of Optimus Prime. He's obviously dressed for the occasion. I've got a Transformer shirt to put on later. And uh we are going to be ready to go enjoying all of the cool festivities. This is our it's our second day, but our first Mega Con. And uh we were really impressed last time, weren't we, bud? >> Yeah. I got a unicorn, which if you guys don't know, the giant cannibal because he's a planet planet. >> Planet. Yeah, that's right. Unicorn from the original Transformer movie. And I got my aircraft that I can transform. >> That's pretty cool. So, with that being said, we're going to get started and go enjoy and explore Megaon. Let's go. You ready? >> And of course, as always, the costumes never disappoint. We've got this giant sword and, you know, Liam's got his costume and we are just walking in with all the other all the other fans and we are ready to go. So, All right, got my badge. Liam's got his wristband and we are ready to go. All right, so um we got to go inside. You got to activate your badge. That's one thing we didn't know about until now. But then once we go in, we're going to check out the uh show floor and all the cool stuff. So I can't wait. >> Let's do it. So when you get done with uh the uh entry and activation and all that, you're into this giant giant hall. And then I think the exhibits are are Yeah. are in here. So it's uh it's a whole huge process, but it's uh Oh, look. There's Pikachu. Giant Pikachu. So this is just outside the exhibit area. And uh you can see it's right over there. And we're going to go in here in just a second. But this is crazy. Optimus Prime Transform. Here he goes. >> Here we go. This sign says enter the adventure. I mean, you can go in anywhere, but I wanted to take you guys in the main the main area here. >> As you can see, this is Mega Pond. >> Yes. Mega mega. >> Second largest pond in the world. >> That's right. >> All right. We are in. It's kind of hard to uh talk about how big this is. I mean, it goes all the way over there by the artist. It goes all the way over there into that corner and then it goes all the way over as far to the as the eye can see. It's a crazy crazy kind of a thing. But let's see if you can There we go. Okay. You can see the other wall. This whole entire area is full. But we're looking around at all the different shops and vendors and stuff. They got Matrix of Leadership here, huh, buddy? That's cool. Also, look up here. Go find the rope. >> Oh, wow. >> Enderman. >> And Enderman. Yeah, it is. Wow. How fun. Yeah, this is cool. >> Oh, the pops. >> It's a hacker mask. >> What? >> Mask. >> Oh, yeah. >> Amongus mask. I have Freddy there. >> It is what it is. >> Yeah, it's just like a maze. It's a maze of things. >> Luckily, they have like poles up here. They You can see it way up here. There's a number 10. You can kind of keep your bearings that way. And they're aisle numbers, too. >> Right there is the closest one to nine. >> Yep, that's right. >> There's the Pikachu costume we saw. >> Yeah. Wow. That is impressive. >> Wow. So impressive the collections in some of these places. Look at that. Alice Green has a nice little exhibit there. That's fun. They've got a uh whole uh whole setup there. >> All right, we're here on the red carpet, which is fun. They got giant walls and even like a big stage up there. And Liam, you were talking about collections. Go ahead. >> Yeah. So, I saw this one guy who would like a tripod, which is a giant dinosaur base and uh a unicorn, which I talked about earlier. And that's where we got the unicorn. >> Oh, yeah. We got to show our unicorn, don't we? >> Yeah. >> So funny. You can see Lady B above the crowd there. There's a skill walking through the crowd on those stilts. And of course, as you might guess, lots of comics, lots of different places, some new stuff, old stuff, vintage stuff, all kinds of cool stuff. A lot of pops, too. I've noticed a lot of pops, >> but basically just stuff. >> Just stuff. Yeah. Oh, look. Beetlejuice over here. Let's check that out over here. A whole Beetlejuice exhibit over here. Wow. This a community zone over here. a lot of just different um displays and things set up for people to enjoy and kind of check out on their own. So, this is Wow, look at this. There's the sandworm and everything. There's Beetlejuice. Oh, look. It's a Mog from Space Balls. That's so fun. I'm a Mog. >> That's so great. All right, so >> Liam, what's over here? >> Um, it's giant a giant Star Wars set. >> Oh my gosh. Oh, here. Oh, here's space balls before we get to Star Wars. Wow. I mean, like, it's all the characters, but that is so cool. >> I'm not sure what space is, but >> Oh my gosh. He's not sure what space balls is. We got to We got to We got to remedy that situation. >> He's in the right place. >> Great costumes here. >> All right, that was Squid. Pilot Quest. >> Yeah, the heavy metal stormtrooper here. That's fun. How fun. >> All right. This is so cool. They're even playing like a droid mix or something. That is so fun. This is so cool with the Speeder R2, C3PO, the whole thing. All these different droids over here and the Loft Cat. >> Oh, that's what it's called. >> That's a L cap. >> Look at that. >> I know. I love that droid. My friend told me that droid right there. If you press the but like if I fall, it will shrink because he likes Star Wars way more than me. >> That's right. >> Yeah. Look at all these droids and stuff. This is so so cool. >> What are those guys called? The yellow eyes and the patch thing. >> Um those are the uh Jawas. >> Oh, >> and yeah, Jawas. >> We got R2 here. We're going to get Liam over here by R2 here in a second. Oh wow, look at him. Isn't he awesome? >> That's so so cool. >> Yeah, Battle Battle One R2 is over there indeed. >> That's so cool. >> Hey, R2. And we got a speeder over here, too. >> Yep, that's right. Speeders over here. And so many different photo ops. So, so cool. This is so cool. This is the Battle War R2. A little control center here. How fun. >> Oh, go ahead, buddy. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Is he allowed to sit down? >> Yeah, absolutely. Comfortable. >> All right. Optimus Prime is joining the uh >> Okay. Just don't let the Empire know where we are. Okay. Yeah. >> Oh, no. >> He's from another planet. It's fine. >> Optimus, you know how to fly this thing, right? No. All right. >> Oh, how fun. Look at this. >> Oh, and then we got the first order over here. I see Kylo. everything you're doing really. >> What a setup. That is so cool. Oh, we'll find the droids in a second, bud. They're so cool. The R2s, they're over there. >> Oh, wow. It's like a little bar over here. Okay, here's some droids. >> So cool. Pit droids. >> Wow. >> No, it's head. >> Blue C3PO head. I see that. >> Wow, look at these guys. >> My gosh. >> Oh my gosh. And the carbonite. >> Wow. I mean, just unreal. This whole area is just unreal. >> Oh yeah, Liam found these guys over here. >> Oh, he's got a bow tie. Hello. >> K-pop demon hunters. >> How cool. There we go. >> Takadana Temple over here. >> Who you going to call? So good. Look at that. >> I found it. I'm in the hole. Ecto1 and the Proton pass. So amazing. >> There it is. >> We found the droids. >> Southern R2 builders. Yeah. All right. Liam's going to show you his favorite his favorite R2 over here on the inside. >> All right. We'll come on in. >> Look at the bedazzled. Yeah, the bedazzled R2 is something else. That is so cool. This guy's like having a whole dance party over here. Wow. That's so fun. There's the BB-8 section over here. R4. All right. So, yeah, this is the uh steampunk R2. That is amazing. That's Liam's favorite, right, buddy? Yeah, it's called >> Sir R2 >> R2 >> gear. >> Sir R2 steam gear. Yes, that's cool. That's your favorite. >> There you go. We got purple >> R4 CF. >> This is so cool up here. >> Oh, we got Captain Rex. Star Tours. >> What do you think, bud? >> There's C3PO and R2-D2 behind that awesome or in front of that awesome backdrop. >> This is just so detailed. I love this so much. Got some awesome Shield vehicles over here. This is the Shield Grand Cherokee. I have to tell Steph this is way cooler than her than her Grand Cherokee. All right, for all of the Doctor Who fans in the house. Here we go. There's even a TARDIS over there. Oh, that's fun. Wow. There's another one. >> And Eva, >> look at him. >> Oh, that's the moving roof. Wait, does Wally? He's a time traveler. >> He's got a flux capacitor. >> Liam, it's the mystery machine. >> So, wait. I've never seen anything quite like this before. Wow. Oh my goodness. The Batmobile. And this is one of the coolest Deloreans I've ever seen. Oh my goodness. Wow. I love that so much. >> Have a good day. >> How fun. >> Hulk. All I came here to do Here comes the droid parade. >> Wow, how fun. The world's largest droid parade. I love it. Heat. Heat. Oh, here they come. >> Watch out. count for any joy. Ontario in this clean Ontario history again. >> It's a broom. So, one thing you may be wondering about is is there food? And yes, as you can see, there is. And there are a lot of places to sit and there are a great deal of food choices all around this whole entire area. Sorry, trying to get around. Yeah, the the uh where's the clown? All around this whole area, there are plenty of places to eat. Just kind of taking it in from the table here. Taking a little break, but you can just see the size of it. It's crazy. That big. That's cool. All right. So, we are >> getting ready for our photo. Just trying to find the right spot here. As you can see, it's huge. >> So, photo ops are over here. >> All right. So, >> this is kind of where we go. >> Is your last call. Liam, who are we meeting? >> Peter, >> who is the voice of who? >> Oh, >> so this guy right here. >> Yes. Are you excited? What do you think? What are you thinking right now? >> Uh, yes, I'm excited. And I don't know. I'm probably going to tell him about my mag that I'm making at home. And yeah, >> about what now? >> The mech that I'm making. >> Oh, that you're making a mech. Yes, for sure. That'll be awesome. >> Shockwave. All right, we're in the line. Close to the front. Liam, you just met Peter Colin. What did you think? And what was it like? >> Awesome. Here's the picture. And what did he say when you walked in? >> I was the best all day. >> He said, "You were the best all day." How did that feel? >> Uh, good. >> Yeah, I'd say it felt pretty good. You could see how excited he was. Isn't that great? >> Yeah. >> That's awesome. Hey, was it worth it? >> I would be smiling, too. But >> Well, I think that's the best. That's the best part there. >> Yeah. >> You look amazing. So, was it worth it? >> Yeah. >> Wow. How happy are you right now? >> Very. >> Okay. Awesome, dude. >> One of the things we got to do on Friday was to hear Frank Welker on the left as Megatron and Peter Colin on the right as Optimus Prime read some lines from a scene in Transformers as their characters. And it was just amazing to hear them do that. So, we're going to let you hear that right now. We hope you enjoy. >> So, imagine you're in a studio and the lights are going dark and dark. So here we are, leaders of the Autobots and the Decepticons. We alone control the future of this planet and the galaxies beyond Optimus. We can share the power and the destiny of all that lies before us. >> Megatron, it is not the power I seek. I wish only to protect this planet. I want no harm to come to these humans. >> You fool. Why throw away your life so recklessly? With inner John from the Earth and combining our troops, we can rebuild Cybertron and THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE AWAITS US. >> I will not endanger the Earth or its humans. Cybertron has shown us what devastation comes from. greed and power and you will forever be my enemy. No one will stand in my way. >> Meetatron. One shall stand and one shall fall. So be it. Power through tyranny. I will never give up hope. Till all are one. Autobots transform and roll out. >> Thank you. >> Liam and I found a good pretty good collection of Pops and Transformers. I actually have this one. Uh we just didn't know the name of them for a while. So now we do. >> And we didn't um And we didn't know the name. We thought >> that they're terracons. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> You see anything you like, bud? I got the unicorn the other day, but this is pretty cool. >> Yeah, I kind of like uh Where is it? Um I kind of like this guy right here. >> Yeah, he's pretty cool. >> And that one's rare apparently. Bit Botcon 2016. They they have all these special Transformers for different uh different uh cons that have been around >> is uh Optimus. That's has the Pepsi though. >> I saw that. That's cool. >> Man, checking out the mini pigs. >> Got Disney ones. >> Wow, these are so cool. >> Like my mom says, if if history repeats itself, I'm getting your pet dinosaur. >> Yes. >> All the 3D printed dinos. Jedi Mario World. >> May the force be with you. I love that. >> All right, we are on our way out. Mega Con. It's been real. It's been fun. It's been real fun. I loved it. Liam, did you have a good time? >> Yeah. >> So cool, huh? >> Yeah. We bought Reflector. We'll show that guy. >> Yeah. Well, I had a good time. All right, let's head out. We'll be back next year. >> Been a great day as we head down the escalator through the main lobby here at Megacon. It has been a mega day. Got Glenda over there. Wow. I saw the hamburger hamburger earlier. There's Jessica Rabbit. Superman. Ah, so many great cosplays. Very cool. All right, so we're back from Mega Con. It's the next day. It's Monday. We went on Sunday and we wanted to just give you a little recap of all the fun things that we did and some of the things that we were able to buy at Megaon this year in 2026. So Liam, first of all, this is pretty cool right here. What is it? >> It is Unicron. Basically, he's um a planet eating planet. Um, and some some of the things you can do. He's this Mcon dead end. We'll show you how to transform after we transform this guy. But anyways, he has this little tab here. As you can see, it's his face. But, uh, anyways, you can like stick it in there >> and he hooks right on. >> Same thing right here. >> And he hooks on over here, too. >> And if you put on here, we haven't gotten it working. >> Um, >> oh, it shoots the missiles. Yeah, it can shoot the missiles. So, in the original Transformers, yeah, go ahead. Show him how he does it. In the original Transformers, he was eating planets in the original Transformers movie. >> Uh, and like Liam said, he also um transforms into a robot. So, we'll show that here a little bit later. But yeah, Unicron. We've never seen one before in person, and he was at the shop um on actually Friday, so we didn't show that on the video, but it's super cool, right, Liam? >> Uh, yeah. So, now we're going to like do editing magic. And here is Unicron in robot mode. How cool is that? He is vicious, ferocious Decepticon. One of the worst ones cuz he's a whole planet that eats planets. But it is such a cool transformer. Look at him even next to this Optimus Prime who's already really big. And then these mini cassette Transformers. He's huge. >> Wait, can you zoom into his head again? >> Yeah. Go ahead. >> So, if you guys can see the like this gray button right here. Yeah, >> obviously we haven't replaced the batteries which are on the back right here. >> We haven't done it. >> Well, show us what it does. >> We just got back, but if you press that button, his eyes flash right now, but they will actually just light up. So, the next play feature, that same thing right here. There's that same Oh, there's that same thing on the back. If we put that in. If we put that in. And I think >> you just have to push a little bit. There it goes. Oh, he shot me. >> Yeah, >> he shot me with this. >> He opens up his chest and shoots this little missile. >> Yes. >> And how you put it in, you just squeeze that. Put in here. And Oh, come on. And then all >> Yeah, it worked >> all closed. >> How fun. That's awesome. And then these missiles are supposed to shoot, but they don't work right now. We'll have to figure that out. >> But uh the other cool thing uh is that you can do this. You can move all the fingers. >> So here, move your hand for a second. Yeah. So the fingers, what he was trying to show Yeah. is great. Is the fingers are individually articulated on both hands. >> Does this one light up over here? this hand. I guess it doesn't. It's just clear for some reason. >> No, because uh I'm not really sure why I didn't really watch the Arma series. That's where this guy came from. >> But he's been around since the beginning. So, >> yeah. >> That's super cool. Awesome. Well, that's Unicron. And we'll leave him like that for now. Um and that is uh what is his name? Dead End. >> This is Dead End. He kind of looks like Shockwave, though, because of that blinky eye. >> And now we're going to transform him. >> And here is Dead End in robot form. Let's take a look at him here. Wow, that's awesome. >> He kind of turns into a Death Star looking thing, but the gun in the front turns into this. He doesn't have arms that can like move like this like unicorn can. >> They're not articulated like that. Okay. >> But they can move like they can swivel and the legs can move. So can the feet. Oh, the feet. And it can move like this. Um, that's pretty much it though. And this is Eject. He is one of the cassette tapes that goes with Blaster over here. Now, we already had Blaster and his first cassette tape there, which is Steel Jaw. Uh, and that's this is a 40th anniversary Transformers remake one of that, but this is the G1 right here. >> Yep. It comes with Sorry. Uh, little guns both sides pretty much the same. Uh, he has that little press symbol like you >> Deceptic. Oh, Autobot. No, he is an Autobot. You're right. You're right. And if you hold it down >> like long enough, I'm not going to do it, but if you hold it down for maybe a minute, probably 50 seconds, it will show the allotic symbol. >> I remember that. Awesome, dude. Well, that's eject. Very cool. And he of course turns into a cassette tape. We won't have to do that now, but that looks cool. Now, our last thing that we got here is we've got Optimus Prime. Now, tell us about this one. We're not going to transform him today because we haven't quite learned that yet. But what uh what about him is special, Liam? >> Well, uh he is in fact a fire truck. And >> you can see his ladder back here. >> One of the uh that's like one. Oh, water gun. Okay. >> Um but what you can do is you can take off the legs like the kingdom for Magnus. >> Yeah. >> And you can get uh these. Take off these. >> Oh yeah. uh take off this. >> That way it turns into a lot smaller vehicle. >> And then if we just move this up and move this up, then open these arms. We haven't quite This is where the head should be. We haven't quite figured that out, but this is what it looks like so far. And then that was bigger. Turns into this smaller one. So yeah, it's kind actually very similar to Ultra Magnus. >> All right. And of course, we already showed you our picture with Peter Cullen, which is awesome. It was such a fun experience. And uh he was so excited to see Liam. We already talked about that once, but that was pretty cool, right, Liam? >> Yeah, >> pretty cool. And then we have my Back to the Future shirt. That was the one thing that I bought just for me. Of course, I the unicorn was a little bit for me, too, cuz I've always wanted one of those. We'll play with it together. But the Back to the Future U shirt, I just hadn't seen one. This is the original movie poster basically and uh I saw that at one of the shops so I wanted to get that. So, but anyway, these are the things we got and so I hope that you uh >> all posed up. >> All posed up. So, I hope you enjoyed that part of the video and just seeing our merch haul basically. So, Liam, are you pretty excited about all this stuff? >> Uh yeah. >> Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. All right. Well, we've come to the end of our Mega Mega Con vlog. It was a long vlog, but it was a great couple days. And uh we didn't vlog on Friday, but I did put in the clip with Frank Welker and also Peter Colin doing the scenes from the Transformers or the one scene from the Transformers uh show that they did. That was amazing to hear, wasn't it, Liam? >> Yeah. And speaking of Frank Welker, two fun facts, 97 credits, and uh also I feel like uh if you guys like don't agree or whatever, it's fine, but uh I feel like there should be a Decepticon. Yes, there should be a Decepta con because it just kind of lends itself to that very easily. So, we love that. It is very very cool and uh I don't know. It was just amazing. It was really cool to meet Peter Colin. We wish we could have also met Frank Welker, but we wanted to just save it for our Peter Colin photo that you can see back there, which is really really cool. And if we see him again, maybe we'll have him sign the photo. >> Yeah. >> So, that was pretty awesome. But either way, it was great. It was an overwhelming amount of stuff as you could see in the video, but the costumes were great. What else did you think? Uh, well, I thought it's kind of crazy. We saw someone uh on Stos. They did it for fun. They weren't paid to do that. >> Oh, the the one was dressed as Lady D, the the lady with the big hat. >> Yeah, that was kind of crazy. >> Yeah, she was like 12 feet tall in the stilts and was just like very very coordinated walking through the crowd. It's one thing to have stilts like on a stage or something, but it's another thing to walk through a really crowd, a really big crowd of people that are unpredictable. And she did an amazing job navigating that. So, anyway, that was pretty awesome. Uh, what else did you like? >> Personally, my favorite costume was the Shockwave. >> Oh, yeah. We had Shockwave as well. >> Prime. I think it's on Netflix, but I'm not really sure. >> No, that was Yeah. And he came up and he's like, "Optimus, I've been looking for you." We didn't get that on the video, but I'll show the picture right here over the top of this so you can see it. It was really cool. And uh we asked him, of course, that was one of the things we learned too at Megaon, and we kind of knew this already, but it's polite. if you want to take a picture with somebody or of somebody, you ask them permission, which is nice and that way you're not just kind of freaking them out with the camera. But we asked him and of course he said yes and he posed with Liam and and it was very good. So yeah. >> So anyway, it was a great experience. Definitely want to go back next year and of course Transformer Con is in October. So uh a lot of cool stuff coming up, but until then you're excited for that, aren't you? >> Happy happy. >> That's right. So but thanks for joining me, Liam. And uh definitely thank you for um just for a fun for a fun-filled day. We've got our dog down here. He's uh Tank is our dog is saying hi here. Hey buddy. So Tank is to say hi. So anyway, thank you for watching uh and we'll see you next time. All right, everybody. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Bye-bye.
