---
video_id: zxeNhIuX_PI
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Friday Night Live Stream Announcement - 4-9-26 -Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-04-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxeNhIuX_PI
---
Guess what day it is? That's right. It's Friday night live and we're excited tonight for a really fun evening at Disney Springs and the Disney Springs Resorts. It's going to be a lot of fun. We didn't get to go around as much as we wanted to last time when we celebrated our 9 years of live streaming a couple weeks ago. So we're actually going to be able to take the boat around and really just enjoy some of the Disney Springs Resorts and we're going to have some special guests this time. So our special guests will introduce them to you during the stream and so we'll we'll kind of keep it a surprise. So but definitely tune in to see who our special guests are and it'll be really fun to hang out with them tonight and enjoy Friday night live with all of you. And of course I know maybe Disney Springs isn't as exciting to some people as the parks but we're still going to have an amazing Friday night live because you know of course we'll walk around Disney Springs some but mostly we'll be at the resorts and we may go check out Yehaa Bob's show at Port Orleans Riverside. He's one of our very very good friends and he's also an amazing performer and I've gotten the pleasure of performing with him several times at Give Kids the World and so it would be cool to see his show again and just see him do what he does best. He's one of the best in the business. He's amazing and he's just a super nice person and you know it'd be good to see him if we could and you know definitely just check out some of the resorts around the area. You know we grew up going to Old Key West a lot so it might be fun to hang out there as well. So we're going to kind of see where the night takes us but we're probably not going to stay at Disney Springs very long. We're probably mostly going to be out on the boats and riding around the different resorts around property around the Disney Springs area. So that'll be super fun. We hope you'll join us for Friday night live starting at 6:00 p.m. Eastern time at the Disney Springs Resorts and maybe a little Yehaa Bob. So that'll be super fun and I can't wait to share the night with you and with our guests and of course with Jenna. It's going to be amazing. So definitely tune in tonight for Friday night live. Also tomorrow for Saturday I should be live in the evening as well. I think if all goes well we'll go to Magic Kingdom again I believe in in case I change my mind but I'm thinking about Magic Kingdom and hopefully we'll be able to see happily ever after this time. Last time we had a little bit of a you know snafu where we got stuck on Haunted Mansion but like I said we can always come back and so maybe this uh this Saturday night live will be a little different and we'll be able to watch happily ever after. Maybe we'll watch it from a different place. Who knows? Either way it is fun to change things up sometimes. So definitely stay tuned for all of the fun this weekend. Friday night live, Saturday night live and you know we'll see Jenna and me have a video on Sunday. So you never know but it's going to be a great weekend and we hope that you will join us for all of the Resort TV 1 Resort Hopper fun here on Resort TV 1. Be sure you subscribe, hit the notification bell, all those things. Also check out all of our awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below. We've got Mickey travels.com to book your next trip to Disney. We've got resorttv1homes.com to find your dream home here in Central Florida. We've got David's DVC rentals dvc-request.com/tv if you want to rent a DVC room even if you're not a member dvc-request.com/tv. We also have Behind the Ride on Amazon and Disney Demystified on Amazon if you want to find out about how Disney was created and all the behind the scenes stories. Those two books on Amazon are amazing. Go check it out Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. We've also got Layer 1 Technology if you want support for your IT or IT support for your small or medium size business just go to support@layer1technology.com. Check that out as well. We also have Dream Table. dreamtable.co or Dream Table on the App Store will help you get the hardest to find reservations here at Walt Disney World or any other park or resort. So thanks to all of our sponsors. Thanks to all of you and we will see you tonight at 6:00 p.m. Eastern time for Friday night live at Disney Springs and the Disney Springs Resorts. All right everybody. So for now have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Now that you've finished watching this video be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all of the latest updates. Also check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
