---
video_id: Ty5IaDqwcTo
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Friday Night Live at Animal Kingdom & Disney Springs - 2-6-26 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-02-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ty5IaDqwcTo
---
Hello. You want to go in there and help her? which >> I don't know why it's cold. Well, hey everybody. It's Josh >> and Jenna >> with Resort TV1 and we are live here at Disney's Animal Kingdom. >> Welcome everybody. >> Welcome in everybody. >> Jambo. >> Jambo. >> Thanks for being here. Happy Friday and uh yeah, it's a happy chili Friday. >> It is a happy chili Friday. So, thanks for being here everybody. We are excited to see you. >> So excited to be an animal kingdom. >> And we're very sorry that didn't have the stream posted correctly. I forgot to make it public. >> Whoopsie. >> I did all the announcements and then I got so busy at school today I forgot to make it public. But >> we are live now. So, >> I guess there'll be some a little bit more uh silence at the beginning while we tried to figure out what was going on, but it's all good now. I thought the app was broken. >> We were a little worried. >> Anyway, >> hey Josh, I don't even see it. Yes. Well, so the stream is public now and we're all good. I just missed it. So, but yeah. Um I just need to remember to do it next time. I I'll make myself a reminder either way. >> Yeah. Well, welcome in everybody. We got Jenna here. >> Hello. >> And we got mom and dad. >> Bundled out. >> That's right. >> A chilly night. Not as chilly as it has been. >> No, no, it's just it's just a cold wind coming in. >> So, anyway, welcome in everybody. Uh I guess let's do this. Let's walk over towards Dinosaur since that's the big news here. >> And then we'll we can't go very far, but yeah, even the sign is gone. >> So, at least we got to see it one more time. >> Yep. Exactly. >> Somebody said you did a vlog with Liam. Did you post that yet? >> A vlog with Liam >> of Dinosaur. >> Oh, yeah. No, I haven't had time to post that either. >> I was just curious. I didn't think I saw it. >> We did a 360 as well. >> Oh, cool. >> That was kind of fun. So yeah. No, and of course I was last Friday. We were in the frozen tundra of New York when it was like 9° 5 degrees. So it's definitely >> last Friday actually. >> And that Friday was nice here. Wasn't wasn't up there, but we were uh >> But then the next day was >> Yeah. >> Yeah. We actually last Saturday we got down to windchills of nine here, which was crazy. Um right now it's just very breezy. >> The actual temperature is not very cold right now. It's just very breezy. It makes it feel colder. >> Yeah. That feels like >> Yeah. And yesterday, was it yesterday or no, Wednesday? I got up in the 70s. No, it was just back and forth. >> Yeah, yesterday it was almost 70. >> That's the other problem here. The day before you get you get used to like really warm and then it gets cold again. >> What was it? Um the Sunday before, not last Sunday, but the Sunday before it was 87. >> Yes. >> And then it dropped like >> 50°. It was crazy. >> But anyway, it's fine. This will probably be the last cold snap here. So, we're very lucky. But yeah, sorry again if you didn't find the stream until just now. >> Whoopsie. Sorry. >> Seems to be working now. >> So, I'm sure when I look at YouTube, I'm going to see. Usually, I see it because a bunch of people comment that the stream is private. >> Yeah. >> And I just didn't look at the comments today. >> And so, I'm sorry. >> I was busy. >> Look, guys, it already looks different. >> I was teaching stuff. Yeah. No sign. >> So, >> there's no here's your sign. >> Here's no sign. >> Here's no sign. It usually was here on the uh >> right here. >> I have a picture of it from Sunday. >> Like right here at this little bridge, right? >> Mhm. >> Yeah. >> Right here. >> Oh, right. And this is it right here. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> This is what was left of it. They cut it down. Cut down the dinosaur. >> Let's see. I think I have a picture right here. >> Yeah, I took one. >> That's coming out. >> So, coming from the other way. Crazy. >> There are comments. So, I'm I'm sure there are comments. I have no doubt about that. Sorry. I forgot. Uh here. Let me here. I've got one from the front, too. >> Just got to find it. >> Yes. >> Actually, no. It said Discovery Island on one side and Dino Land on the other side. >> Right. >> Uh let's see. Let me find it. >> I have one from that side, too, I think. >> Here. There you go. Right there. daylight. >> Oh, yeah. >> See, that's this right here. Right there is this. >> Mhm. >> That's all that's left. >> Yep. >> And you can already see part of the building they're making. >> Yeah, you can see it. >> Yes. I believe so because they're going to reuse the dinosaur building for Indiana Jones. >> Yes. Oh my word, look at all the birds. >> Oh wow. >> Those are the ones that were all up in our business at Flame Tree earlier. >> Yeah. Oh man, that one looks like it's melting. >> Uhoh. >> Wow. >> May your evening be as sweet as your smile. Thanks. >> These are white from all the birds. >> I know. Oh yuck. >> Do you see that? Isn't that funny? >> Poor tree. >> It's a lot of birds. >> It was also not raining so it can't wash it off. >> True. >> So this is the same. But there's no show here. Yeah. But everything over here is just kind of dead. >> Yeah. >> So hopefully they'll bring back some kind of show in the lagoon there. It's extinct. I know dinosaurs are extinct. Oh, look. You can see one of the dinosaur buildings, right? Like the old like fries. It used to be fries there. >> Yep. >> Trilobyes, I think. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Trilobytes. >> There you go. >> That's still there. >> So then to get >> Yeah. To get the dinosaur, you had to go around for a while there, but now it's now it's gone. >> So I think what they're building right now is probably the back of this. this. Yeah, agreed. >> And here's >> Indiana Jones. >> Yeah, it was Dinosaur. Now it's Indiana Jones. >> Yep. >> What it is? >> Hi. How are you? >> Hey, how's it going? >> Good. >> I haven't seen you since the boat. >> Oh, yeah. >> The Liberty The last week. >> The Liberty. Yes. >> Yep. That was a that was a sad one. >> I'm excited for this though. >> Yeah. It'll be interesting for sure. >> Very excited. Yeah, >> it'll be fun. >> I I'm gonna miss out of this. The boneyard is a thing I'm actually gonna miss. >> That was fun. >> Yeah. >> I I hope they do something similar to that here, but it doesn't look like there is any. >> There's supposed to be in the plans like a playground somewhere in the area. I heard I don't know if that's that back there or what, but they supposedly there's going to be a playground. >> The bone where the um >> carousel is, that's where the boneyard used to be. >> Yes. Okay. Yeah, >> but whatever. There that attraction back there. Did you see how big? >> Yeah, probably like this building right here. >> Yeah, I can't wait. >> It's so Yeah, it's going to be huge. >> We don't even know what what it's supposed to be yet. >> Well, there's some Yeah, there's something within KTO. We don't know what it is. I >> think that it's maybe going to be a dark ride. >> That's what I'm hoping. >> That's what they talked about a dark ride or, you know, probably not a boat ride because that doesn't really fit in Kanto very well. I heard them talking about where there's like a scene where Antonio the house changes into a jungle or something. Do something. I hope that >> Oh, that'd be cool. >> If you're led by Antonio who can talk to the animals, it makes a lot of sense. >> That would be really cool. >> Yeah, I don't know. We'll have to see. >> Mhm. >> We'll have to see. >> Build Bill. >> Yeah, I know. >> It's going to take a couple years, I think. >> Unfortunately. >> Yeah. >> But >> yeah, they still have to tear down the dinosaur. Well, not dinosaur, but like uh restaurant source and all that is still up, you know. >> We wanted to go um >> to the petting zoo, the affection section because it's getting >> that's getting ready to close, too. Yeah. Yeah. >> Crazy. >> Yeah. They're going to put blue in and the affection the uh petting zoo thing was going to be gone. >> So, >> when it comes back told me what they're doing though, where the affection section is, there is going to be like uh like a walkthrough thing with Australian animals that you'll be able to get pretty close to but not >> pet. Cool. >> That's good. >> Very nice. >> I'm glad that Glad that it's at least some animals to see then. >> Yeah. >> Very good. >> Awesome. >> Well, it's good to see you. >> Yeah. >> Stay warm. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. I had to come out here for that. >> Every time we get a chance to go to affection section. >> Yeah. >> But he was like, "It smells like a zoo." >> Yeah, it it does. It does smell like a zoo. >> Makes sense. >> Have fun. >> Yeah. Have a good night. >> So, >> you guys head out. >> Oh, are you heading out? Mom's got her warm nose on. >> Show them. Show them your new little thing there. Oh yeah. I can't remember what you called it, but >> nice. Nice. >> For those of us that are old and have really cold noises. >> Oh yeah. >> That works. That's good. >> Yeah. We're going to go home and warm up. I hope it'll get supposed to get warmer on starting next week here. Monday, t probably Tuesday, Wednesday. >> Yep. It's going to get warmer. >> We're excited for that for sure, aren't we? >> Oh, for sure. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. It'll be all right. It'll be nice. It's actually It's not too bad as long as the wind doesn't blow. >> Do you want I've got a I've got a Norway stocking cap. You want Did you bring a hat or a cap? >> No, I've got my hood. It won't be too bad. And I've got my ear muffs. >> Okay. >> That should be We should be good. We're not going to be We're not going to be out super late. >> Yeah. >> So, it's going to you >> Are you kidding? >> Yeah. >> Wow. >> A little bit. >> Just a little. >> Oh my goodness sakes. Yeah. It's >> At least it's not going to be uh 9° like >> No, I mean this morning it was pretty close to freezing. 30 33 or so. >> But but um but no, it was it was um it was what 24 that one morning. So that was pretty cold. >> Yeah. So yeah, >> and we didn't cover cro or anything this time either. So they're probably going to get hurt. >> Yeah, I don't think they're going to stay too much longer. >> I just didn't just didn't want just didn't want to do, you know, I didn't want to take time to cover them all. I didn't have enough to cover them. So >> yeah, >> they were. >> Yeah, that's a lot. >> Did you guys want to say hi on the stream? a second. >> Are you guys okay saying hi on the stream or Okay, I just didn't want to I didn't want to turn around this way and look away from you cuz it just looks weird, but I have nowhere else to point the camera. >> Hi. Mom used to teach Spanish, so she knows more than me. >> But I could never give it. >> Yeah. >> So he refus to to learn Spanish. Oh my god. >> Mom, don't embarrass. >> Oh, I'm from Venezuela. >> Okay. which is one of the reasons I'm excited. >> It'll be fun. >> Totally. >> We're getting We're getting presentation. >> Yeah. >> This is nice. >> I can't wait. >> I didn't know the whole family's here. >> Oh my god. >> It was 10° cooler. We wouldn't be here. Oh my god. >> About to leave. I'm just kidding. >> When I woke up this morning Oh, you too. >> Yeah. No, it was it actually was like 33 this morning. >> In Orlando, I've been here 17 years. This is the coldest. Oh, consecutive days for sure. >> When I used to work, I used to be a cast member and I'm telling you, when we had to work outside those days, I used to work for DVC if it was like 40°. Oh my gosh. >> You get the hand warmers. They don't work. >> No, I don't use it at all. >> Not very. >> Well, we should probably get get to moving. >> Yeah. >> Bye. Thank you. Thank you. Nice to meet you. >> Bye. Have a good night. >> Bye. >> Take care. >> Hello. >> Hello. >> You're very You guys are very popular tonight. >> Yes. >> Wait in line. >> Yeah, that's right. It's like a meet and greet. We're waiting in line. >> Get a fast notation. >> Yeah. Get a fast pass. >> That's funny. >> How are you? >> We're okay. All right, you guys. >> We're doing good. And we were just >> we we said let's go to Animal Kingdom today and then we saw your >> So we said okay. >> So funny. Yeah. Cuz normally we don't come here on Fridays. >> We were surprised. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Open a little which is great. >> Yes. That's why we came. >> We we are learning that Disney World is so huge that it's actually hard to find you here. >> Yeah. That is true. >> It was easier to find you when we were at Disneyland. >> It's true. >> Yeah, that is true. >> That is true. Way smaller. >> I miss it there. I got to go back. >> How are you two doing? >> I'm fine. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I love the hat. I think I got one like that. >> You guys okay staying high on the stream again? I know you have before. >> Darlary Daryl and Victoria who are now flidians. You've been you've been cold with the rest of us. Although >> Oh, yeah. >> It's going to warm up. I think I think we're good. Yeah. >> This has been amazing. >> The plants around here, some of them just >> they don't like it. So sad. >> Oh no. Disney's going to have to Everybody's going to have to replant a bunch of stuff. >> Yeah, you're going have to replant. >> Even the grass looks sad, but I think that'll come back. >> My grass is dead, but it'll come back. >> Whole neighborhood is all just brown. >> It looks like the West when they're in a drought. >> Yes. >> Well, or the north. The grass dies every year up there, but it's used to it. >> It hibernates. >> Goes dormant. Yeah. Yeah. >> Snow over. Yeah. Yeah. The first time I came here with her, I said, "You wouldn't believe it here in the winter, but it does get very cold." I' been coming here >> and I said I've been here when temperatures are in the 20s and it's like you don't believe it but it's true >> and so now that we live here well here we are >> and I I I told everybody there's some validity like obviously I was in New York last week I was like yes it's definitely colder >> it smacks you right in the face for sure it >> sure does it but when you're out in it for hours yeah it's cold >> we were I was only able to stay with Liam in the snow for about 20 minutes and I said okay we're good because the windshill was - 7. And I was like, and I'm done. >> You got the face mask and the snow >> when there's snow on the ground. >> Yeah, it it's supposed to be cold. >> But not like this. Crunchy snow. >> It was right. It was not a fun snow. It was a crunchy icy snow. >> I like the sound of it. >> I told the kids >> it was so hard they could slide down the hills with no sled on their bottoms. They could just sit down and slide. That's how hard the snow was. Yeah. Not a good idea. >> Your snowmobile suit like we used to have remember. >> Oh my brings back memories. >> Oh wow. >> Oh yeah. Indiana people. So you know >> that's why we moved. >> Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. >> Not bad. >> Bring out my Indiana coat for a while. This isn't my Indiana. I have a big long >> I left I left my uh I I took my my Indiana coat to New York, but I left it at home tonight. >> I wore it last weekend when Dale and I were out. Oh, so cool. >> Well, you were out for a long time. >> We were hours. Yeah. >> Yeah. It is It's amazing how cold it gets here. But I was aware of that. >> Yeah. >> But it's it's shortlived. We're we're we're into spring by like end of February, so it'll be fine. >> It's hard to complain. >> Yeah. >> We better We better We better get down the road. But it's good to see you guys. >> All right. Take care. >> Okay. >> Good to see you. >> Good to see you, too. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Bye guys. >> Thanks for stopping by. >> Oh, you're welcome. >> Yeah, we we cafe there. >> Well, thank you. >> Bye, guys. >> Bye. >> Bye. >> Bye, Mom and Dad. >> Safe travels. >> Back and get warm. >> I think we're going to go home and turn on the heater. >> There you go. >> In the car. >> Sounds good. >> All right. That's that way. >> That's this way. >> Yeah. If we go that way. >> Go this way, but it'll be a while. >> It looks like it does go all the way around it. Huh? >> It does now. >> Oh, to ever. Yeah. Okay. Okay. >> It's a scenic ride. >> All right. Bye everybody. >> Bye. >> You're good. >> I think I'm good. Yeah. >> Okay. Just please. >> No, I think I'm okay. >> Thank you. Love you guys. >> Love you. Bye. >> Yeah, there was um so behind the wall is the construction for Tropical Americas over here. And um yes, the temperature of the thermometer doesn't look cold yet, but you can feel the breeze coming in. >> When the breeze hits, it's cold. But right now, I with my coat, I'm okay. >> Yeah. So, anyway, uh let's see. Did you get your annual passholder magnet? No, I haven't really. Okay, you did. >> It's Zootopia. >> Hi, guys. Please tell dad that a lot of us train guys really appreciate the Christmas setup with Liam. Oh, yeah. Yeah. We We were thinking we were over there one night and I was like, let's do a video about it. Or was it Liam's idea? I don't know. It may have been Liam's idea. Either way, >> we wanted everybody to do a video for a while. Yeah. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed it. All of our trained people and a lot of people, even if they're not trained people, loved it, too. So, it was good. It was good to see either way. Um, but no, do you get did a good I can't talk. They did a good job with it. >> Did you bring some gloves? >> No, it's not cold enough for that. >> Yes, it is. >> I don't need gloves until it gets down to like below freezing. >> Nope. I need >> I did need them when we were in New York, for sure. >> Our flight is in 10 hours. Can't wait to spend a week at home. Nice. This is where you would turn and go down to get to dinosaurs, right? >> Yes. Yes. Just >> obviously it's not >> couple days ago. >> Yeah. This week went really fast cuz we went straight from New York straight into a whole strong long week. >> Strong long week. >> It's a strong long week. >> Did you get the passholder retreat? I don't know about that. >> No, it was ice cream. >> Oh, >> it's not really ice cream kind of weather. >> Not ice cream weather. Yeah. >> For me, >> it got it's gotten into the 60s in the afternoon. So, it's been nice in the sun for sure. It was when I sat in the sun this afternoon. I got warm. >> Yeah. >> But now the sun's setting. >> Yeah. >> Yes. Yes. >> I wondered if this would still be open. It makes sense that >> Oh, yeah. No, they wouldn't close Nemo. This will hold It's a >> Well, I just mean the path. >> Oh, the path. Yeah. Well, otherwise you'd have to go all the way around. It' be That'd be Yeah, I'm glad they kept this open. >> The map shows this and then if you look Well, you can look at it on your app. It shows this and then nothing else. I'm sad I didn't take a picture of it before they >> I know >> took it off the map. >> I'm sure it's out there. >> I'm sure >> on the interwebs. Here. There you go. That's what it looks like now. >> Okay. >> There's a dinosaur on that post right there. >> Yeah. >> See those? Shh. >> Don't tell them. They're going to take it down. >> My dino. That's not your dino. Hope the stream's going well. Thanks, Jacob. >> Yeah. So, >> it's one of those nice dinos. >> Yeah. >> But that's a cold ride right now. >> I was going to say I may end up going on it cuz that's about all we can ride right now. >> I'm going to skip that one. Doesn't like my stomach. >> No. But I will wait for you. >> I will wait. I will. No other option. >> That is true. >> You forgot one. He said Christopher says yeah. Don't tell them. Don't tell him. >> Tell anybody. >> Everybody. Mom's the word. >> You're done. >> You're done. >> He's not going to make it. Oh, wait. >> No, he did. still looking on track for a fall 2027 opening for the steel building for the Encanto ride. Yeah, it probably will be like a trackless dark ride or something. That's what somebody was saying in the chat. I I agree with that. >> I think that'll be awesome. We need more dark rides. >> I agree with that. Ter John says I need gloves at 49, not 50. >> I need gloves right now. I need them. Well, it's weird because if I don't think the thermometer like the temperature is never really quite super accurate around here because the wind will start to blow in and you can tell it's getting cooler, but I feel like whatever the weather people say the temperature on the Apple app or whatever, it just adjusts to whatever they thought it was going to be and not exactly like what it is. >> They're like, "Oh, we thought it was going to be this, so that's what it is." >> There's never I don't feel like they actually measure it sometimes >> cuz you're like, "It's got to be cooler now." >> Right up. Yeah. >> Anyway, um >> I agree. >> We're gonna go. I don't know. Sometimes the signal on this is wonky, sometimes not, but we'll we'll try it. >> I will be. >> It doesn't look like it's that long. It's okay. >> Yeah. >> So, all right. I'll be back. >> Oh, and we can't do safari because it closed at 5:15. We were Jen and mom and dad were eating dinner at that point. So, we couldn't >> We couldn't have run out. We would have made It would have been we would have had to make it in one minute when we we looked at I was like I wonder when it closes and it was 5:14 and 5:15 was when it closed. Wait. >> Bye. >> Okay. Well, I think it's the same thing here. This is the single over here. Hello. >> So, hi everybody. And again, very very sorry that I messed up the not putting the stream live thing that It's frustrating, >> but >> we're all doing our best. >> I'm glad you found it. >> I'll do better next time. I'll tell you. We still got the notification when it started. That's good. I'm glad I didn't see the Muppet, so I didn't have any time. But I I will be watching it at some point. We cut all our streaming services except Disney Plus. But we should be uh we should be able to see this one since we did we did keep Disney Plus. That's moving pretty good. Got him in the 50s. That wasn't too bad. Hey, Live Place. How are you? >> Good to see you. >> Yeah, I got into the 50s. I think I got actually in the 60s here. Maybe where you maybe you're you're in a different place. 78 days. Nice. So, I'll be live tomorrow morning. I'll get the I'll get the announcement better, but I will be live tomorrow morning at um around 9:30 probably. That's right, Christopher. Hey, Princess Kristen. I'm in line for Everest. One of the only rides we can ride because everything else is super busy. I'm in the single rider. Safari closed at 5:15. So then we're going to head over after this to probably Pandora to show it at night. We might be able to do Na'vi River Journey. We'll see cuz it is um 35 minutes right now, but it's probably going to go down. We'll see. Oh, in Clarksville. Okay. Yeah, I definitely am. I will. >> Can you tell Jo I was thinking about her the other day how she can make a phone case with Chloe's picture. Oh, yeah. Oh, thank you. Yeah, I'm sure that uh that would be I'm sure she'd like that. I don't know, you know, how everybody feels differently. Like some people want, you know, to see the the, you know, obviously the the pet that has passed away or the, you know, the lost pet, but some people may not want the reminder all the time on the phone case. I don't know. That's a good question. I think it's good. Everybody's different about the way they they grieve. For sure. Is there a drunk show? I don't really know. Probably not. Not here. Oh, they have them in Africa, but they're during the day, I believe. Not at night like this. I mean, I could be wrong, but I don't think so. Is Liam's play soon? Yes, he's uh it's in May. He's uh he's in Descendants. His part is he plays Maurice in Descendants, plus a couple other he plays a couple other um like, you know, one-off characters, but Maurice is his main role. We're at Animal Kingdom right now. Tomorrow will be at Magic Kingdom. You never pass. >> Taking a little while. Actually surprised the park has held out the uh crowds as much as it has since it closes in just a few minutes. But >> yep, just go Yeti Catalina. So, I did put out a new video uh the other day. I've been trying to do something a little bit different. Um just like finding really cool things from our live streams and posting them as separate clips. So, this was the one uh the best shortcut to beat the crowds after fireworks. Just posting and I have one I have one going up tomorrow, too. just posting some cool stuff just to maybe help you guys out and um put on, you know, some some different um tips and tricks and make them in a separate video cuz it's hard to find a tip or a trick in the middle of a 4-hour live stream or something. garage. I think 36. The lightning lane's pretty empty and a little bit museum here. Oh yeah. When does the Olympics are the Olympics already start? Somebody said they've been watching curling. That's fun. Always love the skiing and the figure skating. Yeah. Yeah, I won't be doing Saturday night at Magic Kingdom like I normally do. Somebody said they love Magic Kingdom at night. I do too. But uh we have um our uh really good friends. Their son is having a birthday and Liam is it's his best friend and so we are um going to go and hang out and enjoy. So we're excited. So I'll be live tomorrow morning and then evening I'll be with the with the family and friends >> now. Cool. When's the um is the opening ceremony now? >> Oh, curling hockey started Wednesday. Okay, cool. my best. >> I love that Olympic theme. It's a good theme. >> Two. Just one second here. >> My two years of them. How many? >> Just one second. >> How many? Oh, just one thing. Just follow them. How many? Follow them. >> How many? Follow them. How many? >> Yeah. Octave is really cool. Yeah, John, I've watched some box. They're fun. This American um Voices of Liberty, American Adventure. They're so good. >> 12 and 13. 12 and 13. >> Yeah. So, it's um really good video. A really good group. We really enjoyed the ac capella this weekend at um what do you call it >> at the Sing Strong event that we went to. It was so fun. So this opening ceremony already um already happened because yeah, of course it's in Italy, right? So they're what five six hours ahead of us. So yep, it makes sense. Just outside Morirana. Yes, it was. Yeah, it was composed by John Williams. That's right. Pretty sure you're really good. John Williams is the best. Oh, the opening ceremony is cool. That's awesome. I can't wait. We love archive. I've seen it for sure. Here we go. You ready? >> Okay. So chill very Just enough That was going fast. Okay guys, don't be happy. Heat. Heat. I end up All right, we made it. It's pretty cool. >> Pretty cool. It's a fun ride. Only lagged a little bit at the top, so I'm glad we got it. >> Glad we made it. It was fun. Super duper fun. >> Good. Let's see. I think we got it. Hi. >> How are you? >> Good. How are you? >> Good. Great. >> Always fun. >> Single line. Did you single a single rider? >> Yeah, it took about I don't know 15 minutes maybe. >> Oh, okay. Yeah, that's good. >> Yeah, that's a little you know it's a little wind going out there but Well, yeah. But but you know, it's it's worth the adventure. >> Yes, for sure. >> If you're here, you might as well. >> Yes, for sure. No, it was it was great. >> Glad to know. >> So, we uh so we saw Jenna, so we just thought we'd say hi. >> Yeah. >> I'm Blair. >> Yes. >> You may remember. >> I do. >> This is Carol. >> So, just it's nice to see you guys. >> Nice to see you again as well. >> Nice to see you. >> Sorry to miss your folks. We saw them earlier on. >> Yeah. Yeah. They were they were ready to go warm up. Well, yeah. You know, it's >> unseasonably >> chilly, but we were saying to Jenna, you know, perspective is everything. So, we live in Massachusetts, >> right? >> So, you know, it's it's been it's been in single digits this weekend. It's it's going to be minus, you know, minus zero. So, yeah. So, this is this is great. >> No, it's when we got when I got off I was in New York this past weekend. When we got off the plane, it was like 37. And I told Liam, I was like, I mean, it's chilly, but it feels much better. Cuz when in when I was in New York, it was single digits and below zero windchills. And it's like that has a way of just I looked down at one point, I was like, I think I still have jeans on. Like it just blows right through you. >> Yeah. Yeah. Well, and in New York in particular, those wind tunnels between all the tall buildings just make it that much more difficult. >> We were out Yeah. We were out on Long Island, so it wasn't. But still the Okay. But still I still think because you're that close to the ocean, you get the breeze and then it's a cold ocean breeze. >> Comes off the ocean. Yeah, >> for sure. >> Yeah, you too. >> Nice to see you guys. >> Thank you. And I I wanted to say thank you for all the things that you guys do for the Give Kids the World. >> That was fun. Yeah, >> I bid on this guy at the at the silent auction. That was the that was the uh >> Yeah. Yeah. Well, well, and you know, it's it's it's a fun thing to have. >> Sure. Sure. You're not in the club, but it's a funny thing to have and it you know, you feel like you're doing a lot of things. >> Yeah. Oh, 100%. You get something cool and you help somebody out at the same time. >> Absolutely. >> Yeah, for sure. >> Okay, you guys. We'll let you uh get back to what you do. Very nice to see you. Have a good night. Bye, guys. >> All right. So, I'm going to hand it to you for a minute. >> Get myself reconfigured here. >> All right. >> Hey, everybody. >> I'd say it works pretty well. >> Good. I'm glad I did. >> So, you can't see everything, but I >> thought maybe we'd head towards Pandora. We might be able to get Na'vi calms down. We might be able to get on that. Or if not, we can just walk around Pandora. >> Yeah. Show the pretties. >> I guess we can go this way probably if >> Yeah, let's Yeah, we haven't been that way yet, so the same either way. might as well welcome in if you're just joining us. Happy Friday night. Uh >> but they also disco yet Yeti. We always >> Yes, you got to love him. 299 from uh Rich says, "Hippo character waves goodbye with the words next time behind him." Thank you so much, Rich. Thank you. Thank you for the 299 super chat. Hi, Tony. You know what's funny? The day after Dinosaur closed, you know how Universal likes to get their little digs in there. Yeah. >> The day after Dinosaur closed, they put a post up and said, "Don't worry, we still have plenty of dinosaurs." >> They're always going at Disney. Always always going at Disney. Although Disney could totally >> I think they're closing it, but Disney could totally go after them for that horrible Fast and Furious ride. >> Oh, totally. Yeah, 100%. >> Disney could go after Universal and be like, "We can make a ride without a screen." Or they could they could be like, you know, our Avengers campus is a little bit better than whatever that is over there. >> Yeah. No, but Disney wouldn't do that. >> No, they don't do that. Hi, Kit. Hi, Pamela. But I just I think it's funny and it's all in good fun. >> Yeah, >> but yeah. >> No, >> they also I don't know if you follow um MCO on Instagram. I do. Well, we do cuz we're the same account. But um their thing came up a couple days before Dinosaur closed and they did a whole reenactment of Dinosaur at the airport. It was such a good hilarious. >> They did one for Muppets, too. >> Did they really? >> They had like older guys like Statler and Walder at the top of the balcony. Oh, hit it up to six on the bit right now. Turn it up. >> Well, if you haven't seen it, you have to go check check it out on MCL. >> Let me see if I can pull this up on Facebook. >> Hang on. I can't get this to click. These gloves are supposed to be, you know how it is. >> Yeah. >> Hey, mister. There we go. Let me see. >> Come on, gloves. You got this. >> I actually saved this video. >> It was of Dr. Seeker. Um, but it's a whole thing. Check this out. Have you seen this? >> For decades, the Dino Institute has the impossible piercing of time itself to study creatures long. And for just as long I pushed the limits of what was safe, what was sanctioned, and what was wise. >> Hi Ally. >> You knew the risks. So did I. >> Anyway, I'll let you watch the rest of it later. But it goes into a whole story. >> Like they made up this whole story on like how he had to stay behind cuz the time portal got unstable. >> Oh wow. >> So it was an AI video somebody made. That's amazing. So obviously the real the real like the real Dr. Seeker the actor who played him was there at the closing >> um the day after cast member thing. Yeah. >> And obviously he doesn't look like that anymore. >> Oh, that's pretty. Oh, that's a great picture. >> No, exactly. He's a lot older now. That is beautiful. First time in the chat. Well, hello. >> Welcome in. >> Welcome in from Argentina. We met Jenna and your mom the other day at Epcot. We were playing the games in the park. Oh, fun. Oh, that's right. Yes. Good to meet you guys. Hey, Regina. Hey, Zelina. Pixie Dust Seniors. Welcome in everybody. Josh's getting some thumbnails over here. Thanks for 2,000 in the chat. We appreciate you guys being here. >> Hi Karen. Hey Noel. >> Hi Ann. Jedi Master. >> Phil. >> It is nice seeing Animal Kingdom at night. We don't get to see it at night very often. >> To get my thumbnail pictures in. I never get enough thumbnails here. >> No, exactly. >> Yeah. You probably don't get over here a lot because I come during the day in the week. During the week, I barely get over here. >> Yeah. Somebody said I should early for locals. >> Go tomorrow morning. >> Hi, Tracy. >> And I thought about going tomorrow morning, but by the time I like instead of coming tonight, but by the time I get here tomorrow morning, it's going to be already everything's going to be totally busy. Yeah, I know. You got to get here right at opening >> or 7:30. >> Uhhuh. >> Because of the resort desk. >> Oh, you're right. You're right. >> So, you just have no chance if you don't get >> I mean, you can always do the safari in the morning cuz everybody goes to Flight of Passage, >> right? Um or Everest. Let's see here. >> So, lack of motivation to come over here when I know it's going to be super busy. >> Oh, totally. >> For in the morning, I mean. >> Yeah. Hi, Bonnie. >> All right. >> Hi, Plymouth Rock. Happy Friday. >> Yeah. A lot of things are already closed. All the animal paths are closed. Anything that has to do with animals is closed right now. >> Yeah. This is a totally like >> cuz they're they're sleeping. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Yep. But, you know, they used to keep it open late and they would have the show out, the rivers of light out there. >> I don't know why they don't do that anymore. And they can still have the animal stuff closed. They've got Maybe once the new area opens, maybe they'll keep it open later cuz there'll be more riding to keep it open later for a while, but they didn't. >> Yeah, I know. Well, they did until 2020 hit. >> Yeah. >> And then they didn't after that. >> Hello, if you can dream it. Hello, Chris. How are you today? >> With a really lack of rides here, this is the busiest I've seen at this late at night. >> Yes, agreed. >> Yep. Um I asked Josh a few minutes ago about his feelings about uh VTave. >> Oh, Vaku. Yeah, >> Vive. It's a group. Yeah. >> Oh, okay. Sorry, I'm not sure who that is. Uh have you ever watched any of their music? >> So, he's asking you, I guess. >> Okay. I I'm sorry. I don't know who they are. the question two or three times. So I hope >> I don't know who they are, so no I have not. >> They're Voices of Liberty people. >> Oh, well I know Voices of Liberty. I've watched them, but I've not watched them outside of Disney called >> Vak then. No, I'm sorry. I haven't >> It's really really good. David was the one that sent me a lot of it. I had heard of it until David sent it to me. >> Uh but a lot of the groups we watched this weekend were acappella >> or not all of them were. Sorry. All of them. >> All of them. Yeah. That was the whole point. Right. >> Right. We gather to welcome the light and the special magic it brings. >> What's happening >> here? Under the spreading branches of the tree of life, the spirits of the animals come alive, sharing their stories for us to experience and remember them. We welcome to embrace this magic and all of nature's wonders as we awaken through the night. What? What? >> Yeah. Hi, Jeffy. Goofy. >> I don't think it does anything on this side. >> Apparently, >> it should. >> I know. >> Time to wait a second. Either way, it's pretty. Oh, maybe not. >> Sorry, guys. Well, >> I seen the Maybe the projector. There is a projector on this side. I've seen it. >> Yeah, >> it wasn't that time. I guess >> maybe they weren't even Oh. Something's happening. >> It's working. >> Hang on, guys. Let me turn the light the sun down so you can see it better. >> It's doing something. Can you help me out here? Come on. Come on. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Wow. Wow. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yay! That was awesome. >> That was it. Okay. >> Yep. Apparently, I've got to take these gloves off cuz they were working a second ago and now Oh, here we go. Here we go. Got to really touch it. There we go. I did it. Come on. I was trying to zoom, but it wasn't working. So, thanks to Josh for the help. Hi, Jose. Hi, Edwin. And I didn't have another hand to take the gloves off, so We just went with it. But that was nice. I don't remember seeing that before. I know it's not new, but I just don't remember it. Hi, Michelle. Hi, Teresa. >> All right. Well, we have Josh. We have 8 minutes. >> So, we better hustle to Pandora. >> Otherwise, they're going to close the path. >> That That sure will probably get clean. Actually, not not properly. >> It will. I thought of that the whole time we were showing it. >> Oh, well. >> Too late now. >> Okay. >> Oh, you're welcome, Regina. It was pretty, wasn't it? Very nice. Hi, Todd. >> Okay, we can go the back way. >> Yep. >> That'll be the quickest. >> I'll follow you. >> Okay. Luckily, there's not a lot of I was going to say there's not a lot of traffic. >> People traffic. >> It is fun to be here when it's dark because you don't get to do that very often. >> No, it is peaceful here when it's dark. >> Yeah. I wish that's one thing about in the summer I wish it was open later, too, because not only is it pretty, it's cooler >> in the summer when it's dark. >> 100% the hottest part. >> Mhm. >> But that being said, it's definitely not the coldest. >> No. >> That's Epcot. >> Yes. because of the big giant lagoon in the middle. >> Yeah, there's no wind >> wind block. >> Well, here there's a lot of wind block from the trees and foilage. >> Yes. >> Can we go that way? I think we can. >> Oh, okay. Just kidding. We better hustle. We're not going to make it. >> It's funny. It's not even closed yet. >> I know. >> Usually they don't start blocking the path until it's like >> Yeah, we still have 6 minutes. Oh, well. until it's like closed. >> Should have been like, "We're trying to make it to Flight of Passage." Oh, well, I'll do it. All good. We'll still maybe >> Oh, we can get in there. >> Make it. We're not going to make it. >> That's weird though. Like you said, usually this park is the very early close. But if it closes at 7:00, why can't you walk into the land, >> right? >> Cuz you could theoretically get on a ride before >> Well, yeah, cuz we would have gotten through that way much quicker than this way, >> right? >> All good. Hey, look, Starbucks is open. >> Yep. That's Yeah. In Magic Kingdom, they did finally start having it open a half an hour later. >> Yeah. Yeah. That's good. Okay. Good, man. Cuz they're losing a lot of money right there. Remember how busy that line would be at the end of the night? >> And and then like I remember standing there cuz for a while they were closing at half an hour before the park at 10:30. >> I remember that. >> And then people I I went in to get services and told him I said I watched like probably just in the span of a couple minutes like 50 people trying to get in there. >> That's a lot of money. just for a couple minutes without watch. >> Yeah. Take $6 to $7 times 50 cuz most people are going to spend more than seven. But >> six or seven. >> But Jar's on a six or seven kick today. >> I am on a six or seven. >> She said there were six or seven water slides. >> Yeah, that's right. Well, you know, six or seven. It's a thing. All right. We're almost there, guys. We are almost there. Hello, James. How are you tonight? >> Okay. >> I'm glad they do that show on the tree, though. >> Me, too. >> It's nice. Yeah, it's >> kind of reminiscent of Rivers of Light a little bit. It's very similar music. >> I was going to say I know it's not new, but to me it was new because I don't remember it. >> Yeah, >> the music is very nice. >> You're hustling at Joshua. Good for you. >> I'm trying. Otherwise, we're not going to make it. >> It also keeps you warmer. Yes. This is true. >> Well, at least we can get over this path. >> Yeah. >> No, we're we're we're >> Hi, David. I didn't see you there. How are you? I'll follow you. >> Okay. >> Look how many people are here. >> I know. >> Totally keep this open till late. >> It's crazy how many people are here. >> You could almost say, "Okay, if it's empty, fine." >> Yeah. >> Back here where the rides are still open. It's busy. >> Yeah. It's packed. >> You know what they used to do safari at night? >> Yes. It was kind of weird though cuz there weren't a lot of animals out. Well, >> they had to take almost all of them out to see Here, I'm going hand this to you so I can either take my gloves off or do something so I can turn it. >> Well, you don't want it down too far. But yeah, I think that's about right right there. >> Okay, >> there we go. Oh, 24,00 people in the chat. Welcome in. >> They just recently redid this ground. >> Oh, that's nice. >> So, I'm glad we're able to see it. >> Yeah, >> you can tell cuz this side's not as bright. >> Right. >> Probably. Well, they really put a lot of paint down there. >> How fun would that be? >> Oh, yeah. >> Well, especially Yeah. You can just paint wherever. >> Are you right? >> Let's just Let's just see what the line looks like for Na'vi. >> We can enjoy the pretties, too, but I just wanted to see what it looked like. Uh, >> it looks pretty long. I do kind of have to use the restroom, so that maybe may not be a good idea. Especially if it's >> We have 3 minutes to get in line. >> 30. >> Let's see how far back it goes cuz you know sometimes at the end of the night they >> Yeah, >> they overestimate the lines a little bit. >> Enjoy the land. >> No, for sure. >> We once we get out, we'll have to go. >> 35. >> Yep. >> It won't be 35, but that's fine. It'll probably be somewhat long. Look, it's >> Yeah, I still can't see. It's fine. I kind of have to go to the bathroom. We'll we'll try it a different time. >> Where? >> There's his head. He's holding up that mountain. >> Nice. >> Do you see it? >> Yeah. >> You want to go first? You want me to go? I don't care. Yeah. >> Yeah. Guys, sorry. I don't think we're going to do it tonight cuz it looks like it's kind of busy and we both have to use the restroom. A no animal closes at 7:00 tonight, >> right? That's what I looked at when I saw the other day. >> Maybe they have an extra hour. >> Well, for resorts maybe like this. I'm like, well, I have >> Yeah. So pretty. Okay. >> Thanks. >> All right. I will be right back. >> No, you can go. >> My app is locked up. The app is horrible lately. >> It was good for a while. I don't know what they how they broke it. Maybe it's my phone. I haven't updated my phone yet. So, maybe that's the problem. All right. Let me I'm trying to get to the No, it's seven. It is seven. Okay. Hey, David. I'm thinking you'll be warmer than us this weekend. High of eight and low of two or minus two. Oh my gosh, David, that's crazy. Yes. No, we're warming up this weekend. It's not too bad. And actually, the wind has died down now, so it actually feels pretty good. So, that's good. Oh yeah, John. It was nice when it was open. It was open till 9 quite a bit for a while there. Especially Yeah, especially after Pandora opened. I love these little areas back here. I think it still could be lit a little bit more, but like I said, it's not open long enough to enjoy it anyway. Sorry, I'm not trying to be so negative. I think I'm just having one of those days where, you know, everything's just like I feel less positive about things than normal, I think, for some reason. Not just this, but like everything. So, sorry. I'm not trying to come off negative. It is pretty. Oh, looks like it's all roped off. Sometimes you can walk back there, but all the chains are up, so I don't want to I don't want to go around the chains, so I'll look from here. >> You're welcome, Disney Magic Princess. Oh yeah, David, >> that Spanish teacher still having issues, man. Somebody needs to take care of that. Always as a teacher, it makes me mad when teachers don't do a good job. I'm not saying I'm always perfect, but you know, you have to be willing to be flexible when you're a teacher. Oh yeah, Disney wedding at night would be great. Like in the warmer month. Yes. The pod things look too close to the things alien. I know, right? Let's walk over this way so we're not too far from Jenna. It's going to be hard for her to find us if if uh we get too far in here in the jungle. The jungles of Pandora. At least we get to explore a little more now. Oh, David, I totally would. After talking to after talking to Izzy the other night, I was like ready to I was like ready to go stick up for in the in front of the principal or whoever. You just let me know. I'm going to make a call. We take care of our friends, that's for sure. So pretty. But David, now I sound like I'm from Long Island, right? Come make a call. Dave was talking about how many people we live here with the Long Island accent. Actually, not that many. just our our lift driver. Educators are the bestest people most of the time. Like I said, I'm sure charge of principal, you feel the same way. When somebody isn't, then it's like it almost feels like it's our responsibility as teachers to like pull them back into the into the fold, so to speak. You know, like, hey, this is remember, we're this about the kids. We're doing this for the kids. That's what it's about. the the broom over swept. Why was it late to school? That's awesome. >> All right. >> My hands keep cracking cuz it's been so dry here. >> Hey, Leaf. Yep. Josh Dear is the CEO for Disney starting in March. That'll be cool. >> It's exciting. Exciting that we've actually met him. >> We met him. Yeah. That's >> a couple times. I have. >> Somebody asked if we met. I only met him once. Where you met him? >> I met him randomly at Epcot one day, too. >> Oh, Dale and I we just saw him. Yeah. >> Did you guys say hi? >> We did. We got a picture. Nice. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> I never met I never met Bob Iger. Me neither. Nope. >> Somebody was like, "Why >> we saw Jayek once?" >> Well, yeah. Did Did both of us? >> I thought for the 50th. >> Oh, yeah. No, we we saw him. We didn't say anything. >> No, I didn't say hi. >> But that was the same night at the 50th. We we also got pictures with the uh Disney president. >> Oh, yes. Jeff. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. >> So, yeah. >> Yeah. >> What was that? Um >> the 50th. >> The 50th. Yeah, that was the 50th. But no, that's what we Somebody else got pictures with Bob Jek and Bob Irons. That was with the Bobs. >> With Bobs. For sure. >> With the Bobs. Okay. >> All right. I'll just wonder. >> That's what I did. >> Okay. I'll wonder where he went. No, I'm just kidding. I know where he went. >> Such a pretty land, especially at night. Welcome in everybody. Thanks for 2400 people in the chat. Almost 2500. Getting close to 700 likes. Wow, it's so pretty. All the important people. Yes. Is there no? Not really. But yeah. Oh, that's funnier than ever. Cool leaf. That's amazing. Heat. Heat. We were at the grand opening of the last Epcot fireworks at the barges. They were all there. Oh, interesting. Well, we were there. I didn't think I don't remember seeing them, but hey, Tinker Bell. We never got to see it at night. Oh my goodness. It's gorgeous, isn't it? Mike, that's funny. Hi, Disney Magic Princess. I got to look where I'm going. You could really fall if you're not really looking. That's a great tip right there, guys. You could really fall if you're not looking. Tips for Jenna. They should. Joey's world. I agree with this. I love the ambient noises that they have going on here. in Pandora. That's right. Tips and tricks. Oh, this is outdoors. Yeah. No, that's not a stupid question at all cuz Disney does make outdoor things that are indoors or it looks like outdoors but are indoors. So, no, not a silly question at all. Keep those tips coming. All right. And for my next tip, my friend was there. Was there escort around Epcot? And I was not happy with that show. Apparently, he gave the direction a week later for it to be taken down and replaced like the music, nothing else. So, wait, Luminous cuz Luminous is still there. And I don't think it changed singing or harmonious. Which one are we talking about? Hi, Aaron. All right. You don't want to go too far cuz it's kind of hard to find people when it's this dark. >> Let's go through here. I always have the best tips. >> A thank you Disney magic princess. So see >> I missed it. Are we talking about harmonious or what are we talking about? Is that what Josh said? That's funny. I said, "I got to come back otherwise Josh wasn't going to find me." Because it's kind of hard to find people at night. And somebody said, "That's what Josh said." >> And I did say, "Yep, I did say exactly that." >> That's hilarious. Oh, too funny. Uh, harmonious Igger liked the music, but nothing else and was super mad that the barges were there all day long and ruined the sightelines. Gotcha, David. Well, that's that was our >> smart guy >> complaint as well. Yeah, >> it was a cool show. I liked the show. >> The music was great. >> So, apparently >> to me it was too much going on for me. >> Well, I liked it. But I will say the guy >> but I love the the meaning of it and I love the music. >> So, what was interesting was the guy um a couple people that we know that worked in fireworks, somebody I worked with and also somebody we've met both said the original intention was to take those barges back, but there's just not enough room back there. >> Yeah. >> Behind because it looks like there's a ton of room, but there's not. There's not. >> And they couldn't get the budget for expanding the waterway back there. >> Yeah. >> So, yes. Actually, originally they were going to remove them, but they couldn't. >> But they couldn't do it. So, >> couldn't do it. Yeah. Gotcha. Uh, Pixie Dust Senior sent a $20 super chat. Says, "Super cool stream, guys. We love it." Thank you so much, Pixie Dust Senior. Very kind of you guys. Thanks for being here. Where's my favorite park to shop? Ooh, that's hard. Okay, so here's another tip. I was doing tips with Jenna. I didn't mean to. I said, you know, you could really fall if you're not looking. >> Tips for Jenna. That is true. >> That's not just here. That anywhere. >> That's anywhere. Yeah, that was a great tip. >> It's just in. >> If you're not looking, you could fall. >> Here's another tip. This is a good tip, though, for shopping at Disney. So, somebody was asking where my favorite park to shop is. My favorite park to shop in is probably Magic Kingdom. But if you're looking for something that has been sold out at the other parks, come to Animal Kingdom cuz sometimes you can find it here or you can find more of the sizes here. >> That is true. >> This isn't as busy as the other parks, >> especially not for shopping. >> Yep. So, there you go. There's a shopping tip. Hi, Evan. Hello. Hello. All right. They do remove the barges uh for Luminous. Yes, correct. Most of the time. Sometimes they're out there pretty early, but sometimes they're not. Just depends on the day. All right, guys. We are getting so close to 1,000 likes. We're almost to 800. So, let's keep boopping. >> The like button. >> Speaking of shops, we should go in one before we go. >> Yeah. No, we got plenty. >> Plenty of time. >> Love it. Corey Rupre says, "True that, Jenna." I love it. I haven't said that in forever. True that. >> Yeah. >> This or that. >> This or that. Well, let's go in this one cuz it looks like a good one to go in. >> It is. >> Uh-huh. >> Agreed. Love that tip. Thank you. Oh, you're welcome. For sure. All right. Well, we just saw the show. Unless you want to see it again, but >> there's different ones. >> Oh, is it different? Okay. >> There's like three or four different ones. >> Oh, I thought that was only at Christmas. >> What do you want? >> No. Okay. >> Oh, there they are. They're all copyrighted, but they're they're three or four different ones. >> Gotcha. Gotcha. >> I think they are all like the Rivers of White Music. >> Oh, I think that's what it shows up as. >> And that makes sense cuz it really sounded familiar to me, but I couldn't place it. >> Yep, that's what it is. >> Oh, look at him. Look how cute he is. He's all in the heart. >> A I love how he's always biting everything. >> Yeah. >> So cute. All right. Oh, guys, guess what? They do have ear holders now forever. We did not have these and they had them at Tokyo Disney. Super smart idea because, you know, sometimes the ears start to hurt or you want to switch to a beanie if it's getting cold outside. So, I'm glad they start selling them cuz people were buying them on eBay from Tokyo or Etsy. So, I'm glad we finally have some. These are new. They're adorable, but I already have two pairs of pink ears, so I really don't need them. But they're really cute. And look, they have tiny little backpacks to go with your big backpacks. >> Nice. >> $25 for >> Oh my gosh. $25. >> You can put your chapstick in there. >> Oh, does it actually open? >> Uh-huh. It's a zipper. >> Wow. >> They're really cute. They are lounge. >> It's a missed opportunity not to put this next to the one that it actually goes in. >> I know, right? >> Yeah. Like this one. See, this goes here. >> Yes. >> Mhm. I Well, this one I don't think they sell anymore, but I have it at home. >> Yeah. >> So, I guess I kind of need it. >> But I don't really want to spend $25. >> Nope. On something that would be really easy to >> Here's another one. >> Yeah. >> Well, >> something that would be really easy to lose. >> It's a keychain, so hopefully it would stay on. >> Yeah. >> Dad was here the other day when mom and I were at Epcot and he texts us. He goes, "Well, I'm in the poo shop." It was just funny. This is cute. This is Loungefly. Little fanny pack here. Adorps. >> Got Art. >> Art. >> Art. >> Art the clown. Oh, wait. Friend of >> Yes. There's my hippopotamus. >> I told them the whole story of how Liam finally got me or somebody finally got me a hippopotamus for Christmas, and it was Liam. >> Yeah, it was. >> It was so cute. The cutest little hippo. He wanted me to open that first. He was like, "Open this first." >> Oh, yeah. He did. >> It was cute. >> Yeah. This is a really, really dramatic one I'm hearing right now. >> Did you want to? >> No, we're already too late now. We'll see you in a minute. >> Dramatic. A That's adorable. He's like, "Here, you want a carrot?" Hello, Tim. What's up? I told Tim to take his weather back today. He said they they had plenty. They don't need anymore. >> They didn't need anymore. He said they were good. >> They have some Zootopia Wishables. >> I can't wait till this one comes out on Disney Plus. The Zootopia 2. >> It's mine now. >> You know what's funny is that now they're selling these ducks, these Disney ducks. And you know how you on Disney cruises you used to be able to like look for them all over the ships? Well, now they don't allow you to put them around the ships, but now they sell them. >> So, they have the ducks, but you can't put them around the ship. >> As far as I know, the last time I heard something that you weren't you weren't allowed, but that's what I heard. I don't know. Maybe maybe it's allowed now. I'm not sure. Got all the Lion King stuff in here. >> Everything. everything. Let's go see what um build your own they've got. Oh, they have all of them. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. They've got this. Kind of need this. They've got the mini bow and they've got Mickey's hand to add to your build your own ears. All the Valentine ones are gone. Those went quick. >> Mhm. They went quick. FYI, look. Lock Lalottle. >> Axel. >> I know. I said Oh, look. They have the the different colored one. You don't usually see those. >> Oh, they even have the little hat thing. >> That is so cute. >> Axhatle. >> It's an axe of hatle. And look, a little mystery egg. Hatch and grow your own oxalottle. Okay, that's adorable. $14.99. So cute. I I wish they would get some of these here. >> Yeah. They could put them in They're little, right? You put them in an aquarium. >> They could put them in, you know, um when you're on one of the animal trails. I think it's the tiger. Yeah. >> And they have that indoor spot right there. They could put them there. >> Yeah. >> Classic Stitchy. Oh no. >> Sorry you've been sick. >> I don't think Josh is sick. He was just clearing his throat. >> Oh, this is cute. >> I hear that a lot. >> He does. This is cute. I haven't seen this yet. Safari. So good. That might be an ad to cart for me. $34.99. >> No, I've actually been to the doctor. Like I have They're going to try and get me some allergy stuff. >> It's all allergies. always have high right now. I saw it. >> Yeah. They're they're saying that they think they can Hold on. They're saying they think they can train me like with allergy >> uh med not meds, but like the serum that they give you all the stuff that you're allergic to. >> Oh. >> And like you eventually get more used to it. So I don't have this constant stuff sitting on my tonsils. Like I feel it. It just sits on my tonsils all the time. >> That's annoying. That's new. >> Yeah. >> And look, a hat. A safari hat with ears. Those are cute. And look, you can get your own um tree of life succulent. Wait, is it only $12.99? No way. I think these are $12.99. Josh, can you look at the bottom of that and tell me how much it is? >> Yep. >> I know it's not $12.99. There's no way. I think it's these 504.99. Yep. I didn't think so. Okay. >> So, I don't want to dump it upside down. >> Yeah. Hey, Mercedes. It's fake. So, >> Oh, it's >> I don't think they'd fall out, but Yeah. Oh, okay. No, those are fake. Look, this is new. Oh, and that's new. >> Liam has, by the way, I forgot Liam has the dinosaur time rover remote control car. >> That's what they were using at the um MCO. >> Oh, video. >> Yeah, video. It was hilarious. All right, I got to look at that one, too. That is really cute. I like the color. That shirt color and style is awesome. Cart. Yes. Add to cart. This is really fun. I love the color of it. I think it's um $36.99. That one's more interesting. Okay. Hello, Sean. How are you today, Josh? You know what's weird? Usually, they don't do the projections after park closed cuz they want to get you out of here. >> No, they do it here. They've always done it here, but never at Epcot. >> Really? Okay. >> I don't understand, but that's that is how it is. >> Okay. You want to do the next show? >> Yeah. Here we go. >> I'll hand it over to you. >> Okay. >> You want to get in here? It's massive. >> Somebody else like I'm Fine. >> Hello. Wow. Hallelujah. Yeah. Is it like a treehouse >> here, boys? See right here? I'm just going to bring you Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. There we go. >> Very nice. >> Now we can wait till one more. >> Yep. >> Um, >> how long do they do between? >> Just a It's like just a couple minutes. >> Okay, cool. So, that was one we saw earlier, we're pretty sure. And then um I remember it. Yeah. So, then um >> we'll um wait until the next one and see what it is. >> Hey, Tennessee bear. >> Oh, look. There's a tiger up there right now. >> Oh, yeah. How nice. >> Oh, sorry. Here. I should zoom so you can see it. Oh, your bronchitis. Oh, I'm sorry. I hope you feel better. The Reafster. I think that's how you say that. It took me a minute. Well, the their name there. It looks like their Savster, but I think it's the Reafster. The YouTube YouTube puts all the words together, so it's hard to tell how they go, but yes. >> I hope you feel better. >> Oh, it probably is Teresa. Teresa Veester. See, sorry, Teresa. Marie saved her. Sorry, >> I was >> Sorry, Teresa. No, you're probably right. You're probably right. That makes more sense. Sorry, Teresa. Now, I I hope that didn't make you laugh. You are cuz I bet your throat hurts. I'm sorry. >> Well, you have to tell everybody your new name now. >> That was funny. See, YouTube needs to go back to where cuz otherwise they would have had a space between her first name and her last name and I wouldn't have had any issues with that. >> It's literally one of the worst thing YouTube's ever done. >> I agree. >> Putting the chat together. >> No reason for it. >> Have to run out with my daughter. We'll catch up on the replay if we aren't back in time. Have a good night and stay warm. Yeah, for sure. Hooked on phonics. I know. Well, it's hard to do phonics when it's all in one word. recognize people's names are made up of >> blocked up. Yeah. >> The reaver new nickname. >> I was like, "Oh, yeah, that makes way more sense." Theresa Veester. >> I was like, I always >> I think she's already gone, so she she she may have to watch the replay then. >> I hope you feel better. Here we go. >> I don't want it. Okay, he's good. I got one. You better. Huh? >> Mhm. I think it go. Oh my happy. Oh god. Yes. Yes. I know. I saw it last. >> All right. >> Yep. It's very good music, Brit. >> Hey, Brit. >> How's it going? No, it's great. Very, very fun. But they um they do such a good job. It was from Rivers of Light. I remember it now cuz I've got we got uh claimed on it. But it's um >> what >> it is from Rivers of Light, but we definitely Yeah, we definitely got uh claimed on it, which is why I remember. But yeah, it's um very pretty. Very good. >> Closes. >> Oh, yeah. When does it close? >> One more. >> Uh >> I mean, I don't know when it closes. >> That was the one I heard. >> I think there's must be only three because I heard the other one earlier. >> Oh my god. >> Linder laughed so hard during your stream. Oh, >> the rea. Yeah, you said Teresa. I was like I looked I was like, "Yep, that makes a lot more sense. I feel better." Hey Blair, it was good to see you earlier. >> Second guessing myself. I was like, "Oh, maybe I was wrong." >> Let's see what the next one is and then we'll go. I think they this store is closed at 8. >> Okay, >> so then there still tons of people here, so it's not like we're the last people around. >> Not at all. >> Um yeah, Brit's saying hi to everybody. Good to see you, Brit. this warird war warb bird photos if you don't don't know here here's the next show >> or they turn the music off and say get out >> bye-bye >> nope move over here real quick >> friends it is time now to say good night to the fireflies and all of nature's wonders as they prepare for the new day to come. May the stories we've shared this evening open your eyes to all the wonders that await you wherever you may go. From all of us at Disney's Animal Kingdom, safe travels and good night. Heat. Heat. That's a cool one. Yeah. >> I mean, we're not going to >> David, you're so right. Animal Kingdom has a kids good night, but but Magic Kingdom doesn't. >> Maybe when they paint it back, >> maybe they'll do it. Yeah. >> All right. >> Magic. >> That one's really cool. Oh, it's very short, but the the crescendo and climax there is really cool. It's a very uh it's a very movie moment of like, oo, something really cool happened. >> You can get your magnet. >> Yeah. Oh, really? >> Right here. Or maybe it's done. I don't know. >> Uh okay. >> Oh, you'll need your ID. >> Okay. >> Yeah, that's good. >> If not, we'll shop. Either way, it's a win-win. They must be closed. Nope, they're still here. >> Cool. I already got my YouTube. It's all you. >> Hello. >> Hello. >> I've got my magnet already. I'll let you guys see. Jos's This is a cool passholder shirt. Look at the passholder shirt. I like it. >> Very nice. >> Mhm. Let's see. I'll let you put your ID away before I show >> Oh, yeah. That's probably a good idea. >> Yeah. >> But you want to show everybody my driver's license number and my address. It's so tiny they wouldn't be able to read it anyway. >> True. But just to be safe. >> There you go. >> There's the new one. How cool is that? >> I love it. Yeah. Don't forget to get yours, Tim. Amazing. Cool beans. Cool beans. Look, there's a whole section of Stitch Stitch. Stitch and >> like the Stitch backpack with the Stitch on the back. >> I know. If If Liam was little, he'd be getting that. But he's not little anymore. >> Yeah. Here we go. >> He'd still love it, though. He really loves stuffed animals. >> Yeah. Same. >> No, you know what? I was tell telling people this the other day, like he was >> when we were on the trip, you know, there's time there's things where he acts very grown up, but there's times when he still acts like a kid. And I love it because >> Yeah. I mean, >> obviously he's still a kid. >> Kid, but he he does this whole um idea of >> Oh, when he gets a toy, he got that little McDonald's toy and he like was showing everybody >> a I love that. >> And he like, you know, like anybody that walked up that he didn't even know, he would just like put the toy up and I was like, that's a very kid thing to do. I love it. >> And I love it. >> Yep. No, he is definitely still a kid. >> But yes, you can tell that he's got some adult tendencies, too, because he's throwing up. did a 3-hour without complaining. So, >> see, I'm I was going to say he's just It's also because I think because he's around you and stuff a lot, so then he's acts more grown up. You know what I mean? >> But he is definitely a kid for sure. >> A good kid. So that was one of the reasons why we we you know Steph and I weren't necessarily you know there wasn't really a wow lot of options but during co we weren't as happy that he you know had to stay home as much because he he doesn't have any brothers or sisters. >> So we wanted to also like yes be around adults and learn to you know learn to you know be appropriate or whatever but also like be around kids too and be you know be a kid even though they tend to say bra and 67 a lot. >> This is true. Wait, what is >> Oh, it's this. Sorry. The There. Now you can see it was down to 20. >> Oh, yeah. I had it way down. >> Yeah, no worries. >> I love this mug, but I don't need another mug. Darn it. Is it dishwasher safe? It's got a weird rubbery thing at the bottom. Park Days and Lattes. This is me. This is me. >> Hey, apparently it's Rick Ashley's birthday. >> No way. >> Few up. Never going to let you down. >> Right. Did I sing it right? Never going to tell a >> what is it? Tell a lie or you >> don't know if I got you cry. Never going to say you. Never going to say goodbye. Never going to run around. Never going to tell a lie. >> Liam knows all of it. So he'll go back and forth and he'll do that with me. He'll be like, "Never going to give you up." And I'll be like, "Never going to let you down." Keep going. >> That's cute. >> Then he'll help me if I forget. >> You're new. They have a bell one. Oh, we're lagging. Hang on. And we're back. Um, we're lagging. We've got Okay, I like these a lot. We've also got Mickey and Minnie. >> We're Wi-Fi in it. How do I find your Wi-Fi? >> Uh oh. I clicked it. >> Let me see it real quick. It's >> riding. >> You got to turn it on. >> Mine. You just hold it down. Look at that. >> Well, it was off. >> All right, we're back. >> All the way back over the falls. >> Well, yeah. I was thinking of dinosaur. >> Did they say that or no? >> I don't think Did they say we're back? Maybe. I don't know. >> All the way back. >> Oh, that's Guardians of the Galaxy. We're going to jump back. >> All the way back. Yeah. >> It was a ride. >> Back to the future. >> Oh, this is cute. Look at >> That's right. >> Peace. >> Yeah, that's right, Eric. As adults, we can afford to be kids. Also be kids with our kids. Got to love Disney. Yeah, Eric, for sure. Maelstrom. Okay. Going ninja. All right. Isabelle, you guys trying to rick roll us? I mean, sort of >> kind of. >> Mom used to listen to that song. >> Yeah. Unironically. >> Unironically, >> meaning not just as a meme, not just as a like funny thing. It's actually because like, you know, because it was a good song. Yes. >> And then it became a meme. >> The funny thing was he was he got literally I mean, and good for him. He's a great guy, but he got so rich off the meme. >> Think about how many times people watch that video and watch that song just because they were rick rolling people. Like he's probably like, "Yes, this is the best thing ever." >> Yes. Keep it going. >> Laughing all the way to the bank, man. >> Mhm. >> Also, he seems like the kind of guy that could like, you know, go along with the joke. >> Totally. >> You know, there are some people that that can't. But I think he's a pretty he's he's pretty one of those like it's not even a negative thing. It's just like, "Hey, we're going to get you with this song. >> Gonna get you." >> Yes. Oh, resort buds in good call. Yes, we do still have Surf Shark as a sponsor. Yep, you can go check them out. Our sponsor, Surf Shark. You can just go to Surf Shark.deals/ resorttv1. Again, that's surf shark.deals/ resorttv1. Use code resorttv1 for um for four free months on Surf Shark. >> Uh just go to surfark.deals/ resorttv1. This is cool. Surark.deals/ resorttv1. >> You should get that for me. That would be perfect. Well, except for the price tag. >> I mean, except for $75, but yeah, it is really good. I like the shirt. >> It almost looks like the graphics from the tip for today. >> Huh? It does. >> I could almost hear it. It's a zippity >> tip for today. >> Yeah. >> Can you show the Jasmine one? I didn't Was there There was a Jazz. Yeah, I saw it. So, anyway, go check out Surf Shark. Surf Shark.tv1. It's a great VPN. I literally use it all the time now. I use it at home um for reasons. Why everybody? >> Lots of reasons. >> For reasons. >> What was it? One of the What was it? One of the uh one of the channels I watched was you you put on the you put on the triccornered hat sometimes. >> For reasons. >> Reasons. But no, it's actually also good to stay safe. >> Here it is. The Jasmine one. Here's the back. >> David said, "I get if it's 35, not 75." Yeah, even 50. I might think about it for that one, but 75 is is a lot. >> Here is the front. Little Rajas on the front. That's so cute. >> There you go. >> These are pretty pricey. These are the baseball. Jeez. These are 79. >> 79. No, Disney Magic Princess, you're totally right. I do have like a very monochromatic uh wardrobe. Most of it is just trying to be cheap. >> But I do have I do have a lot of different >> caring about clothes. >> No, but I do like when I see stuff, I like it, but then I see the price and I don't like it as much. But that's a good one. Like I said, 50 I probably would do it. >> Yeah. No, that's a nice one. >> 75 too much. >> To a lot of >> a lot of things. Yeah. >> Well, should we venture to the springs? >> David says, "Yes." David says, "I'll be using it a bit to buy airplane tickets." That's another great use of it. I actually use it to buy our plane tickets, too. You can you can you can check. >> I thought he meant that shirt. You wore that shirt to buy airplane tickets. >> Cool. >> With this Figment Crocs. >> Yeah. >> No. So, um you know, you but you can change your location on Surf Shark and then see if it's cheaper buying from somewhere else, which is cool. >> That made me giggle. Blue Scott says, "I'm with you." Yeah. Uh, >> did you show the glowing sidewalks? Yes, we did already. Yeah. Yeah. Rewind. We were back. We can't go back there now cuz it's closed. But, uh, earlier we went back to Pandora and showed the glowing sidewalks. >> Way out. I have it on the ground. So pretty. >> Oh, David. I was No hating on Figment Crocs. Nothing but respect. >> No, we love those. >> Nothing but respect. >> To buy airplane tickets. Okay, I got to turn off Hold on. I got I got to turn off the Wi-Fi. I'll be right back. >> And we're back. You just have to wait a second for it to catch again. >> It's got a catch and click. >> I was thinking of it like when I was mowing the lawn and you had to wait a second for the blade to turn on. We were I was going through I said this on the stream a couple weeks ago, but I was going through some old videos, >> you know, when we're digitizing the family videos and I was out there with the lawn mower and I was like seven or eight years old drive. No, the real actual lawn mower. Dad had me driving it by myself when I was like seven or eight years old. Little younger than Liam. >> Oh my word. >> Yep. >> I think I I still I still kind of think we grew up faster back then. >> I don't know why. Sure. >> I feel like I feel like we did. I feel like we grew up faster. >> Well, we also sat in the back of a pickup truck with no seat belts, and that would be so against >> by ourselves. The whole Didn't we sit the whole way to our grandparents? Maybe 30 minutes away, maybe. >> I think there's something to be said for safety. I think there's also something to be said for not too much safety. >> Yeah. >> I don't know. There's a happy medium. >> I'm not sure which end of that we were on, but >> we survived it. I think it's funny that everybody was following everybody that way and now everybody's following. >> Be a leader, not a follower. Those are the good old days. >> Yeah, I was I So I don't I think on that one I wasn't actually like mowing with the blade on. I think I was just driving around a wagon. >> We used to fight over being able to ride in the back of the station wagon. Yeah, we did that, too. I remember on the way to church choir practice, somebody had one of those woody woody station wagons and a bunch of kids sat in the back just like on Charlie Brown when they all go to the grandma's house and they all sit in the back of the station wagon. You guys ever seen the Charlie Brown the Christmas one's the most famous, but there's a Thanksgiving one, too. >> Oh, yeah. That's a good one, too. >> Well, Peppermint Patty invites everybody over to Charlie Brown's house. She's like, "Oh, you won't mind, will you, Shock?" Like, everybody knows somebody like that that like, you know, just keeps like going and never listens. Maybe that's me sometimes. We all We're all that way sometimes. >> Okay. >> Maybe that's me. I mowed 5 acres of land. We lived on lots of it by tractor. It just I don't want to see a lawn mower again. I know I don't I don't mow anymore where we live, but um cuz our our yard is it's not bad, but it's just we have a really great company that does it really cheap. But like when I when we lived in Lakeland, I did I mowed, but it took me like it took me like two two and a half hours and that's just a big chunk out of my week when I was like didn't have that much time off. Anyway, >> it's not that big. >> No, the old one at Lakeland. Remember how big that yard was? Okay. I thought I yours now. I was like >> about No, about an hour, hour and a half now. >> Josh, if you keep track of all the shirts you don't buy, it's like saving money for the expensive shirts. That's how you do it. You're like, I didn't buy that one, so I saved money. I didn't buy that one. I know. >> Hey, Nia or Nita, sorry. Nita, Animal Kingdom is the best. >> It is. It's so pretty. >> Amy Grant's in the chat. I love that this week um after dinosaur closed or even the day of Joe Roie was posting tons of information about dinosaur on or in the whole Dino Land on his Instagram. >> Oh, I didn't see that. >> Yeah, you have to go to his Instagram. It was really cool. A lot of fun facts. >> I love fun facts. >> Yeah, me too. >> Like how if you if you don't look, you might fall. >> Yeah, just like that. >> So, Blue Scott says, "I can't wait to see Josh's ride with the minivan I'm turning off the stream." Hey, first of all, it's not. And second of all, don't be hating on minivans. I don't have one, but I it would be okay if I did. I know you're kidding, but it would be okay if I did. >> I have a friend who reminds me of peppermint powder. Your speech and mannerisms are almost the same. It's kind of scary. >> Something about a person that didn't doesn't listen. Don't remember. I didn't hear you, David. >> Do you know what's also funny? There's dinosaurs out here, too. Right here. >> Yeah. That's a dragon. >> That's the beastly kingdom. >> That's the dragon. This is the dinosa. >> Yes. You know why that's there, right? >> Right. They're gonna beast >> Beastly Kingdom over there in Pandora. >> Nope. >> Well, they didn't get rid of the beast, so hopefully they don't get rid of the dinosaur here. >> That's our dino right there. >> That is our dinosaur. >> No worries, Scott. I was just kidding with you. All right. >> To the Batmobile. >> Yeah, that >> to the Josh mobile. >> The Josh mobile. A minivan is nice, but don't tie your aunt to the roof. No, no, no. That's That's the Woody wagon. That's That was Clark Griswell with the station wagon. He tied the aunt Aunt Was it Aunt Edna? >> She like died in the back seat and they tied her to the roof. >> Man, the 80s were a different time for movies, right? Like the lady died in the back seat and they just tired of the roof >> cuz they got to get to Wally World, which is like kind of like supposed to be like Disney Disneyland. >> I know. I think it's been so long. And then they they had Roy Wallally and he was he was made up to kind of look like Walt a little bit. >> Oh my word. That's >> obviously totally not like not sanctioned by Disney at all. >> Yeah, >> it got colder for sure. >> Nita says, "My Honda Odyssey Elite is amazing." Yeah, I know minivans can be really nice. >> Also, who watched The Muppet Show on Disney Plus? I watched it on Thursday morning. I loved it. Josh has to go watch it. I won't give any spoilers. No spoilers. >> No spoilers. Joe Roie tried getting Tropical America built for 15 years. Yeah, that's right, Tim. >> No, you're right. He He posted about that today. >> Yes, >> it was. And Edna. Okay, cool. That's cool. I can't wait to see that. >> The Muppet Show. >> The Muppets. >> It's the Muppet Show. >> Oh, we got to go this way. This is the exit. I always think it's over there, but it's not. It's over here. >> The Muppets. >> Remember to do ground stream. >> I will. Her dog kept up pace for a good bit, too. Oh my gosh. That's That's even worse. Although no actual dogs were harmed in the making of that movie. >> Josh and Jenn are gen xers barely. >> I am on the cusp. >> You're on the cut off. I'm one year in. >> I'm like sometimes >> there's another word called zenial. >> Yeah. Sometimes I'm sometimes depends on who says >> I watched a whole video about the psychology of genetics and it's like it was really fascinating. >> Yeah. And a lot of the psychology was about like how a lot of Gen X kids stayed home by themselves a lot and had to fend for themselves and had like instant consequences for everything. And if you did mess something up, you pay for it. When mom and dad got like all these things and I'm like it all makes sense. >> We weren't home that much by ourselves. But >> you know what's funny though? I saw this uh meme or this Instagram real today about that about staying home by yourself >> and how your parents taught you never to answer the door. Of course. >> Yeah. So there's a lady, us when we were kids, the doorbell would ring, you get down and you hide under a blanket or >> you know they finally leave and then she goes me now. The doorbell rings, I get down and under a blanket. >> It's the same thing. Yeah. Yeah. Cuz it's probably somebody trying to sell you something. >> I laugh. >> Oh, they love the Muppet Show. >> Yay. I loved it so much. It was so much like the old Muppet Show. I can't wait for you to see it. You're going to love it. >> Good. Uh Michelle says, "Important question about Disney Plus. Do you get all of Hulu along with that?" You can. You don't have to. You can. >> It's more. >> Yeah. So, we have We're actually We're kind of in an issue with that right now cuz we have it and they're tied up together to the point where you can't get rid of them unless you cancel both. >> Oh, no. >> So, right now Steph had paid for Disney Plus for all year cuz it was cheaper. >> Yeah. >> So, she's paid the one year deal and you save a bunch of money. But then she did Hulu. So, now Hulu is a monthly. >> I'm this way. She paid Hulu monthly, but we can't get rid of Hulu because now they're together. >> So, I wanted to get rid of Hulu and it wouldn't let us. So, and I looked it up and they said, "Yeah, you have to cancel both." I'm like, "Well, I can't cancel it." >> You paid the whole month. You paid the whole year >> on only Disney Plus. And then she added Hulu later. >> And that makes no sense. You should be able to cancel Hulu. >> I probably could. I just need to I need to call I need to call and be like, "Hey, can you just stop the Hulu and keep the Disney Plus?" >> Oh, yeah. Cuz you already paid for it. >> Yeah. I cannot have you right now. Okay. >> Hey, Ginger. >> Hey, Ginger. >> The consequences are mowing the lawn. I know, right? >> Oh, call them. They'll fix it. They did it for me. Okay, David. Good. Cuz I was telling we're we like swim down all of our all of our We slimmed and swam. We swam >> all of our expenses. We cut like every streaming service. So, we cut like all kinds of stuff. >> Yeah. All we have is Netflix, which is included with T-Mobile. >> Yeah. >> Disney Plus. >> We're not going to have Netflix anymore. >> It's included with T-Mobile. >> Well, I know. >> We have T-Mobile. Oh, >> you're on our plan. So, you have You're using the Netflix. >> Oh, person can use it. >> Yeah, I tried. I tried. >> Oh, sorry. >> So, we'd have to use your plan. >> I didn't know that. >> I asked Steph if she wanted to just see if we could share it with you guys cuz we both have T-Mobile or we separate the T-Mobile plans. >> Yeah. Yeah, we can do that. cuz you're so you you have mostly AT&amp;T and you have one T-Mobile line and you share you you're on our plan. Oh, >> okay. Okay. Yeah, >> it's fine. We had had our own plan. Steph said no because she doesn't want Liam watching the ads. She said she doesn't like some of the ads. >> Okay. >> I don't know how bad the ads are. >> I don't know. I just look at my phone during them. >> Okay. >> I don't like any of the show. Wow, that is scary. Come on over here. >> Very scary. He's close. >> No, that's I don't like this spot right here. The buses are so big and you're just like right there. >> Mhm. >> Little move and you're you're dunzo. >> The phrase hit by a bus comes in that comes in very clearly at that point. >> Like with a kid, I'd be very scared. >> I was walking with Liam and I obviously put him on the other side, >> but even then I was super scared. >> Crazy. >> Yeah, we're going to Disney Springs. That's why we're still Otherwise, we would have ended the stream by now. >> You guys are going on a road trip with us. >> We're going in Peacock 119. That's where I'm at. >> Okay. >> And I'm on the end, too. So, I'm not far. >> Uh, go ahead and cross now because there's nobody coming. Maybe. Oh, there's somebody. >> He's going faster than fast. All right, let's keep going then. >> I think we should do >> it does look a bit tight. Yeah. Ready? Go. Run. >> Here comes the bus. Literally, the bus is turning around. It's like trying to take people out. >> This is the worst scariest parking. >> It is really scary >> compared to any of the other ones. >> Here, we're over here. I'm in Okay, I'm in 119. So, I'm like seven rows down. >> Mom and dad and I got here. We have to park. >> Oh, that's cool. David already. Yeah. >> Way on the other side. >> Oh, jeez. I usually get lucky and get this one. But the thing the other thing is the bus drivers drive way too fast through here. >> Yeah. >> Well, there was one time I saw >> Disney buses. >> No, they're the resort buses. >> I saw the I saw a Marriott bus and he was probably going 40 miles an hour. Whoa. >> And I grabbed Liam and like made sure he was like had a hold of him real tight. >> Yep. Crazy. >> You made it. I knew you would. >> Once had to cross there with three toddlers to get priority. It was mad new level. Mad Max level. Insane. It is. It's like may the odds be ever in your favor. >> But yeah, when you're on that sidewalk and the bus passes within two feet of you and you look at how huge it is and you're just like >> right there. >> Yeah. >> They need to put a curve there, I think. Yeah, I I would I would >> I think I think people walking would be more aware as well. >> I think a fence would be nice and just have little breaks in it every once in a while. >> Yeah. What do you think, >> Wendy? AJ, congrats on 27 months of reser bronze. Josh and Jenna, hi. What a fun night. Thanks so much. >> Thank you. >> Don't hit the road too much. It hurts. Thank you so much. We appreciate that. Wendy. >> We're going to Disney Springs. Check the thumbnail. It's in there. >> Check it out. >> Check it. >> Check. >> I made one. You just forgot to post it. >> Hey, I posted it. >> You posted it. You >> posted the thumbnail. >> It's funny. >> Too funny. Here we go. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Why am I old? I I said that the exact words the other day. Why am I old? >> Why am I old? How did this happen? >> I don't know how this happened. >> We are We're going to head to the springs. We don't usually do that on Well, we just haven't in a while. >> Yeah. >> Not that we haven't usually. We just haven't. >> Okay. Come here, little seat belt. Where you at? There we go. Buckled. Buckled and ready. Okay, guys. Buckle your seat belts. Not only are the buses huge, but driver technique can vary. Yes. And I'm not talking about the Disney buses at all. The Disney buses are amazing. We know some Disney bus drivers, and they're amazing. It's the off-site hotel bus. >> And those are much bigger buses than the Disney buses. >> Yes. Oh, I'm the DJ. All right. What we singing? >> Yeah. >> DJ, play my favorite song. Who let the dogs out? Ruff. Ruff. Ruff. I don't know. >> Pull the yellow tab. Yep. Pull your yellow tab. Make sure make sure you're in. >> Okay. I'm buckled. >> Okay. You ready to hear some songs? All right. What should we sing? All right. Stop. Collaborate and listen. Ice is back with a brand new invention. Rendition. Is it invention or rendition? >> See, now this is what I said. >> I think it's invention. >> Okay. So, I was right. Brand new invention. >> Rend invention. I don't know now. Now that you said it, I have >> right now. I don't know. >> All right, somebody look it up quick. Quick. We must know. >> Yep. >> We must know. Okay. Sorry. I'm like almost rolled the stop really bad. >> Ah, David. I like Michael Bubé. >> I fixed it. >> Good job. You did. >> I like Michael Bubé. >> He doesn't like him. >> I wrote a whole um arrangement of feeling good. >> Well, there you go. >> He has a great voice. >> Sounded better than that, but it was >> Oh, some Taylor Swift. All right. Fade of Ailia. You are at We are at the Edison now and it is busy. Oh, I bet it is busy. >> Stops. >> Don't you have Amazon Prime? You can stream things through that. Yeah, that's true. Amazon Prime is included with your Prime membership. >> Yep. >> Stop. He a time. That's a different one. That's right. There's nothing wrong with Mr. Bubbles. That's right, Ginger. That's funny. We pronounce it bubble. I will not be buying churros for the group if we keep saying nice things about Michael Bubé or John Samos. What? David >> Uncle Jesse. >> I can't remember why he doesn't like >> cuz he outbid him on. >> No, I can't. But why Michael Bubé? >> Oh, yeah. I don't remember why he doesn't like Michael. I don't understand that. >> Now, what happened with that? Break out the very manalo. >> It's a It's a bit chilly. Um, oh, >> I was like 68. No, it's not. That's the end of >> that's that's the temperature of the heat set. >> Uh, it it says 55. I think it's a little cooler than that, but yeah, it's it's not hasn't been too bad. >> Kelsey says, I'll say I always say invention. If it says rendition, I'm questioning my whole life. >> Hey, says 52, it feels like 44. >> Agreed. I think it does feel in the 40s. Yes. >> Have mercy, Joey's brother. have Mercy. >> Yeah, we'll definitely do Universal again. Well, I will. Josh doesn't have a ticket. >> I don't have a ticket. >> Marty girl starts tomorrow. >> That was my other That was my other cost savings. >> Yeah, if I didn't already have plans tomorrow night, I probably would have seen if Josh was streaming and you're not, but I already have plans and I would have taken you guys to the opening day of Marty Gro, but I'll take you there at some point. >> Do you think you got game enough to pull off the Marky Mark wrap? I don't know that one. What is that one? >> Good vibrations. Uh, Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch. >> The song is Good Vibrations, right? >> Good vibrations. I I just don't know like the actual rap part. >> Yeah. Oh, Epic Universe. I would love to go back, but yeah, it's maybe maybe Well, sometime this year I will go back. I just don't know when. It's invention. Yay. You had to Google it. Well, thanks for googling it. >> You love the ride. Yep. Good vibrations. You got it, Josh. I took my kids to a Marty girl float loading party tonight. It was so cool. We live in Louisiana. Oh, that's amazing. I'm going to be on a float this year. I'm so excited. Cannot wait. We got on with annual passholders where last year we tried and they were gone before we could get one. Nice. Well, I think Bubé is a nice person and hearing him talk about his child is heartbreaking. I just really don't care for his voice. What? How do you not like his voice? It is like >> so smooth and amazing. >> That's very interesting. I actually like him. Yeah. >> I've always liked his uh the jazz band that he's got. His arrangements are really good. Like especially >> sounds like he has a cold. No. >> Interesting. >> No. >> Yeah, I I have to disagree with that one, David. Sorry. >> I actually have always liked him. I I have He's not like my absolute favorite musician ever, but like I like >> I love his Christmas music. >> Yeah, his Christmas album is really good. >> Yeah. I like the orchestra that he played that plays with him, too. >> Okay, I need to get over here. >> You're going to Epic Universe for the first time in March. Amazing. >> Marky Mark. >> All the lights are on over at uh the sports complex over >> Oh, ESPN. >> Yeah. >> Wonder what's going on. >> I don't know. You'll see it as we come around the here. >> Maybe some kind of practice. >> I just saw the Star Cruiser thing over there, too. Oh, sad. >> Sad. Apparently, >> it's okay. I think he's a very distant second to Harry Kic. There's only room for one on my playlist. Lol. You don't like Harry? >> I actually like both. >> I do, too. >> No, he said he liked Harry. >> Oh, sorry. Okay. >> See, the funny thing is I think their voices are very comparable. They're different, but they're like the same style. >> Yeah. Very smooth. Great voice. I agree. Sandy Pandy. The so Harry Conics is more he's got more of the Louisiana style which is where he's from whereas I think Bubé's got more of kind of that New York style. >> New York for sure. You're going to Epic tomorrow. I'm so jealous. Enjoy. Have a good time. >> Hi Mike. It's Josh and I tonight. Last Friday it was Dale and I. >> Yep. >> Hey Jeffrey. >> I was in New York. >> He was New York. Sorry I had to. Welcome to New York. There's so many New York songs. >> That was Taylor. >> Speaking of buses. >> Yep. >> It's very busy. Hold on. Got to go. >> It is a busy time right now for um I was going to say no, you don't. >> I can't go over there. Sorry. Good to see you for the bus. >> It's about to end. >> No, that one ended. What you didn't see was I almost didn't get on over here cuz this car was like not letting anybody in. And I like >> at the very last second before I ran out of road, they got over it. I think Harry is a superior musician in crew kuner. Is that how you say that? And Boule is a vocalist. Uh that would be the distinction. Okay. >> Okay. >> Hi Eden. >> Hi Tracy. >> Wait, for anyone that doesn't know by now, Jenna is an incredi. I don't know what that means. What's an Ency? >> I don't know. >> Okay, >> cool. >> Yeah, >> good chat. Nice. >> Good talk. >> Good talk. >> Probably straighten that out. >> Yep. >> Now, this one here, just in case you know, the the lane does not last long. >> It does not. >> And I need to hold on. Hold on. >> It's like in California, the on-ramps are so short on their freeways. >> There was a Disney bus that was like right there, and I had no like choice but to just like go a little faster. >> I'm going to get a Universal Express pass for Epic. That's probably a good plan if you can if you can afford one. Yes. Uh I would throw Bubé a life preserver. Stamos. Not so much. David, you're breaking my heart. Uncle Jesse. >> Be nice. >> Uncle Jesse. >> I'm sure he'll share whatever the Disney memorabilia was. Mr. Toad thinks, wasn't it? >> Some. Yeah, >> I'm sure he'll share. He's a nice guy. >> Yeah, he is. >> He probably sell it to you. >> Oh yeah, probably. Okay, Ally, no worries. >> I can't remember what I think it was Mr. Toad thing. So, um yeah. >> Mhm. That's the thing that happened. >> Road rage with Josh. >> Yeah. But that was just road fear. >> Yes. >> There was no anger. It was mostly just fear. >> Yeah. Like he like that. >> There was a bus in the way. >> Hi Robert Warner. How are you? >> And it wasn't even the bus's fault. He was just there and he couldn't move cuz people next to him. It was totally totally just like one of those bad >> situations where there wasn't enough lane. >> Yes, there wasn't enough lane. >> We needed more. >> It was Mr. Toad. Okay. >> Okay. Good evening. How are you? Enjoy listening to you. Makes me wish I had a brother. They have taxis. Two older sisters. Yeah, they do. Uh, so more like three mothers. Anyways, love watching you on Friday nights. Oh, that's awesome. >> Thank you. >> Thank you so much. No worries, Sean. I was just confused. >> This is um so this is the old entrance to Hollywood Studios. >> Yeah. Right here. Used to be able to go straight across from um Boardwalk >> to Hollywood, but not not now. You remember waiting at the stoplight forever to get out of Hollywood Studios? >> Yes. It backed up. Mhm. >> I think that in that case it's a lot better where it is now. >> Yeah. They knew when they built Galaxy's Edge that they were going to have to find a better way in and out for sure. You know, since we have a car, the car may want to steer itself to be. You never know, David says. >> Yeah. I mean, it totally we totally could. >> That's awesome, Robert. >> I'm not saying it doesn't sound good. >> I know. Agreed. And they have Valentine's ones right now. They're like strawberry flavored. >> Wow. >> Yeah, that sounds delicious. >> I am not >> Okay, this car has a Transformer logo. He can come on in. >> If you don't, then no. >> No, no passing. >> No passing. Uh, I am not going to the opening day of Marty Girl. I have plans tomorrow. Otherwise, I would. But I have something fun planned. >> Hi Karen. Happy Friday. I'll take you guys next week. Beignetes and other goodies. Sounds good. Sounds like a plant. >> Sky is turning at the wrong place. >> The sky is turning. >> You're supposed to turn right there, not there. >> The sky is turning. >> I'm not saying I didn't do that the other day. >> Do they have king cakes at Disney? Uh, not at Disney, but yes, Universal usually has king cakes. Yes. >> There you go. >> Can't wait to go and try some of their yummies. And they just opened their Marty GR tribute store, too. And we just passed on. >> David, I know. I'm so sad they closed Sprinkles cupcakes. That was mom and dad and I's favorite. >> So, if you're wondering where on the Skylliner it passes, it was just right back there. >> There's one road that it goes over and that was >> that was the one >> the main road >> right by the Riviera or right before the Riviera. >> Yep. >> They were um the Skyliner was being worked on for a while and there were no Skyliners on the line. It's crazy. >> That is weird. >> Yeah, we uh >> the sky is Chicken Little. sky is turning. >> We definitely I I went um Tuesday, not yesterday. That was several days ago. Tuesday to um do my Skyliner stream and >> that's right. Good thing I was going to say Dale and I thought about doing that on the Friday night was a week ago. >> It was still good thing I looked cuz Yeah, it was closed. >> Yeah. >> Um which garage are you going to try to park in, by the way? >> That was a good point. >> I'm assuming. Okay, so right now Lime is under refurb. So it's closed. So, the only options are orange, surface parking, or grapefruit, which is across the street. I'm assuming we'll have to do grapefruit, but I don't know. >> Well, the sign up here will tell us. >> Okay. I know. So sad about sprinkles. >> So, yeah, my car still says 55. >> Okay. >> So, I guess it's not >> Hey, Mr. Cruz Fever. Well, like you said, it felt like 40 something. >> Yeah. Now, this car does have a tendency to be a couple degrees warmer than what it actually is. >> On the Well, I don't know how how bad the how much the app actually is. >> I know. I'm sorry. When I get in a car, I like to yawn. >> On Monday when we drove to school, it did. The car said 28. >> Oo, it was cold. It was so cold. It was a cold cold day. All right. Lime is my favorite because you can smell polite pig on the way down the escalator. That's true, Anthony. You can. Since Issa has her performance next Sunday at Springs, I'm thinking it would be a good day to hit up Wine Bar George. Sounds like a good plan. >> I've actually never had that before. >> It's delicious. They have some good food. They have fried mac and cheese balls. They're amazing. Anything fried, really. Okay. Well, we're almost there. Almost there. Almost there. Oh, don't let me forget. You got to get your um 10k thing. >> Oh, yeah. >> Made me think of it when I was singing almost there cuz they sing that. Well, one of my races they sang right at the end of the race. Almost there. >> That's helpful. >> It was helpful. Oh, they have mini king cakes at the French Quarter. Oh, nice. Just no baby in it. Okay, gotcha. >> Yep. Friday night traffic and it always gets super backed up at the Springs on the weekend. So, just >> have that in mind. >> And they they spent a long time um I don't know 10 10 12 years ago redoing Buista Drive, >> adding several lanes, adding bus lanes in the middle. It's helped quite a bit. Signs. >> So, yeah. Let's see what it says. Orange Cross is open, so I got to try it. >> Nice. >> So, it shows Typhoon Lagoon is closed, obviously. >> Yep. >> Um, >> I can, David. I can't. >> They did open it the other day when it hit 60s. >> Yeah, >> it was closed today. Maybe >> it hit 60 today. Maybe it was open. >> There's also that surface parking, but who knows? >> Yes, that surface parking is very hit or miss. >> Yeah, >> let's try orange and see if there's anything. >> I mean, it doesn't say closed, so I'm assuming maybe locals didn't come cuz it's kind of chilly. Ah, it's may might be. >> We're almost to Springs. >> Yeah, Jay, I am definitely ready for that warmer weather. >> There's team Disney over there if you wondered. It's it's a kind of an interesting looking building there. >> It's got this kind of like a like a strange tall rotunda in the top. >> I would like to go in there one day. >> Peakish. So, I've heard >> I've heard um a friend of ours told me they've been in there, but they um they said that it uh inside the rotunda there is pretty cool like with that big, you know, circle, but then the rest of it's just kind of an office building. >> Okay. >> So, not super exciting. >> Nothing. Yeah. >> Oh, they're taking us up >> to the top. >> Yeah. >> To the tippy tippy top. Or maybe not. Looks like you can go in. Yeah. >> Well, that's good. >> They should add a Skylander to Springs. I agree. Going up. >> Says 97 or 108. >> We'll do this one. >> Yeah. >> Uh >> oh. Yeah, there's plenty. >> Let's go this way so we don't have to fight for spaces. >> Sounds like a plan. >> I like to go the way not everybody's going. >> Agreed. And there's escalators over here, too. >> Yeah, they did a good job putting the new lights in this place. It's very bright. >> Yeah, it is nice. Oh, look. There's several. Yeah, there's several. Just look for the green lights. That also is another really cool thing. >> Hi R.J. >> Remember in college when you'd think there was a spot and you go down the road and it's like darn short cars. >> Yeah, short car. >> Short cars. Motorcycle. Yeah. It's like come on. Short cars. >> Those little Mini Coopers of the world. Like they're good little cars. Don't get me wrong. No, no, no hate if you have one, but it's frustrating when you think there's an open spot and it's like a short car. >> Exactly. Oh, we hit a thousand likes. Thanks, guys. >> Yay. >> I know, David. I'm sad about the drone show, too. I wish that they still had it. Am I Am I far enough over there? >> Yeah, you're good. >> Yep. >> Can't go too far here. You hit the wall. So, >> I made you yawn, too. I'm sorry. Yeah, please don't hit the wall. Um, so >> well, we'll go BRB for here. Let me let me set up the BRB real quick. >> Turn it on on my >> Oh, yeah. Thank you. The pipes in the house, they are all redone. We can use our water. However, we still have holes all over our house in the walls. So hopefully the drywaller um will come next week and then we can put everything away. Right now the house is an absolute disaster. The night Wednesday when I got done with the stream, I had I came home, ate some dinner, and then we literally cleaned our house until 10:30 that night because you know when you mess with drywall, there's dust everywhere. >> Oh, for sure. >> Oh, it was awful. So I literally mopped my bathroom floor at like 9:30 at night. It was crazy. But anyway, let >> me get my uh backpack out. >> Oh, David, I didn't even think about that. He says, "You know why this is so frustrating? The green lights don't mean a thing to him." >> Oh, that is frustrating. >> They don't help him at all. Didn't even think of that. Sorry, David. I can't get out. Okay, I did it. We had a leak and since our house is so old, we had copper pipes and so we had to get all new pipes. Woo! Yay! Adultting. >> Yeah, >> home ownership. >> So, I told it was gen like it was very similar to Oh, there now there's a new one up here. That one >> Well, there a go. It was like when I we had to get a new air conditioning. It was not fun. Well, in what, two years ago, we got a new AC. So, home ownership. Woot woot. >> Okay. So, we can um we can go down and then we'll find I guess it's on the second floor. >> Let's get out of here. >> David says it's okay. Last time we were there, Gio was like, "Just look for the green lights, honey." And I was like, "How long have we been married?" That's funny. >> Oh my goodness. Do you have a battery or anything you have to get out? >> No. Oh, yeah. I do. He's like, "They're all They're all gray right now." It's like they're all gray. >> Yeah. No green lights here. Oh, we got to go around. >> Yeah. >> Stop at the gray light. >> Yeah. >> That's right. Why be happy when you can be a home home owner? That's so funny. All right. So, I'll give it to you so you can be ready to switch it to the bees. RB's. Okay. Okay. I have to get my one. going down. >> Oh yeah, for sure. David, we're getting snacks. I don't know. We'll see. How's the AMC? >> I still got to watch the Disneyland. You haven't done that yet. Oh, it's so good. >> I can't wait. >> Hold on. Uh, well, never mind. I thought I had a Disney Springs one. Oh, well. All right. Never mind. I had a Disney Springs one, but I'm just going to do the the regular Epcot one because I can't find the Disney Springs ones. >> I can't find it. All right, we'll be back. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, dang it. Now I want donuts. Donuts for me. The best walk in life. Orange Garage. Security Springs. Gideons. No notes. Love it. >> Oh yeah. I don't know. I'm assuming I'm assuming we're back, right? Everybody back. >> Nobody said back. >> Said back. I think it's back though. Yeah, I turned off the I turned off the uh BRB, so it must be back. Oh, yeah, David. I would love a burger at Splitzville. >> The what? >> Fries. >> Yeah, they are. >> Sushi. >> Oh, somebody's going to say back. Okay, good. Thank you, Joey's World. >> Yeah, the donuts look good, too. Good. >> All right. Thanks, Sean. We're back. Thanks, everybody. >> And then it catches up to you. >> Yeah. You can't do it. >> You cannot do it. >> They got all of you. They got torches going there. Nice and nice and warm. >> Sure. >> Oh, really? >> Very yummy. >> What's the name of the gluten-free bakery we went in? Uh, Aaron McKenna's Bakery NYC. Yep. >> There's Splitzville. >> Yep, that's right. R.J.'s got it. Air McKenna's now. I got crocodile rock stuck in my head. Go M&amp;M's. >> M&amp;M store. Are you going in? >> Sure. >> I love that you can personalize with a photo. >> Yeah, >> that is so cool. Also, just wish we had smell vision because the chocolate hits you in the face when you walk in. >> I know. >> Smells good. >> It really does. Look at the little onesies. >> Look at the tiny little M&amp;M cups. Oh, they're cute. >> That's cool. >> I know. It's funny. one more. >> Okay. >> All right. >> Go for it. >> All you want. >> I'm not here to impress you, but I probably will anyway. >> While holding your applause. >> I'm probably the I like I like the blue one. That's my favorite. Your >> favorite? Yeah. Yeah, that's that's that's me. >> Afraid of what might happen if I relax. Yeah, >> that's kind of me. >> What is this? Yeah. >> Did you do Resort TV on M&amp;M's? I think we did one time. >> Did we like >> one of somebody, you know, somebody there? Somebody was with us made >> M&amp;M's. Yeah. Like the resort TV. >> What? >> Thank you. The orange one is named all has an unorldly fear of being eaten by sea monsters and people in general. >> Well, yeah. >> There's all the giant the giant color wall back there. >> Yeah, >> it might lag back here, but I don't know. It's >> pretty cool, guys. All the colors. >> Yeah. >> Here's a little trivia. Only the bottom part is actually full of edible M&amp;M's. >> It's a song that's loud that we can't tell what it is. It's just like a we're grooving kind of a song. It'll get us. >> It'll get us for sure. >> Yeah. >> 20 bucks. 1999 right there. >> Hey, Mickey. Mom Jen, how are you? The hoodies are cool. Very colorful. >> It's also Valentine's Day stuff. >> Yeah, Valentine's Valentiney. Valentine's Day is coming up. >> All of it. Baseball te's back there. And a chocolate backpack. >> It is a chocolate. Wonder if it smells like chocolate. >> I hope not. >> Be hungry all the time. >> True. >> All right. So, >> Oh, yeah. What is this going to be now? This level 99. >> I don't know. What is it? >> It's like a competition. >> Oh, they're trying something new. >> Oh, >> it looks fun. >> Okay. They just need to They need to They need to like give up and put video games back in there. >> Seriously. >> The only thing that's going to work. Oh no. >> Mark my words. >> This is going to >> And they don't have to be like crazy artwork. They can be regular videos. >> Yeah. No, seriously. They I I said this so many times and the NBA thing lasted like a year and a half. >> Yeah. >> Wonder how much money somebody spent on that. Like tons of money they spent on that NBA and it just closed. >> Not everybody's in basketball, >> right? >> So we'll see what happens. >> Video games play them, >> right? Well, the family ones I think you could make it more like what they had before where it's based on Disney characters. It's fun for the family >> and they're not Yeah, >> it's not like a variety of them. >> You're not doing like obviously they're not going to have violent games there. Like it's just going to be more like family stuff, >> which is what they had before. >> I'm telling you. >> And the ones where you have to work together like one. >> Yeah. >> I love the one where you drove the car around under the floor. >> Yeah. >> And you had to like run around and be like, "No, go back. Go left. Go back. you're stuck. >> He's like, "Yes, I can see that." >> Try not to trip on things. >> I was like, I was talking to David the other the other day, and I I won't name any names of who said this, but basically, um, it's one of those obvious things, but in this case, it was kind of rude. It was like if somebody has anxiety and then you just actually tell them, well, have you tried calming down? >> But somebody actually said that to somebody David knows. There's like you have really anxiety having a really bad time and the person said, "Well, have you tried calming down?" Oh man, you know what? I never thought of that. What a concept. >> It's like if somebody's sick, it's like, "Have you tried feeling better?" >> Or when when you lose something, somebody's like, "Well, where where is it? >> Where is it?" >> Dad used to say that. >> Where is it? >> Backpack. >> Where is it? >> I don't know. I can't find it. >> No, we love you, Dad. >> He might not. >> No, I I think I think the other the question he probably meant to ask was where did you have it last? >> I love If I Loved You, David. That's one of my one of my favorites. If I loved you. If I loved you. standing hot. >> I feel like you lost like the glasses. >> Oh my goodness gracious. >> That's That's like I think walking with the shoes would probably be better no matter what they are. >> Yep. >> I have two pairs of socks on right now. >> So, what's the last place you look? >> Or David says, "Or depression." Have you tried being happy? >> Have you tried being happy? >> Yeah, man. I never never thought of that. Yeah. >> Oh, that's that's the >> Oh, I thought it was the uh Crash Desty song. Like the the M song. >> Oh, I bet I would, David. But Well, I don't know if I'd be surprised, but I'm sure I'd be impressed. So, I know she sings well. >> Avatar in theaters December 19th, so it's been there for a while then. I haven't even seen the second one. >> No, you need to see it and then I forget. >> There's a second one. No, I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. >> No, I have seen I have seen Yeah. or I have I have heard of the second one. I'm so behind on everything. >> Yeah. So, there's some party people here. >> Yeah. >> Here, take it for a second. All right, guys. They have some good cookies here. If you don't want to stand in line at Pideians, um you can go to Summer House on the Lake. They have some good cookies. There we go. >> Hi, Tina. How are you? >> Yeah, I've only seen the first one, too. >> Yeah, I meant to see the second one. Like I every time I'm like, "Oh, yeah, I'm going to go home and watch it." And then I get home and get busy and then I forget. >> It's also really long. Like it's a really long movie, so you really have to have time or watch it in parts. >> Hi, Proud Patriot. How are you? Spoiler alert. There's a second Avatar. Exactly. >> Hey, Miss Disney Van. How are you? Wonder what they're making tonight. Let's go see. >> They're making candy apples. >> Looks like it. >> Cotton candy. I can smell from out here. >> Cotton candy. >> I see it right there. >> Yeah. Oh, yeah. They are making caramel apples. >> Yum. >> Oh, hi David. I didn't see you there. Thanks for popping in. Welcome. yourself. Okay. >> Got the Marvel store. We've got the Star Wars store. >> Everyone made you watch Harry Potter. And did you like it? It's amazing. >> The books are better, but the movies are awesome. >> Oh, yeah. I I like both. Yeah. No, they're both good for sure. Um, $5. You two are hilarious tonight, guys. I got married today in Scotland. It's 1:30 a.m. and I had the best day. Oh my goodness. >> Congratulations. >> Uh, congratulations. Is it uh to Tory? Thank you so much for the super chat. Congratulations. And uh yeah, thanks for popping in the live stream tonight. Everybody wish him a happy, not happy, a congratulations. There we go. A happy marriage marriage. There we go. >> Happy marriage day. >> That's right. >> Technically, it's the next day, but you know. >> True. >> If you want mommy. >> That's still pretty busy here. >> It is very busy. Did you want to go? We're going this way. Yeah. Whichever way you want. >> That's fine. Let's go this way. >> They got a churro stand over here. They got some good churros. I want to go to the uh blind box store for sure. See what kind of new blind boxes they have. >> Oh, okay. >> It's over by Trendy. >> They have different kinds of boxes that are blind. >> Yeah, they're all good. Well, last time I was in there, they were really like slim pickings. There wasn't a whole lot. So, hopefully they got more now. You were here in December. You could barely move. I totally understand that. Christmas time here is a lot. >> Really very very busy. >> Hi Colin. >> Got STK. Still never eaten there. Looks good. Hi Frankie. I've been to Yachman now. Josh. >> Yeah. I love the outfit. >> Yeah, I went finally. >> Pretty good, right? >> It was really good. Ooh, man. STK is the place to be. There's a line >> a line of people. >> Yeah, we have. Well, there's not a line out the door for the bathroom. That's a good sign. >> That is a good sign. >> How about a joyfilled love for all of you, too? Eternity. Yeah, that's right. You bought some air fresheners from Gideonss. I didn't know they had those. Hello, Mommy Diva. A quick service. Um, so they do have Chicken Guy. All they have is chicken. So if you don't like chicken, you don't want to go there. But Chicken Guy, it's very good. I like it. There's Blaze Pizza if you want pizza. There's um Earl Sandwich if you want sandwiches. Uh, what else? What else? >> Deluxe Burger. >> Yes, Deluxe Burger. All they have is burgers. I They might have one chicken sandwich >> and a polite pig. >> That is a sit down, I believe. >> Oh, is it? Okay, >> I think. >> Well, no, no, no, no. I think that's it. >> You order at the counter. Yeah. Okay. You're right. Flight pig. >> Oh, yeah. There is a line. Holy moly. >> I honestly don't get it at all. I just don't like it. >> They're okay. They're not my favorite. Yeah. I'd rather have a >> That's my That's my hot take. >> I'd rather have a Starbucks cookie, honestly. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. I'd rather have a Magic Kingdom cookie >> or even a summer house cookie. >> Hot take. >> Oh, it's been a while since I had a summer house cookie. >> Oh, they're good. But no, for me that's my hot take is that like everybody loves the the spring or the Gideonss and I'm just like I'm good. >> There's one or two that I've gotten that I really really like. Um but yeah, they're they're big. They're thick. I don't know. >> They're certainly not worth a giant weight. >> They're not worth the wait. No, I agree. Uh Rosalie, congrats on 19 months of Resort Hopper. Uh join join very much. Well, thank you so much for being a member for 19 months, Rosalie. Oh, there are food trucks as well. Yeah. So, those would be some quick service. Oh, and then the fish place over here. >> That's new. >> Oh, yeah. It's >> been here for a while. >> Yeah, it has been here for a little bit, but yes, it is new. >> Maybe I just haven't been over on this side. >> Yeah, >> pretty cool. >> Anyway, no, I I love cookies, but yeah, that's my >> hot take. >> Hot take. >> Um, so yeah, there's a fish place over here that you can walk up to. >> I love the fish and chips place. >> Yeah, it's very good. I forget what it's called. >> Hole in the Wall. No, that's the bar. >> The bar. >> It's next to that. Oh, Cooks of Dublin. >> Cooks of Dublin. Yeah. >> It's actually modeled after a real chain in Ireland, I think. >> Oh, really? Okay. And their fish is very good. >> Yeah. Here it is right here. Cooks of Dublin. >> Mom and dad and I ate that the other day. So, it's another quick service. >> Oh, the ganacherie. I love the ganacherie. The chocolate there is so good. So good. So good. Yeah, I'm excited to see what they do with that for sure. >> For what? >> Um, they're opening it up at Gideon's like savory place next door. >> Savory? >> Yeah. >> Interesting. So, what kind of stuff would a savor cardboard box? That is a good question. >> I mean, I know it's not sweet. I understand. >> Yes. Like, I don't know. Guys, help me out. I know they had a post and I forgot. My brain has been all consumed by the house these last well week. this last week. >> Paddlefish. You don't like paddlefish? Dale and I Well, >> I haven't been in a while. Dale and I went for our anniversary several years ago. So, it's been a while, but we enjoyed it when we did go, but it's been a long time. >> Yeah. >> I will tell you, Dale and I went to that Windir Wine and thing. Tarolina was there. I've actually never eaten there, but they had the best mushroom risoto I've ever had. >> Nice. Oh my goodness, it was amazing. >> I haven't eaten Carolina. >> Have you? >> Yep. >> Never been there. >> The Edison was disappointing. I've only been there once. It was okay. It was okay. Hand pies. Oh, they're going to have hand pies. Okay. So, kind of like an empanada. Sort of, >> right? Is that what a hand pie is? An empanada. Lava lounge. We Dale and I like the lava lounge, too. Yeah. special lights. >> Here's a dino. That's not our dino. >> I was talking to Sounds good, David. She said that, you know, she really liked Disney and different things and whatever, but then one of her friends said um like was like before class and one of her friends like, "Yeah, but she hasn't seen Star Wars." And I was like, "What? How do you even do you even Disney?" Star Wars wasn't Disney first, but I was like, >> you kind of laugh like, do you even Disney? >> Funny. Do you even like >> Yeah, I like Disney, but not Star Wars. Like, that's fair. >> It's like, you know, a lot of people don't like Marvel. Yeah. >> And that's a big Disney thing now, too. >> We were just giving her a hard time. >> Yeah. No, that's funny. >> Yeah. No, Dale and I really wanted to go to Fly and Fish. It was just a little pricey. It looks good though. >> There's Mickey and the social. >> Yes. sorcerer. Mickey, not not the sorcerer. He is the is the sorcerer. >> He is the sorcerer. >> There's always a line to get in Lego store. >> Really? He is. Unless you're here in the morning. >> Unless they have like a release like a new >> really let it be very crowded in there. >> No. Well, sometimes. >> That's probably good for Josh. They have a um a new Lego set that kind of looks like Tank. >> Oh, I've seen it. The golden retriever one. >> It's really cute. >> He's He's close. He's a golden doodle, but still he has a lot of the golden retriever face. Yeah, >> he definitely has a golden retriever goofiness. >> Yeah, he does. >> He's got that kind of like goofy happy thing that a golden retriever. >> Yeah, he does. >> Which is great. He's just like >> he's just happy to be here. >> Doesn't matter. He's like, you know, you could totally just be like, you know, he could get in trouble and like you didn't do, you know, he like jumps on the table or jumps up puts his face on the table sometime >> and you know, we scold him or this or that and like 3 seconds later he's like, "Hi, I love you." >> I know. Well, that's how Chloe always was. Like >> you she'd do something and then she'd come over and lick you like I'm sorry. I'm sorry. >> Don't forget no tank. I think genuinely just like but don't forget I love you. >> Uh Jinger says that I can come with them. They have a reservation for flying fish. Oh no. Okay, that sounds great. Let me know. >> You want to go in the big store? >> Let's go. >> We never call it W Disney. We only call it the big >> That's what we called it growing up. I know. I said that to somebody the other day and they're like, "What store? You know, the big one. >> Yeah, the big store. >> I had to start calling it World of Disney because >> I made it. >> I had I had to >> That was That was funny. Oh, look at these guys. How cute. We've got Sitch, Marie, the Mad Hatter. No, that's not the Mad Hatter. That's a white rabbit. Winnie, a Daisy with Daisy and Tunnel. >> I love that. >> Oh, yeah. >> Also, ooh, these are back in stock. Oh, no. I love this backpack. >> I didn't know they were ever in stock or out of stock either way. >> These were out of stock. They're back. >> I didn't know we had a stock of them at all. >> Yeah. Well, now you know. >> I know. >> $54.99. I might need that backpack. That is really cute. We're in my element, guys. >> This is cute. >> And look, you can get a teeny tiny one to go with it. >> Wait, >> that's for your new emos. >> That's good. >> And then they have a another one, too. >> These are really cute. Is this the same price? Is this 50? No, this is cheaper. This is $49.99. The one with the gold. >> Disney World. >> No, these are all Disney made, too. >> Oh, okay. But I mean, the ones at Animal Kingdom were last >> Oh, you're right. You're right. Yeah, that's true. >> I paid attention. >> Good job. I want to go see if they have this t-shirt I've been looking for. >> I wasn't even asking. I was like, I saw the logo. >> Good job. >> They had a logo. >> It had a logo. >> Socks. >> Oh my word. They do. How cute. >> Scrooge and the nephews. >> Adorbs. Yeah, the one with the gold is more expensive. Oh, it's this shirt. But they were all out of extra smalls. Darn it. They are Yep. All gone. >> Large is the smallest size they have. Should have got it. Sad story. Maybe they'll get more, but Valentine's Day is an outfit. >> I know. It's from Lizzie. >> I am definitely an outfit repeater. They have a Marty girl shirt for the Marty girl. It is a very big store. Yeah, I see why you would get a little overwhelmed. >> They do have the those that we saw at uh Springs >> jerseys. Got a couple smaller sizes. Oh, they have Tinkerbell, too. All right, we're just doing a speed a speed through speed shopping. >> I'm shopping. >> That's funny. >> Didn't say that when we were going through um animal. >> Really? >> We were walking very fast. I love this bag, too. It's like the one I have. >> Yeah. Two water bottle pouches. >> Uh-huh. It fits a lot of things. And you can put your ears in here. ear holder. >> No, I like this. >> This I thought you would like that. There's another shirt I think you might like. So, there's that and then that one. >> Oh, yeah. >> I thought those look like Josh. >> It's all right. >> Josh shirts. >> Have you been to Salt and Straw ice cream? Yes, I have. They do have um non-dairy. I bought this I bought this the other day cuz it's amazing. >> Yeah. But then I tried it on and it's just way too big. I had to return it. It was way too big for me. So I was like, I probably won't wear this. >> But it's adorable. >> It is cool though. >> It is very cool. I could wear it on 626 day and any other day. >> I'm just wandering around. Hi Aaron. >> It is it's speed shopping with Josh >> and Jenna flash everything. Efficiency is overrated. >> That's funny. >> The sloth. >> Yes, I like the sloth. >> Look, Yoda earrings. >> Why don't they have those >> right there? I mean, >> why don't they have the big version? >> Oh, good question. All right, let's look at this shirt. Oh, maybe not. >> Everybody likes it. >> Yeah. >> Oh my god. >> Don't hustle a hustler. >> Don't hustle a hustler. >> That's cute. >> Wine tasting always, David. Always. We put out a whole video on wine tasting at Keel and Curly. Oh, that's fun. I love that. That's cool. Efficiency is overrated. >> Adorbs. >> Flash is great. >> He is great. One of the best. This is cute. Oh, I like these. >> Fun. >> Oh, look. We found David's uh Crocs. >> Yeah, there they are. right here. They can be yours, too. >> For a price. >> For a price. >> For a price. I don't know what the price is, but for a price, they can be yours. >> Maybe they're like 50 bucks or something. >> They're more than that. >> They're more than that. They're not cheap. >> I think they're 65 or 70. Yeah. Got kind of a stealy vibe up here. >> Yeah. >> Oh, they colored it. >> Cute. They did >> fun. >> Oh, there you go. Yeah, you can try and buy the glass. >> I know. I like all the Mickey Mouse Club stuff. The jacket is cute. member. >> Member of the Mickey Mouse Club. >> This is fun. >> Jenna, alert. They're on sale at Disney Store for $35. >> What? >> Those Figment. >> Oh, wow. >> Uh, Crocs. Are you serious, David? >> Oh, I like this. That's cute. I like that jacket a lot. >> Jacket. Yeah. >> What's the back look like? >> Nice. Oh, it's thicker than I was expecting. >> Yeah, it's a thick >> How much? >> Thick one. >> Oo. $100. $99.99. >> Makes sense. It's pretty well pretty well. Uh >> it's a nice jacket. >> Insulated. >> Mhm. It's >> even got pockets. >> Like that, Darl. >> And buttons. >> Pockets. >> It's quilted. It's quilted. >> You would hope so. Oh, it's quilted. Nice buttons. >> You were like, it could have it could have a zip. >> Oh, okay. They were like, "It's quilted." I was like, "You hope so." I was like, "Really? That's like a requirement." >> Sorry, I meant buttons. >> Look, snow jacket must be quilted by the green. >> Yes, exactly. Look, the snow gies. >> Yeah. >> Or snow gies. How do you say it? >> Snowies. >> Snow Gies. I said >> that's how you said it in the show. >> Okay. >> Good snow gies. >> Good snow gies. >> That's like that. That's actually the way the G would be said is like the difference between GIF and GIF >> for the gra for the you know graph GIF file. >> Yep. >> All right. Let us know in the chat. Do you say GIF with a hard G or GIF with a soft G? I'm more likely to say GIF with a hard G. >> Same GIF. That's how I've heard it mostly. >> But then I said snow G with a soft G. >> Oh, good point. >> Yeah, but I think it's just fine that way. >> Well, that's the English language for you. >> Like a Valentine. >> Oh my goodness, he's so cute. Besties forever. These are kids shirts. >> They're so cool. >> They are very cool. I could probably fit into a large. >> Extra large. Snowies. Like boogies. Is that how you say it? That's funny. Um, look, they've got a hat, but it's a bag. But it's a hat. >> But it's a bag. >> It's a bag hat. David says, "Gif with a G." I like it. >> Gift. >> That's what you say. >> Yeah, that's how I say it. RG. >> Yep. >> Agreed. >> Soft G is what the creator of file type says. GIF is pronounced with a soft G. >> I did actually >> the creator said so. >> I did. I did see that >> and then I saw I saw a discussion about this online and somebody said that what the creator said and then the other person said, "Well, he's wrong." >> He's wrong. >> It's all there is to I think I did read that though that the creator said GIF. Huh? >> Okay. Well, there you go, guys. >> In English language, you could actually do it either way. >> Uh-huh. >> G can be soft or hard. >> This is true. >> True statement. >> All right. >> Blingy spacial birth. >> Oh, yeah. >> It's not quite $78,000. I could >> I was going to say it's blingy, but not that blingy. >> David says we care what the creator said. Nah, it's fake news. $59.99. This is a lot more affordable, let me tell you. I actually have it. >> Boom. >> You fit your cookies in there. >> That's a giant orange bird. >> My word. >> Not for Not for sale. >> I didn't even see him up there. I'm too busy looking at the stuff. >> He's almost as tall as you are. >> Adorbs. Love it. Yeah, they do have ears all over for sure. All right, what else can we find up in here? Up in here. Up in here. >> Oh, they have the latte cup again. I like it. A latte. >> I before E except after gift. >> Well, shall we go? Oh, what are these? Hang on. Chocolate chip cookie bites. Okay, those sound delicious. >> Yep. And they're Dino. >> And they're $629. And you probably get like 10 >> cuz that would be done in like a minute and a half, >> right? You're paying for the tin. Can I guess 10 can? >> The can probably cost more than the cookies. >> You're paying for the tin can. Tin can. >> I mean, exactly. >> You're correct. Both times. >> Yep. Nothing can stop us now. >> We didn't know this whole area over here is the checkout, but it's been that way before. >> Yeah. Right here. And >> they still have checkout at the other side, too. >> Uh-huh. Over here. >> It's good that they do cuz they both fill up. >> Or you can do mobile checkout. Check out on your phone. And then there's one here and one over here >> and one at the other door. I think they're at each door. >> I like it. >> What? We'll go faster. Are those cookie bites or a bag of Tate's cookies? I've never had Tates cookies. What are these? >> They bought some for us in uh New York. They're really good. >> So say I don't know what these are that you speak of. >> They're really good. They're they're they're like a crunchier cookie, but they're very good. >> Like a chips and a hoy. >> A little bit of a softer than that. >> Okay. >> Kind of like a cross between the chips of hoy and the chewy. >> Okay. In between a tall Pluto. Cute. >> Oh, don't be sad, Pluto. Don't be sad. No music tonight. >> Oh, Stitch is spitting though. >> Yep. Sure is. >> Yep. >> Tim bought us one of those Spaceship Earth cookie jars and it's filled. Oh, that's awesome, Rich. Oh. Oh, he's he's getting some distance going. >> Yep. >> I don't think he ever makes it all the way out here. >> No, you can tell by the ground, huh? >> Yeah, they did. I agree. I really enjoyed your stream with the girls going to the Montreal resorts. Oh, thank you, Mickey. Feel like one of the girls. I love that. We had a fun morning. >> I was waiting for him. I thought I thought he was going to get those people. >> Oh, Josh was waiting. >> All right, let me go to the co-op to the blind box store. >> Oh, yeah. Is there a line? >> We have a lot of things on our snack list. Churros, Tate's cookies, wine. I mean, everything important. Oh, you forgot beignetes >> and cheeseburger egg rolls. >> Yeah. >> Uhhuh. >> All the things. Add a cart. >> Um, so Dale had to work and then he's just at home tonight doing some things and stuff around the house. Problem is is we're kind of at a standstill until the drywall guy comes and fix the holes in our walls. >> Then we're going to have to rec clean. It's a whole thing. You saw the new Winnie the Poo line boxes. That's what I'm hoping that they have tonight. We're going to find out. >> Here it is. The Disney drop shop. Have you been in this one yet? >> No. >> It's new. They have them. Oh, I'm in trouble. >> Dang it. I'm in trouble. Oh my goodness. Oh, they're out of the stitchy ones. Darn it. These. I need one of these. >> Bringing more out. >> Oh, they're bringing more out. Yay. Oh my goodness. I want this one. >> Are those Are those soft? >> Yes. They're like flocked. >> Flocked. >> Flocked. >> Flocked. Cuz they floofed. It's another It's another word of soft. >> Okay. I might need one of these, too. Darn it. >> Where's the Mr. Cherry products? >> That is a great question, Josh. >> Now I'm sad. Where is it? >> I want to car back. >> Yeah, let's figure out where this is ASAP. Okay, I'm going to need to buy one of these. And I think mom needs one, too. Cardboard box, $5. Have you considered churros? Um, always consider churros. >> Always. Thank you, cardboard box, for the $5. Hey, Stacey, you came at the perfect time. Yes. All right. One of these. Obviously, one of these >> Tron thing. That's fun. >> Oh, the Oh my goodness. All these stitches are Tron. >> Yes. >> Oh my goodness. >> He's about to throw the disc for the blue team or for the red team. >> Okay, that is adorable. And look at him with his little helmet on. Oh my word. >> Look at the picture there. He's like, >> so stinking cute. >> Yep. I agree. >> I definitely don't want any of this, but I'm going to look. >> Oh, I'm I'm buying one of those. I also want one of these. >> Thank you very much. Huh? >> Always. >> I don't understand these. >> We went to dinner. >> They're like $50. No, sorry. $71.99. >> That's what I mean. I don't understand them. >> I'm going to buy one of these. >> We've never eaten there. >> All right. just want one. But which one >> from the back right >> here? >> If you think about it, this is genius marketing >> 100%. >> Cuz they get to save money and have the same box for everything. It actually saves them money and it makes people want to buy it more cuz they don't know what they're getting. >> They're not They don't know what they're getting. I want the Pluto one so bad, but I think it's the Chaser. >> No, it's not. No, it's not. >> They literally save money by having less boxes. Less types of boxes. >> You're right. They're all the same. And you're right. And it makes people want them >> more. Yep. Darn it. Why' we come in here? >> Respect the hustle. >> Okay. And I This is where my Pluto's from. Back here. >> Right there. >> What are these? They're squishy. >> A pop cube. >> No, you have to get random ones. >> All random. See, look. $71.99. I don't get it. >> And then they're more they're more elaborate, but that's about it. >> That's a lot of money. They do their knees been >> They look like Precious Moments except for a little creepier. >> A little creepier. Yeah. >> I like the Star Wars. And then you could get a Luke and a Vader and then they could go together with a little window. >> Fun. >> Also, >> are they Did they come as a pair? >> Looks like they do. >> And R2. Oh, maybe. No. R2. R2 actually squirts water. So, that's fun. It looks like he's putting um it's a message. >> That's the message. He does also squirt water. >> But maybe he is. Maybe he is squirting water. I don't know. >> I think you only get one. >> I know, right? >> Okay. Maybe. So, >> are you freaked out by this? >> 1999. These are fun. They're all Grou being adorbs. >> It says 12 designs in there. >> Don't leave poo. Okay. >> Maybe that's secret. Okay. >> That's a lot of That's more money than I was expecting to pay. Hi, how are you? >> Oh, you're the one in the chat. That's awesome. Good to see you. >> Did you want to say hi on the stream or No. >> Um, I mean, we can't I don't want to interrupt you. >> No, you're not interrupting. Not at all. >> We're just shopping for stuff we can't see. >> Yeah. >> I just told Chris I said if I got into this, I mean, it's bad enough and I hard. It's really hard. Yeah. Yeah. >> Do you guys want to say hi? >> Sure. >> What were your names again? >> Hi. Um, on the chat I'm Sherry Berry. >> Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. >> I'm Sher. >> Hi. >> Good to see you guys. Love the Stitch shirt. >> Giant. >> That's why this desk is >> I Yeah, >> I get it. >> Um, the Krons. Uh, got to love it. Amazing. >> Super cool. Oh, we got to see Patrick Wilbert and um I did at B23. >> Oh, that would have been cool. Yeah, he was at B23. >> Nice. >> Yeah, >> such a chill guy. Just like walked up on the stage. He just kind of like floated up onto the stage and was like the same exact voice. That's like just his regular voice. I don't know. Everything is wonderful and I like everything. And that's I was thrilled to be here tonight. It was just the whole of Kron voice the whole time. >> That's amazing. >> Super cool. >> Oh my gosh. Made a really good lunch pack. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Mhm. Didn't >> think about that. >> Totally. >> Yeah. >> We made keychains for different people. We've been handing them out to like cast members and stuff. >> A That's so sweet. >> So, we just want to say thank you. >> Now, I You don't have to have the stitching. >> Oh, no. I love it. Thank you. Oh my goodness. That is so cute. Focus. >> That is amazing. >> This one says Batu Citizen. >> So cute. >> Apparently, we only have these Mickey. >> Oh, no. I'll take the Epcot one. That's >> Josh's vod. >> Thank you. That's really cool. 3D printed it. >> I like it. Look, >> that is so cool. >> I like it. Yeah, he sure does. I >> I don't make any guarantees, but it should survive a hot car >> in Florida. >> Okay, sounds good. >> Goes in my pocket. So, >> hopefully survive in my pocket. >> Adorable. >> And I designed these. These are water resistant, not proof. But I designed them based on the original tickets. >> Oh my goodness. How cool. >> So that's amazing. >> That's super fun. Mom and dad actually have a uh >> Oh gosh. The ticket ones too. >> A You don't Thank you. I was going to say they have the original tickets, the E tickets. >> Yeah. A's stream all the time. A These are cool. Yeah. Now, did you >> These are so cool. Were you able to print it in multiple colors or do you paint it? >> No, that's printed in multiple colors. >> How cool. >> That's cool. >> One of these days, my son loves all that, but we've not gone into that yet. >> We got So, >> if we can catch you another time, we'll um get him a a keychain, too. We've got Figment um and Figment. >> I love Figment, but it's one of my faves. And we have the blue. >> We'll just bring one if we can catch you guys. >> That's so sweet. Thank you. No, these are great. >> Totally fine. I was I was just saying he'd like to get into 3D printing and I didn't know you could print in colors now. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah, absolutely. >> The Bamboo Labs P1S is what I used for this. >> Okay. >> But I mean, if you do have any questions, just, you know, look, you know, share myself up on the conversation. >> Nice. >> Love to chat cuz I I have a couple of my older laptop can feed the old like old ones that I fixed. Yep. >> Whereas the plastic is broken and like you can't get any parts. >> But there are people who have already designed the replacements. I just need to find a printer strong enough. The key is to find something strong enough that it'll survive a laptop. >> You can't just use regular like you know >> thanks cardboard filament. It's got to be like super strong. >> I know. Super sweet. >> Very cool. They love the ticket. They think that's cool. And the keychains >> that would survive being open and closed repeatedly like this. Oh, you're all good. No worries. >> Anyway, well, we'll have to talk cuz I loved all that stuff. I just don't have room for >> Look at him like he's all different Disney characters. >> I want the Pluto one. I love dogs. I'm on social media. >> You and I talked on one of your dogs. >> No, no, it's all good. No, I love talking. So do I. >> I call her cats, >> which is actually four, but it still says two. >> Yeah, I love that. I don't have any kids. >> So you remember that like I was like they they are your kids >> 14 or something that wasn't actually all the way through high school. >> Wait, this isn't trust. >> What is your best day ever? >> Might be crooked. >> I have no I couldn't see. >> Best day ever. Yeah. Thank you. >> Okay, we were here. We came in last Friday a little bit on >> Oh my god. Yeah, they were cold, guys. Did you hear that? >> It was freezing though. Like Like it felt like 20 or something. It was crazy. >> It was awful. >> Thank you. Those are cute. >> I never get my nails done unless we're going on vacation. >> Did you see Magic Kingdom? I saw pictures. I wasn't there. Were you there? That is cool. I wish I would have gone. I took so many pictures here. >> You know, just really I was like, "Oh my goodness, this is the future." >> So like, >> okay, that's amazing. Tiki has a on his tongue. Okay, that's cool. >> Nintendo stereo. >> Before we sell out, I'm going to grab one of these. >> I still have all that stuff. >> Oh, there it went. >> Sorry. Excuse me. I got the last one. >> I'm sure they have more >> old TVs with the one speaker. >> There's a lot of TVs at that time. >> They'll probably bring more out. >> One speaker, >> but this like we actually had the actual stereo speakers like feel like I had a disadvantage. >> But these are cute, too. That's the way it was supposed to sound. >> Do you remember having to hold up Nintendo? >> It is. Florida Cold is different. >> The gray box adapter, the RF switch. >> Thank you. >> Yes, I remember that like this massive TV. >> Oh, yeah. You got a truck switch. >> Got the Zootopia, all the things. >> I got it all. >> It was It was a mad dash. >> I didn't need them, but then I needed them in >> the early 2000s. It still works. >> Or I'll give it to mom. We'll see. >> But it um Jenna helped me carry it in years and years and years. What? I do >> the old TV that I have on my Nintendos. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> But she for a while when she was going to school at Indiana State and um anyway, it's all hooked up through Composite cuz it's like right back channel thingy. But >> do you remember Pac-Man where you would sit down? >> Thanks, Amy. >> Oh, the the cocktail table. >> Yes. Yes. I remember bugging my mom for corners. >> Those were at like Pizza Hut and stuff. Remember those? >> At the table. >> Uh-huh. Oh, I remember. Yeah. Pizza Hut was always fun. And they had the best games. >> They had those at executive in too. >> Did they? I don't remember that. >> Our town we grew up in had this really cool old hotel. >> It was amazing. It had torn down cool inside. >> Actually was where we had our wedding party stay at when we got married. >> That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> They tore it down and Yeah. But anyway, it had like all these tabletop video games like that. >> Always reasons why we like to come to Disney. >> All right, Josh. I need help here. No, you're fine. I got you. I have all the things in my hands. >> Yeah, I got you. >> We have the keychains and I'll There we go. Very good. Thank you. >> Okay. We'll catch you guys before we leave and we'll give you some more key. >> Thank you very much. Nice to meet you guys. >> I'm actually going to give you the stream cuz I got to go buy stuff. >> Okay. >> All right. >> Hi guys. Talking tech. >> Yes. >> Two techie friends. >> Okay. They were both interested in the tech. What David say? Guess who has a cocktail table Pac-Man? Wait, do you have a cocktail table one? I forgot if you had that or not. That's cool. >> Start the Dale connection discombobul. That's too funny. All right, let's go look around here. >> So, I don't think the I think the uh I think the the Mr. Toad is officially gone. I'm sure they I'm sure they stored it somewhere. How was your day? It was great. Can you show the Zootopia blind boxes? Sure. Oh, the arcade one up. That's cool. I knew they made one. I just hadn't seen it for a while. Of course, I haven't been to your house, so I didn't know. You have played my arcade machine. Wait, Zootopia boxes. Hold on. I don't know. This place makes my head spin a little bit. >> I'm not I'm not made for this. Oh goodness. Oh, over here. Over here. Okay. Here's Utopia. So, it used to be some kind of like um what was it? What do they call it? 1933 or something. 1928. There was a there was a something 1928 store and it was like all kinds of uh vintage theme park merch and Walt merch. There's Zootopia through arcade machines better. Well, it's I I'm pretty lucky to have it for sure. Oh, the ticket. No, the ticket is for um it's like a it's like a replica of the one of the original park tickets. Hold on, guys. Got to work my way through the crowd here. >> This is quite the popular place. Can you imagine? Like everybody's excited about this this stuff, >> not about not knowing. >> All right. Let's see. >> See if I can put put our goodies in my pocket so I don't drop them. I'm afraid I'm going to drop them. Okay. >> Stainless probably want them though. Oh, I'm sure he didn't buy that. I bet they put it back in storage wherever it was. >> Pretty sure you have to check out hereish. I don't know. Did you just lose your spot? >> I wasn't in line. >> Oh, >> I went to get another one for mom. >> Okay. >> You can check out >> that. I don't know. You have to ask. Oh, >> okay. Yeah, they're all moving. >> Cool. >> I think I dropped something over here. >> No, I didn't. Okay, we're good. We're good. I was just making sure. It's quite busy. Like what? It's almost like they they must have just like put out a bunch of stuff. Like did they put out a bunch of new stuff and that's why everybody's like vultures over here. Look at this. Everybody's like, "Oh, this is a is this a trading area? I think this is the trading area. That's a thing. That's cool." Hold on. Let me switch the brightness a little bit. There we go. Interesting. Very interesting. found her. >> Okay. >> All right. That was >> do what? >> That was way quicker. >> Yeah. >> All right. >> What was going on? It was like vultures. >> Everybody wanted the one ones and the >> But why like right just now? Why? Like why? Why? >> That is a great question. I mean it just everybody was like let's go to the blind box store. I have no idea. >> Are they returnable? I don't think they are. No. >> And you cannot use your a >> Wow. A lot of them are from Popart and that's why cuz they're not I mean they're they're licensed by Disney but >> what a brilliant like concept of like you can't return it. >> I know >> it's all like packaging is easy like >> Yep. And if you don't get the one you want you keep coming back to try to get >> well they're tra they're trading over here. >> But you could do that. >> I don't know how successfully. I'm just saying there were people trading. I don't know if anybody agreed to a trade, but I love this whole line. Retro. >> Yeah, it's cool. >> You remember these? >> Mine will be negative 30. Wow. Stay warm. Oh my gosh. >> Yeah, I think I bought one >> when there was all the when there was all Well, also um when there was all the retro merch for a while. >> For the Well, yeah. And for even for Disneyland 70th, I think I bought one. >> Okay, gotcha. Uh, whenever you get a chance. I I want to uh I've got all those things in my pocket. I didn't want to >> Oh, yeah. Here >> lose them or lose them or smash them. >> Let's go see what's back here. >> Those tickets, too. >> I have it. >> Okay, good. Cuz I >> I want to lose it. >> Okay. I thought I blocked it. >> No, I got it. I >> They're excited with what they got. It's a whole thing. You should see Josh's face. Oh, she got Dale or something. Daisy. See, it's so fun. >> The blind box. It's like a adrenaline rush. Yay! I got what I wanted. So cute. Well, she got Pluto. >> Is everybody okay? >> I freaked out when I got Pluto. I get it. >> I get it. >> I think this was >> I love the excitement. It's so fun. >> She got Chip and she got Dale. >> Whose was this? Uh, dad. >> Okay. >> Mom or dad? Mine was uh Stitch. >> Okay. >> She got Pluto and she didn't want him. Are you serious right now? He's the best. >> Here, I'll give you these. >> Did somebody just get into college or get proposed to? David said, "That's so funny." >> He's having a baby. >> Pass out the cigars. All right. Here. >> Uh, let's see. So, >> Stitch, >> here. I'll give you these and you can give those to mom and dad. >> Okay. Well, okay. Give them to me and then I'll you put yours away, then I'll put mine away. >> And then I'll I'll I'll give the little Mickey to Liam. >> I You have my Stitch one, too. >> Oh, I do. >> Well, I don't have it. >> Hold on. >> I gave it to you. >> I do. Wait. Wait for it. There it is. >> She got Pluto. >> Okay. I'm right. I'm right back. >> Okay. >> Yeah. >> Thanks for 2100 still in the chat. >> We got 1212 likes. >> 20 12 1212 >> 1212 >> 2100 watching the boxes unfold. I know. >> I should I should unbox mine. >> You should >> You should do an unboxing. >> Video. >> This is a video. >> Should we see what I got? >> Sure. If you want to do it somewhere. I guess we need to do it where there's light. >> Y. >> You should go over there and scream. You should go scream when you open it. >> Go over there and be like here. Right here. You got to scream when you open it, >> guys. She's got to scream. It's a thing. >> I heard. >> All right, I'm going to open Stitch. >> I heard it's a thing. >> So, I really, really, really want this one. >> That one. >> But they're all cute. So, here's the ones I can get. This one's cute, too, with the tiny little Mickey. Cute. They're all cute. I mean, you can't go wrong. All right. Here we go. >> Okay. And there's a secret one. I don't know what the secret one is. >> There's always a secret one. >> Mhm. >> A chaser. >> Prove blind boxes are $40 on Facebook Marketplace. Of course they are. >> $40 on Facebook Market. Okay, here we go. >> Don't look at the card cuz it tells you what you got already. >> Oh, >> but >> it's it's in a it's in a Okay. It's in a non-clear package. >> Yep. Ready? >> Ready. >> No, I don't know. Oh my goodness. Look at him. >> Woo. Oh, sorry. >> He's in his I got excited. >> That's cute. >> I don't know why, but I did. Is that the one? That's not the one you wanted. >> No, but it's so cute. >> Do you feel it? It's flopped. >> It's floed. >> Flopped. >> It's flocked. Floofted. >> I love it. Oh my goodness. It's so cute. Okay, I'm excited. >> All right, I got one more. I got one for mom. >> Okay, mom can open hers. >> But there's um they're different seasons. So, we got winter, we got fall, and then we've got spring and summer. I really don't care which one I get. They're all cute. >> How much is that piece of plastic? David says >> it was $16.99. Not bad. >> Not as bad as it would as I would have thought. A little more because it's a fluffy keychain. >> It's a plushie. >> Yeah, it's it was $21.99. Oh my god. >> Again, no discounts. >> Hi. >> We watch you. >> Oh, thank you. I watch you on YouTube. That's so crazy. >> Thank you so much. >> Are you for TV? >> Yes. >> So, we saw somebody wearing one of your sweatshirts. Funny cuz And we were looking for you. >> Oh, too funny. >> Nice to see you. >> We weren't wearing our own sweatshirt. No, you're good. You're totally fine. >> But just know you're being watched. >> Oh, thank you. All right, let's see what I get. It's in another bag. It's in a bag. Bag in a bag. >> That's actually a bag in a box, just to be clear. >> That's it. Sorry. >> Oh, sorry. Not open yet. >> I was early on the Woo. Yay. >> Oh my word. I did want this one. A You got watermelon. >> It actually fits me well. So, >> yes, it does. in summer. >> Guys, you saw it here first. We unboxed it. >> It is the same feeling like opening up a pack of baseball cards. Okay, now you now you're speaking my language. I understand that. >> One one time for Christmas, Mom and Dad bought me a whole box of the little baseball card packs. >> I remember. >> So, yeah. So, then I would open one every day cuz it was fun. You didn't want to open them all in one day. So, yeah. >> And then you put them on your backpack. >> Not the baseball cards, but yeah, these things. I mean, baseball cards on your backpack would be weird, but yeah. >> All right. For mom and we'll let her open it. >> All right. That was >> That was exciting. We should have gone over there with the woos. >> I have my own. >> I wooed for you. >> Thing is, how do they know you paid for it? >> I don't know. >> I guess you have your receipt. Honor system. >> I do have my receipt. >> Yeah. >> No. >> Okay. That was fun. Now I want more. >> It was wooing. >> I have unopened I have unopened packs of garbage pail kids. Those are probably worth a lot. Remember Garbage Pale Kids? >> Yes. >> Somebody said they have they had unopened. >> So they have cards of them, too. Yeah. >> And they have unopen. Somebody has unopened packages of them. I said, I bet that's worth money. >> Unopened packs. But now you can't open them because they they're be worth nothing at that or very little at that point. >> I hear music. It's like the $1 million Mario cartridge. There's a 1 million or five. It's either 750 or 750,000 or 1 million um Mario Super Mario cartridge because it's in the box and when you open it it's, you know, not worth that much anymore, >> right? >> Oh, there is music. We had a good time. >> That's how they get you. You can open stickers may have trouble this. Well, definitely if there's any gum in there, I wouldn't eat it. You know how baseball cards had gum in there? >> You have 40-y old baseball cards or garbage fail cards with gum. I would not eat the gum. Don't stop the party. >> That's right. >> I don't know the words there. Still tasty. That preservative works well. >> Oh, I got to do the beat boxing. That's right, David. >> I learned all my beatboxing. They won't. They will stop the party. They won't. >> That's weird. >> That girl's got the year of my graduation on her pants. I like am I that older people in my graduation year on their pants? >> Am I that old? >> Well, we are old. >> All right, fine. at the party. >> What are you talking about? Non-nutrient cereal varnish. That's a That's Car Grisswald. Yep. >> Boots and cats. >> Sure. Boots and cats. Boots and cats. Oh, we thought the cars would be worth more. They're not, apparently. Okay, cool. Yeah, I didn't I didn't know. It just depends on what it is. >> The garbage. >> Yeah. >> Well, this depends on how many there are and how many people actually want them. >> That's why some of the computers I've got are worth so much cuz there's so few left. >> Yeah, >> they scared me. Those garbage. >> What's that? >> The garbage scared me. >> Yeah, they were weird. I just wasn't into it. >> Yeah. I liked cabbage patch kids when I was sure. >> I remember my friends at him though and I was like, "What are you doing?" >> It's not as crowded as I thought it would be. >> No, not bad. >> Oh, I need to plug in the battery. I've learned that if it gets below 20% and it's chilly, it's like game over quickly. I I I my Tuesday, tranquil Tuesday last week, >> it went from 15% to 5 to three, and I was like, "Okay, bye everybody." >> Mine doesn't do that that quick. >> Only when it's cold. >> Oh my god. >> I don't think it's as cold tonight, but I don't want to take the chance. >> Probably going to end pretty soon, though. >> I want I'm going to get up tomorrow and go to Magic Kingdom. >> Yep. We better. We could head back Yep. towards the orange. >> But at least this way it won't end early. >> Yeah, >> I need to find a rest room before we go. >> Yeah, the battery doesn't last as long as even though it's not anything below like 50 or 60. >> Somebody said, "Why is it so cold?" >> Yeah, >> that is a great question. Somebody up north, we've got your weather. Can you please come and get it? >> I saw somebody post that like um where there was actually like sleep one year. >> Yeah. And like somebody had like actual snow that they could draw in here in Florida. >> And somebody posted they posted, "Attention northerners, your weather is drunk and on my lawn. Please come get it. >> Please come get it. >> Go home. Go home weather." >> It is a good night. Yeah. Good night for Disney Springs. Uh Steph and Liam are at home tonight. They don't usually come on Friday nights. >> No. >> Liam at karate tonight. I took him over there. >> Fun. >> And then Steph brought him home. >> Perfect. All right, I guess I'll take it. >> Mom wants to know how New York was. >> It was great. Cold, but great. >> Yeah. >> There we go. Okay. All right. We're ready. >> Oh, the other thing was because it was close to freezing that night. We were out at Tranle Tuesday. The battery wouldn't work. >> The battery had an error message on it. >> Yeah. I've never seen that. >> So, my battery >> when it's cold, it works when it's hot, doesn't it? It does, but the battery itself was they said um our friends from Michigan said you have to keep the batteries like warm like in your pocket close to you. >> Really? >> Yeah. Cuz certain portable batteries they said they'd had that problem in Michigan where the the little rechargeable batteries don't work. Interesting. Anyway, the weather in New York um when we got there it was like 8. I don't know. I think the the first night we were there the low was one with a negative like some negative whatever windchill. >> It was cold 100%. See here's a lime garage is under renovation. So, nobody's going in. Nobody's going out. >> Windows. >> No doors. >> Except for there is. >> Yeah. But anyway, no, it was it was cold. Uh, when can New Jersey get warmer? I'm sure David would like that. >> Yeah. No, it was there were times when we would we were mostly we were mostly like inside the building where we were having the the performance, but um when we did go back outside, it was like brutal. >> Yeah. I remember one year I went with Dale to Chicago for a conference when we lived in Indiana and he's like, "Come, it'll be fun." It was during the winter. He's like, "When I'm at the conference, we can go shopping and hang out." I literally walked out and I had all my winter things on, you know? >> Yeah. And I went and got food and went right back to the hotel room. I ended up watching, I think, movies cuz it was just so, >> you know, like you said, when you get around the building that went >> Oh, yeah. >> Chicago City. >> Yes, it is. Lime Garage, Esta Serado. That's right. It is closed. >> That's a Disney Ever After Shop. >> Okay. I mean, there definitely are things in there. I can see it from here. >> Okay. I see that there is merch. Thank you. >> I got this for mom. >> Cool. >> Mickey mom gen style police officer with Elsa under arrest. That's funny. Poor Elsa. >> I love that. >> More headbands, huh? It's like all the rage now. >> What? >> Headbands. And then there's like light up ropes. videos. >> You watch. >> Oh, thanks. >> Thank you. >> Did you see this? >> I was raised in Michigan, so I >> ducks. Disney ducks. >> Disney ducks. I love it. >> That's funny. Carbo box. >> Thanks, Tracy. >> Tracy, we appreciate it. Oh, there's the Mickey sunglasses. I have those. >> I have ones. I actually wear those streaming. So, it like blocks the sun a little, but I can still see the screen. >> Okay. >> It's perfect. >> That's right. >> I love the chesure cat stuff. And there's Marie. You don't Marie doesn't get a lot of love >> more lately. And Dwight Rabbit and the other white rabbit stuff. >> He says, "Hello, goodbye." >> Hello. Goodbye. He does right there. >> I'm late. I'm late. I'm late. >> Wrong. >> The diaries. >> There's a new temperature scale below shopping threshold. Right. That's funny. >> No, that was the only thing about like I said about um like this is kind of chilly, but like you actually feel like when you when you get when it gets down into the like the zeros and you're like this is unsafe. >> It hurts. >> Yeah, it kind of hurts. You got to be bundled up. >> You know what was crazy? When I lived up north and worked at the school, we would take the kids out if it was zero or above. >> Zero degrees. >> Uhhuh. >> Wow. Wow. >> So for us actually they are they are built different. >> So in southern Indiana the rule was as long as the windchill wasn't below zero. >> Sorry. Windchill windshield. >> Yeah. If the windchill was below zero then they take then they wouldn't take them out. >> Totally. Yeah. Sorry I didn't say that right. Windshield. >> And we did that when we were at school. You you put a coat on. >> They would have like snow pants. >> Oh yeah. >> Well they go out in the snow. They play. >> We didn't we didn't have Well, I don't think we brought snow pants cuz it was too much to put on for recess. You missed most of your recess by the time you got out there. >> Yeah, these kids did though. I would put snow pants on. >> I had gloves and hat. >> So cold. >> And mom just packed us gloves and hat inside the coat and you just put your gloves and hat on and you would go play >> outside. >> I mean, I don't think I'd put snow pants on though. Now at home I did. If we were going to play outside in the snow for a long time, then you would. >> They did. >> Now the older kids could get their stuff on pretty quick. >> Yeah. Younger kids. >> Oh, you had to help them. Yeah. >> Can Can you zip my cone? >> Oh, yeah. I'm sure. >> We got a weather warning that you can get frostbite this weekend in 30 minutes with uncovered skin. Yep. That sounds about right. That's what I said. Dangerous. Dangerous. >> Thank you. >> You want it up and down? is taking a picture. >> Yes, it will be an end day. Yep. Stay warm. It's been one of my favorite streams. I love that, Ann. Thanks. Two day two more days before the Super Bowl. Go Patriots. All right, cool. Yeah, I'm >> not I'm not not usually been a um >> I've not usually been a uh >> Patriots fan just cuz you know I was a Colts fan but yeah it's uh definitely um the Colts haven't been good for a while so so yeah go whoever I'm just glad I won that's all I care about the Super Bowl people are talking about Patriots Super Bowl >> I'm going for the Seattle Seahawks cuz our friends Sharon and Andy >> oh they okay all right >> also I'm not a fan of the Patriots >> never been a fan >> nope never >> and you know what I always you respected Tom Brady. He's a good player. He still seems like a good guy. Like it's fine. I have no no problem. Just not the team as a whole. >> And obviously he doesn't play for them for a long time. But still, >> he's been retired for a long time. >> Yeah, he has. >> He's a commentator now, right? >> Or does he? >> No, no, he works for the uh he works for the Raiders. >> He moved for the Tampa Bay. >> Tampa Bay. >> Yeah, he was with Tampa Bay for a little bit. It's like Tampa Bay Tampa Bay. >> Yeah, >> they closed my Oh, no. >> How come it looks like part of it closed, though? >> Maybe they're refurbing, right? >> Maybe. >> I like the shoe store. >> Tom Brady's al always such a jerk about the Eagles. Well, there was always a rivalry between between uh Philadelphia and New England for sure. Oh my god. >> And then between the Colts and New England, too. Did you see something? >> I see something. >> This is uh all the This is all the stuff for your house that you didn't know you needed. >> Hi. >> You saw that from all the way out there? >> No, I thought it was something else. >> Oh, hey Jenna. darker >> if you start if you start right there and then you just read around the thing. >> Here's a short list of everything. It looks really important for you. Oh my goodness. >> Cool. But it's a lot of reading. >> You just want to grab it and like turn it around in circles. >> Used to vacation here in Costa Rica. Nice. >> All right. >> Answer is yes. >> Something I needed. >> No, you didn't. You didn't. Thanks. >> Thank you. >> You didn't need it. >> It wasn't what I thought it was. >> No. I I would have been impressed if you actually saw that from way all the way out there. >> Are we in a mall? It No, this park kind of does look like a mall a little bit for sure. But it's cool also cuz they've got it kind of built into this old kind of warehouse looking thing. >> Yeah. >> Very pretty. >> I mean, you go out here immediately, you're like, "No, this is not a mall." >> Yeah. >> Also, there's a Coke store, so that's already automatically cool. >> Plan of Hollywood. It's like one of the last Plane of Hollywoods, right? >> Put it on a lazy Susan. I love that. Yeah, it is one of the last plane of Hollywoods. I think there's a couple more somewhere. >> Yeah, I like the architecture, too. Of course, the springs always went over to this point. >> Um or at least No, actually, it stopped here at Planet of Hollywood. >> It did. You know, you're right. There was a parking lot right here. >> Yeah, actually. Yeah. You went out of Planet of Hollywood and you were in the parking lot that we would have been walking like along the side of the road here. Excuse me. Person who works here, can you take this down so I can spin it? Yeah, >> probably. You just type in the first few words of it and it'll come up on Google. I'm sure it's just some saying they stole off the internet and printed on a thing that goes around in circles. >> No worries. June didn't wasn't able to watch, but you can always watch the replay. Thanks for watching the replay. Oh, we haven't really done a whole lot of sponsors, have we? >> No, not at all. I did I did Surf Shark earlier. >> All right. Well, let's talk about Mickey Travels, guys. If you want to go uh book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World, check out mickeytras.com. That is mickeyras.com for the best and free Disney vacation planning advice. Just go to mickeytras.com. Also, mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. Again, mickeyras.com and mickeyblog.com. We also have resort tv1homes.com if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida. We got resorttv1homes.com. Hey, it may not always be warm, but it's not as cold as up north. >> There you go. >> And we have Disney World. >> And we also have Disney World. So yeah. Anyway, uh resort tv1homes.com. Again, resortvomes.com. Go check it out, everybody. It's a great great way to get yourself here to Central Florida. Again, resort tv1homes.com. >> Poker by EXP. >> That's right. What else do we have? Uh, Davis DBC Rentals, DBCrequest.comtv. It's dbcrequest.com/tv. If you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, check out davisdbc rentals. Dbcrequest.com/tv. All right, let's see. I've never seen the view from Coca-Cola Wolf, but I think what others enjoy. Yeah, >> we'll have to do it again, but maybe not tonight. >> Oh, people's pipes have been breaking. Wow. Yeah. Uh, yours wasn't about the cold, I don't think. It was there was already a leak there like over a month or more. >> Wow. But you're but this person was >> water bill was higher. >> That's how we knew Dale was like, "Okay, something's wrong. >> Something's up." >> This person's a plumber up north. >> Oh, I mean that could have happened to some people if they, you know, didn't prepare their pipes right here. >> We're going to be in temps in 40 and 52 by Monday and Tuesday in Chicago. Heat wave. Nice. >> Wow, that is a heat. >> Hey, mouse talk. Yes, we've got right now it's 50. Feels like 43. When the wind's not blowing, it's not bad. >> It's really not bad >> if you if you have one. >> Yeah. So, uh, we have, let's see, we have a Davis DBC Rentals. We also have >> Dreamtable.co. >> Yeah, Dreamtable. Go ahead. >> Dreamtable.co. If you guys are looking for a really hard to get reservation here at Disney. Um, um, go check out dreamtable.co either on the app store or you can go find it online and, uh, put in your reservation that you're looking for, the number of people, the date, all the things. and then they'll notify you whenever that res reservation becomes available. So, they won't make the reservation for you, they will notify you. You go into the app and you make the reservation. Again, dreamtable.co, guys. Go check them out. All right. We also have um let's see, behind the Ride on Amazon. Just go check out Behind the Ride on Amazon and Disney Demystified on Amazon to find out all the greatest history and fun stories about how Walt Disney World was created. It's uh Disney Demystified and behind the Ride on Amazon. We also have uh layer 1 technology >> for all your tech needs, for your business tech needs. If you have a small business or mediumsiz business and you want tech support, go check out um layer 1 technology, support at layer onetchnology.com. I'll be live tomorrow at um about 9:30 or so, maybe in about 12 hours. So, go check that out. Uh I may be live earlier if I can make it earlier, but I'm going to say 9:30. Get give myself a little grace. Um and also, we have um thank you to all of our YouTube members. Thank you to all of our Patreon members. >> Mhm. >> And uh thank you to all of our moppers for mopping tonight. >> Yes. And hoppers for hopping >> and platinum members >> for shopping. >> And boppers for boopping the like button. >> Yes. >> Uh we have our uh platinum members who pledge $50 a month and we appreciate that. Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Stephanie Mertz, Go Mini, Dian 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, William Liy, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, The Amazing, Jaylen Moxley, Cicander Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Hun, Ali Barisimo, and Alan J. >> Yay. Thanks, guys. >> Feel like the Micro Machines guy. I was saying it fast. >> You guys remember Micro Machines? Yeah, it was like micro machines. >> They were great. >> I don't remember what he said it, but it was really fast. >> Yeah, really slow. All right, everybody. >> Thanks for joining. >> Yeah, probably no vlogs um this weekend, right? >> Uh no, I don't have any, but um I'll hopefully be live on Monday morning for Magical Monday as long as everything goes well with the drywall person. >> There you go. >> They're coming next week sometime. So, just have your notification bells on, but I should be live Monday. >> Yep. I do I do have a video coming after my stream tomorrow. Just one of those chopping up different little fun clips in the stream where I talked about value resorts and how valuable they are. >> Value resorts are valuable. >> Yeah, they're good value. Who knew? >> All right, everybody. We'll see you see you tomorrow morning and Jen will see you Monday. Whoops. There we go. >> Monday. Monday. Monday. I was going to go live Sunday night from Marty Gall, but then I remembered it's Super Bowl, so nobody will watch. >> Yeah, you don't want to go live on the Super Bowl. >> I will not. >> They will not. All right, everybody. We'll see you soon. See you tomorrow morning. >> See you soon. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Bye.
