---
video_id: H2Lch0Xz2pE
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Friday Night Live at the Skyliner Resorts - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 3-20-26"
published: 2026-03-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2Lch0Xz2pE
---
Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna >> and Dale >> with Resort TV1 and we are live tonight um for Friday Night Live at the Skylliner Resorts. >> Yes, >> that's not one. I wouldn't stay there. I I heard, you know, they like when you drop in, but I wouldn't say that. >> It just that one just goes up and down. You don't really You get to your destination when you get >> It has some up and down reviews. >> Yeah, reviews. >> So, technically not not a Skylliner resort over there. >> No, it's not a Skylander resort, but they're from the Skylander. >> That's right. Welcome in everybody. Thanks for being here. Before um we get too far into the video, I want to make sure everybody hits that subscribe button. Make sure you hit the notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all the social media or Resort TV one on all the things. >> All the things. >> Welcome in, guys. And yes, happy first day of spring. >> Is it really? >> Yeah. >> Hallelujah. >> Woo. Hey, Maria's Adventures. Tim, Timothy, Benjamin, Ryan. Uh, hello. Hello. Let's see. Josh, Dan, Alicia, Daryl, Brad, Michael, Susan, Emara, Jake. Jake. Uh, Matthew, Dr. Dad. Hello, Evan. >> Dr. Dad. >> Coco. Tim is here. All right. Uh, let's go get on the Skyliner. It's right over here. >> Mhm. >> Hi, Boot Polo. Yes. Hooray. We made it to spring. Crazy, too, because we've been in Florida unusually chilly for this time of year. It is very weird to be chilly in March. >> End of March at that. >> End of March. Exactly. >> Which I know the rest of the country, it's a little crazy, too. You're getting tons of snow at the end of March. >> Very crazy. Hey, Darl and Victoria. Hey, Jacob. >> It is definitely out of control. Hi, Ann. Joey's world. Jay, what up? That's right, Jay. Hi, Edwin. Hi, Kathleen. Today is the first day of spring. I know it crazy. Going to have tuna fish for dinner. I think that's what Dale had. Hi, Craig. >> I did tuna and crackers. >> Disney D. Yes, let's go have some fun. We're gonna we're going to hop on the Skyliner >> and uh of course head to the hub because that's the only place you can go first and then after that we'll decide where we're going to go. Hi Leslie. Hi Noel. Hi Kelly. Clement Rock. Mia is here. Drew Brad. Let's see. I guess the swear I don't know. It doesn't really matter. I don't think. >> Hi, Wendy. >> Thank you so much, Joe. That's so sweet. >> Very good evening. Hi, Apple Dude. Hi, Gavin. Hello, Tony Hall. Alabama girl. Hello. Hello. All right, guys. Give us one second here. >> We're going to see about getting on the Skyliner. Everybody say hi to Dale. >> Got his Chip and Dale shirt on. >> Chip and Dale's wildest adventures tonight. >> Yes. >> Hi Dale. >> Hey, please from Liz, please. >> Okay. All right, guys. Oh, we're going really far. >> Yeah, we did. Shoot. I didn't ask. >> Oh, well, too late. >> Usually the doors aren't wrapped, so hopefully we'll be able to see out the door. >> Yeah. >> It is a bright, beautiful day today. It's the warmest we've been in a little bit. Not quite stopped, but all >> Hey, Maria Hall. >> Mike says, "So, just Josh and Dale tonight?" Well, I'm not Josh, so no. Jenna and Dale. >> That's correct. >> Phoenix. >> All right, guys. Here we go. >> Oh, we got this new mirror and the [ __ ] guy. >> Cocksworth. Yeah. >> Oh, yeah. >> T is a clock guy. >> I'm lucky. I don't know how >> you said. Good job. >> Try watching >> came right off the >> Good job. >> I can't see anything. >> Anyway, >> I know. Me neither, actually. >> Hey, Tiger Gail. How are you? >> I haven't been cars in a long time. >> That's also true. You've been golfing a lot. >> No, actually, no. >> I mean, >> ladies and gentlemen, >> welcome aboard the Disney Skyliner at Disney's Hollywood Studios. >> We are on our way to Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort with connecting flights to Epcot International Gateway, Disney's Pop Century Resort, and Disney's Art of Animation Resort. We hope you enjoyed your visit to Hollywood today. Now, wave goodbye to your adoring fans below. Bye. Bye-bye. >> Wait, it's windy in here. >> Yep. See how they did? They move the cone so nobody can cut the parking. >> Yeah. No, they sure can't. >> Oh, they're getting some good parking. >> Just a few moments. >> Not all the way down. >> Over the headarters of the Everglades. The water that flows from the protected wetlands around Walt Disney World Resort travels all the way to the Everglades, the Atlantic Ocean, and the Gulf of Mexico. I saw armadillo on the way in. >> You saw an armadillo? That's funny. Remember that night we saw like three armadillos? I don't remember where we were going. Somewhere. >> These things are crazy looking. >> Yeah, they are. >> Do you think the structures are on these trees? Mhm. >> Did you know that the entire Walt Disney World Resort is over 40 square miles? That's about the same size as the city of San Francisco and double the island of Manhattan. This is crazy. Thanks, Hershel and Margie. Yep. Can't see out of this way. >> Nope. >> The wrapped ones are cool from the ground, but not when you ride in them. Any deer? >> Any deer? >> No deer. >> We will be arriving at Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort shortly. All passengers must disembark and transfer at this station. Thank you. And we hope you enjoyed the most magical flight on earth. >> You see what a bowling pin's house like what? >> Yes. >> That pop. >> I think that's man it is windy. >> Skylight. What is it? When exiting the cabin, please children collect your belongings and watch your steps. Thank you for flying with us. Your service heavy. >> It is heavy, isn't it? I know it. >> All the other things. >> We might head to the Epcot one if it doesn't have a long line and then we will ride around over there a little bit. >> All right. All right. All right, >> thank you. All right, so we had a couple super chats. We have Hershel and Margie. Lenny, $10 says, "Hi, Jenn and Dale. Have fun tonight." Thank you so much, Hershel and Margie. Thanks, Marshall. >> We will do our best. >> And his fans sent a $5 super chat. Can you do a special o to my cousin Anna Grace and her choir group, Johnson Central High School? They will be performing uh at Disney Hollywood Studios for Festival Disney. Oh >> sure. What's going on? >> Not sure either. So, thank you so much, Disan. That's super cool. So, wait, are they going to be uh Oh, Disney Springs. Disney Springs. When are they gonna be there? Is it tonight? Well, do an awesome job, Anna Grace and Johnson Central High School. That's amazing. Thank you. Thank you for the super chat. Hang on, guys. I got to get that. Okay, there we go. I think I fixed it. Okay, it's longer than I was expecting. >> I guess we can come back. We could do the other one. Ride around and come back. >> That sounds good, too. >> Yeah, let's do it. >> We'll do this one. We'll come back. Maybe it won't be as busy. >> Yep. >> All right. >> Get our own over here. >> Yeah, sounds good to me. >> Hopefully. >> Yes, I'm going to ask this time. >> There's several wrapped ones. So, let's wait a second. Hello, Surf Bump. >> Hello, Rita. >> Karen, Sherry. Sorry, guys. If you're just joining us, welcome in. Happy Friday Night Live >> and happy first day of spring. Man, look at all these wrapped ones. >> There's uh three bag left. >> Okay. >> All right. We get mine. Maybe that way we that way you can ask and not a lot of other people come. Yeah. Like if this is a big group or something. >> Okay. Well, >> we got to wait >> off to the side. >> Hi, Petra. Yep. Dale's here tonight with me. Hello, happy place. >> It is very relaxing. Yes, it is Dale. Dale is here. >> Hey, Monoa J. >> That's us. There's Groot and Rocket. Uh oh. Super Chop from last night. That's right. Thank you, Amara from uh Cat Catish. $4.99 and uh says, "Thank you." Thank you so much, Catish. Really appreciate the super chat. Sorry, we missed it last night. It was as soon as Josh stopped the stream and then uh right right at the end there. So, we appreciate appreciate that super chat from yesterday. Um and uh sorry we missed it. Excuse me. Hi, Dan. Hi, D magical moment. The Skylliner resorts are so fun, aren't they? Here we go. >> Away to Neverland. >> Much better without the rap. >> Yeah, it is. So, >> wy wy wy. No rap going on here. >> You're not going to rap for us? Vanilla ice baby. >> Ice ice. >> If you guys missed it, I was rapping to that on our cruise walk. So, we got Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Go over and subscribe. >> Fantastic. >> It was >> You really wrapped it good. >> Yep. D missed the first part of it, but he got the rest of it. >> I did. >> Was that the uh silent disco party? >> Yeah. >> Or silent DJ. >> Silent DJ. It was It was 1300 people here. >> Thank you. Happy Friday night to you. >> The stream. That's right. I'm about to get a >> Hi, Princess Kristen >> for the Adventures IG. >> Okay, sounds good. Oh, there's >> I'm going to share it out. >> There's a pontoon boat over there. You don't see that very often. >> No. >> Hey, Mr. Cruz Fever. The Riviera is beautiful. Yes. Erica says it's pretty in Michigan, too. Awesome. >> Nice. Dale did volunteer at Arnold Palmer with Steve and Corey. Yes. Yes. Yes. >> This is the the jacket we got this year. >> Yeah. Always get some nice shirts and things when they volunteer. >> Yep. >> Mom is doing better. Thank you guys for asking. >> Come join us. We are live tonight on Resort TV 1. Currently on the Skyliner. Behind the scenes. >> Got it. >> Behind the scenes of Dale. Uh, what cruise did you and Dale go on recently? Um, where did it go? Uh, Ticker Cal. So, we went on the um Star of the Seas, which is the largest cruise ship in the world right now, Royal Caribbean. And, uh, it went several places and we have five, it was a seven-day, and we have five of the days out on Adventures of Dun and Dale so far. So, go check out the vlogs. We had so much fun. >> It's legit like a Netflix miniseries. >> It was. It's true. It's true. There's two more days. I don't know if I'm going to put them together or do them separate yet. So, there's at least one more vlog coming, but probably two. We'll see. Sorry, didn't mean to jump. >> Oh, injured. My My arm had a spasm and legal advice. >> Hey, hey, hey. >> Literally, I put my arm up here and it just went. >> It was like whenever, you know, >> she's just show you sit all the time. >> They hit the No. Damn. Stop it. Whenever the the doctor hits your knee and your your leg goes, that's kind of what my arm did. It was so weird. >> It's just the natural twitch. >> Mr. says, "Are we flying by the seat of Dale's pants?" >> Yes, I am the new Aladdin. >> See, it did it again. What the heck is wrong with my arm? >> Flying with pants instead of the carpet. >> So, if you don't know what we're talking about, go watch our newest video over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Oh, it was the uh our day in Roatan, Honduras. >> Thank you. Hey, Nicole. Welcome in, guys. So, I think we're just going to do some riding on the Skyliners for a little bit and then we'll go check out some of the resorts. So, we're going to get back on this one. >> Go back on. >> Yeah. >> Go back over and maybe we can >> Well, I don't know. Might as well walk a little bit because that line is pretty long. I don't think it's going to get shorter anytime soon. >> Yeah, you never know. It could. >> I guess we could check out some of the resorts. I just thought it'd be fun while it's daylight to uh ride around a little bit. Hi, Annette. >> Yeah, let's ride. >> You're the expert. >> Okay. $5 from Craig C. $5. Happy Friday, Jenna and Dale. Our dogs Harvey, Eddie, Patrick, and Roger. Send their love from Farmingale, New York. Enjoy the Skylliner Resorts. A thank you Craig and doggies. I love that you have four. That is so cute. Thank you so much. Hope you enjoy watching tonight with us. >> And here we go. >> Behind us, >> kids. >> Uh JF, congrats on 29 months of Resort Hopper Gold. I'm being by my old school and I've been banned wrongfully for a year. Wait, what? Oh my goodness. JL, um I'm sorry about that. I hope everything's okay. >> Hi, how are you? >> Good. How are you? >> Zootopia 325 cabin. >> Can we wait for the Thank you so much. >> Oh, you're all good. No worries. >> Okay. 299 is all yours. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> All right, guys. and Daryl and Victoria Craig sent a $10 super chat says, "We just wanted to let you know that your cruise videos are absolutely fantastic and we are loving watching them." A thank you. >> Thanks, Darl. Victoria, >> we'll wave at you through the >> Thank you. That's so kind. Very, very sweet. I'm glad you guys are enjoying them cuz we love >> bringing them to you. So, hopefully we'll have more coming. We'll see. Hi, Annette. I mean, we do have more from this cruise, but I mean, another cruise. We'll see. Thank you. Thank you. Hi, Trisha. Here we go. You got my bag, right? Okay. I had a panic attack for a second. >> One of those. >> Craig's robotics. Purple fire. Thank you so much. Glad you're liking the cruise vlogs, guys. Don't forget to put your safety belt on. Yeah, pull the yellow tab. Just kidding. >> Hold on to those beauties. Yeah, >> they really have been fun. Thanks, guys. Oh, thanks, Minnow. The wind and the hair then goes in my face. Shut them. >> No, it's okay. >> Okay. >> Thanks. >> I said I can shut them. >> And then I put uh chapstick on. So then the hair is sticking to my lips. >> It's great. >> That's fantastic. >> It's great. >> It's great. >> It's great. She says, >> "See my hair? >> It does have quite the breeze going on. In the summer it is great. >> It's not bad right now. It's supposed to get chillier. Oh, as the night goes on, of course, but not as chilly as last night. I bracken >> Eeyore Eore. That's the one they made the the popcorn bucket or something on. >> Yep. Popcorn bucket. You're right. Did Dale film a vlog for the golf volunteering? Really enjoyed the previous one. He did not. >> I did not. I did do sort of I guess if you go onto my Instagram at Dale RTV, go to the profile, there's like a highlight section. When I go do something like that, I put all the stories in one section. So there's like I guess if you watch the stories, like a mini vlog. >> There you go. Mini vlog on his Instagram. >> Go to the profile. >> Dale RTV >> to the uh highlights. >> The highlight reels. Yeah. Tony Hall says, "We uh yeah, we've loved them, too. Booked a cruise ourselves today for next month." That's amazing. Oh, fantastic. >> Where were you guys uh where are you guys cruising to? >> Nia says, "Jenna, which cruise line food did you like better, Disney or Royal?" >> You know, they're both good. Um it's hard it's hard to pick. Um >> I think Disney maybe like the uh the dining room in the evenings maybe a little bit better. >> But then the Royal has a lot more options just throughout the ship >> just because the ship is bigger, I think. Um so that Yeah, the one we just went on there was tons of options, but I would say probably Disney overall. Uh, Jenna, nothing is wrong with your arm. It's gimbal arm. Yeah, that's right, Drew. >> Has deal been keeping the cruise mode going by copying the stance of topiaries in Epcot? >> We should have done that. You know how we did the the moon planet people? >> Oh, doing their stances. We should have done that with the topiaries. >> We got to put that on uh a reel for our adventures. >> Hi, Meg. >> Insta. >> Yes, you do. A thank you. I'm glad I'm so glad you guys are enjoying those cruise vlogs. >> Yes. >> Do Yeah. >> Um I don't get nervous on the Skyliner. No, not really. >> These little guys don't either. >> Nope. They're having fun. >> Hello from Ireland. Hey Paul. >> Oh wow. >> Hi Leaf. >> I walked with Robert McIntyre which I'm not sure if he's Irish or UK. I guess >> I don't know either. Oh, that made me dizzy when I just got off that. >> But he had the accent when he came to me. Made me the one um when I walking with you. Hello, my name is Bob. >> I'm Bob. >> Uh just asking because you've run Disney races, when would you recommend getting in town if you're out of town like to get the expo and everything? So the expo is usually on a Thursday. Um so I would definitely Well, I guess it depends on what what race you're doing. If you're doing the 5K, they're usually on a Friday or a Thursday, depending on which race you're doing. So, you I would definitely get there Thursday, if not Wednesday night, just to know that you're there on time. So, so yeah, cuz you you have to do the expo to get your bib. They won't let you participate in the race if you don't. All right. I doubt they're going to give us our own one on this, but that's okay. Maybe on the way back. And the odds are getting around. >> I know. >> Slim to none as well. >> Well, let's see what happens. Hey, Cory the Ace pilot. Oh, Scottish. Somebody said >> Scottish. >> All those accents are very similar up in that region. >> Yeah, totally. >> Hey, happy place. So, um, if you guys were watching last night, Josh announced that he was going to go to Mega Con today with Liam. So, that's where Josh is. Him and Liam are enjoying some Mega Con tonight. So, Dale was like, >> I guess I'll go with you. Okay. >> You Twitch hand came in. >> Yeah. >> No, no, no. He wanted to come. >> Yep. I said, I'll be good. >> Yep. Actually, Jenna reminded me this morning. It's a special day for us. >> It is a special day. Yes. >> Uh 24 years ago, we started I asked Jenna, "Do you want to be my girlfriend?" >> Yeah. We started dating. >> Do you want to be my girlfriend? >> And I said, "Yes." >> And And the rest is history. >> Yep. The rest is history. That's what he said. >> So yeah, it is our 20th >> our dating anniversary. >> So he said, "Sure, I'll go with you. We should get cake to celebrate. >> About the cake. Cake. Cake. Yeah. >> Something. >> A something something. >> Yes, that's right. Meg. Chuck says, "Hello, Dale." >> Oh, there they go. >> For your safety, please remain seated. >> Happy Friday. >> That's awesome. >> Thank you. >> Yeah. How sweet. Oh, thanks, guys. >> Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. >> Thank you, Peter. >> And Anthony and K and Mano and J. >> Today's special for you, too. Oh, that's awesome. Drew, what is it? >> Thank you, Erica. Thanks, Tony. Thank you, Snoop Joy. Our first date. Well, our first Taco Bell official date was um Steak and Shake. >> Oh, yeah. Official official date. Um but after that >> after he asked me to be his girlfriend, I don't remember. >> We're in college. We were >> in college. Probably took took you to the uh >> the college lunch buffet. >> There you go. >> Jenna uh said yes to the Dashing Dale. And all these years later, you have an outlet to share your life together. That's right. That is right. Hey Britney. Hi Zachary. Love the Skylliner streams. If I was to ride it, I would have to use the handicap cart. Yeah, that's fine. They have it. They have it available right there. >> Thank you. >> What a coincidence. We were married 24 years ago. Oh, that's awesome. Veronica and Todd. Well, happy anniversary. >> That's crazy. >> Happy Friday Night Live. I don't know. >> What's back and forth? Back and forth. Is it the Skyliners? I'm guessing. >> Yep, they do go back and forth. >> Well, congratulations for retiring today. That's amazing. Uh, mommy. >> Thank you. >> Is it not? >> No. >> Sweet. >> Uh, $2. She says, "Happy anniversary, guys. Thank you so much, Mommy Diva." Thank you. Thank you. You're so sweet. That's awesome, Simon. >> Oh, man. A bunch of new rails. >> Yeah, bunch of them coming up. >> That's awesome. All right, let's see. Sounds like it's going to take off. >> That worked out good. >> Mhm. >> Welcome aboard, Islanders. You are on the Disney Skyliner at Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort. We're flying to Disney's Riviera Resort with continuing flights to Epcot. >> Hold on to your straw hats. We are about to enter the heart of the Caribbean. >> Here's the highest point in this. We are now sailing over Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort, home to a collection of tropical villages inspired by the colorful architecture and lifestyles of the Caribbean islands. >> Oh, we're slowing down. In just a minute, we will be arriving at Disney's Riviera Resort, a Disney vacation club that celebrates the relaxing seapports and romantic vistas of Europe's Mediterranean coast. Hello and welcome to Disney's Riviera Resort. If you are traveling to Epcot, please remain on board. >> Please remain seated until the doors automatically open. When exiting the cabin, Children are watching. >> What kind are they? >> Amazon for the win. Epic. Buzz. >> Buzz. Lightyear to infinity. Unreal. >> Why is he waving at us? >> Cuz you're nice. Yeah, we're going really slow. just creeping. >> At least we're not up high cuz sometimes it does that and then it like swings. >> Yep. Sometimes it makes me nauseous. >> Please don't snap. >> Yeah, exactly. Thank you. the line to get back on for people going to Epcot. It's >> pretty long. It's a tough place to get on. >> It is a tough place to get on. Thank you. >> Somebody's not happy. Oh no. >> Into the sun >> instead of into the fog. >> Yeah. >> Welcome aboard the Disney Skyliner at Disney's Riviera Resort. If you're just joining us, we are on our way to Epcot. Ladies and gentlemen, we invite you to sit back, relax, and enjoy the most magical flight on Earth. Lots of pauses >> over the road. I saw the wait for Guardians earlier was 125 minutes. Whoa, >> that's a long wait. >> All right, Dale, if you had to pick between Tower of Terror or Tron, which one would you rather ride? >> We are now traveling along Wav Vista Drive. This road and the city of Lake Wav Vista were established in 1969 when Walt Disney World Resort was first being developed. They are both named after Buenav Vista Street in Burbank, California, where the Walt Disney Company headquarters are still located today. >> There we go. Has picking up some space. >> Oh, yeah. Oh, there's some of the festival the arts stuff back there. Look at the rainbows. >> That's funny. Apparently, this is where they store Oh, I see food and wine stuff, too. That's funny. >> I'll probably end up going in somewhere. >> Yeah, >> just haven't had time to. >> Yep. >> Too funny. that subject. >> Pack your passports. We are on our way to Epcot International Gateway. When we arrive, remember to use your My Disney Experience mobile app to review your worldly itinerary for the day. Do >> you know when they started painting the castle? >> It was right after the new year sometime. Okay. >> Cuz I still haven't been there since they started painting it. >> It's pretty much done. >> Is it? >> Well, I mean, it's all gray again. I heard they were going to do another coat. But >> Yep. Last Monday. Was it last Monday? No, two weeks ago I was there and they only had like a little bit left on the front and then by the time I left it was Oh, really? >> painted. Yeah. >> That's how long it's been since I've been there. >> You haven't been there for a while. Oh, here we go again. >> I know. Lots of stoppage. >> Mhm. Not seeing any gators. >> It's a little chilly. They're just under the water. >> Yeah, it is chilly for them. So far away from here. >> Ladies and gentlemen, in just a few moments, we will be taking a scenic spin around the Skyliner Turn station. >> Please remain seated. This station was designed for turning only. >> Turning only. >> Pivot station. That's right. Oh, puppy. that back over here. Is that goodness? >> What happens when it's busier? >> Mhm. It is true. Pivot a very slow pivot because it matched in dermatology. Not stitch stitchy. The highest point of the Skyliner was back over by the Caribbean. >> Coming into view is Disney's Boardwalk in and Disney's Boardwalk Villas. From elegant dining and magical lounges to lively entertainment just off the shores of Crescent Lake, this charming seaside resort relives the golden era of Atlantic beach towns and turn of the century amusement parks. Mhm. It slows down to get rid of those We're almost there. If you are planning to visit World Showcase today, now might be a good time to practice your has nihas and when you arrive at each nation's pavilion, cultural hosts will be waiting to greet you in their native language, helping make your visit to Epcot a truly international exchange. It's moving pretty good up there. Here we go. Almost there. >> Oh, wow. The Remy Remy line looks really long. >> We are now arriving at Epcot. to all who come to this place of joy, hope, and friendship. That's a line. Yeah. >> Welcome. >> Yeah. >> Please remain seated until the doors automatically open. When exiting the cabin, please supervise children, collect your belongings, and watch your step. Thank you for flying with us. My bag's unzipped a little. All right, guys. Thanks for uh being patient with us. >> Thanks. You too. didn't want to be too loud on there since we had other people joining us. But thank you for all the comments in the chats and >> was very long and stuff. >> Yeah. >> But we do have 2,000 in the chat now. Welcome in. >> Welcome in. >> Everybody's excited. It's you and I tonight. Thank you so much. >> Happy Friday. >> Happy Friday. Happy first day of spring. >> Happy first day of spring. >> Happy dating anniversary for Dale and I. Ooh, Blue Bell says you look like a movie star. >> Oh, man. >> A movie star. Superstar. >> That is not not it. >> Sure it is. >> Okay. >> You're so welcome, Stephanie. All right, guys. If you had a question or something, go ahead and repost it. Um I can read them now, but let's get back in line. >> Oh, we are. >> We're riding around, Dale. So, right. You You don't want to? You want to Oh, we can walk up on the bridge if you want. I thought that's I thought you were wanted to come over here before it's dark, but you >> No, I want to just ride around before it gets dark cuz once you get on the skyline, it's dark. You see nothing. >> That is a wagon. That is like a >> It's a That's a wagon. Yeah. >> It's like >> I didn't think they were allowed, but maybe they are. >> Reminds me of the uh uh carriage with the covered like >> in the wild wild west. >> The covered wagons. So, what's that show from like uh way long ago? >> Little House on the Prairie. >> That's my wagon. That should have been like it was legit covered and everything like the >> It was It was covered. It was a miniature covered wagon. >> Legit. >> Thank you so much, Tiger Gal. Um it's 24 years dating. Crazy, huh? >> 17 years. Oh, hello. How are you guys? >> I do. I do. I missed you on Monday. You know that you're the luckiest guy in the world. >> I know. I'm glad you know you know your videos >> at Pops cuz we went there. >> That's awesome. Do you want to say hi again? Well, you guys didn't on the stream, I guess. But you did. Yeah. >> So, we have Mike, right? And remind me your names. I forget. I'm so sorry. >> Brian, >> Karen, and Don. Awesome. And >> Mosa. >> Mosa. A. So cute. Good to see you guys again. >> Last night here. >> Thank you. I had to go all stitched today. >> That's awesome. >> Your last night. Where's home? >> Michigan. >> Oh, okay. >> How is it back there? Have you heard? Is all the snow gone? >> I think so. It's like 70. There's >> 75 today. >> I know. Okay. >> Sounds >> It's like here. >> Sounds like back home. >> Yeah. Maybe you can bring some heat with you. when we had snow last weekend. >> Yes, that's right. And it got chilly here, too. >> I bet we're just >> warmer. Yes. But not what you were thinking when you came to Florida. >> Yeah. How's How's she doing? >> She doing good? Yeah. A She's so cute. >> A mini golfing again this morning at Wonderland Summerland. >> Oh, fun. And that's awesome. Very good. >> That's his favorite. It's harder. >> It's challenging. >> It is very challenging. >> But his fave a couple years ago and it's kind of a one and done. >> That's what he had said. >> But he he makes me go and I've gotten better. >> I have gotten better. >> He said, "Oh, you'll be fine. It'll be easy." But when he couldn't do it, then we're uh >> Oh, Tim. Tim, who is also from Michigan, says tomorrow is going to be in the 40s. >> WW drop. >> Well, soak soak it in before you go. >> Throw it in the suitcase. There you go. >> There. Okay. They're going to try to bring it to him. >> Well, good to see you guys again. >> Coming across the sky. Coming back. >> It was his idea to to come up a little bit and then we're going to head back. So, >> I thought you were going to stay on that side of the sky. >> We were planning on it, but you never know, right? She's right. She gets to do what she wants to. >> Thanks. >> Oh, no. >> So far. >> Okay. Good to know. Good to know. >> Okay. All righty. Well, >> touch base with you. Say hi again. >> I'm glad you did. Oh, of course. Thank you guys for watching. >> Thank you for watching. >> Yes, it is. Good night. >> Yes. Soak it all in. All right, guys. Safe travels tomorrow. You too. Bye. All right. So, we'll go up towards the bridge here. So cute. >> Um, all righty. Hello. Hello everybody. Thanks for joining us tonight. Hey Dana Marie, if I miss saying hello, we are glad you're here. >> Yes. Thank you, Hopper. >> Yeah. Thank you. Hoppers and moppers, boppers and shoppers. >> All the all the pirates. father, >> the pirateers. Uh, Jen, you ask why today is special for me. 26 years ago today at 7:30 a.m. I was hit head on and lifellighted to what was Atlanta Medical Center. To God be the glory that I am still here. Oh my goodness, Drew. Um, we are so glad you're here. That is a scary scary story. But wow. Yes. Fantastic. >> Yes. A big thank you to God. That is amazing that you made it through that. That's very scary. Thanks for sharing that. Hi, Black Sheep. Congrats on 22 months of Resort Hopper for Bronze. Happy 24 years, Jenna and Dale. Also, happy nine years of streaming for everyone at Resort TV1. Very grateful for you all. Thank you so much, Black Sheep, for being a member for 22 months. We really appreciate it. What? >> Oh, there's a line there. Hold on. >> There's a line. >> There's somebody fishing. >> Oh, really? >> Somebody fishing. seem to be catching something. >> I didn't know that. I didn't know that was a thing. >> I didn't either. I thought it was a long spider web and then I was like, "No, that's a place." >> Um, but yes, if you guys did miss miss it yesterday, we celebrated 9 years of streaming here on Resort TV 1. Um, so if you missed that stream, go back and check it out. Josh and I were together and celebrating 9 years. Can't believe it's been that long. Crazy. >> Yes, that is a long time. >> Yeah. >> Oh, they're doing some re some refurb over here. >> Yes, they are. Don't mind the pixie dust. >> Maria Hall wants to know. Oh, here comes the boat. Let's go over here. Maria Hall wants to know what your favorite Resort TV1 memory is. Dale. >> Goodness. >> There's so many good ones, right? >> Well, I guess we probably have to when we got the free cruise. >> Well, yes. Go. Disney inviting us on the cruise is a very very amazing >> amazing consider. >> Well, it's not a Oh, it is. I guess it's not a streaming me. Well, I guess we did stream. We strum. We We strummed. We streamed. >> We strummed. That's the That's the verb for stream, I guess. We streamed um when we got on the ship. >> Mhm. >> And uh the sail away party. Okay. No, that's a good memory. Good job. I like it. And we did some vlogs. >> Yep. >> I think we need to go on another Disney cruise to celebrate. >> Yeah. >> Did you guys hear him? He said, "Yeah." >> He said, "Yeah." >> Yeah. We get those right. >> That means we can book it. >> Okay, cool. these boats a Disney cruise. >> Dale go the shortest. >> I think we should go on the Destiny because um you know I didn't go because of Chloe. So let's let's book it. >> Uh cardboard box. Congrats on 29 months of Resort Hopper Bronze. Happy 24 years, Jenn and Dale. I think it's absolutely amazing that you met Dale at the age of three. It is very amazing. This is true. I mean I am 27. I met him in uh preschool. >> Yeah. Neighbors. >> Neighbors. That's right. Thanks, Carnivore Fox. You're funny. Hi, Trisha. That's right. So many awesome ones. Hi, Jos. Love you guys. Would you mind saying hi to my mom, Joanna? Hi, Joanna. >> Hi, Joanna. Happy Friday. >> Happy Friday. >> Unless you're in Australia, then happy Saturday. >> All right. >> This is true. This is true, Dale. Uh, we do need another Disney cruise. I am so excited and ready for one. Let me tell you, >> the new they have the new a new ship coming out in 2027. Dale, going to be called Believe. Believe it or not, it's part of going part of the wish series. We've got we've got wish, treasure, destiny, and believe. >> Okay. >> So, I'm excited to see what what's going to be all on this ship. Can't wait. >> Hi, Jane. Is >> there going to be a bigger one? >> Uh, no. It's a It's a witch class, so it's same same size as all the wish. >> The biggest one is overseas in Singapore. >> The adventure. I think we need to go on that. I'm just saying. Adventure of Jenna and Dale. >> Yeah. >> It's only in Singapore, though. Once you get on one of these like massive ships, these those they're just so small. >> They're small, but but they're still good. Like, you know what I mean? Like they're they're >> they have the Disney >> they have the Disney touch. They're they're I don't know. They're very quaint and I love that feeling. Makes you feel like warm and fuzzy. Does that make sense? >> Yeah. Tim says his favorite resort TV one moment. Uh well, I'm okay after 5 years. That's right. Tim's okay. That's right, Tim. Hi, Tracy. Thank you so much, Edwin. Yeah, I want to go on the adventure. Tim, not 10 year 10year stream celebration on a cruise. I mean, I am so for that. I am so for that. That's next year. A year from now. >> That would be a year from now. >> So, yeah, we got to plan something big. Oh, you know what would be cool? If we did a Resort TV 1 um meetup cruise, like a a Resort TV 1 cruise where we all go together. That would be cool. That would be cool. >> Yes, it would. Hey, Zelina. Um, all right. So, we're going to get on this here. Uh, Skylina. >> Oh, right here. >> Oh, I didn't see that. Sometimes when you're looking in the screen and then you don't see all the little things, >> all the small things, >> all the small openings. >> All right, >> Tennessee bear. If everybody came, it would fill a whole ship, but I doubt everybody in the in the community would come. But that would be amazing. >> 200,000 of them. >> How cool would that be, though? >> Oh, yeah. Wow. Lupola says he'd be up for it. I wonder um if Mickey Travels could get us a good group, >> you know, deal. I bet they could if we did a whole Resort TV1 group uh cruise. >> Our TV1 cruise. >> That's right. Speaking of Mickey Travels, if you guys are wanting to book a trip right here to Walt Disney World or a Disney cruise, uh Disneyland, go check out mickeyras.com. They will help you book your trip. It won't cost you any more money if you were to book it yourself. They help you plan for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com. Also, go to mickeyblog.com for all of the latest Disney news. >> That's right. Group deal for 214K. Vicki says, "I'll be there. Let's do this." That would be so fun. >> Vicki from Blair would go in a second. All right. Well, I'm going to have to talk to Josh about this and we'll talk to Mickey travels and see see what we can do maybe for the 10 year streams. It's a Muppets. I love that one. Yeah, it's newish. Mhm. Black Sheep has a wish in three weeks. So that's so exciting. >> Thanks, Brian. It's very kind of you. >> Did you know you have more subs that 46 countries have population? No way. I didn't know that. That's cool. Cardboard Box. Uh, no vlog this weekend, but go check out our cruise vlog over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. That one's wrapped. We're on a raft. >> That's why I said by the door. >> Gotcha. >> A sorry we missed you, Jay. Hi Melanie. Glad you have the night off, though. That's awesome. We are in a Star Wars one. Yeah. >> Hopefully this one doesn't stop and collect or get off the Rivier and walk. Either way. >> Yeah, we can. We can walk over to the Caribbean. Actually, that's not a bad idea. Let's do that. >> Oh, you want to get off the hub, then walk back over. >> Yeah, let's get off the Riviera. Okay. >> Love that plan since it's a wrapped one anyway. >> Yep. Squeaky. Come on. Welcome aboard the Disney Skyliner at Epcot International Gateway. We're flying to Disney's Riviera Resort with a final stop at Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort. We hope you enjoyed your visit to Epcot and World Showcase. Did you learn how to say hello in a different language today? I smell delicious. >> Soon we'll be flying past Disney's Boardwalk in and Disney's Boardwalk Villas. This charming lakeside resort offers magical lounges, enchanting restaurants, and live entertainment on the boardwalk every evening. Bye. We are now approaching the Skyliner Turn station. While this special station was designed just for turning, other Skyliner stations were designed to complement their unique environments. From the glamour of Disney's Hollywood Studios to the laidback islands of Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort. >> What is the tail? >> It's 73. >> 73. >> Better than last night. It was >> Feels cooler than that. >> It was super chilly last night, >> huh? >> Oh, that's weird. Hopefully we're not getting lag. Did a weird thing. It didn't do that on the way here. >> No, >> there's Dopey. Or dad likes to call him Obi-Wan Kenopi. >> Obi-Wan. That's what he calls me. >> Obi-Wan Kenobi. >> No, too funny. >> Dopey. >> What? >> They're all getting in line to go to RPR. >> Oh, yes. Skyliners. I was like, who are? >> Yep. >> Us behind us. Look at that. The whole cable moves. >> Yeah, it's so weird to watch from down below. It doesn't look like it's fastened on very well, but obviously it is. All right, Britney. No worries. The most magical gas station on earth. >> Is it? >> As you know. >> Yep. We hope you are enjoying your journey on the most magical flight on earth. We are now traveling along Buista Drive. I was trying to find that video at Bay Hill this year. >> This picture that caught >> They caught a gator. >> A gator was Oh, >> caught a fish. >> Oh my goodness. >> Rainy. >> I thought there's a video of it. >> That was at where? >> Bay Hill. This >> Oh, Bay Hill. Okay. Yep. >> Arnold Palmer. >> Arnold Palmer. Yep. Oh, no. See what I mean? >> Yep. >> Breeze is going right on through there. >> Mhm. In just a few moments, we will be arriving at Disney's Riviera Resort, a Disney vacation club. As one of the most picturesque vacation destinations in the world, the European Riviera has fascinated and inspired many great artists over the centuries, including Walt Disney himself. Welcome to Disney's Riviera Resort. If you are traveling to Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort, Disney's Hollywood Studios, Disney's Pop Century Resort, or Disney's Art of Animation Resort, please remain on board. Please remain seated until the doors automatically open. When exiting the cabin, please supervise children, collect your belongings, and watch your steps. Thank you for flying with us. That made me that made me dizzy. >> I wasn't looking. >> All right, guys. That was fun. >> Thank you for what you do, by the way. >> Oh, of course. >> No, you're totally fine. Yeah. Thanks for watching. That's awesome. I didn't want to be rude and read all the chat while there. >> Yeah. No, you're you're all good. Thanks for watching. Nice to meet you. Enjoy your time here. >> Thanks, Candy. You're welcome. Um, so Brian, mom is doing better. She's home and um she's just got to work on getting her strength back and everything, but she is doing better. Thank you so much for asking. I saw Plymouth Rock, so they're going to get snow. Oh my goodness. That's no bueno. I >> smell food again. >> I know. I smell like um like a campfire almost like s'mores. >> Hi, mansion lover. Welcome in. >> Hello. >> This way or that? >> Uh let's go this way. >> Okay. >> Go check out the resort and then we'll walk over. >> All right. All right. All right. All right. >> CeCe. Yes. Dale is back. >> Yes. TLC. >> I'm alive. I'm okay. >> Like Frankenstein, you're alive. >> I'm alive. >> He's alive. >> All right. So, we'll head into the Rivier era. It's always a pretty resort to check out. And I'm also on the hunt for some >> stitchy ears. I was saying maybe we can find a cool little dessert. >> Oh, yeah. Let's go look. >> Cool little dessert. >> Mhm. for our 24th >> for our little anniversary. If you guys missed it, it is our dating anniversary. 24 years. I don't know how that works since I 27. >> I don't know how that works. Oh, that's awesome. Tracy, math. >> Math isn't math. And I love this mural. So pretty. So pretty. >> Do you like it? >> Mhm. >> They have s'mores down by the water. Well, maybe that's what we were smelling. I'm not Oh, incoming bird. Holy moly. >> Go way up top there and get a view. >> Yeah. Problem is you have to take the elevator and that doesn't always work on the stream. It is science. That's right. >> Man, it was clear. >> I know. Ain't it crazy? Beautiful. >> Yesterday it was very um cloudy until about when we started the stream. Well, it cleared up about 5, I guess. >> Five. >> Mhm. The birds have detected me. Yes, cuz Josh isn't here for them to run into. >> Is that what happens? >> Uh yeah. Well, the duck ran into Josh the one time. Yes. >> Did you not hear that story? >> No. >> Thought I told you. >> We were at Magic Kingdom and he was streaming and literally a duck came and hit him in the head. >> What? >> Flew. Yes. Flying. He said it hurt. >> They're not. >> They're not little birds. >> Poor Josh. >> All right, guys. So, I will switch to Wi-Fi when we get inside the building here. >> They got free Wei. >> Yep, they do. >> Let's go play some botchi ball. >> Botchi ball. Okay. >> Thanks. >> That's your service. >> Thank you. Thank you. >> All right. Wi-Fi. Let's hopefully it works. >> Stay magical year after year. >> Yeah, that's right. All right. Up, up, and away. Now, when ours when our uh health app asked if we did stairs, we did some stairs. >> They're like, "Are you back on the cruise?" Yeah, we did so many stairs on the cruise, but it was good. It helped, you know, with all the food we ate. >> Oh my goodness. >> That's a pretty view cafe. >> Let's go in the store first. I know. I love the smell in here. Isn't it great? But yes, I am on the hunt for the brand new Stitchy Ears. I saw they were at Epcot and I saw they were at Magic, but I haven't been to either of those. Oh, look at these new ears. These are cool. >> Look at the hidden Mickeys in them. >> Oh, cool. Actually has this whole face. >> Yeah, >> they're Riviera ears. Got a bunch of new things for Riviera. They got the I think this has been out for a little bit, but they've got a lounge slide. >> This cup is really fun. >> Oh, fancy. >> The shirt. >> Come here, baby. >> Like Applebees. Oh, >> look at this cup. I really like this cup. Looks like the outside of the Riviera. >> Is the beerstein? >> No, >> it's just the cover. Cute though. And they have Riviera. >> Um, shakers. >> That's it. Thanks. >> Very cute. >> $23. >> 23. I wonder if these are these Oh, these are Loungefly. So, usually they're around $44 if they're Loungefly. What? >> I have a Disney gift card. Oh, I thought you got I thought you saw the stitch ears and I got so excited. >> I'll probably use it at a >> at the golf shop. >> Cardboard box says it can become a beerstein. >> Hi, Linda. My hubby ran into a pole outside of Disneyland looking at a golf course and not paying attention. Fortunately, this is when we were still in our 20s. Okay, that's good. >> I've done that. >> Like in a in a city or whatever. You're talking to somebody. Smack. >> Bam. >> Hello, pole. >> There's the pole. pulls like I was here first. >> There's your sign. >> Like you are correct. >> A Minnie is so cute in her little Riviera outfit. She is 17 99. Oh, there's a a Riviera coloring book even. They have Riviera plushies. Mickey and Minnie. This is what they wear in Topalinos, by the way, in the breakfast restaurant. That's cool. Love that. How much? >> 200. >> 200. Ooh, this is very Oh my word. Feel this. What is this made out of? >> Cash jam. >> You think so? It's No, it's only for Sorry, $59.99. It can't be cashmere. Very nice though. >> Be a nice little blendish a blend of something. >> Hey Stacy, how are you? Last night was >> polyester and elastain. >> Okay, well whatever it is, it's very very soft. Uh, last night was one of the best dreams ever. Thanks for such a good night. Oh, thank you. I'm so glad you enjoyed it. >> Yeah. >> Look at this. >> Oo, >> Mickey diamond. >> One of each. >> Okay, >> it is our anniversary. Wrap it up. >> Oh, what is it? It's like a little like those uh chain thing. What the >> Mhm. >> that >> it's like that. >> I think it's like goblin and crooked or >> I have no idea what you're trying to say, so I can't help you. This happens all the time whenever we're trying to figure out something and then he says something and then I have no idea. >> Like carabiner. >> Uh like like the fly of your pants. Remember >> that's what it's like. Well, here we can get some ding-dongs. >> I bought a thing of ketchup. >> Ketchup. Oh, these look good. Gummies. >> Oh, those are new dinos. >> Um I do want to show the uh Pandora over here. Dale, I want this one. Bunny Stitchy. Add to Dale's card. >> Stitchy. What's he >> cute? He's a bunny like we used to call Chloe. >> Oh, he's a carrot. Cute. >> That's so cute. >> Very cute. >> I love hams. >> Yeah. >> Oh, they have Skyliner pens. Oh, these are fun. It's hard to see. Don't know if you guys can see that or not. They have a Ruby up and what did you say? >> We get Lunchables for >> Oh, Lunchables. Lovely. Lovely Lunchables. Then they have DVC merch over here, which I love. It's so cool. I like this one. Stay magical. How cool is that? I know. We should have Mara. Darn it. Oh, here you can see these a little better. >> Deal. They have Coca-Cola golf balls. >> What? >> I almost got them for you. >> Really? >> But I didn't know if you'd want them. >> Yeah. >> See, I knew it. >> They were pretty cool though. And I didn't think you had a And teas. They had Coca-Cola golf ball and teas >> from where? >> Coco Coca-Cola store. >> So pretty. >> Is that like just a group or Oh, it's all >> It's Mickey and then those just like diamonds and pretties. >> Interesting. Were you picking those out for me? >> Uh, I was not >> for anniversary. >> Yeah, >> I thought you were. I was like, "Okay, cool." >> Pandora. Yes, I love the Pandora case. So, this is the cafe. They have coffee, tea, and some desserts. See what kind of desserts they have. >> Cake pops. >> Banana bread. >> Macaroni. >> Macaroni. >> Those look good. >> I wonder what's in the Yeah, I wonder. >> Cheesecake. A lot of it is cream filled. So I cannot have >> sat stroy. >> The banana bread is good. It looked good. >> There you go, Maria. I love that plan. That's right. All right, Dale. Are you ready? Are you going to get some? Are you going to get a coffee? >> We have a lemon cello margarita. >> Our spritz. >> Yeah. >> Hey, Resort Budget. >> Thanks guys for being here. 2300 people in the chat. >> Oh, wow. Makiato. 800 likes. I bet if we can get some more likes, we have 2,300 people watching. Pop the like button and subscribe if you're new. >> Caramel macchiato. >> All right, let's go back downstairs. All right. >> Huh? >> No. >> Yeah, he is. >> All right. You heard the banana bread is good as well. Nice. >> Oh, yeah. I was forgetting about the the fast quick service. >> Yeah, they do have a quick service. That's right. Man, it is gorgeous out here. Yes, it is. >> Look at the sun shining on the water over there. >> So pretty. This is a good time to walk. Let's walk over to the Caribbean. >> Okay. >> The Caribbean. Let's go this way. We'll get a good view of the the sky. >> Thinking about grabbing me a baby at the outside. >> Oh, okay. >> What's up? Our next somewhere. Thank you so much. >> Hi Rhonda Fonda. How are you? Let's do a rapid fire bop on the like button. What do you think? >> Try and get some more likes. So, if you have not already, find the thumbs up. You have to close out of the chat, find the thumbs up, and bop it. She can only bop it once cuz if you bop it twice, takes it away. >> No boppies. >> Yeah, that's a no boppy. >> You minus the boppies. >> Yes. So, >> are you guys ready? Are you set? Up the like button. >> Level two >> and subscribe if you're new. >> The bop level. >> We're going to see if we can get a thousand. >> Turtle. >> Oh, it's a turtle. >> Oh, he is booking it. >> And he went under. >> Oh, he's got those seaweed. He went under the seaweed. >> He went under the seaweed. >> He was booking it. Yeah. Here he comes. >> He was Oh my goodness. >> He's making a wake. >> He's got like a pointy nose. So, it must be a a point like a pointer. A uh snapping turtle. He's got a pointy pointy nose. No. >> He thinks somebody's going to feed him. >> Yep. >> Hey, Casey. How are you? Hey, Ticker Chill. John, >> I know. I heard it's really warm in California right now. Britt said it's 100. >> What? >> Yeah. >> It is hot. You're right. Ah, thanks Rhonda Fonda. Appreciate that. Oh, I was going to get a I was going to get a picture of the >> pretty got a little worried. I'll let you guys talk to Dale for a second. >> All right, talk to me. Talk to me. Let's watch Jenna take her uh beautiful pick here. There's a a nice screenshot right there. Jenna taking a picture. Soft shell turtle with a pointy nose. Okay. Thank you, Tennessee Bear. >> Not a snapper. >> Not a snapper. >> You look snapper. >> That's not your snap. They all look snapper-ish. >> Do they? Okay. >> All turtles look like they're going to be a snapper. >> Okay. Or you can keep it if you want. I don't know. Hey, Josa family. Or you were going to go ahead and drink. So, >> see what they got. >> See what they got. >> Okay. >> Maybe they got dessert or something. >> Uh, well, that would take a minute cuz it's a sit, you know, you have to sit down and order. You didn't see anything inside there? >> I can't have them. They're all creambased. But there's also Caribbean and Pop Century. And >> gelato. >> Gelato. Again, another thing. >> That hurts my tummy. >> We'll just buy you the waffle cone. >> Okay, I'll just jump on that. >> There you go. >> Thanks. >> 106° in Arizona. >> What the? >> That is crazy for March. >> You can send us 10 of those degrees. So it will make us about normal temp right now. 80. >> Wow. >> Soft shells are snappy biters. Okay, good to know. >> I always just want to come here in the evening with some friends. >> I know. Problem is the kids are always just tossing around >> like late evening when the kids are in bed. >> It's true. >> Yeah. Barriva is a fun place to come check out if you've never been before. Yes, it is. That's something we could do. We could do the Skyliner and go to all the little bars. We're trying to figure out what to do tomorrow. >> Oh. Uhhuh. >> We did that one time, remember? For your birthday. >> We did. >> It's been years ago. Oh, they have the froze here. Mediterranean wave sangria. It all looks Oh, sunset margarita. Yummy. >> Okay. >> All right. >> All right. I'll be just walking. Staying at Pop in July and thought about doing a split rock crawl. Awesome. >> Yeah. Seen it pop in July and thought about doing a Oh, yeah. I just read that. Sorry, guys. I want a Skylander bar hop. All right. Well, come on, Tim. You know how to fix it. You just come on down like the price is right. Happy spring. We enjoyed drinks up at the bar in the Riviera. So nice. And you can go on the patio for a great view. Oh, all the way up here. Oh. Oh, that would be fun. Great idea. Great idea. So guys, also check out another another another sponsor that we have, Resort TV1 Homes.com, brokered by expy. If you guys are wanting to move here to Central Florida to be closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resort TV1homes.com. Again, brokered by EXP Realy. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. again. Resorttv1homes.com, guys. Go check us out. >> All right, guys. >> Hi. >> Got him. >> Good job. Just got you >> responses. >> Yep. I thought while you were doing that I would talk about a couple sponsors. We've also got uh Surf Shark. If you guys are wanting a really good VPN service, surf shark.deals/ resorttv1, go check out Surf Shark. Um so a VPN service secures your data online. So whenever you're out and about and you're using public Wi-Fi, it's not safe. Um so Surf Shark will encrypt and secure data anywhere on any device. So, if you're using Wi-Fi at, you know, Starbucks or Disney or anywhere like that, um, you know, it's not safe. So, Surf Shark will help you out. Surf Shark also blocks ads on any device, saving time and data. We got to go around this way. And, um, it also allows you to, um, it allows you to watch Netflix, Hulu, Disney Plus in any other country. So, you can watch like the UK's version here or our version in the UK. Um, and again, go check them out at surark.deals. deals/resorttv1. Use our code resortv1. Again, surark.deals/resorttv1 and use our code resortv1. We also have a $2 super chat from Meredith Whitman. She says, "Good evening, Jenna and Dale." Thank you so much, Meredith. >> Happy Friday, Meredith. Thank you very much. >> Thank you. Thank you. Tony wants to know what beer you have. >> Aingling. >> His fave. >> Yep. That's my fave. Haven't had one in a while. >> Yep. >> So, he's got the good old traditional jingling. >> Yeah, it is a cold jingling. Mr. Mike asked. Yep, it sure is. There's a lot of these flying over last night at Springs as well. >> Oh, man. I didn't tell you this. So, yesterday uh when I was out and about >> Yeah. >> Uh I was going through I'm not too sure what section of Orlando it was. I was going through and there were two choppers flying up above. >> Oh. >> Circling around the area. The road I was going up to. There had to been probably 20, 30 cops or whatever. >> Wa. Okay, that's scary. So then I went a back way and the cops were in this neighborhood. They have like other parts of the road somewhere. They were trying to find someone. >> Word. That's really creepy. Did you go the other way? >> No, I help. I jumped out. I was like, "Can I help you?" >> Oh my goodness, Dale. >> And they're like, "Yes, yes, Mr. Dale." >> No, no, no. >> We can help. >> Just kidding. No, I went the other way. >> Good job. >> No, but this is the craziest thing. >> Hi, friend. >> Would you like a beer? >> Here it goes. >> I got another story if you guys >> Well, let me read this first. Go ahead. Cold coffee and warm beer, says. So, I sit down after a long day, pour myself a nice cold one, and as I check in, I find Dale. Could this be the best into a week ever? Hey, Dale. >> Good evening. >> That's very sweet. Uh, cold coffee and warm beer. >> Oh, cold coffee. Perfect. >> Hi, Kevin. >> I thought he was just having a cold coffee. >> I thought so at first, too, but no, he uh that's his name. >> Love it. >> Nice. >> All right, tell us your story, Dale. Okay, so if you were if anybody was following along while with all my stories at the Palmy Invitational, you saw this. But so they had Chick-fil-A was there and they had this little competition thing going. >> Hello from Chile. >> competition thing going on. If you make a putt, you get Chick-fil-A for a year and it was it was it was challenging. So we were in line. It was a long line. So I kept watching where everybody else was hitting the club. >> They said they were looking for you. Ah, and then so then I finally I found the spot. I was like, "Okay, I think if we try to hit the spot, uh, that'll be the best chance of us making a putt." And then, uh, Cory had mentioned there's three of me, Cory, and Steve. And he said, "If any the three of us make the putt, we'll split it, uh, three ways, or we'll split it however they give the free Chick-fil-A for a year." Well, I went up first and I hit the spot, but the speed was off. just missed it by an inch uh to the one side and then Cory came went up there, hit the same spot. Speed was perfect. Boom. Went in the hole. We got Chick-fil-A for a year. >> They were pretty excited. >> So, this is what they gave us. So, there was uh >> You brought it. >> Well, I just have my one in my wallet all time. So, if I go past Chick-fil-A, >> I have it. So, we got they So, what it is, you get 52 cards. They gave us 52 cards. So, it's essentially one a week and then we split it the three of us. Uh 17 uh cards per person. So, we each got 17 cards. So, I always keep one in my wallet. So, that way >> he wasn't even going to share with me, guys. >> Still not. You're implying that. I'm just >> So, it was it was awesome. We made it and then we had Chick-fil-A for a year >> or 17 times >> or 17 17 times three ways. M it was and they gave us there was three different cards. That one This is that one. There's another card that you can get a spicy >> a spicy chicken sandwich. Also, >> if you guys remember, that was my favorite. It was >> um on the chicken tinder >> chicken review. Oh, if you haven't, go to Adventures of Jennale and look up for the chicken review. It was a lot of fun. >> It was a lot of fun. It >> was a lot of fun. >> Hi, Steve. Happy Friday >> with this view. >> It's nice streaming with you again. It's a pepperoni pizza night. Great with a cold brew. There you go. Perfect. Hey Octavia, how are you tonight? 2400 people in the chat. Thank you so much for being here. Almost 1,000 likes. Two more to a thousand. Any volunteers? Two more. Who's it going to be? And do we have a th00and? Do we have 999? Oh, one person took it away. So now we're 97. We are at 998. Now somebody took theirs away. So now we're 998. >> They bopped too many times. >> Oh my goodness. >> Remember, you can only bop it once. Oh, we did it a thousand. Thanks, guys. >> Uh I don't remember where Dale ranked Chick-fil-A. I ranked it number two. >> I think I had a third. >> Chicken Guy was first. Chicken Guy or Chick uh Chick-fil-A was second. >> No, I think we both had Chicken Guy first. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah, >> that's what I said. Chicken Guy was first. Chick-fil-A was second. I think I had Chick-fil-A third or fourth. >> Third or fourth? Okay. >> Yeah. >> But it was a fun vlog. Go watch it. >> Yeah. Go check it out. We have a doughnut one as well. >> Oh my goodness. >> That was a lot of sugar. >> But it was fun. >> Sun is setting. This reminds me of being on the cruise. Remember when we went out and watched the sunset? >> Yes. That one time. >> Bam. It was gone. >> And then we got I got the reel of you. >> That's right. Cuz we couldn't watch it most nights cuz we were in our um dinner. >> Yeah. When set. But that night we decided to either eat later or the the Oh, we were further uh the the sun didn't set as earlier. So, I don't remember. Or it set earlier. Anyway, not sure. Hey, Dad. Dad's here. >> Unless we decided not to. >> Hi, Mom. Hi, Dad. >> Or eat somewhere else that night. >> Yeah, I think maybe we didn't eat in the dining room. >> I don't know. >> Whatever it was. >> Thanks, Disney teacher life. So, we're just taking a stroll around the Riviera. Now we're in the Caribbean Beach Resort. Got volleyball over here. S'mores over here. And uh we'll go in the lobby, too. Check that out. >> What were you doing? >> They always have a great lobby. And they might have my stitchy ears. We're going to find out. >> I smell s'mores now. Makes me want to go back to the uh Fort Wilderness. Tail. That was so fun. I'm so glad you did that. >> However, I don't think I could go back now cuz I can't go without Chloe. >> Not at the moment. >> Maybe later, but that was a lot of fun. >> Hi Katie. Uh, hey Dale. Who we got for March Madness? How many brackets do you guys have? Ironically, ever since >> we moved, >> like we move, and this is one of the crazy things, like in the Midwest, >> and this is my theory, I was always into basketball a lot more. Obviously, a huge hooer in your basketball, but in the Midwest, you have the winters. It's very dreary. You have nothing much else to do. Nope. So, you watch basketball and you fill out brackets and you don't football and all this stuff. Since I've moved down here, I have not been involved >> in brackets and basketball near as much. It's true. >> Even though I went through Yeah. played basketball all through high school all Yeah. And it's it's just >> up to 1100 likes now. Thank you. >> Moved to Florida and you have stuff to do year round. >> Yeah. It's it's warmer. >> Well, you're more into the golf now for sure cuz you can There's mom. Hey, mom. >> And again, because it's hard to golf in the snow. So, >> Dad says, "Hello, everybody." And woohoo. My fingers can't >> Happy Friday. >> Uh can't type I think is what he meant. too much because I'm eating cookies. Sounds good. What kind, Dad? >> Cookies. >> Sounds amazing. >> Well, we got to go back to this restaurant, Sebastian. >> Oh, man. >> They have some good food. >> They had really good food. Last time I was there, I was with Cory and Steve. >> Oh, cool. Last time I was here was with some um high school friends that came into town. >> Oh, that's right. >> Amy and Tanya. >> Uhhuh. It >> was a lot of fun. Oh, well, actually high school and uh >> college. >> College. Yeah, baby and I were very close in college. All right, let's head in here. Go check it out. They've got a food court, so we can see if they have any treats here. If not, there's Pop Century and uh >> Art of Animation as well, >> huh? >> Like contemporary. Like they always have like fantastic cupcakes. >> Yeah, a lot of places have good cupcakes. All right, we're going to go in here before the door shuts. Go, go, go. All right, guys. I'm going to turn on the Wi-Fi again. Hey, Marky. Mark. Love these fans. >> Oh, I know. >> I'm the biggest fan. These fans. >> There you are. >> Let's have Dale give us a woohoo in Dad's place tonight. >> Woohoo. >> Dale's is a little different. Good job. There you go. >> You were close. I've been wanting to eat there forever. I think July it may need to happen. Yeah, Tim. Sounds good. >> Let's do it. >> Let's do it. You know how to book. Tim's good at booking those reservations. >> Yeah. >> Get the smaller one that >> also. Oh, these are so cute. These are new, guys. >> Adorable. These are for the Caribbean beach. Also, Tim, you should get beacon barrel cuz Dale's never been. >> We should go. >> I actually looked and see if they had any tomorrow for us. >> Oh, >> nope. Maybe I haven't been to Magic since Big Cam Barrel's been open. >> Jeez Louise, Dale, fix that. >> I'm trying to think. >> Oh, look. It's the Banana Cabana. That's the little restaurant. Yeah, >> that's awesome. I like that. >> I do, too. And actually, it's >> nice and soft. >> Yeah, their their shirts are nice and soft now. >> Wow. That'll last for two weeks. >> Well, >> you mean Disney? >> Yeah. >> No, they always switch them then to >> No, no, there's I love their shirts. They've been like that for a long time now. >> This one's not. This is just like >> No, they've been they've been really nice lately. Dale, you you don't come here, so you don't know that often. Dale has no clue. Don't listen to him. >> I have no clue. >> Don't listen to Dale. >> All I know is the shirts that I have are all >> But a lot of them are are these these now. That's what I'm trying to tell you. You just got to listen. >> I'm trying to >> Dale's listens. >> Listen. >> Okay. Hey, if you can dream it. Here's all the stitchy stuff. They don't have the stitchy ears. W >> Yeah. kind of cute. >> Oh, is that >> Dale hasn't been here since River Country was open. That was a long time ago. Yes. Yes, it is. >> I was actually wondering I think Hollywood was the last one. >> I know in tomorrow we got to get him to the Beacon Barrel. I tried for tomorrow cuz I thought that'd be something fun to do tomorrow. Nope. No reservations. >> No opening. >> There's some socks for you. Dale likes his crazy socks. Those are fun. >> Those are cool. >> Oh, thank you young dude. Did the Stars of Seas have a pesky parrot bar? It did not. Well, no. >> I don't think so. There was a lot of bars. I don't remember that one. >> Don't remember that one. I really like this shirt design. I think that's cute with all the princesses. >> Oh, this one's cool. That is cute. This one's cute, too. >> Yeah, that is cool. >> It's like a Dale shirt. >> Mhm. >> That is very cool. >> The tone at Dale's slacking on MK. Jenna is flabbergasted. Yeah, I should know by now. Oh, there's a Beauty and the Beast song. That's cool. >> Oh, that's cool. >> All right, Tim. No worries. >> I like how empty it is in here. Oh, ears. Do they have them? No stitch ears. They do have this. I like these. I also really like these. They're very just classic. >> Oh, they are. >> Yeah. You like the Everybody likes the Donald shirt, too, Dale. Good pick. >> They got the yummy chips. >> Oh, this is new. >> It is new. I haven't tried them yet. >> Well, we could do this for our anniversary, too. >> Okay. >> Dateversary, whatever you want to call it, so people don't think we It's our anniversary. >> Yeah. >> Dateversary here. >> No, that's right. date ofversary. >> Grab a spoon and we can have some schmuckers. >> Yeah, I'm okay. Thanks. >> Yeah, mom and dad, it's Dale and I's uh 24 anniversary of dating. Crazy, right? >> Crazy. >> A look at that stitchy. So cute. >> He's cute. Jenna and Dale, I love watching you both together in your adventures and resort TV one. Thanks, Roberta. Thank you so much. >> Hi, Pluto. He's the bestest boy. >> Winnie, he's so cute. Oh, guess what I saw today at uh Hollywood Studios. Brand new shoulder pal. Winnie the Pooh. >> Woo! Shoulder pal. It was so cute. >> Mhm. Just came out. Oh, these are fun. >> The letters >> like initials. >> Oh, it is. >> J. >> Uh, no. >> DJ. >> I don't see a J. >> DJino. >> I don't see a J. I was also looking for a C for Chloe. That would be cute. >> That would be cute. >> Oh, here we go. Here's more. Oh, here we go. Here's a C. And here's a J. >> I like the other ones better. And here's a D. >> I do like these, though. because of the the Mickey ears on top. >> It's like the cat we got Chloe. >> Oh, yep. >> $26.99. Oh, I have to see. >> Oh, this is pretty. >> Oh, that's >> sparkly. >> Yes. Crazy bananas. Oh, I like this one, too. Look, they're like simple but pretty. >> Oh, yeah, they are. >> Dang. I sounded just like dad how when I did that cuz every time he's about to sneeze he goes uhoh. I totally didn't. >> Look at these little beauties. >> They're cute. >> Hey Tracy, I like the the mystery slippers. You don't know which one you're going to get. >> Slippers. That's >> Yeah. Isn't that cute? And there's popcorn and hats. Hey Sean Rogers. How are you? Welcome in. All right, let's go. >> Now, okay, with that said, with that being said, you think it is. >> That's right. Uh-oh. Means incoming sneeze. Let's see what's in here. So, they have cookies and stuff. >> Yeah, they have Mickey bars. Ooh, M&amp;M cookie. That looks yummy. >> Oh my goodness. Banana bread. >> Look at that guy. Oh, goodness. >> What is that? >> That is a >> I don't know what that is, but it looks good. >> Amazing. >> Is it a brownie with a bunch of stuff on top? >> It is. We can do that. >> This is interesting. Croissant with toasted marshmallow. >> Looks like lemon mering. I kind of want that M&amp;M cookie. That looks good to me. You have my own cookie. >> I guess I could get that. You can get that and we'll take leftovers home. >> Share the cookie with you. >> Oh, if that looks good to you, get it. >> I don't need it. That's a lot of >> same. Let's see where the cupcakes are. >> They have cupcakes. >> Right here. Oh, no. They have one up here, too. >> This one? Ooh, this one's very uh >> seasonal. >> Wedding um >> Oh, it is >> birthdayish. I don't know what kind it is, though. Here, let's Oh, stuck. Oh, they have a tropical cheesecake cheesecake for me. >> Chocolate cupcake. Uh, I'm not a fan of chocolate cake. >> Mickey cookies and cream. You >> want this one or you want the cookie? >> Um, if you want that one, you can get it. I mean, you want the M cookie. >> Um, either that or we can wait and see what's at the other resorts. What do you think? >> Here you go. Social hour. Whiskey mule. >> Oh, >> wine spritzer. >> I'm not huge on the meals because they usually have ginger. >> Ah, >> I almost thought it was going to be a >> Looks like a martini in a can. >> Mule. >> Yep. >> Let's go see what's out here. Mickey brownie sundae. Oo, I want a Mickey brownie sundae. Mickey Brownie sundae. We got to plug in here soon. When it looks like that, you don't know. You don't need to know what it is. That's funny. Um, I think they have a saucer. [ __ ] All right. They do have a a brownie sundae. That'd be hard to share, though. >> Yeah. >> No ice cream. I love ice cream. >> Nowadays. >> Nowadays. >> I love ice cream. Well, when I can eat it, I love it. We'll see what the other ones have since you don't like nothing else. >> I mean, I like the cookie, but I'm good trying whatever else. We'll go see what the other ones have. We have two more resorts. Thanks. I was going to go push that button to open the door for us. >> There it is. >> Time to make dinner. Yeah, if you're getting hungry, it's time for dinner. I want to do some ping pong. >> Pingpong. >> Is there Chick-fil-A around? I got a Chick-fil-A card. >> You got to get in your car, Dale. That's not dessert. You got to get in your car and you got to drive there. Skyliner won't take you. >> Get a banana. >> Looks like there's a line. Oh, it smells smells like chlorine. The banana cabana. That's awesome. Get to listen to that while you're enjoying some beverages and some food. Here's Sebastian's right here. You guys have never been there. It's very good. What a nice night. It >> is perfect. >> Hey, Orlando Gonzalez. How are you tonight? This is where we spent our honeymoon. I remember us eating here. Oh, that's awesome. Relaxing, Disney. Amazing. Jenna, did you know you can buy the resort scents at Bose's Candle? Yes, I did know that. Yeah, thank you. Did >> you tell them the recent thing that you purchased? It smells really good. >> Yeah. No, I didn't. So, um, oh, sometime this week, Ivonne and I went to the Florida mall and they have a Bath &amp; Body Works there and I had not smelled any of the Disney Princess scents. Um, and I know they've been out for a little while, but I just hadn't been at a Bath &amp; Body to smell them. So, we got to go um this week and we got to sniff all of them. And my favorite was Snow White. I loved the scent of Snow White. And there was a deal going on if you're a member where you can get a um a body spray, a candle, and a soap for $19.99 for members. And I was like, uh, yes, please. So, I got all of those in the Snow White scent. Well, except for the hand. They didn't have a hand soap, but >> yeah. >> So, now smells good. >> I love it. >> Thanks. I Dale said I picked good. >> She's like Miss Snow White running around the house. >> That's right. >> Prettier. >> Thanks. Oh, we're going we're coming down in April. Oh, that's awesome. Has there been any talk about installing more Skyliner? Not that I know of. Dad says, "Hey everyone, if I missed anyone, I'm sorry. Here's a big woohoo to all." >> Man, a lot of trees are looking like this after this freeze. >> This one looks great. >> Yeah, that one looks good, but these other ones have been >> Yeah, they look like this. Yeah. >> Yep. I was picking up a bunch of ponds. Oh my goodness. >> Palms in our backyard yesterday. God, >> poor poor palms. >> Good evening, Josh. It's great to see you guys again tonight on a fantastic Friday night. Thank you so much. >> We had a crazy morning this morning running all over the place cuz >> Oh my goodness. >> Uh my car needed >> It was crazy. uh for the last couple months had a tire sensor go bad. So, it's just >> the alert on the screen for check their tires. I was like, I know this tire sensor. So, finally today had time to do it and there's a place around the area that I found that could uh could do it for 100 bucks, which is a great deal for tire because the crazy thing and they were busy and they weren't able to do it uh today and then so I was they're like, "Well, just call the dealership." So, I was like, I try to avoid the dealerships at all costs because they absolutely overcharge for everything. So, I called the dealership just out of curiosity. They said $500 >> to change the tires. I said that other places could do it for 100. So, then I finally found another one. >> That's awesome. >> 500. So, I got it done. But yeah, the dealership >> $500. >> A lot. Yeah, >> that was ridiculous. >> And I went over to pick them up and literally we turned around got into our neighborhood and they're like, "It's done." >> They said, "It'll be about an hour." And then I was like, "I'll pick you up. We can go get some coffee or something and go back." >> Hey, Sandy. >> And then we were Yeah. just down the road. Oh, you guys can come back. >> We literally left >> not too long ago. But anyway, all good. >> It was the morning. >> Um, it was a He has a uh Oh, yeah. He has a car. He has a great car. It's a good one. is old. >> Is it is old. Yeah, it is old. >> All right, guys. Well, who is that? A turtle down there or a rock? Can't tell. But if you guys would like to book a stay at a Disney Deluxe Villa for a fraction of the cost, go check out David's Vacation Club rentals. DVCrequest.com/tv dvcrequest.com/tv. if you guys uh you don't and you don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. So again, dvcre request.comtv. Go check them out. I love the reflection in the water. Isn't >> that cool? Yeah, >> that's awesome. >> Pretty the little duckies. Okay, that is not a turtle. I thought it was. Wait. Oh, wait. Oh, >> they work together. I know. >> It was like It almost looked like one It did. Riding on the back of the other one. >> Oh, good. Old Mr. Young dude. It's good when you find a good mechanic. >> And I had a great >> mechanic. >> Matanic. I had two great ones back in Indiana. I was I have the one >> that I really like Disney Dream Light, >> but he they just >> cuz my car just turned over 200,000 miles about a month ago. Mhm. >> Keeps on ticking. >> Keeps on ticking. All right. Are we back? Good. All right. Sorry, guys. I forgot to take the Wi-Fi off and then when I took the Wi-Fi off, I guess I had to just reboot it. Whatever. Turn it back on and off. >> The device just came off. >> Yeah. Control, Alt, Delete. No, I'm just kidding. >> You turned all the lights on. >> I did. I pushed the button and I turned them on. The lights. Oh, there they went in the water. >> Doing Lou. >> That's right. Very cool. All right. Sorry about that, guys. All right, we're gonna walk back over to the hub. There's a Joffre on the way. We'll see what they got there. >> And uh then we're going to head um from the hub, we're going to head over to Pop Century and Art of Animation. >> That is so peaceful. >> Yeah. Isn't it nice? It's nothing like being at the resorts when the parks are crazy and you just need a little zen time to >> get away. >> The resorts are always nice. Yeah. How's everybody's uh Friday going so far? >> Any Canadians in the chat that is uh even super cold? Still >> super cold up in >> super cold. Super cold. I'm about ready to put my other sweater on. >> It's not cold cold, but it's it's getting a little chilly >> when that sun goes down. >> Mhm. And I bet the Skyliner will be even chillier with the wind. Well, I can always close the vents. >> That's true. Is it windy there today as the water looks so calm? Not as windy as it was earlier and yesterday was super windy. So, not as windy. There's a little little breeze. Hello. How are you? Welcome in. Canadian here. Just finished getting snowed on today. Oh my goodness. >> Wow. >> So, sorry. Unless you like it, then yay. Canadian here leaving for Disney tomorrow. Oh, that's awesome. Yay, Jennifer. >> That's awesome. >> There should be a button to open and close the vents. I mean, you can actually close them. Yeah, it's just a little harder to do than a button. >> 34 in Sarnia, Ontario. >> Oh, >> that's not horrible, but yes, that's pretty cold. >> Does anybody know where Scarboro? >> Canadian here was in a t-shirt this afternoon. Nice. Oh, good for you. >> Started out cranky doing taxes, but all done. So, it's a happy Friday. Yay. >> Just did our >> I just my tax guy. >> I uh I That's what I was doing >> yesterday back in Indiana. >> Was it Saturday or Sunday? No, I think it was Sunday. I was busy doing my taxes. >> Oh, yeah. And all our stuff together. >> Yeah. >> All the different things. >> Yep. >> We have a lot since we have the Etsy stuff. You got to pull all that together. >> Adventures. >> Adventures. >> Resort TV. All the things. Yeah, >> but it's worth it. >> Yep. >> So, this >> Are they waiting on us? Okay. Thanks. Thanks. back home. He does it for us. >> Yeah, that's right. Guess I know where Scarboro is. Somebody said, >> "Cool." We used to go when I was younger. My vacations were always going fishing. >> Yeah. >> And it was up near Scarboro area. That was like the closest town if we went into town. >> Yeah. >> We went to a place called Rice Lake. >> Long day at work today. Glad for the stream. Some great resorts. A I'm sorry you had a long day but glad the stream is helping. >> Nope. Josh will not be joining. He is at Mega Con with Liam today. Oh, my knee just >> Oh, you all right? >> Yeah, it just went weird. You know how like sometimes it just like gives out or is that just me? >> I think it's just I think >> and it does that to me sometimes. It just like stop. Did you see that? Well, I saw you do something funky dance. I just thought you about to get digging with it. I didn't know what was going on. >> It does that every once in a while. It just like says, "Nope, no more no more kneeing for me today." >> No more knee. Okay. >> Is that also called walking or just knee? >> When your knee bends and it like didn't want to do that anymore. >> All right. >> That's the thing that happened. >> Oh, man. That's just a sliver of a chest cut up. >> Yeah, it is. I put that that was in our um newest cruise vlog. There was a Cheshire Cat. >> Cheshure Cat smile. Rice Lake is nice. Lots of people. >> Oh, >> cottage there. >> Yes, we got cottages and for a full week and took our boat up there. >> My wife used to vacation with her friends family at Rice Lake. That's awesome. >> That's awesome. >> I went one time. I did get to see it. >> It was pretty. >> It was. We had Yeah, that was our >> My knee was like nah walking. Yep. Heather says, "My knees give out sometimes." See? Okay. It's not just me. It's weird how you have a lot of town names. Same as the UK. It conjures up a completely different picture for us thinking of Scarboro. Oh, yes. I have heard of that one in the UK for sure. >> I've heard that, too. >> Yep. No more kneing. Yep. Cheryl says, "You cracked me up." That's funny. And he was like, "Nope, not today. You're done." >> Funny cuz I'm the one with the bad knee. >> I know. This is true. >> That's true. You only get so many knee men's per day. So, it was like, "Nope, you're you're out of them. That's it." >> Was there no drink? >> No, you can have drinks. Well, coffee. That one's not covered. So, yep. Well, let's see what they have here. >> There might be a line, too. You never know. >> Yep. Lavender dream >> matcha. That says matcha. >> Matcha. >> Your favorite. Your favorite. >> You guys missed that vlog. Oh my goodness. That stuff. >> Dale doesn't like matcha. And I told him when he brought it out, I said, "You got matcha?" I was so confused. >> I like the person said it's her favorite drink and I have no idea why. >> I said she has no taste. >> It tastes like grass. >> Oh my goodness. >> Some people love it. >> They do. to each their own because obviously they sell it so people like it. They wouldn't sell it if they didn't like it. >> All right. Well, I don't see anything I need today. >> Ooh, the frozen toffee flight sounds amazing. >> Man says that looks so good. See, people like it. Totally fine. Just not my thing. >> Exactly. That's why there's options. >> Mhm. >> You can get hot. They >> have donuts. They have cookies. >> Hot chocolate. >> Yes. Hot cocoa. Hot tea. >> I was going to say about a cappuccino. >> All right. Go for it. >> Are you getting some? >> Not here, but you can. >> Thank you. >> You can. >> Can't tell what kind it is. Well, let's go see what they have at the other resorts. >> Hi. >> Hi. Just just checking. >> Just window shopping. >> You want a cappuccino? >> Is there another? Nope. >> Not until we go back into Hollywood Studios. >> Oh man. Where are we going to go after this entry? >> Popping art. Yep. >> Pop art. >> Okay. >> Up all night. I don't know. >> That's a great question. I don't know. We'll figure it out. >> Okay. >> Well, Mr. Young Dude, we always need coffee. It's a thing, right? >> What is it? >> He says, "Yeah, that's what you need. Coffee. You're not silly enough. Lol." >> It's true. Coffee helps the brain work. >> Brain work. >> That's why you need coffee. >> Is that what it is? >> Uh-huh. It makes the brain go. Hi, S. >> There's not hardly a line now. >> Hi. How are you guys? It's good to see you. >> Good. We all just Skyliner tonight. >> Yeah. >> We're staying over at Art of Animation. >> Oh, cool. That's where we're going to head next. >> Yeah. >> We saw you on >> Yeah, cuz we're on our way to Epcot right now. >> Do you want to say hi? >> Remind me your names. I know we've met. I just drawing a blank. Alison, >> that's right. Good to see you guys again. >> Yeah. Are you here with kids or without? >> They're sitting right over there. >> Oh, they're here. >> Over there waiting for us. A >> patient. >> Yeah, they're like, >> "All right, mom and dad." >> I know. We We got here for spring break like on Monday. Okay. >> And well, he got here earlier, but we got the rest of us got here on Monday and it's been like chilly all week. It's weird, right? It's a weird spring. It's not normal. >> It's been this week. It's like mid70s, right? >> And like when I left like Yeah. We're like, okay, it was cold when they left, but now it's like 80 90 back. >> That's crazy. You're like, why did we leave that? Yeah. >> Well, and last week we were in the '9s, so this is weird. >> I know. >> But when we left Dallas on Monday, it was like 30. >> Oh, bird. Like, all right, we're coming tomorrow. Yeah. >> Warmer than 30. >> I know, right? >> It was so cold on Tuesday before St. Patrick's Day. >> Yes. It was 40 something. Yeah. Which is >> not The whole time we've lived here, it's never been that cold this time of year. >> Yeah. >> I know. This has been a cold winter all around. >> Yeah, it has. >> We have friends that are down in Miami and they said it's been cold raining down here. >> Oh, in Miami, too. Oh my goodness. What is happening? >> I don't know. And I heard Arizona and California are in the hundreds. Yeah, >> I was saying that earlier and I was like, what is going on? >> I know. >> The only hope that I have from all the cold weather is hoping there'll be less bugs throughout the summer. >> That's a good point. >> Like they kill >> cuz I I always remember back home in Indiana there's a hard freeze. Usually there's like less mosquitoes, less bugs. >> That's a good point. >> So hopefully fingers crossed. >> Good thinking. >> That's the silver lining is maybe there's no bugs this summer. >> There we go. That would be awesome. >> Oh, I bet. >> I bet. >> So, yeah, that's that's the bright side. But gosh, like >> Did you have to buy some sweaters? Did you Or did you It's a cute one. >> Yeah. >> Totally. >> I know. At least today was a little better. >> Yeah, it was the evenings are chilly. Once that sunset goes down, it's >> And I'm like, >> I think that was the wind yesterday. It was like I think it was Wednesday. It was very nice. And but the wind was like, you know, not too bad. Then yesterday it was no sun and the wind made it. >> It was really cold yesterday. Yeah. >> Came back today. >> We went out to Wilderness Lodge yesterday for lunch and at your point. >> You were freezing. Oh no. It was kind of like >> normally you're out there sweating. >> Yeah, it is. better be cold here than at home and still >> true. True. But you're outside more here than you would be at home, too. So that's, you know, that's what we tell everybody. Just bundle up. Bring all the things. >> Bring the layers. >> Exactly. >> Yeah. Well, hope you had fun. Anyways, our shirt. >> Good, good, good. That's awesome. Very good. >> And I heard you were looking for Stitch ears. >> Yes, the new ones. So, they're they have Stitch and Angel. And then they have little flowers on. They're really cute. They're blue, of course. Um, so I don't know where they're at. >> When I'm in any gift shop and I remember seeing I saw a picture of them. Oh, not over there. Okay, that's all right. >> I'm sure we'll find them eventually. >> Thank you. Thank you so much. Good to see you guys. >> Safe travels back home. >> Thank you so much. >> Take care. Enjoy the coolish. >> Yes, we will until it gets so hot. Yeah, >> we'll leave and bring the warm bag. >> Perfect. I love it. >> Bye. Have a good night. >> Been a miserable winter. I want to move to Florida. Wife says she's not moving. Oh no. He says I'm going to miss her. That's funny. >> That's what I would say. >> That's funny. >> All right. When we get over there, we got to plug in. There you go. Go. Oh, yeah. >> Pop an art. >> Okay. Let me do it real quick. >> Okay. >> All right, Dale. Good evening, Rosalie. How are you? Hey, Ginger. How are you? >> And refrain from smoking in the cabin. >> All right, guys. So, we might be on the sky learner with somebody. It'll probably be wrapped, but it is getting dark, so you're not going to see a whole lot anyway. That's why we rode him around there for a little while. >> Thanks for all the likes. Sorry guys. I don't know why I'm yawning. >> Hey, Jennifer. >> Oh, you're going to stay in pop in September. That's amazing. >> A very fun Yes, they are. >> Hey, Sassy Sarah. >> Hi. >> Thank you. Thank you. >> We had 299 earlier. This is 300. We're going up. Oo, it looks like ghost stories with Dale. You want to scooch over that way a little bit. And you can see my reflection reflecting. >> We go sit here next to you. >> Okay. Join us. >> Yeah, we did. >> Joining in late. Hello, Av. No worries. >> ATV. >> I hate ATV. >> Not B. >> V. OB. >> Here we go. >> Here we go. >> You can still see a little bit here. Hi, Kit. How are you? Amy loves your shirt. Gotta love that Chip and Dale. >> Yep. >> Chip andale. Rescue Rangers. Chip and nail. Rescue Rangers. >> We got to do the Chip and Nail race in January. Speaking of races, um I got the 5K for marathon weekend. So, I'm so excited. 5K and uh it's Pluto themed. I've never done a Pluto race before, so I'm so excited to get that >> metal. Good job, Dale. >> Did that help? >> It did. >> That's just really quiet. >> Yeah, there are four of them. >> Actually, five. >> Uh yeah. >> Yeah. >> And there's some under the seat. You can't close those. >> No. Hi, BDF. We also only stay at Pop and we love riding the Skyliner um on non-p park days and resort hopping. Awesome. If you had to choose between November or February for a Disney trip, what would you choose? Well, it depends on what time in November or February. So, if you're wanting less crowds, go early November. >> Mhm. >> If and also February, stay away from um is it President's weekend? Whatever the weekend is that's >> in the race. Is it race weekend? >> Yeah, it's at the end of February. >> Princess race. But I I can't remember when president weekend is. It the weekend before that. >> Anyway, stay away from that weekend, too, cuz that gets very busy as well. >> Um November, you might have more of a chance of it being a little bit warmer. >> End of October, >> early November. >> Yeah. >> Um you'll also get the Christmas party >> sometime in November. So, I don't know. It just it just depends. They're both good months, but you just kind of depends on what you want. >> What festival is at Epcot in November? Is it? >> Um, it's still food and wine up until Thanksgiving, my birthday. >> Okay. >> Yes. Here we go. Off to Wait, where are we going? I don't know. Where are we going? Never. Neverland. >> It's pretty at night. >> Hi, Karen. >> Reflections. >> It is pretty. So pretty. We're slowing down. And we're bouncing. And and we're bouncing. >> Get your life vest out. >> And we're bouncing. Don't say that, Dale. >> Okay, that made me a little nauseous. I'm going to stop looking at the screen. Wow. I can't tell. I don't think we're moving. >> Uh >> or if we are, it's very slow. >> Yep. Very slow. >> Okay. >> Very slow. I think he's a float. >> Dale, Dale, Dale, stop it. Present's day is the third Monday. Okay, sounds good. Yeah, thanks, Rosalie. Loved all of our cruise ship videos. Thank you so much. We just put out a new one on Thursday, day five. Um, we were in Roaton, Honduras, and we think it was our favorite port so far that we've ever been. So, check out the vlog to see why we think so. That's why my husband and I are coming back in early November. Less crowded. Yeah, the Skyliner's getting jiggy with it. It's funny. Getting jiggy with it. Whoa. >> Coming in hot. >> Coming in hot. >> Coming in hot. >> All right, we made it. I knew we would. >> Did you? >> Did we bring a dino with us? Extra large. >> Oh goodness. All right, we did it. Now that's in my head. See you, buddy. Have a good night. >> Hi, Karen. No worries. All good. All right, let's go to pop first. To the pop century. >> Yeah, that when it when it slows down like that and it's dark, it gets me a little disoriented. Otherwise, I'm usually fine on it. >> All right. Thank you, buddy. I appreciate it. >> Hi, Kimmy. How are you? >> We stayed at Pop in October and we absolutely loved it. Yeah, it's a great hotel. We stayed here. You literally go everywhere. Mhm. You You could eat Well, of course you could, but you could even get to Magic from here, obviously by bus, but you could go to the Skyliner, ride all the way to Epcot, walk through Epcot, go to the Montreal, and then jump on the Montreal. >> I I recommend the bus, though. That would be quicker. >> Would definitely be quicker. If you have time and you just want time to kill to chill, >> time to kill to chill. >> There you go, Dale. >> That's Dell's new line. >> It's a good one. >> Time to kill. >> You want to just, you know, take different modes of transportation. Yeah. So, you could actually take the Skyliner like Dale said to Epcot. Then at Epcot, you get on the Montreal, ride it to the TTC, get off, and then take the boat, and you've done like all the things except for the bus. >> Oh my. >> How cool is that? >> Mind blown. >> Yep. I know. >> Look at us thinking outside the box. It hurt a little bit. >> Yeah. >> It's the yo-yo. >> Yo tops. >> I need to pick a good Disney travel agent. Well, that would be, you know, mickeyras.com. MickeyRvels.com, guys. Go check them out. >> They will book you. >> They will. They'll book your trip and it won't cost you any more money. Uh, let's see. We've talked about them. We've talked about Resort TV1 Homes, Davis Vacation Club Rentals. Let's chat about uh what's the one? Oh, Dreamtable. Dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to uh uh book a really hard to get dining reservation um and you're not able to get it, go to dreamtable.co. put in the reservation you're looking for and they'll um notify you whenever it becomes available. >> That's cool. >> So, uh dreamtable.co. So, they won't make the reservation for you, but they will notify you. Yep. And then you go in the app and they're like, "Hey, make it now." So, you go in there. There it is. >> Bam. Pretty cool, huh? >> We got all the people that'll hook you up. >> Yeah. So, again, that's at dreamtable.co. Yeah. I thought I heard the music. You can download it on the app app store. There's >> I was just going to say, what's his name? Was it Baloo? >> Belaloo and Mowgli. >> I forgot his name. >> Mowgi. Okay. Don't get us frozen. I know you're going to do it. >> Coming to >> that Frozen music. It always likes to get you. >> And we muted it. We muted it. How cool is their window display? Oh my goodness. Frozen. >> Frozen. Don't get us. You don't want to do it. >> Frozen. >> You don't want to did it. You don't want to do it. >> We don't want to let it go. We want to keep it. >> We want to keep it. >> Oh my goodness. We going to block you. Frozen >> pop is our favorite place to stay. Was just there earlier this month. Really appreciate you guys going. It's like being home. Oh, I love that. >> Found all the northerners. >> Okay, they're in the pool. >> They're in the pool. >> Yeah. Seriously though, there's a lot of people in there. >> There's a lot of people in there. >> Petals. >> Yeah. Petals bar. >> Petals at the pop. Now, that's a lot of pop. >> That's a big pot. It is definitely It reminds me of that InSync song, Dirty Pop. >> All right, let's go see. >> Let's go see what's in here. >> This the classic. >> I love all the decorations that people do. Finally decided to do it for my birthday last year and the happy birthday banner kept falling. Oh no, Ginger. That's so fun. I love that people do that. And on cruise ships, I love how people decorate their doors. It's so fun. People go all out. It's pretty cool. All right. I do not have Oh, >> new. They redid the last time I was here. >> Really? >> Oh, yeah. Cuz they used They used to have all the Do you remember the nostalgia stuff on the walls and the shadow boxes? >> Oh, >> it's gone. >> This or you thinking art animation? This? Okay. >> It was the different centuries of all the things. Okay. I'm sad those are gone. I'm not going to lie. But this is really cute. So I think this is supposed to be the 50s60s or is Okay, it's 50s 60s >> 70s 80s and 90s. >> Okay, >> there you go. Cool, groovy neato. >> Neato. How funny. >> All right. Well, they redid this. Here's a nice little place to sit, charge your phones and things. >> Entryway there, too, with the pop. We did a little while ago. >> Yeah, this was after. >> That's very neato. It >> is very neato. >> Neato. Neato burrito. >> Neato Mars. >> Neato burrito. >> Oh, Neidato burrito. >> Yeah. >> All right. What do we find in here? Oh, I was going to show you what I think is the cutest sweatshirt. It's this one. Yeah, get that one. How cute is it? They're all watching fireworks together. >> That's cute. Isn't >> that adorable? >> I love it. >> Most magical day. >> Look at them. They're just all so happy. Mickey's got his arm around Minnie. Donald's got his arm around Daisy. Pluto's even there. >> That's cute. >> Adorable. So cute. >> Oh, my knee did that thing. >> Oh, what the >> I thought it's not neon. >> Nope, not neon. >> Here's one of those carabinos. Yeah, I think that's cool to have that for the >> It is cool >> drinks. >> I wonder how well it holds. >> Meet and greet. >> Very cool. >> They got ducks. Here's Angel. >> Oh, cute. >> Winnie, Tigger, Mickey. Oh, they have a stitch. See, one stitch left. >> How cute. >> I need a burrito. >> A E >> after seeing they took away the cool artifacts. I know. Eeyore is so cute. >> What is this? I haven't seen him. Oh, they have a ticker one, too. What is happening right now? >> Well, it's the one I saw over there. The other one like >> I know. I've seen him, but they've never had a a Pluto or a Tiger. These are new. Or Goofy. Goofy's new, too. >> I kind of want Pluto. I'm not going to lie. >> How much are they? Teal. >> They have mini, too. And Marie. >> Yeah. What's teal? I've not seen these anywhere. Okay, that's pretty exciting. I'm excited. >> Teal. Ah, dwarves. >> Let's see who else is here. >> Oh, no. That's that one. They have Dumbo. They have Eeyore, Mickey. >> $13. >> Okay. $16.99 before discounts. That is adorable. Oh, I like it a lot. They have a Pop Century shirt. Um, that's not a hat. That's a club. And here's your favorite. >> Oh, we got to plug in here soon. >> We can do it after we shop. Whenever we're done shopping. Oh, this is a nice classic Walt Disney World shirt. >> Oh, yeah, it is. Look at that jacket. >> Very nice. Let's go see if they have my ears. They do have the build your own headbands. They had some new ones just come in. Trying to see if they have them here. Well, these are fairly new. The golden Mickey and minis are new. >> No, >> they had safari Mickey and Minnie just come in for Animal Kingdom and I thought that was pretty cute. >> All right. Nope. They don't have them. >> It's a negative. >> Sad story. >> It's fine. We're all fine here. Yeah, I know. I like it. They have it for my size, too. Super cute. >> Hey, Dale. What's up with the wall clock on your wrist? The wall clock. It's a fossil. >> Nothing. This is my go-to. It's my fifth anniversary, I think. >> Yeah, he loves watches. >> And I had Disney engraved on the back. 5 year anniversary. >> Yeah, he sure did. It's a nice one. >> We got it in Nassau, I think. >> Nassau. Yeah, that was our f our first cruise ever. >> Yep. >> Here he is again. He's so stinking cute. Look at him. So cute. >> Okay, sounds good. Carlo Box, hi Carl. Back by the fireworks sweatshirt, there was a coffee mug with a different handle. Could you maybe show that by the firework? By the Oh, by the firework. Um, it's a sweatshirt. Was it the Montreal one? I think it was the Montreal one. >> Yeah, I think it was over here. over here. Yeah, it was right over here. I think I did show it, but I'll show it again. No worries. This one. Montreal handle. Oh, that's one. >> Yeah, Ivonne and I were just talking about it's a cool design, but they needed to switch it the other way. No. Okay. Maybe not. I don't know. >> It's weird, but it's cool. >> Actually, that way. Yeah. It's hard to tip more. This way, you don't have to tip as much. >> Okay. >> This way, you'd be like, >> "Okay, >> coffee in your face." >> Hi, Lee. Happy spring. >> Here's all the ducks in plastic form for $4.99. >> That's the thing now, huh? Mhm. >> Can we take these on the Royal Caribbean cruise and hide it up? >> Sure. On a Disney cruise, too. >> I can't wear a watch that big anymore. I'm addicted to Apple. Yeah, same. I like my Apple Watch. >> I don't have one of them. >> Nope. Dale decided he didn't want one. >> I don't want to be notified. >> It's good when I'm on the stream, though, cuz then I don't have to pull out my phone. It is nice. It's good for some people. Other people like Dale would prefer a regular one and that's fine. Let's go see what we got for food. And then we got to plug in. Ooh. Yeah, this was good. PB&amp;J croissant. >> Yummy. >> Hey, you've not tried it. You can't say it if it's got like peanut butter almost like peanut butter pie filling. >> This looks interesting. Cake pop. >> Mhm. Cake pop cookie. >> It's good. I have had it. Okay, >> let's go see what's over here. Oh yes, battery. Thank you, Amara. We got to plug it in. Plug it in. >> All the treats back here. >> Yeah. >> Oh, they have the same thing here. >> Yep, they sure do. >> And the croissant. We have this. That's an oatmeal pie. >> Oh, >> tie-dye cheesecake. I used to love that. >> And then they have this. >> Oo, I've always wanted one of these. Dale, don't tip me. $45. >> And they have the same cupcakes. It's sad they don't really have any different cupcakes. Oh well, we could also go to art. See if there's anything else there. One more. One more stop. You want to do that or do you want to get that? >> Shouldn't. You're really what? >> Oh, no. I've never heard of that cardboard box. That's true, Drew. I don't think so, actually. Hi, Pamela. Oh, resort right here. Here you go. They have blue, pink, purple, and the orange one is a different design. You going to get it? >> That might be good. >> Let's just go see what's on the other side. >> They might have a different cup a different cupcake. You don't know until you look. >> They had chocolate flavored rice krispie treats. >> Chocolate rice krispies. >> Yeah. >> Okay. All right. Well, let's go. Let's go this way. I'm going to use the restroom >> and then we need to plug in. >> We got 244 with us tonight. Thanks, guys. 2400 in the chat. Remember to hit that subscribe button if you haven't already. We'd love to add you to the Resort Hopper family. All right, Dale, let's go over here out of the way. I'll have you hold the peeps and I'll find the >> Okay, holding the peeps. Yeah, it's very different looking in here. You don't know what you don't know. That's what I say all the time. Absolutely, Drew. >> That's right. Always count on the screen to make you hungry. >> It's true. >> Hi, Jennale. My husband and I are excited to take our son Maximo on his first Disney trip in November. And watching your streams just amps our excitement. Oh, that's cool. Awesome. >> Very cool. >> Got it. >> Got it. >> I'm going to put on my sweater. >> I was like, where's the bad? But it's in the pack. It's in my backpack. >> Think about becoming a Hopper member. Looking for more details? Visit the link. Thank you, Amomar. Did we get a snack then? I did not. No, Nicole. >> Look on the other side. >> No snacks >> on the art of animation. I really wanted that one, but I was trying to be good. >> You don't eat it all now. Eat a little bit now and eat a little bit tomorrow. >> I can't be that good. >> You can't be that good. I can I can eat a little bit now and a little bit later. >> I met Josh at Epcot on my trip and I wish I could have met Jennale, too. Oh, go ahead. You were able to meet Josh, Amber? >> Yeah. Sorry we missed you. >> Yep. >> This is my favorite. >> First one I ever found in 2017. Dale and Jenner are comedians. Hi, old Mr. young dude. >> Yes. >> All right. I'm going to use this bathroom. >> Dale, you're crushing the live stream. Thank you, Mike. >> Where are we? >> Uh, what is on the outside? Sure. Let's go shopping with Dale. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Okay. Be right back. >> Okay. We're going to go shopping with Dale. I saw Let's all the little Disney snacks over here. Let's see. That looked very enticing. Finally got 50 subs. There you go. Let's see. Seems like they updated or I just haven't been here in a while, so maybe it's been like this for a while, but they updated the designs on their treat packages, like gummy packages. Like, it's all very bright colors. Aha, thank you. Favorite place to go golf in Orlando. Dale, where your favorite Huh. favorite place? Okay, I have to I have to think about this a little bit because if if cost weren't an issue, then obviously Beay Hill, if price was not an issue, it would be Bay Hill. But it's private course and since I volunteer there, that's how I'm able to get there. But believe it or not, it is open to the public with a couple tricks. If you stay at their lodge, and I'm not exactly sure if it's one night or two night, you have to stay at the lodge. Then you are able to play Bay Hill. I think it's for like $250 or that's what it was in the past. So, that would be my favorite place. As far as a public course, oh man, I'm not too sure if I have a There's so many good courses around Orlando and the Disney courses are all great. Good layouts. Let's see what's back here in the corner. Uh, let's see. Non-D Disney course. What would be my favorite? I'm not too sure. Maybe down by the Orange Lake Resorts. Both of those courses down there are good. Happy Friday, Tracy. I haven't met Dale or Dad yet. I've met the rest and the crew from the Joy. Oh, yes. I have not, Nicole. Never played in Arizona. I've seen some absolutely amazing courses in Arizona. Oh, check out my bud Dale. I would love to play in Arizona. There's like courses out there with the rock formations and stuff. I would love that. That would be fantastic. Oh, the cooking the cooking section. The cooking section is always cool. Yes. Nicole from Arizona. Yeah, I've seen the courses are absolutely massive. What is this guy? Is that a salt? That is a salt. That's like the biggest salt and pepper shaker I've ever seen. That is very thinking outside the box right there. Cool. $35. Very cool. See what else we can find. Hey, everything from the kitchen area, right, Amy? They do such great stuff with the kitchen area. Almost time for happily ever after. I'm on the boat to Magic Kingdom. Oh, awesome. Edwin, have fun. Hey, Dale. Have you golfed in Celebration? Oh, that is a great course. Yes, I've golfed there a couple times. A great layout. I like that course just because you're uh Boo I spy just because it's like in the neighborhood and everything. >> What did you get? >> It's a great course. >> You didn't get anything? I got some air in the store. Arnold Palmer courses are really fun. I have three near me. Can't wait to hit them at every chance. Oh, yeah. Mike, that's right. Yeah, one of the uh Yeah, maybe I said that. One of the Lake Orange Lake Resort courses. One of those is Arnold Palmer course down there. Dale, I liked your popcorn tutorial. Oh, well, good. That's how I make popcorn. Just uh I've had plenty of microwaves, so I started doing fresh and it's so much better. Can you show the pin wall? Oh, I think we're going to head out to the next >> Oh, store. >> We'll show the other one over here. >> Hi, John and Dale. Happy Friday. Embladed. Happy 9th anniversary to RTV1. Was in the hospital having my pacemaker replaced. Oh my goodness. >> No, >> I'm sorry. Hopefully everything went well, Robin. >> Yeah, I hope so. >> That is that is not something you hear every day. Oh, I was in the hospital. Well, I had my pacemaker replaced. >> I hope you're doing >> Oh, hopefully you're doing well, recovering well with it. And hopefully it's a much better pacemaker. >> Yeah. Thanks for joining the stream tonight. >> Hopefully your recovery a little better. >> Yes. I have not been to Pinehurst. How amazing would that be? I love fresh popcorn with Nutella. Oh my goodness. >> Oo, now you're talking, >> man. Nutella. Talk about Nutella. The cruise. If you haven't seen, if you have, you know what we're talking about. Now that was Nutella on a whole another level. >> I love Nutella. >> Yeah, me too. Nutella. >> It was amazing. >> The next night we went back and we said a little less Nutella, please. >> Nobody usually says. >> Yeah, never say that. >> Did you ever play the Maxi Golf Course? I have not. Maxi. Oh, we have a uh >> we have a congratulations on 28 months resort hopper bronze. Hi Oen. you your Jenna text Josh birth pin from Brian Cook art booth. >> Oh, I doubt he's still there Matt but thanks for being a member for so >> awesome. Thank you very much. >> All right at anime food court is pretty is pretty fair. Yes, agreed. >> We're going to head that way the thing again. >> What the what's with your knee doing the thing? Yeah, look at the light on that uh that room. Happy Friday and date night, Jenn and Dale. Oh, thank you Michelle King. Appreciate it. >> It's almost like a pinched nerve kind of feeling. >> Thank you, J Mosley. Pinched nerve. Yeah, it does. Which is weird. Which resort is this? This is Pop Century. >> Can you get your ears on? All right. You ready? >> This is Pop. Can you walk and talk? >> Yeah. Yeah. >> You got this. >> Oh, yeah. >> Oh, yeah. >> You got this. >> Maya. >> See, look at all the people in the pool. All the northerners. Like, it's so busy. It's 8:35 for crying out loud. >> And it's cold. >> It is Florida. Yes. Like we got sweatshirts on. >> I feel >> Is it heated? >> Heated. But I still have to get out. >> That's right. And I don't see see any towels right next to it. >> Yeah. We would have done the same. >> That way we got >> We We were there. Been there. Done that. Been there. >> Tangled. OKAY. >> TALK LOUD FOR TANGLED. Blocking you. Tangled. No, don't do it. Ah, >> I like Dale's enthusiasm for Nutella. Yes. >> Yeah. Nutella. Oh my goodness. It is It is It is another level. >> And then I realized I needed to stop cuz you know I want my clothes to fit. Uh is Nutella and then I get pretzels and dip them in the Nutella. >> Oh my goodness. >> The sweet and salty. >> Wow. Yeah. >> Now that was crazy addiction. >> We did that for a while, remember? Yeah, we did. Like, okay, I got to stop this. >> It's 20 in Illinois. I feel like 65 would be a heat wave. Yes. >> Compared to Absolutely. >> Absolutely. >> Absolutely. >> But to be in a pool, it's a little chilly. >> Yes. Hi, Jennale. We are coming the first week of April. And then will the weather be cooler than it is during the summer? Well, definitely during the summer, but it's it's just uh >> depends. Usually by this time of year, we're in the 80s. So, >> it's up in the air. We don't know. >> Like last week, it was definitely warmer. It wasn't like super hot, but it was >> It was last week. >> It was in the 90s today. Two or three days. >> So, it's not like summer though. Summer's in the hundreds. So, early April. >> You will It'll be Well, it definitely won't be like the summer. >> But it was humid last week, too. >> Oh, it was humid. >> It was humid and it was 90. >> This is where I'm staying in a couple months. Awesome. Leon, you you lead the way. >> Oh, Tim must said something. Somebody said three's a crowd for date night. Tim, >> I'm sad because my husband, whoever, won't be able to make it or next month. >> His bird Ralphie flew away. Oh no. >> That's not good. >> That's sad. I'm sorry. >> I can't go swimming in the air temp is less than 85. I get too cold. Right, Amber? >> Same. >> It's too cold. >> That's all all adults, kids. And we were all there. We didn't care. >> We didn't care what temperature is. If there's a pool around like, hallelujah, there's a pool. Let's go. >> And now you're like, "No thanks. I'm good. >> 20s. It's almost 50s here in uh I I'm guessing that is southwest Michigan. S WMI. You just go. >> Yep. >> You make your path. Has to be hot or swim. I lost bingo again. Had like four numbers that would give me a win. Dog on it. Well, that's a bummer. Bingo's fun. Good old bingo. >> I wanted to play on the cruise ship, but you had to pay to play. >> Oh, yeah. cuz and it was pricey but it would have been fun. >> It was like 50 bucks, >> but you you could win Yeah. a bunch of money. >> I take that money. I go to slots. >> I thought it would have been fun. Something different, but we didn't do it >> cuz we found like on Royal Caribbean there's uh their casino and if you play it correctly, you can then increase your points and end up getting free cruises. So, that's what I'm all about. $4.99 from Jeremy 2026. Hey, Jennale. Is it too cold to swim? thought to see if >> we think so. >> Tonight, >> is it is it too >> Is it too cold to swim tonight? This evening? Yes. Well, for us, obviously not for the kids. >> Yes. Thank you very much. Thank you for the super chat. Super nice. Okay, let's go under water over here. Just keeping >> Hello there, David. How we doing? Happy Friday night to you. >> We stayed quiet time. We stayed in the cars area. >> Yeah, we did. It was fun. >> Really cool. >> They have nice sweets. Why are you going left? >> Because I can. You got to go right now. >> No, you don't. I got the stream. >> You're in America. >> Go right. >> There's There's people right there, so I don't have the back of their heads being filmed the whole time. Nope. It is uh >> Oh, boy. >> my stream. So, uh >> Oh, it's yours now. Okay. >> I have it in my hands. I make the rules. >> Okay. I got somebody taking it back. >> Oh, boy. She done she done had enough. Mhm. >> I sent a picture. >> I did. Okay, we're going to go mute. Okay. >> Back and forth. >> All right. Still noisy. They were dancing. Did you see? They're doing a little uh dance party. What up, fish? Get a happy face. Time for happy And WE'RE BACK. RUN, RUN WITH THE STREAM. RUN. >> Sorry about that. >> This part of the stream is being brought to you by Marcel Marcio. Yes, David. >> Huh? >> I'm not sure. Sure. David said that. I'm not too sure. >> Okay. Hi, David. Are we going to go in? >> Uh, sure. Or did you want to walk that way? >> No, we can go in. >> Go see what kind of treats they have over here. >> Yeah, this is a great resort. >> Congratulations on 22 months of Resort Hopper Bronze. Hey, Jenn and Dale. We are coming for spring break in a couple weeks. Do you have a spare room? Just kidding. Yeah, there's one right here. We kept it right here at Art of Animation for you. >> Make you pay for it. >> Yes. >> Thank you so much. >> Thank you very much, DVC Duchess. >> Yeah, we really appreciate very very much so. Thank you very much. But we we we asked them to keep a spare room here for you >> for a minimal fee >> of whatever it is. >> Yeah. >> 200 some dollars a night. I don't know. I don't know how much it is now. >> They upped these since. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> You have a Skyliner. So, it's a little pricey. >> You got to pay for the Skyliner. >> Yeah. >> And you have another mode of transportation. Yes, you do. So, here we go. Yes, we are in Art of Animation. Somebody asked earlier and thank you for everybody uh helping out the chat. Let them know we are in Art of Animation. >> Deal. Are you really a Jordan Speed fan or were you just being nice? >> Was I really a what? >> Jordan Speed. Well, I don't mind him, but I'm not like a huge fan, but yes, I I like him. I walked with him twice uh during the uh the invitational. I got two signed golf balls. And I had a friend who his daughter loves Jordan Speed, so I gave her one of the golf balls. New here. Resort TV1 goes live from the parks or resorts every Friday night. Yes. Thank you, Amara. I was like, wait, Amara, you're new here. Okay. Eating a Sters tuna castle for dinner right now. There you go. Good old Sters. >> Okay. You want it >> back from you? If we get treats, you can >> Yep. Do you want the bag and all? >> I guess so. >> No. Do the other arm. Switch hands. There we go. >> That's weird. That feels so weird to put it on that arm first. >> No, I know. I got you. It was just weird. >> Yep. >> All right, guys. Let's go in the ink and paint shop. See what they got. See what's going on. I know. The lobby is really cool, isn't it? >> All right. Hopefully they got my stitchy ears here. >> It means no worries for the rest of your days. >> Okay, they do have Pluto here. Oh, he's selling out. >> Pluto's selling out. Dale, >> he's so cute. So cute. They do have some Wishables over here. Let's go show those. They got some Lion King stuff. >> They have the um for up. And then you've got Mickey and the gang. >> Oh, there's a new yellow zip-up hoodie. >> Let's go see if they have my ears. We got enough room in our suitcase for everything. >> Right. >> Uh, Mr. Master, congrats on 12 months. Sorry, guys. Hang on one second. Congrats on 12 months of Resort Hopper bronze. Finally made it to a year. Was fun to celebrate 11 months right in front of Josh. Keep shopping. The more support, the merrier. Thank you so much. Truly appreciate it, Mr. Master for being a member for 12 months. I think we should rename the channel Dale TV for the evening. That's right. It is Dale TV. >> Guy, the line you said, I'm pretty sure every every husband says when they come to Disney, >> do we have enough room in the suitcase for all of us? Needs to be a two. Needs to be a t-shirt. >> Of course we do. Yeah, that would be a fun t-shirt. Um, all right. W They don't have my stitchy ears. Sad story. I do like these ears though. >> Yeah, it's a kids swim outfit. >> T-shirt, but >> Hey, Tiki Man fan. How are you? Uh, so Josh is not here tonight. It is Dale and I Josh was with Liam at Mega Con. I don't know if they're still there, but um that's where they were. >> Bies, >> huh? >> I'm doing a vlog where I went to Bies. >> Somebody has a B. >> Okay. I was like, I have no idea what's happening right now. Where's Bies? Dale is like squirrel mode right now. This is so cute. There's Winnie and then there's Tigger. I actually want to take these off and make them into my um for my headband. >> Yep, I can do that. Just put a zip tie around it. >> Tie them. >> I want Velcro though, Dale. So I can take them off and on a lot easier. Okay, cool beans. Are you planning on doing the afternoon uh tea at the Grand Fian? I would love to if I can get a reservation. They're really hard to get some Art of Animation stuff. They have a Loungefly. Dale, I saw the best t-shirt when I was there last week. It was a dad walking with a key and a barcode and it said, "I'm just here to pay. Please stand me." I've seen those. Those are fun. >> That's hilarious. >> So fun. Oh my goodness. >> That's a cool cup. They did have ears for Armation. I think they must be sold out, though, cuz I don't see them. They change color in the sun, which is really cool. All right, let's go see. Oh, I did. Is this the one you're talking about? >> Oh, yep. >> Yeah. If we don't see anything, that does I've had it. It's very yummy. >> Okay, we split in half >> or get our own. It's little. It's >> that little. >> Yeah, it is. >> Got like 5,000 calories. We can get our own. >> We've been walking a lot. It's okay. >> Oh man, it smells so good in here. >> It really does. >> Oh man, look at this guys. >> Oo, I was looking at this. It's rogue gravel sundae. Dale's looking at that >> savory stuff. >> And Jenna's looking at Wait, come on. Picture >> uh cars watches an espresso $1.99. Hi from Venzo. Uh, we will be there in two weeks. Thank you so much. That's awesome. >> So I was like, "Oh, this looks amazing." J's like, "Oh, this looks amazing." >> And then another dad had a t-shirt that said, "Let's spend more time shopping." Said, "No, dad ever." >> Yep. Yep. >> That's like on the cruise on on the vlog. It was Friday and on the cruise I said, "Yay, it's Friday." >> Says, "No one ever on >> says no one ever." Yeah, exactly. Oh, no. Boo. It's Friday. >> No. Yay. You said you never say yay. It's Friday on a cruise because it's coming to an end. >> Oh, okay. I thought you said boo. It's Friday. Anyway, it was one of those. >> They have a carrot cake. >> That looks good. Now, >> cream cheese buttercream. So, that's on you. >> Oh, what's this? >> I don't know, but it's it looks good. >> Yeah, you can get it, sweetie. Get it. I know you like carrot cake. Can you do that guy? >> It looks like this. >> Nerds. >> Oh, loose. >> But I'm not stopping you from getting it. Go get it. Let's go see what's over here. >> Man, there's a long line. >> Ooh. Lemon mering croissant. Should have got the peanut butter and jelly croissant. Man, they don't have a lot of things here. I was shockingly uh disappointed. Jesse says, "Super tardy to the party, but hi Jan and Dale." Hey, Jesse Mouse. No worries at all. >> Yeah, where you've been all night. We've been waiting. I was like, this is just crazy. Where is Jesse Mouse? >> Crazy bananas. Oh, there's another cupcake over here. Just kidding, Jesse. Ooh, mermaid tail cupcake. That looks good. I don't know what's in it. Was it? >> Okay. >> Sketch sketchy cake. >> Yeah. I wonder what's in that. >> It's a sketchy cake >> here. Open uh open this guy. >> Does it say >> sugar? Sugar. Another level of sugar >> and then a side of sugar. >> Do you want to show that cupcake? >> Sure. >> Okay. >> All right. Then we don't have to wait in that line. >> Yep. >> All right, Dale. You go pay and I'll find a seat. >> Discounts for these? No. >> No. I'll find a seat. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Two cups. I might go outside. >> I'll find you. >> Unless the music's too loud. >> Okay, I'll find you. >> Okay. >> Uh, let's see. Amber Max 77 just became a member. Thank you so much, Amber, for becoming a member of the channel. We really, really appreciate it. Thank you so much. Sorry guys if I missed your chat. Woo! Windy. Oh my, that door is about to hit me. Holy moly, that was scary. Yeah, let's sit here. I think it's far enough away. All right, guys. Oh my goodness. Oh, it feels good to sit. I know we've been sitting some, but you Oh, I almost dropped my phone. All the trouble. # all the trouble. What is happening right now? Okay, one second. Hang on. Oh, come on. Battery. What are you doing? >> I'm having trouble. Okay. The battery was behind my back in my pocket of my backpack and I had to unplug and replplug. All right, we are good now, guys. I have to show you. I found him last year at Walmart. How stinking cute is he? He's a little chick. He's in a chick costume. I was going to say for Halloween, for Easter. I mean, he could be a chick for Halloween, too. So, that could work. Yes. # all the trouble. Uh, let's see. Um, Michaela. Michaela sent $2. Says, "Hi, Jon and Dale. How are you feeling today?" We're doing great, Michaela. Thank you so much. I hope you're doing well, too. Hi, classy Disney mom. Thank you, Michaela. All right, guys. There we go. Hey, Kaye. How are you? I haven't seen you in a while. I'm so glad you've uh stopped in to say hello. Hope you're doing well. Like I said, it is Easter Wing. Exactly. See, Jesse knows. Hi, Jill. So, uh, Dale is in getting our treat, so we don't know how much it is. Can you guys hear that music? I'm wondering if it's going to be copyrighted. All right, let's chat about another amazing sponsor that we have. Actually, we could go further down. Let's do that. Actually, I think that's what we're going to do. Give me a second. We're going to go further down that way. We're further away from the music. H there Okay. >> Oh, you can hear a sump thump. Okay. Um, I think you can take Starbucks on the I think as long as the the drink has a lid, you can take it on the Skyliner. Uh, it's been a while. Keep meaning to try and talk to you. I'm okay. Thanks. A we missed you too for sure. Kaye, I need to find my resort hopper shirt. I wore it for my 2020 birthday in lockdown. A that's awesome. Amber watch Disney vlogs and ride POVs all day. You won a bingo game. Awesome. It was great meeting you at the far garden festival with your parents. A it was great meeting you as well. Can't hear it. All right. Well, >> I moved just in case. Oh my goodness. Why am I yawning? >> Hi, Dale. You get um forks and things and stuff. >> And things >> and stuff. Look at you being prepared and napkins. >> Good job, Dale. >> Look at this. It's my first day. It's my second. >> Yeah, I know. It's true. >> Oh my goodness. All right, guys. We're going to selfie it up. >> We got dessert. >> My nose. My nose is itchy. >> Like a bunny. >> I don't know. Bunny's ears. Ears. Nose is itchy. >> I know. >> That's why they go like this all the time. >> Oh, you know what's the easiest way to catch a catch a bunny? >> By the nose. >> No. >> I don't know. >> Put salt on its tail. Figure that one out. >> Huh? >> If you know, you know. If not, it's a mind scratcher. >> You guys have an amazing weather day or um evening. Yeah, it is nice out. Um I don't know, Dale. >> Anybody? We'll give it some time. So, I know somebody knows. >> Yes, Elizabeth. I have. It's awesome. I love it so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I love all my Wanda stuff. >> I don't know, Dale. >> Hey, buddy. Somebody somebody will know. >> Thanks, Amber. >> Somebody will know. I'll let you cut it and do the honors. >> Okay. Hi, Mr. Mom Jen. How are you? >> Let's put it on the napkins. That'll be easier. >> Okay. I think so. I'll let you do everything. Here's the thingy. >> Drop it. There's chip. But Jimma is gay. >> It weighs it down. >> Weighs it down. >> It's a good guess. >> Yeah. >> A good guess. >> Nice. Watch. Is that a tag? I wish >> it's a fossil. >> Yes. Okay. So, the trick with the salt on the tail, if you're close enough to put the salt on a tail of a bunny, you can probably catch it. >> Good job. >> Good luck putting salt on the tail of a bunny. >> Good job, J. >> So, if you're able to do that, you can then probably catch it. >> That's true. Look at this guy. Look at me. Look at it. >> Yep. Ah, somebody knew it. Niha, if you get close enough to put salt na >> salt, you are close enough to get to it. Yes. >> Good job. >> Good job. >> That's awesome. I knew somebody would. >> Do you want to cut it in half? >> Yeah. >> Oh, tail down. I'll try it. >> You got to take it off to cut it. No, you don't. White chocolate. icing. >> Wow. Wow. Wow. >> The icing is really hard. >> Oh, man. Oh, cuz in the cooler. >> Is there a filling? There is a filling. >> It look Yeah, because I see it on the bottom. It's like a a yellow. >> Is it lemon? >> Probably lemon. I'm going to lay it down. Actually, I'm going to put mine back in here. >> I'm eating this. I had to hold on to it. Drop it. >> I'm going to eat mine out of here. >> Good thing you got >> cuz putting it on the napkin, cutting on the napkin, I'm afraid it's going to >> help. >> Do that. >> Yep. >> I was going to look for a plate. >> Oh my word. We're getting more napkins. >> Med. >> I use like all the napkins. Is it good? >> Oh my goodness. That's yummy. >> I'm assuming it is. That >> is delicious. >> What's the center? I haven't gotten that yet. I just did the part. I just did the frosting. >> He just did the last. >> No, >> there's coconut in there. >> Coconut >> and pineapple. >> Yeah, it's not lemon. >> How do you catch a tame wrap? >> Careful. >> I guess it's the same thing. >> Hey, mermaid mom. >> Similar. >> Careful with the table. >> I know it's bouncing. >> You bop it every time. >> Good luck getting a tame. Right. >> I have had a pet right? Yes, I did have a pet rabbit when I was a kid. Thumper. This is hard to eat. So, what is the center? I taste coconut. >> This is just goodness in my mouth. >> It's not like strong lemon. >> It's not lemon. >> Okay. I thought you said it was lemon. >> No. >> Oh, the cake is >> I just said I think it's coconut. >> Oh, >> pineapple. >> Maybe pineapple >> maybe. >> But coconut too. >> Happy Friday. >> Hi teach. >> I definitely taste coconut. Do you >> really? I don't I don't get like a definite >> I do 100%. >> I just get >> You got a pet rabbit too. That's awesome. >> Foxy. >> M. That's cute. Noah Foxy. Wait. Oh, from Back to the Future. I love that. Michael J. Fox. Okay. This is not when you cut this. >> It is not easy to eat. >> Do my trick. That was much easier. >> Too late. >> It's already in there. >> Okay. >> I don't think I'm going to be able to get it out now. Thanks. So, >> yeah. Okay. >> You're welcome. That was really good. Incoming sugar shock. That's right. >> Good pick. >> Yes. Very good pick. >> Pit right. >> You did, Amara. It's so cute. I don't remember the name of it, though. >> Mine was a a black and tan. >> Black and tan. >> Mhm. Okay. >> Yes. I taste all those things. >> Yeah. >> Vanilla cupcake with pineapple belly and it is >> so good. >> Yep. >> The cupcakes are always almost always like >> They used to have the best ones at the Kin Tempo Cafe, but they don't really >> Oh, really? Don't I would always like these cupcakes better than sprinkles. >> That's right. >> I like these cupcakes better than sprinkles. Okay, you guys ought to go summer house at Disney Springs for dinner out. >> We have >> We have Oh, yeah, we have. We They had a massive >> Yes. >> uh chicken strips. >> But it's not a cupcake. It's a cupcake. >> Cupcake. Cupcake. >> Cop. The cops are >> kidding me. >> I had a pet raccoon named Bandit. Oh, cute. >> A >> Yeah, pet raccoon. That's just >> We knew what you meant. >> Coming in Florida. Mhm. >> In 5 weeks. Awesome. >> Careful. >> I'm sorry, Karen. I like the Dales with eating. I like that B is good with eating on camera. >> Yeah, I don't mind. Disney has Oh, right. Manila J. >> They do. So good. Cupcakes. >> Oh, Foxy was a black and tan. A >> cake and a cup. Not a cupcake. Not >> Hello, Alicia. That was so good. >> So good. So good. >> I think I could have ate my own. >> Yeah, I know I could have. I just in a >> It's so late to eat. >> But sometimes this >> Sometimes cupcakes I drink wheat and you can't eat your own. You know what I mean? >> Mhm. >> Like you get oversweeted. >> Overed. >> I get that a lot with you being around. H. >> Yeah. >> Where'd you find that one? >> Uh, it just came up. I'm good with these oneliners. I'm really good. >> I memorized the book. >> That is so good. >> Yeah, it tastes really good. >> Please, may I have another? >> Yeah, I know, right? That is delicious. >> You want that? >> I guess you don't want it. >> None. There's a tail. Another tiger tail. Mermaid tail. Tannon light. Okay, cool. M. A nice hot tea. That sounds good. >> Oh, cute. I always wanted a chinchilla. >> They're so stinking cute. >> I've had Okay, so when I was a kid, I had a hamster named Twinkie. He was like white or he was tan tan and white in the middle kind of like a Twinkie. >> No, that's cute. >> Yep. >> And then um >> in college we couldn't have a dog in our apartment and I really wanted an animal >> so I got a a guinea pig. >> We did. >> I had a with her as well. >> I got with my first roommate and then >> we moved in. >> Um >> Piggy Wiggles. >> Piggy Wiggles. Miss Piggy Wiggles. It's a miss piggy wiggles to you. >> Miss Piggy Wiggles. She was so cute. She was a long-haired guinea pig. And we feed her little raisins. Remember? >> Oh, I forgot about that. >> Yeah. >> Yep. >> Um Oh, and growing up, I had the bunny comfort. So, that was I think that's it. And then we got Kobe. >> Yep. We had a little puppy pomeranium. >> Oh, yeah. We had puppies for >> y. >> We had a popper spaniel. named Tessa, a schnowzer named Reesei, Mini Schnowzer, who I did um 48 with and he he was he won reserve cran champion twice. He was right behind a poodle. So, I can't ever have a poodle. I like poodles, but I always think of them being cute. Nothing against poodles, but >> we had a uh wasn't really a pet, and I don't recommend it. We It was an injured seagull, so we took care of the seagull and we put it in a cage. >> I had never heard this >> and it did not go well. >> So the seagull did not make it unfortunately. >> Yes. >> Your parents let you do that? >> Yeah, it was injured. So we went and got it and we put it in the cage >> and then apparently Yeah. >> I don't know, guys. This is the first time I've ever heard this story. Jesse says, "Wait, I didn't know about Miss Piggy Wiggles." Yeah, I thought I told you about her. She was so cute. She was about I don't know a little bigger than my hand. Yay big. And um she had a lot of fur. >> And she loved her little raisin. >> She we put it >> hamster wheel. >> Uh no, she was not in >> Okay, never mind. I don't know >> in the cage. >> No, >> she had a a guinea pig like ball she walk in. >> Oh, is that what it was? >> Big. Okay. >> But um I give her and we just let her out and run around. But I give the little raisins and she would just take it and >> Oh, that's right. She would joke. >> So cute. >> Yep. >> But anyhow, Mars says deal. >> It was a cute name, right? Well, um I love Piggy, you know, Miss Piggy. And then she wiggled a lot, so we're like this piggy wiggles. Perfect. >> Oh, what's your favorite Utah Disney course? They're all good. My favorite is I'd say magnolia, but it's challenging. I don't know. >> Mom's doing better. Thanks. >> I'd say magnolia. If you're doing a video, if you're doing a YouTube video, I probably say do Palm because it has the par three bunker, but also Well, it's a tossup. It wasn't my birthday, too, >> because because uh Magnolia, it has the Grumpy's Grumpy's Gauntlet, which is very challenging and fun. It'd be cool to to video that also. >> Yeah. What's your What's your uh >> Grumpy's Gauntlet? >> What's your YouTube golf channel? And um >> you got room for a third or a fourth? Um, oh, and we had I forgot another pet we had was our um Maltese. Lily. >> Oh, yeah. Lily. I remember her. I remember Lily. >> She was a bigger Maltese. She was about 10ish pounds. >> Yeah, she was >> a little bit bigger. >> More like Murray. >> Uh-huh. She was Chloe was smaller than both Murray and the funny thing is are usually bigger than Maltese. >> Wow. >> She was the winner. So, she was >> Yes. All right, it's 9:00. >> Well, let's continue our uh >> game over. Play the palm. Please go over to the cars. >> You're going to have You're going to love You're going to love the palm. >> Okay, you're going to love your fireworks. >> Yes. >> I was looking to pay play Oak Trail tomorrow, but there's absolutely nothing available. It is absolutely hard to find any tea times. >> I thought you had two things to do tomorrow. >> I did, but it's because I couldn't find any tea times. Oh, listen. It is. >> I have to change the oil in in my car tomorrow, too. And then paints. If you've seen Adventures of Jenna with the repiping, we still got to paint or I have to paint the walls still. Got to do that. Got to change the oil on the car. I got to make >> He does this every weekend. I'm like, you want to do something fun? Oh, I've got to do this and I've got to do this and I've got >> And people want more of my topiaries and I'm out of I got to paint the PVC. I got to go and get more PVC pipe and paint them and cut them down and do all the things. >> Oh, that's so cute, Dave. I love Kadana. That's cute. >> Oh, awesome. Dad Disney fam, I'm just playing Magnolia with my husband and six-year-old. Oh, awesome. Hopefully you enjoyed it. >> Hey, Spike. >> But I do have like five tea times booked for Oak Trail for the next month. I just book them. But then you cancel them if I can't go. As long as you cancel them 24 hours in advance, you're good to go. Because if you don't book them, >> they're gone. >> There you go, guys. They open. >> They gone. >> Especially this time of the year, but it's so busy down here with adults. So true. >> So busy. >> It is. It is. All right, that was a little snapping chat. Who >> snapping? >> Okay. He always has his honeydew list. It is true. >> Yeah. Spike dubby. Spike dubby. Where can he be? Oh, where can he be? A Kelly, I'm glad you like the topiary. >> Yes. Uh, Oak Trail is walking only nine holes. Yep. >> Yeah, it's not too bad here. The Hollywood Studios where I parked earlier was packed. Oh, >> yeah. We still got to go back there. >> Mhm. It's true, Dale. It's true. All right, let's go show the cars area and then we'll hop back on the sky. Oh man, now we got some country. That water was so cold. >> Our YouTube channel is Tree of the Tea. >> Tree of the Tea. >> Oh, traffics. said, "We would love to have you on." >> Hi Ann, sorry guys. muted horse that's watching us. >> We muted it for copyright issues for just a little bit there. >> Dale is wearing a Fossil watch. Everybody's loving your watch. >> Yeah, it's it's the longest. It's what I've owned the longest. >> He got it for our 5year anniversary in the Bahamas. Yes. Commentary about Tim McGraw. There you go. No copyrights. Any plans to check out North and South Carolina? There's a big a big little place called Carowinds. Um, I mean, I would like to I'd also love to go back to um I think we've been talking about this to Dollywood. I haven't been there forever, so I think that would be fun. >> Like to go back to >> Hershey Park would be fun. >> Pass the rolls again. >> Yep. I'd like to go back there. I was talking about theme parks, but yes. >> Yes. Yes. It'd be fun to go back to Holiday World, too. Remember going to Holiday World? >> That was always fun. That's in Indiana. We stayed at Pop in August, but never made it over to Art. Oh, it's so close. Definitely worth the walk over. >> Yeah, it's pop skipping a jump, as they say. >> Yeah, >> just fly by your pants. >> Okay, there you go. If you guys missed the vlog, go back and watch it. It was our newest cruise vlog uh on Adventures of Jen andale and you'll know what he's talking about. Oh yeah, Tim's going to Dollywood in two weeks. I'm jealous. Hi DJ. I left Walt Disney World as the spring break crowds were getting bad. I didn't think spring breaks would start this early. Yeah. No. Um all of Orange County, which is where Disney is, is on spring break this week. >> And it seems like the rest of the country, somebody has spring break for like the next two months. >> Yeah, it is. No, it's serious. S seriously true. All right, Jesse, we're going to plan a girls trip then. Let's do it. We're going to Dollywood. It's a thing. I looked it up to drive it was like 9 10 hours. So, not horrible. >> No. >> To Dollywood? >> No. >> Hey, Chrissy. >> Driving back home. >> Yep. >> You've stayed in a car's family suite. It is really fun. We did too. We stayed in this building right here. Luigi's Casadela tires. Love Hershey Park. First theme park I ever went to. Oh, awesome. Disney was the first theme park I ever went to. All right, sounds good. Jesse, let's book it. Let's do it. David says, "Okay, I'm back. Had to make Annie's mac and cheese for the offspring." Oh, that sounds good. I love mac and cheese. >> You have the whole offspring brand banned over. Uh, he's talking about his daughter tail. Oh, what was that >> tree? >> Oh, sounded like metal. >> The whole tree. >> The whole tree. >> Hey, tomato, you're missing the headlight. >> To happy Friday, Debbie. They got the cozy cones over here for the pool, which is a really cool detail that they have. >> One time we were in that building and another time we were right near the sheriff car. Oh, cool. Sarges. Britt likes to check out the jeep over here. Whoop! Finale. Finale. >> There it goes. >> Finale. >> She's going to blow. >> These are really cool and they go quick. So, if you want one of these during the day, come out early. One time we were in that building and another time, oh, I already read that. Stay in the Lion King suits once. Awesome. Dollywood is a must. You have to stay at the Dollywood's Heart Song Lodge and Resort. Okay, cool. Cool. Thank you for the tip. Tim, where are you staying when you go? I was at McDonald's listening to Hannah Montana Miley Cyrus concert. Okay. Nice. >> Oh, a thrill park. Okay. >> All right. >> There he is. >> Good night, Sargees Surplus. This is a shop in Disneyland. >> Oh, yeah. >> Super cool. Hey, Regina. How are you? Welcome in. >> So, let's see. We have um Behind the Ride. If you guys would like to know how some of your favorite rides at Walt Disney World were created, go check out Behind the Ride by David Mower on Amazon. You can also get um Oh, >> Sally's getting refurbed. Poor Sally. >> Sally's cold. Sally's cold. Um, okay. So, again, go check out um, let's see, Behind the Ride in Disney Demystified on Amazon by David Mum Power. You can get the ebook, the hardcover copy, or even the audio book for Disney demystified, Phil Moore's Organic Fuel. All right, let's go back to the Skylliner. You ready? What you doing over there? Being quiet. >> Listening. >> He's listening. Okay. My husband Wilbur and I stayed there for our honeymoon. Oh, that's awesome. Wanda. >> Hello, Lori in San Antonio. We're staying at the lodge at Camp Margaritaville. Oh, cool. All right. Do Floridaian Fidians get big discounts at Disney tickets and merch and resorts? Yes. Um, we do get discounts um, definitely on tickets and not all the time at the resorts, but a lot of time you will get discounts if you're a Florida resident at the resorts. Cool. Cool. I love that the lights are on on the cars. Man, I am chilly. >> Yeah, it's cool out. >> It got chilly. I think you missed my holiday proposal. What was your holiday proposal? Dave Dave. Oh my. David's name is now Dave. >> Okay. >> David. Oh my goodness. Here's Flo. Say hi, Flo. Amazing. Um, my favorite Disney ride is probably Guardians of the Galaxy. >> Yeah, that breeze picked back up. >> That is chilly breeze. >> The wind tunnel here buildings. >> Yeah, I think you're right. Thanks for almost 1500 likes. Oh, there's there's the cupcake you were talking about, Jesse. There's your cupcake. >> Oh, no. He's side eyeing us. Don't you side eye us, Sarge. Don't do it. >> Too late. >> Um, okay. So, it was you guys coming up in December, skating at the rock, seeing rockets, maybe a show, you know, all the things. That would be fun, David. I'd love to go to New York at Christmas time. >> Yeah, >> it would be freezing, but it would be fun. >> We're going to Disney World next year for my daughter's golden birthday. She will be seven. Don't know if we will be staying at Art or elsewhere, but I'm excited. Yeah, for sure. >> You are. Everybody's excited. >> Oh, man. Are those Toros in the atmosphere again? They are. >> Toros. >> Yeah. >> Is there Toro? >> No, >> it's cold. There must be some Toros in the atmosphere. Remember that movie? >> No. >> Oh, okay. >> J doesn't remember any movies. Um, it was called Bring It On. It was a cheerleader movie. >> Uh, okay. >> I said, "Br. It's cold out here. It must be some turos in the atmosphere." Oh, you watched it. >> Oh, okay. >> You watched it with me. >> Oh, so yeah, I probably slept. >> Dale. Dale. Dale. That was Wall-E. Guys, Dale slept through Wall-E. It's a great movie. >> That's a theater. >> No. Oh, okay. Oh, yeah. >> Yes. Bring it on. That's right. Yep. Sergeant is a cup cop cake. >> That wind can stop. >> Don't worry, we'll have an adult beverage or three to keep us warm, David says. Okay, sounds good. >> Some hoties. >> Damn good. Oh, those are delish. >> Hot totties. >> Wasted on Dale. Lol. Love that movie. Right, Kaylee? It was a great movie. Oh, yeah. We're going to Oh, they switched it. Okay. >> All right. >> A little water splash pad. >> Oh, man. That's got to be cool. >> Where? Where? >> Or else it's maybe might not be. It might be one of those uh >> Florida bugs. >> Ah, shoot. >> Palnto. >> Yes. >> Palntos. >> Wait, is that cheese? >> They know it's palmetto. >> There he goes. They're running cheese. Got you. Cut the cheese. >> Yummy. >> Cut the cheese. >> Oh my goodness. >> That is totally different. One time, Dale. I saved a snail's life >> right here at the Art of Animation. >> Oh, I thought you did at our house, too. >> I did, but I did here, too. So, nobody stepped on him. He was He was really little. He was cute. >> That way, you didn't have to get turned into laughing. Pal Mento. I'm like, hang on. Is that cheese? Oh my goodness. Adding it to the list. Oh goodness. Hey DJ Josh, >> let me use the restroom real quick. >> Okay. Some hot toddies, Irish coffee, maybe some spiced rum, and perhaps a flask. Oh my goodness, David. Sounds good. Resort TV1 cross country tour sounds fun. >> Yes, the snail says thank you. Dale's only reference to movies is Jenna asking him if he remembers a movie. She goes on to explain it's true. He remembers no movies. Thanks for joining us tonight everybody. It's been a fun evening. We're going to hop back on the Skyliner, head back over to uh the hub, and then back over to Hollywood because that's where we parked. Hey, Disney Adventures with Craig. How are you Ayla? Hi. You go in all you go all in or you don't bother. I That's true, David. That's true. Definitely prefer a palnto bug over a palmetto. I once saw an armadillo at the All-Star movie resort just walking on the path. No way. I've never seen one close. I have only ever seen an armadillo in my car. All right, don't go anywhere, guys. We got at least two more Skyliner rides to take. Yeah, Wanda, I get it. I I totally get it. Especially when it stops over the water. Yep. Get it. I totally get it. All right. I see you, Dale walking this way. Walk this way. >> I'm doing it. I'm walking. >> Walk this way. >> Oh my goodness. >> I'm like, >> okay. >> That one movie. >> Hey, you remembered the movie? >> I did. >> Well, no, I didn't remember the movie. I remember the actor of the movie. >> It's true. >> Ace Ventura. Maybe. Maybe this is pretty much the only way I'd ever ride the Skyliner via the stream. Oh no, David. >> Wait in your car or from your car. >> Was it inside or were you Wait, what? What are we talking about, Kaylee? I'm confused. >> Yeah, I don't think David's ever ridden them. >> Really? >> What if we say that? >> Um, back to Hollywood cuz that's where we're parked. >> Thank you, >> David. I have I have a plan. >> I know you like adult beverages, so we'll have to do a Skyliner um crawl >> and go and try and Are we >> 299? >> Hilarious. >> Yep. >> Um but you have to ride the Skylliner to do the Skylander crawl. So >> yeah. >> Are you in or out, David? >> Not going to hang out if we don't. >> No peer pressure at all. I've never stayed at any of the Flamingo Crossing hotels, so I don't know. Oh, the armadillo. Yes, that's right. Exactly. I was inside my car every time I've seen the armadillo. Armadillo. It was a girl, I'm sure. Just kidding. Here we go. Off to Hollywood Studios. Welcome aboard the Disney Skyliner at Disney's Pop Century Resort and Disney's Art of Animation Resort. We are on our way to Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort with connecting flights to Disney's Hollywood Studios and Epcot International Gateway. >> Davis says, "I'll do it, but only if you don't judge while I'm on the floor. >> Have a couple drinks. She'll be fine. Just kidding. >> Sit back, relax, and enjoy the flight on Earth. >> Jesse said he'll stick to the Montreal crawl. All right, that's fine, too. >> Just kidding. What's your favorite Skyliner restaurant? H Topelinos is pretty good. I've only been there for breakfast. Um, Bara is good. They have some good food there. Um, the Banana Cabana is good. That's another lounge bar that we passed by. H Sebastian's is good. There's so many good ones. Sunday's your birthday. Well, happy birthday, Tracy. What number card did you get? What What number was this one? 298. >> Yep. >> And we got 299 and 300. Correct. >> Yep. >> All right. There we go. >> Hey, Benjamin. >> In just a few moments, >> we will be arriving at Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort. >> All passengers must disembark transfer at this station. >> We hope you enjoyed your journey and thank you for flying the Disney Skyliner. >> That's true. Yeah. No, you can do the Montreal crawl and do um uh mocktails or or you can do the Montreal crawl and get cupcakes. I mean, there's several things you can do. You don't have to drink. Exactly. 100%. Or just try the different restaurants. The Banana Cabana. It's at the uh Caribbean Beach. Jesse, we got to go. >> Very fun. We walked by it earlier. They have food >> um and drinks, of course. Yeah, it's very chill. Thank you. It all started with a mouse. We are We're rocking and rolling now with that wind. Skyliner crawl would be fun. I've tried a drink at Caribbean and rear. Both were delicious. Nice. Hi, Hannah. Um, go early if you're going to Springs cuz parking will get harder until the doors automatically open the later. >> When exiting the cabin, please supervise children, collect your belongings, and watch your step. >> Thank you for flying with us. >> Yeah, cupcake. Cupcake. I love that. Cupcake. I cannot talk right now. >> Cupcake crawl. I kept trying to say cupcake troll. >> That's it. I'm done. Josh would want to do a cookie crawl. >> Got it. >> Cupcakes and mocktails. You're speaking my language >> for sure, Jesse. 100%. >> Everybody have fun. >> A Hey, Tina. How are you? I haven't seen you in a while. Happy Friday. Thank you so much. I'm glad you've enjoyed the night so far. You are welcome. Oh, you work at MCO. Rich's been ninja watching. Oh, sorry. I was going to run right into that. Uh-huh. Right into that. >> Yep. How old were we first came to Disney? I was four. Dale was 21. >> 22. He came with me for the first time. >> 22. >> Probably 22. Yeah. >> Hi, Kevin. You're welcome. Thank you. What is your fave Epcot country? Mine is probably France or Germany. What about you, Dale? >> Cuz I've actually been to both of those countries, so it's kind of fun >> to visit them. >> Food-wise, I say UK cuz I love the fish and chips. I do love Mexico though. They have good >> and good margaritas and a good ride. >> That was tough for me. I'm not too sure. >> What are you thinking over here? It's starting to hurt. >> I can see it. Smoke's coming out. >> I know. >> They do have cocktails at Banana Cabana. Yes. I do like the Mexican restaurant in Mexico >> cuz their quick service is good too and they have fantastic one that's outdoors >> and guac and guac. >> Really good guac. >> Yeah. >> And America's there too because of their regal eagle. Regal eagles. >> They got some places to get they have the best beer on property in America. >> The Kentucky >> bourbon barrel ale. >> That's it. I was like barrel something. Yep. This is the best. It is very yummy. >> How long did it take Dale to become a Disney fan? He's still really not. >> Still working. >> Still in process. No, he likes it. Just not as much as me. >> He enjoys >> He enjoys it. It's just he's not doesn't have that Disney magic yet, but we're working on it. >> Yeah. >> Huh. Disney golf magic. Yes. Yeah. That's that's the Disney part that I love. >> Okay. So I'm hearing that we'll start at Cava and then have dinner. Yes% passion for animals and the natural world. >> We still got a rope drop. >> We are traveling through one of the many protected wetlands here at Walt Disney World Resort. If you're lucky, you might spot some of the happiest wildlife on Earth. >> Usually the main things I like want to do is go see Festival of the Arts at least one time. He loves the festivals. Yeah. >> Uh New Year's Eve. Uh >> well, there's really nothing going on at Magic Kingdom that I I have to go back to Magic Kingdom. It's just very similar. >> If family or friends come, you'll go. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> He won't go for me, but he'll go for his family. His family and his friends. >> I'll go once a year. No, I go more than that. Uh well, I like to see the the Christmas and stuff. >> Yeah. which I think I only saw once last year. >> Yeah, it's always so busy. That's the hard part. >> Hollywood. I love Hollywood. If I can go play uh >> Toy Story >> favorite. >> Uh yeah. And yeah, the festival's Epcot. Walk around Epcot. >> Yeah, I think Epcot is probably our favorite for just walking and chilling, >> just chilling, being local >> food. It's a lot. >> And I think it is for >> Yeah. A lot of locals. >> Yeah. Beacon Barrel. Yeah, we got to get Dale the Beacon Barrel. >> We will be arriving at Disney's Hollywood Studios. >> Sounds like visit a galactic outpost or play with all of Andy's toys. At Disney's Hollywood Studios, everyone can become the stars of their favorite cinematic stories. >> That's right, Amber. The Skyliner is like uh it's like a really deal. Non-D Disney lovers get off here. >> He like I said, he likes Disney. He's just not as big on it as like >> I don't have to go back or I'm not into the merch. Like if I have a Disney gift card, I don't know what to buy. Maybe I'll just buy a beer. >> He's going to give it to me. >> I'll probably buy something at the the golf store. >> They have the best. >> Before you walk the red carpet, remember to double check your starstudded itinerary using your My Disney movie experience mobile app. >> Kathleen, congrats on 29 months of Resort Hopper Gold. Happy spring, Jenna and Dale, and everyone. Thank you so much, Kathleen. >> Thank you for being a member for 29 months. That is so awesome. Happy spring. >> 29 months. Wow, >> that's true. Tree of the golf. >> It's crazy that you could hear people on the other Skyliner talking. >> Ladies, gentlemen, and members of the academy, >> Jesse, he does need to try the Disney or the pirate drink. Yes, I'm down for the fire. >> I told David that thing was stronger than you think. Right, David? >> Stronger than you think. >> Uh, I don't believe you. >> Oh, you wait. You wait. >> The doors automatically open. When exiting the cabin, please supervise children. Collect your >> drinking it. You're like, "This is yummy." And then you're like, "Oh my word, this is a strong beverage." Hi, Sarah. You have a deal, too. That's funny. Thanks, Linda. Glad you enjoyed it. Edwin says, "Toy story is my favorite." That's true, Tina. Dale is a Disney fan. We're all just mega Disney fans. That's a good point. That is so true. It was a bottomless cup. I'm like, there's still some in here. Oh my goodness. Jesse's like, "You don't have to drink it." I'm like, "Yeah, I did. I paid for it. Well, if you rewatched the stream when Josh and I went to Beacon Barrel and had some extra laughing, you can be the judge. Uhhuh. Uhhuh. Exactly. >> Love that. See, Dale. >> Yes. >> You get ready. It's a good one. >> I'm ready. >> Okay. >> Real unfortunate. >> All righty. We made it back. Thanks again to everybody watching the stream today. It has been so fun. Or tonight, I should say. We really, really appreciate it. We do. We do. >> Bring a little happy, busy magic. >> Yeah. >> The start of your weekend. >> That's right. >> Casey says, "You're like Pam on the Office. The ice melts and then it's a second drink. That's funny. Uh yeah. Well, Josh and I got to go on the Galactic Star Cruiser for the media event. Um we never actually stayed. We were hoping to one time. We just It closed too soon. Oh man, look at the skyline. >> Oh my goodness. Oh my word. Is that real life? >> What? >> The line for the skyline. >> Oh, I thought you went over here. I was like, what? >> Cuz the park just closed. Yeah. >> Yeah. Thanks everybody. So glad you enjoyed >> Glad you enjoyed the uh the stream tonight. Really appreciate you guys being here. >> Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And uh go back and watch our cruise vlogs if you guys haven't seen them. We have uh day one through five out and uh five I just posted on Thursday. So if you missed it, please go watch. fan. A cardboard box was a little happy. A come on, you brought big happy. Thank you. Kathleen says, "Jennand Dale, I've been enjoying your cruise vlogs. Thanks for sharing. Thanks for watching." That's right, Dale. Thanks for bringing me the happy Disney magic on this lovely evening. Tina says, >> "Thank you for joining us." >> ATV says, "It's a fun stream." >> All right. Thanks. Thanks, everybody. Thanks to all of our moppers. You guys are amazing. And we appreciate you guys mopping and uh keeping the stream clean and family friendly for us >> and answering all the questions. >> Mhm. >> Which everybody helps for that. >> Yes. True story. Um Whoops. Come on now. Uh we need less than 50 more subscribers to get to 13,000 on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. So if you guys have not subscribed over to Adventures 142 >> of Jenna and Dale, please go hit that subscribe button. We'd love to get to 13K. Oh, that'd be fantastic. >> That would be amazing. That's our next big milestone. >> Yeah. Could somebody share the link? >> Yeah, share share the link. Go subscribe. Go watch our cruise vlogs. >> Um, all right. So, I am looking for our members. >> We're just using a gimbal and the S22, I think it is. >> Yep. But I'm looking to upgrade because this one doesn't do well in the heat, let me tell you. So, hopefully we'll get to upgrade this year to a new one. I also need a new gimbal. This one's getting wonky, but it's working for now. >> All right, so let's uh thank all of our amazing platinum members of the channel. Um we like to read their names and shout them out every single stream. So we have Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy 1, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, The Amazing Jayla Moxley, Ski Under Dani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan Shay. Thank you so much to all of our platinum members of the channel, all of our members of the channel, all of our uh Patreon members as well. Let's see if we got any more. >> Oh, we got a couple like two or three more. >> Good night, Jesse. >> Awesome. >> This way. >> I was just doing >> What were you doing? >> Just doing a relaxing panorama left to right. >> Well, we just can't point that, >> but that's fine. uh cruise vlogs. Yes, go check them out if you haven't already. >> Thanks everybody and thanks for subscribing over to uh Adventures of General. If you not you've not um >> I can't talk anymore. Watch the videos. >> If you've not subscribed here, please subscribe at Resort TV1 as well. Absolutely. We'd love to have you on both channels. >> Thanks everybody. All right, let's do a selfie. Thanks everybody for watching. We really appreciate it. It's been a fun night. >> A good night. Yes, >> she made me do it. >> Oh, did I? Okay, >> great. >> Not really. >> No. Nope. I wanted to. >> I said you didn't have to. I could find a friend. >> Like, nope. >> Phone a friend. >> Phone a friend. >> Or I could have gone back. >> Nope. I haven't been out in a little while. And it was a good night to hang out. >> Yeah, it was. It was a good night. Wasn't as cold as last night. Oh my goodness. All right, everybody. Thanks again. Uh Josh will not be live tomorrow and I will not be live again till Monday. So, go back and check out some of the vlogs over on Adventures and right here on Resort TV1. I had a spring vlog I put out last Sunday if you missed that. >> Oh, I do have for the golfers that I watch and I do I'm working on the vlog cuz I went to the players last Saturday. So, a little uh you'll get that out here. >> Yeah. Over on Adventures of Jenn and Dale. >> Yes, on Adventures of Jenn and Dale. So, you have to be subscribed and hit the bell button to be alerted. >> That's exactly right. Got to do it. >> He's right. >> Mhm. >> All right, guys. Thanks again and we'll see you soon. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Goodbye. >> Bye-bye. >> Bye-bye. >> It's okay. I'll >> I was I was going to say, let's go find it. >> Bye-bye. >> Bye-bye. >> It's been a while. >> It's fine. I'll teach you. Everyone Hello. All the regular Go ahead. Thank you.
