---
video_id: OVP_6gugZc0
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Magic Kingdom Monorail Resorts - Easter Decorations - Walt Disney World - 3-13-26"
published: 2026-03-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVP_6gugZc0
---
Heat. Heat. Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I am live here at Disney's Polynesian Village Resort and I am enjoying the peaceful waterfall. It's amazing. Thank you for joining us here for Friday Night Live. I'm starting at Polly. There aren't a lot of Easter decorations here, but it's a great place to start. Uh eventually we're going to be heading over to Grand Fidian and Contemporary. But not only that, we are also going to be looking at the Epcot resorts as well. And the cool thing about that is that Jenna is actually over at the Epcot resorts. So, we decided to do a little split stream tonight going back and forth and all that and then we'll be able to show you guys all the Easter eggs hopefully at least the main Magic Kingdom and Epcot Resort. So, that'll be super fun. But anyway, definitely stay tuned for that. So, we'll switch over to Jenna here in just a little bit. And you might be wondering about updates on mom. People are saying prayers for mom. Yep, she's okay, which is awesome. We are super super thankful for that. She uh got to go home today. So, that was awesome. So, she got to go home. She was uh they had her stay a little bit longer than what she had originally anticipated um and what dad and she had both anticipated, but they did another test yesterday morning and then they had her uh rest overnight and just check her in the morning and everything was good. And so, she is home. So, that's good. So, we are super thankful for that and thank you for all the prayers and well wishes. Uh, it turns out that it was just caused by the plaque um from the Alzheimer's and that does cause bleeding on the brain unfortunately. Kind of like the doctor, the neurologist said it's more like a bruise. So, either way, um it is something of course they want to monitor, but it also is something that they um it's something that they uh you know said that they're not concerned about as long as they can monitor it. So, and her arm is working better and everything is awesome. So, we're super excited about that and um I hope that uh you guys will enjoy the stream tonight. So, either way, beautiful, beautiful waterfalls and um yeah, so we'll uh probably head inside here. I wish there was a cure for it. A lot of people Yeah, including us wish there was a cure. And you know, maybe someday. You know, there's a lot of very, very smart people working around the clock to try and figure this out. And I'm hoping that one day that they will. And who knows when, you know, it could be anytime. We just don't know. And of course, the cures, you know, for these things, they take a while because obviously they got to make sure it's safe and effective. Thank you. So, here we are in the poly. So either way, thanks for all the well wishes and stuff and yes, we will continue to pray and hope for a cure and hope that all the people that are, you know, smart and gifted enough to research and find out those types of things that they find what they're looking for and that they they solve it. Oh, Mr. Master actually dementia and Alzheimer's are very similar. I saw Mr. master earlier in uh here in the Pali. I think he's still out front somewhere. So, yeah. But anyway, um no, dementia and Alzheimer's are very similar. In fact, I believe if I'm not mistaken, Alzheimer's is a form of dementia some somehow. But either way, yes, they're just different. Continued prayers from mom. So glad she's okay. Happy Friday Night Live. Thank you. Appreciate that. No, not be sailing on the Disney adventure. That's not something we have in our budget. It's great that so many people can do it. Um they must have a little more um they must have a little more um in the budget for travel than we do. So that's fine. But uh I'm glad for those people that got to go, which is awesome. And we can live vicariously through their videos. Yeah, maybe someday. It does require not, you know, nice thing about going on a cruise here in Florida is that you could just, you know, we can just drive from where we are. We're very lucky. You can just drive to Port Canaveral. It's very easy to get to from here, but um with unfortunately with um you know, Singapore, it's a little harder to get to. My aunt had dementia to all of us, but had no idea what time. Yeah. Hey, Carboard Box. Everything's evening. Great to be with you, Tom and Brian. Hello. Holly's one of my favorite resorts. On my way to the Disney resort now. Would have been there. Oh, thanks, Max. Yeah. Continue prayers for mom. Um, there aren't any Easter decorations that I can see here, but uh there definitely are uh definitely are some at Grand Fian. Contemporary Beach Club, all those places. So, I'm go in the store here for a minute. Jenna's going to Jenna's going to um be at Beach Club. She is at Beach Club. She's going to go live at Beach Club here in a little bit and show you the Beach Club Easter eggs. So, that'll be fun. So, we've had a lot of people requesting those and I thought, well, maybe this week would be a good one to do it. Sing Singapore's just right around the block. If by block you mean world. Yes. Oh my goodness. Hey, Joseph. We looked it up too. It was like 23 and a half or 24 hours of flights from here. There's the Yoda shirt. Hey, Joseph. My grand had Alzheimer's. She lived 297. Still lots of fun years for your mom. Oh, that's good. I hope so. I hope so. >> What's that? >> Oh, no. Thank you. Wow. It sure is. I was talking and wasn't paying attention. I hope I didn't lose anything. It's like I didn't. That is fun. Glad he told me. There we go. All right, I fixed it. All right. >> I had to dump the backpack in the room. >> Okay, >> say hi to Jenna for me. All right, >> I will. All right, have fun tonight. >> You too, Josh. >> See you. Just rewatch your stream. Testing the S26 in low light. Great camera. Loving all the streams. Thank you. Yeah, it's it's a good one for sure. It's a good one. I think at one point they did have Easter decorations in here, but I don't know for sure. >> Let's go upstairs real quick. Our doodle is named Polly after Polynesian. That's awesome. What kind of doodle do you have? Of course, our our dog Tank is a golden doodle. He looks more like a golden now because he uh you know golden retriever now because he uh he got a haircut last weekend. We kept his hair long purposely just because we you know it was so cold for a while. We didn't want him to get cold, but we were able to get him trimmed up real nicely and um we had to trim him pretty short because some of his hair had become matted a little bit underneath that we didn't realize. But he's he's looking real good now. See if I can find a good picture of him. Oh, there we go. >> All right. I don't know what's going on. Sorry. Anyway, here he is one more time. Let's see it. Maybe it really is. Maybe he's just too cute for the stream. Isn't >> that cool? Yep, he got his haircut. That's a 40 lb dog there. He just looks small because he's uh all trimmed up. So, yeah, they got a lot of construction going on here. The whole bottom of the building is under construction. So cute. Thank you. We think so. He's a sweetheart for sure. Thanks everybody. Happy Friday the 13th to you too, Drew. It's funny. I had totally forgotten about that, but it is indeed Friday the 13th. Anytime you have a Friday the 13th in February, you also get one in March, unless it's a leap year. It's like all the rules and then exceptions to the rule. So, I became a Patreon member yesterday. Thank you, Dale. Appreciate that very, very much. Let's go over here real quick and see if we can see if we can see uh Sometimes there's like little uh decorations over here, but there aren't this year. So, >> while we're at >> Yeah, sometimes they're over there, but they're not tonight. He's cute. But can he play piano? I don't think so. >> Yeah. Well, because so any days that are there in February are automatically there in March because February is uh usually 28 days. So then that the structure of days and numbers stays the same from one month to the next unless it's a leap year and then you uh then it does change. So it's one of those fun little mysteries Saturday night. I don't know. Probably will end up at Magic again, but we'll see. I got to see kind of what all is going on. One cool thing tomorrow, tonight and tomorrow, um, is that Happily Ever After is at 9:30, which means that theoretically you could watch Luminous and Happily Ever After on the same night, but it'd be really hard to get from Epcot. You'd only have 15 minutes to get from Epcot to uh, Magic. So, you'd probably miss the beginning. You'd have to almost take the boat if they let you. Sometimes they don't even let you take the boat. So, it's a whole it's a whole thing. But at least it is technically possible. So Hana. >> Yeah, no worries, Drew. I'm full of random facts. Random fun facts. Back in my day, we only had one park. Fly to Epcot. There we go. We just need a helicopter. That's it. And a place to land it. All set. No problem. Helicopter and a place to land. Easy peasy. Okay. I do love those stones up there on the wall. I don't know. Call them like lava stones or something like fits Polynesia very well. Let's go this way. I'll show you kind of the uh the construction and refurbishment going on. That's Walton Lillian. Hope you're having a great day. Thanks, Shaggy. Yeah, we are. I'm glad that mom's home. So, >> and to avoid me having to repeat it a bunch of times, I'll say it a few times, but if people see in the chat other people coming and asking, uh, you guys can help out by repeating what I said, that mom is home, or you can you can rewind back to the beginning where I talked about it, but mom is home and she's doing well They had determined that they just want to kind of keep an eye on things, but it's okay for now. So, yay. I'm glad. And they're going to be resting cuz dad didn't get a lot of rest while they were there. Uh especi And mom didn't need to. Of course, they don't let you sleep a lot of times in the hospital. It's uh they're doing tests and stuff all the time. So, but either way, I'm glad to uh glad to be able to be here and glad to be able to uh not have to worry about mom as much. So, you can see some of the uh like scaffolding and stuff. So, yeah. So, that's the thing. See, they've got the sign there where you could they tell you how to go into the building, which is uh not normal, but you wouldn't be able to see how to get in, you know? It's like it's almost like you see like city constru New York City construction or something. There's a little tunnel. Cast entrance only. So, yeah, it's like you're going through New York like it's like a city street there. How fun. >> Hey, Zig Zagman. How are you? So, yeah, just refurbishments, just probably repainting, refurbishing, re resurfacing stuff like that. I don't know exactly, but same thing in the front. They're they're redoing the road out there and everything else. >> Yeah. So, they're just doing a little >> little spruce up. A >> and one of the other things they've got around here is uh they've cut back all the vegetation. A lot of it looks like it may grow back. Oh, see you see green under there on some of that. So, I think they're thinking a lot of these they may just be able to cut them back and then let them grow um and then replace the ones that don't. Yeah, you can see green in there which is nice. H from Australia. What's your favorite resort on the Montreal circuit? Probably Pines in here, but I like all of them. They're all nice. >> So, yeah. I don't know. Either way. >> So, yeah. So, it looks very bare, like more than normal, but it's just kind of a >> That's cute. >> They got to wait for it all to grow back. So, Anyway, there's also the obligatory uh Jack Frost sign over here. >> I'm actually surprised it's kind of a missed opportunity to, you know, to say Elsa. Elsa got a little too excited. We'll go with that. So, but you can see over here the same thing. >> Yeah, it's a t-shirt day for sure. >> Yeah, this is the sign. >> My son Finch says hi to everyone. Nice. Hello. How are you, Finch? Yeah. So, they've cut all these back the same way. >> Very similar. >> I saw the sign up my eyes. I saw the sign. Of course, we saw ABBA, which is the other the other Swedish band, not not Ace of Bass. Thanks, Tracy. Yeah, we're glad mom's doing well. Some of the bamboo and stuff did okay throughout the time. Hopefully you're not hearing too much wind noise. I didn't put my wind screens on. I don't know. Maybe you're hearing a little bit. I probably should put them on. Oh, listen. Bamboo's creaking. I do have my umbrella because it was raining when I got out of the car. So, I went ahead and brought it with me. But maybe because I brought it, we won't need it. Sometimes how it works. So, all right. Well, I'll probably start heading over to Grand Fian here in a second and we'll see if Jen is ready to uh take you on a tour of all of the um all the decorations there at Beach Club. without windcreens making you feel more alive. I feel alive. >> Hey Tony, >> the other Swedish fan. You mean Roxet? That's a great one. Are they Swedish, too? >> Enjoy ride. You say hello, you fool. I love you. They've got these all cut back here. And there looks like they're starting to come back. So yeah, maybe a lot more things will come back than what you realize. I I saw in our neighborhood a lot of them had the uh um smaller palm trees. I can't think of the name of them now, but um they uh cut them back and they starting they're starting to come back too. Robelini. Robelini palms. Been thinking about you and family all week. Sending on positive vibes. Thanks, Shaggy. Corpox says, "No, no, no. There's only two Swedish fans." That's it. Two, no more. All this the Swedish people beg to differ. No, it's it is funny. Child of the 80s. Yeah, I saw there's a website, by the way, speaking of the 80s. It's called MTV Rewind, basically. And this guy has got all this stuff, all these videos and things from MTV over the years saved on there, which is really, really cool. And you can you can enjoy all of that. So, all right. So, it looks like Jen is ready. So, I'll probably send you guys over to her and you can uh you're going to go to the beach club and uh we will uh we'll uh see over there and then I'll be next time I'm live I'll be at uh at the Grand Fian. So, there you go. You see the Montreal track there. Yeah. So, all right. Send you over to Jenna at the beach club. stream hopping. That's right. I haven't done that for a while, so it'll be fun to do it today. We thought there's a lot of lot of things to cover, so we might as well just do it that way. Yeah, we like to tossing over the the broadcast. So, she'll let you she'll let me know once she's ready and I'll send it over. Sorry, my my talking isn't great today. I'm like forgetting words and stumbling over things. I did sleep okay last night, so maybe I'm just like way behind on sleep. Takes a while. Please keep all hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the stream. That's right. That's right. Faster than a speeding mono. More comfortable than the train. It's stream hopping. That's right. You don't even have to go through security to stream hop. You can just sit on your couch. It works great. No ticket required. No parking pass, no reservations. Hey Deborah, I liked when you switched to your cruise. That was fun. All right, so can we do a split screen live? We can, but that makes it a lot more complicated. Uh it requires us all to have earbuds in and all kinds of other stuff. And I think it's just for now. I think it's easier. um to just switch back and forth and then that way you're not hearing audio from two different streams and people, you know, if we accidentally are like talking at the same time or something like that. So anyway, yes, we can, but it's a lot. So anyway, all right, Jenna's live. We will see you over at Beach Club. Sending you over to Jenna in three, two, and one. Hey everybody, welcome to the beach club. How's it going? Happy Friday. Hey guys. Hey Noel. Hi Sandy. Me Byron. Annette is here. Micro Adventures. Mr. Master Rob Aaron. Hi guys, how is it going? Hey Tim, hey Cardboard Box ATB, welcome to the Epcot Resorts Princess Kristen. Hey Benjamin, Edwin. Nancy or sorry, not Nancy. Sandy, I don't even know what I'm saying. Hi Dave. There could be a Nancy. Hi Matt. Hi Evan. Hi Tony. Hey Brad. >> Hi Joey. >> Mr. Master. I know right. Hi WW Streamfinder. Hey Karen, Catalina, Daryl, and Victoria. Yes, we're so glad mom is doing better. Um, sorry I missed Wednesday's stream, but um yeah, I was uh with mom and dad most of the week, so back and forth from the hospital. So, thanks for understanding everybody. Hey, John. Uh hello, how's it going? Hey Adelaide, how are you? Hi Corey. Hi Meg. Manoa J. Hey guys. Hi, Anthony. Hi, Ally. Georgie is here. All right. Should we go look at some eggs? Before we do, though, let me uh let's just say hi. We'll do a selfie. Hello. So, I have uh Mama Mouse Ivone here with me tonight. Piglet as well. And uh we're going to check out some of the eggs in the resort. So, let's head into the beach club first. They have some amazing eggs. We tried not to look too much, but they're right here, so it was hard not to. It was so hard. Um, but I can't wait to show you guys some of these amazing eggs and then Josh is going to be showing you some at the other resorts. Thank you. No worries. Um, let's look at these first and then those were a little busy. So, here's a couple of the eggs. So, we've got the carriage here. Cinderella's carriage. How pretty is this? So, we've got Gus, Gus, Jack, Jack, and I'm not sure the other one's name. Hey, Stacey, how are you? Hi, Jan. Hi, Annette. Everybody saying hi to you as well. Hi, Vone. >> Hello. I'm sorry. I wasn't gay. >> I mean, >> hello. Hello. >> Gorgeous, right? >> It is. >> And then we've got Lady and the right here. >> Spaghetti. >> A got the spaghetti over here. Oh my goodness. Hi, Edwin. Hi, Benjamin. Marshall and Margie are here. Yeah. Oh my goodness. The Disney Adventure looks so good. And then the dress. Sleeping Beauty. Make it pink, make it blue. I love that. That is gorgeous. Got the the three uh fairy godmothers. >> And then we have >> Oh, it is. I thought it was Moana at first, but no, you're right. Hi, Blair. Thank you so much. We're so glad mom is doing well, too. Thank you. Hi, Joy's World. Just fixed the thumbnail. It was fine on desktop, but wrong on mobile. Yeah, I forgot to I was going to text you, Josh. Hi, Nikki. How's it going? And then here's the other side of this one. We've got the glass slipper and some pumpkins. And then another view of that amazing dress. So, this is the back side of the dress. How pretty is that? And then, of course, we've got Lady in the right here. Adorbs. All right. And there's some more over here. So, we have a Muppet Vision 3D. This is so amazing. They even have the um balloon. I was going to say umbrella and then I was like, that's not right. This is so cool. Cool. They have the Waldorf and Statatler over here with the I hear Muppet Vision 3D is better than getting hit on the head with a 2x4. I won't believe that till I see it. Let's go in. And there's Miss Piggy in the middle. Okay, these are amazing. I love it. They even have the um 3D glasses there on the bottom. Animalist here on the outside. Oh my goodness. They have Rizzo the rat on the back that says, "Hi, hello. Welcome to my park." Okay, this might be my favorite egg. And then we've got the luggage and things that you would see in the, you know, waiting area before you went in the pre-show. Oh my goodness. >> Oh, this is Roger Rabbit right here. Look at this, guys. Roger's on the top. 100 ton weight. And oh, the little shoe. Oh my goodness. Hi, Maria. What do the glasses taste like? Well, I'm not going to try them, but you know. Hi, Kelly. And then inside the egg is Oh, Toontown. Okay, that is cool. Oh my word. I'm not tall enough to see inside of it. So, yeah, >> I can see in your phone, so there you go. >> Okay. Hey, Pixie Dust seniors. Rita, happy Friday, Nikki. I know. I always felt so bad for that shoe, too. >> And then we've got up over here. Got the film strip up there on the side of Roger. And then we've got up Love this one with the balloons. Graped soda. >> This is our adventure book. >> Oh, I love that. I wish these were out further so we could see the back a little bit better. This is where they he wanted to have the house sit. Hey, resort budgeting. And then we've got a a spare tire back here. Acne. That is adorable. And there's a couple more over here. So, we've got um is this Bambi? >> Yes. >> Okay, I will. We've got Bambi Flower. Bambi Flower and another skunk. I'm not sure, but we're going to check out the back. Ivonne said, "Look at Bambi with a little butterfly on his nose." All right, let's go to the back. Thumper. Oh, and his little girlfriend. >> Okay, these need to be a little bit further out so we can see the back. Oh my goodness. Adorable. Hi, Aaron. Thank you, David. She's doing much better. Thank you very much. >> And then we have the Toy Story one. It's got Buzz Lightyear and uh the aliens. Love it. This is really cute. a Lego guy over here. And then over here is uh Woody and B Peep. Hi Amy. Hi Tony. And then in here we have the castle. Castle egg. Wow. Okay, that is cool. Hi Carol. How are you? Happy Friday. The Roger Rabbit one is great, isn't it? I don't know if there's anything on the side. Just the clouds. Do you remember you were looking for the the ornaments? Apparently, they do them here. There you go. >> So, if you want to get an ornament done of you or your pet or you and your pet. I love that. They're right here. Ornaments year round. $35. >> Tunes. >> That is so cute. >> Hi. Amazing. All righty. I do have one done of Chloe. >> 5 to 10. She's a stitch. Oh, 5 to 10 p.m. Okay. 5 to 10 p.m. There you go. Well, I think that's all the eggs in here. We're hoping there's more at the at yach club. We're not sure, but we'll go over in a minute. Let's go check out the shop cuz, you know, we're here. We have to. The >> pens are amazing. >> Yeah, they do have some really cute pens in here. Hi Tracy. Hi Tennessee Bear. Welcome in. Hi Daryl S. Hi Paul. Sorry if I missed saying hello guys. So we are checking out those eggs over there. But we are going to head into the marketplace. They have uh we actually ate in here. They have some good food. Not a big selection, but at least they've got a se, you know, a little selection of food in here. They do have some uh beach club exclusive merch which I love. This new bag, >> Chubby. I love Chewy. It was like squirrel. I was like, what? Um but yeah, this is a Loungefly bag, side bag. It is $80. It's for beaches and cream. There's also ears to match. Show you here in just a second. right here. >> These are Loungefly, but they are amazing. Again, Beaches and Cream. And then we found this ornament earlier from Beaches and Cream. So, if you can see, they're eating the kitchen sink. Mickey's got his spoon. But where's Minnie's? This is why her face is like this. >> It is. You should share. >> Where's my Where is it? Where's my spoon? Hi, Brendan. Hi, Shaggy. How are you? Mickey Travels just proactively found me at Disney. Amazing. Mickey Travels.com, guys, to book your next trip to Disney. There is also a shirt to match. >> I'm watching your stream right now. >> Oh, that's awesome. Hello. Do you want to say hi on the stream? >> Yeah, too. >> Okay. >> Y >> Hello. Thanks for watching. >> Have fun, guys. >> So, they do have a beaches and cream shirt, which is super fun to go with all the things. It is $36.99. Tracy says, "10 more weeks until I'll be staying across the lake at the boardwalk." That is a great resort. I love this mug. >> And then you've got your Turvis. >> What' you call that? >> A Turvis. >> I want this. >> Turvis. >> That's the brand. >> Turvvis. >> All right. All right. All right. >> Sorry. >> A Turvis. What's >> a brand? But we found some new pens today. Look at him. That's an add to cart. He is yellow. Whatever yellow is. Not sure. But we found some of the new pastely ones, which I love. I love all of them. This one. They're all pretty. >> So, Hollywood Studios. No, wait. Hollywood. >> Uh-huh. Magic animals all >> they're all here and you can just get a Walt Disney World as well. >> And I think them all >> same. They're all Well, this one's yellow. Yellow. So, $17.99. >> Yeah. >> Loving the first visit. >> I loved this. >> Yeah, the little suitcase. You open it up. >> Oh, hang on. >> Have an avalanche happening. >> You need two hands. >> Oh, boy. >> Well, this just happened. And you got Mickey with a suitcase, a airplane, and the compass. >> And the compass. That is so cute. Okay. Oh, there it is. >> There it is. No, I didn't even see it. >> Oh, I see it. >> Oh, you see it? You want me to get it? I'll get it. Oh, you got it. Okay. >> Good eye. Good eye. Wait, what is this? Animated cuties. Little tiny little characters. >> Those are cute. >> Those are cute. Okay. Well, there you go, guys. Oh, and then they have the one for beach club. >> I love that. >> Hi, Anna. I really love this. >> Yeah, those new ones. Look at Pluto in the train. I just noticed that. Never skipped leg day. Smiling ear to ear. Adorable. You're at Epcot. That's awesome. Goofy Grandpa. Hope you're having fun. >> Swirl up some magic. >> I know. I love that. And then they're on test track and they're on Haunted Mansion. I mean, and Jim Cricket and Tinkerbell. These pens are on point. >> These really are. >> We don't know how much they are, though. >> I've never seen a Jim Cricket pen. >> Oh, good point. >> So, I get just for that one. >> Just for that. Did you see this new jacket? >> It gives me the 50th vibes. You know, the one we have, >> but I think it's thicker. >> My girl, she's right there in the center. >> She sure is. And Stitch is here. Squishy Star. Baymax. There's so many good characters on here. It This one's a little expensive, though. It is $79.99, but it is a decent thick jacket. Yeah. What is that? Oh, I like it. An ornament, I think. >> Oh, it's Tinker Bell. >> Tinker Bell. Look at that, guys. >> Uh, Montreal Resorts at Easter. >> Wait, what? >> Oh, boy. >> I didn't do it. >> That's why it was there. No touchy, Ivon. No touchy. No time. >> It was already there, wasn't you? >> I know. Good. Good. Good. >> I love all the 2026 stuff. Ain't that cute? >> It's very you. >> It is me. You're right. >> It's very you. >> Let's add some bling to this. >> Uh-huh. A little bit of sparkle. >> Perfect. >> Matching ears. >> Yep. And I love that they don't say 2026 big. It's just on the side. Mhm. Even better. Oh, we got to show them the treat we need. So, I think we're going to have to add to cart this new Easter whoopy pie. So, it's cinnamon sponge cake with maple buttercream filling topped with pastel chocolate and springtime sprinkles. So, how about I buy it? We don't have to eat it quite yet, but we can carry it around. >> It's empty. >> Perfect. So, I'll let you hold the people. I'll buy it. >> Hold the people. Hold the people. >> I'm holding you people. Doesn't it look delicious? You You don't need this. >> It's pretty big. >> I don't want Look at these. Those are great. I think I need these. Everyone needs these. And an egg slicer. You guys ever seen the egg slicer? >> I have one of these, but not nearly this cool. Ice cream scooper. What's this? I haven't seen this. Oh, it's a trivet. That's nice. 1999. >> Cookie acquired. >> Did you get it? Cookie acquired. Look at this timer. >> Isn't that the cutest thing ever? That's adorable. I need this for my classroom. >> Like, that would be so cute. >> Okay. >> 1999. All right. >> I need all the kitchen things. >> I'll swap you. >> All right. You take that and I'll put it in my bag. >> Perfect. >> I have the receipt. We're good to go. >> I know the egg slicer. I've been wanting this for ever cuz I'm a huge pigment fan, >> but I keep telling myself I don't need it. >> Eventually, it's going to be gone. I'm going to be sad. My mom has my grandmother's egg slicer. >> No way. That is awesome. I bet it's not Figment. >> No, it's not. >> No. That's cool, though. All right, guys. Well, let's walk this way. Oh, was there a super chat? Let me check. So, a super chat from Zigg Zagman. Uh, $5 says, "Covering most of the cost of the whippy pie." Thank you so much, Zig Zagman. That's very kind of you. Thank you. Thank Thank you. We really appreciate it. Joy's World said, "Thanks for the excellent super chat." Excellent. All right. Where is the one of everything button? I know, right, Britney? That's cute. Well, let's make our little walk over to the yacht club and we'll see if there's eggs over there. And if it's not busy, they do have a pin board over here. We have pens to trade. >> Mhm. But we do need to go around this section because it looks like it something just happened here. And again, if you missed it, we checked out the eggs earlier. So, all you have to do is rewind. We might need to go around. >> Used to be like >> Yes. Be kind. Rewind. Exactly. If you uh don't know what that is, that's from when you know VHS's were a thing >> back in the day of your see. It's a full pin board. Do you see it? Let's go see. you know, >> I'm going to zoom in. >> All right, guys. Do you see any we need? >> I think I have. >> Is that a popsicle? >> Right. I think I have. >> Do you have it? >> I think it's a set. >> Oh, cute. >> But isn't that one of the >> Yes, I think I have that one, though. But I'd have to look. You're right. It is. There's a Pluto one in the right corner ear. >> That's right. Carver Box says, "Be kind. Rewind is an old stone age saying." That's funny. Um, let me check. Actually, maybe I should give you my pins and then I don't have >> Yeah. Then you don't have to get them out. >> Yeah. >> Yep. I got it. >> Okay. Yeah. >> Do you want to keep them in your backpack? Is that okay? Sure. >> They're not heavy. I have some to trade. All right. You got all the street sign pens. Oh, that's so cool, Amy. I love that. All right. Well, let's journey on. >> Go see what the yach club has. if oh boy. And if you guys didn't know, um you can walk to the yach club this way. We usually do that. We've got uh Kate May over here to the right. Hi Ryan. So we're doing a a back and forth stream. Josh is at the Magic Kingdom Resorts and I am here at the Epcot Resorts. There's another doggy. We have been seeing doggies everywhere today. >> That is beautiful. >> I know. It is a beautiful dog. So pretty. >> But yes, they are everywhere today. >> That's like No, we'll go this way. Yeah, that's like what 12, 11, I don't know. So cute. Hello, Rita. Doggies. Doggies. So guys, uh, if you have not already hit that subscribe button, please hit that subscribe button. Also, bop the like if you haven't already. We would love Hi, how are you? Thank you. Um, we'd love to add you to the Resort Hopper family and bop bop the like button. That helps YouTube know that you're enjoying the stream. >> Also, FYI, the bathrooms by the shop are under reverb. So, you have to use these reverb. Reverb. Got cute little bar back here. Adult area. >> Yeah. And then Ariel's that has not been open for a a really long time. And now we're out by the pool. It is a beautiful night out tonight. It's been cloudy most of the day. So this sun is awesome. It's >> pleasant. >> It really is. Cannot see. >> Ice cream. >> Yeah. To go. >> To go. Got to love that ice cream to go. >> The restaurant is right here if you want to go to uh Beaches and Cream. This is where you get the kitchen sink. They have pins as well. >> There's this orange thing. >> Orange thing. Oh, that does look good. >> Pumba. Um, we do have $8.99 from Oh, no, sorry. 3.99 from Ryan. Lemon character offering offering a gift to baby lemon. A thank you, Ryan. That's very kind of you. Thank you. Thank you, Ryan, for the super chat. Wait, there was an aquarium in Ariel's. I kind of doubt they still have it just cuz I Nobody goes in there anymore. All right. I would be fun if you could get the kitchen sink to go, but you can get a miniature kitchen sink at Magic Kingdom, right? Yeah, it's the plastic kind. Hey, old Mr. Young Dude, are you guys getting wind noise? Cuz if so, I can put the ears on. I didn't put them on yet, but if you are, I will put them on. Oh, this is our first Friday after the time change, >> so it's going to stay lighter later. >> Love that. >> So, did they move fireworks times or they same? >> Well, Epcot's the same. Magic is 9:30. >> Got up this morning at 7:00 a.m. and scored all three ADRs to our favorite restaurants. Oh, that's amazing. Good job, Gail. >> Yeah, there is. Aw, >> you talk about living your best Disney life. >> Seriously though, I love this pool. >> Super clean, filled with water to swim in. >> Uh-huh. Until that duck gets in there. >> You can eat, right? I mean, for the duck. >> Good point. Oh, yeah. All the popcorn and cookies and >> you want >> whatever else. People drop chips. >> No wind noise. Okay. Thanks, guys. 2100 people here tonight. Welcome in. >> Do they have a lazy river here? >> Um, it's not a lazy river, but you can go from this pool to this pool. They're all connected, >> but they do have a whirlpool in one section, which is pretty fun. All right, we're going to go in the store. Thank you. >> We got Yachtsman Steakhouse right here. And I can't believe how big and fast they are. >> And now we're in the yacht club. >> Yeah, the the yachtsmen. >> It's delicious. >> I think these floors are really far. >> Yeah, they are. It's a very very fun Wait, >> what? Josh just text me. Okay, that's funny. He said there's no eggs at the Grand Fian. >> Oh, no. >> They have some at the Contemporary though. >> Okay, >> so I know that. But that's weird, Josh. >> All right. All right. Well, we're going to find out here shortly if they have any here. >> This is a different hotel. >> Yeah, this is the yacht. >> The other was beach club. This is yach club. >> All right. >> Yeah. Have you ever been in this one? >> I don't know. >> Never this round. >> Okay. >> We That's why the smell changed. >> Yes, exactly. >> You're 100% right. Yeah. >> There's a pin board. >> Okay. >> And there's a lot on there. >> Oh, they have the same two that I have. Yeah. An armadillo. >> Where's the crest? >> I don't know. It's fun though. >> Yeah. >> And feet. That must be a thing. >> We saw shoes earlier. >> Some people like feet. >> Thank you. >> Thanks. You, too. Um, I did see eggs in here, so we're in luck. >> Okay, great. >> Oh my word, that one is amazing. That's a globe. >> It's No, wait. Here. It's from the parade. >> Okay. I was like, here. >> That's funny. >> It's from the >> super cool. >> The Magic Kingdom parade. >> Merang on the bottom. >> Oh, it does. Oh my word. That is amazing. >> That one makes me hungry. >> It smells good. >> Kind of want to eat it. >> Like chocolate. We have cocoa over here. I wonder if this one lights up. It's just not >> supposed to light up. >> Yeah, it's just not lit up right now. >> Have it on. You should turn it on. >> Yeah, that would be nice. >> Sorry, guys. I don't know why it's not on right now. >> Oh, wow. You should see that. >> Okay, you can see it a little better, but it'd be better if it was lit up for sure. Oh, wow. Okay, I'm glad you can see the backs of these better than at the beach club. That is really cool. >> Happy Friday, Stacey with an IIE. Hey, Louisa. >> I know, right, Kelly? I cannot believe people make these with Oh, here comes another one. Oh my goodness. >> Oh, I'm not moving. >> How cool is that? >> He was taking a nap. >> Taking a nap. I get it. Sometimes you need one. >> They should ask him what that one's supposed to. >> Oh, yeah. Let's ask. Yeah. They're bringing in one right now, guys. Oh my word, it's Brave. The race I just did, Merida. It lights up, too. >> Okay, that is amazing. >> That's a very scary. >> It was sticky. >> They're professional. Hello from Nebraska. Oh, eggs are on the second floor at Graham's Fidian, somebody said. >> Okay, I'll tell Josh. >> Cheers, Josh. >> Yeah. Okay, this is amazing. I'm not sure. What is this one? Hercules. Oh, Hercules. Oh, fun. Okay. All right. I'm going to move around this way just a bit. >> No, you're fine. Is this one I think this one's lit up on the bottom. >> You made it. Did you make this? >> It's beautiful. >> It is beautiful. Wow. Very talented. >> Thank you. >> She actually made that one. >> I know. That is so cool. And it lights up on the bottom here. Wow. It's Merida with the bears. And that's who we were for our race. How cool is that? >> And it's sparkly. >> It is sparkly. Hi, uh, Carmela, how are you? And then we've got this one. Is this Pirates? >> Pirates of the Caribbean. >> Oh, wow. Oh, there's the Black Pearl. >> Oh my goodness. Okay, that is really cool. >> It's kind of my favorite right now. >> Uh-huh. I don't I still think I like Muppets. But this is really cool. Just cuz I'm a fan. I'm a fan of this, too, though. >> This is so good. Wow. Okay. And we have Robin Hood over here. We got Mickey coins at the bottom. Oh, look. reward for the capture of Robin Hood. That's awesome. Once upon a time, Robin Hood and Little John. And then, oh, this is um Hunchback of Notredam. Oh my goodness. How cool is that? That is awesome. There he is at the top. And then you come down, we got not tame, not the bells and the gargoyles down there is Mela and her goat. That is amazing. All right. Cool, cool, cool. All right, guys. Well, yeah. I wish this one lit up. You can see the people going across the bridge. >> You see the lights in there? >> Yeah. If I zoom in a little bit, you can see a little bit better of what's supposed to be in there. It looks like a city back there. See, look at the phone. >> Oh, isn't that cool? >> Oh, they can see a lot more than we can >> when I zoom in. Yeah. >> So, pretty cool. >> There you go, guys. >> These are all like >> All right. Well, let's take them upstairs before we send you back to Josh. Um, I like to take them up here because this is my office. >> This is where I do my editing. You know, you got to edit somewhere, >> right? You do. And there's my ship wheel in case I feel like driving a ship. It's also fun to look over and wave. A really pretty view of the lobby from up here. And you can actually walk along here. It's very nice. But my office is over here. right here. >> Just bring my laptop. And Just kidding. But how cool would this be if this was my office? >> I know. >> You'd be very important if you had an office right here. I feel like >> there was a phone here, but it's gone. What do they do with the eggs after the season? I actually don't know. I know with the gingerbread they take them somewhere so the bees can get the sugar. >> Oh, really? >> Off of it. >> Nice. >> So then the bees have, you know, food and stuff or whatever. Make honey, make their honey. Um, but I don't know what they do with this. That is a great question. All right. Well, we are going to send you back over to Josh. He is not finding the eggs in Grand Flow, so I don't know. But I'm sure you guys will still walk around and enjoy that resort a little bit. But um and then >> Oh, be careful. >> Don't hurt yourself. And we're going to go out this way and then we're going to send you to Josh and then we'll just hang out here. Look how pretty it is right now. Oh, so pretty. Gorgeous. >> All right, guys. Well, let's send you to Josh. Wait. So, right now we're at the yacht club and we're going to switch you back over to Josh and he's going to be at Grand Fian. Whenever he's ready. >> Oh, thank you, John. He said I have a great office. >> All right. See you when Josh is ready. >> Well, the tree is starting to bloom. That's good. We're going to be getting a a cold snap next week, which is very odd for this time of year here. Hello, Sundial. Like button has been bopped. Awesome. So, we're not switching back yet. I I haven't heard from him, so I don't know what's happening. We'll walk out. >> Probably still to poop us some eggs. >> Yeah, he probably is. Well, we'll just walk out to the water and wait on him whenever he's ready. So, if you saw him on the second floor, who I didn't see who messaged that. Um, when was it or did you see it online or something? >> Happy Friday, guys. We finally got some blue sky. >> Was at Grand Flidian early this week. There are only a couple on the second floor. One in the Big Pine Key Building. Wait, where's that? You mean like a different not in the main lobby in a different lo like in was it in the um >> DVC um building or was it in the main lobby in Grand Flow? I'm sure you'll let Josh know. The gift shop on the second floor of Grand Fian had the eggs also by Basin. Oh, okay. Let me tell Josh. Send that to Josh. >> You went to college. >> Are these the boats for the fireworks? >> Yeah, firework cruise >> for Magic Kingdom. >> Uh, no. No, Epcot. >> Oh, they have one as well. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cuz this won't connect to uh Magic. >> Okay. >> But um the ones for Magic, you either get on them at um Grand Flow or Contemporary. >> Hi, Robert Warner. Have you ever done the Epcot one? >> I have. Well, not with the new fireworks, but with um Illuminations. >> Yeah. >> All right. Josh is alive. So, we're going to switch you over to Josh. He's at Grand Flow. He's going to go find those eggs for you guys and uh then he'll switch you back here in a little bit. So, enjoy some time at the Grand Fian with Josh. We'll see you soon. like people. All right, everybody. Welcome to the Grand Fidian. And apparently, I've been told the eggs are elsewhere. By the way, we're going to have a piano treat later. I think somebody some of you guys know that talented lady. She was playing Westside Story Medley earlier and she sounded amazing. So, we're going to hopefully hang out to listen to her here for a little bit. But normally the eggs are here. So that's why when I got here I was like, "Where are the eggs?" But they are not here. But apparently they're upstairs. So we will head up there and look for them. All right. Probably not, Dan. It'll be just easier to switch back and forth at this point. And then probably we'll both go home after fireworks. So that's the plan for right now. But yeah, probably not at this point. Okay, let's see if we can find them. Yeah, I had I had not found them. So, this is new information. Yeah, we're going to literally going on an egg hunt. I even walked around up here and I didn't see them. But maybe they're just kind of nonchalant. Oh. >> Oh, there's one right there. They're behind the glass apparently. Look at mom. at mom >> outside moal entrance by the DBC building. >> Outside Montreal entrance and main building more by DC building. Okay, cool. a little bit. >> Oh, yeah. That pretzel looks very chocolate. >> Those are nice. I do like them more in the lobby, but that's very good. >> Created by Juan He did a great job. >> All right, so there's one over here, I believe. So, let's go look. It's literally an egg hunt. A move on. I definitely didn't see any of Polly. I wonder why Polly never participates. Maybe they don't have the same type of culinary team. Yeah, we can go in the shop. >> That's a good point. I didn't think about that. >> Well, how fun. >> You kind of see it through there. There's a little bit of a walk. I don't want to get too close to it, but you There you go. Okay, let's go look at the other side of the aerial egg. It's probably Ursula on the other side. It looks like I see the tentacles. >> Excuse me. Sorry. >> Scissors. Oh, there's Watson and Jetson over there. Look at that. >> That's right. Backside of bed. Well, there you go. Look at all the little eyeballs. That's creepy. I love it. Yeah. Okay. So, I don't think there's any more inside of here. You guys are going to have to keep me posted >> on where I need to go. So, okay. So, there's one. I do see one over here. Now, the when you say outside the Montreal, do I have to go through security to see that or is it like right outside security here or is it like on the main floor? There's one right here. I don't think there'd be one over there. No, it' have to be inside. So, right here then, although this is always a great view. Tomorrow at my local library, I'm going to take a class to learn about Disney and Mickey Mouse. Oh, that's fun. How fun. All right, let's go look at this egg over here. So, there's one right here. This is Bambi. >> Yeah, these are great. Hey, Anubis. >> Is that Bambi's mother? I believe so. >> Oh, and the father. Look. Wow. You don't see him very often. >> Wow. The butterfly John one of the big big pine key room building. Wow. Okay, so we'll have to really go on an Easter egg hunt here. Wait, we got to go over here cuz this is a bumper. How fun. All right, let me get out of the way here. Yeah, that's awesome. >> Okay, so there's Bambi. >> All right, so that's the one outside Basin. Are there any more on the second floor? Let's go around here and look. All right, I'm just going to have to look up the article. Somebody said they emailed me an article, so I'm going to have to look for that. Let's see. The eggs might be in the building with the fountain of the penguins. That's a DBC. So, yeah, we can go over there. That works for me. I'll have to switch the uh connection back to what I had before. I was having trouble with that connection earlier. Uh, okay. I didn't get any emails, so I guess that wasn't Whatever you do, don't send it to Facebook Messenger. Oh my goodness. It's like a We have not looked at Facebook Messenger for a long time. I need to just turn off messages there. It's not that I don't want to. It's just I don't have time. So, sorry if you sent me a message on Facebook Messenger. It's not something that I have a lot of time to look at. Okay, fine. I'm going to just look it up on my own. Grandfed in Easter eggs 2026. Five giant chocolate eggs in the main lobby. Second floor nearby villas. Only five giant eggs are on display rather than the usual 20 plus. Okay. Well, I found three. Okay, hold on. >> All right, fine. Okay. So, so then the other one is in the DVC. I can't I don't really want to see what they look like. So, all these Disney blog articles are they have so many ads on these articles. >> Let's go see if we can find the eggs. All right. Where's the other one? That's DVC. They go downstairs. You guys said there's one in the DVC. And where's the other one? Should be five. O tank looks precious. Thanks. That was a little while ago. All right, let's see. Let's go back. Disney's Grand Fidian lobby second level. Let's see. Uh, okay. Mushu, Bambi, Big Pine Key, building nine, and the Villas. Okay, so you guys are right. Big Pine Key and the Villas. Okay, so that's it. So, all right. So, let's go. Okay, it's a literal Easter egg hunt. They're just bigger than you know what they were when we were kids. We didn't hunt for giant chocolate eggs. All right. Well, that being said, let's go find him. Anna Justice, the Grand Fian looks like a pretty resort. I've never been there. Well, thank you. I've heard some good stuff about it. Yes, it's great. Anna found us on our uh 24/7 ride stream that I put out just recently. So, that's pretty fun. There's the wish. I wish to go back on it. All right, let's head out over here. >> Uh I'm probably not going the right way, but that's fine. Let's go this way. Maybe we'll do Big Pine Key first. >> I always get confused about how to go in and out of the uh resort. >> Okay, let's see. Let's try this Big Pine Key. So, the DVC is up here. I'm >> going to put my uh I'll put my stuff back on here, my windscreen cuz it is very windy. Oh, piano man. No, it's uh Carol this time. Piano lady. I think Carol Carol Carol Stein is that who it is? Okay, I think big pine key is over here maybe. This is a Sam. Look for the big pine. This is a Samsung Galaxy S26 Ultra. It's new. We got married on leap day 10 years ago. Wow. So, you've only had like what, two, two and a half wedding anniversaries? How fun. Uh let's see. Here's Sugarloaf. All right, big pine key. It is over here. So, we are here. So, we need to go over. Let's see. Sugarlos in front of us and Big Pine Key is right here, I believe, if I'm reading the map correctly. >> Okay, so let's go over here. >> Is it the Is this the wrong way in the building on the right? Oh, is it this one right here? Is that Is that it? Okay. The problem is the stream is the stream is delayed. So, is it this one or this one? I think it's this one. Reading the map correctly. We're just going to go this way. Okay. The stream is delayed like 30 seconds. So, when you guys are telling me no, I'm seeing it as I'm already going the right way. >> All right. I'm just going to walk and we'll see what happens. If not, we'll get to it eventually. We're heading that direction anyway. We got to go around the pool one way or the other. The fact that it's so delayed. I just was looking at the map. I I didn't know actually at all where it was. I know. I've seen the the I've seen the sign for it before, but I've never really paid attention. Oh, here it is. Right here. Yeah. Yeah, I was right. I can read a map and everything. Okay, cool. All right, let's see what we got here. Should be Oh, I see it. I found it. Yeah, it's an adventure. Not just a live stream, it's an adventure. All right. Hopefully, we don't lag in here. Oh, wow. Hercules. It's so funny. at PSI Monsan on your right, but I was like like 2 minutes ago. You guys might be behind the stream a little bit. Right now it's 7:17. I know. I don't see a pine either. Just in case. Check your stream YouTube. YouTube likes to get people behind. Yeah, it's like 7 7 right now. So, I've been in here for about 2 minutes now or a minute at least. So, the back of this one is not quite as fancy here. >> But this is fun. It's nice. >> The waves and wind. There are clouds. Like clouds, I guess. And this is made by Victoria. Just got in the mail. Three car fresh rooms from Radio Springs sewing over California. You mean or soaring over California one from San Fran Tokyo. Oh, very fun. A little bonus for being a Disneyland annual passholder. That's nice. Very cool. Near the wedding chapel attached to the main building. Okay, thanks. I'll check that out here in just a second. I hear Harlem Noctturn playing. Let's go out the other way just for fun. That's cool. I don't want to get too close. I don't want to mess it up. But that is super cool. Here, I'll zoom on Hercules just so you can see him a little better without me getting the camera closer. How fun. All right, let's go back out this way. It's one of my favorite songs. Oh, you can't really like There's nowhere to go over here. Like it's just water or it's just grass. I didn't realize this like just went out to grass. How funny. I have never been over here before. Look, it's a place in Disney I've never been. This is neat. You're right by this island over here, too. How fun. What a This would be a great I know you wouldn't have a castle view, but this would be a cool place to have a room. Well, I guess we'll walk through the grass. Oh, they don't really Yeah, maybe you're not supposed to go this way. I don't know. How funny. I just figured there would be like a way to get through over here. I guess there's not. Well, okay. It's funny. There's a door that literally goes nowhere. It's just a door for a pretty view. All right. Looks like I can go down over here. Oh, like I can't actually. That's funny. Okay, I'll go back. I'm not going to climb over the wall. That's funny. I guess that's why I've never been over here cuz it doesn't go anywhere. I could climb the wall, but that wouldn't be nice. Yeah, that's the other other DVC. Yep. Right there. I see it. I know where the DVC is, but I'll go through here. I got to That's a That starts opening in a hurry. Well, anyway, watch the door be locked. Well, then I have to go over the wall. I just didn't know that there literally wasn't a path to anywhere from there. No, it didn't lock me out. I just had to pull on it a little bit. Once I pulled on it, it started opening. Okay. It's kind of cool. You can see contemporary between the buildings there. Alligators. Yeah, I know. Been in Florida for a while. I always always watch for alligators. No, >> I just didn't I didn't feel right climbing through the landscaping. >> Like it probably wouldn't have been a big deal, but It's not the >> not always the best choice. >> Tommy, come here. >> All right, let's go over to the um DBC building over here. Flirting Adventures with Josh. I know, right? So, technically, we ended up in the same place, but so funny. That's where I was. Am I going to see the parade tonight? Which one? Starlight. Probably not tonight. The water pageant, maybe. Oh, the sunset's nice. Yeah, they have the alligators under control to some, but nature is nature. It's a little unpredictable. So, they they can I mean, it's a huge area. There's lots of waterways. They can say they have the gators under control, but obviously they don't always. And that's what that lighthouse is about down there. It's a little boy who tragically was uh killed by an alligator several years ago while they were having a movie out there. That's why all these rope fences and everything are here because it's uh definitely even though they do their very best to, you know, control it, there's no such thing as really controlling wildlife. Like you can be proactive, but you can't always control it. That's always a good thing to remember because there's so many places that they could go through the wilderness and get in the waterways >> and nobody would see them because they'd be in the water mostly undetected. So, in fact, you remember on a live stream a couple years ago, Rivers of America, there was a little baby gator in there and I reported it to a cast member and uh uh there was a manager and he said uh they would they would get somebody out here to uh relocate him. So, it's always the goal. A Skyliner. Yeah. This June it will be 10 years since Lane passed away there. 10 years. Wow. >> Yeah. Can't believe it. It's been that long. I I can't imagine having a child of my own. can't imagine what his parents went through, but it's just it's just horrible. But I don't want to bring the stream down, but certainly I'm glad they have the memorial for that young man there. So, it should be over here somewhere. I made a short of it. That's right. I did, didn't I? How's your mom doing? She is okay. She's home now. So, yay. She is home. All right. Let's see. I'm guessing start pulling this will just start opening. No, I guess not. All right. >> Oh, I see it's over here. Right by the penguins. Stephanie are doing great. Steph hasn't been feeling too like the best, but she's she's all right. She's just got a little cold or something. Liam had it earlier this week. There we go. That is nice. >> That's a nice shot with the penguins behind. You write it as automatic caution door. Yeah, I do that too sometimes. That's nice. The flowers are so so cool. Oh, this is made by Meg. So, shout out to me. This is very nice. Let >> me turn the Can't believe I can't believe we still have any signal in here. That's funny. Let me turn on the Wi-Fi real quick. There you go. >> All right, that should fix it. That's really cool. Yeah, >> look at that. Isn't that nice? I think you visited us once when we were there at the three-bedroom villa. Oh, yeah. >> That's cool. Christopher, how you doing? I think I'm connected correctly. I had to kind of disconnect and reconnect and disconnect and reconnect. That's probably my favorite one so far. I like all of them, but that I think is my favorite. so far. If you have trouble with the sound, go ahead and close and reopen the video. That is the solution every time you have sound. Yeah, it's a good picture for sure. Yeah, this is really good. >> The first one that made me go, "Wow." Yeah, for sure. Look at that. Oh, wow. Kyle, I didn't know. I didn't know there was a picture or a tornado in Indiana. Hope he's okay. Okay, well, there you go. Oh, I think the piano should be starting now, so let's head over there. I've been watching for years now. Absolutely wonderful, clean entertainment. Thanks, If you guys um can you guys post in the chat? People always forget when there's no sound to refresh and just close the video and reopen. That is the solution every time, but I can't tell them that because they have no sound. Anytime there's any lag or something, some messages with the sound and posting about it in the chat generally isn't helpful because um like it won't it won't it won't fix your sound. What fixes your sound is closing and reopening the video. >> Yep, that's right, BDF. The best thing to do is close the video and open again. Close and open again. Let me post it in the chat. I don't think we have any moppers in there. If you have no sound, I'mma please close the video and reopen. Period. This is the same fix every time. >> Remember the thing that's how he like down. >> Your grandfather your grandfather is very very funny. >> Grandfather was sleeping. You have scan disc, refrag, and reboot. >> Yep. Every time that happens, every time you have a sound problem, you close the video and open again. Now, on the rare occasion that I accidentally mute it, then you uh then if you see if you see, you know, 50 people post in the chat there's no sound, then yeah, that that probably is on me. and he was >> moppers just wearing cloaks of invisibility. Nice. I just didn't see them. Didn't see you guys. Just trying to make sure everybody knew to close and reopen the video. We preach it. We preach the closing and the reopening. Let's go see if we can hear some piano. >> I never lost out. Maybe I'm superior. Yeah, I didn't mute myself this time, Micah, but it has happened before. All right, let's see if Carol's playing again. I mean, great piano playing here, but that's uh through the soundtrack. Unless they pipe it out here, which would be so cool, but I don't think that's the case. Oh, she is playing. And it is different. Okay, let's go here a little bit. Let me tell Jenna what's going on real quick. Don't go anywhere. We'll be back with Jenna. Okay, I'm going to listen to piano for a bit and then I will send it to you. >> So, we'll sing to Jenna after a little piano. Let's see. She's here. She's Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. She's so good. So good. >> She has so much fun with it. >> 200K. >> Yes, that is true. Actually, a friend of mine is the one that tunes it, believe it or not. >> I wanted to look inside to see what's in it for 200k. Yeah, it's the same thing you'll see like at a symphony hall or something. Yeah, >> you missed. She played. >> Oh my gosh. What was that? >> Just like >> I was looking at the deed. Oh my goodness. say she's like she's like I haven't played that in years since I was >> and I missed it by like like 5 minutes so >> Oh my gosh. I walked in and she was playing part of your world right after that. >> Wow. >> Yeah, for sure. I would have been the same way. How fun. What's your name? Yeah, great job. >> Thank you. >> I'm like, is that >> Now I'm like bummed. I didn't hear it. No, that's that's super awesome though. >> So nice. >> I'll definitely ask. >> I haven't seen awesome. >> Usually it's West. >> Awesome. >> Nice to see you. >> We missed it. Sounds so good from over here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. That's not there now. So good. Awesome. Let's listen to a couple more. You guys seem to be enjoying it. So good. I'm sad that I missed Illuminations. My gosh. Part of We Go On. How fun would that have been? So cute. Oh my goodness. I heard that I just missed we go on, so I'm sad about that, but I'll have to come back next time. That is so cool. >> That's what the gentleman just came up and was telling me. It's so cool. Right. Well, you sound fantastic. >> What would I like to hear? How about stay on the fireworks theme? Let's do a little happily ever after. Is that okay? or um >> or the other one. Yeah. Or wishes maybe. >> Fantasmic. >> Oh, let's hear Fantasmic. That's good. I like that. Okay. It's really sweet. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Very fun. Woo. That's a such a great song. >> Wow. Thank you. Very fun. >> Very good. >> So good. >> So, is your music seat listening and I can hear it changes pages? Oh, that's cool. Okay. How did that happen? All right, here we go. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Amazing. Yay. Love that song. So good. Awesome. Awesome. Thank you, I was lucky enough to hear Jordan Fischer and Angie Kay sing that live at a concert in December. >> That was a bucket list moment for sure. >> Well, I teach music and I really enjoy what you're doing. >> So, you teach >> I I Here, let me mute it for a sec. from illuminations. That would be the best. >> Yeah, that's incredible. One other one somebody mentioned in the chat here was Spectro Magic. That's a that's a really cool Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my goodness. That's how I feel. Toto. >> Toto. >> Coco. >> Oh, Coco. >> Oh my goodness. That was amazing. >> At the last night of illumination. >> Gosh, >> I was there too. >> Yeah, that was amazing. >> Just on the Disney treasure and they have a room. >> Yes. Oh my goodness. Yeah. >> Oh gosh. What is it? We met. >> That's a good one. Yeah. >> It's nice to meet you. >> Nice to meet you as well. >> Thank you. >> That's so fun. Ah, >> thanks for Spectro. That takes me back a few years. Okay. We'll listen to our last song here. >> Yeah, that's such a great song, guys. Oh my goodness. Hi, how are you? >> Just want to say how much I love you and your stream. It's been absolutely wonderful to listen to all the time. >> So, I've been following for years. You watched it a couple of times. I know you didn't recognize. That's okay. >> No, it's not that. But I love what you had in the family. >> Thank you. >> Yeah, I know. Just >> Thank you. No, they're they're home now. >> Good. >> So, all is well for now. So, fingers crossed and prayers and all that. So, >> yeah. So, they're all they're in my thoughts all the time. >> So, I really appreciate it. >> Oh, I appreciate that. What's your name? >> Sam. >> Nice to meet you, Sam. >> So, pleasure to see you. Take care. >> Yeah, you too. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Woo! Heat! Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Woo! Oh, what an ending. I love it. Thank you so much. That was amazing. Have a great evening. >> Wow. So fun. Oh my goodness. H my heart is happy now. She's just so good. I love that the passion that she plays with. Like it's just so obvious. Like to anybody that's watching, you can just feel the the passion and the the energy and the emotion. It's it's the best. Wow. And Spectro Magic was a parade um right after Main Street Electrical Parade and then right before Main Street Electrical Parade. So yeah, Spectro Magic, look it up. It's worth it. Mike 88YC. Hey Josh, I know there's no cast tipping, but thank you so much uh to Miss Carol. You do awesome things. Also, thank you to mom. Thank you so much. Appreciate that, Mike. Yeah. No, they don't allow tipping for sure, but she deserves a cast compliment. Good luck. All right. Yes, the shoes. Sparkly shoes are great. I don't even tune in to the resort lives, but I'm so glad I did. Thanks for sharing Carol with us. Absolutely. And thanks for like almost everybody stayed with us. So that was so so fun. Thank you so much, guys, for staying with us. Like I know and I understand why people like to walk around more because you get, you know, you obviously feel more free, but like I think that was worth the watch for sure. So I'm going to send you over to Jenna. Uh but thank you so much for uh for joining us tonight. Um and I I'll be back. I'm going to be at Contemporary in a little bit. I'm going to grab a cookie and then I'm going to grab a Montreal and then we're going to go to the Contemporary. So hopefully uh Jenna's got her phone and she will she will uh be ready here in a second. >> Yep. I just did the super chat. Hopefully you'll hear it now. Uh Brenda Bren Brenda Catronio $9.99. Thank you Josh. That was amazing. Carol is awesome. Also thinking of your mom. Thank you so much. That is so so nice from Brenda. Thank you Brenda for that $9.99 super chat. Thanks for thinking of mom too. Yeah, get some cast compliments to her. I hope she gets flooded from the oper. You can do it from your um you can do it from your phone. And also there's there are eggs. Just rewind the stream. I did show some of them earlier. In fact, I'll go back and show them right before add Spectro Magic Ram from 91 to 2010. Yeah. Uh with a small break. That's right. Okay. Oh, that's all right. I show Go rewind if you want to see the eggs. I did show them. All right, Jenna's live. I'll see you in just a bit. So, you're heading over to um not sure boardwalk, maybe. All right. We'll see you in just a bit. Sending you to Jenna in three, two, and one. Hey everybody, welcome to the boardwalk. To the boardwalk. Boardwalk. How's it going? Heard you guys got to hear some great music, including uh Spectro Magic. I'm sad I missed it, but welcome in everybody to the boardwalk. Um, we are going to head into the shop for just a minute and then go into the lobby. I don't think there's eggs here, but if there is, we're going to go see. And then, uh, we're going to make our way back to Epcot here in just a little bit cuz we have to get back in before they close at 900 p.m. Got to love science, right? Science. science. Let's go in the shop and then we'll go up to the lobby. We have not been in the shop yet. That's so cute. They're on a roller coaster. >> I got this. >> Look. Thank you. >> I use the force. >> I use the force. They have some cute treats in here. Oh my goodness. >> I was just saying it was hilarious. >> Yeah, you did. The butter bar. >> Caramel strawberry butter bar. Look at the cute little bunny ones. >> Yum, yum. They all look amazing. >> So cute. What is Oh, a s'mores with pistachio. Okay, that looks yummy. >> One of each. >> You have special treats to eat. I love that. >> These are Kelly's favorite this brand. >> Oh, entertainment. >> Yeah, but he likes the cake. >> Really? >> Okay. >> He's boring. Even better than like >> like a like a Dunkin Donut or a >> Yes. Or Dunk >> Everglaze or like >> he's broken >> now. He's never had the the ones from back where we used to live. >> Cinnamon caramel. They're amazing. He might change his his mind if he he knew that. >> All right, we have some Boardwalk merch here. Got to love the ears. And the backpack is so cute. >> It is so cute. And it matches all the things. Oh, here's your pen. Remember you were asking if they had one for each resort? >> Uh-huh. >> Follow me to the boardwalk. >> Hi, Leaf. How are you? >> Resort pen collection. I like that. In every resort. >> Every resort. And you know what they're doing again? >> Postcards. >> Oh my gosh. Isn't >> that pretty? It almost looks like it could be a cup sleeve. these. It does. >> Yeah. >> And then Oh, I thought this was a pack of them, but no, that's an autograph book. >> So pretty. Oh, that's cute. I love it. >> Um, I do not have any vlogs this weekend. I was really busy this week with helping with mom and everything at the hospital. So, no vlogs this weekend. Sorry, guys. Um, but we did put out a new one on Adventures of Jenna and Dale um, the other day. Oh my goodness, he's adorable. Day four of our cruise vlog. So, definitely check it out if you missed it. I love Minnie. Oh my goodness. So cute. How much are they? >> $29.99. >> Okay. $29.99. So cute. >> Love it. Love it. I love this, too. Plastic stitchy. >> There's a mini bus and a Mickey bus. >> Oh, does your dad have those? >> No, he doesn't. >> Oh, he needs those. >> I know he does for his train track. These are fun. I've never seen this one before. Like actually out in the park. >> Okay. My problem is if I bought one, then you need them all. I have one. I did buy just one. >> So do this. Classic Mickey onesies. >> I know. 17.99. >> You need these, but they don't have them in your size. >> These are really cute. >> I need those. >> I have this and I love it. >> Me, too. Wait, what's that? >> Art of coloring. No, the that is cool. I had one of those like when I was >> What is this? >> Do we need this? >> We might. >> 100 images to inspire creativity. >> Oh. Oh, all right. >> The map. >> That is the map. >> That's cool. >> But is that >> Disneyland? >> Disneyland or Disney World. >> See the castle? >> Yeah. >> All right. What's the next place? >> Oh, yeah. Because Yeah. >> Teacups are outside. >> That's really where the teacups are. >> Rainbow Caverns. So, this is the old school Disneyland. >> Finley said she wants to go shopping with you and Mama Mouse when she's big and tall. >> Yes, please, Miss Finley. That's so cute. Finley has a countdown >> for her Disney trip now. >> I love it. >> It is um a paper chain. >> A good job. >> And she has a new big girl bedroom. >> It's so cool. Oh, >> what? >> That's so cool. >> That's so awesome. >> Look at Mickey. >> Okay, this is fun. You like the Skyliner one? That is cool, isn't it? >> Is that Oh, that's pretty. All right, that is cool. All right. How much are these? >> Sorry, I was going too ind depth into >> there is a lot to this coloring book. There really is a lot. >> I know. Look at that one. >> Look at that. >> Okay, that's super fun. >> All right, we got to know how much. >> Oh, $16. >> That's not bad. $15.99. >> I would pay that. >> Me, too. Hey, Ginger. How are you? >> I would. >> Mike 88 NYC $5 buses for dad. Aw, thank you, Mike. That is so sweet. Very, very kind. Thank you for the super chat. >> Oh, show us the cover. That was the cover. Right. Right here. 100 years of wonder. >> All right. Yeah, he needs it in his train village. I agree. We'll wait and make sure he doesn't have them. I don't think he does, but I want to make sure. Yes, >> there's a I know. And a Montreal. Oh my word. The Montreal and the Jungle Cruise. >> The Jungle Cruise. >> Wait, what is that? Just like just Mickey. >> Mickey. There was a Stitch one, too. I saw one time. The Montreal though might be my favorite. And it's wearing a hat. >> Yeah, it is. >> An ear hat. >> That's cute. >> Anxious artist says, "Oof, those coloring books are overwhelming." Beautiful, but over Well, when they have a lot like that, I agree. But it they're fun to look through. >> Very fun. Love this little kiddo uh Easter shirt. That is very very cute. >> For me, guys. Easter eggs. >> I know. Isn't that fun? >> Oh, cute. >> I love it. >> The more you know. >> There's Ivonne's ears. >> Hey, I have those. >> Yes, you do. >> Right this minute. >> You sure do. And they're gorgeous. >> Look at those Cinderella ears. Yeah, those are new. Aren't those pretty? The glass slippers in the middle. But then I need a blue dress to wear with it. >> If you give mama ears, >> she needs a dress. >> I do love this bag. It's a like a side bag. >> And if she has a dress, she has to have a lounge bag. >> A backpack. Lucky you shall be. Oh, >> that's cute. Isn't >> that fun? >> That's so fun. What's this life on? >> Oh, it's the Marty girl one. Life of the Marty. Oh, that's cute. >> So cute. >> Too bad. I mean I mean >> but never mind. >> I know you wear it to Universal. But yeah, I get it. >> It's fine. >> It's fine. >> Oh, this is where I saw my ring. >> Yeah, you did. Oh, I love this whole collection. Do you have those? >> No. >> Those are so you. Why don't you have them? >> Gorgeous. >> Add to cart. Hi, Candace Orlando. Hi, Wendy. How are you? >> Wow. >> Mhm. You need those. >> They would go with your gold dress. Like >> perfectly. >> They >> They're the same color. Like literally the same color. >> Yes. >> At cart. >> Shut up. >> But then you need this. >> You're naughty. >> I know. I'm a friend. FR. >> You see what's happening right now? Your money is being spent. >> Not by me. I >> see a pin board. Sorry, guys. I didn't see any I needed. >> They do. >> Let's get him in trouble even more. >> They do have um charms for each resort. Did you know that? That would be fun. This glows in the dark. That's so pretty. >> I don't have a pair of Mickey earrings. You know, >> Colleen, >> do you think he's watching? >> Poor poor mom. >> Tim says, "Oh boy, did I come at a bad time?" >> Tim's credit card. >> You did come at a bad time. Just kidding. It was a good time. >> More shiny. >> More shiny. That's pretty. >> Oh, I love those earrings. >> Mhm. Those are pretty. >> And I love that necklace in the back. That's Oh, did you see the paw print? >> Yes. >> The Mickey Mouse paw print. That's so cute. my house right next to it. >> Yes. >> One of each. All right. Well, let's head into the resort cuz we got to get back over. No, you're fine. We got to get back to Epcot before it closes. >> Well, we need a ride, Tim. >> Yeah. Or you're going to Tim, you're going to have to come all the way to Florida. Pick us up. >> We need a ride. >> And then you you can stay if you like. >> If you'd like. >> Mama Mouse and I had the same expression when I saw those ears right before I bought them. >> Right before I bought them. I mean I own they are kind of a need for you. They >> they match my dress >> like literally perfectly. >> Hi Kevin. >> The dilemas. >> That is not a dilemma. That is a add to cart immediately. >> No dilemma. No dilemma if it matches an outfit. All right, let's go right >> to the right. to the right. >> Mama Mouse is such a shopping enabler. >> F R I E N D. >> Joey's world said >> she knows. >> She knows. >> She knows. >> She gets it. >> She knows me. >> I miss her. I haven't seen her in a hot minute. >> I know. We haven't seen her in a hot minute either. >> Yeah, they're all saying you have to get them. Tell Kelly. >> Well, my watch just buzzed. And I was like, >> it's a thumbs up. It's a sign. >> Oh, I love it. See? >> Okay. >> Add to cart. >> Hey, Octavia. How are you today? >> Well, I may have to find someone that I know to make me another ear wrap because um >> Are you out of room? >> Oh, no. >> It's terrible. >> No, it's not terribles. It's a good thing. Um guys, let me know in the chat if Josh has done any um sponsors or which ones I need to do. >> I guess that would be kind of a >> I know we're not together so I'm not really sure what ones he's done. Usually we're together so we know rocking chairs up here. >> A very nice very nice. Oh, thank you. >> Thank you so much. Um, okay. Welcome in to the boardwalk. I'm not seeing eggs, so I'm guessing they don't have any here. But see, >> it is a fun resort to still come in and at least see the lobby before we head back out. >> You We got to check on the scary chairs. You know that, right? Hi. How are you? Good. You're heading back soon, right? Yeah. Oh, yeah. smile. >> A thank you. >> Sounds good. Safe travels. Bye. >> Oh, >> have you seen these before? >> Well, the definition was very accurate. >> Scary chairs. They call them nanny chairs. Is that like timeout chair back in the day? >> Maybe. >> Like I I get timeout vibes. >> Uh-huh. >> I could see that. >> Like I don't even want to sit on that. >> No, I wouldn't. It might follow me home. >> Mhm. >> Look like like just just look. Would you look at it? So scary. He hasn't done any sponsors yet. Okay. Thanks, Joey's World. Behind the scary chairs is their names. What? Oh, yeah. This is Paul. This is Paul. Who's that? >> I thought it said Kelly and I was going to crack up. >> Wait, what's it say? >> Kylie. >> Kylie. Paul and Kylie. >> Paul and Kylie. So, this is Kylie. And that's Paul. Wait. Paula. No. Paul. It's Paul. What? >> Okay. >> Like I don't know. Like I want to sit down, but I can't. >> No. No. No. Don't do it. >> Happy Friday, Daniel. >> Sit down. >> They will follow you home. >> Then never mind. All right, everybody. Well, as we're walking this way and as we're in a DVC resort, I'm going to go out of order here, but go check out David's Vacation Club rentals at dvcrequest.com/tv. If you would like to stay at a Disney deluxe villa like this one for a fraction of the cost, again, go check out David's Vacation Club rentals. dvcrequest.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. What What ship is this and why do we need to go on it now? The dream. This is You know, we've only done the wish class. >> Mhm. This is the one before the wish class. So, I think we need to go on it for science. >> So, it's smaller. >> It's smaller. Yeah. >> Not a lot smaller, but it is smaller. >> Are those the only pools? >> I think so. No. three maybe. >> Okay. >> I'm not sure, but again, we need to go on it for science. >> I mean, I'm all about science. >> This was your DVC resort. A That's so cool. >> Never mind. >> What? >> I thought that was an extension of the >> I mean, this goes on. It's >> fine. >> We'll go this way just to make sure there's no eggs, but I don't think there is. Is Ivone doing anything for spring break? Um, >> not really. >> Hanging out with me? She's hanging around, you know. Vacation capital of the world. It's a tiny bar. >> Yeah, this does have a tiny bar. All right, let's head back out. We're going to make our way over towards Epcot. Epcotians. So, we we might want to take a little stop in the bakery just to see if they have anything in there. By the way, while while Josh had the stream, Ivonne and I tried that egg cookie thing and it was not our favorite. It was more cakey than um cookie. So, it kind of tasted like a cupcake, which wasn't bad. We were just ready for a cookie. >> It just wasn't what we were ready for. So, >> I would recommend a fork. >> Yes. It was very sticky. >> Yeah, it's very sticky. Hello, Lee. >> I plan to travel soon. Do you have any suggestions on a travel agent? Oh my goodness. Resort budgeting. I got one for you. >> I love this. >> Great segue. >> Great segue. So, go check out mickeyras.com. If you guys would like to book a trip right here to Walt Disney World, they will help you book your trip. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself. They help you plan for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, book it with mickeyras.com. Also, go to mickeyblog.com for all of the latest Disney news. Looks like something just ended. I know. The best dessert ever. You had the dessert there, right? >> Yes, I got it the same. >> Good. Yeah, we got to we got to come back. >> Mid ad, I think. >> Mid what? >> Did you finish your ad? >> Yeah. No, I didn't. I got it. >> Thought you said mid. I thought you said midapp. I was like, what? >> No, I got it. It's all good. MickeyRvelas.com. >> And mickeyblog.com. Let's go look at the menu over here. >> So, you just got the regular corn dog, right? >> Yes. >> Okay. Cuz they have >> the pickle dog. >> They have a golden dragon. Giant mozzarella. I want that, too. >> But the deep fried Hawaiian rolls. >> So good. >> Yeah, we got to come back here. >> Hi, Kimmy. How are you? Hi, Debbie. >> Don't wish. >> Just looked up the purpose of the nanny chairs and they were from the 1900s. >> I see. I see. >> So, is that I mean, they were I think for kids basically for timeout, I guess. Probably. I would assume they had to sit in them. Yeah, they did. Yeah. >> Hi. How are you? Hi. >> We're good to see you. >> I know, right? Do you want to say hi on the stream? >> Sure. >> All right. I'm not sure I actually got your name. What was your name? >> You never did. I'm Mike. >> We're from Northern Detroit. >> Awesome. >> Michigan, where it's nice and cold >> and windy. >> Very windy. And it's a little chilly tonight here. >> Not like Michigan, but >> Not like Michigan. We can tolerate this. >> Okay. Good, good, good, good. That's awesome. Yeah, we were chatting with them at a boardwalk earlier. So, good to meet you. But did your family stay back? >> Yeah, >> I don't blame them. >> The dog is set up on her bed and >> she was done. A >> I don't blame her. A >> That's awesome. So sweet. >> Well, um he was going to treat us to a dessert. Is that okay? And you do not have to. But that is very sweet. >> I'm doing it for all the listeners and viewers. >> A thank you for the small part. >> That is so kind. Thank you very much. Oh my goodness. Um, did you want to look in there or did you see something? >> I'm >> I kind of liked some of those treats back there. Is that all right in the store? >> Okay, let's go to the store. Thanks. >> Oh my goodness. So, so sweet. >> All right, we'll go back this way. >> We still have time. I think we'll be okay. We just have to get an Epcot before 9:00. So, we'll be all >> very >> This is true. This is true. Looks like they're going to put on another show over here. Oh no, they just ended. I'm sorry. >> Different. >> This one different people. >> Yeah, it is different people. >> I know. So sweet. Right. >> Bike coming. >> The people. >> It is a busy boardwalk tonight. >> So much is happening. >> So much is happening. >> Still not that busy. >> Yeah. I bet Epcot's crazy. We're gonna find out because we're going back here in a little bit. Yeah, we got about 40 minutes, a little less. That's right. A, that's so sweet, Colleen. The street walkers really make the boardwalk. Yeah, all the street performers so fun. Got to love it. All right, we're gonna go back in the screen door because I think we saw something that we might like. Good thing you don't need a reservation to get to Epcot. That is so true. Good point. Not tonight. All right, guys. So, we are heading back in here. Oh, there's that doggy. That doggy from earlier with the long hair. Yes, that is the job. Goodness. So pretty. >> So pretty. What kind is that dog? Do you know? Do you know what kind it is? >> Yeah, I know. Yeah, I don't know either. Do you guys know in the chat? He's really He or she is very cute. Oh, that's interesting, Debbie. Okay. >> So many people are coming around with these. >> Oh. Oh, I bet they won at the one of the >> at the whacka wacka thing. What's it called? >> Wacka lobster. >> Wacka lobster. Such a fun. >> There's a game over there. >> Yes, we did. >> They are so fun. You really have to hit them hard though. earlier. >> Wait, what time? It was >> Hi. Um, let's see. >> And finally, what? I'm so sorry, y'all. >> No, you're okay. >> All right. So, what was the last one, if I may ask? >> It was Did you get this one? >> Yep. I got the jumbo chocolate and the >> Do you know what you want? >> Okay. >> I think I want the peanut butter chocolate. >> Okay, my friend. >> All right. Did you imagine? >> Oh, thank you. >> I just want chocolate chip peanut butter cookie. >> One peanut butter cookie butter bar. >> No, not the strawberry. >> Chocolate chip. >> That's so sweet. Yeah. >> Chocolate chip. Good choice. You know, you guys all the favorites. >> Oh, I love that. >> Chocolate chip, right? You just want the regular size, right? So one chocolate >> and all the lollipops. >> This was the best thing ever. >> I know. The best ever. >> Do you know how many suckers that I had like three looks on and threw away? Now you can keep them until they mold. >> Maybe not until they mold, but you can keep them for a while. >> Keep them for a while. Oh, that's funny. >> I'm terrible. >> I'm going to Disney joke. >> Okay, we're ready. >> I love this. >> Why did Mickey Mouse get hit with a snowball? >> Why did Mickey Mouse get hit with a snowball? >> Why? >> Because Donald ducked. >> Donald ducked. That was good. I was not ready for that. >> Definitely a dad joke. I love it. >> I love it. Hello, Jennifer. How are you? An Afghan hound. That is right, Meredith. Oh my goodness. Okay, now that you say it, I know exactly what you're talking about. Okay, that is cool. Yes, you do, Britney, 100%. His name is Mike. >> Hi, Disney mom. Wait, there's a singing Chihuahua. I missed it. So, so nice of him. Yes. >> Oh, the Mickey one. That is a good one, too. Hi, Pickles. Um, you know, it's not bad out tonight. It's um just a little chill in the air, but not bad at all. It's not hot. It's not cold. It's kind of It's kind of perfect. You're perfect. Thank you so much. That is so sweet of you. >> Yeah. Yeah. Well, no, not yet. Sorry. No, no, not yet. Um, we're going to walk them to Epcot and then send them back. though. >> Yeah. >> All right, let's go. Yeah. >> You don't mind me walking? >> Not at all. No, please. Thank you so much. >> That is very kind. >> I got a peanut butter chocolate chip and I own You got the butter bar. >> Those are good. Yeah, >> they used to be my absolute have to have every time we go to Epcot and watch fireworks trees >> in Germany. Yeah, they they have them in Germany. Uh Jennifer Price, uh let's see. Congrats on 21 months of Resort Hopper Bronze. So happy to be here with everyone tonight. Happy Friday and thank you for a great stream. Thank you, Jennifer, for being a member for 21 months. We really appreciate that. >> Yes, for sure. It's a good old screen door. Exactly. Oh, yes. Where the crazy bananas happen. That's right. Mike, how are you tonight? Welcome in. I think you've been here all night. Sorry. It's been a busy night, but I'm so glad you're here. mail mail you a cookie. Okay. Very very kind, 100%. >> So guys, we are going to walk this way towards Epcot and then we're going to pass you back to Josh um so we can get into Epcot. Um and then maybe we'll take you back for a little bit and then he's going to take you back. Don't worry, you're going to see Happily Ever After tonight at 9:30 p.m. So you don't want to miss it. You notice how slow we're going? >> The weather will be nice. Don't worry. >> Yeah. >> So, it is my goal to come back and get one of these corn dogs here soon. I know dad wants one, so maybe he'll he'll come and we can get mom something else. She doesn't like corn dogs, but she would like those Hawaiian rolls. That's for sure. Those are delicious. >> I know for sure, Mike. So nice. I've never eaten here for dinner. I've only been here for breakfast and it was awesome. We got to meet the princesses. >> Oh, the cake bake. Um, we'll see. We'll see. Uh, it's Sometimes there's a line there, so we'll we'll walk by and see. There's pizza to go. There's so many places to eat here, which is nice. Got your margaritas to go over here. pretzels and different things and stuff. Boardwalk deli. They do have some treats in here as well. Sandwiches and things. They have breakfast food in here. And then they have ice cream. There is no um dairyfree though, unless you want sorbet. I think they do have that. You have yet to get a corn dog. Well, Tim, next time you're here, we're going to have to get one. I haven't gotten one either. Oh, yeah. No, sorry, guys. This is the line. Holy moly. >> That's just for the bakery. >> And this one, this is a bakery as well. >> Do you see that? The line is out the door. >> Yeah, me too. >> Cuz that's >> Holy moly. I've never seen it this long. >> And then there's a queue that you go through. So, >> inside. Somebody asked if we could just walk in and show them, and I'm like, I don't think so tonight. Sorry. Wow. >> Fun. That'll be so nice. >> It's a great restaurant. I have actually eaten in the restaurant now. >> Really? >> Yeah. Um, we did brunch. >> One there for breakfast for his daughter's birthday. >> Oh, fun. Brunch is so good. I got one of the kiches and it was delicious. So, >> turkey daughter. >> Oh, I love that. That's so cool. >> Well, you're going to like it. It's expensive, but it's yummy. never wants to bite the cake. >> Okay, perfect. >> I still haven't had that cake. >> I I didn't get the cake just cuz it was a little pricey, but I tried one of my friends and it was a piece or >> was it good? >> Not a piece a bite. It was good. It was really good. I don't know if it's $25 good, but it was good. >> Absolutely. >> Yeah, it was good. >> That kind of money and >> Yeah. What powerup band do Jenna and Josh have? And will you be doing the Yoshi meet and greet? Oh my goodness. So, since mom was in the hospital, we did have Epic tickets on Wednesday. Um, I did call Universal and um, we're going to go in and get them switched. They were really good about it. Um, we just weren't able to do that yet. So, we're going to wait probably at least a week or more before just to make sure mom's all good to go. Um, we'll see. Maybe a couple weeks. We're not quite sure. But, um, I hope to get back there before the Yoshi meet and greet goes away, which is sometime in April. But, but we'll see. But my powerup band is Yoshi because he's my favorite. So >> Oh, power up band. >> Band. Yeah, >> I was thinking >> so band >> when we do go to Epic cuz Ivonne and I are hoping to go. You have to get a power up band. >> They are so fun at Epic cuz you get to go around and play the little games and then beat Bowser and it's so fun. >> You're going to love it. >> All right. >> It's very busy, >> but it's very fun. >> Look at my planner and then we can >> Yeah. Oh, the the fireworks cruises are >> Oh, yep. They're on their way over. >> Thank you, Christopher. Yeah, we're so glad mom's doing better, too. Thank you so much. >> Hi, Robert. Well, at Disneyland, I had my very first churro and some beignet. Churros are rather interesting. The beignetes were yummy. Oh, I'm so glad. Bless you. I'm so glad you got to try the churros and the beignet. Disneyland has the best. Bless you. There's those allergies. Yep. >> Bless you. >> Yoshi is so good. Right. And I think Josh's power up. I think he's got Mario. I believe >> he got Mario. >> Do they have like the princess? What's her name? >> Uh-huh. Princess Peach. Yep. Princess Peach. >> Princess. >> They have Princess Daisy. Um Yoshi, Donkey Kong, Mario, Luigi, Toad. Cute little Toad. >> Oh, Toad. I love Toad. >> All right, I might have to have Toad. >> Uhhuh. He's cute. I still don't have a power band and I've been six times. Tim, you need a power band. >> Tim, >> come on. Tim. >> Tim, you okay? >> Now I'm questioning if he's okay. >> Please send our best regards to mom. Praying for her. A thank you, Carol. That's so sweet. Mom is doing Mom is doing good. Yes. Thank you, everybody. Yeah, she's doing good. She's home. Um, I know they were exhausted, so I hope uh they took a nap and I hope they're already sleeping tonight. So, they need they need some good rest. >> It's Mother's Day here in the UK on Sunday. So, happy Mother's Day. Oh my goodness. Happy Mother's Day to everybody in the UK. >> I love that you just passed Seabbze Point, our wedding vow renewal. A, that's so fun. I do love that little area right there. It's a great spot. Hi, Craig. We'll be heading down tomorrow, St. Patrick's Day. Nice. >> Hey, Sean Rogers. How are you? Haven't seen you in a while. >> Sean's coming in St. Patrick's. >> No, somebody else. MDF said Toad is my spirit Mario character. Yoshi is mine. >> Roselina. Oh, good point. I don't know if she has a powerup band or not. She has a cupcake. >> Roselina. >> Yep, Roselina. All right, let me check with Josh and see if he's ready to take the stream back so we can get into Epcot. Uh JFL sent $5. One feature I wish the iPads had was micro SD cards to expand storage for more movies. Hope your mom gets better. A thank you JFL. Thank you so much. That's awesome. >> My first Mother's Day on Sunday. A that's so awesome. Thanks for the super chat. Yes. Thank you. Dale's here. Hi, Dale. Thank you so much. Everybody say hi to Dale. Go over to Adventures of Jenna and Dale and um subscribe. We have four of our cruise vlogs out already. And I'm hoping to get the other one edited maybe on Sunday or or uh tomorrow at some point. And we'll get that out for you guys. Day five. So, we've got five, six, and seven. Three more days. Hey, Mr. Master. Her dress is the perfect shade. Light blue, teal. That makes it my favorite color. Oh, that's awesome. I love it. All right, let me ask Josh. >> Um, all right, guys. So, we're going to see what Josh says here. Everybody saying hi to Dale. tails here. Let's talk about Oh, look. This is cool. Let's talk about another awesome sponsor that we have. Um, let's see. We have uh resort tv1homes.com. If you guys are wanting to move here to Central Florida to be closer to um the magic of Walt Disney World, go check out resorttv1homes.com. Brokered by EXP Realy. go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Again, resort tv1homes.com, guys. Go check us out, even if you're not ready to move yet. Um, you know, let's get the process started already. And, uh, you know, get you excited to move here to Central Florida. Again, uh, let's see. Resort TV1 homes brokered by EXP Realy. Dale look like Spider-Man climbing the wall. Yeah, Dale did a great job. He was being very um adventurous. >> Yeah, for sure. Mr. Master, >> hello Blue Polo. Happy Friday. How's it going? I bet we can get a couple more likes. Uh we have 2300 people in the chat. Hey, Nanny Pooh Bear. We're just waiting on Josh. And as soon as Josh comes, let's get another view across this way. While we're waiting on Josh, >> see what he says. Cuz then, like I said, we're going to get into Epcot. And you know, we got to go through security. So, we can't do that live. And instead of you guys seeing the spinny spinnies, we might as well send you to Josh, right? Let's see. I think I got something. All right. He says, "Sure. Give me a minute." Okay, >> Jenna said, "No API video this year." Yeah. No. Yep. Dale did not film at Arnold Palmer this year. >> I see you get better in sports. >> A Dale says, "I see all your highs and thank you. You do better. >> J, I'll give a I'll give a positive review for Surf Shark. My husband has been using it and so please that's awesome. Michelle, happy Friday. Get your ears on. Yeah. No spinny spinnies. You know, like lag where where it goes like this. Spinny spinny spinny. >> All right, everybody. So, just give me a moment. Don't worry. We will be heading that way. Yeah, definitely follow Dale's Instagram if you want to see more golf. He's going to another golf event tomorrow and he is so excited. All the golf, all the fun. >> All right, we're just waiting on Josh >> and then we'll head into Epcot. >> I don't need Google. My wife knows everything. >> That's amazing. >> It's so good. I love it. sent to Kelly. I said, "You need this shirt." >> She took a picture of it so she can send it to >> I love that. That is awesome. >> Who needs Google when you got away? >> Uh-huh. 100%. Uh Dale says, "We're getting close to 13,000 subscribers on Adventures of Jenna and Dale." Yes, please go hit hit the subscribe button, guys. We would love that. Thank you. Yeah, a lot of lot of new um new awesome people followed us after um the cruise. So, yeah, a lot of people are loving the cruise videos, which I love cuz we like to cruise. >> Science says that we just need another cruise. >> I love that plan. >> Well, I'm going to send you guys over to Josh. Do you want to say bye one more time? >> All right. >> Thank you so much again. That was very sweet of you. We really appreciate it. So, thank you. >> It's a small thing I can do for everything you do for us. >> A thank you. Thank you. And please tell your family hi and bye for us again. Maybe we'll see you again because you'll be here. So, >> another week. >> Sounds good. All right. Good deal. Well, we're going to send it to Josh. Go through Epcot and then take it back. >> Perfect. >> All right. >> Sounds great. >> Well, enjoy your evening and uh we'll see you soon. >> Awesome. Yeah, sounds good. >> All right. All right, guys. So, Josh is live. We're going to send you over there and we'll see you in just a little bit. I want her to like stop in and be >> She's allergic to Well, hey everybody. Welcome back to the contemporary. I see the switch. So, we must have switched. So, here we are. Not welcome back, but welcome back to my phone. And welcome to the Contemporary. Here we are. There goes Montreal Yellow. Mellow Yellow. Guys, there's a cookie shortage. I was going to get a cookie at the uh Grand Fian and there weren't any chocolate chip and there's just no cookies at all here. So, apparently uh it's busy. All right, we're going to go downstairs and see the Easter eggs here at the Contemporary. They're Muppet Muppet themed Easter eggs here. I have not seen them, but I'm excited to go see them. They're in the main lobby on the first floor. So, we're going to go this way down down down the escalator. So, give me just a second to get down there and we'll check out the Easter eggs. Hey, Maria. Oh, yeah. JL uh JL sent a super chat. I don't know if Jenna got to read it or not. Uh $5. GL, which Spider-Man do you prefer, Toby, uh, Graphblood or Tom Holland? Uh, I don't know if I have a if I have a uh I don't know if I have a preference or not, but I'd say probably uh probably Tom Holland, but I don't know. I'm not a big not a big movie Spider-Man fan, so I've watched some of them. >> Yeah, these are Muppets here. Well, at least not here, but down a little bit. >> Okay, >> here we are in the convention center. >> Now, over here, somewhere over here. This is the ballroom of the Americas where Richard Nixon gave his I'm not a cook speech, I believe. Is that down here? I don't know. I always get turned around around here. I think it might be behind me somewhere. >> But yes, Richard Nixon did give his I'm not a cook speech here. He was a big DY fan and he did it. And the Ballroom of the Americas, the other ballroom was not here. It hadn't been built yet. The ballroom of the Americas is the uh the main one. Oh my goodness. Wow. Big reveal. Hold on just a second. Oh my goodness. >> This is crazy. >> You guys aren't You guys aren't ready for this. You're not ready for this. >> Just like Muppet Vision 3D. Wow. >> Look, they're just like on the show. All the little All the little boxes. Oh my goodness. Look at this. Here, let me get a picture. Hold on. Guess the Beatles was at the Polynesian. Okay, I got to like There we go. That's amazing. There we go. Wow. >> Eden Robin hop in the machine and it's going. in there. >> Oh, guys, I can relate. >> Isn't that crazy? >> My gosh. >> Wow. >> Goodness. >> That's right. It's time to play the music. It's time to dress up, right? It's time to get to the garden. I'm about to show tonight. >> Wow. >> Just a second. I'm showing the muppets right now, but I'm almost done. >> Look at that. >> Oh, that's so cool. JL chocolate. I believe >> this is made by Eric. I'm glad they got to sign it. That's nice. Look at the little foot lightss, too. Little foot lights. Some detail. Look at this. All right, I'm going to send you back to Jenna for just a second. I'll show these again here in a little bit, but that is so so cool. Wow. All right, send me back to Jenna. Jenna's going to just walk you around Epcot a little bit. All right. Yeah. What a what a cool dress to make out of chocolate. How fun. All right. I'm going to send you over to Jenna in three, two, and one. Hey everybody, welcome back to Epcot. Well, not back, I guess. Welcome to Epcot. Welcome back to my phone. There we go. Okay. Oh, I almost tripped. It is a busy night here at Epcot. Everybody getting ready for the fireworks or just, you know, trying to get one last food or drink before everything closes. Got about 12 minutes. Hello. Hello. Did you get to see the Muppet eggs? That's so cool. The ones at the Contemporary is like all of the Muppets from Muppet 3D. It looks amazing. >> So, I got to get over there and check it out. But they're having a party over there. Hi, Purple Fire. Hello, Snoopy girl. >> I did. I found another egg over there. Did you see? That's part of the egg hunt around uh Epcot, which we'll do one day. I'm just not sure when yet. And this year, Winnie the Pooh and Gang are down here instead of back there where they normally are, which I kind of like. >> Hi, Edwin. Hello. I also saw something new over here. I want to sneak over to this >> little merchandise. >> Yeah, I noticed that. >> I think there's a new pair of ears. >> Sorry. Okay. Oh, that's cute. So, it's like his English, you know, little That's adorable. A There's a bee on the side. >> That is Oh, yeah. It says United Kingdom. Cute. >> I love Ru. He's one of my favorites. >> They just need Piglet, too. I know. Piglet is my absolute favorite, >> but I like Ru, too. >> Mom has this due to life. I love that. Mom has We got that one for her for >> birthday or Christmas ones. >> I know. I do too. It's adorable. And these are the new Epcot ears, which I absolutely love. The bow does come off. Stacy says, "I haven't decided whose phone is more comfy, Josh or Jenna's." Oh, more UK merch. Very nice. Very nice. Rosen Crown. Oh, I love that they have Frozen Crown. >> Okay, that's cool. >> All right. Right. >> My eye that my my hair blew in my eyeball. >> Your eye got in your eye. >> Did you get it out? >> Yeah. >> Okay, good. >> For lack of better phrases, it tickled my eyeball. I don't know how to >> Oh, man. That is weird. >> Weird. >> Okay. It's like It's like I 4. Did we make it? We made it. That was scary. >> That was kind of scary. >> Oh, that's so cool, Britney. Can't wait to see it. >> Another dog. >> Oh my goodness, guys. We've seen like 16 dogs tonight. So many dogs. >> I love it. Don't forget we need to have a Starbucks break. #allthe things. I mean, why not? We had Starbucks earlier, but I won't don't usually say no to it. Thought I heard my name. >> They're cute, right, Mickey? Mom, >> it is a lot warmer over here than it was over at >> Oh, agreed. Maybe because the wind it's not as windy. I don't know. Um, I will say Jenna's phone does do more shopping. Lol. That is true, Stacy. Good point. >> It's all the phone's fault. >> Uhhuh. I am doing some Winnie the Pooh embroidery squares. Oh, that's fun, Maria. That's awesome. Huge sale on the website. Really? On Shop Disney? Don't tell me this. Wow, look at the line for maple popcorn. >> Wow. Oh. Oh, but look forward or you might get hit. >> Jeepers. popcorn. >> Welcome to Disney during spring break. >> And New Year's Eve. >> Yeah, this does remind you of New Year's a little bit. Oh, and guys, they have a brand new popcorn bucket. And uh I might have got one for mom earlier. And uh Ivonne got one cuz she had to have it. >> Kermit and Miss Piggy over there. >> Wow, look at that. Holy moly. I mean, shopping with Jenna is the best. So, we love Jenna's phone. A thanks, Kelly. >> I do. I do know all the things or some of the things. So, bop bop bop the like button. Subscribe if you're new. Go check out dreamtable.com if you guys or sorry, dreamtable.co if you guys um want to get a really hard to get reservation. Dreamtable.co will help you get that reservation. All you have to do is download the um download it on the app store, dreamtable.co. You can also find it on dreamt.co. Put in the restaurant that you're wanting to get, how many people and the day, and then they'll notify you whenever that reservation becomes available. So, they won't make the reservation for you. They will just notify you and then you go into the app and you make the reservation at dreamtable.co. Guys, go check them out. Okay, this is where the violet lemonade is and jewel whips. >> All righty. >> Hi, Black Sheep. How are you? Hey, Shannon. Welcome in. Let's get a good shot of Spaceship Earth. Look at that. Well, maybe. Not sure we're going to get over there. >> And go. >> Good job. We did it. >> We did it. >> I knew we would. I think Oh, I hit the wrong button. >> I think Lalier is playing over there. That is true. Stacy Josh does have a new phone. shopping is more comfy. I love it. >> All right. So, guys, I'm not sure about fireworks tonight. I haven't quite decided. I have actually not watched them yet. Um, they're really good. I love them, but they do have that little sad part in the in the middle, and I'm just not quite sure I'm ready for that sad part yet. So, we'll see. If we do watch, we're going to watch from like further back. So, I don't know. We'll see. But you are going to see Happily Ever After at 9:30. So, don't go anywhere. 9:30 p.m. Eastern. Josh will show you Happily Ever After from an awesome view. It is a beautiful night to be here. I should have my own shopping channel, shouldn't I? Just a channel of shopping. It's all I do. Shopping. All right, let's head this way. Let's go check out the Moana topiary. And then we've got Mickey and Minnie down here. >> Thank you, Stacey. I appreciate it. >> Oh, it's not that I can't stand the middle part. I I like it. It's just sad. It's just sad. So, >> isn't this cool? Okay, so on flower and garden, I was in a hurry and I called them heyi and puku. >> Instead of hei and pua, >> my brain just went heyioo. >> Sorry, Pua. >> But no, I do love this. Um, okay. So, we have $5 from Jennifer Price. Such a pretty view. All the good vibes sent a thank you. Thanks, Jennifer. Very kind. We really appreciate it. A hi Matt. Hi Remy. Thank you. Thank you very much Shannon, Matt and Remy. That's very sweet. Thanks Britney. Hi Linda. Thanks everybody. If you start an all shopping channel, we're going to need someone to start a bankruptcy channel. >> Kelly might be willing to sponsor that one. That's funny. Uh, no. I definitely don't want to do the personal shopping. That's It's a lot. It is a lot and I I don't have time. So, no. But there are others that do it. So, if there are things you want or need, you can definitely find it. >> Wow. It's Spaceship Earth is so pretty. Love it. Isn't it crazy though to think like back in the 80s we're like, "Okay, we're going to build this giant golf ball and put a ride in it." Uh-huh. You're going to what? >> And now we're going to decorate the outside. >> Yeah. And now we're going to light it up >> with music and lights. It's amazing. >> It is amazing. >> And it's 247 shopping stream. There you go. >> I don't know if I could do that 24/7. I mean, shop's closed. >> Uh, would be a choice. Yeah, that's funny. Oop, sorry. So, yeah, they're getting it ready for the show. They make it dark for the show. >> A Thanks, Tracy. These uh these are from a couple years ago. My ears, I forget. >> Like two or three years ago. >> The year before. >> Yeah. Okay, so I was showing Ivonne a picture of this. If you guys were here on Friday, I noticed that Minnie's bow is two ladybugs. How adorable is that? Let me zoom in a little idea. Isn't it? >> I just hope she's not planning on using that racket to smack those buds. >> I hope not, too. >> So pretty. That is not what I meant to do. >> Oh my goodness. Look at the line still for the popcorn bucket. All right, guys. We're going to take you up here and show you the popcorn bucket. What is happening? Why are they screaming? >> Oh, here. Let's go over here and show them. So, this is the new popcorn bucket. >> It is Winnie the Pooh with bunny ears on. And if you hit the um sorry, you hit the uh egg, piglet comes out. >> It is adorable. Aren't they the cutest thing ever? >> They're so cute. So, I think they're 25 before tax. Watching that. >> So, those are the new popcorn buckets. >> Wow, that popcorn smells amazing. >> It smells so good. Look at the line. >> My goodness. >> Look at the line. >> Right up like people in line. Yeah, there was a little line, but it was not this bad. That's crazy. And we got in line about 4. Well, before 4:00, but I get it. It's really cute. And it just came out yesterday, I believe. >> Oh, no kidding. >> Yeah. >> Oh, wow. >> So, we left out. They're so cute, aren't they? >> Actually, let's let's walk through the park here and then we'll head back into the into the shop. >> It's not It's not sad yet, so I can take I can take this music. This is a good part. Don't worry, I'll be able to watch it again sometime. Just not ready yet. >> It's a poo corn bucket. >> I love it. That's great, Tim. Oh, another doggy. Oh, the doggy went up. Oh my goodness. >> A He's like, "Come back down, please." So cute. Uh JFL $5. Thoughts on the new Malcolm in the Middle reboot from Disney Plus. I didn't know anything about it. Um I've never saw the first one, so I I don't know, but I guess if you were a fan, that's exciting. >> Thank you, JFL, for the $5 super shot. >> I love the lights with the the different colors on them. So pretty. Oh, and now we have regular Epcot music. Okay, >> that's weird, >> right? >> I didn't expect that. >> I know. It's a weird transition, right? You hear the music, then all of a sudden >> then all of a sudden, boom, >> and then nothing. >> Oh, we can watch the fireworks from here. I can't hear the music from here. >> Okay, >> you get Epcot music with the fireworks. That's okay. >> A whole different feel. It is a whole different feel. Kind of want to move over a little bit. >> Yeah, why not? >> Well, this is different. Let me uh take down the lights just a bit so you can see them better. >> There you go. in the water coming out. >> Tim wants me to take you. >> Who knew? >> I didn't. >> Everybody but me. It's fine. >> Oh my god. >> Fine. >> Y'all are going to put that on my gravestone. Ivonne does not know who Walt Disney is. Hey, if you can dream it. >> They look like little jellyfish in the sky. >> Oh, they did, didn't they? I mean, yeah. >> You guys really >> Roy is standing in front of the castle, too. >> You know, I just need my truth. I'm sitting here. You always said before, I always ate my butter watching outside. >> Well, there you go. >> Might as well. >> So, do you guys want to keep watching the fireworks or would you rather go do some shopping? Let me know. Yeah. >> All right. Let's see what they think >> cuz you are going to see Happily Ever After with Josh in a little bit. So >> Oh, I've never heard that, Tim. Yeah. All right, we're getting shopping. A lot of shopping. Okay, sounds good to me. >> All right, >> some shopping. >> Let's do it. >> All right. I >> think we've got mostly shopping here. I do like shopping. >> Ho ho ho. >> Off to shopping. We go. I ho hi ho. Actually, before we go in Oh, they closed them already. Darn. They had a pin board over here. >> Oh, sad. >> Sad. >> I thought all these pins should trade in. They haven't traded. >> We have looked at some of them though. Uh, actually, yeah, let's go back to this and we'll walk that way. >> Hi, Jenna. >> Hi. How are you? >> Oo, we got the taxes done. That's awesome. Oh, see, now you can hear the music. >> Isn't that funny? >> Yeah. Yes, shopping is my happy place. Yeah, I don't think it is. Somebody's going to trip on it. Kiddos are playing with a kicking a ball around. Little ball. >> You know why I think it's also warmer? Body heat. There's more people. There's a lot more people over here. So, I had the Skittles freeze-dried >> Oh, yeah. Freeze popcorn. Was it good? >> No. >> No. >> Terrible. >> That's sad, Dave. I know. >> All right. >> Let's check out some of these. >> I love that he's got glasses on. >> And it looks like Spaceship Earth in his glasses. >> So cute. >> Here's Spike Duby. Spiked Duby. Why does this look black in my phone? That is green, not black. >> Oh, that's weird, >> isn't it? >> Yep. >> Oh, here. I'll show you the little Did >> you turn your light back up? >> Yep. >> Okay. Sure did. >> There's the little plants. And look, they only have three left. >> They're out of Figment, >> but I love the blue one. That's cute. >> Yeah, they're so lines. >> And the white one. >> Yeah, I got bee. I got spiked a bee. Yeah, >> those are um Yeah, >> they're not stickies, but >> they're just normal. >> I know. Aren't they cute? >> You need those for your desk. >> Who speaks to my teacher? >> I was going to say those would go great on your desk. >> I do love this tank top. I'm not going to lie. >> Fun in the sun. >> I have not done the pin drop on Tuesdays. I heard it's kind of crazy. >> It needs >> Oh, these are the ears. I know. Mom and I had to get it. >> That's adorable. >> Look at his little wings. >> And this comes off. So if you don't want to have that cute All right, so these are the new flower and gardeners. They're a little different this year. Different color. >> This comes off. >> Okay. >> If you want. >> Cute. >> I like them a lot. They are Loungefly, so they're a little pricey. I think they're 40. Yeah. $44.99 add to cart. Um, but these were a definite add to cart for me because first years that Spike have ever been on. Here he is. >> Oh, right. And you get Orange Bird. And this comes off. >> That's so cute. And here's the back. >> Also, by the way. >> Mhm. So, they were a little pricey, but so cute. I had to. So, they were an add to cart immediately. Orange bird is my weakness. He is cute, isn't he? Um, and then what else do they have? They have the dress. >> Yeah. Little butterfly bread from Alice. >> And it's not huge arms. >> Yeah. Which is nice. And then you have your bag to match. >> That's cute. Adorbs the ears. >> Uh-huh. And the ears, of course. Oh, they have the pins. I have not seen the pins yet. So, these are the pins. I've not seen these cuz they were over in the other shop. Missed them. They have that one. Okay. Treat yourself. A might Okay, I might need this cuz he's got his little glasses. So, this one Peter Pan. Oh, this is Figment. So, these are I think supposed to be the topiaries. >> They are the topiaries. You're right. Isn't >> that cute? >> Oh my word. Look at Spike passholder one. >> That's cute. So cute. And then we've got >> So cute. >> Flower and garden passholder with Mickey and Minnie. I think that's it. Awesome. Oh, yep. Thank you. I didn't see Lumir. Oh, Lumir. He's so cute. That's awesome. This one might be my favorite though. I love his little glasses. That's so cute. >> Awesome. >> We have the other ones like the mystery boxes over on Disney Pen Trader >> and in the mystery boxes we have Miss Piggy Hermit Roots and I there was one for one that I forgot. >> Forgot. Okay, that's cool. That's over in the shop. >> It's also over going to be in Disney. >> Okay, thank you so much. That's awesome. Very cool. So you'd have to buy all those. You have to buy the mystery boxes until >> Yeah. Until you get them. But then you have trader pens. >> Oh, that's cute. For your garden? >> No. I want it so bad. So I have one original like a long time ago when they came out. >> He's all faded now, >> so I kind of need him. >> You kind of don't replace him, >> but he's a little pricey, so I haven't bought him yet. >> And then you got your Spike Dub shirt. Spike. >> Dubby. Not Duby. Spiked Duby. Spiked Dubby. He really is. All right. What else do we see? Oh, I found out a trick with this. >> Kevin Wishable. >> Stop. Doug. >> I wanted Doug, right? >> Yeah. >> Well, if you look, Doug is looks like he would be a bigger. So, I figured out if it doesn't shake much, it's probably Doug, >> and if it shakes a lot, it's probably Kevin because, >> right, >> this one shakes a lot. >> Could be Kevin or or could be Kevin. >> Wow. But for sure, if it doesn't shake much, it's it's Doug. >> I haven't found one yet. Like try that one. Shakes a little >> the things I do. >> But anyway, >> so it's a little trick. >> It did work for me. >> I know. Aren't they cute? >> I uh I got Stitch and Dale. >> That's cute. >> They're out of them apparently. pretty amazing. >> So guys, don't go anywhere. Justin is going to show you happily ever after here um in well about 15 minutes. So do not go anywhere. >> What? >> A new Figment Lounge. >> Oh, that one. I know. Isn't it cute? >> It's cute. I've not seen it before. >> Lots of toys. >> Yeah, it I don't know when it came out, but it is adorable. This is cute, too. >> Little raincoat. It's very iridescent. I love it. >> I thought this was clear from the distance. >> Oh, okay. I can see that. Let's buy five. Okay, Tim, sounds good. I'll take 20. >> Just bring me. Yes. Credit card needed. I want this bag so bad, but I don't think I have so many bags. Look at the bear. So, he's he's a stopper for your hot drink. >> He is. >> Isn't that cool? >> That's adorable. >> I know. I just want him. >> That's so cute. >> And then that's for your straw. >> So fun. I love this whole line, but I need a shirt. I need a shirt. >> Only five, Tim. I know. >> Love it. I know. It's so so cute. >> Oh, they have new corn on the cob. >> They have new corn on the cob holders. >> They're sponges. >> I know. Isn't that fun? >> So fun. >> Looks like an ice cream. >> They have new the cob holders. >> Yeah. Let's look over here. >> That are more functional, >> I think. So, oh no. Oh, are they gone? >> Oopsie. They were um Oh, here they are. Here they are. >> Oh, are a little bit more functional >> than the big Mickey hands. Take up half your corn on the cob. >> I mean, corn on the cob. >> Yes, corn on the cob. >> Oh, this is cute. First trip to Disney. >> That's cute. >> I love it. >> Look, here's Roy. There you go, Tim. Are you happy? >> Just for you, friend. >> Uh, is the store in Disney Springs with the mystery boxes permanent? I don't know if it's permanent, but it is still there. Um, and it's fun. And they they have different things all the time. So, sometimes they have a lot of things and sometimes not so many. So, just >> nice. We'll see. Oh, that is cool. Really that big. >> Stitch. I haven't seen Bay. >> Giant Stitch. >> Oh, I hear >> with ice cream. >> Should we flee? >> That's cute, but a little frightening. >> It is a little frightening. >> It's like naughty stitches. >> Yeah, naughty stitch. >> Like, I want to touch that until I saw everybody's hand. Never mind. >> Hello, Kit. How are you tonight? Welcome in if you're just joining again. Happily Ever After is in about 4 minutes. So, or not 4 minutes, less than 15 minutes. I can math. I promise. It's fine. >> I know. Isn't that cool? The old Skyway bucket. >> So, a friend of mine used to be a cast member for this ride. >> Oh, that's so cool. I want one, but then I looked at the price. >> Like, I kind of want to buy one for her. >> But why $40? That's why there's a lot >> I get and it's very heavy. >> 25 maybe 29 but >> 40 >> not 40. I don't know. That's just my opinion. >> It's cool though. >> It's a little pricey. >> It is a little >> It was supposed to be roped off. They have my gold ears here. >> Uh let's check it. They do have your pearl these. So these are the ones I have. And uh these are the pearl ones. The brand new ones that just came out. Hey guys. >> So cute. >> Math is harder than words. It is true, >> Stacey. >> 100% agree. >> I don't see it here. >> The gold ears. >> Oh no. >> Oh no. >> That was my name. >> Wow. It's hot in here. It is hot in here. Uh, >> you know what else I want to I want to look for? Uh, keychains cuz they have new um, they have new ear. They look like ears and it's keychain. >> Really? >> And you can they can fit on your new emos. >> Okay, everybody is rushing in. The fireworks must be over. >> So guys, again, don't go anywhere. Happily ever after fireworks really really soon. >> You don't want to miss them from the contemporaries. >> Uh you know I have not seen any daisy ears. >> So I don't think they have any at the moment. >> Oh, you're right. Over here. Good call. >> You could work here, you know. >> But no. >> But no. I found one pair at um Magic >> Supposedly. Hi. >> Yes. >> Supposedly, >> yeah, >> we're going to get more cuz I saw Look at that. >> Oh, that's pretty. I saw a ton at um >> on line that they had at Dalian. >> Yeah. Yeah, I don't see any. Okay, unless it's on the other side. >> Nope. Okay. Plushies. >> So, what what exactly are they? >> Ears. Oh, ears. That's right. >> As a keychain. That's okay. I'm sure they'll get them eventually. No, these are new. Oh, cookies and a tin share. >> Do they have the green AP bag? Um, I'm not sure what that is. >> Peanut butter M&amp;M, please. >> Even better. >> All right. Well, let's take you guys out to the middle and we'll probably send you back over to Josh to get ready for Happily Ever After >> and I'll probably say good night. >> We'll probably head out um once we pass you back to Josh >> cuz this is closed. So, >> they're going to kick us out eventually. >> Your magic's open till 11:00, >> I think. So I don't know actually I'm good question with Josh is in magic. He's at the contemporary. So thank you everybody for joining tonight. You you found a job you do not want at Disney. Yeah we can go that way. Yeah. Um folding shirts. Yeah. No thank you. I did that a lot when I worked retail. I know what that I got carpal tunnel actually when I work um merchandising >> folding shirts >> folding and like putting them away and just it's a lot of repetitive stuff when you do the merchandising um and yeah no bueno. Thanks. Oh, you're welcome Britney. Thanks everybody for joining again. Don't go anywhere. Josh is going to take you back. Let me see if he's ready. Magic is open till 11. Okay, very cool. Thanks, guys. A Thank you, Purple. Purple Fire. I love Epcot, especially during Flower and Garden. Do you think Josh snuck into MK to watch the fireworks? I don't think so. I bet he's going to watch them from the Contemporary. It's a great view. We have two two two watching right now two2. >> All the twos. 1300 likes. Keep on the like button. All right. Well, Josh is live. We're going to say goodbye, but don't go anywhere cuz Josh is going to take you, but we do want to say goodbye. So, thanks for watching and bopping back and forth tonight. It's been a good stream. So, hope you guys enjoyed it. Thanks to Mama Mouse for hanging out and all of you guys for watching again. Don't go anywhere. I'm going to send you over to Josh for happily ever after. All right, guys. Enjoy. >> Bye. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, Heat. All right, everybody. Welcome to the Contemporary. Okay, here we are. The great view of the Magic Kingdom and the Montreals as they pass by. And that car in the parking lot that's uh honking the panic button set off down there. You can see Oh, there we go. Somebody finally got it. I was going to say you can see the lights flashing down there. You will get to see the Montreals go by as we watch the fireworks, which is always magical. We are 7 minutes away from the magic right now. This phone does so well in the low light. And you can see the Orlando Eye over there just behind Bayake Tower. Isn't that cool? Can definitely see it. Here comes the Montreals. That car is singing. Yeah, I know. It's ready for the show. Ready to begin. I thought it was a car in my parking lot. You know, it could be also that you picked one of the best views at top the Contemporary. Yay. It's perfect. Love the Montreals. Me, too. You might be able to hear uh some of the music. The There's speakers right there. I didn't go up as high this time, so you might be able to hear some of it. We'll see. Hopefully. Hopefully, it'll be just the right amount. You can hear some of it. we don't get a copyright claim and we don't have a lot of u don't have uh a lot of people around us so it should be good like there's nobody with me right now you can see down here there's a lot of uh a lot of people also from over here on this side it's not great because the Montreal track blocks you have to be on the other side of it you can also stand over there or you can stand on one of these floors here obviously the top is the most popular place to stand but that doesn't usually start happening until they make the announcement inside of the California grill for everybody to go out. >> Yes, that Samsung Galaxy S26 Ultra is amazing. It is. It's pretty cool. I'm excited. It's always such a great place to watch the fireworks from here. And then after this, I'll go um show you the Muppet Easter eggs again. And then I'll probably wrap it up after that and head home. I hope you'll join me tomorrow for Saturday Night Live probably at at the Magic Kingdom. We'll see. I actually the only reason I want to do Magic Kingdom is I want to get some videos there. There's some videos I need to add to the ride channel, uh, the ride stream, just to see if I can, um, if I can add, you know, not just to see, but but just to make sure I have those on there. There's certain videos I'm realizing I never had, like I never took a video of Small World just cuz it obviously is so copyrighted. I'm like, "Oh, I put that up and then it would just immediately get copyrighted." But like, I need to have it up for posterity, too. And I also need to redo some of the um other videos that I've taken during uh co just need to redo some of those and some of the ones I've done without gimbals and stuff. So I don't know. I may do redo some videos tomorrow. Going to have to watch the replay. Dad just fell and took out the bedroom door and closet door, too. Oh my goodness. Michelle, I hope he's okay. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Go check on him. Hopefully he's all right. Hopefully nothing broken. Purple Fire loves the ride channel. Yay. >> I feel like I can kind of hear the fire the um electric water pad back here, but maybe it's not. Do you know when they're going to open them up? It's a guitar thing. What's that? You mean rock and roller coaster? The new rock and roller coaster featuring the Muppets. Starring the Muppets. Uh, that I don't know. >> Oh, that's interesting. You can kind of see behind the Magic Kingdom now. That's interesting. That changes the skyline a little bit. You can kind of see they they're working on 429 right way back there where those lights are behind the castle. That changes the skyline a little bit. There is a big ridge over there. Um, yeah, that's interesting. I wonder how we how good the super zoom does here. Uh, it may not actually be switching to super zoom. Let's see. Hold on. Here we go. No, it's not. Oh, interesting. Let me make sure I'm on the right camera. So, there's ultra wide. There's wide. Okay. No, I think it's switching cameras. I did enjoy tonight's Josh. Mom said she thinks he's okay just bleeding because of the blood thinner. Oh, wow. Well, good to go check on him anyway, though. I am glad he's all right. I know JL, I definitely didn't see that. >> Yep. Rock and roller coaster opening uh I think in the summer actually. I don't think they said May. Um Buzz Lightyear is opening um April 8th. And then the Bluey at the um conservation station is opening May 26th. I posted that on our social media. Yeah. rocking a schedule for late summer. All right, 1 minute. I hear the uh the pre the pre-show music. 10 seconds. Here we go. Let me let me set the brightness here really quick. All right, enjoy the show, everybody. Each of us is a heart design. It comes to us. We dream to decide. All we have to do is Number I need to mention It's just beginning. Yeah. All these Wi-Fi. spice. This is so It's the Morning. Just one day. You're destiny. within you. You just have to be brave enough to see it and then the journey begins. She's happy. You're back. Shine. Christmas. Have your best friend all you want. Thank you. Hey everybody. That's right. Free feel free. Come on. It's not Put it right over. Heat. Heat. Daddy What? >> Please. Hello. Bye. Come on. I'm going to work Come on. You can change careful. time. I don't know. Oh my god. What are you doing? Okay. You see that dream is true. Rachel. Let her try. Keep coming. Heat. Heat. Thank you. Please continue. All right, that was awesome. Yeah, I hope you guys could see Tank. I zoomed in on her, but I know it's kind of far away from here, so yeah, that's pretty awesome. It's a great view. I know you can't hear the music as well from here, but uh it's pretty awesome. Maybe I'll go all the way up to the top next time, but either way, that's pretty awesome. And now it's time to go. We're on the eighth floor if you're curious. It's kind of hard to read, but that does actually say eight. So, all right, let's see if we can head on down. I hope you guys enjoyed. It was so awesome to uh be able to share that with you guys. We're going to We're not done yet, though. We're going to go check out the uh Muppet eggs one more time because if you missed them earlier, they are amazing. And I kind of had to rush through it cuz Jenna uh wanted to show um some stuff at Epcot before it closed. So, it worked out fine, but I just wanted to show them again for a couple more minutes. So, and then we'll wrap up the stream after that. And the bubbles were funny. Um actually, here I'll show them to you. Let me see if I can show them to you from the balcony easier cuz there's kids all around them. So, the bubbles are coming from that machine. That bubbles are coming from that trash can right there. Cool, huh? There you go. That's where the bubbles are coming from. So, they were coming all the way up there to the eighth floor. So, that was pretty cool. The bubbles rise further than what you'd think. I think they would pop by the time they get up there, but I guess they don't. So, now we actually know the bubbles last a while. So, >> they go all the way up there. There. There they are. >> It's quite popular. >> All right. Here, let me turn up the brightness so you guys can see. There we go. That's a better. Thanks, Mr. Master. Yes, for sure. Glad we got to chat. All right, so we didn't get to go through the shop here. I guess we can go real quick and then we'll go through the Muppet. Then we'll go check out the Muppets. >> Look at Joe's little shorts. Little shirt. Oh my gosh. The little the little people that will wear that would be pretty cute. >> Hey, let's go get your balloon. >> Look, it's a people mover. >> Liam has one of these. All right, let's see. Got some pens over here. Oh, these are these are cool. >> Oh, Alicia, I'm glad you like watching it from the contemporary. That's awesome. >> That's fun. All right, then we've got vacation club pants. How fun. All right, here's the arcade. Still a decent size arcade. I I I won't I don't want to take the time right now to go in, but it's it's pretty awesome. Well, here I'll I'll give you a quick just in case you've not seen it, give you a quick little overview of it. It's it's pretty deep, actually. It goes way back there. There's pinball, there's ski ball, there's all kinds of ball. There's giant Galaga, giant Pac-Man over there. >> So many cool things to see. So, I hope when you're here, you check out the arcade because we got to support arcades, man. Arcades are important. Oh, there's the Montreal right over my head. Montreal black. All right, let's go downstairs and check out the eggs one more time. I want to say hi and all that. Hi Josh. I'm Robin. >> Oh, I see. I'm a relatively new um watch watcher. Um just enjoy you and Jenna so much. Appreciate it. >> Oh, it's my pleasure. Did you want to say hi on the stream? >> Come here. >> It's It's up to you. You don't have to. >> I told them I have to say hi so they can watch it later. >> Oh, that's awesome. >> Hi everyone, Pennsylvania. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. Oh, thank you. Did you guys get to watch the fireworks? >> Yes. because of you. We watched them up top. >> That's what you do. >> Amazing. >> Oh, that's awesome. No, it's a great place. >> Can I get get a picture? >> Sure. Sure. Yeah. >> This I'm so happy for you. This is amazing. A >> I've been I was watching to see where you were going to be tonight. >> This is huge. >> A Thank you. So, thank you for watching. >> Appreciate you guys. I'm glad you got to watch the fireworks out there. >> Well, thank you for everything you do. Let me take my glasses off. >> All right. Thank you so much. >> Of course. My pleasure. >> A You guys have a great night. Thanks for watching. >> Have fun. >> All right, friends. Here. I'll I'll do the exercise thing. I'm doing double double good deeds today. I didn't have a cookie because I didn't have any. And now I'm taking the stairs. I'll take them back up, too. Why not? get my heart going. Okay. Anyh who, I want a picture with Joshua. Well, when you're down here, come definitely come find me. I know it's hard sometimes because we don't always end up in the same place as everybody else. And so that's it is hard, but hopefully we get to run into you guys. And apologies in advance if we don't, but we do we do try. I just don't do our schedule that much in advance sometimes cuz we have to we have to switch and pivot. based on whatever happens, you know, with us and our family and everything. So, it makes it hard sometimes, but I hope I get to meet all you guys. >> The Muppets. >> No, it's not. >> Hey, Patriot. Nah, it's always nice to meet everybody. That nice. Wow. >> So good. Excuse me. The Lakes Shore Resort. I don't know. It's got a little bit before it's done, I think. I am Sam Eagle. These are some important safety instructions. >> Kermit's right there. Oh, the Muppets have been busy for a long time. Are these cakes? >> No way. So, >> so this is literally the box right out of Muppet Vision 3D. >> What kind of an act is that? >> An act of mercy. She >> She did a pretty good job with that. >> Funny. S Sesame Street wants out of their contract with SeaWorld. That's interesting because SeaWorld has a giant park inside of like a whole land inside of actually um SeaWorld. So, that would be sad. The Sesame Street area is really fun. It's like very uh I don't know. It's just very uh it's very festive and I enjoy it. So, yeah. Yeah, there's Kermit right there next to Swedoms. He's there. >> Yeah, it's really nice. >> Thank you. >> You guys want a photo together? I've got a free hand. >> Thank you. >> Happy birthday. >> Thank you so much. Oh, I think I think the lens is dirty. It's giving it like a flare. You might want to do have something to wipe it off with. >> Maybe. Maybe. >> Maybe. >> Yeah, that's better. There we go. All right. One, two, three. Let me see. I'll get kind of get both sides here. >> There you go. >> Thank you. >> Oh, what was it? >> My necklace was >> Oh, okay. There we go. Gotcha. >> Thank you so much. >> Happy birthday. >> No, you're good. >> Muffin. Another muffin. Look at them. >> So cool. Thanks for the great stream from Paul Brandy James from Minnesota. You are very welcome. Thank you for watching. I appreciate you. >> Okay. All right, I'm probably going to end up heading out here pretty soon, but that super super fun. So glad to be able to see it. This is the rest of the lobby. So festive. Here's Steakhouse 71 people were talking about earlier. I still need to try it. I know. Oh, I've heard it's a good burger, so I definitely need to try it. I love this construction picture over here. It's one of my favorites. It's always good. Oh, yeah. Patriot. I'm glad. Why is that? Hold on. There you go. Glad to host you guys as always. Sorry, I had a little little signal glitch over there. All right, let's head up the stairs. Well, one last look at the Muppets. Dear Muppets, what's that? Um, Constantine from uh the One Muppet Show. So good. Anyway, wow. What the thought process was to have such a narrow escalator? Probably cuz back that in that time period, the the resort wasn't as busy as it used to be. though. So, that's probably what it was, I would say. All right, let's head upstairs. See, I told you I would climb the stairs. All right, I'll probably end by the uh probably end out by the castle. All right, >> I see the banner for Imagination Campus over here. That's when the bands and choirs and all the different school groups perform. I enjoyed seeing the Easter eggs and decorations. I'm so glad. We're expecting a couple feet of snow this weekend. Be live streaming at all the rest of the week. Probably probably be live on Tuesday like normal. And uh tomorrow I'm on spring break, so I'll probably do a little bit longer tranquil Tuesday, so that'll be fun. All right. Well, this has been great. I love those murals. Tired of watching you walk up the stairs, you know. I I do my best. >> Okay. >> Do my best. So, the five-legged goat is on the other side, unfortunately. But you have to go up by the Montreal to see that. But anyway, I'm wandering. I should probably just go home. All right. I will have to get on the Montreal, though. So, that's the hard part because fireworks just got out. Montreal's are going to be crowded for a while. But, I'll make it. I just have to wait a little bit. So anyway, thanks for watching. Spring's broken. It's minus 20. Yeah. Well, it does say spring break, so I guess in their defense. >> All right, guys. So, I'll see you sometime tomorrow. >> Oh, yeah. That's right. Yeah, you can go to the 24-hour stream if you want to. I got rides planned over there. I added today on the 24-hour, I added Guardians of the Galaxy and Rock and Roller Coaster. So, I'm planning to add a few more as we go. Thanks for being here. I guess I didn't really talk about sponsors very much, so let me talk about those really quick. Uh, we have mickeytras.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning advice. It's mickeytras.com. Go check them out again. Mikytravels.com also mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. So mickeyras.com and mickeyblog.com. Go check it out again. Mickeyas.com and mickeyblog.com. Oo. We also have resortbomes.com if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida. Resorttv1homes.com. There's the lag box over there. Yeah. Resorttv1homes.com. Go check it out. We're brokered by EXP Realy. A lot of people trying to find houses in Florida. It's your best bet. You can rent it out as a as a rental property. Whatever you want to do, but just go check it out. Resorttv1homes.com. Again, resorttv1homes.com. Brokered by EXP Realy. We have David's DBC Rentals. DBCrequest.com/tv. Dbcrequest.com/tv. If you want to um book a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, even if you're not a member, davisdbc rentals, dbcrequest.com/tv, excuse me. And we also have um Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. That's behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Go check it out. Thanks, Alicia. Thanks, Noel. Thanks, everybody. Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Go check it out. Oh, we can go watch the light p. Hold up. Hold on. We got to go watch the water pant. I wish forget that to 10:00. 10:05, sorry. Anyway, go check that out. Disney Demystified Behind the Ride on Amazon. We also have a Dream Table, which is an awesome app, Dream Table. They are amazing. You can use Dream Table to find reservations to all of your favorite restaurants at Walt Disney World. So, Dreamtable on the App Store. Just search for Dreamtable on the App Store or go to dreamtable.co. All right, let's watch this. Heat. Heat. Okay. Heat. Ready? All right. Heat. Heat. So oh Oh no. No, no, no. Hallelujah. Oh, look. There he is. Heat. Heat. Meow. Meow. Heat. Heat. I think people do. Yes. Hey. That's it. You already sleeping. All right. So fun. Super cool. Okay, so that was awesome. So glad we got to see it. Um, so anyway, I was I was talking about sponsors, but uh definitely be sure to check out all of the awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below. We'd appreciate you guys checking them out. Um, we also have Layer 1 Technology. If you want to get it support for your small or mediumsiz business here in Central Florida, that's a layer 1 technology. Just go to support layer technology.com. Again, that's support layer onetone.com. And our last one, Surf Shark. If you want to get the best VPN service to keep your data safe while you're online, VPN is a virtual private network. It keeps all your data safe, private, and encrypted. It's the best way to keep everything safe. Makes it so nobody can steal your information, your passwords or anything because it's encrypted. So, that just basically means the data is scrambled around so that nobody else can read it. Now, with that being said, um definitely check that out. Go to cersark.deals resortv1. Again, curark.deals resortv1. Use code resorttv1 for 4 months free. It's only about $3 a month and it's unlimited devices on Surark. So, go check them out. Surark.deals/resorttv1. Again, surark.deals/resorttv1. All right. We also want to thank our our members, all of our members. We appreciate all you guys. We appreciate our Patreons as well. Uh we appreciate our moppers, our hoppers, everybody. We appreciate you guys so so very much. Thank you for being members. Thank you for being part of this awesome community. And thank you for again our moppers keeping the community safe and familyfriendly all the time. We appreciate you. All right, so we have Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Stephanie Mertz, Go Manny, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jayla Moxley, Cander Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verisimo, and Alan J. Thank you so so very much to those people for supporting us every single month with a platinum membership, $50. It's so so generous and we appreciate it so so very much. All right, let me check and make sure the uh brightness is good. All right, there we go. Perfect. So, I'll see you guys tomorrow at um probably 5 or 6 p.m. Eastern time. So, don't uh go anywhere. Don't miss it. Don't forget the notifications, all that. If you want to go to the 24-hour stream after this, you totally can. Um but yeah, there's lots of rides and stuff on there. You can also check out RetroTV1 Tech, my other tech channel, even though haven't posted on there in a while and went too soon. And of course, Jenna uh and Dale's channel, Adventures of Jenna and Dale. They uh they post on there all the time. They had cruise videos and all kinds of stuff on there. So, go check all of the extra channels out. We have all kinds of uh of second channels and all these projects and stuff going on. So, definitely check it out. And um also uh we'll just see you tomorrow. So, thanks for being awesome. Thank you for everything. Oh, we also had a super chat. Sorry, I missed it. I didn't miss it. It was during the water pageant and I didn't Here we go. Right there. Periwinkle uh Periwinkle Shan one uh $5. Thank you Josh and Jenna from a fan up in Syracuse, New York. You guys bring life through your magical streams. Love what you share. Thank you, Periwinkle fam. Appreciate that very much. Thank you, Periwinkle. I just want to make sure there's nothing on PayPal. I don't think there is, but I just want to make sure. Let's see if we got anything there. No. Okay. Awesome. All right. Well, we will see you guys uh probably tomorrow, probably at Magic Kingdom. We'll see. So, anyway, definitely uh stay tuned. Have the notification bells on, and we will see you very, very soon. All right, everybody. Thanks for being awesome. Thanks for a great night. Uh, see you tomorrow. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
