---
video_id: xLM1lxMEUJc
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Magical Monday at Epcot Festival of the Arts - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 1-19-26"
published: 2026-01-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLM1lxMEUJc
---
Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live for Magical Monday here at Epcot for the Festival of the Arts. Welcome in, guys. Before we get too far into the video, want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all of the social media. We're Resort TV on all the things. Welcome in everybody. So glad you're here with us this morning. It's going to be a good one. Going to be a good one, but it's going to be a chilly one. Let's go say hi to Uncle Walt. Hi, Uncle Walt. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody say good morning to Mr. Walt Disney. Hi Karen. Hi Jack. Hi Nico. Zelina. Susan, the windchill is in the 30s this morning. Hi, Mr. Green Giant. Hi, Susan. Hi, Rachel. Hi, Blue Nose. How are you? Hi, Chris. Hi, Rob. Hi, Ally. Hi, Daryl. Happy Monday. It's not too bad if it's not windy, but man, that wind is cold. Hi Ann. Hi Amy. Hey Age of Retro. Hi Catherine. Good morning Jacob. Hi Leo. Hi Kayn. Leo's mom. Loving the land. I will. Thank you so much. I'm all bundled up here. I'll show you guys what I got. I was just going to wear my city um hoodie, but I got out of my car. I was like, "Nope, I need the coat." Cuz it's cold. It is cold. I got my stitchy hat. Um, but the sun is nice. I'm hoping hoping it warms up. I did not bring ears cuz it's that cold. But I'm like, I don't think I'm going to take this off all day. But we'll see. The sun is nice. So, welcome in. Happy Monday. Hi, Corbin. Hey, Miss Disney fan. Are you still here? Hi, Ken. Hi, Dan. Leo, Clamoth Rock, good morning. I don't know where I'm going. I'm just meandering around. Looks like they're about to do a show over here. Got to love this view. Hi, crazy cat lady. Hey, Christopher Black. Stacy is here. Okay, let's see. The AI Disney guy. Hello. Hey, Plymouth Rock. Nia, good morning. How are you today? Going to check on the wait times. Oh, no worries. No worries at all. I hope you had a good time. That's all that matters. Wow. The Disney app said, "Nope, not going to work this morning." Hi, Paul. Here we go. Okay, it's working now. It just like closed. It was like, "Nope, sorry. Try again later. All right. The land is five. Nemo is five. Imagination is five. Saurin is 15. Mexico is five. I'm thinking we could go do either the land. The land's a nice ride. What do you guys think? I do have a friend coming. Oh, is mom in the chat? Hi, mom. I missed it. Hi, Alicat. Hey Britney. Hi Terry. Hey Elizabeth. Hi Jeff. See mom. Alli J. Sorry guys if I missed you but I really appreciate you being here today on this magical Monday. Hope everybody had a good weekend. Do the warm rides first. I love this plan. Christopher. It is going to get up to 57. So with the sun that will feel good after you know whatever the temp is now 40 feels like 30. David, hello Alicia. Land sounds good. I mean can't go wrong with a land ride, right? We'll go see how busy it is. It says five. We can always go into Communicore Hall again. They have the coolest um thing all set up for Festival of the Arts, Once Upon a Stage. Oh, we've got Aladdin's lamp over here on the right. Thank you, Rob. Hi, Daniel. You definitely vote for Living with the Land. Okay, perfect. Thanks for 200 likes already, guys. Here's the Once Upon a Stage. It's very cool. Here we go. Isn't it gorgeous? Going to be a good one. Awesome. Booking my flights for my 38th birthday. Oh, that's so exciting. Oh, we're starting the music. So, this is a genie's lamp from the show. So, it used to sit right on top of here. Isn't that cool? in New York City, 42nd Street. It's really hot in here. They also have this Lurana game set up all around the park. And there's a map and you find all the ones on the map and then uh you take it somewhere and you get another Lana card. Rub the lamp so you can wish for warmer weather. I love that Christopher. It is actually going to get warmer um by Friday. I think it's supposed to be 80. So that's why this feels so cold. We had 70 on Saturday, 76 actually. And now it's in the third. It's in the well 40s. And then we're going to get back to 80 and then it's going to go back down again. It's just how it is here. Ups and downs. Bring the layers if you're coming. That's awesome. Awesomeness. I love that. I don't want to go without my friend. I'll see if she's almost here walking in. Okay, cool. I can't even type. My fingers are that cold. Won't be 80 here till July. I remember that, Rob. Doesn't it sound amazing? And it'll be uh Dale's birthday. Friday, it'll be 80 for Dale's birthday. Happy Monday, Kelly. We're just going to wait inside. Florida cold is so cold. Especially when it's windy. Oh man, is it cold? Who's our friend today? Our friend. Should I tell you or should you guys You want to wait and see. Yes. Happy early birthday to Dale. Thanks, Leo's mom. Yes. To clarify, Dale will not be 80. The temperature will be 80. That's right. Amara, I'm glad you clarified that cuz I bet some people were confused. Love it. Hi Vicki. Oh, it's cold. Oh man. Oh, I'm melting. I'm thawing out. Oh yeah, there's no line. All right, guys. We're going to go and ride their hand. There's literally no weight right now. And I'm loving this cuz the way the crowds looked out there, I thought it was going to be crazy. Fall thawing out is a good thing. Hi, Heather. All right. Wow. A crazy cat lady, definitely come say hello. We'd love to meet you as well. Shout out the stream, everybody. I am going to be switching the connection here in a second cuz we need a different connection for the land ride. So, just stand by for a second as I do that. I'll wait till we get in the line, though. Look how pretty. Oh, I love how there's like no wait. Hi, Disney fanatic. 5 minutes. All right, guys. BRB going to switch connections. All right, guys. I think we're good. Can I do the front row? Is that all right? Thank you. And we're back. Hi, Kathleen. Awesome. You ready? Welcome to As for your safety. Remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside. Flash photography or using video lights until Thank you. Now sit back, relax and enjoy living. All right, guys. Our trip begins as we sudden changes are sleeping. Searching storm base. Find an enemy to us and to nature. The surface of the moon track Heat. Heat. In the desert, nature has created a very different, if no less beautiful, living system. And while this aid landscape may seem lifeless, it is very much alive. The plants and animals that have learned to survive in these harsh conditions make use of what little water they can find and avoid the scorching rays of the relentless sun. The American prairie once appeared as desolate as the desert. But over time, rainwater and nutrients gradually penetrated the hard surface of this land. Even the hooves of the mighty buffalo helped create the rich soil that would one day become home to the American farm. Of all the forces that work on the land, humans have had one of the We're learning to live with the discovering better ways to grow food that will assure both human and environmental wellbeing. In the farmlands across America, we're learning that by plowing under vegetation containing natural fertilizers, we can enrich the soil without the use of chemicals. In arid regions, we're learning to produce food on desert sea coasts by developing and planting crops that thrive on salt water. In Japan, we're learning that by mixing leaves and other living materials into our soil, we can make farmland more fertile without the need for chemicals. More fertil without the need for chemicals. How will we meet tomorrow's growing needs for food production yet still respect the needs of the land? Some of the answers are being discovered just ahead. To help us maintain these carefully controlled ecosystems and for your safety, please remain seated in your boat at all times. Welcome to our living laboratory where scientists from Epcot and the US Department of Agriculture are exploring innovative ways to produce wonderful harvests now and into the future. The tropics are home to the greatest diversity of plants on the planet. Many of these like papaya, bananas, cacao, coffee, and rice are well known around the world. These are just a few of the edible plants that have been an important source of nutrition for people living in the tropics. Many are rich in vitamins and minerals, while others are well adapted to growing in less than ideal conditions. Some, like the water lily, thrive in wet, swampy areas and waterways. All parts of this plant, even the flower petals, are edible. The starchy root of the plant has long been used to make flour for baking. One day, many of these lesserknown tropical plants may be as important as the bananas growing on both sides of the boat. And more than 28 million tons of bananas are eaten annually, making it the most popular fruit in the world. Yeah, when you mention farming, you probably don't think of fish, but fish farming or aquaculture accounts for nearly half of all the consia like the one you see here are the more popular crops to raise the farms. The sustainable system here recycles the water in the tanks. As a result, we're able to save millions of gallons each year. Our small fish produces nearly 5,000 lbs of fish each year to serve in restaurants. Innovation like this can play an important role in our efforts to produce valable harvests and still protect natural resources. While there are more than 50,000 edible plant species in the world, most of us are only familiar with the handful that make up our everyday diet. The common grains growing here, wheat, maize, sorghum, and millet, plus rice, account for nearly 2/3 of our global food consumption. Learning how to increase yields of these staples is an important goal of research around the world. Oh no, that's the lemon. NB lemon. These plants are definitely on their way up. Innovative growing techniques like these increase yields while more efficiently using resources like water, fertilizer, and pesticides. Another innovation at work here is our integrated pest management program. By populating our green houses with beneficial insects that prey on harmful pests like aphids and flies, we are significantly reducing our reliance on conventional pesticides. We're growing these crops using our nutrient film system. This technique precisely controls and recycles water and nutrients. With it, we can produce over 27,000 heads of lettuce a year in this one small area. Yeah. Some of our best ideas have been inspired by nature, like these fruit and vegetable trees. By growing these ground plants vertically, we can increase yields and better control diseases. These crops taste as good as they look. In fact, we serve more than 15 tons of produce from our green houses and restaurants here at the land every year. The future of agriculture may include innovative ideas like this vertical growing system. Plants grown in this way use a fraction of the space required by traditional growing that saves water and increases production. The aquaponic system on your left combines hydroponic with aquaculture. The fish provide a natural source of fertilizer for the plants and the plants help keep the water cool. It's another great way to use more while using less. In our lab, cut scientists are working with the US Department of Agriculture on a number of innovative projects. The goal in these efforts is to produce higher yielding and better quality plants. Maybe your hands and feet inside the room. These green houses represent just a fraction of the work being done worldwide to produce valuable harvests for our growing population. Scientists, farmers, and even backyard gardeners are doing their part to improve the quantity and quality of foods that we all rely upon. Together, we can continue to find more ways to increase food production and protect our precious natural environment. only live in the land on behalf of we hope you enjoy this journey to our living closer look and check out behind the scenes while you are in close and growing station in our laboratory. Please keep your hands and feet inside the boat and remain seated until the boat comes to a complete stop. For your safety, please remain yellow line until stop. Welcome to Living with Please for your remain seated with your hands arms. That was fun. Always a good time on the land. I know. I love this building, too. It's so fun to come in here. It's very nostalgic. Loved coming in here as a kid as well. Hey, Blueos, thank you for taking us on to the land. You're so welcome. We're going to do the stairs. Hey Ollie Roger, welcome in if you're just joining us. Love the Garden Grill. They have a good breakfast and a good lunch and dinner. Hopefully we can get back there soon. I can smell the pancakes or waffles. I'm not sure what they are, but either way, they're delicious. Hi, Caleb. Hello, Tim. Tim got here just in time for the pan flute. Perfect timing, Tim. One less hour. Perfect timing. Hi, Tinker Tail. John, good morning from beautiful San Diego. You have nice weather there today. What is my favorite ride? Uh, my favorite ride at Epcot is Guardians of the Galaxy. My favorite ride, goodness, overall is probably Guardians of the Galaxy with a side of People Mover and Haunted Mansion Pirates. Um, yeah, it's hard. I also love Flight of Passage. I love Saurin. I love all the rides pretty much. I mean, not all of them, but most of them. Well, welcome in, guys. Before uh I forget, let's chat about our awesome sponsor, mickeyras.com. mickeytras.com. They will help you book your trip right here to Walt Disney World. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself. They help you plan for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com. Also, go check out mickeyblog.com for all of the latest Disney news. You have Garden Grill book. That's awesome, Nikki. That's amazing. Oh, the weather today um it does look beautiful. You can tell people are all bundled up. It was um a low of 40 this morning. Felt like 37, I think, or 35. I don't know. It's cold. The wind is cold. It uh it was 70 something yesterday. We got a cold front come through. It dropped to 50 and then it went down from there. This morning we have a a temperature gauge in our bathroom and um this morning our bathroom was reading 58 degrees. So yeah, it was chilly this morning. Going to go look for our friend. See where she's at. She's not done yet. We might go into the communicore hall. It's at 45 right now. Yeah, it's going to warm up. It's supposed to get up to 57 today. Hopefully, the wind will die down. That will help. The wind is a big factor. And when you're at Epcot, the wind is always more windy. Does that make sense? Yeah. Let's go in here. Why not? So, if you guys missed it, on Friday I had a media event. Big thanks to Disney for inviting us out to that. So, I got to check this out before anybody else did. Um, so it was very cool. Thank you again. So nice and so blessed that we get to do that. This is from Beauty and the Beast on Broadway. Look at the table. Hey, Dad. How are you? Yes. Happy Martin Luther King Day. That's so cool in person, isn't it? Yeah. Amazing. But yeah, I did a whole reel in here. So, if you guys missed it, go back and check it out. I don't know. They They're beautiful though, aren't they? I'd love to try one on. My favorite is probably this one. They're all pretty, though. We're just going to do a quick little walk through. I did a whole uh real as well. Yes. Go. IU. Hello from southern Indiana. Where you at in southern Indiana newsies? Yes. Disney on Broadway is back. Dale's so excited for the Indiana game tonight. And Josh is as well and and dad, I'm sure. So she was trying a That's awesome. Crazy cat lady. Love it. Hi penguin family. Hi Cron. All the costumes. Look how amazing this is. All right, guys. Well, I think we're going to head out if we can get out. Oh, sorry. They do have the festival of the art stuff in here. We'll check that out in the other shop as well. I can't see. Holy moly. Okay. Hi, Rebecca. I'll be there at the end of next month. And I'll miss Festival of the Arts by a few days. Oh no. Festival of the Arts is one of my favorite festivals. I would say it's probably it's right below Flower and Garden. Like right below it cuz I love it so much. I love checking out all the art. I love how they make the food look very artsy. It's just amazing. Oh, are you from Evansville? That's amazing. That's super cool. Yeah, we went to Evansville all the time. Oh, wow. How pretty. I always love this. Here, Dad. This is your next table. Me too, chicken dog. Me, too. from the rest of so pretty. Hi Stacey. My favorite is Flower and Garden, but Festival of the Arts is a close close second. Hi, good morning Aaron. Oh, wow. Look at this. We'll be in uh Orlando in a few weeks. That's awesome. Tim says, "Can't wait to get there and buy stuff and and eat. Buy buy the merch and buy the food." So pretty. I'll be there Friday. I've been watching lots of your videos. Oh, that's awesome. You're from the UK. Thanks for watching the videos. We appreciate it. A Wow, look at that. Amazing. Flower and garden. I think starts in early March, I believe. Yeah. Yeah, I haven't tried a lot of food items either. Um, I tried two on the stream and I think that was it. But or did I try three things? Now I can't remember, but I'm ready for some more. Oh, I know. Aren't pretty, right? With um the singers from Broadway. Amazing. I guess we'll walk through the Epcot Garden here. Josh. Um, he's at home today. He's at home. He doesn't normally come with me on Magical Mondays. Josh and I do our own streams sometimes. So, he does Tuesdays, I do Mondays, he does Saturdays, sometimes I do Wednesdays, and then Fridays we try to do together. This Friday I will not be there though because it's Dale's birthday. So, I'm going to be hanging out with Dale on Friday. The Darkwing Duck one. Wasn't that fun? Yeah, the Aladdin one was really good. So, if you guys missed it um on Friday, I got to check out the uh Broadway show thanks to Disney again and we got really close seats and I had put it on our stories. I'll have to save it as a um save it to our stories so that you guys can still watch it. Um, but yeah, so if you guys follow Dale and I on Adventures of Jenna and Dale, um, first of all, if you if you aren't, go go check us out. Go subscribe to Adventures of Jenna and Dale. We do all sorts of adventures over there. We have not posted any videos yet this year. Um, it's just been kind of hard, you know, with Chloe um, our fur baby passing. Today is 4 weeks and I still am can't believe it. Um, but we want before we post anything else, at least hope I know Dale's got a video ready. Um, I don't think he's going to post it today. He might, but um, I really do want to post a video about Chloe before we post anything else. And just yeah, just talk about her and thank all you guys and how amazing you were during that hard time. And I mean, still hard time. Hi, how are you? Did Josh talk to you too much about doing the Dis? He for you guys? He might have. And I think I told him I was I I wasn't able to, but I'm not sure. Was it uh recent that Yeah. Yeah. I texted you guys a couple times. I Okay. Okay. I'm sorry. Yeah. I thought he was going to get back to you. But yeah, thank you for the invite. That is just I know when it gets cold like this, I know you don't like it, so it's okay. Yeah. Thank you. No, I appreciate it. Yeah, there is a lot going on with everything. So, but we do love the invites, so sometimes we can come. But, uh, my wife does quilts. I thought about doing a couple quilts for the for the Oh, give it the world. Oh, that'd be amazing. A couple would be good. Any type of themeing you want. Um, I I'm sure people would love Disney themed, you know, Yeah, that'd be so cool. However, do Yeah, you can um you can always get, you know, get a hold of Corey or Steve. Steve does the all the auction stuff. Okay. So, um, he can get that put up for you at Seas World. Yeah. Yeah. Once again, that's so sweet of you. Well, you have a good day. Hope it warms up a little bit. Thank you. I know. I hope so for you, too. We're from the We're from New York, so this is warm. So, you're fine. Okay. You're like, "Yeah." Yeah. This is much warmer than home. So, Well, good. Awesome. Have a good day. Thank you. You, too. Enjoy your day. Bye. Thank you, Heather. Thanks, guys. Thank you. You're so sweet. Um, But yeah, so we're we're we're really wanting to do a whole video about her and and just talk about everything and, you know, let you guys know how much we appreciated all the love and the support, you know, all the support you're still giving us. Um, she was our baby, our child. So, it's it's been hard. Um, but anyway, we do want to do that video. I also want to post some pictures of her, some videos on that one, or I might do it as a whole separate one, just like a little tribute to Chloe. So, uh, so yeah, hopefully we can get that done soonish and put that out on Adventures of Jenn and Dale. So, stay tuned for that coming soon. And then after that, we'll just keep posting some more videos. So, on there. And, uh, we do have some vacations that we're wanting to go on um, now that, you know, we can leave now. We weren't able to leave because of Chloe, which we didn't mind at all, of course, but now we're able to travel. So, um, we're going to take some trips here soonish as soon as we can find some that we are wanting hopefully a cruise soon. So, stay tuned and that'll all be over on Adventures of Denendale. So, thanks for being patient with us since we haven't been able to post any videos over there. Holy, holy, it's hot in the Epcot Starbucks. Everybody wants hot coffee. Um, okay. I'm looking for Ivonne. Oh, I just spoiled it. It's Ivonne. Sorry, guys. Look at this. I've not seen this line this long in a while. However, it is cold, so I kind of get it. Oh, you're welcome, Stacey. You're so welcome. That's right, Pam. Thanks, everybody. You guys are so kind. Like I said, all I haven't even gotten through all the messages yet on Instagram. Uh, so if I didn't message you back, I apologize. Um, I could only read a few at a time and they were so sweet. Um, but yeah, I really we really appreciated all your love and support. So, thanks. Thanks, guys. All right, 42 here and I want to go to the store, but thinking it's just better if I stay inside. I am with you, Christopher. Stay inside if you can. I don't want to go too far cuz you know how it is. The the stream's um behind just a little bit and um so if I move too much, then she's not going to be able to find me. Swim the other way. The frozen Coke line. Oh my goodness. No frozen Coke for me. Hi, Annette. Good morning, Smooth Joy. Let's see. Let's just call her. It'll probably be quicker and easier. I was in Starbucks looking for you. Oh my word. Okay, I'll meet you by Walt. Okay. Okay. All right. Bye. Oh no. I won't thought I was still over my picnic. Okay. We're going to meet at Walt. It's a good meeting spot. Oh my goodness. Christopher Christopher Black just sent a $50 super chat. Says you need a warm Starbucks, maybe a hot chocolate. Thank you so much, Christopher. That's so sweet. So kind of you. Thank you. Thank you. Definitely need a hot beverage. That's for sure. It's like, where's Waldo? But where's Jenna? Exactly. Good morning, Josh the Disney dad. Thank you so much, Christopher. Too sweet. Oo, my eyes are watering. And that's how windy and chilly it is. Does Ivonne know where Walt is? She said we at Roy/Walt. If you guys weren't here that one day I was with Ivone and she thought Walt was Roy. We're like Tim and I were like uh no. So funny. Every time you talk about Chloe, I cry remembering my 18-year-old princess who crossed the Rainbow Bridge eight months ago. So sorry for the loss. A Linda. Oh my goodness. Eight 18 years. That is amazing. So sorry for your loss as well. Get more than one. Sounds good. Thanks, Christopher. I shall. Yay. Thank you. You're the bestest. I kept looking on the stream. I'm like, where is she? Where is she? I need that marks. Too funny. We're good. They were We Yes, we're all good now. Thanks, guys. Um, well, shall we shop while we have coffees? Absolutely. Okay, let's see. Actually, um, let's find this table over here real quick. Shopping. Yeah, I saw I was ninja watching. Was that your Valentine's present? I mean, he used that excuse. Yes, that's the excuse. So, no Valentine. I mean, that's a great Valentine's gift. What am I saying? No. Let's go over here. Oh, you're good. That's an amazing Valentine's gift. Dale, did you see what Ivonne got for Valentine's? Um, I'm going to sit here for one second. D, did you see? Are you sitting just for one second? Maybe two cuz I need to get my uh my medicine so I can drink this. My lactade. Oh, yes. You want me to hold? Sure. Guys, say hi. Hi to Ivon. Your nails are gorgeous. He did a great job on my nails. Amazing. Hello, friends. Is this chair wet or cold? It was just cold. Okay. Very, very cold. It is a cold day today. Good morning, Plymouth Rock. What a good friend to come in the freezing cold with me today. It's all right. I mean, my life is insane right now. Oh my goodness. So, I needed a day at Epcot. Yay. Me, too. I needed to treat myself around the world. Love it. Does that mean we're buying merch in each? I love that idea. Valentine's Day. It is. I like that. Hello. And then my backpack doesn't want to stay on my coat. Oh, yeah. The whole thing. It looks heavy, too. Is it heavy today? My backpack? Not too bad. I just bought a big one so I can squish my coat in there. Coat in there. Yeah, I left my big coat in the car. Absolutely. I did and then I went back and got it. It was colder here than it was at my house. It is cold. It's a win. Surprised? Yeah. All right. Okay. The hat is cute. Have you seen the hat? Um, yeah. That's super adorable. I showed them this morning. It matched my Mhm. hoodie. I got it at Magic Kingdom. It's so cute. Thank you. I love yours, too. I almost wore that one, but I was like, "This matches my Yeah, it does. sweatshirt." Hi, Dana. Passion before comfort. That's right. Hi, my cricket girl. Thanks for 1400 in the chat. Appreciate you guys joining us on this magical Monday. Let's go see what's new in the shop. So much. I know. And then the other thing I want to do is of course go around World Showcase looking at the art and stuff. Yes. But in each pavilion, they have a character or two painted for that pavilion. So I want to go and find those. Oh, right. I know where a few of them are, but Hi, Shadow Dragon. Mhm. Hi, Julie. Love when you were with Mama Maps. Have a fantastic time. Thank you. I love it, too. Yeah. No, but they do a Valentine ones. You've seen those, right? No. Oh, those are cute. The hearts. Yeah. Oh, Minnie. Yeah, they have Minnie with a pink bow. That's adorbs. And then they have Minnie. I was a little aggressive. Get out of there, Minnie. Then they have the heart. And Mickey too with little heart eyes. Has heart eyes. Hi Bob saying hello from blizzard conditions. Oh my goodness. And Northwest Ohio. Be careful. Street Valentine. That's adorable. So I got Minnie and a heart. A Oh, and that's them on the back. Oh, yep. All the things. I know. Aren't they cute? I love that. What is my favorite festival of the arts food pavilion? You know, Jen, I haven't tried them all yet. So, I've only tried two things and they are both good. Grilled cheese and tomato soup. And I tried the beef Wellington. Got to love the beef Wellington. They also have the festival um of the art stuff back here. Do you see the chip and nail shirt? I have not seen that yet. Isn't it adorable? I know. I kind of want it. You don't have that yet? Not yet, but I want it. Do y'all decorate for Valentine's Day? Usually I don't, but I actually bought a couple things this year. Oh, look at this shirt. It's very princess and I love it. I love the off to the ball. I know. Too short for me. With a blue tutu. Like I just feel like that's a tutu shirt. That is cute for the princess race. That'd be perfect. Oh, wedding. Mhm. I'm so sorry. All right. To the festival merch. To the festival. Are those the ears I cried over? No, those are No, these are for the festival. Aren't they pretty? Those are cute. The bow comes off. Yeah. What do you think? Are those the ears I cried over? That's crazy. I've never cried over a pair of ears until now. They're really pretty. Those are beautiful. And it says, I think, Festival of the Arts on the back. It does. Oh, sorry. I was so intrigued at the front. No, you're fine. They're Loungefly, so I think they're $39.99. Usually Lounge Flies are No, $44.99. Oh, there we go. $44.99. Yep. Oh, yeah. You'll be burning up the platinum in American Express. Hello, Jess. I know. It's It's a very cute bag. It'd be like a cute pencil bag or makeup bag. Oh, I like pencil bag. I like what you're thinking. Yep. Pencil bag. Art bag. Bag bag. It's a bag bag. It's really cute. I know. It is really cute. Right. Of course you can. It can be a side bag or a backpack. I love it so much. And it's so big. It is so big. It's really cute. Look at him. He's painting the world. As he should. He should. You deserve a merch day. Thank you, Kelly. I am with you. Not your I was like, what? Not your Kelly. I told you he was being creepy lately. Yeah. You said he was buying stuff without even like I know, right? I'm like, but he said no. I'm like And then he had this grid that that grid. Okay. Like there's a catch later. Yeah. No catch yet though. You just don't know really. None. Okay. I mean, we've been dealing with some drama, but but no catch yet. So, I'm gonna do this eventually. Mom wants to do this with me. So, the festival and I know it's a sticker by number is your prize. Is that all right? I know what I need to do. Mhm. I know what I need to do. That's going to be happening. Yeah. And these are the options for your paint by number. I want the figment painting the world. Yeah. That is cute. I like that. So cute. It is very cute. I love that so much. Me, too. Can I have 20 of them, please? 21. So much fun with that. So glad Figment has made such a return over the past decade. Love everything about Figment. Oh, that's fun. That fun. A little sketchbook. Good morning, Mary. Oh my gosh. Hope to meet you ladies on our next trip home in June. We'd love that. Absolutely. Little photo frame. Put your picture in there. little little picture in there. Got your corksicles and your ornaments. Why do I love this so much? Cuz it's really cute. I mean, it really is. Mhm. Did you see the popcorn bucket? Yes. It's pigment. Yes. It has a paintbrush and he's wearing a beret. And did you know you can take the paintbrush out? Stop it. And it lights up. That's one reason I want it. I literally just want the paintbrush that lights up. I have the other two Figment Popcorn Bucks. I have the original. I don't have that. If they would just sell the pop the light up paintbrush. I'd be all over that. Hey, I hear that there's some uh freeze-dried Skittle treats. Yes, too. There he is in the imag or in the Odyssey. Oh, there he is. I know. Isn't he cute? Living his best artist life, right? Yes, he is. I love how they put his beret over his should. So cute. Adorable. Little bow tie. Oh, do they have all the merch, the festival merch on the Disney store? That's awesome. It could be a flashlight. But you know what it reminds me of? So when I was a kid, we came here of course all the time and one of our favorite rides was the original Figment and at the end they had a little play area upstairs which is now a BBC area but play area for the kids. So we would spend so much time up there. There was like you walk through this rainbow tunnel. Um there was like a musical thing you play with. But the thing I remember is you would get a light up paintbrush and there was a screen in front of you and you would paint it with this paintbrush somehow. I don't know how it worked. Wow. As a kid, it was magical. Oh, absolutely. That would be magical. I mean, I'd like it now. Who am I kidding? But um so that's what it reminds me of. And I want that. I want the tushy. I want the pen. I want the bag. It's really cute. Somebody not happy. So So you need all the things is what you're saying. Okay. Count me in on the festival. I am down. Love it. I really love that bag. I cannot get it out of my head. Mhm. Good morning, proud patriot. Did I tell you I got two Dalmatians finally? Did you? I'm so glad. I'm glad you finally did. Thanks to Tim. So, I got one and Tim bought one just in case. And then he we both got Dalmatians, different ones, and then he gave me his. A very sweet. So, I got two. So, how many are there? There are I know there's 101 Dalmatians that, but how many different I got these two. Okay. I did not get total the or I have him too. Yeah, five. Okay. I don't think there's a chaser. I don't Yeah. Contains one of five. Okay. Oh, duh. Read it. Read read. Did I tell you what happened though with my um Pluto Wishable? So, they have a World Showcase Wishable set and they're in like different outfits from around the countries. I wanted Pluto so bad. I love doggies. and he had a beret, so he was dressed as a little French a French doggy and um I got it literally first box. So excited. This was a week ago today. Okay. Sharon and I were walking around the world and everything and then I we were getting ready to leave walk out and there was Pluto to meet and greet and she goes, "Oh, you should take a picture with your Plute. Where's Pluto?" They I attached him here. I lost him. Please tell me Disney did some magic. No. No, they didn't. It was so sad. I also love that outfit. I know. Isn't that cute? I was so sad. So, I went and bought another one. Ding. Oh, Jenna. I got Dale, which is pretty cool. But, all right. Well, now we have a mission. Now we have a mission. Somebody But the They did tell me to fill out a lost and found thing, but I'm just guessing a kid picked it up and had a 100% had a I'm hoping if if it's a good They needed it. Right. Exactly. 100%. If it was a nice kid that will treat it well, I don't mind. Right. Exactly. Oh, the Valentine cup. No. Oh, there. What? Oh, that's new. Dad says, "The love dalmatations. We had domations when I was growing up." That's right, Dad. Oh my gosh. It has words on it. My greatest adventure sweetheart. Love this car. Cute castle. Oh my gosh, this is adorable. They match your nails, by the way. Oh yeah, it does. Okay. It's meant to be. It's meant to be. That's an add to cart. Oh, look at that. You break it, you buy it. No, it's fine. It's fine. Hi, Darl and Victoria. Hello from Germany. Hi, Melanie. Oh, I might need that. That is really, really cute. And um it's not breakable. It's not breakable. Now we know. So, this I need in a cup. Perfect days left. Well, we need it for today to keep our coffees warm. Oh, good call. And if it had a hook on the on the top, it'd be even better. Hook it to your bag. I mean, my husband has a drill. Mhm. We could do We could look. I mean, a kind of We could do a drill hole right here. Put a carabiner on there. Boom. Done. There you go. Boom. Done. Yeah. I like that. Just bought the pajamas that match the heart tumbler. There's pajamas. Pajamas. Can you wear them to the park? Totally. Are they sparkly? Are you I know, right? I like this hoodie, too. know you're fine. They know it's cold. They're bringing them out. Oh, sorry. Oh, hello. I'm loving all the cups they have right now. I got my Fantasy Land trash can. You got your what? Fantasy land trash can yesterday or whenever you were the other day. Saturday. Yeah. What day was that? Saturday. Saturday. A I still need it. I want to go to Springs though and get it so I can get Jelly Bellies. Oh, okay. I was like, wait, is Spring better? Yeah, they have jelly bellies and um uh runts. I do love me some runts. Isn't that cute? Speaking of trash cans, I know, right? I'm done. No more touching. You're not touching. I need No more. Oh, look at this one. Now I know I'm a mom. I put my hands behind my back and to the store. You just need your coffee. It's cute, too. I love it. People wear PJs to the park. Yeah, they do. I saw two people in onesies this morning. Did you? Well, it's kind of nice weather for a onesie. Mark. Dad got this. But you should have that, right? I can't wait till Disneyland. It does. What does it Does it light up? No, cuz it has like a little arrow. Oh, like a where? Oh, does that just mean front? Is that for the I don't think that's supposed to be there. All right. Dad didn't have one. Was that a monsters canister cup? Yes. And it screams. Isn't it cool? See, I scream. It's really fun. Ivonne is demonstrating. Yes. And make the lightsaber noise. Yeah, they do. Really? They do. Isn't that cool? I don't think it made the noise. It did? No, I heard heard. Did it? Okay. It was delayed. I promise it was delayed. Let's go see if they have new ears. And then maybe we need cake for breakfast. Well, I do have a treat for you in my bag. A treat? Well, thank you. A normal Starbucks treat. Oh, nice. Oh, great. Fluffy ears. I know. Aren't those pretty? So classy. Mhm. They'd go with anything. Yeah, Kelly. They go with Guten Morgan. Robert, how are you? That's what I said about the ears that I cried over. Good morning, Jessica. The ears you cried over. Well, they have the Tinker Bell ones back. I think I'm going to go get my white ears um personalized this week. I can't wait. Are you doing a boyfriend, Chloe? I'm going to do them all for Chloe. I love that so much. I'm so excited. Do you have these, Ivan? I do not. They're very classy. Oh, they're little dots. Hi, Shannon. These are cute. I didn't even see the dots. Yeah, I know. Ain't that cute? Yeah. You also probably need one of those. I mean, you are, Mom. What do I smell? Did you see this new skirt jersey? Strawberry. Yes. With the pearls. Yes. It's amazing. Love it. with the new pink ears. Oh, yeah. Uh-huh. But it's a No, it's $90. But man, look at that. I know. It's gorgeous. And it's a pretty pink color. Hi, Catalina. Hi, Aly Cats. That's right. Mega Byron. 100%. Love it. Love it. Love it. Oh, look at these earrings. Doip. Look at these. Okay, I'm loving all of these. Strawberry shortcake. That's what it looks like. Small world. And then there's ears. For your ears. What? Look at these dangles. Oh, those are pretty. Those are so cute. I like those. I still do not have a pair of Disney earrings other than my Minnie Mouse. Oh, wait. No, my parent bought me a Mini and Mickey. Um, but they have a matching matching earrings. I was like, matching earrings? He goes, "Too soon." I said, "Too soon." It's fine. I mean, if I were you, I would probably get the cheap ones first. Try them out. Make sure you don't lose them. You see, they have Jiminy Cricket. But your conscience be your guy. Isn't he cute? He's cute. I wonder how that spirit jersey would wash. Yeah, good question. Inside out on delicate. Yeah, agreed. You could shop all day with us. Oh, thanks, Amy. It's fun to shop. That's a good thing to keep when you're at like I do love this pink bag. It's very valentiny. I didn't see Gusgus. That's not Gusgus. He's not. No, he's a meal from Emil. That's right. I do have Gusgus though. Don't take Did you see these ears? These are cute. We've got all the things. Well, and Daisy and Donald's happy. What? He's actually happy. Oh my goodness. Donald and Pluto's on there and Chip and Dale. Sorry, I just seen the green thing on the back. No, you're fine. I love the blue and Mickey bar. And it actually it goes with your jacket right now. Guess what today is? Today is Monday. National Popcorn Day. So, we're getting maple popcorn. Is that what you're saying? Did I tell you what I found at HomeGoods the other day? What? Pickle popcorn. God. And I bought it. And uh Dale didn't want any. So, yay. You would be safe with your pickle popping around me. I figured. Just saying. I figured. This is cute. And it's got one of those little clippies. It does. I love mine. Do you Oh, you have the Minnie Mouse one. I do. I just wish the clippy was a little bit bigger, but I love it. Is it heavy is when you fill it up? It just encouraged you to drink your water so it's not so heavy. There you go. I also love this mug with the Montreal handle. Okay. Kelly and I had a discussion about this cup. Okay. So, you're sitting in bed. Okay. In bed. Why would you drink coffee in bed? You don't drink coffee in bed? No. Who's weird here? Me or you? You. So, you're watching TV. Okay. Your husband hands you your coffee because the handle naturally Oh, I'm like, why would you pour it on yourself? I would be distracted and go. It's really good, Robert. Cuz it Okay. See, I haven't actually held it. The handle is here. I'll hold the thing. Okay. Thanks. Okay. All right. Did she find that Toy Story or is she going? See? Oh, I see what she's saying. It does lean this way. I would dump it all down the front of me. Not Not once either. No, I Okay. I I Every time I see this now. You don't drink coffee in bed. I do not. I drink it on the couch. We need a poll in the chat. Yeah, I would actually want Yeah, let's uh surely I'm not the only one. Hi, Sean Rogers. I drink coffee in bed when studying scriptures. She is me, me is her. That's a pretty cool coffee mug. Do they have a little bell you rang and the pool boy brings you the coffee? Sean wants to know. The pool boy. No, him does not. Coming from the UK, looking at end of May, is that a busy time? Yes, cuz it's the um a lot of the schools get out around the end of May, uh beginning of June. So, yeah, it's it's usually a busy time, honestly. But there's really the time is busy. Yeah, maybe this week uh at the end of this week and next week might be a little slower, but not that much. Hi, Douglas. Definitely coffee in bed. Okay, no coffee in bed. I drink it right before bed even. My brain is wired. Oh, no. I drink coffee at Starbucks. Only have coffee in bed occasionally. I have never had coffee in bed. Really? But we also don't have a TV in our room. Starbucks. Oh, see we do. Yeah, we do not. We watch the news and drink our coffee in bed. That's just a thing. Coffee in bed would require me to get out of bed to get the coffee. That's what Kelly's for. That's what Kellyy's for. Tim, you need a Kelly apparently. Yeah, you do. I drink hot tea in bed on occasion. No coffee, just tea for me. All right, let's go see what's So, there was a whole meme thing about coffee versus tea and two birds. It is hysterical. Like, which one's better or what? No, like a like they showed the bird. I wish I could find it. Um, they show the bird like so a bird on tea is like this. Okay. The bird's like dancing the music, right? And then you have your bird that drinks coffee. This is amazing. It was great. You were like one of those things that blow in the wind at the car at the car dealers. Oh my goodness. I eat there's your entertainment for the day. I love it. Oh, look at these. There's Mr. Toad. Disneyland. Is that a sign that we need to go? Well, we Oh. Oh. Oh, now I see what you're seeing. Isn't that cool? I like the Figment one, too. Yeah, for sure. No worries. Disneyland Hotel. It's a sign, Jenna. It is a sign. I'm ready. I also love that Orange Bird one with the sunnies on. Stacy said that was too funny. They're all cracking up. Hi, Dat Disney family. You're my funnest with my coffee. Um, well, we can't write Tron cuz Tron is not here. Also, I don't have a thing to stream on. Oh, there you go, Kelly. Hi, Leaf. Oh, let's go see if the Lana cards are available today. You can get a free pack of Lurana cards. Let's go see. This is um and they they sell out or not sell out, but they they go away quickly. What's the word I'm looking for? Run out. That's the word. Thank you. run out. Limited supply. There we go. There. The line doesn't look bad at all, actually. These are all people looking at their cards. Okay. And then you can trade the cards. All right. Let's go see. Oh, yeah. Look, they're handing them out. Okay, let's let's do this. Wait, there's no line. There is no line. Do we have two passholders? No. This is for anybody. Thank you so much. Thank you. This is cool. All right. So, how do you get more packs? Well, let's find a place. Actually, you know what? Let's go into the um how do we get over there? Let's go over to the Odyssey to a table and then we can open them. We did it, guys. Here. Right here. We'll go across the bridge. And then we'll open our packs and then there's a scavenger hunt in the book. Yeah. Thank you. That we put the stickers on. We have to find the cards and then once you find them, then you go somewhere and get a free card. Oh, how fun is that? Another free card. Okay. It's a fun little scavenger hunt around World Showcase. That's so cool. And it's free. That's And it's free. And then there's a Lorana lounge in the Morocco where you can go and trade with others. There's a board to trade. That's amazing. That might be a spot where you pick up your free one, too. I'm not sure. But now this is something that I will have to start collecting. They have a whole collector's box and if you buy the collector's box, you get a free stitch. That's the only way you can get the stitch loca. They have they have the whole 204 cards in one box. Oh, is that what it is? I don't know. There I asked the people that were training over there. They said there 204 cards out there total. Okay, that's a lot. That's too much for me. Well, yeah. And the the the thing is $50. That's it. For the box of cards. That's not bad, right? I don't think that's bad. I probably not. I don't know. But I I thought it was a little pricey for for for me. Um let's go in here. We'll find a table and then we'll open them up. What? Oh yeah, I lost them. It went down a thousand. E, they're frozen. Michaela said her Wi-Fi wasn't working either and she lives in a veto. So, okay, we're back. Good. I think it's cuz I forgot to take it off the Wi-Fi. That was my fault. Okay, guys. So, let's watch Ivone open. Open it. Yes. Let's see what Ivone gets. This is an un carding. That's the scavenger hunt. And then the locations. We're back. Thanks, guys. So, we go around and find them. They're giant Lorana cards all around. And then you stick them on that map. Okay. Hi, Chandler. All right. Oh, you get a lot. Yeah. All right. Who'd you get? I got uh Susie Cinderella's mouse. Tana. Okay, that's her name. Tana. Tana. I watched the Starlight Parade for the first time Saturday. Oh, at this special moment, I lost my mind. Oh, really? During the flame. Oh. Uh, who is that? Oh, that's Hero from Big Hero 6. He's the main character besides Baymax. Also, another thing to look for, I will tell you what are rare cards. Um, I think they're triangles. Those are, um, if he has a circle, it's a normal card. They were teaching us. Robin Hood. Robin Hood. Who you got there? Soldiers. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Alice from Alice Wonderland. Jafar. Jafar. That's the circle. Ooh, I think that's a little more rare. Lady Cluck. Actually, I'm not reading that one. Lady Cluck. Okay. Oh, she was from Brother Bear. That one. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, whoops. Um, Anger Coil. I can't like I'm having trouble reading him. So, uh, Amber. Huh. I don't know where she's from. She also has that different look there. The Phantom Block. All right. I have my villain going on right now, for sure. What is that symbol? Is that the triangle you're talking about? Yes, that's a rare card. Oh, that's from Brother Bear, too. Okay, that's exciting. The queen. You do have Oh, wait. What is this symbol, guys? Yeah, that's a different symbol. Does anybody know? That's cool. Oh, sorry. And I got Lady A. Wait, here's one more. Mirabel. Ooh, she's sparkly. Do you see how this card shines more than this card? Oh, yeah. That's cool. All right. Okay, let me uh my card reveal. I have got to take my coat off. I am hot now. Oh, good, Victoria. It's kind of fun, isn't it? Legendary rarity. Wait, what's that's a super rare one. What? Wait, which one? Tim, that's a lot of cards. Dining at Disney says, I am hot. Just one. Don't worry. We'll go back outside. You'll be fine. Wait. Okay. What? Which card was legendary rarity? Help us. Just help us, guys. Is this going to be your new pin collecting? No. Maybe. It is kind of fun. Yeah. And we'll continue on our track. I know, Shannon. I love the music, too. Isn't it great? The one right before the foil. Okay, go back to your cards. It was the uh that one, I think. The queen or no? Or it was the bear. The bear. It was the bear. This one. Yeah, I think it's this one. Which one, guys? The bear or the queen? The gold octagon looking one. That one. Triangle. So, maybe it's that one. This one. Hey, David. Welcome in. I didn't see you there. Yeah, it is fun. The queen. You got an ultra rare one. Don't get rid of it. All right, let's open mine. It's fun that Disney gives these just gives these to anybody. But but it's brilliant marketing because now I'm like, "Oh, man. Now I got I need to collect the parts." Now you're hooked. Now I've got It is brilliant marketing. I'm taking a 3minute break from building mouse trap cars for physics. Okay, I see. That sounds fun. How did you open this? Like a bag of chips. Oh, like a bag of chips. Like this way. Yeah. Can we open it for you? Yes. Hi, Crystal. I teach first grade. That's what I'm here for. Yes, Mrs. Myers. Please. Thanks, Mrs. Myers. skills. It's all about skills. My brother's in Epcot today. That's awesome. Okay, guys. Let's see what I have. Oh, you bring the thing back here to get your free card right there. That's what they're doing. Yeah. After you complete your thing. Yes. Actually, it says in your book. Open it up to the front of the book there. You can do your cards first then. Okay. Um Okay. So, sorry. No, you're fine. Look, guys. I have Trusty. Oh, wait. Is he from uh Lady in the He's cute. Um I have Treasure Guardian. Oh, this is from um Aladdin. It's like the cards they used to have at Magic Kingdom. Yes, it is. I have Draella. I know. Isn't the music great? Oh, I have Mulan. Wow. I have Robin Hood. Wow. I have the soldiers too from the card soldiers from Alice. I have Jebidiah Farnsworth. No idea where he's from, but here he is. My wife does after school care. She knows what that's like. I've got double trouble. I have her. I have this one already. So, I could trade this one. We'll keep that out. Amethyst coil. I have Pete Pegle Pete. I have Tuka from Moana and I have Madame Medusa. I have no rare. The rarity key equals nine types. Okay. I don't know what that means. And then I have this. Oh, I'm so sorry. Oh my goodness. They do give you a lot per pack. Disneyland has an event like this in a couple. It was a couple months ago. Okay. So, I got no rare ones, but Ivon did. That's amazing. But I have this one that I can trade. So, if we go in the trading area in Morocco, I can trade. Oh, that's cool. How many are in the pack? I think it said 12. 12 in a pack. Jediah Farnsworth is from Atlantis. Okay. Do we like Taylor? Taylor Swift. I do. So does Ivon. Okay. What does it say about how we get um Okay. It says you're on a collection quest. Okay. Find, collect, and trade to complete your quest. Open your booster pack and see which of the four cards below you have and which you still need. I don't have any. Oh, wait. Do I have Oh, you got that one? No, you have that one. Oh, I got that one. Yep. You have that one. I don't think I got any of those. I thought you got that one. Oh, mine are mine are different. Oh, wait. What? Mine are different than yours. But you have grandma. Yeah, you have grandma. You have Mabel. Do we get Do we No, you have Marbel. No, I don't have Marbel. I have grandma. I thought you had Marbel. I don't have Marbel. I have Mulan. Yep. You have Mirabel. Okay. And I have um You also have the Grandma. I don't have any of these. Yeah. You have grandma? Yeah. I need her so I can trade you. Here. I'll trade you. You want the double trouble trade? All right. We're trading. Sure. We're trading. I have I have one that I need now. I have grandma. So, it says, "Open your booster pack to see which of the four cards below have and which ones you still need. Trade with fellow guests to help each other complete your guests. Check the symbols at the bottom of the cards to make sure your trades are fair." Yep, ours were the same. Once you have all the cards you need, show them to a cast member at Illuminers's Lounge in the Morocco Pavilion or Figments Inspiration Station, which is right here at the Odyssey, to receive your Donald Duck. So, I still need three more. I need Toby, Pearl, and the Prince. That's what those people were doing outside of it, right? They were trading for their Okay. Hi, Janette. And then there's the Ink Scavenger hunt. So, you can earn three different cards. You can earn Donald Duck by completing your set. Okay. You can earn Rapunzel by doing the scavenger hunt. And then you can earn Stitch is a gift with purchase with the box. With the box. That's my goodness. Darn it. Okay. We could do the scavenger hunt. That's an easy thing to do. We could do the scavenger hunt. Oh, there's a collecting guide. Oh, tells you all about these things, guys. We're We're diving in deep. Oh, here it shows. Oh, here it shows super rare. Hang on. I think I had a super rare one. It looks like a shell. Enhanced at the bottom. It looks like a shell. I have two two super rare ones cuz I have two shells. So, these apparently are super rare. Common. Common. Common. Uncommon. I've got a couple uncommons. Legendary. Looks like a crown. Sort of. What? Let me see your symbol. Yes, that's a crown. Legendary. That's legendary. There's epic, enchanted, and iconic. All right. Well, dang it. This is This is actually kind of fun now that I know what I'm doing. Hi, Robin. Morocco will let you borrow cards to level up to the next step as long as you turn the cards back to them. Oh, okay. Good to know. So, do you want to see what food they have here before we move on? Sure. Look at it. Actually, do you want me to go look? I can look since you got coffee. Is there something you want? Let's There was cake. There was cake. I mean, you guys got to play. Cake sounds good to me. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. There's also a trade board in the lounge. Yes. Josh and I saw that last time we were in there. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I listened to Taylor's newest album. I have it. But I feel like I would need to get another pack so I had the same of a certain card so that I could trade it. Yep. Like, see, that's how they get you. That's how they get you. Um, y'all are going to make me have a new addiction. The cards look so cool. Aren't they fun? They do look cool. And they don't take a lot of space. That's a problem. It is a problem. Where is this cake? I know. Where is this cake? Cake. Let me go see what they got. There's I want to come on Guardians right now. I know. Cake toast. We always have some sort of sugary rainbow cake. I feel like Yes, that's there's a new Figment one that kind of looks like a Swiss roll. Yeah, those little boys have it. Yeah, it's purple. Do you want one or short? Okay, we'll get We can share if you want to share. I don't have to have my own. I'm saying I don't have to have my own. Well, we'll see how big it is. Unless you want your own, then by all means. We'll see how big it is. Oh, here's my cards. I was like, where did I put my cards? I'm going to put them uhoh. Yeah, I will put this inside back in here so I don't find a nice bend them spot in my bag. I need to bring Oh, sorry, guys. I need to bring a um ziplo or something to keep them all nice. Georgia Peach watching now. Sorry for the beep beep, everybody. Hello, Vicki. I'm going to take this sticky glue off of the back. Okay. All right, guys. I'm going to go get cake if the light. It doesn't look bad. I'm going to leave my back. Is that fine? All right. Do you want me to talk to them? Yes, ma'am. If somebody sits there, you can always move it, but as of right now, you can sit in my chair, too, if you want. Whatever works. Thank you. Absolutely. Couldn't see the board. Boom. Oh, now I see why. There's a person there. Do any of you guys collect the cards already? my favorite Disney princess. So, um actually it's Tiana because I love her story and her the fact that she worked so hard and she showed the world that you have to work hard to get the things that you want. And I love that and I love that message. And I think the whole world needs to to really know and understand that, you know, things aren't just given to you. You have to work hard in life. And that is what Tiana stands for. Card sleeves can stick to the cards over time. Yeah, that's very true. Hi, Ticker Toe John. Greetings, beautiful San Diego. I am a little jealous. Little jealous. It's so cold here in sunny Florida. What did Kelly get for Valentine's Day? Um, I bought him the sweetest thing. You guys can't tell him though. I have a picture of it. So, I bought him this. It's kind of blurry. Um, it is a I don't know if it'll There we go. So, it'll have our names on it. On one side, it's a coin. And then the other side says that. And it comes in a black case that he puts on his um on his key ring. So, it's kind of smooshy and and sentimental, but you know, he um he's in the military and he collects coins and I just thought it was something super sweet and very personal. I've never given him a super sentimental gift before, so it'll be interesting. But yeah, I thought it was sweet. I thought it was sweet. Thank you, Alicats. I got two cakes. Oh, no. I couldn't decide. Let me go get these forks. I haven't even showed Jenna what I got him yet. So, when she comes back, I'll show her. Can't wait for Valentine's. BS is good. Oh, freeze-dried Skittles. I know. What? Jenna found the freeze-dried Skittles. Thank you, Christa Joe. He's at work today, so I felt safe to show you guys, but you can't tell him. It's a secret. You guys got to keep the secret. Two cakes is never a bad thing. You are so right. Thanks, guys. I think he'll cherish it, too. I think he'll really like it. You want to trade the San Diego weather for the Florida weather? Okay, we have four. This is what I did. And it has our like his name and my name on one side and then that's the other side of the coin. And then I got his has a black I did the black case. Okay. Yep. Yep. But that's so cute. Squishy. Smooshy and sentimental. It's very cute. He's going to love it. All right, guys. Let me show you what we're working with here. Here's some napkins for you. You know how to work this gimbal. I got this. Look how cute this is. Wait, I got to get you in there. This is the new one for this year. It's so cute. It's so purple. Assuming it's strawberry flavored cuz I think there's strawberries there. Oh, okay. I'm a guest. Okay. And then we have this freeze- similar to last year, but it's a bun cake. Okay. Last year, I think it was like layers. M this year it's rainbow majesty with the string scales. All the cakes. It's all about the cakes. All the cakes. I'll let you adjust however you would want. Thank you so much. All right, guys. Let's do a It's hot. Like even It is hot with my I'm better now that I took that. Okay, let's cut these in half. I hope you're hungry. Did I do it? It looks amazing. You did it. Let's try this one. And it's even the Figma's home right now. I know. Even better. All right, guys. Let's dig in. Oh, it even feels like a roll. Yeah, a Swiss roll. Oh, that's good. Very sugary, but good. The wing is probably white chocolate. Me. You like it? I do. Mhm. It's good. Yum. And the color is so fun. I know. Okay. I like that. Mhm. I would get again. I would get that again. Mhm. And I would not share with Kelly. Only me. Only you. Okay, Sean. That's amazing. The pickle popcorn. No, sorry. Pickle melted. Did you like that? It wasn't. Um I actually it was okay. See, I didn't like that. The pickle pipple pipple popcorn is delicious. Are my lips purple? that. This is good. They're very good. What was in the uh cone? Chicken. Chicken. It's a waffle cone with chicken. Okay. I know. This is really good. I don't feel like it's overly sweet, though. Me neither. I think that's why I like it. It's like it's sweet, but it's not. Yeah. Sicking sweet. It looks sick and sweet, but it's not. How does it look on the inside? Well, you kind of saw the inside. I'm sorry. I mean, they saw the inside. It's just like the It's like the Swiss roll kind of look. We're devouring. The inside was on the outside. Yeah. And the outside um icing is good, too. Yeah. It's not fondness. And I thought it would be. And the strawberries are amazing. So good. Okay. Don't mind us. We're on a sugar. 10 out of 10. Mhm. That is good. Mhm. Go ahead. Hopefully that is good because this is really good. Hi Tracy. Uh oh. Making a mess. I could sit in here and listen to this music all day. It's not like And it's not too loud. It's overbearing. Mhm. And it's not copyrighted. Oh, beautiful. Even better. Exactly. That was amazing. 10 out of 10. Mhm. I don't think I'm getting a pigment popcorn bucket. I keep telling myself I'm not. And then I see that lid light up. Really not. I see the light up paintbrush and I'm like, dang it. I saw somebody do. Does it turn different colors? The paintbrush? That is a great question, sir. Does the paintbrush on your Figment bucket, does it change colors or is it just one color? No, it's just it comes out. You know what? Okay, that's cool. Amazing. I might need that one. Right. Yeah. This is so much better the way they did it this year, too. So, you can like actually buy them like it was like a mad house the last time they did one of these, right? That's awesome. Love it. I saw somebody do the I'm Jenna and this and you're watching Disney Channel that because that's Oh, that's fun. Right. What they used to do. Yeah. All right. Now, we're going to do this one. All right. Let's see. the music. Maybe you think something weird was about to happen. Oh. Oh, there's cream or frosting. Or here, I'll put mine over here. Or something in the middle. In the middle. Oh, orangey. Yeah, like orangey stuff. All right, I'll take a couple. Get your Skittles cuz they won't be there later. Ivonne's like, I'mma eat those. All right, there you go. I'll show you what the inside looks like, guys. You want to use my plate since it's cleaner? Oh, yeah. Let's show them this way. I like that idea. See, this is why I bring you along. It's fine. I'm at coffee. It's fine. It's fine. So, it has like this orange. We're going to find out if it's cream or icing. We're not sure. Um, it looks like the same thing as the icing. That's what I'm thinking. Yeah, you're right. Okay. It's icing. Yes. Oh, it's very orange. It's very orange. Yeah. Hey, Rachel and Margie. Oh, thank you. Take your tendon. I'm wanting you're I'm making you want a piece of cake. It's very moist. It is. It's good. Oh, give them that. Yeah, it's um I feel like it's juice infused. I I feel Yeah. And I also feel like it's got all the fruit flavors. Almost like fruity popsicles. I'm tasting fruity. Not just orange. I'm tasting lemon. I do get pretty nervous. Oh, wait. Is each color a different flavor? Now I got to try it. Oh, we do have coffee. The snazberries tastes like snerries. So, between the two, I would get the other one. But this is good. And this is late. Sorry for the late warning, but this stream will make you hungry. Hi, Tyler. So, I don't know. The grape tastes I don't know. It just tastes all around like Fruity Pebbles or Froot Loops. Who can say no to Figgy and a Boring? I mean, I think all the colors taste the same. Okay. It's just But it has a fruity pebblish taste to it. Yep. For sure. So, between the two, which one would you get? The other one. Even though it has freeze-dried. I know. Leslie says, "The real question is, how are the freeze-dried um good?" Amazing. It's always satisfying. Mhm. Tim is eating um Reese's Oreos right now. That looks good. Sounds good. I can't teach him right now. That was good, Jim. Yeah, definitely the other one. Agree. This one is like I'm getting a sugar mess. It's very sweet. Yeah, especially with the freeze-dried rice noodles. It makes it even more. Now we need chicken. It's also getting Hi, Rox. I'm not even sure I'm going to eat it all. I'm going to eat those Skittles. Yeah, you are. There is no line for that. The pop. The icing just puts it over the top. It's too much. Agreed. I mean, it's good, Disney, don't get me wrong. Yeah, very good. I would definitely try it. I'm glad we tried it. Me, too. But the other one for the win. Oh my god. What flavor was that? Skittle. Yeah, these are sour. sour. They are kind of sour compared to the sweetness of the cake. Like I wanted to spit it out. No. No. That was so sour. Hersel emergency. Say hi to mama. Hello. Hello. Hello. Sorry. I mean, it is for science. All right, I'm done. I cannot eat. The freeze-dried Skittles are sour. They are sour. I wonder. I wasn't expecting them. I've got the sweet. They must be sour. freeze-dried Skittles. Yeah. To to balance it, which was probably a good plan. Mom Mom tour says peer pressure. Get the popcorn bucket. It is National Popcorn Day. I mean, dang it in celebration of And if we get it, then we get a discount on the maple popcorn. And also, we're saving money. Just said we had to get it. I however will probably get it later cuz it's hard to carry with. True. All the things. It's um girl math. Girl math is great. I love girl math. Hi William. Hey Rory. Yeah. Thanks for joining in everybody. Um yeah, the red ones are good. Okay. Whatever that color was that I had not good. It was just insanely sour. Jessica wants the popcorn bucket. make your eyes water, shall we? So, if we're doing the scavenger hunt on this bucket, we have to go around to China, Germany, Japan, France. Okay. United Kingdom, World Discovery, World Oh. Oh, these. Okay. There's three in World Discovery, two in World Nature, and then China, Germany, Japan, France, United Kingdom. Those are our This is where we're going to get all the loco cards, the giant ones that we're looking for. And then you have to buy this big gift with purchase. Rock and roll over to Disney Traders at Showcase Plaza um to receive a Stitch Rockstar Magical Places promo card when you purchase a Disney Lana. Something island Lumers trove. You got to buy this box. This box. Sorry. Get this. You got in the car. It's freezing. That's how I was today. My car did not want to warm up. It was like, no. Um, I'm too cold. I know, Leslie. I love it, too. Okay, put the hat back on. Thank you. You would buy two. Two boxes. It's a lot. I wonder if you get your discount. You got to be nervous. We'll have to go in and just check it out for breakfast. I mean, Jeffrey, you can stay warm by bundling up and put a coat on and all things. Hat, gloves, snow, no snow. Hi, Christie. Don't worry, we're going to get going here in just a second. So, stay tuned. We're going to go make our way around. The little girl just got her popcorn bucket. It's so cute. As soon as gets back, we're going to make our way around the world. Good morning, Drew. How are you? Welcome in. Oh, hi. Sorry. No, no, you're fine. Um, so I've got some friends at home that are watching your stream right now. Oh, cool. Do you want to say hello? Sure. Yeah. Here, come around. What's your name? My name is Kaitlyn. Nice to meet you. And my niece and nephew are watching from home up in Wisconsin where it's like minus 20. Oh my goodness. What are their names? Jackson and Riley. Jackson and Riley. Hello. Hi guys. Stay warm. Thank you. They were like, "Look, I love that." So, yeah. Enjoy your day. Get paracco to trade for Stitchy. I bet everybody's hanging on to that Stitchy. I know, Drew. It's so cold. I also have my Stitch. I have my Stitch hoodie on. I have to have him. The popcorn bucket. I know. So, um So, something just happened. I need more coffee. Okay. Coffee look adorable. Thank you. A little girl was standing outside the restroom. I see the little girl. I'm like, "Oh, I hope she's not lost." I start to walk to the into the restroom door. She was standing outside the men's restroom waiting for her dad. Oh, no. Did you go in? Not completely. Apparently, she definitely needs some coffee. I was like, "Okay." Oh my goodness. That's hilarious. I need to start this day completely over. I like walked up and I went, "That's just me." Wait. I mean, you were just seeing a good a good mama making sure the child was cared for. Oh, I hope she's okay. Thanks, Jen. All right. You ready to venture on? We already got trash. Thank you so much. I'm going to put this in my bag. Is it empty or? No, not Thank you. Put the Lana in my bag. Let's turn you guys around. Maybe. All right. So, are you going to get the popcorn bucket now or later? To mobile order. Mobile order. Yeah. There's like no line. Should I get it now or later? I mean, I can wear it as a passport. Yeah, it's up to you. You want to carry it or not? It's up to you. What she's saying is you can get it now, but I'm not carrying it for you. Well, I will help if you let me. We could get our popcorn already. If you let me use the the paintbrush. I mean, okay, I'll get it now. I'll go scan the Q. Okay. Well, it's on the It's in the mobile order on your app. Oh, what? If you go on your app and hit mobile order, it's right in there. Okay. I thought it was It's pretty easy. Oh. Oh, we're okay. It was almost empty. Okay, guys. So, I just like mobile order like I'm order. Uh-huh. Yes. It's very handy dandy. Happy Martin Luther King Day. That's right. What kind of cake it was? Um, we had a fruit cake and then we had like a I don't know, like a light strawberry cake, I guess. Whatever it was was yummy. So, pickles, we look for giant Lorana cards all around the World Showcase. So, that's what we're going to be doing. You can get refillable popcorn if you get it now. It really saves money. Thanks, Lauren. Did you add to cart? Okay. It's ready. Pull your sock. Yeah. Oh, no. All right, I'll wait here since I don't have one. It is Ivone. Yes, that's Ivone. She's excited. Oh, sorry. Can I use it? Oh, okay. Thank you. Um, so they have been going live on Saturdays again now. So definitely go check them out. I'm so excited for her. Dang it. Now I want one. I want a Figment popcorn bucket. But I really just want the paintbrush that lights up. Add to cart. You did it. You did it. showed me something. He doesn't watch this. Watch what happens. Okay, I'm ready. If you squeeze his mouth, what? You squeeze his mouth and he opens up. What? Okay, that's really cute. All right, let's see the wand. I mean the You're so broken. The paper. Here we go. Do the honors. Pull the tab. Now the magic can begin. Oh, whoops. I love it. Oh, it changes automatically. Whoa. All right. Say, "I'm Ivone and you're watching Disney Channel." I'm Ivone and you're watching Resort TV. Even better. Oh, I love it. Okay, now I want one. I want to buy this for $10. I'm sure someone will have it for sale. I Yeah, you're probably right. How do you turn it off now? Just keep pushing. I think so. Yeah, it goes through all like you can leave it one color. Oh, I just stepped on popcorn. Did it come with popcorn? I don't know. I was chewing. Okay. Ooh, rainbow popcorn. Okay. All right, guys. We're going to head out the door. Lumos Maximus. Wrong part. It's a wonderful paintbrush. Oh, yeah. All right. The lines for the Lana cards is pretty long. So, I might also use a restroom if you don't mind hanging out with the peeps. Do you just want to hang out here? All right, you got them. You got him under control. Under control. Okay. Wow. I'm going to be shedding some stuff. I know. The sun is nice. I'm sorry. No, you're all good. You got We got time. 1 1500 people watching. Thanks so much for being here. Bop that like button and subscribe if you're new. We're going to head around the world here. We're going to look for Lorana cards. Oh, if we want to look at what they look like in the box set, they're in that store right there. Oh, yes. Along with the Festival of the Arts pens that we have to check out. Yes. Yes. All the things. All right. I'll be right back. Thank you. Okay. I got you, guys. It's beautiful. Look on her face. Got to look for the fish, right? They could stop putting the popcorn door in the buckets. Nobody uses it for popcorn. I mean, that's very true. Somebody might Somebody might use it for popcorn. Yeah, guys. Bop till you drop. Bop that thumbs up button. Like, share, subscribe, do all of the things. Ducks. Water chickens. I call them water chickens. Hi, Grand Peacock. Welcome in. Great to see you. It's a gorgeous day today. It's not like the wind is supposed to keep things pretty cool, but if there was no wind, it would be really warm today. Figment would be a good storage for your Oh, it would be a good a good storage for our cards. You're right. It truly would be. No Monroe spottings. Hey Jeff, how are you? Jeffrey Williams in the house. Hey, it's me, David T. Great to see you. It does look fantastic. Hello, Julie. Hi, Tracy. Take a little stroll around the world. See if we can find some more cards. Part of our little scavenger hunt. Popcorn bucket or Loungefly? I have a problem with both. And Pandora, I'm the problem. It's me. I know it. Hello, Stacy. All right. All right. I fix my sock, too. Look at you. Fantastic. Yeah, you were. Hi, Alberto. All right, let's go to the shop and then we'll go around the World Showcase. It's like right at that when the wind comes, it's chilly and then when there's no wind, it's Yeah, it's right on that edge. All right. How much was the bucket? Um, what was it? 32 after 32 bucks. Okay, something like that. What's that? Sounds good. Thank you. And no, $30. 3089. Okay. 30.89. I might have to get that chicken and a waffle cuz it also looks like it has popcorn in it. What? Like like fruity popcorn. That's craziness with chicken and a waffle, right? I'm down for this. Oh my word. There's a clock and like a little chest piece next to that um food booth over there. What? Like an Alice in Wonderland right there. Oh, isn't that cool? Wow, that's fun. Okay. Hi, David T. Never spotted that before. Me neither. Do you think they're going to do an Alice and Wonderland meet and greet there sometime? Great question. And I mean, I think it's because of the food booth maybe that they have them all there, but I don't know. Figment. Oh, look at Stitch with his tongue out. Oh my goodness. Oh, this one. Fictional fictionals. You know what I'm going to try? Is this tea treat? It looks like a tea cup and it's a treat. A Okay. I have not tried the deconstructed BLT, but it sounds amazing. I know. Smells so good. Oh, here. Here it is. That's what that treat is. Isn't that cute? So cute. I know. Oh, there's more chest pieces in here. Look. How fun. I love this. Oh, there's the grill. The girl. The gorilla. Oh, gorilla. The gorilla. All right. I need my hat again. Oysters like caviar. Caviar. Caviar. Hi, Jerry. How are you? I have Look at that shot. I have tried the grilled cheese and tomato soup. I tried it um on opening day. It was amazing. This year it's um it has ham. Yep. We're going to go in here. Ready and go. Is this where the cards are? I think so. Okay. At least this is where they were on Friday. And this is where the pins are. Oh, they're over here. Uh-huh. I know. I love these ears. Aren't those pretty? They're cute. Whoops. I knocked them off. I'll be there for my Vday next month. At least you know it's not going to break. Here is our Hi. So, yes. You buy the box and you get the stitch. Is that right? Yes. And how much is the box? 50 50. Can you use AP on it or no? Any No discount? No discount. Okay. All right. Cool. Cool. I don't know. Oh my word. They're gone. They had ears that matched this. Oh, they had all these characters on them and then the bow was black. It was cute. There you go. The urgency is real. Yep. It really was. Well, yeah. Let's look at pins. Oh, here's the festival pens. Oh, they have the ears right there. So, they must have just sold out. Oh, yeah. Here we go. Oh, those are cute, right? Super classy. Oh, look. They're right here. Nice. So, we got the passholder. love. It's so pretty. Love it. Oh, look. He's got his little pencil. Oh, there's two on this one. Now we smell like a grill. Yeah. I don't I don't understand this. Um I know. We were trying to figure it out, too. Is it a like? Look, this one's falling. So, is it a magnet? I don't know. I don't get it. I don't get it either. Huh. Okay. Where did I get the grilled cheese? At the Pop Eats booth. Yes. All right. Well, that is it for that mystery set. The what? They have a Haunted Mansion mystery set. Oh, they do. Do you see the Groot one? A are they all bricks? Yes, they are. These are cute. Oh my goodness. So cute. Ah, there we go. There's an Everest one. Hey, Manoa J. Hi. Do the different lands. This is Adventure Land. Oh, that's fun. I bet they're going to do the different lands. And why is Orange Bird in Adventure Land? cuz that's where his ice cream used to be. Oh, okay. Do you see Pluto? He's the dog from Pirates. He's holding the keys. I love that. Okay, that's fun. All right. Shall we continue around the world? Thanks. You, too. I'm going to give this to you for a moment. We're going to go right so I can put my hat back on. Now I'm cold again. Keep the ears warm. Yeah, the wind is Yeah, that wind goes right. Okay, a moment everybody. There we go. Here we go. Well, you look at you. You brought ears. You're prepared. I did. I brought my coat, my uh I'm sorry, my ears hat. And then my ears. Ears. Your ears. Ears. And all the ears to go with my real ears. Your real ears. Hello. Good morning. Hi, Alicat. 777 likes. 777, my favorite number. Bop the like. Also, subscribe if you're new. Let's do a rapid fire bop. We have not done one of those yet today. So, if you've not bop the like button, close out of the chat, find the thumbs up, and bop it. I know. Makes me want to go camping. I know. I love that. We should go to Fort Wilderness station. Um, yes, please. So, um Close out of the chat, find the thumbs up, and bop it. You can only bop it once cuz if you bop it twice, it takes it away. Are you guys ready? Are you set the like button? And subscribe if you're new. Oh, is seven your favorite number? That's awesome. You know how I always see 626 all the time? Last night I saw it twice and then when I got on Instagram and I liked this post I was like 626. What? Isn't that crazy? Crazy. Stitching his shenanigans. Yep. Stitchy loves me. Do we need a margarita? Oh, yeah. You don't like those. Um, someone told me the name of a tequila that I might be able to drink. Oh, okay. Yeah, this is a specific kind that doesn't give the three bucks. I was like, "Okay, nice." They have an avocado margarita in there. I've had it once. It's It's okay. It's not my favorite. Okay. But it's okay. You ate there, right? We were going to eat there for my birthday and then we went to Margaritavville instead. Oh, I knew this cuz it was supposed to rain and we like the food at Margaritaville so much. Yeah. It's so good. Oh yes, battery. Thanks, Laura. We have 34%. We'll plug in here in just a moment. June will be a whole month of 626. Yes. I hope we get another fig or figment. I hope we get another stitch popcorn bucket. Things with the painting. I love that. A Oh, we got to find the characters in each uh pavilion. Yes. Go back to I scared I What? You just remind me. Usually it's Dante from Coco and we'll see where he's at this year. He's usually on the outside of the building. Hey, resort budgeting. Oh, there he is. Dante right there. A spirit doggy. Is that what you're looking for? Uhhuh. Okay. So, in each of the pavilion, they're going to have a painting of some sort of character from that country. But that's not the card thing we're looking at. No. Okay. Not the card. We're doing that later. We can do that now, too. Do you have your book? I mean, and then we can um do yours and then we'll just copy yours with my Oh, Manoa Jay, you have these ears. I love these ears. I need the backpack. Okay, so Whoops. Put that there. Okay, so how much color it is? Well, there's not one in Mexico. Our first one's in China. Okay, this is just for funsies. Oh, that's cute. But for that, we're looking for a giant Lana card. Okay. So, you won't miss it. Okay. Hello, Carol. Happy Disney day. I love the chalk drawings, too. All righty. Good morning, Mr. Green Giant. When there's no wind, it's nice. Like when you're between these two buildings, it's perfect. It is a busy day here today. I figured it would be. However, I thought it was interesting that it was a good to go day for annual passers. I did too. I thought, "Oh, there's no way." Reservation anyway, just cuz I didn't twist it. I did, too. But I did too. That's the I actually think I know she was going after her shadow. Did you see that? Oh, is that what she was doing? Yeah. Um Oh, yes. I do know where this one's at. So, let's go in here. This is where the little character painting is here in Norway. It's over by the bathrooms. Thank you for popping the like. got 845 likes. They're little snow gies or snow geese. I forget how you say that right over here. There probably is a because you were front row. There they are. Snoggies. Aren't they cute? Here you go, guys. They're having so much fun. They are. They're bouncing around. They're cute. One of them, I'm sure, is named William. That's what Olaf, he named all of them like Norwegian names and then he goes and William. Okay. I love it. So, there you go. Now, we're going to go to China where they have your ears. You know, I was almost influenced by you to buy a pair, girl. if you were there seeing my reaction. Hi, Lorie Pop. Was ridiculous. I saw your after reaction. I mean, yes, there was that. It was really cute. She was so excited. I've never cried over a period of years. Um, same. I don't think I have either. Hi, Anthony. It is a beautiful day. Yes, the sun is out. Hardly a cloud in the sky. I didn't bring them today because I didn't think we'd be out past dark. So, yeah, which they're pretty during the day, too. They are. They are. But I see what you're saying. They weren't frozen. Not too bad. Oh, was it not? Wow. I don't think it was even outside. Seriously, that's insane. Wait, let's Where's my phone? Let's look. I got you. Right here. You got it. Okay. Yeah. On your hands. Thanks, ma'am. I got you. Thank you. Thank you. Jedi Master. Hello. I know. Let's pull over. It says 50, but it's not even outside. I don't trust that. Wow. I don't think it's that long. Not that long. Hey, guess what? It's lunchtime at school. I'm so glad it's lunch time. Well, it is 12:00, so I get it. Let's see what they have at the china. Let's check it. Strawberry bubble milk tea. Oh, I think that's spicy. Yes, I know. Sweet and savory Cantonese style barbecue pork in a steamed bun. Oh, that sounds good. Go team temp test. I also have my first boba. Boba milk tea. It's different. It's different than the boba that you get. Sure is on other things. It's more like a jelly. Tapioca. Yeah. Yes. It's a choice. It is. It is. What did they win? Uh cheerleading. Okay, that makes sense. Mhm. They were cheering. They were cheering. So, we're going to look for the Lana card in here. And then also the art. And the Lana card might just be on the side of the road somewhere, too. The side of the like on the path. Oh, Mega Bryan said, "I said, Brr, it's cold in here. There must be some Toros in the atmosphere." Who remembers that movie? Good movie. I remember making you hungry. Sorry. Sorry, guys. And I'm thinking of all of our choices for lunch. I know. There's so many good choices. It doesn't make let me make a reservation when it's a good to go day. It actually did let us make one today. Usually it doesn't, but it did. Yeah, it said no need and I went click click. Let me just do this in case. So, normally the little painting is right here. Look at me. Ain't he cute? He's so cute. His name is Little Brother. Little brother from Mulan. Okay. Sounds good. He's so cute. Hi, Joey. But we still need to find the Lana card. Look, I see a Kobby Bara over here. Let's go see. Kabby Barra. Unwrap a mini Kobby Bara. Oh, cute. It's a collectible. A And here's a squishy one. Nice. Oh my goodness. There's a mom and a baby. And what are these? A Those are squishy, too. They look like Oh, $6.95. What's this one? Fuzzy friends. Says it's a copy bear, but it doesn't really look like one. You can also get some ears. Handwriting time. Handwriting time. All right. When did Hallmark Company do the Christmas filming at Disney? Um, it they filmed some during and before Christmas and then apparently they filmed some after Christmas because the Christmas tree was up until like ever. Friday. I think they took it down Friday night. I know. Forever. The apparent soldiers were still there yesterday. Oh, that's right. Josh said that. That's crazy. Like, come on now. Uh-huh. And I think Josh heard it was because of the filming for the Hallmark. So, cuz normally they take it down right after the race. Yeah. But not this year. Good morning. Good morning or afternoon? Yes, it is afternoon now. It is 12:04. It's all good. I know. Orange chicken. Uh, well, it's Guess. So, let's go that way. We did not find our Lana card. Did not. I hope we didn't miss it on the path somewhere. Yeah, the ones I found are big. Yeah, unless it was back there and we missed it. We don't have to do it today. We can do it another day. Yeah, that's true. We don't have to do that. Yeah, that's fine. Well, how about we go around? I think there was another one in what did it say? China and then was it Japan next? Germany. Okay, let's go see. Oh my word. It's right there. Where? Oh, right. Is that it? No. No. No. Good. Good thought though. Good thought. No, it actually they put it in. It's like Yeah, it looks just like a Lur Conor card. like it has a picture of a character on it and Oh, okay. Yeah. Oh, it's right there. I found it. Hey guys, look. It's right here. Oh, it's Mulan. I have that. I have that card. Okay. Do you get bonus points if you have that actual card? I don't know. All right. So, it's this guy. So, how do you know which one you're see? Oh, okay. Yep. Elite Archer. So, she found that sticker and we put it for China. Look at you. China. Awesome. Sunshine season went down. All right. Oh, look. There's Mushu. Oh, and Crickety. A. So cute. That's so cute. That was a bonus find. Yeah. Good job. He's like, uh, he did it. Yeah, he did. We know Mushu. That's so cute. I'm going to rub his nose for good luck. Okay, good job. Love it. I I hope they bring back his shoulder pal. Oh, me too. Although we have it. Wait, you have it? Yeah, somebody bought it for Kelly subscribers. So sweet. Bought it for Kelly. Very nice. Did they find it online or they got it when it was still here? Sold it to us and I'm like, he's going to lose his mind. That's so sweet. It is a good day for the electric umbrella. Oh, wait. Oh, that was a scary noise. It's not here anymore. Was it? That sounded like a Oh, wait. Where' the Coca-Cola truck go? There was always a Coca-Cola truck, right? Yeah. What's wrong? This is where you get your jumbo chocolate chip cookie. That looks like an artist palette. They have what store here? Yes, they do. And they changed the flavor of it. I don't know what it is right now. Okay. This is wicked. Oh yes. Interesting. There you go. Do you remember the electric umbrella? It was a great place. A very tall man. It was very tall. See if that's supposed to go. Don't Oh, yeah. I would have never thought of that. Let's go look in this booth. Oh, I love this one. Look, Walt statue. It's Walt and Mickey and Minnie. That is Walt. That is so He's sitting at Epcot. He is at Epcot. Good job. Hi, Candace Orlando. That's funny. Who knew? It still doesn't make sense to me, but it's fine. A nice I love all these. They're so retro. They really are. So good. This one reminds me of the um prime time. They're having dinner. The prime time. Hi, Casey. I mean, is Mickey proposing to Minnie right there? Do you not see that? Uh yeah, I think he is. Like he's on my knee. He is. I do not see a ring, though. Unless it's in the roses. Do better. Do better, Mickey. A finally. Right. Come on, Mickey. Put a ring on it. Oh, look. Pluto's got his leash. Hi, Eden. Or Yeah. Is it Eden? Hello. Oh my word. I love this. That is amazing. He's got the train. He's got Mickey. Blueprints to Sleeping Beauty's costume. Oh, no. That's cool. That's really cool. None of the huge Lana cards are hidden anywhere. They made them pretty easy to see. Yes, we did find it. Don't worry. We found it. We're new here. Yeah, I knew what they look like. I just didn't know where the China one went. Look at the old the old Oh, yeah. That's from Disneyland. And then this is the uh futuristic house they used to have at Disneyland. Yes. Yes. Yes. I remember that. My mom actually went in it. But yeah, of course they actually at prime time they have it on that video at prime time. Oh, cool. On your TV at your table. Really cool. Okay. We got Star Wars over here. Look at baby Yoda. Oh, look at this one. Ahsoka and Grou. That is cute. I remember that scene. A Mickey and Minnie Mouse are never officially married on screen, but Walt Disney famously said they are married in private life. Oh, really, Christopher? I didn't know that. I didn't know that either. That's a fun little Uh-huh. little tidbit to know. Wow. Wanda, oh no, that's not Wanda. Just kidding. That's a Fantastic 4 or whatever they're called. Those fumes. The paint. I can smell those fumes. Yeah. Oh. Oh, your favorite paintings over here, by the way. Do you remember the Which one? Walt on the train. Uhhuh. Oh, this one's cute. Out on our date night. That's cute. That one's cool. Oh, that is cool. Oh, there's pigment. This is the one we were talking about, though. Yeah. I really wanted it. I love it. I have not purchased any prints yet. Um I I purchased a postcard. I guess that counts, huh? How much is it? 60. Okay. About normal price. I have to get Kelly's permission. Yeah, it's really cute. I love it so much. You're making me want to make a reservation for Disneyland this week. I think I better wait for the girls to wake up. Make it for six. Yes, we're coming with you, John. John, did you hear Disney World? I didn't tell you. Disney Springs now has the ticker tail treats that Disneyland has. At Disney Springs. Oh my word. We got to go. Yeah, we do. They don't have the churo toffee yet, but they've got the ticker tail. Oh, look at this one. This would look so cool hanging in the where our keg is. The not keg, the barrel. Our barrel. That would look so cool right there. Oh, that would look really good. Happy Monday, Tammy. A look at Ariel and Flounder. One of each. Wrap them up. Hi. Hi, Bracken. It's the one Dale and I have. It's so sweet. I love it. Why don't you guys go with me in May? Problem solved, Tim says. Yeah, he's going to Disneyland in May. No kidding. Yeah, I'm down. I mean, I would love to. Are the paintings like Pokémon? You have to have them all. Exactly. Yeah. Not the tune of 3,000. I know, right? Me at Disney World, right? I know. Josh and I were talking about that. You could um go on a cruise. You could Yeah. Oh, here's here's the Germany Lurana. It's Rapunzel. Rapunzel. I know, right, John? I was so excited. Going to have to get over to Springs and give it a try. See if it's like the other one. Did you find it? You did. Oh, it looks like her hair. Two down. Nice. Three more to go in World Showcase. Let your power shine. Wherever you remove one or more damage from one of your characters, you may draw a card. Okay. I got to learn how to play this. Good. Yes. What's your drawing in this? Oh, good question. It's usually Pascal from Tangle. You know where he was last year? Yeah, he was kind of over here, right near the caramel shop. Okay. Oh, so sorry. Runned over. Uhhuh. There's the caramel shop. See? Yep. Here. He's in the same spot. He's getting popcorn. Caramel popcorn. Happy National Popcorn Day, Pesco. A He's so cute. May is a great time to go to Disneyland because it's usually hot in Florida and in May, Southern California, we get incredible marine layer. Uh yes, John, we were there one one May and we froze. Us Flidians froze. Yeah, we got a really great Disneyland wardrobe out of the deal. Yeah, we did. Like I did not have to buy any clothes for Disney World. I I remember Dale bringing one I think one pair of jeans, maybe two, and he was sorry that he didn't bring more. This is where the Wishables are, by the way. Oh, okay. It's also where the cuckoo clocks are. Yes, it is. Mini cuckoo clocks. All the cuckoo clocks. I want to eat in here again. Oh, yeah. Right here. That was a stretch. Oh, look. There's Pascal again. He's blending in. How cute. Well, that makes me wonder if he's like Uhhuh. He probably is. All right, guys. I got to turn on the Wi-Fi, so give me one second. Oh, wow. I know. Do you see Duffy right now? Huh? Do you see his cost? I'm not touching it. I know. Well, he's behind a locked glass, so you're fine. They're so Look at the John. No, he's so cute. The monkeys. A one of each. Yes. Why you so? That is a great question. Got this one. Look at him. We should try again. I know. Come on. The Wi-Fi is not There we go. All right, I think we're back, guys. Welcome back. But I did get Dale the second time I tried. Okay. Do you see Chip though? He's a He's cute. He's adorable. You just got to talk to it. Pluto, are you in there? Pluto? I can't believe I picked him on my first try. I think this one's Pluto. Do you think so? I love that you listened. I wish there was a way to know. I know, right, Cy? Crazy expensive. A look at the bow and arrow. That's cute. Yeah, cute. You got mini a fun. Why am I yawning? I don't know. You had a large coffee. I really did. Did you see the new ears for German? No, it's cute. It matches. Uh, Amara says that you are the Wishable Whis whisperer. That's hard to say. Wishable whisperer. They do have the Rapunzel anniversary doll. Yeah, yes, that means Germany. Deutseland. Germany. Germany. All right, guys. Um, where's our next clana card so we don't miss it? I think it's Japan, but I could be wrong. It is. I knew it. Woo! You're so smart. Well, thanks. I tried. All right, let's go see what art is over here. We're back. I know. This is cartoon. This is a cartoon. Uh-huh. What is it? I don't know. I just I've seen the cartoon. I don't know the name of the cartoon. Oh, that's fun. You do it, Mickey. Make it happen, Captain. Do we pass the mini village? No, it's right over here on the right. We'll go check it out. What is this cuteness with the hearts in the corner? Do you see that? Oh, that is cute. Let's check it. Oh, the battery. Yes, I got to plug in. Thank you. Amara's doing his job. Yep. So, don't forget that was Leslie this time. Oh my goodness. You need this one. I love that. Is so cute. That's really cute. I love it. So cute. Oh, I like this one. A rose. I know. I love that so much. That's so cute. Us sing to you. Us on the cruise. What? Oh. Oh my word. He's an underman. So cool. He's an I love it. Hi, Kayla. I like the Pluto and Mickey one, too. All right, let's go check out the mini village. Oh, there you go. Goofy goof. 25. A him. I'm scared. That'd be cute in your bathroom. See, that's why we're betrothed. He likes my hobbies, too. It's so true. I'm betrothed. Oh, sorry. No, you're fine. All right, let's go show them the uh the train because they have the little um flags for the countries on there. Sorry, not the countries, the flags for the festival. That's what I meant. It's an underman. Exactly. You guys know what I'm talking about. Let me know in the chat. Oh, I see the flags. I'm like, Jenna, where are the flags? They're in the town center. It's cute. Isn't that fun? I love They change them for every festival. I love that detail. Wishing I would have worn my glasses right now. Cute. Can't see them. I mean, I just wish I could make out the detail. Here you go. Can I help? It's an under goof. Oh, here comes the drink. Wait. Choo choo. Nobody's hitching a ride. Huckleberry Finn. Huckleberry Finn. All right, let's go find the character in Italy. Um, so definitely go check out another awesome sponsor. We have resort tv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy. Resorttv1homes.com, guys, if you're wanting to move here to be closer to the magic of Walt Disney World. Find your dream home here in Central Florida. Again, check out resorttv1homes.com. Even if you're not ready to move yet, go ahead and get the process started and go fill out the information form. Hey, if you don't want to move, I usually a twotory for sale by Is there really? We don't need a twotory, but that's pretty cool. Oh, they have the mozzarella thing with the one. I remember that. That was delicious. That does highly recommend. Delicious. Great. I don't know if it was worth 950, but it just vanilla sauce, mint whipped cream, and puffed rice. Sounds good. Um, okay. You do? Oh my goodness. I love him. Oh my word. He says, "Ra, I'm a monster." But he's not. You know what the under laundry too? You need this for your laundry room. I do. really really do. That's adorable. I love the blue and I love that there's like bite holes out of it. Yeah, that you really need that. It's only $50. Only $50. Hey, that's the price of the cards. Oh. Oh, look. A So, you could buy the painting. I'll buy the cards. But we can't share. Somehow figure it out. Look. A That's cute. I'm just a little black rain cloud. All right, let's see if we can find this painting. I don't I kind of knew I kind of know where it's at from last year. It was over by the gelato cart over or no, the stand. I'm sorry. I don't think it's in here. I know. I know. $50 is a is a little pricey. More than, you know, a little pricey, but man, that wind. Oh my goodness. Oh, yeah. Right there. It's from Luca. There it is. Oh, there's Sam. Oh, hi Sam. Hi, Sam. Oh, I didn't see that. Um, so yeah, we got Luca here. So fun. Got the kitty cat. Forget the kitty cat's name from Yeah. One year they had Yeah, the little crab. One year they had um Jiminy Cricket over here, but I don't see him. Nope. No Jiminy. Actually, let me while we're over here, let me plug in. This is a great spot to plug in. Can you hold the peeps for me? I'll hold the peeps. Thank you so much. Got it. Yeah. That way I'm close enough for you to plug it in. Thank you very much. All right. Hang on. The bite mark was genius. Was it genius? That the bite mark on the frame on the matting. That was that was perfect. That was a great idea. It really was. Oh, my glasses are caught on. Okay. Yeah, I brought no backup gear today. So, that's okay. I'm set today. You are all good. Hi. It's like I I do this sometimes. Sometimes. Some days. Some days. Sometimes on Mondays. Do you mind holding it for just a second? I got you. My hands because it's been so cold. My hands are acting like I live in northern Indiana and they're starting to crack. Oh, cuz they think you're back there in the cold. And then when they crack, they bleed. That's no bueno. And it hurts. No bueno. All right. Oh, you know what? I bet they'll be able to see your um paintbrush lit up better now because we're kind of able to. I'll turn it on. Okay. All right. Here we go. Turn my brain into all the things. That is so cute. I love it. He shall get me discounted popcorn at Yes. Canada. Love it. Oh, Christopher, do you have that issue, too? That's too bad. All right. Wait, smell coffee. Tell Kelly Jenny said I had to because we needed to get discount popcorn. Uh-huh. Exactly. The only way. That is the only way to get it. You can also This is the way. This is the way. All right, we're getting charged up now. Oh, is there a concert tonight? Yeah, every night there's a Broadway performer. They're really good. Hi Nicole, how are you? And Mara says that popcorn was one little spark of imagination. Yeah, it was for you and me. Oh, there someone told me what pop art latte espresso with choice of milk vanilla syrup topped with lavender whipped cream and Skittles freeze-dried candy. I don't know about the lavender. I know. I'm not a huge fan of lavender in my drinks. Me, too. Were you with me when I tried the lavender tea? Um, yes, I think so. We did not. I did not. Oh, there's characters. Uh, well, there's Donald at least. Yeah, that's very And Mickey. Mickey. Fun right there. Where is Mickey? There's only in his fast. Yeah, there's no No, you're fine. There's only two of them. Usually they have like five. Yeah, John. Yep. Dale definitely needed some more pants when we went to Disneyland. He did not pack correctly. I love the photo. This one? Yes, we did that one. Like pops. Last year we did it. Uhhuh. It was fun. It is fun. You act like you're in the ship. That's a ship, by the way. It is. Oh, not a boat. Somebody Somebody told me. Okay. Just kidding. Not in a cruise, we go on a ship. Uh, no, it's a boat. On a cruise. This is why this This is why it's funny. It's a joke. You laugh. I'm good at laughing. Good at jokes. You laugh. It's fatty. I'm going to step over here so I can put you in the middle. Oh, you're okay. No worries. Uh, let's look for this little character. He's got to be in here somewhere. I don't know who it is. One year it was a little mouse like a patriotic mouse. Maybe the other was it another year it was a Mo. Not Mo by the restroom. Maybe. Maybe over by like the pin trading table. Oh, is it Sierra tonight? That's awesome. Jesse got to see her. I got to see her too on opening day. Okay. One year it was right here. Not this year. Sad. Is it in the store or in the American? Um, usually they're outside, but I just don't know where. I guess we can go look further. Mouse and mouse. I wasn't really looking super hard because I thought it would be over here. I mean, I saw a mouse over there. Oh, you did? Wait. Oh, Mickey. Jenna. Oh my goodness. I thought you meant a little guy like a a painted one. Mickey. Oh. Oh, they're doing um No, they're doing the artist animation thing. Yeah, that one. Yeah. Okay. It's not over here. Huh? Hey, Christopher Robin. Oh, Sierra is tomorrow. Mickey should count. I agree. Maybe he's over here in this little vestibule. Walk in front of that photo. Let's walk behind it. Did you just get the peace sign? That was funny. Um, I don't see it. You're ready. You're ready. I got you. We got We had to go through the water. Merrily, merrily, merrily, okay, I do not know where this character is in America. America, why'd you have to make it hard? Always make it hard. It's true. It is true. Party fell. Party fell. Stop. By the bathroom, maybe. The bathrooms are that way. I know. No, we were by the bathrooms. Oh, no. Those aren't there anymore. Yeah. I found the mouse. I found a mouse, too. Sweet. It's a It's a gimbal. Yeah. Uhhuh. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. They keep they keep it nice and steady. Yeah. Well, I don't know where the character is, so I guess we're going to skip America. Sad day. Very sad day. If anybody knows where the character painted character is in America, let us know. Maybe he's out by the stand over here on the left where you get hot dogs. Hot dogs. Hot dogs. How How long was the line when you went to Starbucks? cuz when I went in looking for you. Ridiculous. Okay. It was like the longest I've ever seen. It was completely out the queue and almost to the staircase. Okay. That's where it was. That's why it took uh Yep. No worries. I figured I figured because when I got there it was still there. I kept thinking it's going to pay off. It's going to pay off. And it did. Thank you. I'm sorry that No, don't be sorry. It's all good. It's a mini anime. That's so cute. They had a plan. They said Okay, they said it's over on a column where we were looking by the kid. Okay, let's go back. Thanks, guys. Leave it up to the stream to find it. Exactly. Google is letting me down. A maybe they draw or no? Yeah. Oh, we're okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. A uh Josh and I drew Figment one year. Oh, that's okay. All right, let's go back and look on the column. I didn't look on that. Did you have a spark of imagination? I did. And I did way better than I thought I was going to do cuz I do not draw. I love that. Oh, what do they have here? Dark chocolate tor. Someone in line at Starbucks was talking about the pepper crusted sirloin and I guess it is phenomenal. Pepperc corn crusted. Okay. Well, I'm going to let you try it cuz peppercorns are hot. Yeah, they are hot. A little bit spicy. He's like, "Okay, good to know." Yeah. Well, you'll have to tell us. Oh, I see the grill going. Look at it. Yeah. I think Ivonne's hungry even after our our cakes. Well, the medicine that I'm on, I guess a side effect is it makes you hungry. And I wasn't up until yesterday. I got like I'd like to say a grow, but Hi, how are you? You mind a quick photo? No, not at all. Yeah. He's like, don't Hi, how are you? Can you get a photo with Jenna? Oh, you got the steak. We were just looking at that. Do you want me to take the photo for you? No, we're good. Just Okay. I can I can hold food or I can take photo. Whichever you want. You're all good. No worries. Here to help. Where are you guys from? Pennsylvania. Okay. Very nice. A sunny cold. I I feel famous now that I've met a What are your names? Bow. John and Daddy Bowman. Nice to meet you guys. Awesome. All right. That's okay. You want both of you in the photo? Here. I'll just come right over here. How about that? Turn around. Perfect. Thank you. I have to back up a bit to get up. Here we go. One, two, three. Awesome. Yeah. Thanks for watching. Did you guys want to say hello on the stream or not today? Up to you. Yeah. You want to? Yeah. Hello. Thank you. Thanks for watching. Enjoy your day. Bye, guys. Yes, pictures. All right, let's look on the column. Maybe it's like back side of column like the back side of like some Nope. I was thinking like here. I don't know, guys. I'm not seeing it. It's dark. I don't see it. Oh, I know. That was very sweet. Nothing. Okay. Well, we tried. You can't say we didn't try. on the commercial. I know. I like I feel like it's it's like right in front of us, but we don't know where. Should I ask the cast? Uh, you can if you want. Wait, what entrance column? The entrance column to what? To the to the show. I don't know, but I think we should go. The viewers have some view. It goes I know. I think we should go in the shop and warm up for a bit. What do you think? When the wind is blowing, it's cold. When the wind's not blowing, it's cold. It's not just my mind. It's very chilly right now. Holy moly, look at the um a sharing a hot dog. Look at that. That is pretty. That's amazing. Isn't that cool? Okay, Annette. Hope it goes well. 5,800. That's it. No. Okay. Oh my word. Look at the baby princesses. A. That'd be cute in a little baby room. Of course Ariel's blowing bubbles. Of course she is. A, that is so cute. Oh, wow. Look at Tinker Bell. Gorgeous. Hi, Isabelle. Light up. Or is it just me? It looks like it's lit up. Or maybe it's just the sun. I mean, it's hard to tell. I have this one. Oh, he's so cute. Isn't he cute? The Yeah, the flowers are popping off the canvas. Yes, you are right. I like the enchanted rose. Is that pretty? This is cool. Octopia. A doggies and kitties. All right. Carousel. Oh, that's cool. Music. King Arthur's carousel. Nice. And I do not see any. No. Oh well guys, we tried. We're going to Japan next. We're going to go find the Lorana card. Those are easier to find. But thanks. We almost have 1,000 likes. We need 50. Actually, we need 49 more. I can math. I can sometimes on a Tuesday, but not a Monday. Math is not for Mondays. I hope you don't teach math on Mondays. I do. No, no, no. No math Monday. One student that really is that him. Was that your student? PTSD. Did your heart rate go up? It sure did. Aphib alert. Oh my goodness gracious. Um, how do you do HHN? I was like, oo scare zone. That was great. That literally jumped my adrenaline. Terrifying voice. Oh my goodness gracious. Good morning. My sweet little totter keeps saying hi. When people stop you to say hi. Uh we've been we've been a member of your channel since before my little one was born. Oh, there he is. Hey, Max. Why does he have two of these? Oh, he does. Interesting. This one and that one. Oh, wait. Which one do we put on? Oh, maybe you put both on. Wait, count how many stickers there are and how many things are left. That's a good point. So, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8. Are you in line for the balcony? No, sorry. We're we're doing this. Um Tim says that's what I sign like after um Starbucks. Eight. And there's eight. I'm sorry. So, is it either or? I guess. Okay, we're going to go with this one. Yep, we're going to go with the green one. And then maybe we'll find another one that has Yeah, we were just in the Art of Disney store. Another symbol. It was just a little boy that was excited. It's all good, guys. Well, we'll just remember blue symbol for later. Holy moly, did it get colder? It's the wind. Uh-huh. It makes your eyeballs water. I know. We get warm socki. That'll help. You said saki. I'm like, I have warm socks on. Warm sockies. Oh my goodness. That's so funny. It's all fine. It's Oh, we got to go find the character in Japan. Actually, I know where they're at if they're where they were last year. Are they by the bridge? Nope. And it's one of my favorite characters. Oh my goodness. All right, Duffy. Oh, of course it's Duffy. I know. There are stickers that have two together. Oh, what? Oh, dear God. Oh, thanks, guys. What smart person is that in the chat? That is Jew. No. Uh, Janice. Janice, you are a genius. Uh, genius. Janice the genius. Look at the sticker at the bottom of the page. It has blue and green. Thank you guys. See it. You guys are so smart. So smart. Characters are on a column just outside of the Art of Disney store. Ah, dang it. Well, next time. There you go. Perfect. Oh my goodness, that's so funny. Yes. Good job. Here he is. Right here, Daffy. Isn't he cute? You kind of have to back up to see him a little bit. Yeah. And there's a Mickey underneath with little paw prints. Oh, because they painted it. I know. Isn't it adorable? Look at him looking at it. Like, look what we did, guys. That is so cute. Oh, good. Christopher, that's awesome. All right, so you have to know where my brain is right now. Okay, the teacher and me, I'm like, okay, so they took their paws, they used the absent space and created Mickey's heads together, and then they took they dipped their paw in the paint and they made the ears. So, the whole Mickey is made out of the paws. A I love that. So cute. Good job. Thank you. Let's go in the store and warm up. And Oh. Huh? My husband literally just called me and was like, "She's right by you." Yeah. Do you want to say hi to him on the stream? No. Okay. Okay. That's awesome. He's working obviously and I had the day a That's awesome. Nice to meet you. What's your name? Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you as well. Yeah. We enjoyed watching. Thank you so much. I hope you're staying warm. Doing our best. It's cold today. Yeah. Awesome. enjoy the rest. You too. Awesome. Nice to meet you. Have fun. Look at all the Hello Kitties. A It's Paco. Poco Legacos. I know. Aren't those? I have um I have the generic one from Five Below. Okay. Oh, they have Paco Pom Pom Pier. Yeah. Oh my word. There's a store that we have to go to. Of course there is. It is all It's like this store but tons of blind boxes. At the mall. It's not at the mall. Oh, okay. It's another place. I'll show you. Okay. Okay. And they have so many blind boxes. They also have like I know. Aren't those cute? And there it looks like Chloe. Yes. And a gray Chloe. And a gray Chloe. Um and they then they have like all the food and different things from Japan. It's really fun. Those are adorable. Cute. Look at her little paw print. She is $18. It's a lot for a backpack charm. I know. It's tiny, too. And this is for the festival. I love it. Why is it $27? It's the same as your popcorn bucket. I know. It's cute. Oh my goodness gracious. She's Hello Kitty. Cute as well. Nope. You have to hold my hand. Don't bring me in here. That is so cute. Did you have one of these when you were little? I don't remember. I did. I had one of the original ones. Oh, what is it? Oh, it's a stapler like I have for my kids. Sticker stamper. Yes. What? Yeah. So, you take it and you just go and it leaves the sticker on the paper. It's amazing. I need this. I need this. It's $18. I love it so much. Stickers or tattoos? I think they're I think it's stickers. Oh, no. They're tattoos. Wait, you don't like tattoos? I'm going to get one. Well, I know, but I don't like those kind of tattoos. Oh, the temporary tattoos. Yeah. That my kids take in the bathroom and then come out with tattoos on their face. Why did you make that choice? You're like, hang on. Oh, these are fun. Those are cute pillows. I feel like this would be a great airplane. A great what? Airplane pillow. Oh yeah, that would be Or put it on your lap and, you know, put your little game on top. I don't know who that is, but it's cute. Is that a Tamagotchi? It is a Tamagotchi. What? First generation Tamagotchi. I had one of these. 21.96. Your kids had one of those? Yes. Oh, look. They have snowflakes. That's cute. That's cute. Music boxes. Oh, did you see that the Hello Kitty um bus is in Tampa? Yeah. Well, you know it was here, right? We went It's so good. It was so fun. What is this? A cup. A bowl. Going to open it. Oh, thanks. A timer. I think it's a front back bowl. A bowl. Yeah, like a bowl set of like a race car. That's cool. I might get a tattoo. I've always wanted a Chloe tattoo of her paw print. So, it might be a thing. You know what I want to do before I get the tattoo though? I want to go get a henna tattoo again just to make sure. Wear it for a little while cuz you know it's kind of permanent. All right. It's busy in here. You want to adjust? Yeah. Let's go out this side door over here. Okay. Is this origami? That is cute. It looks hard though. I just had a cold chill. Paper pipes transform into character. So fun. It's a a pipe piperoid. The sushi chef from Monsters, Inc. is also in Japan. Oh, that's right. It's up here. Up here by the bridge. They have so many of these at that store I was telling you about, and it actually works. Oh, what? What? What happened? Okay. Wait, what? I know. Did you not know about these? They're like in Japan. I know. Can you move your hands away? There's Hello Kitty. machine every day. Oh. Oh, wow. Wow. No, there's ice cream. And then what are these? Sushi pop. Sushi pop. You can connect them with each other. Oh my goodness. Those are cute. What's happening over there? Are they excited? The leaders are having a minute. How much are they? All right, Tim. Oh, Tim got when I came with Tim one time. Yeah, here's Tim. Um, Tim. Yeah. Hi, Tim. Tim. No, Tim got that one. Oh, you got that for me, Tim. Oh my gosh, Tim. That's amazing. Tim says, "Welcome to Epcot." I so sweet. I know. It's where Roy sits. That's my Oh, here. Can you Holy bright. Holy bright. Okay. How much is the one that you can connect? This one. The connected one. Is the screen Is there a double screen? Like does it go see more products? Can't even see it. See more. See? Nope. You don't do nothing. It's not on there. Nope. Is it not this one? Is it that one? If it's that one, then it's $9. It is. It's $9. $9. Okay, that's not bad. Oh, they have to. But I want this. I did not call you a whale, Tim. He said, you said you bought me a whale, Jim. You didn't just call me a whale. I did not call you a whale. Yeah, you bought I own a a Yeah, you did. You have to give it to me. It's so kind of you. It's funny. I will accept such gift at a later time. Oh, he used to be right here. This is what I thought. by the bridge. Um the sushi little octopus guy was so apparently this year they did not do that sushi octopus guy. Yeah. Bye. Was he in that corner down there? No, he was in the middle one up there. Okay. Well, it's freshly painted. That makes sense. Makes sense. All right, let's go. What's next? That restaurant, right? Yes. The one where they cook in front of you. Yeah. It's very delicious. It is very delicious. It smells amazing. Yeah, it does. You come out smelling like the food cuz obviously you sit in front of where they cook it. It's a whole experience. It is. Yeah, it's fun. It is fun. Did you see they um redid our booth? I see the entrance with our Violet Saki. He's on the side of the shop. Oh, which side? Yeah. Which side? There's four sides. There's a lot of sides. Um I don't know. Duffy's on the side of the shop. Yeah, Duffy's over there. We did see Duffy. At least we saw Duffy. That's all that matters to me. All right, let's Let's head to is it Morocco next? I think I think it's Morocco. Oh my gosh. France. My next one's in France. Oh, France. Okay. Hello, Ally. How are you? Alli R is here. Welcome in. Hope you're doing okay, Ally. Oh, is that Fushi? They have Fushi again this year. Oh, not Fushi. Um, I forget what it is. Sushi. Oh my gosh. Some sort of sushi. They have a sushi donut. They're selling pickles on the couch now. They sure are. That's They do that at Disneyland. Look at us being like that. I know. Finally, we're catching up. All right. It is definitely getting more crowded. More crowded her. It's getting very crowded. A cute squirrel. Exactly. Well, I do know where the character is in Morocco, so that'll be pretty easy. Josh and I saw him on Friday night. So, oh, and I can take you into the Locana um lounge where if you want to trade your one of your Lana cards, you can. Hi, Jason. 71 days. That's so exciting. So, uh let's talk about Resort TV1 Homes brokered by EXP Realy. Uh no, I already talked about them. Let's talk about David's David's Vacation Club rentals. If you guys would like to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out at dvcreest.com/tv. dvcre request.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. It's a boo. Abu. Abu. Abu is who we're looking for right here. Here he is. He's trying to take that pot. Don't take it. Don't do it. Move. Hello. If you can dream it. All right, let's go see the Lana. Hanging out here in Epcot in case Jenna swings by Space Birth to maybe see my daughter working at Disney. Oh, is she work at Spaceship Birth? That's awesome. That's very cool. I don't know if we'll make it all the way back up there, but we'll see. Oh, there's a line. Holy moly. 11 to 9. Yeah. Oh, it looks like they're okay. J Wo1277 $10. You just met my wife, Jenna, at Japan. Woo! A, that's so cool. She was so nice. She was so sweet. Thanks for telling her to come say hello. It's hard to tell if they're I think they're just letting them in. I don't know how far. I think as soon as you get in the door, you're good to go. Maybe not. Ah, we'll come back. It looks pretty long. If you want to see what it looks like in there, go back to our stream on Friday night. Friday Night Live. Smell the foods. I know. I'm getting hungry. Oh, here's where we can get our henna. We'll have to come back. I wonder how much it is. Last time we got it was in Universal. Yes. A very hot day. A very hot day. And so a tip, don't get henna when you're sweating cuz it makes it run. Today would not be a day of sweating. Thank you so much for the super chat and for sending your wife over to say hello. All right. all that. You know, one place I've never eaten. It would not be a fun place today cuz it's outside, but over here. Yeah. Have you ever been there? I've not. Huh? Spice Road Table. All right, let's go to France. to the France. The France. They have some beautiful um princess pictures in here. You have to see them. Aren't they pretty? You have your what? Oh, no. Here they are. Is they pretty? Wow. Look at I know. I love it so much. There's Tiana. Yep. There's Belle. Tiana. I know. It's like your dress. So, here's Belle. Thank you for 1,000 likes. I want that dress. Here's Ariel. I love Ariel's. Uh, Cinderella. She even has Gus. And then over here is Tiana. Gorgeous. Are you taking your coat off? Yeah. Oh my goodness. Really hot all of a sudden. And you need water. Okay. You okay? We need to sit. Okay. There's two drawings in France. Okay. Good to know. I know. Oh, there was no Princess Leia. I know. What in the world? They do look like they should be in an art museum. I agree. They were really pretty. We also have another sponsor. We have dreamtable.co. Um, if you guys are wanting to book a really hard to get reservation and you keep looking and you can't get it, go to dreamtable.co. Go put in, you know, the information, what restaurant you're looking at, how many people, the day and the time that you want, and then they'll notify you whenever it becomes available. So, um, they won't make the reservation for you, they will just notify you. So, whenever they do, you can go in the app and make the reservation. So, again, dreamtable.co, you can find it there or on the app store. Either way. All right, I know where this was in the past. Let's go see if it's still there. I don't think I'll probably buy any art this year, but I did buy a postcard, so I guess that counts, right? Sure it does. Sure. It was art. It was one of the prints. It was just in postcard form. Yeah. Holy giant croissant. That's amazing. I want that. I want to go there sometime. The um dressing our dapper stuff and go there. I went one time. It was amazing and delicious and I felt like I didn't belong there. Oh, there they are. The aristocrats way up there on the petitru. It counts. I thought so. Christopher. Yeah. And then one year they had Remy over here. We'll see if he's still here. I don't see Remy. Oh, it smells so good. We might have to eat. Remy was up here one year and I don't see him. We can't go in there. It makes it the stream die. We can't go in. We can't go in there. They do have some serious balance. I know. Oh, yeah. You guys went there on New Year's Eve, right? We didn't know you cancelled our res. Did you? A It's delicious. It's so good. I have only been there once. It was with me and mom that one time. Remember? That was fun. So good. Was so good. All right. Well, let's see if we can find the Lana card. I think I know where it's at, actually. I want to go in there and eat again. Me too. They have great mac and cheese. Oh my goodness. Amazing cream. Uhhuh. All the things you say I cannot have. Except for mac and cheese. I can't have this. Oh my god. Oh, and the onion soup. Onion soup. I would get that next time. They have a bree and a bread bowl. It sounds pretty good. Uh, somebody told me that it was fantastic. Okay, we're going to have to try it then. Gimbal, what you doing? There's a line. It must be very popular. Holy moly. Oh, there's the Lana card. It's Belle. What happened? I'm just hoping I didn't fall out of my pocket. Oh, I thought I had taken my jacket off. Uh oh, it was in my jacket. Oh, you found it. Yay. Oh, hi. All right, there's the Lorana card. What are we looking for? The purple one. Oh, there you go. Okay, so we're we have one more UK and then we'll be done in the uh world showcase. Did I get the stitch stitch print where he was on the different rides? I didn't, Christopher Robin. It's really cute. Oh, look. Goose. Goosees. Goosees. Oh, on the other side, too. A cute. So many goosees. I love it. That's awesome. All right. We ready? Yeah. Ready? Os doies. doing the drums over in Japan. Thanks for joining along on this magical Monday, everybody. Hope you're enjoying the stream so far. Pop the like, subscribe. Also, go over to Adventures of Jenna and Dale and hit that subscri subscribe button over there as well. Hey, how are you? Hey, good. How are you doing? Okay. You look so cute. You do. Thank you. Enjoy the cold weather clothes. It's so cold. I know. Exactly. You got to except for the sun's out now. It's time to warm up a little bit. We got reassurance. It is the wind. I know. Same. Yeah. Cool. You guys have fun. It was nice. You too. Have fun. Bye. Yes. Piano Rob. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, I should have introduced you. And Ally, I was like, I think I know who that is. Super sweet. They um they just lost their doggy, too. just around the same time. I remember actually. Yeah. Yep. Yep. Yep. No bueno. No buenos. But also around Khloe's age, I think 16. So, yeah, it's hard to lose those babies cuz there are babies. Yeah. All right, guys. Well, we have One more country for your Lorana card and we have two more for the characters and then we'll be done with the countries and we might have to just do the other ones off stream cuz Yeah, no worries. It's a lot more to go to. And I'm getting break it up. We don't have to do it today. Exactly. And I'm getting hungry. I don't know about you, but I'm getting hungry. Yeah, I could use a a break for sure. Do I watch the mask singer? I do not. That's super cool. Coaster dude. Well, we got to go find this character. I know where it was last year. So, let's kind of go in that area. Oh, and then there's a Lana card, isn't there? UK. Okay. Oh, you need help? I got you. There's the fish. There's a line. Delicious. I love Rosie Crown, the actual restaurant. Oh, I haven't been there in years. Oh, let's go look for the painting back here. So good. Very, very good. We could Instagram the other ones. This is true. We do have an Instagram. Go follow us on Instagram, Resort TV1. Yeah, I'm actually getting a little warm in this when there's no wind. Yes. Okay. So, last year it was right here. I love your suit, buddy. Thank you. So, Oh, hey. How are you? What's going on? Good to see you. Good. Good seeing you, too. We're seeing all the people today. I know. Our favorite DJ is here. I love those shoes. Those are awesome. You can't you can't lose me in a crowd. No, this is true. We're just having fish and chips at Rosen Brown. Oh, yum. We were like, "Oh, they're live right now." They're right here. That's so cool. Hi. Hello. Finishing her fish and chips. Yeah, no worries. That's awesome. I love your Thank you. I had to go all stitched today cuz it was cold. I was wondering if you got the new Brook Stitch. I thought about it, but that price tag was a little steep. Yeah, I almost had them. I tried them on. I was like, "No, I know." Cuz then I wouldn't want to wear them cuz I wouldn't want to get them dirty. And then I'm like, "Well, what's the point in So, I didn't, but I thought about it. I just wanted to say hi. I'm glad you did. I'm glad you guys are here." We're going around looking for all the paintings in the pavilions. Are you guys doing the what is it? The the Lorana. Yeah, we're doing that, too. Yeah. It's been fun. We tried to get one of these, but they ran out here. Yeah. Got around noon. Okay. We We got it about 10:30. So, yes. Gotcha. Oh, you guys are almost done. Yeah, we're getting there. And And they're tempting us to buy that, too. Now, how much is the $50? No AP discount. Oh, wow. Yeah, it's 205 cards. It's a lot of cards. I'm not actually You get all of them including like ones. Not sure. Oh, and you get the stitch card. That's the only way you can get the stitch card is if you buy the pack. Yep. Each pack contains So, how many packs does it contain now? Contains six common cards, three uncommon cards, two rare. That's 12 new cards. I'm not sure. So, it looks like there's 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 eight packs in it. And there's 12 in each pack. There's 12 in each pack. Have you guys traded with anybody? I traded with her. Well, with each other. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. Um, just so that cuz you have to have you have to have one of these bonus. Everybody's saying hi by the way. I think I saw Tim in the chat. He is. Yes, he said hello. One of these bonus. Then you have to get all four of these. And then you go back and you get the Donald card. Oh. And then once you have the Donald card, um the Rapunzel card is the scavenger hunt. And then the Stitch card you get with the Gotcha. In order to get those. I'm like, that's the only way you can get the stitch card. But I'm like, I don't need this the whole box of cards. So it's hard. It's hard. They get you. I might as well just get the shoes then, right? Seriously. All right. Well, I'll let you guys go. Yeah. Good to see you, DJ Eno. You guys hit that bop that like button. Subscribe if you're awesome. I'll see you guys soon. We'll see you later. Me, you, Josh, like whoever else. Love to have lunch. I will message you. Yeah, sounds good. I would love that. Enjoy the rest of your day. All right, you too. Bye. Our favorite Japan DJ DJ Eno. Go check him out, guys. He's amazing. He's the one in um Japan if you guys don't remember. Our favorite. Okay. I am not seeing the character here. The character. But you know what? We might as well go in the Winnie the Pooh shop while we're at it cuz Winnie the Pooh. Oh. Put the nap back in. That would be nice and warm today. Yeah, it would be. The bean is so cute. It is cute. Um, you have these, right? Oh, sorry. Yes, I do. Oh, yeah. I gave No, I gave them to you for your birthday. Did you? Oh, yeah. See, someone gave them to me, Jenna. That is cute. I do like that a lot. This is cute. It was me. I gave I didn't send them. I just said, "Here's a birthday present." I just remember I said, "Buy them. I need them because, you know, my springtime race is winning the pins." You bought them for me, but did not get them for yourself. You're right. Oh my goodness, girl. You're right. But don't worry, I'm going to have to buy them. But I love all my W. I know. You You and my mom are big Winnie the Poo fans. See the pants? I know. Isn't that cute? I love it. Love it. Love it. Should we send him song requests yet, Tim? I mean, you can. It's a little early, but you can. I don't know why I did that. Um because you're needing coffee. Oh, this is so cute. That is cute. That dress. Yep. I want the actual Mary Poppins dress. James, the white one with the red. And hey, Patrick. Well, uh, I'm not The perfume I want is here. In here? Oh, what is it? I want Princess Kate. Oh, is it in here or in here? In there, cuz they have perfume in there, too. It might be over there. They have Burberry in there, which is expensive. Yeah. Oh, okay. Oh, I remember going in there. Let's go in there. Why not? Why not? Oh, it smells so good. Yeah, it does. Ah, Princess Kate. That's new. I like that. Do they have new ears? Oh, they do have new ears. Oh, those are fun. Aren't those fun? I like those. That's fun. Amazing. Texture overdrive. Yeah. Super cute. All right, let's see. How much is it? A lot. Okay. Like as in over 100? Yeah. Okay. Well, there you go. Yeah. It's a little busy right now where we would show you guys, but everybody else too. Wow. But I really like it. I'm trying to see where this I could not find the character. Oh, yeah. One year it was up here, but I don't see it up here either. Oh, well, we're going to skip UK and we're going to go on to Canada. Oh, but first, yes, we have to find right there, Lana. That baby's not happy. Not happy. Sorry. Sorry. We're tripping each other. I missed it. Autistic. Okay. Oh, it's Tink. It is Tink. Look at her. She's huge. She's a giant. She's over it. She's over the shenanigans. Yeah, she is. That looks like a Guardians of the Galaxy symbol, doesn't it? And there's two of them. Oh, there sure is. Okay. Of course. Hi, Nanny Poo Bear. Thanks for joining us today. UK. The UK. You know, you say that. I wonder if there is one in Guardians. Oh, could be. And that's what the symbol is. It looks like it. All right. Cool. Yeah. You're looking for We just like We just started. So, yeah. Do you know which ones you're looking for? Oh, in in your book. Oh, you mean for that thingy? Yes. Yeah. Cuz it'll say like which for here. Hang on. Let me get that. Oh, yeah. So, we need this, right? And then I need this. You need your cards? Yeah. So, she is looking for these. What are you guys looking for? because the line doesn't have I don't remember having any of those. Oh, you have Mirabel. You have Mirabel. Yeah, I know. Oh, we knew that. Remember you traded? That's right. I did trade you. Goodness. I don't think I had any of those, though. I'm so sorry. Yeah. Good luck. Thank you. Good luck. A down. All right, guys. Um, Shaggy says, "I have a bunch of Lana cards. I have some extra of Stitch. Not sure uh if it's the same card as the one you get there, but I can send you a That's so sweet, Shaggy. That's so nice. I would love that. I would love that a lot. I did not hear the Myers in the Mouse theme song. You have a theme song? Yeah, we do. It's a lot. That's cool. I love that. I'll play it for you later. Okay, sounds good. Hi, Noel. Welcome back. We got to come up with dance moves, though. Okay, perfect. $10 from Sapphire Sooner. Uh, love the stream. Get lunch at the booths. Thank you so much, Sapphire Sooner. That's very kind of you. Very, very kind. Some food right now. I know. I wonder what we're coming up on. Popcorn. But also, what do they have in the Canada booth? I know. Well, I'm gonna have to carry it because this guy full. He is full of popcorn. Will we be over here later? Maybe. It's not that far. We can always come back. So, thank you so much, Sapphire. Sooner. It sure is. Hail to the king. The popcorn king. King instead of the pumpkin king. Oh, these are cute. It's very bright. I know. I love it. A You can call me flower if you want to. It does look that way, doesn't it? I would put this in my house with a black light. Oh, that's so pretty. It would be amazing. This is the best of both worlds. I'm watching television's most exciting hour. The Price is Right and watching the stream at the same time. That's awesome. Love that. John, thanks for watching both. And you win a new card. You win a new Lorana card. There you go. All right, let's see what they have at the Canad booth. It's got to be good. I can smell it from here. Or smelling delier. Leier. I don't know if I said it right, but blah blah blah. It's like Joey on Friends when he tries to speak French. She goes, "May Joey blah blah always wanted to actually we did try the risoto last year." Um I think I Yes, I was with you. It was good. Do what? Really? The only what she said. Oh, gluten-free. Okay. But it was really good. I remember that's looks sounds good, Shaggy. Yeah, that's fine, too. Just bring them when you come down. Okay. Well, Kelly did the roasted bone marorrow and I couldn't get I couldn't get past it that it's a bone marorrow. Yeah. I couldn't do it. I couldn't. Actually, I think we were with you that day. Were you with us? I think it was um all four of us. We were here trying foods. Imagine that. The four of us being somewhere. I know, right? Trying foods. That never happened. having food and and fun. And never have food and fun. Fun. We went shopping that day, too. Probably. I remember that. There was probably some Starbucks. No. Don't tell Jesse that. This is her favorite. She loves this artist. It gives me Jesse vibes. Like I Yeah. Mhm. She likes the Disney ones. But yes, I I I see what you mean. They are a bit creepy. hurry. But she's very talented. The artist for sure. Absolutely. Very very. Um Okay. I think we need to go in this store and then um you know, we'll check this out. I mean, cuz why not? We can There's nothing in the store that we would ever nothing at all. Never. Evers. So, um, let's go in the front door over here. We've got, um, let's see, another sponsor to chat about. We've got Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. If you guys are wanting, uh, to learn how your favorite rides at Walt Disney World were created, go check out Behind the Ride. And, um, you can get the ebook, the hardcover copy, and you can also get the, um, audio book if you get Disney Demystified. Did you see this? I want this shoe. I also want this. She needs that. She likes the shoe. There's a whole story. Oh, okay. I like stories. Are you all right? What' you do? Piggy jumped at the door. Oh my goodness. Hey, did you see? Wait, your favorite. Look, it's over here. There's the Maleficent ring. It's your favorite one. So cool, right? Exclusive. That's amazing. I have not been on the Disney Destiny yet, but Josh has. I was invited to go, but I just didn't want to leave Chloe. So, I made the right decision. Yes, one day. One day we'll go. I have not seen Anna in a long time. Have you seen her? Maybe not. Okay. See, they're the matching earrings. Oh. Oh, look at that ring with all the pretty colors. Do you see it? Oh, yeah. I do see it. I also really like this one. Give me a minute. I almost You see, I was going to do that one or this one. I didn't. So, they're stackable. So, if you just want to wear one, you can wear one, right? But they're all three. They're very shiny. They can't see the Oh, you can see a little bit on yours. Very shiny. Gorgeous. But I didn't see that one. I like the one you got. Okay. or this one. Look at those earrings. Those are pretty. They are hoops, so they probably stay in your ears. Very well. What What do we got over here? Oh, Jesse got this one. It's very pretty. Well, is this Yeah, it was this one. Yeah. I also like the one with the pink heart. A It's cute. It's very lovely. Mhm. Lovely. It's just lovely. Oh, that's one ring. I thought that was stacked. Yeah. No, that's one ring. Wow. Wow. But I really like that tennis bracelet. That is very pretty. I've never owned a tennis bracelet. Same. Boys, we need a tennis bracelet. Um, okay. Tennis bracelet, please. Well, wow. Well, well, well, let's go towards the water over here. Water. And I think we're going to wrap it up for the day. We're going to go get some food. I'm pretty hungry. I know Ivonne's hungry cuz she's been talking about food for the last couple hours. We are walking around the I all the food. All the food. I totally get it. That's a fun little cake pop. Yeah, it's the nitro um cake pop. We'll be able to Yep. freeze dry it or whatever you call it. Yeah. So, thanks for joining us today. It's been a fun day so far. Um definitely bop the like, leave a comment after the stream. That always helps. Thanks to all of our replay watchers as well. And uh let me pull up our amazing um um our amazing platinum members of the channel. So hang on, give me one second. If I ever wanted to climb a fence and sit on grass, it would be great. Don't do it. I don't recommend. I I love coming to Disney with you. So please don't. So please don't. Um Okay. Memberships. Let me find the platinum ones. All right, here we go. We have uh Bayou, Bow, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy 1, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego, Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, William Lily, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jayla Moxley, Scander, Nani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan Jay. Thank you so much to our awesome platinum members of the channel, all of our members of the channel, all of our Patreon members, as well as hoppers, moppers, boppers, and we cannot forget shoppers cuz they're very important, of course. Wait, did you see the new Disney movie that's coming out about Disneyland? No. Okay. It's called Hoppers. Yes, I know. Isn't that cool? It's on TV's Famous. It is. It's us. It's Hoppers. No, the other one is about Disneyland and um it's new. So John, we got invited to the media preview of it. It's going to be on Disney Plus and it's all about how they made Disneyland. It's like footage that they found. Stop. That means Walt's going to be in it. Oh, it's going to make you cry. Josh said he did. A So I can't wait to see it. I would so cry. It comes out Thursday on Disney Plus. Stop. All right. All right. I'm excited. I know. Me, too. So go check it out, guys. And uh All right. Well, let's selfie. Thanks everybody for hanging out. A big thanks to Ivone for hanging out today. It's been fun. And uh we'll see you guys so soon. Josh will be here. Not here. He'll be somewhere live. I don't know where he's going to be. Somewhere live. Is Stitchy crooked? He's crooked. All the things. Uh he'll be live on Tuesday for Tranquil Tuesday. I will be live on Wednesday, so stay tuned for that. Not sure exactly where or what time, but I will be live on Wednesday. Ivonne will get to learn all about Roy. Tim says Tim will not let you live that down. I'm just gonna Tim Tim. One mistake. One mistake. One. Just one. Um but yeah, we'll see you guys soon. Thanks for hanging out with us and uh see you next time. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye bye. Yes. Awesome. Thank you.
