---
video_id: _tZ4116S1mk
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Magical Monday at Epcot - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 1-12-26"
published: 2026-01-12
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tZ4116S1mk
---
[music] [music] Well, hey everybody. [music] It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we are live this morning from Epcot for Magical Monday and Metal Monday. So, congratulations to all the marathon runners this weekend. If you did the five, the 10, the half, or the full, congratulations [music] to everybody, and happy metal Monday and magical Monday. Welcome in. Before we get too far [music] into the video, I want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all the [music] social media. We're Resort TV one on all the things. Welcome in guys. Hi Lauraai. Hi Lisa. Catalina Glattis. Miss Disney fan. I saw Emara. Figment [music] Vision. Scott Drew Jay. Disney Nana. Just [music] love Disney. James Han is here. Hello. Hello guys. Sorry if I missed your name. Paige, Sean, [music] Kathleen, Edwin, Candy, Benjamin, Paige, Richard, Laura, Skipper, Tom, welcome in. It's going to be a fun day today. The sun [music] is starting to come out. Um, it's chilly here in Central Florida compared to the [music] weekend when it was in the 80s, but we are going to have a great day today. So, welcome in. Just gonna [music] enjoy the day here at Epcot. Show you some previews of Festival of the Arts, which is coming Friday. Can't wait. [music] Hi, Tink Disney. Hi, David. Tina, Katie, Lisa, 4 days until you're here. That's awesome. [music] Hi, Nia. How are you? Good morning, Jan. Jin Disneyland Grammy CR Valve. [music] Hello guys. So [music] parking lot was crazy this morning. I don't know if the park [music] is going to be crazy, but the trying to get in was crazy. It is a good [music] to go day today for annual passholders. So, uh, >> good morning. >> Hi. How are you? Um, so maybe that's why it's a little bit busier. I'm not sure why it's busier [music] today. Maybe people are sticking around [music] from the marathon weekend as well. I'm not sure. But oh, the land's 5 minutes. [music] Nemo's 5 minutes. So, we'll probably go do one of those. Hi, Maker. Hi, Jacob. [music] Super Tom. Victoria, even regg, how are you? [music] Tiger gal, welcome in. Bop that like button. Hey, Daryl S, how are you today? [music] Oh, I see Sharon. She was meeting me today and she's like, where are you at? [laughter] [music] [music] Hi, Dexter. I see you. Hi, Rob. Hi, Britney. I'm here, but we'll probably be quiet in chat. No worries. Yeah, if you have to work, [music] if you just put it ninja, that's totally fine. Hi, news junkie. Hi, Drew. >> Hello. How are you? >> I brought the [music] same ears. Funny. In the same bag. >> In the same bag. Yes, we have DVC Sharon with her DVC shirt on. I love it. You just need to put a Sharon on the back. [laughter] >> Exactly. >> Um, so the land is five. Nemo is five. >> Oh, awesome. So, >> well, those are way better than the traffic coming in to the park. >> That was insane, wasn't it? Yeah. Insane. I was like, what is happening right now? I guess everybody decided to come at [music] the same time. >> Yes. Yes, they did. Normally idea, people, >> right? Normally, I come earlier, but I was like, I need a little sleep in this morning. Not that I slept in that much. I got up at 6:30, but >> yeah, I got >> better than 5 whatever. So, yeah. Hi, Joyce. [music] They're already doing parties over there. >> I know. I was kind of surprised to see to hear that. >> Yeah. I mean, I guess it is 10:00. >> Usually we're here at 9:00. So, [music] >> feels early. >> It does. Agreed. I think a lot of the marathon people slept in this morning, too, which [music] I understand. >> I thought about that. I thought, "Oh, people slept in a little." >> Yep. All right, guys. Well, share out the stream. Pop the like button. They're getting ready for the Once [music] Upon a Stage over there, which is always so cool for Festival of the Arts [music] in Communicore Hall. And we have Tink Disney. Congrats on 11 months of Resort Hopper bronze. Happy Monday, Jenna. Flying to [music] Florida tomorrow for a week. Oh, that's so awesome. Thanks for being a member for 11 months. [music] Let's go to Nemo first. >> Sounds good. >> Let's switch it up. >> I like it. >> Thank you so much. Uh, Tink Disney says, "What is the sleep you speak of?" I know, right? What is it? I don't get it. What's this? Looks like one of those Lana cards. >> Oh, >> I did read that they're going to be doing something more with the Lana like >> around the park. >> Uhhuh. >> So, there's something for it. >> I have no idea what that means. >> Yeah, me neither. Hi, Dina. How are you? Yeah, I can't wait for Festival of the Arts. It's one of my favorites. I would say Flower and Garden's my favorite. Then Festival is right there with it. Just a little bit lower, but not much. >> I 100% agree with you. >> Right. So good. That's right. Drew Katie said, "We flew home from our week in [music] Disney yesterday and now I'm sick." Oh no. >> That is going around here. >> Yes, it really is. [music] I've been trying to load up on the vitamin C's and all the things, especially with being at the race. You know, everybody's there. You're in a clump together. >> Hi, Denise. So, Once Upon a Stage is a um just kind of like a preview or not preview, but like it shows you some of things from Broadway. So, there will be costumes in there, different things that they do for Broadway shows. [music] Um, but once it opens, we'll take you in there, probably on Friday. Oh, cool. Miss Disney fan will be here opening day. That's awesome. Hi, Meg. Hi, Disney Stephanie. [music] Hi, Zelena. Oh, there's a little birdie up there trying to stay warm. His feathers fluffed. And now it's warm and dark. Really dark. Mhm. Very. >> Hi, Shannon. How are you today? Hope you're doing well. >> Yeah, lots of people coughing and sneezing and all the things. >> Hi, David. >> Yeah. Did you see by Friday the like the >> Yes. >> the low is in the 30s again, but then the next day it's supposed to get back up into the 70s. It's up and down and and that's kind of what sometimes makes people sick too is the drastic changes in temperatures. The dryness, all the things. >> Hi, Colin. Hi, Louisa. >> A good rain. >> Yes, agreed. >> It's supposed to rain a little bit in the middle of the week. Well, Wednesday. It rained yesterday a little bit. Yes, it did. >> Which was very random. >> But yeah, it's going to rain Thursday. I think that's why it's going to get so cold that night. And guys, if you're just joining us and you didn't see, right after the live stream at 1:00 p.m., I'm going to be premiering my vlog from the expo. So, we'll show you Sharon and I went on Wednesday to the Marathon Weekend Expo. We'll show you uh the merch, the craziness of it all. And then Dale and I went back later to get our bibs. will show you the difference between being there in the morning during the day and in the evening time. So definitely stay tuned for that premiere again. It'll be at 1:00 right after this. Forgot to I know I forgot something. I forgot to do the redirect. I'm going to see if Josh can do that for me. >> Yeah, guys, let me text Josh. Not resort redirect. I can't type. >> It want to change the word for you as well. >> Yes, it did. I love when it does that. >> Okay. >> Well, we stopped. Here [music] we go. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming. >> Yep. >> It is. It's right here on Resort TV 1. Correct. We decided to do both of the expo and the race right here on this channel. Thank you. Hey, Hersel Margie. How are you? Don't touch the butt. >> Just keep swimming. Yes, got a vlog coming up. first the expo and then I'll edit the one from um the 10K. I haven't done that yet. Last night I did the expo. Maybe tomorrow I'll do the 10K. We'll see. Or tonight. We'll see. But uh stay tuned for the 10K. >> I can't wait for you to do a 10K sometime. >> I know. >> You're going to love it. >> Talking about that last night, Andy and I about it's, you know, coming up on time to register for >> the Is it food and wine? Yes. Um I'm like, "Do you want to do the 10?" >> Yeah, I think Dale's done >> with his back and everything. He's He's done. Um he got his gold medal. Chip and Dale. >> Exactly. >> Yep. For me though, I really want to do >> I really want to work up to a half. I really do. Yeah. >> So, you got to do your 10 and then we'll work up to that. >> Yeah, sure. >> Hey, Jedi master. >> Thank you. >> Okay. Still sore, but not as bad. >> Yeah, that's for sure. >> Man, the next day I woke up and I was like, my legs don't want to work. I felt like an [crying] old old person. I don't know how people do the dopey challenge. >> Seriously though, you don't really get rest in between. >> And most of them go to the parks in between. Yeah. So, all right guys, we'll enjoy the ride and we'll chat with you right after. stuck in a world. >> Hey, Mr. Ray, we can't [music] explore without Nemo. >> Not sure I see him any minute now. >> Nemo. >> Oh, science is great. There's so much to know. Find the board explorers. It's time [music] to go. >> Look at Nemo. >> Oh, don't worry. You just need your eyes on the way. >> [music] [music] >> Yes. Have you seen him? >> See who? [music] >> Hi. I'm >> looking for my son. >> I can help. >> Nemo. >> Where? >> That's why we're trying to find him. >> Find who? Nemo, where are you? Nemo, >> who's Nemo? >> He's my son. You know that? >> I do. >> We went on a huge adventure together. [music] jellyfish. >> Oh, you now? [music] >> That's jellyfish. >> You're good. And I'm thinking >> jellyfish. And the next one, jellyfish. >> All right, Mr. Smarty Pants. >> Don't stop playing games. >> Games. I love games. I'm thinking of [music] something pink and bouncy that looks like a balloon. >> Jellyfish. >> Right. Okay. Now, I'm thinking of something. >> There's jellyfish. >> You're good. Good [music] job. >> Swim away. >> Watch out. >> Look, I'm scared now. >> You're not helping. >> Too fast for me. >> Stop fooling around. I wonder if clown fish. [singing] Why don't you drop [music] a bite for a little bite? Oh, what a gift from a little bite. Little clown fish. Where are you? Swim over and say good day to your old pal Bruce. Don't wor, not food. Delicious little friends. I wonder if clown fish taste funny. >> Right behind you, Dad. Come on. Kill him out, dude. >> Hey, check out what I can do. [laughter] >> The conscious offspring. Awesome. [music] [music] [crying] >> Okay, little dude. Nemo. >> Yay. >> Nemo. >> Explorers. >> It's Nemo. Look, Mr. Here comes Nemo. >> There you are, Nemo. >> Explorers. [music] >> It's Nemo. Look, Mr. Here comes Nemo. [music] Nemo. Explorers. [music] >> [music] [music] >> in the [music] blue world. Like totally stopped. Well, coo kachoo. Here's what you do. Stay in your seats while the crush man sees what he can do to get you moving again in the big old blue. [music] >> We're kind of stuck in the middle here. [music] [music] >> [music] >> that button. There we go. [music] >> It's the crush man with some totally awesome news. Stay in your seats cuz you're about to start riding it again, dudes. Rock on. >> Big old blue. [music] [singing] [music] >> Totally, dude. Awesome. [music] [music and singing] [music] >> Never stop. Never, never, ever, never, never, never, never, never, ever, never, never. >> Love that starfish. >> Help, she said. >> All right. >> Oh, maybe. >> So close. Hail, get us off. >> [laughter] >> It's time to come out of your >> things. Have a great day. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Have a great day. All right, let's go see if the manatees are out. Always love looking at Oh, they are out. I see them. Get you over there. Okay, sounds good. Turn the brightness level back up a little bit. There we go. A see them. There's two. Last time I was here, I think somebody told me that mermaid [music] was returned out to the wild. >> A turning around. Hello friends. >> Hi Vicki. Ticker tail John. Welcome in guys. Welcome to Epcot. Oh, putting in some lettuce. It's breakfast time. >> [clears throat] >> There's like lettuce always gets too thin and fish out. >> Yep. They see it. >> Time to eat. >> Crazy cat lady. Thank you so much. Sending out another one. Hello, Tim. You ninja working today? >> You can see where that one looks like it's just going to go over here. More yummy. >> Found it. Good job. >> So calm in here. I love it. Oh my goodness, Rachel, that's so exciting. The Wish and then Epic Universe. I'm so jealous. You're going to have an awesome time. The Wish is an amazing ship. Um, if you haven't watched Jayla and I's vlogs from The Wish, go back and check them out. Get all ready. It is an amazing ship and you're going to have a great time. And Epic, of course, if you've not seen our vlogs from there or live streams, that is amazing as well. Uh, check. No, I don't remember that. That's cool, though. Thanks for almost 700 people in the live stream today. Oh, look. They're letting the water out of the chamber. Pretty cool. They might be doing a presentation here soon to the diver. That is awesome. There it goes. >> That's okay. You can do some lettuce. Yeah, I get that. Um, okay. So, we don't want to go too far cuz Sharon is coming this way. And our big world. All right, let's look at weight times. Um, Checking the weight times to see. >> Looks like the land only went up to 15. That's not bad. You want to go do that? >> Might as well. It's always a nice ride. [music] And then we can go see if there's anything new in the shop. For science, of course. Got to check it out. Oh, Anthony, that's a great question. We didn't go upstairs to check out the manatee's names and weights today. Next time you can go up the steps. I didn't post my weight, >> right? Same. Did you see Sharon? >> Yeah. >> Today's weight. >> Today's weight. Exactly. [laughter] She She ate around the world yesterday. Today's weight. No, I'm just kidding. That's funny. Hi, Spider-Man. I know. We'll be singing that song the rest of the day. Holy moly. I can't see. It is beautiful out. Uh yesterday we were at Disneyland the submarine ride for the [music] first time since co my ne my wife would never want to do it because she thought it was unhealthy that many people under the ground. I get that John totally. >> I do like that ride but since I am claustrophobic it does get me a little bit. >> It's a little squishy. >> It's a little squishy and it sometimes just [music] sits there against the wall for a little bit. you know, while they're unloading >> the submarine in front of you and you're like, "Uh, okay." So, I get it. [music] I'm with her there. All right. Let's turn up this brightness cuz I can't see the chat. It's so bright outside. There we go. Tim says, "If I weigh that much eating lettuce, then I'm in trouble." I mean, good point. >> True. >> Like, that's all they eat. How How are they that big? >> Good point. >> You know? >> Yeah. But that's the way they were made. So everything gets [music] stored is fat. >> Yes. Exactly. Because they got to stay warm under water. >> And I think that's the way they were. I mean, they're little when they're born, but they're also bigger than most things, you know. >> All righty. Into the land we go. >> You'll never do the submarine right again. I get it. I totally get it. [music] Hi Bryce, how are you? >> Marcel, >> yeah, it is beautiful. I knew I was going to warm up, so I was trying not to wear >> too many layers, >> but I was also really cold when I left my house this morning. We didn't have the heat on, and so our house was very cold this morning when I woke up. >> Heat on either. We turned it on once we woke up because it was like 65 in our house or something really cold. So, we turned it on just to take the chill off and then we turned it back off cuz it is supposed to be 72 today. Which is awesome. Hi, Donald. How are you? >> I love the smell of the land. Yes. So good. Just like Oh my. >> I know. H. Does it still say 15? Yes. >> Okay. >> I'm good not doing it cuz we did do it the other day. >> What do you guys think? >> Could do Figment. We didn't do that the other day. Let me check it. >> Every time. That's all the times I've gone over to do Figment. It's been down. >> It's been down. Oh, okay. Oh, it's 5 minutes. Let's go do Figment. >> Not that that's long. I just >> time I went over there. >> We were there on Friday. So, let's do something different today. Figment it is. >> Were the lights the Christmas lights still on it? >> No. Well, >> or had they taken them? >> They taken some down. They were turned off, but then some of them were still there. So, and the people behind us, they must have been cast members cuz they kept saying, you know, like maybe college program or something. And they were saying behind they kept saying, "Oh, it's so sad. Oh, this is so sad." Like over and over and over. [laughter] I mean, those lights were >> really nice this year. >> Oh, thank you so much. Have a good day. >> Thank you. >> Why don't you reach inside your pants? >> Yeah, [music] the lights were beautiful. So, I I get it. But it was just funny. When we got off the ride, go Josh goes, [music] "Do you think it's sad?" [laughter] >> So, if you guys didn't see Friday's stream, [music] go back and check it out. I was absolutely exhausted when I got home. I almost couldn't keep my eyes open on the way home, but I did. >> You got up super early. >> So early. I did take a nap, which [music] was great, but you know, >> solid fleet versus >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Not the same. [music] >> Not the same. And also, you know, lots of miles. >> Lots and lots of miles. I think I end up doing over a half marathon by the time the [music] end of the day. >> See, you can do the half marathon. >> Yeah, exactly. >> I've been watching Animal Planet. Oh, fun. watching a show called uh is it Criy or Krikey? I'm not sure. Oh, the the Irwin. So, it's probably Krikey. Awesome. Robert Warner. Good morning. Mr. says, "The stream was not sad, though." That's right. It wasn't. I agree. Hi, Robin. Okay, five minutes. Got to love it. >> Hey, Julie Young. Waited an hour for the land with Sharon. Yes, during the >> Yes, we did. Christmas lights. >> It was worth it. >> Totally. >> We just visited in line. It was worth it. >> Exactly. Well, you and I and Andy that night waited about >> what like 45 minutes, I think. Maybe 50. >> It went up [music] to 90. Do you remember that? >> I think. Yes, I do remember that. I just don't think about it. I'm like, "Hey, if you want to do it, I'll just do it." >> Oh, Tim's going to do the Dopey [music] next year. >> Oh, boy. >> All right, Tim. You know, I am really tempted, but I want to do I want to do the um I want to do the half first. >> Tim's done a half, so he knows he can do it. >> You know what? I also think it would be fun to do a challenge [music] for one of the easier not easy, but easier races like uh the food and wine challenge or the princess half. Yeah. >> So, maybe next year maybe I'll start with the princess half >> um challenge. You I got an alert from Run [music] Disney that said the the course might be modified due to inclement weather, warmer than normal temps. >> Really? >> Yeah. >> I thought that was funny. Hi, >> Jay. [music] [music] Four. >> Yeah. Two7, please. Thank you. >> [music] >> To ensure your safe tour of our sensory labs, please remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside your tour trap. Keep a watchful eye on your children. And um >> All right, guys. It will lag in here. Please don't let your imagination. >> Just be ready for a little bit of lag. [music] >> [music] >> That's true. Tim said half is [music] two tens. Two 10ks. >> Oh, >> six and six. So, yeah. Oh, about that. Yeah. Mhm. All right, guys. Enjoy the ride and we'll chat after. >> Oh, great question. Will Figment still have his Christmas sweater [music] on? >> Stay tuned to find out. I'm Dr. Michael, chairman of the Imagination Institute. [music] >> On your tour, you'll see how five human senses can help capture your imagination. >> Oh. Oh. Can I go, too? >> Absolutely not. Uh, this is one of our discoveries, the figment of imagination. >> Yeah, I know all about the senses. There's sight, sound, smell, touch, coochie, coochie, goo, and taste. Taste like chicken. Can I go? Please, please, please. >> No, I don't want you out of my sight. >> Out of sight? Okay, come on everybody. Here we go. >> Figment, you are not to interfere with the tour. [music] >> Our first stop is the sound. Left ear, right ear, left, right. What? This is on. Um, hello. Who is this? >> It's Fitbit. >> Regular sweater. >> I thought I told you not to interfere. >> But you've got it wrong, Doc. It's not about listening with your ears. It's about listening with your [music] imagination. >> Now I've completely lost my train of thought. >> No, you haven't. It's over here. All aboard. Woohoo! Next stop, imagination. For every sound your ears are hearing, a thousand thoughts can start appearing. And each of us [music] imagines different things from just a sound. Your mind has wings. >> Let's begin by using the eye chart to test your vision. [music] Now all together if you would please read line three and hit with f I g you can see things differently physically. Sure you can see with your eyes but imagine what you could see if you use your imagination follow the bouncy pigment. [music] What spark of light can light your fancy? Your mind sees [music] more than what your eyes see. Your sense of sight [music] can make your fancy fly. There's more to say than someone. [music] [music] Just turn your imagination loose and anything can happen. [music] >> Now he's gone. Our research [music] shows that smells often trigger the imagination, especially when pleasant, familiar smells come into play. >> Come into play. I love to. >> This is not a good time. >> It's always a good time to use your imagination. So, let the good times roll. >> Woohoo! You win one. [music] really stick a good [music] one. [music] Your mind [music] is not a rose. You know me. [music] I'm sorry, but after that big stink in the smell lab, I hesitate to send you into the touch and taste b. Perhaps I should [music] end my open house right here. >> Great idea. We'll go to my open house instead. It's much more fun. Right this way, everybody. [music] >> What is going on? You're turning this entire open house upside down. >> Upside down? Now you're talking. [music] That's the best idea you've had all day. was [music] just a spark of inspiration. I made my house and innovation imagined [music] up and upside down. [music] [music] Now, here's a real open house. Come on in. >> [music] >> So, what do you think? Is it me? >> More than you can imagine. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Well, not [music] join us. >> We all have sparks. >> Imaginations. [music] That's how our minds create. >> We set them free and they can make it [music] from me and you. [music] You have a wonderful imagination. >> I do. Oh, yes. Well, thank you, Figment. >> So, as you can plainly see, imagination works the best when it's set free. >> You said it, Doc. Imagination is a blast. >> Imagination. [music] [singing] Imagination. [music] A dream can be a dream come true with just that far from me. And you imagine [music] [singing] [music] creation right at the start of everything that's new. One little spark [music] lights up you demand. >> [singing] [music] >> And now in remember [music] [music] Imagin. Imagine imagine. [music] >> Oh, good ride. Okay. Cool. Scary moon. I mean, it was a little scary. I'm not going to lie. [music] >> All right, guys. Let me turn back up to the >> bits. E matching. Eigment [music] might be over there. >> Is he regular figment? >> We're back to regular figment. Yes. A, he's soaked. >> I love him. I have my [music] um one little spark of caffeination shirt on from Tim. You can't see it cuz it's under a sweatshirt, but I have it on. >> I need some caffeination. >> Do you need some caffeination? I always need caffeination. >> Try the amazing [music] pictures. >> Oh, we're good. Thank you so much. I am debating these ears. I mean, Festival of the Arts is coming up. >> I do love these. I have the other pigment ears. I >> That's why I didn't get these. >> But I really do like [music] them. I like the purple. >> I'm a huge Figment. Same. I love the color. >> You know, >> plus I saw the ears for festival and they're not my favorite. They're okay. >> Oh, I haven't seen them. >> They're black. I mean, they're cute. They're cute. They're just nothing I need. They're black. They've got like, >> you know, bright colors >> things and pigment with a paintbrush. They're cute, but I like these better. >> I like the sparkly. >> Hey, Manoa J. Me too. >> Hi, Monoa J. >> To me, too. Imagine. Imagine imagination. I still love this sweatshirt over here. >> Imagine a matching. And I love that it's >> a reversible. Oh, >> yeah. >> Oh, that'd be perfect for festival the arts, right? >> How much are you? >> That would be also it is whatever size $59.99. That's not bad for a reversible sweater. It is short. [music] >> Yeah, >> but that's cute. >> Sharon's like, "Yes, [laughter] perfect." Exactly. >> Perfect for Sharon. >> It's Sharon link. >> I know. I love the whole wall of figments. Okay. Oh, good morning. Good morning, everybody. Welcome in Whales. Let's head over to the shop, see if there's anything new, and then we'll head over to the countries, do some strolling around World Showcase. I want to go in several of the shops. I haven't been in those shops for a while, so be fun to just stroll and chat and walk around. And you never know, we could try some shrimp chips or something. >> Maybe not shrimp chips. >> Shrimp chips. >> Have you ever had them? No. They taste like >> Is that from Japan? >> Uh, China. >> Oh, okay. >> They taste like feet. >> Yeah. That doesn't really sound >> It doesn't sound good to me. Yeah, me neither. >> Oh, too funny. >> Oh, me too, Benjamin. >> I know. Isn't that a cute shirt, man? >> You cannot go up the stairs to the second level unless you're a DVC member. If you're a DVC member like Sheris, then you can go. You do have to put like sometimes you have to put your name in. Takes a minute if it's busy. It's probably not busy today. I I actually not even sure if it's open yet. I say maybe 11, but there was a person down here. So maybe >> maybe he's taking numbers or names. >> Good morning. Good morning. I guess let's walk through this little area here. This little beauty. I might take a restroom break actually. Um actually, >> do you want to just hang out here in case they start that show? >> Oh, good point. Let's um here by the water. You guys can chat with Sharon for a moment while I go use the restroom and then we'll go shop. Let me turn the brightness up cuz it's so bright it's hard to see. >> Got it. >> Yeah. Got it. >> Thank you. >> All right. >> That one or that one? >> Yeah. >> Good. Good morning everyone. >> Hi Mara. Hey Tigertail John. Oh no Jay, you're going to Shop Disney. Yeah, I cannot remember if I saw that on Shop Disney. Good morning everyone. Um, yes, I have tried Beverly Mega Byron and he was okay. Hi Tim. Hi Kathleen. Oh no, you're home with a migraine. Oh, I hope you feel better. Hello Rachel. Hey Tiger Gal. Hey Disney up. Boiler up. Jenna will be right back. This is Sharon. I know they have some of the Figment stuff online, Monoa J, but I can't remember if I actually saw that shirt. Oh, you went to Disneyland yesterday, John. Oh, that's always a good day. We stayed away from Disney World this weekend because of the half marathon and the marathon and then you know they have a lot of roads closed so we just hung out in other places. Got it. Hello, Har. Um, would that be you, Tim, or or me? >> I'm definitely going to go to Disneyland this year. I love it too. Mansion lover. And it's been here for so long. Like maybe since the park opened. I'm not really sure. I'm sure that there's lots of you that know that. But I do remember when our daughter was really little, first time we came here, she was fascinated with the upward waterfall. We just hung out over there for the longest time. Hi Chris Stepp. Good morning to you. Good morning, Captain Mickey Mouse. Oh yeah, Benjamin. It'll be interesting to see if they say anything. All right. It's a It got warm. Thank you. >> Yeah, cuz they take my hat off already. >> Your sweatshirt. >> Thank you. You know when it's cold in Disneyland and you're like, I need that sweatshirt and that sweatshirt. >> And then you get home and you're like, why' I buy all these sweatshirts? >> There's definitely you can definitely use sweatshirts in Disneyland. >> Yes, 100%. >> It always gets a little chilly. Oh, and it was so cold. And I never prepare enough for it. >> Yeah. >> So, I'm always rewearing the exact same ones. [laughter] >> Starting their show. >> Oh, sounds like it. >> Do we need to pivot? >> It's okay. I can I can mute them if we if they get into the show. >> We're getting through here. The Upward Waterfall opened with Epcot in 1982. Oh, nice. Okay. >> I love that. I didn't know if it opened when the park opened here for a long time. When Jessica was little, she was fascinated with that. >> I know, right? It's really fun >> cuz you see waterfalls, but not water. We used to call it water ups. Yes. Or the the upfall. The water up. >> They're bringing the actors across. All right. My local Starbucks barista told me there are some really nice new Starbucks cups at Disney. Is this true? There are. They um so the newest is the what is it? Castle and no park days and lattes. Yeah. >> But it's a more of a water bottle. I wish I would make that into a mug. If that was a mug, that would be purchased immediately cuz that's me. Park Days and Lattes. That's me. I mean, I'm Jenna Latte for, you know. Exactly. >> And also I order my my lattes with a pump of latte. [laughter] That was last Monday. >> Did you Did you tell your >> I did I told them if you guys didn't hear I can tell the story again. It was last uh Monday a week ago. [music] Sharon and I had gone to um Starbucks of course after the stream cuz why not? Oh, thanks. Thanks. And [music] uh obviously I needed caffeine [laughter] and I was ordering and I said, "I I'd love a grande ice latte with one pump of latte, please." And then I was like, "Wait, no, vanilla." [laughter] And the poor cast member behind the thing, he didn't think it was funny at all. And Sharon and I are cracking up. [laughter] >> We were laughing so hard. And [crying] you know, he was a younger guy who was just looking at us like, "Okay, and anything else?" You know, like, >> "Right, are you done yet? Oh my word. I know. Isn't that beautiful? >> Wow. >> I love it. >> Tim says, "I get my lattes with all the lattes." >> Hey, age of retro. Hey, >> you'd have to be careful about maybe not wearing a backpack with this. I wonder if you'd wear these off. It's so pretty. [music] >> That is a great point. Also, would it come off in the wash? >> Yeah. >> It's gorgeous, though. I do love it. >> Hi, Kyle. >> That is really pretty. >> He says, "Good morning from non-magical New Jersey." Oh, so sorry. So sorry it's non-magical. >> We'll just bring you a little bit of magic. >> Yeah, that's why we're live today. This goes with our ears. This whole retro collection. There's even a >> sweatshirt. Me, too. >> That is really nice. >> The day is your latte. I love it. >> $70. >> 70. Okay. Plain. >> Oo, that's a good weight. >> Um, yeah, that's a really good weight. [music] >> I do like that. >> Perfect for today. You know, >> it would be good for today. And then Oh, this is new. >> I was just thinking this morning to myself, self, you need some more. You need some more hoodies. You don't have any hoodies. >> This is a nice one. >> Gosh, I love that. And the shirt, too. >> It's a nice lightweight one. >> Mhm. >> Uh $69.99 [music] as well. And the shirt is really cool. It's different, but I like it. >> Um and it is [music] Well, it doesn't say. They tore them off. So apparently they want them to be more >> interesting. >> I know. >> I love when they do that. [music] >> Good morning. You're changing the back. Oh, look at the back. >> Look at the back. Oh, that's cool. >> Fun. >> Oh, how fun is that? Okay. I like it. >> It's a possible add to cart. >> Uh-huh. >> Possible add to cart. And then they have this [music] um button up here with all the things. Actually, $75. >> Oh, there's the castle. I was like, they have everything but the castle. Nope. There it is. How much? >> 75. [music] $74.99. Oh, cool. All right. And then of course the ears that we have on which we love >> and we couldn't find them and then and then >> they're everywhere. >> There's just a funny story about these ears cuz we were looking every Tim and I found like the last four in Hollywood Studios so we didn't get them and Yeah. >> And then we found them and now they're everywhere. >> Everywhere. [music] Look how cute they are. I love their little Valentiny outfits. $29.99. Tim says, "You need a good hoodie for Disneyland in May [music] when you convince Dale to go." Yeah. Okay, Tim. I don't know about that. [laughter] >> I I like Tim's positive like when you go to Disneyland. Me, too. Good. >> Not if you go. >> Right. When When you go. >> I I like this. Did you see these? >> All of this talent. Oh my god. >> So cute. >> They sell them as a pair. >> I know. Uh $34.99 for the pair. They have so many cute Valentine. >> They really do >> things. [music] >> So many cute things. >> Not enough closet space. [laughter] >> Yep. [clears throat] >> Yep. >> This is new, but also >> Yeah. >> short. >> I like it. Yeah. Very short. >> Actually, that would be a fun one for the race. >> Mhm. You can wear that with a shirt. >> I think it would fit with the Yeah, with the tutu. >> Mhm. >> Still might be too short on me [music] >> sometimes. It's nice to have the shorter ones if you're wearing a skirt. Have to worry about tucking it in or whatever. >> Except for me. I It might be too >> Don't even think it would fit under my skirt. >> You'd have to have another shirt under it. >> Yeah, I like this one as well. I got to figure out what I'm wearing for the princess race. What was on the front of this one? >> Oh, the castle [clears throat] shirts. >> Uh, wait. Tim and Amara are talking. Tim says, "Nope, that's still in the mix." Lol. Wait, what's in the mix? Oh, have we given up on the cruise? Oh, that's funny. >> Never. [clears throat] I never give up on cruises cuz I'm a I'm not a quitter. >> I'm sure there's a cruise in [music] Jenna's future sometime. >> Uh-huh. I think so. Sooner rather than later. >> Did you get any of the Valentine ones yet? >> I got the Heart. >> The heart. >> Yeah. >> Two of them. >> Two of them. >> Yeah, I thought about that. >> Minnie and Mickey. >> Oh, there's only one Minnie left. >> Oh, that's giving me FOMO. >> I know it. They're so cute. >> I know. They really are. >> I know, Robert. I do. >> I like these cuz they're Valentine's, >> but then I like the hearts, too. And then I thought, well, >> because you could wear this anytime, really. >> That's true. >> Um, Emara says, "Mantra Monday, the day is your latte. You deserve a pump or two of latte. I love this. [laughter] Is she the last one? >> Looks like it. >> Look at me having FOMO. >> Mhm. >> Do you want it? >> Do No. Do you need it? >> I don't know. Do I? [laughter] >> If I got it, then I'd probably have to get this. >> I know. >> But does that look weird? Should I do two hearts? >> I actually kind of like just that. >> Me, too. >> See, cuz I couldn't decide. We got hearts because I >> have so many other Mini and Mickey's of these build your ears and then >> we have Halloween. We have >> I just have plain ones. >> Christmas plain ones. Yep. >> So I thought well >> which actually you could do the regular mini with the heart too. >> I mean she does look really pretty with her pink. >> She does. >> She does. >> Her ear is a little messed up but that's okay. >> You want those two? You could just have a Disney she-shed. Oh my goodness, I [music] love this plan. But also, I feel like >> I need one of those, >> right? But also, we have lizards and big spiders and things. >> So, meadow bugs that are like >> also that giant cockroach. [music] >> Yep. Basically, yeah, cockroaches. >> Do I really need this? [laughter] >> No. [music] Am I going to buy it? Probably. >> Hang on to it. You know, >> exactly. Maybe they'll put more out. Yeah. >> Oh, let me show you the park the latte if they still have them. They were over here on Friday, right? Yes, they still have them. So, I love this concept, but I would never use this bottle. Like, it's just not >> Me neither. >> a bottle I would use. [music] But if this was on a mug, I would buy it in a heartbeat. >> It's really cute. It has that really retro look. >> Mhm. And the saying to it. This is uh $44.99. Hey, Daryl and Victoria. Oh, add to mobile cart. That's right, Tim. I forgot [music] about that. And then these are new. >> Yeah, >> they're very Stanley. Like, >> they remind me of that or still like the boat. >> They're over there. Yep. $49.99. Do you mind holding [music] these for me so drop them? Thank you very much. >> Hey, Surf Bum. How are you? So, there's that. [music] And then this is the one Sharon was talking about right here. Make it pink. Make it blue. >> I think these are really pretty. >> Me, too. However, [music] >> they do say Starbucks on the >> Yeah, they do. Very faintly. That was a big old sneeze over there. Um, they're $29.99, so a little more cuz you know, you're paying for the bow and things. >> Mhm. Uh, Kathleen says, "I have an espresso cup set from Walt Disney World with [music] Mickey's Really Swell Coffee Co. logo on it." Oh, fun. Hi, Edwin. Edwin says hello to you as well. >> Hello, Edwin. >> Um, all right. Oh, and then they have that retro collection over here that we were checking out. >> Mhm. That's fun. >> Makes It doesn't open. That's what's weird about it. That trash can. But here you go. So, Dad, >> cuz it's compost. >> Oh, you're right. >> Want it to It's like supposed to be sealed. Sealed. Oh, I love these. >> Yeah. Dad got one of this. One of this one. Yes. >> Cuz he had to. >> That's a good Yes. >> His rail [music] railroad office. And now they have all the colors. >> I love this all collection. >> Josh kind of wanted one of these until he saw that they were $39.99. I'm like, $40 for a >> the little tray. >> I know. I love it all. >> Mhm. >> I love this, too. And it's actually a nice weight. It's $19.99. It's more for pretties than >> Yeah, >> I probably wouldn't use it cuz it's white. >> I know. I wouldn't want it to get >> dirty. I wouldn't want to have to wash it so much that >> would fade possibly, >> which is funny. We buy stuff. >> Yeah. >> And then we just hang it there so it doesn't get ruined. You know, I do it all the time. >> Excited. I need to start using that stuff. >> Uh, yeah. >> Right. >> Exactly. All right. Let's see. >> What's that? >> He said if if things fade, they fail. >> Exactly. >> I'd rather use them and enjoy them. And >> Right. >> I agree with this. I got a ton of the 2020. >> I almost said three. Wow. I'm way behind. 2026. I do that every once [laughter] in a while. My brain will go back to some random year like the 2021 years. >> Okay. >> Yeah. So random. >> That's where I still am. >> Apparently >> I stopped [music] thinking22. >> These [laughter] are cute. Aren't those pretty >> take all my money? I know, right? >> Disney usually does take all my money. >> But I give it willingly. >> These are pretty just like little Mickey. walk in the park and say, "Okay, take my $200 deposit. I'll spend it while I'm here today." >> Take my wallet. It's fine. >> Just don't, [music] you know, spend it all in one place. I love that they So, they have Ariel, Belle, and Cinderella. Are >> those pretty? >> That would be cute for the race. >> It would. I know. >> They only have those three, it looks like. >> I also love these. [music] These remind me of Jesse Mouse's Tinker Bell. Oh, yeah. Oh, Manoa J. I love that. That's cool. [music] >> Okay. I love this, too. It kind of reminds me of the one you have. Well, yours is more sweater material, I guess. But >> Oh, the one I'm wearing. >> Yeah. >> But I do like that. >> Nice and soft. >> Very fun. Oh, you know what other thing I want was debating buying and I was like, I'm not going to spend much money today. And then look at me spending all the much money. This is very very old school fanty pack. $29.99. >> These are really handy. >> They are. >> I mean, >> they really are. >> You know, they were really in then they went out for a long time and now they're back because people realized, oh, that's convenient. >> Really convenient for your phone, literally. And your wallet, >> wallet, your backpack, things that you need immediately. >> You can't find anything in your backpack. So, that's Yeah, there you go. Uh, the other thing I was wanting was the new sunglasses that are like pink ones. >> Uhhuh. Cuz I thought that would be a good for like when I'm streaming. Oh, yep. Here's Sunny's. >> That's what they were. Maybe. >> Oh, yep. Here they are. These. >> Yes. >> So, it would give me a little bit of >> cover, but enough. I don't think I don't know. >> You could probably see the >> the stream. That's what I'm thinking. But maybe that's silly. I don't know. I'm like talking myself into it, you know. I need it for the stream. Um. Ooh, they're running low on Jiminy Cricket. If you want your Jiminy Cricket shoulder pal, now is the time. >> They were out of him at where was I? >> It was here actually Friday. They didn't have them. >> Well, yeah, they don't have too many left. I I would rather have the Jiminy Cricket >> popcorn bucket from Disneyland. >> Agreed. >> I wonder if they even have any left. I think they came out last week. >> Do they really? >> Yeah. >> John, did they have the popcorn bucket? >> Oh, yeah. John, you were there yesterday. Did you see the Jiminy Cricket popcorn? >> Sipper, I think. >> Oh, it was a sipper. >> Yeah, I think. Okay. >> One of those things they sell at the popcorn/drink stands. >> Exactly. >> Tim says, "You're spending the money left over from the expo shopping." That's right, cuz I didn't buy that much. Actually, I was proud of myself. >> Corey says, "That's my fave fanny pack. It's uh amazingly useful. >> Yeah. >> One for me and one for the pets. Oh, yeah. Good idea. >> For the stream, for science. [music] >> Um >> I mean, do we need do we need a conscience on our shoulder? >> Look at me again. >> You might need two >> FOMO. Yeah. >> Like >> Stitch on one side. >> Yeah. Like the >> angel in the angel in the >> Sorry, Stitch. You're You're an angel. I don't know what I'm [music] saying. All right. Well, let me buy [music] these. I guess I guess she's thinking >> she's I like these cuz they don't take up as much room as ears. See me? I'm like >> rationalizing [music] this cuz you just put them in a box. That's what one reason why I actually really liked the hearts because they're not so big that like you have to put your ears in your bag for some reason. Go on a ride where you can't [music] wear ears. >> That is a good point actually. And it's not bulky. >> I'm actually going to go look for a better one. This one's not [music] >> Yeah. >> I just grabbed one. >> I know. I was surprised. >> Yeah. >> It's not like Jenna usually. >> I know. It's so true. I just was like, "Ooh, grab one and go." They also have they also have mini with >> the red bow. I know. Would that be cute? >> Yeah, cuz there's also red. >> Mhm. >> I don't know. I like the pink. >> You like this one better? I too. Yeah. >> And there's no more left. >> Watch. We'll come back later and >> Yeah, they'll they'll have >> It'll be full. >> Just like >> the other ears. Yeah, >> exactly. >> Yeah, this one's better. All right, I'll do it. Go for it. Go for it. >> I know. I haven't bought any of those yet. Did you buy them? >> No. >> Okay. I thought you did the other day. >> I was going to and then I forgot. >> Mhm. >> Shoot. Mater and >> I know. >> Lightning when Cars Land open. >> So cute for Cars Land opening >> and we better buy them. >> You know, we should lay our outfits out now. >> Totally. I need a shirt. [laughter] >> Uh Jessica, congrats on 16 months of resort hopper bronze. Good morning. Happy for happy for the magical stream. I always say add to cart when it comes to Disney shopping cuz I let Disney tell me what I need. Lol. I love that Jessica. >> That's amazing. Thank you so much, Jessica, for being a member for so long. We appreciate it. Hey, Michelle. All right, I'm going to let Sharon hold on to you guys for a minute. And now I'm also debating Jiminy Cricket. >> Oh, yeah. >> Jiminy. Well, I mean, you know, if you're going to go through the register, you might as well go once. >> I know, right? All right, I'll >> Okay, we'll let Jenna go do her purchasing. >> These shirts are super cute. They have a lot of new things that are very nice. Oh, new Epcot shirts. Good question. Oh, over here. Let me go see. [music] Brian, I don't think Jenna is doing the fireworks tonight cuz I [music] believe that she's ending the stream at 1:00 or a little before 1:00 so that she can then also do a premiere vlog of the race expo. >> I do really like that Epcot shirt. And they have like a polo shirt. [music] >> I [music] like the white and yellow one. Sweatshirt. It's a good hoodie. A new Epcot hoodie. I think there's a thing underneath us. Come here. >> I also like [music] this new Epcot shirt. It's passholder shirt. That's the back. And that's the front. Just nice and basic. Yes, we have seen the new Valentine mini ears. In fact, that's why I'm holding the stream for Jenna because she got a couple of the she got the mini and the little heart and she's up at the register. And then there's also this Epcot t-shirt that's also really nice. [music] Just nice, simple, nothing on the back. And this shirt, which this one has been around for a little while, but I really like it. >> Plain on the back also. [music] And then this spirit jersey. [music] >> [music] >> I agree, Benjamin. It's nice to see the like the world [music] showcases represented. >> [music] >> Hello, Christmas pirate. How are you? >> Yeah, I like the spirit jersey, too. And then this is like a uh [music] a long sleeve t-shirt, like thin material, which is actually kind of nice this time of year. A really cute Loungefly. Hi, Miss Disney fan. [music] >> All right, I got these instead of Jiminy. >> Oh, are they cute? >> Wait, yes, those are really cute. >> I'm curious [music] to see what they'll look like outside. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> I really like those. >> Thank you. Do you need a pair now? >> No. >> Yes, you do. >> And [laughter] you know what's funny? I I feel like I can't wear sunglasses and >> and ears. They do make it feel weird >> face. >> No, I I totally get my dream to meet you. Thank you for everything you do. >> Oh my goodness. Thank you. What's your name? >> I'm Olivia. >> Nice to meet you. >> Also from Indiana connection with you and Josh. >> What part? >> Um Avon. >> Okay. Oh, that's so awesome. Do you want to say hi? >> Okay, no worries. All good. >> Thank you for what you >> congratulations. That's awesome. Yeah. >> I really appreciate you. Of course. Thank you. Oh, I'm so glad. Thank you so much. Have a good day. Thanks for watching. >> A so sweet. >> That's so kind. Oh [music] my goodness. [clears throat] I did. I bought them. I want to see what they look like cuz [music] >> they look really good. >> The color is really flattering. >> Is it? >> Yeah. >> I like the gold. [music] >> Like do it like I don't know. >> So did you say you got that instead of instead of Jim? >> I got the heart. The heart. >> I got the heart. I got the mini. And actually, they go great for Valentine's, too. They do. >> You know, >> and they look good with the ears, too. The ears have a little bit of a pink. >> D's going to make fun of me. It's [music] all good. >> It was funny, though, cuz someone in the chat said, "Have you seen the new Valentine like ears?" And Oh, except I really I really love those. Yes, I realize [music] now what they were the red with the pink or the pink with the red hearts, whichever it is. The red pink heart. Those are really pretty. >> Fan. Thanks, guys. Tim says, "I look artsy." [laughter] Thanks, Tim. Yeah, those are pretty. I actually have another pair of Oh, they do. I mean, they're not like regular glasses, let me tell you. But they're better than nothing. >> Okay. I was wondering >> and I can see the chat. >> Okay, good. >> So, they're better than nothing. I'm still squinting. Well, and then part of that is even when you wear dark sunglasses in Florida, the sun >> because of where it is in the sky compared to maybe if you live up north, but it just [music] comes in straight in between your glasses and your >> a hat or a visor when it's really hot outside. >> Uh, if Dale makes fun of you, tell him it was St. Patrick's [music] Day purchase. I love this Marla. This is a great plan. Oh my goodness. >> Thank you. >> But it's St. Patrick's Day. >> Exactly, Dale. It is totally St. Patrick's [music] Day soon on the 12th, not on the 17th. So, apparently they still have Christmas stuff up here cuz they have this and on the way in on the front they had the garland still. Interesting. Oh, thanks guys. [music] Appreciate it. Uh, Tickertail John says, "Pickpocketing in Europe is for real. My daughter got attempted pickpocketing in front of the Eiffel Tower." Yeah. No, we heard a lot about that. So, when we were there, we got those little pouch things that you put under your clothes uh to put like our passport and like really important things. But then I had a cross body bag >> that I put under my coat cuz it was freezing when we went. So, there was that, too. That helps. But yeah, you do have to be careful. Tim says, "Wait, wait. St. Patrick's isn't until February." That's right, Tim. How'd you know? >> How'd you know? All right. Well, here's some preview of the festival. You can see right here as we're walking down. >> Thanks [music] for a thousand in the chat. Guys, please bop the like button. And remember, at 1:00 p.m., we're going to be switching you over to my premiere from the expo shopping and checking all out all the things of the expo. [music] So, that'll be at 1 p.m. I haven't heard from Josh if he >> Oh, yep. He can do it. He messaged me. Let's see. >> So, here you go, guys. Festival of Arts. Uh, let's go left in case. Probably go on Mexico cuz why not? >> What's nice about these glasses also, you don't really have to take them off when you go inside. >> I was thinking of that. >> You just keep them on. That's kind of fun. All right, let's go into this shop before we go to Mexico. >> Oh, it is for Marty girl. There you go. Marty girl glasses. [music] >> Marty girl sneaking up on it. >> It is. I think it's February 9th is the first day of Marty girl, which is a Saturday. If that is a [music] Saturday. February 9th. And then I thought it was the seventh. >> Huh? >> Seventh. >> Seventh. That's it. You're correct. It is the seventh. See, I don't even know. >> You know, it's close. >> Grand Fiesta is down. Oh, w Okay, that's all good. It's all good. We'll figure it out. Oh, these are new. Okay. All right. Oh, wow. >> I like these. Darn it, Disney. [laughter] And the bow is detachable also. Like >> Oh, I see. Yes. That's why this one is is almost detached. >> Uhhuh. >> I like it. >> Me, too. And all the Mickey's and their different >> Oh my goodness. >> World Showcase outfits. >> Aren't they pretty? >> It almost has like a um like a Doney and B look like others are are like, you know, and >> but without the Doney and B price. >> Exactly. It goes great with this spirit jersey, but I have that spirit jersey right there and I think they'd go okay. >> We were just looking at that in the shop. >> Love it. >> I really like it. >> Me, too. >> Yeah, I think it definitely goes >> I almost wore it today. >> I actually really like that. >> But I needed something thicker. And then they've got the shirt over here. The guy shirt. It's a Roosevelt's. That would be a good one for Josh. I know. That one goes perfect. Literally, >> I feel like that one better though. Same personally. >> Same. >> I do too. >> Showcase Mickey's here and it had the >> Space Birth. >> Exactly. >> Thank you. >> Perfect. What's this one? Oh, this is the original >> blue one. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. I like that color. >> Uh John says, "In case you missed the message I sent, yes, they do have Jiminy Cricket. I saw it yesterday. It looks elegant. Let Sharon know." All right. >> Okay. I saw they were coming out last week. >> We thought about a trip just for that. >> Yeah. Yeah. We talked about we just should have just flyed out to Disneyland last last week to get the Jiminy Cricket, whatever it is. Popcorn Bucket or Sipper. >> Sipper. Yeah. Whatever. Whatever it is. All righty. And of course, they've got all these guys. I love that they have it in sweatshirt and t-shirt. >> Mhm. They have the figment ears over here. You know, for Festival of the Arts, we should get the Crocs, you know. >> Oh, the figment. >> Yeah. And the ears and the socks. Oh, we'd be all set. >> I thought about getting these for Christmas. >> Did you really? I wasn't sure if you actually like them or if you were just joking that you liked them. >> I do like them, but I like the ones you got me better cuz those are more practical. Yes, exactly. >> I would wear them more for sure. >> But I do like them. They're cute, >> but you have to have the right outfit for those where the other ones out >> you can wear anytime really. >> You can't just like randomly wear them. You can. >> You could. Yeah, but yeah. Oh, what's this one like? Oh, is this They're all different. So, it looks like they've got Hercules. Uh, what's all the hurry? use that. What is this one? Are these um for the art? Festival art. There's a whole new world. H interesting. Okay. >> Also, I can't figure out if there's like a like are they some of them are slipping down. >> Oh, >> see what I mean? Like how that like the top moves. >> Interesting. >> And yes, the back must be the pin part. pin part magnetized. >> It might be a little nervous it would fall off coming off a little bit in the interesting. >> It's really cute though. >> It is cute. >> They've got a ton of them. Hi, Tiger. Um, girl or gal. How are you? >> Tiger gal. Tiger gal. [laughter] >> Where do they? I must need more caffeine cuz I'm just like staring at the pen. >> I guess we should have gone through there too, huh? >> It's probably got a really long line right now though. >> Starbucks. >> Oh, sorry. >> At this time of day, >> I left my house in plenty of time to go to Starbucks. >> Yeah, >> the traffic. >> Yep. >> Wait, I was really It was stop and go. >> I hear you. >> Stop and go. >> Do you need one? Cuz we can go back. I'm okay. >> You sure? Okay. Cuz we're not that far right now. >> There is jaw freeze, but coffee at home. >> Okay. Well, that's good. At least >> I'm completely caffeine. That could be a problem. >> Oh, that would be a big problem. Then we'd have to go back. >> The front are magnets, Nicole says. Okay, cool. >> Okay, good. >> Oh, was it 101 Dalmatians? Gotcha. Battery check. Thanks, Amara. We're at 58% right now, so we are good for now. But thank you. Keep reminding me because I forget. Also, oh yeah, fictional vuals. Some kind of a booth for the festival. Can't wait to see. And then we've got a art booth over here. Also, go check out our awesome sponsor. If you're wanting to book a trip to Walt Disney World, come for the festival or anytime. Um, go check out miktravels.com. They'll help you book your trip. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself. They help you book for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com. Doing so so today. Back is hurting. A, that's too bad. [music] I'm sorry. Glad you're at home working. That's good. That wind is still chilly, but the sun is nice. >> It feels comfortable. >> Yeah, it is. It is. >> Well, let's see. Is does it still say Mexico is down at the moment? >> Oh, you're fine. Oh, they still have the garland up over here. We going inside or are we >> margarita? >> We getting a margarita or we going inside? >> Margaritas for everyone. There is no line over here, that's for sure. joking that like when you guys I think they only posted some of your >> Yeah. >> videos to Instagram. So, we're going to go in almost in real time. >> Yeah. You guys ran by >> and there was nobody in line. I thought we'll just stop and wait. Be the first in line. >> Uhhuh. Sure. Will. >> That's funny. The balloon ladies would have got us. That's for sure. >> Anyway, >> there must be a uh marathon meet up over there cuz everybody with medals is hanging out over there. >> Oh, yep. All right. >> Some of the people who are sort of runners, like known to be runners. >> You're welcome, Laur. >> Yes. Yep. Which is fun. I'm glad they do that. What am I looking? >> That's really nice. Let's see. Wait. >> Oh, yes. Mexico. >> There's no fighting at Epcot. >> They're drinking. >> Still says temporary. >> A sad. Okay. >> Well, then let's skip it. >> Unless you want to go in there. >> Nah, that's okay. Hi. Uh, his summer lady. How are you? Ninja working. I love it. >> Let's go to Norway. We got to go check out these ears again that um Ivonne freaked out about. >> Oh, >> the Northern Lights one. You bought one, right? Or no, just Jesse. Okay. >> I know. We looked at them the day we were all here together. >> Did you actually buy them or was she just trying them? >> Oh, no. She bought them. >> Okay. That's what I thought. >> She bought them. That's what I thought cuz she wasn't standing. >> She was outside when she >> She was telling me yesterday the story that she cried. She loved them so much. >> Yes. [laughter] >> So funny. >> But I love that. [music] And she said she made the cast members day cuz she was so excited about these ears. >> So cute. >> I know. I love it. [music] [music] >> A Thanks, John. You get a margarita and you get a margarita. I love that. >> Uh, yes. Seriously, Jesse does have glasses like these. We all do, actually. We bought the original black pair. Yeah. And now they have this pair and then like a gold pair. >> So, the mirror. >> Yes. I like the mirror ones. This is new. They're getting a new booth over here. >> Love that. You smell school bread. I was just thinking uh simmer roll. >> That one looked so good. I know. If it didn't have cream cheese, I'd be all for [music] it. All right, guys. We're going to go into the frozen shop. Don't know if it'll work. Sometimes it lags in there, but we're going to give it a try today. Royal Caribbean is sending me messages. I think they want me to book a trip. >> A sale. A sale. >> Hi, Megan. They know that you want to go on a cruise. They just said a cruise is in your future. >> I did, didn't I? >> They heard you. >> That's right. >> And >> they said, "Hey, book one." >> They literally did on my watch. >> Okay. 40 minutes for Frozen is not that bad. Oh, there is a little bit of a hole. Let's see. Squishies. >> Yeah, that's where we're going. Here's my favorite troll, Dumpy. That's his name. That's what Josh and I called him. Dumpy. Dumpy the troll. He's so cute. Hey, Dumpy. >> Hello, Dumpy. Oh, they're over here. Okay. Okay. See, if I bought those, I would go with it. Isn't that pretty? >> Do you like that color? Me, too. And the sleeves are nice. >> Here are the ears that she was talking about and she freaked out. So, they are rechargeable. >> They light up. >> I Okay, >> you couldn't tell which one. see these hanging here and I thought, "Oh, they're so pretty." I didn't realize that part lit up, but now I >> I'm trying to find the button. >> Yeah, it's like under this one must not be working cuz I clicked it. They probably have that. Well, anyway, they light up. Promise. And the bow is so pretty. Hi, Reena. Oh, there we go. Did you get it? Oh, yeah. Here you go. And they actually do different things. So, like they have this one. They've got other colors. This one's red. >> Does it change colors or do I have to push it again? >> No, I think you have to push it. Sorry. >> Cruising into a lap. That's fun. >> Now it's green. >> I like that one. >> It's like the northern line. >> Yeah, there's blue. >> Oh, now I Now I get her freaking out. These are amazing. >> I mean, now I kind of want them. >> Uh-huh. >> Thanks, Ivon. Wow. >> They they do have some. >> And then there's a setting where they change on their own. That's why I like that setting. >> Yep. >> Okay. >> Hence the sign that says island. >> Totally get it. >> Totally get it. >> Those are pretty cool. And >> I mean, you can tell it's Norway, but like >> Exactly. >> It's also Epcot. >> Yeah, exactly. It's like Epcot showcase. Yep. And it's plain on the back, too. >> Yeah. That is nice. There's a lug to match. >> Jim says add to two carts. >> I know. I You're right, Jim. >> And then we got the mug. It's a great collection. >> Wow. Mhm. >> Yep. >> 1999. Okay. >> That's not bad at all for a mug. >> Yeah. >> Nice Disney souvenir. >> Mhm. >> All right. Exactly. >> And then they had the Viking ones right over here. >> Those are fun. >> I like those. >> Yeah, they were. >> They might be over here. >> No, they're not. Sorry. I thought I know which ones you're talking about and I thought they were over here, but going to see if I could look at the food over here. Sorry. >> One time we're going to have to do like a snacking around the world. >> Grab something from each. >> What's this? >> I mean, this says milk chocolate, but you can't go wrong. >> You can't go wrong. Agreed. >> Can't tell what that is. Uh, they do have Hilly Henson, I believe, still. What's down here? Strip waffles. Waffles. >> So good. If you've never had a strip waffle, they're amazing. >> Now I'm getting hungry. >> I know. So am I. What's this one? >> They're so cute. >> That is cute. Oh, ginger snaps. >> Watch out for ginger. >> Uhhuh. She snaps. I love that. Licorice. We have cookies. Oh, what's this? What's this? some kind of chocolate bar. And then are these Ooh, mints. Yummy. Poke mint. >> We're just like completely obsessed with this. >> I think I'm very hungry at the moment. >> Spiced cookies. So, probably like that. Looks >> All right. Sorry, guys. Hey Nia, >> love the perfumes in Norway. I bought them back in January. Yeah, I love them, too. Dale and I both have We both have one. He has the guys and I have the ladies. All right. Sorry about the lag. Had to get out of there. >> Next up is [music] China. We're going to go in there and see see what we can find. I haven't been in that shop. there. It's almost New Year. >> Oh, Lunar New Year. Yep. >> Like the first of February, I think. >> I think you're right. I always know. Well, not I always know. [music] Um I remember I should say Disney would always put out Lunar New Year stuff around this [music] time. >> Yep. So, it changes every year depending on like the cycle of the moon. But it's February [music] 1st this year and I believe the year of the horse. >> Okay. I think so. There you go. [music] I have to try the Hi-Chew soda pop. What is that? Or you have to try. Nice. Nice. [music] Well, into China we go. It's always nice back here in the countries. [music] First thing, >> you know, everybody's up front riding still and >> it's a great time to come to the World Show. Yeah, just to walk around and look at the pretties. Later, you know, after lunch, it starts to get busier and busier. In the afternoon, evening is the worst, of course, cuz everybody's just enjoying the countries at that point, getting dinner and finding spots for fireworks. Um, so definitely go check out another awesome sponsor. We have resorttv1homes.com, brokered by EXP Realy. Resorttv1homes.com. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Resorttv1homes.com. Go check us out, guys. Uh Sarah says, "Lunar New Year and Marty Girl are both Tuesday, February 17th." Oh, okay. Interesting. Oh, you're right. Year of the horse. >> Year of the horse. >> Year of the horse. There we go. I love it. So, guys, it does lag in here sometimes. Let me try to put on the Wi-Fi. See if that'll help with that. There we go. Yep. They've got the horse everywhere. >> Yeah, it does. I tried switching to Wi-Fi. Let's see if that'll connect. Connect. Connect. Super soothing under eye roller. Fun. Hey, VR guest. How are you [music] today? Horses are one of your favorite animals. I always wanted a horse growing up so bad. Mom and dad thought about getting one for me for like 4 and you know >> really we would have had to you know obviously put him or her in boarding stable somewhere but cuz we lived in a neighborhood >> but we were so close and then mom and dad were like you'd have to go over there every day or every other day. Yeah, it's a commitment >> and we had a dog and I was happy with our dog at the time and so like, okay, >> I guess not. >> Guys, the the kitty saying hi, hi, hello, hi. [laughter] >> How you going? Hi. Hi. Hello. And hi. And hi. It's kind of like the bird. And then all of a sudden it's bye >> bye bye >> bye bye. Or or he's jamming to music. [laughter] >> One of the two. >> And this one too. >> Oh, fancy kitties. Love it. >> This one just wiggles its head. >> Bobbling to the music. >> Bobbling. [laughter] A >> Tim says, "Hi, kitty." >> So funny. when you're in the queue of um Flight of Passage. >> Uhhuh. >> The you know the room that has like the floating like the avatars floating in the water and everything sort of science room on one of the desks there's like one of those kitties. >> Really? >> Yeah. >> I don't know if his arm is moving but it's clearly like from either from here. >> Okay. I love that. That's amazing. Got to pay attention to all those fun little details in the cues. Hey, Victoria and Riley. No lag so far. Awesome. Oh my goodness. Look at the coffee bear. Look at the doggies. >> Look at the copy bears. >> They're so cute. >> Oh, blind box. >> Yeah. And kitty. More kitties. These are lucky cat blind box. And then what do we have over here? Let's see what's over here. assorted lotus fairies. >> Okay. >> Very nice. >> And then a pig. Are these No, copy barrows again. >> Oh, those are cute. >> Aren't they cute? I love the bunny. The long ears. >> Kind of reminds me of Hello Kitty a little bit. >> Yeah, >> those are really I like those the best. >> Piggies. Oh, I like the piggies. When I was little, I was obsessed with pigs. Um, assorted pig blind bag. >> Exactly. >> Of course, you know what this is. >> You know, why not? >> China, Japan, and Mexico are the best shops. Yeah, I agree. Oh my goodness, these are adorable. Wait, they're only 20 20 $12.95. I kind of want one. >> Oh my gosh, >> they have little houses. >> They're little >> Uh-huh. >> They're so cute. Wait, is this the one with the house or is this the No, this is this one, I think. >> These are No, those are not cubby barrows. >> I'm so confused right now. >> Okay. >> Me, too. Okay. These are different. These are like these are those. >> Oh, yeah. Mhm. >> Yeah, cuz it has a little >> Oh, look. Doesn't that look like Loto bear? Looks like Lto Bear. And I like the little >> Actually, I think it is. Is it >> Lato Bear Winnie the Pooh? >> And then random. [laughter] >> I like the little white doggy. He looks like Chloe. A >> get one for the stream in science. I know. I should, right? I should, Tim. What's this? Oh, mischief. Oh, it's one of those where you put the coin on and the cat or whatever the panda comes and swipes the coin and puts it in the bank for you. Have you seen those? >> No. Cute. Isn't that fun? >> Wow. And do you ever get it back? >> They just like save. They just like keep it >> keep it forever. You're not getting your money back. >> You're done. >> Yep. You you you have one chance to save it. >> Okay. So, these are the houses. >> Oh, yeah. I see now. >> Yeah. Me, too. >> They're really cute. I mean, $13 is not bad. >> Mystery. >> And the mystery. >> They always have a mystery. >> Is that this one? >> No. That No, it might be. Wait, no. I think that No, you're right. >> I think that is a mystery. >> This guy. >> Love it. Okay. I thought about it, but I don't really need it. But it's cute. >> It is very ears. >> Very cute. Same. >> Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, this is so cute. >> Me, too. Agreed. Hi, Karen. All right. Oh, mini mochi. I've never seen mini mochi. Plain ass sorted. >> Ooh. Are these Oreos? >> So, what does it taste like? If it's >> a mochi. >> Yeah. What What is that? >> Probably nothing. [music] I mean, maybe more like just like a a plain gummy, I guess. >> I'm not sure. >> That doesn't sound as exciting as a flavored one, >> but look. >> Oh, wow. >> Oreos. >> Mhm. >> Peach. and strawberry. >> Strawberry. >> I've had birthday cake before. That's We have that. >> I guess. >> What does it say? Wait, >> is that vanilla? No. >> Cheese. >> Cheese. >> Oh, that's gross. No, no, no, no, no, no, thank you. >> I would try >> any of those. >> I mean, okay, wait. If it was cream cheese, >> that's probably what they mean. You know, that would be different. >> I bet it is. >> I bet you're right. >> That actually could be good. That could be good. Cheese. cheese, >> peach. >> Mhm. That sounds good. >> And strawberry. Strawberries fast. >> Really good. >> How much are these? >> Uh $6.95, I think. >> Or you can get a variety pack. That's okay. For 14. >> Was that matcha? >> I don't like matcha. >> I know. >> A lot of people love it. Is that luchi? Luchi, >> grape, and peach >> cheese, I bet. >> Mhm. Matcha and that peach. We're just guessing here. >> Yeah. Just a guessing. >> Oreo taste test. Sounds like a good vlog. Yeah, maybe we got to come back and do a vlog for that. There's a vlog for that. >> Yeah, for science. Oh my goodness. >> Does this not look like Snoopy? >> Is it a dog? I think it's a dog. Or is it supposed to be a >> It's not a panda because it's got long ears. Yeah, >> looks like Snoopy. >> Cute. I love it. >> Oh, is it your birthday? Well, happy birthday. All right. Well, let's head on to the next spot. This research. I mean, we could get a box of the strawberry ones. They're only $7. Okay, why not? Okay, I'll grab a box. I don't think I need the assorted. >> Yeah, >> strawberry. >> Exactly. >> Exactly. Let's do strawberry. All right. Strawberry. It is $6.95. I'm just following >> that'd be like a straw strawberry chocolate >> uh covered >> chocolate covered strawberry there. >> Mhm. >> All right, I will give you guys to Sharon and I'm going to go purchase at cart. >> Thank you very much. >> All right, there we go. Yes, >> it's a mirror headband. [laughter] Is >> that cute? I think Jenna needs that. >> Do I need that? >> Oh my goodness. They have so many copy bars right now. >> I do. >> Did you tell me there's a copy bar cafe? Yes. >> In Orlando? >> Uh, no. It's in um Oh, shoot. >> It's on the coast. >> Oh, okay. I think of it. >> Like on the Tampa side coast or on the Space Coast side coast. Okay. >> Um, it's where the Fountain of Youth is. Why can't I >> There's a fountain of youth on the coast. Why haven't I been there? I need it. >> D and I have been there. We drank the water. >> I need the fountain of views. >> Yeah, these are very cute. [music] >> They're going to know. >> Oh, somebody said St. Augustine. Yep. Very good. She just said someone in the chat will know. You guys always know. >> [music] >> Yeah. So, apparently you can go to this cafe. Thank you, Amara. The cafe has copy bars. Like, you know how like there's cat cafes where there's kitties wandering around? Apparently, there's copy bars in this cafe out in St. Augustine. [music] >> [music] >> Yes, 28 was a good year. I I would like to just freeze that year. Amara, if you can make that possible. No. >> Are we back to my blind box? I want >> Yeah. [laughter] Thank you. All right. Well, let's just go this [music] door then. We are all set. And Mara says, "You're only 28." >> Mhm. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> That was a good year. A lot of good things happened when I was 28. >> Well, there you go. A lot of things uh good things happened when I was 27 >> and 28. Dale and I got married 27. We got Chloe when I was [music] also 27. >> I mean, I'm still 27. What are we talking about? >> Exactly. >> How old are you? 28. What birthday is this? 28. >> Yeah. >> 27. >> 28. >> 27 again. >> And again. Hey, old Mr. Young dude. He says, "Uh, yeah, I visited St. Augustine when I lived in Florida. It's pretty cool. It is pretty cool. >> Cream city is a nickname for Milwaukee, which is where I'm from. And the figs is for figures since I'm a toy collector. Nice. Love it. Love it. Love it. Hey, Plymouth Rock. Welcome in. Thanks for,00 in the chat, guys. Pop that like button. We're at 600 likes. Really appreciate you joining us for Magical Monday. We'll head around and find a table over here and try these Oreos. I got to go buy a bottle of water. I forgot one this morning. And it is dry. >> Definitely dry today. >> It's a You need chapstick kind of a day when you know it's dry. >> Chapstick, water, lotion, all the things. >> I Yes, I am 27 now. It is true. >> When I [music] 30, people still thought I was 16. Oh, that's nice. So then once you get older and older, you'll still seem really young. >> So there you go. It's perfect. I love how quiet it is today. So today, I think tomorrow and Wednesday, I'm not 100% sure, are all good to go days [music] for APS. So you didn't need a reservation today. Tomorrow, or Wednesday, I believe. Um but then, you know, of course, once Festival of the Arts comes, I'm sure it's going to get busier. So, [music] >> understandably, what are my favorite [music] go-to snacks at Epcot? Ooh, that's a great question. >> So many things at Epcot. It's hard to pick. Um, I love the M&amp;M cookie from Joffrey's. There's also a good M&amp;M cookie at Starbucks. Um, wow. I can't think of any right now off the top of my head. Oh, anything from the caramel shop. I was just going to say [laughter] I like the milk chocolate caramel swear with um >> sea salt on top. >> Uhhuh. [music] >> That's my go-to sweet. >> Your go-to sweet. Oh, here. Let's just sit right here. >> Savory is >> there's plenty of tables and maybe they have a bottle of water over there. So, I'll do that. >> Perfect. >> Um spot. [music] >> Let's go. I'm trying to Shade might be better for the stream. >> Maybe on the Is there shade around the corner? >> Maybe. Let's check. No, that's okay. Oh, this will work. Yeah, it'll be a good view. All right, guys. >> I'm going to point you guys. Well, yeah. Or maybe not. No, it'll work. >> Are we good? >> Yeah. Let me get out the little stand guy. Actually, they might even have free waters over there. We'll go check it. >> Oh, good point. Here's the Oreos for science. And I got to find a little stand for you guys. There we go. As it rolls. Oh, thank you. I tried the table sampler at Spice Road Table in Morocco and loved it. And the mint iced [music] tea was so refreshing. Oh, nice. That's one restaurant I have not been to. >> Me neither. Okay, we'll have to make a reservation. >> Hi, Brian. Tiger tail. John loves snacking chats. Me too, John. Sorry, guys. Glad you enjoy them. All right, I'm going to go see about a water. Do you have You have one? Okay. >> So, right here, there we go. Okay, I'll be right back. And I'll get some napkins, too. >> Oh, maybe I should bring my wallet in case I don't have Oh, good point. free water. >> All right, I'll be right back. All right, thank you. >> Yeah, I need to try a spice road table. As soon as I let go, >> you say nothing. >> I wanted to say What is it? >> Okay. >> From where? Fried hummus stick sounds [music] really good. Mr. Old Mr. Young dude, >> that sounds delicious. There goes my hair. I'm get my hair done tomorrow. >> Oh, you are? >> I cannot wait. Yeah, >> it needs it. Some napkins. Thank you. >> Yeah. Let's open this and [music] then I'll sanitize. All right, guys. So, if you're not just joining us, we are trying here. Let's switch this around. So, we got Hello, everybody. We got these strawberry Oreos from China. So, I've never tried these before and they were only with my discount like a little over $6. So, >> nice. >> Not bad. >> Oh, look. They come in. >> That's >> You can have your own if you want. >> That's Oh, I see. >> I thought they were like individually wrapped. I see what you're saying now. [clears throat] >> If you want your own I mean as far as like >> All right. >> Oh, yeah. Let us know [music] what your favorite snacks are at. >> Epcot. >> Wow. Pretty good. Five cookies per little packet. So, 10 cookies total. >> That's a good >> It is. >> You know, if you have a family, you can >> Mhm. >> stop and get a box. And >> good little snack. I love Oreos. I haven't had an Oreo. >> Me, too. I haven't had either. They always >> remember the last time I had an Oreo >> teeth though. They got like Oreo teeth. [music] Yes, they do. What? Oh my word. I smell the strawberry. They smell so good. All right, let's see. See how these are. Oh, yeah. Mhm. Smell strawberry. >> Mhm. M. >> Okay. These might be my new favorite thing, >> right? >> These are good. They're really good. >> The strawberry is not overpowering. >> Agreed. But And it's a nice strawberry. It's not like a I mean, it's fake obviously, but it's a good >> strawberry cake. A fake a good fake strawberry. [laughter] You know what I mean? It's not like like you said, an overpowering like gross strawberry. Does that make sense? >> It's a good fake. [laughter] >> It's not the bad fake. A that's dream come true. I get it. >> Yeah. >> I like these a lot. >> Mhm. >> But they still have them in China. [music] Mhm. Try them when you come. >> Breakfast of champions. I'm still getting used to these glasses. >> Who doesn't like good fake? I know, right? >> They are really good. All right, we'll give you guys a better view of than me just eating an Oreo. They're amazing. Oops. Same view. Makes total sense. Bad is good. Fake is a thing. [music] >> Thanks, Token Fanboy. Thank you, Louise and Lee. >> You want Viking ears now? >> Me, too. >> Thanks, Brownie Brown. [music] I want those ones I got. >> Viking. >> Yeah, the the ones she got. Yeah, [music] >> I liked both of the Viking ears that we saw. >> But I really like those ones that light up. The northern lights. That was >> And they're rechargeable, so you know the batter is not going to >> Mhm. go out. >> Looks like strawberry [music] pink flowers behind you. >> Wait, now I have to see. Oh, on the tree. >> Oh, they're up there. Fun. They match my glasses. >> No. >> No shrimp chips today. >> No. What? >> Shrimp chips. >> No. Mm- [clears throat] Well, Jenna can have those all to herself. >> No, no, no. I had one bite. I don't know if you ever saw that vlog, but it was early on. Dale and I were doing the treats and snacks around the world. >> We were in China. [music] I took a bite and I go, "It tastes like feet." And Dale was like, "What?" >> He took a bite and he goes, "I like it." [laughter] >> Oh, no. >> Mhm. So funny. >> All right. >> Yeah, >> these are good. [music] >> These are so good. >> Kind of want more. Maybe I have one more. >> I know. Mhm. I may finish my packet. >> It should. >> It's replacing my caffeine that I was going to go. >> There's no caffeine in this. But let's pretend like there is >> sugar. >> Mhm. It'll wake you up for a second. >> We are 100% Jason. [music] There's single stuff, but I I'm actually not a fan of the double stuff. >> I like more of the cookie than the inside filling. I have not seen any new lug bags. No. H. Good point. >> Trying to think of the newest [music] one I saw was at Run Disney. >> Yep. >> Which you'll get to see in my vlog coming at 1:00 p.m. >> I bet there'll be one I don't [music] know for sure, but maybe this Friday. >> Mhm. >> For the festival. >> Mhm. >> I bet you're right. >> Or they'll restock the Figment one that they've had >> that they've had, >> which is really cute, >> which was the very first ever look back. Mhm. >> That came to Disney. Cory [music] Fruit Breck says, "I offered a shrimp chip to my cat sailor once. He said no." >> Mhm. >> Okay. Then we know >> that it tastes like beef. >> A thank you Ashley and Susan. Okay. >> It's a nice relaxing morning at Epcot. >> Mhm. Mhm. I love them. >> That was a great breakfast. >> It really was. >> Well, look. I can throw away this giant box >> and I can just put my two Oreos in here. >> I can take these home to Dale. >> He can give them a try. Yes. Thank you, [music] Amaro. We're at 39%, so we're good for now. I made a royal mess, but that's what Oreos do. Okay. M the Oreo thins. I don't I think I've had the Oreo thins. It's been a while. Shrimp are only good in their original form. I am with you. Oh, Mr. Dude. The stuffing is the best part. Okay. Yeah. Everybody's different. Hey, Princess Kristen. I feel like I need to look at my phone to see if I've got Oreo teeth. I was just thinking that it's the one thing about Oreos that cookie likes to stick to your Mhm. especially my teeth. I get everything stuck on my teeth. Sick game. I think I'm good. >> [music] >> Okay. Well, >> here we go. Oh, look at the boat coming. >> I'm going to go get a beer from Germany. >> I love that the boat goes to Germany now. Mhm. This is a great place to stick. So pretty. I know. So pretty. And I'm glad you guys can see from here. We can make it one more. [music] >> I just smashed the like button. I'm number 644. Thank you so much, John. >> Nice. >> Hey, hello. It's me. How are you today? >> Well, next up is Germany and then America. >> Where that guy really wants a beer? >> Yeah, he wants a beer there. >> He really, really wants >> I was about to say, "Okay, cool. We'll meet you there." [laughter] >> It was funny when I went to get water, everybody was getting an alcohol drink. >> Five o'clock somewhere. more funny. [music] >> Thanks, Token Fanboy. All right. >> Thank you for the >> You're welcome. I'm glad we liked them. >> I thought we would. I mean, Mhm. >> It's chocolate, Oreo, and strawberry. How do you go wrong? All right, put that down. [music] Pluto is ready to go. All right, here we go. [music] Oh, that's them. I was like, what is that clinging coming from? >> All right, here's a trash can. Okay. >> Oh, wow. EMR says that Grand Fiesta Tour is not even showing on the app anymore. >> Oh, must be having some big technical difficulties today. There's another art booth getting ready. [music] That's true, John. Yep. In Europe, they do have beer pretty early, too. >> Just like Epcot, the caramel corn from EP uh from Germany. I actually think I like the maple popcorn a little bit better from Canada. I want to go get the strawberry popcorn from I'm going to throw this away from um Magic. [music] >> So, like Oh, have you actually [music] >> getting set up over here? Pastoral pallet. They're training them over there. Love that. >> [music] >> Hi, Transformer Dad. How are you today? >> Donald is definitely missing. That's why they had to cancel [laughter] from Grand Fiesta. All right, let's go see if they have any new yummies today. Smells so good. [music] >> Sorry. It's hard to >> Yeah. Hard to tell, but >> looks pretty similar. >> Anything else? >> For my birthday, Josh got me the snicker doodle >> one with the caramel on the inside. Oh, so yummy. >> And it's two cookies cuz, you know, it's a sandwich. And I said [music] we could share it. He goes, "I had your birthday." He got us both one. He We're about We were eating it. He goes, "Yeah, we should have shared this." >> Yeah, [laughter] those are very rich. >> Very. But we took them home, so Ooh, what's this? Apple pastries with 30% apple filling. Those look yummy. Those do look good, right? Does it say the price? >> Yeah. Looks like a fig Newton but with apple. >> All right, guys. Sometimes it does lag in here. So, hey, Maria. How are you? John loves a maple popcorn. Dad loves a maple popcorn, too. [laughter] That's funny. >> Yep. It was a great sweatshirt. [music] >> Yeah, pretty much. >> And this one's Hufflepuff. No, I'm just kidding. [laughter] >> So, we take the, you know, >> Yep. logo. >> You can you can wear it to Universal, too. Oh, here here's Hufflepuff, actually. >> Don't be stressed. It's October Fest. It's cute. Very funny. >> All right, we're going to skip the crystal shop cuz I know it doesn't work in here. >> Yeah, I remember that. >> Mhm. >> Hi, LFC. How are you? >> Hi, Sony. [music] We're good, thanks. But feeling hungry with all these snacks. I know. Even after having the Oreos, I'm like, "Yeah, I'm still hungry." >> I know. Me, too. >> It was [music] just our appetizer. >> It was our appetizer. Agreed. >> Let's go see if they have anything new in the teddy bear shop. When we were in Germany, there were so many teddy bear shops. [music] And I wanted to go to all of them cuz you know, teddy bears. >> I know. Aren't those so cute? And you get what little teddy bear in there. >> Oh my gosh. >> I love it. Oh, these are new. Wishables. Oh my goodness. I want Pluto. >> They're What are they? World Showcase. They are World Showcase. >> Oh my goodness. >> Darn it. >> No, I want this. [laughter] Okay. Wait. We have Mickey from France. >> They're all cute. >> Dale's from Germany. Wait, is Mickey and Pluto from France? Oh, it says right here. Mickey's Italy. I'm sorry. Dale is Morocco. Pluto is France. Minnie is Japan. And Chip is Canada. Oh my goodness. I want >> Oh my gosh. >> I want Dale and Pluto. Should we get one for science? >> I think we should. >> Okay. >> And these are >> They're all cute. >> So, I don't really care which one I get. All right. >> Okay. >> Pick a good one. >> Sharon's going in for that one. Okay. >> Should I go check out? >> Yes. Go ahead. And then we'll flip-flop. >> I got to I I got to figure out which one I want. Let's see. Which one should I get, guys? is. Oh, there's more over here to pick from. Okay, I'm going to [music] pick. >> But wait, there's more. [laughter] I'm going to pick this one. Yeah. >> This is the one. This is the way. >> What's this? Pickup minis. Crispy cookies with natural artificial milk flavored filling. These look good. There's this one and this one. So, I don't know the difference. >> Butter biscuit. >> You lost the sound. Just refresh. Refresh. If you lost the sound. [music] Hey, Noel. How are you today? >> The double crunch peanut plantbased gummies. And then the big ones only days. Wonder if there's another um over here. Let's go check. >> Did you see this? Somebody was asking for this in the stream the other day. She's the 15th anniversary Tangled 15th. >> Ain't that crazy? >> Oh my goodness. Time is flying. >> I know. Seriously though. Um no. >> I guess that's it. All right, we're going to do an unboxing, guys. Oh, look at him. Oh my goodness. Look how cute. Maybe it's dark in milk chocolate. I bet you're right. Oh, good. I'm glad. I'm glad it's back. [music] >> Getting laggy. >> Working. >> Getting laggy. >> Yes. So, guys, got it. Got it. >> Okay, >> we'll go out and enjoy the scenery. It gets laggy in some of these shops. [music] So pretty in this courtyard, >> but it's not going right now. And after this, I [music] think we need to open our our blind boxes. >> We'll see what we each got. >> Hi, Noel. >> Yeah. >> Hello, Disney mama. Hi, Maria. Jenna is going to get the Nobel Prize. [music] >> Welld deserved. I would say >> I agree, Jedi Master Jason. The ambiance is really enjoyable, especially if you just take your time and walk around slowly and look at the details. [music] >> [music] [music] >> John, are you guys coming back anytime soon? [music] >> [music] >> I agree, old Mr. Young. Dude, >> you see all the details if you walk around. [music] >> You get You did it. >> Yes. >> Well, I think we're still connected. Yep. It's not red and laggy. So, you're good. All right. [music] Let's go out this way. See if we can find a >> table and we'll do an unboxing and then I can plug in. >> I love the music in here, too. >> It is a great I would say Germany and France are probably my two favorite countries in the World Showcase. It's hard to pick cuz they're all amazing. >> But I've actually been to those countries, so I just have a little connection with them. Obviously, I've been to the America one, too. But yeah. Oh, squirrel. >> That's one of our squirrels. It's one of ours. Yes. Our [music] friend. >> I didn't want to step on him. >> Of course not. >> I wasn't paying attention when you said squirrel. I'm like, "Oh, don't >> squirrel." Is Jessie Mouse here? I missed it. Somebody said [music] hi to Jessie Mouse. Oh, >> I don't see her. >> No, I don't see her. Maybe I missed [music] it. >> Oh, maybe they thought I was Jesse. >> Oh, maybe. Maybe. It's Sharon. >> DVC. Sharon. [music] >> Santana family. Hello. It has been a while, hasn't it? How are you? That's why get the annual pass. That way you could [music] take all the time you want. Oh yeah, the annual passes are the best the best way to go if you can. >> The annual pass is a really good deal if you come to the parks a lot. >> Break it out by the number of days you come. [music] It's really >> worth it. Totally. >> And you get discounts [music] on rooms and merch, some food, you know, sit down [music] restaurants. Jenna, were you able to see the new Run Disney Brooks? And I'm hoping they get put on the website. Yes, the castle ones. >> I cannot stop those shoes. >> I really still want the stitchy ones. >> I love the Chip and Dale. The >> Chip and Dale. I just I thought the color of those shoes. So cool. So cool. So >> this is It's like the color of the shirts that you guys wore for your race. >> I know. Exactly. So guys, if you're wanting to see them, I am going to have them on my um >> on my vlog that's coming out at 1:00 p.m. So in about a little little less than an hour, it'll be coming out. Um, so stay tuned for that. And, uh, you'll get to see the shoes. They had several different ones that you could choose from. We check out all the merch and all the things. So, uh, that'll be again 1:00 p.m. Let's go see what's in here. >> All right. I'm loving these glasses cuz I'm not I don't have to take them on and off >> every time I go inside. >> Oh, this is so cute. Oh my goodness. I love it. >> I know. Aren't [music] those pretty? Wow. Too many ears. >> Not enough space. I love the skirt, too. >> Isn't that pretty? >> Love it. Love it. Love it. >> Remy's nose is ninja watching. Awesome. Dad's here. Hi, Dad. He says hello. >> Hello, Dad. >> Hi, Mom. If you're there, too. >> This is amazing. >> Is it cute? >> Really long on you. >> It is very long on you. >> You know, this would be great for you, Jenny. It would be. Yeah. >> It's a very nice one. >> I mean, you know. >> Oh, that wind coming through there is cold. >> That's a lot of work. >> What's that? >> I said it could be hemmed, but that's a lot of work. >> It is a lot of work. >> I mean, I like this skirt long. >> Not that long. >> Yeah, it was a little long for you. Agreed. [music] I got the scarf when we were there. Oh, nice. Thanks, old Mr. Young Dude. All right, let's go in this shop. Sometimes they have some different [music] things in here. They're ready to sing. >> Oh my goodness, these ice [music] cream cups and things are adorable. So cute. >> Like almost like espresso. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> You could put your um Is it What is it with ice cream and espresso? Aagato. >> Yeah, >> you're right. It actually looks like an avocado size. >> There you go. >> I don't know what that says, but [music] yes, sure. >> Extra dolce. Oh, I found some new ears. Oh my goodness, these are amazing. Marty girl ears. >> Feel like I could just walk around and buy every single pair of World Showcase ears. >> Agreed. >> Wow, >> these are pretty. Are they playing on the back? Oh no. >> Wow. >> They're really really >> okay. These are amazing. Right. They're supposed to be Marty Girl. That's what they look like, right? >> Maybe not. >> You could wear them from Martyra. I definitely agree that the colors are perfect for >> Yeah. Oh, here we go. Carnival Day Italia. >> Those are brand new. This is new. >> Carnival shirt. >> Nice. Nice. Oh, and there's pins. Look at the pins. >> Oh, these are gorgeous. >> Wow. The bling bling. They're really blingy. Dolce means sweet. Okay, thanks. They are very blingy. Chihuahua dad is saying hi to my dad. Resort TV1 dad. There's more over here. But wait, there's more. Look, look at the mug. >> It's hard to see in this lighting. >> The lighting. Is it changing? >> I was like, "Wait, are those my eyes or >> No, it's a disco light. >> Okay, good. >> It's a party light. They know I'm having a problem if this [laughter] >> Do you need to go sit down? >> The lights are changing. Is it me? >> And she's had no margaritas. [laughter] That's funny. >> Oh my gosh. That's so funny. Oh, look at this ornament. >> These ears are just clawing. >> I know. Seriously though. Mhm. It really would. >> All right, let's go out this way. >> Into the courtyard private courtyard. >> Yeah, exactly. Hi, Kaye. How are you today? I'm Oh, so the shirt meant um I'm extra sweet. That's cute. I love that. [music] JFL sent $5 super chat says, "Ever play Kingdom Hearts with Disney characters." I have not played Kingdom [music] Hearts. I've heard of it, but I've never played it. Thank you so much, JFL, for the $5 super chat. [music] Very sweet. Tony says, "Add to Tim's cart. I like how you think." Thanks, Tim. >> Yeah. [laughter] I think out of all the ones we've seen in World Showcase so far, I'd probably get the Norway ones first >> because they do light up. >> I love the Norway. However, >> and then those are my second favorite. >> Second same. However, did were they more the ones in Norway or were they 36 or whatever it was? Yeah. >> Yeah. Normally your price. >> Well, I thought you know what? I might be wrong. >> Doing well, too. We should text Ivonne. She knows. >> I looked at the ears themselves like to see if there was a price tag and there was not on [music] the ears. So, I'm assuming it was posted, you know, above the ears, >> like they do now. Yeah. >> Uh, I played a little bit of the first game, although it was pretty hard. Okay. Kingdom Hearts is the best game. Nice. Okay. Never played. The [music] only games I've ever played is Animal Crossing, Hello Kitty game. Uh, it's kind of like Animal Crossing, Island Adventure. I think that's my favorite right now. And then I've played the Hogwarts um legacy game. That's also fun. Of course, Mario Kart. We play that all the time. That's like our go-to holiday game that we play as a family. We always end up playing Mario Kart. >> Oh, it smells amazing. Oh, should we sit here and do our unboxing? >> I like this plan. >> Yeah. >> Let's see. I'll go on the other side. That way they can Yeah. There we go. >> That's it. >> Yeah. Totally. >> Nobody's blocking your view. >> Perfect. and then we can see the unboxings. All right, guys. Let's have a seat. We're going to plug in and then we got we both got one of the World Showcase Wishables. And apparently the only shop that I've seen them in so far is the Germany shop, which is very random. It's Yeah, >> you would think that they'd have them in one of the like main like those World Showcase shops at the bottom of the hill, you know, before you go into the the traders or whatever that stores those two stores are called. Okay, so let me So >> I No, let me selfie here, guys, so I can show you what we're going to unbox today. >> Wait, you've never eaten at Regal Eagle? You got to eat there. It's so good. $5 from JFL. Kingdom Hearts 2 has Stitch [music] as a summon. Oh, cool. Whoops, wrong way. >> That's so cool. All right. And Grum Fiesta is open again. >> Yay. >> 5 minutes. Okay, cool. >> All right. Let's see here. Let me get it out. Why don't you do yours first? >> Let's show them what it is actually, though. >> Yeah. >> Again, if you missed it, so you can get um we've got Mickey Mouse from Italy, Dale is from Morocco, Pluto is from France, Minnie Mouse is from Japan, and Chip is from Canada. So, it's the main characters here. And I cannot wait to see what we get. So, Sharon's going to go first. >> Yeah, they're only in Germany as of now. >> I feel like they've got to be other places. Well, I don't know. >> That's all we see. But maybe >> maybe we'll see. >> We'll see. >> They're um on your list very well. They don't want you to >> Nope. cheat. >> Oh, you can um do the star and pull this back. >> You sure can. I like to make things difficult for myself. >> Can you tell that I've done this before? [laughter] >> Yes. Dad says a woohoo and unboxing. >> I know. They're all cute, aren't they? >> Oh. Oh, and they're not even in it. That's why they're taped down really well. >> What' you get? What' you get? >> Mickey. >> Oh my goodness. He's adorable. >> Oh my gosh. Look how cute he is. Look at his go. >> He's like one of those the rowers um in Italy on the gondilas. That's what he looks like. >> Oh my goodness. You are adorable, Mickey. >> I love it. Okay. >> Oh my gosh. >> All right. Sharon got Mickey. Let's see what I get. >> Interesting that they're just in the box. So now it makes sense why they were really really taped down and super tight. >> And they put them in boxes. You know, they used to be in bags so you could feel like [music] did this have ears? Does this not have ears? >> Exactly. >> You know, but now you can't do that. So, cuz people would be standing there literally. I was one of them. Yes. Okay. [music] What am I getting? >> Good at at >> guessing. And then the cast member, that one cast member was really helpful. >> Yes, we have a really nice cast member. Couple actually. Okay. Here we go. >> I really don't care who I get. I mean, I have a couple that I really want, but I'm not going to say. >> I know. I don't even It didn't even matter to me because they're all really cute. >> They're all really cute. >> Okay, here we go. >> Who is it? Who is it? Who is it? Ah, the one I wanted. >> Oh, wait. Is it Pluto? Oh, no. [screaming] >> I'm so excited. >> Yay. I'm so glad you got the one you wanted. Me, too. >> He is so cute. >> Okay, I'm excited. >> And he's he's big. >> He is big. He's bigger than Mickey. >> So, I wanted Dale or Pluto. Were my two like >> I love his little beret. And I got I know. I got two doggies. Oh, I'm so excited. He's adorable. Look at his little tongue. I love my idea of Chloe. >> These are so cute. >> Kind of addicting now. >> Right now you want more. Same. >> I want Dale. >> That's okay. I love Chip. He's a moose. >> I know. I love I love Chip and Dale. Really? They're all cute. >> I mean, I kind of want them all. Not going to lie. Yay. Bonjour Pluto. Exactly. A I wish I had Oh, I do. >> Oh, like a rubber band or something. >> I have one in my pocket. >> Then I can wear them on my See if it works. I don't know if it'll work. Let's see here. >> We'll tuck you safely away, Mickey, until see if I can attach him to my bag. >> Don't worry, guys. We're going to move on here in a moment. >> Very important unboxing. It was very important. I mean, I don't know about you guys, but I love unboxings. I watch them on Instagram all the time. Okay, I'm gonna wear him around. >> When I get home, I'll trim his little tag. >> He's so cute. >> He's really cute. >> Oh, I'm so excited. All right. If you like the character Jenna and Sharon got, bop the like button. That's right. >> Thank you so much. Actually, I don't need this. Oh, I'll just get and now we can be on our way. [music] Thanks, guys. All right. >> Now we have to get out. >> Now we have to What? Do I have to get up? >> I know, right? >> Exactly. >> I'm not as sore as I was on What day was that? Saturday. >> The next day. Yeah, >> Saturday. Dale and I both woke up like, "What just happened? >> [music] >> Okay, >> that was fun. I'm glad we got different ones, too, so we can show off. >> Yes, exactly. >> Different ones. All right. And don't forget, guys, I have a premiere vlog at 1:00 p.m. You don't want to miss it. >> It's from uh the run. Speaking of the run, it's from the Run Expo that time. Yeah, it sure is. >> Morning. It's fine, right? >> It really is. Well, you know, when you don't start till 10:00, I guess that was my fault. >> I keep thinking >> usually we start at 9:00. >> The tree is still up. Get a good look at that cuz it probably won't be here the next time. >> This was my favorite tree. I just think this tree is so pretty. >> Me, too. Christmas trees around >> of all of them. Yeah. I think Hollywood's my favorite. But this is pretty. >> Mhm. >> Well, magic, too. It's hard to pick. >> It is really hard to pick. [clears throat] artist's table coming soon, even though they still have it decorated for um Christmas. >> All right. Yeah, it is exciting. Just >> a few days away. >> I know. I love festivals at Epcot. The first day of the festival is always so fun. It's supposed to be really cold that day. Like that morning it might be in the 30s and then it's going to get up to maybe 50 maybe. And then that night it's going to be in the 40s again. >> Oh my [clears throat] goodness. So, yeah. Oh, I'm so excited. I got Pluto. >> That's awesome. [music] All right, we'll we'll keep our eye out. If we see the boxes anywhere else, we'll let you guys know. Ah, look, another Lur Connor card. It's Baymax. >> Oh, to take a picture and send it to Jesse. >> So, what is >> They're doing something for the >> festival. That's what I was wondering. That's really cool. All right. >> [clears throat] >> Oh, sorry. You may pay four whatever that is to play this on top of any one of your characters. Whatever that means. >> Yeah. >> When you play this character, if you used shift to play him, remove all damage from him. >> Okay. >> Okay. [laughter] >> If we knew the >> what that meant. >> Yeah. If we knew the game, >> we would know what to do. Oh, cool. JFK. >> What a beautiful day. It is gorgeous. The sun really has helped. >> Yeah. >> Warm it up. >> So comfortable. >> Yeah, it is very, very nice. Uh, we got to go in the Japan shop cuz you know, we just do. It's [music] one of my favorite shops. My favorite tree at Walt Disney property would be the one at the Wilderness Lodge. Oh, yeah. That is a good one. It's See, it's hard to pick. >> That resort is so pretty. >> I love that resort, especially at Christmas. >> Mhm. [music] >> But yeah, it's a great resort. Oh, [clears throat] yeah. They'll definitely have a a scavenger hunt. They always do. I think it's figment themed. You have to go around and find the figment uh paintings. [music] >> There's high horses. High horses. Get it? >> [laughter] >> Hi. Hi. >> Hi. Hi. Hi. They are funny. >> Oh my goodness. >> Look at my Melody and Hello Kitty and Komi. There's your favorite and my favorite. >> Exactly. I mean, they are best. >> I almost put that egg. >> I love that. >> Since I knew we were coming here. >> Coming here. Yes. [music] >> 100%. >> Look at them. >> One of wrap them up. So cute. I know. I wish we could use our discount here and I would buy more things. So, fun fact, Japan lets you use your discount there, but they don't they don't here cuz it's not technically owned by Disney. >> Even if they had like the Disney blind boxes in here, you don't get to use your discount. N Well, then you don't want to buy one again. >> No Disney discounts here. Oh my goodness, she is so cute. >> These are really cute. >> $24. Why? Why? Why? She has croissants on her head. [clears throat] >> She's cute. >> She is cute. I like him, too. >> Mhm. >> Peckle. I think his name is Peckle. That's Simmer. >> Simmer. >> Simmer. >> Ooh, these are fun. >> Hello Kitty hats. >> It's soft on the inside. [music] It has like a >> like fleece silk kind of lining. >> Very nice. That would help like not mess up your hair as bad. >> Better for your hair. >> Oh, they have a Hello Kitty sweatshirt over here. I need to check this out. >> Yeah. >> That's cute. >> I like the kind of distressed look. >> Me, too. Oh my goodness. Aged. >> It Yeah, it definitely looks age. I love the bows on the back. What's cinnamon roll? >> Exactly. >> Love it. >> Choco cat. >> Lorana is a bit like magic. You use ink like currency to draw characters. Play them from your hand to the table and then send them questing to get points or to distract the opponent's quest. >> Oh, okay. That's cool. Love it. >> Pluto. [music] >> Oh, he looks so cute. >> There we go. Kind of see it. >> There he is. Super. >> I love him. Look at these. So soft. >> So if you want some Hello Kitty stuff right now, Walmart has a ton of Valentine >> Oh, >> Hello Kitty stuff. >> And I got a blind box. It was $6. >> Oh, >> and I got my Melody. >> Wow. >> It was awesome. If they still have them, they go pretty quick at Walmart. But it was up in like the Valentiney stuff. [music] What's this? What's this? What's this? >> Oh. Uh, a bowl. I guess it's a bowl. >> Okay. >> I don't see that they have one out on display and I don't know from it, but yes, it's a bowl. >> Here's the picture. >> Oh, I'm so excited for the Animal Crossing update. Yeah. When does that happen? What's What's this? [laughter] Oh, another little bowl. That's adorable. >> I would have loved that as a kid. I mean, who am I kidding? I eat out of it now. [laughter] >> Yep. Me, too. So funny. >> Just makes me time more fun. >> Exactly. Exactly. [music] >> All right. Oh, there's more Hello Kitty back there. >> It's everywhere. No pom pom purin. >> I love them all. She's like, "Nah, I'm going to come home with you." >> The pillow soft. >> Yep, they do have Mario and friends here. It is funny now that >> Epic has Nintendo World. [music] >> It is kind of funny. It's like that story about >> Well, let's make our way through here and we'll go to the the food section. I always like to look in there. See what other things they have. Let's go there. [clears throat] >> Sushi master. That's so funny. >> Yeah, I can't see. [music] >> Oh, it's busy in here. >> Surprisingly busy in here, >> right? It's a great store. I understand why, but wow. Look at these kitties. That's so cute. They're like samurai kitties. Uhhuh. >> They're sold on these little >> $14.95 for one. Oh, these are fun. [music] Oh, look at the family of kitties. There's [music] a doggy. Hi. Hi. [music] Are these like pen swords or they just >> Oh, that's a good question. Oh, no. I think you just >> a scroll and a weapon. >> Okay, [music] I guess it's just a decoration. That'd be cool if it was a pen. >> Functional as well. [clears throat] >> Little bells. [music] >> Bonsai trees. What is this for? >> Oh my goodness. Is this a My Melody sucker? That is a Yes. Adorable. >> $6. [music] I mean, I'm sure it's hard to make, but dang. We have Pocky gummies. When I was a kid, I always got the marshmallow Hello Kitty marshmallows every time. >> I don't know what that is. Little fishies. I love the quick service here. Dale and I ate here on New Year's Eve. It was so delicious. Oh, >> these are like hard candies. Milk candy. As you know, everybody wants a milk candy. [laughter] >> You get hot and hot and spicy chips. >> Oh, yeah. I'm okay. I'm okay. Milk cream [music] rice cakes. >> I have had these. Um, not the seaweed. I got the butter ones. They are delicious. >> Yeah. >> Oh, teriyaki sounds good. >> Oo, that does sound good. >> What's this? What's this? Whatever they are. They're nice and lightweight. Probably rice crackers. One day I want to come in here and try the ice cream that's back in the freezer. Oh, here it is. It's right here. It's these frozen wafers. Jesse got one. She said they're amazing. >> So, >> I like those wafer cookies, >> right? >> And >> now there's ice cream. So, you know. >> Yeah. So, I'm definitely going to get one of those, but not today. >> I want it on a little warmer day. >> Also, when I'm not streaming in case it hurts my tummy. >> So, it's just hard to eat ice cream. >> True. >> That is a good point. >> Have especially with a sandwich. Yeah. Oh, did it have bean paste in there? I know they do a lot of the bean filling in some of their items. [music] >> We need it for science. Oh, let's see if they switched any of these. See if they're new. These are the [music] blind box things as well. They've had the same ones for a long time, but Oh, no. It looks like they might have some new ones. >> Oh, >> these are new. >> Vending machines. >> Yeah. >> Oh my goodness. >> Just like they have in Japan. >> Yep. Lots of these in Japan. [music] >> This one's new. Dang it. Kirby. Some of these I don't know. We got Dinosaur World. [music] >> Okay, these are closed. >> Okay, I got this one. So, this has been here for a while. I got Simmerroll out of that one. Those are the same. And what do we have here? Okay, these are all the same now. Okay. Oh, no. This one's different, I think. [music] And this one. Fluffy. >> Fluffy flocky. Fluffy flocky mascot. >> It's hard to [music] say. Tim got this one. >> Oh, that's neat. >> Yeah. >> That's right. I don't know what the dairy 411 is. Manoa, if I'm sure it's dairy with the ice cream. >> Yeah, I would think so. But Jesse said it didn't hurt her stomach. So, I don't know. I I'm willing to try for science. Yes, Tim. Tim and I did try those for science. Those machines. [music] Yeah. In about 30 minutes, we're going to be watching my vlog. Don't go anywhere. It's a lot of fun. We go to the expo and check out all the things, all the merch. And then I'm going to go home either today or tomorrow and edit the 10K. and put that up soon. All right, let's go to the next country. [music] I think it's Morocco is next. Oh, we're always about science here. Exactly. [clears throat] I mean, Figment, you know, his original ride, he's always like, "What about science?" Science. And this one is getting ready for Festival of the Arts. Coming soon. [crying] Congrats on the run. So many good memories of those. Yeah, the run was so fun. I actually really enjoy them. Um, and you know, it just it's a great accomplishment [music] when you get down. You're like, "Dang, I I did it. I did it." >> And we were in a good corral, too. >> We were in a good corral. Yeah, compared to what we're normally in. So, I I didn't have to like worry about the balloon ladies as much, which was great. >> We were one up from the last one. >> We thought we were in the last one, and when we got there, we were pleasantly surprised. >> That's very nice. >> Hi, Kevin. [music] [clears throat] Some more art going to be over here. That's why I [music] like the stream. I'm a scientist. Multiple subjects, Disney included. I love that. Yeah, I think a lot of the people here today are, >> you know, here from the races. >> Mhm. >> I would say races. I should say run Disney's >> beach. >> Whatever you want to call it. All right, we got Morocco. Let's go in this shop. I never go in this one. >> I never shop either. >> Oh, look at Pluto. >> The genie. We got Remy. Donald. Oh, and Mickey fun. This is a fun shirt. I wish it was longer, too. That's the only thing about the festival of the arts. It's very short. >> Yes. >> For a festival. Yeah. Very short. >> That's so cute. I loved Raja when I was little. And a boo. I mean, how can you not like a boobs? Here's some of the pins. >> Jenna, you are blinding me with science. >> I don't remember that song, John from the 80s. Yeah. Okay. Sorry, I don't remember. >> She blinded me with >> I want to go back into Morocco. I'm curious if they still have where you can get henna. Or is that right here? No, that's right here. >> Oh, it is right there. >> Okay. I might have to do that to practice for a real tattoo >> to see if I like it. >> I did that once, but I think it would be good to do again, you know, like Okay. >> So, it's kind of where I want it. Uh-huh. >> And it it usually henna lasts about a week or so. Depending on how like where it's at and how much you wash, you know, if it's on your hand, it's going to go off pretty quick because you wash your hands a lot. But if it's on your arm or your leg or something, it might go away quicker. >> Yeah. All the things, all the art. >> You're looking forward to the festival of no festivals. That's [laughter] summertime. I love that. That is summertime. I actually miss during the summer. They don't do really anything at Disney because people come anyways. They don't have to do anything to get people to come. And for me, that's one of the I mean, besides July 4th, it's just, you know, the same stuff. So, I love when they do all the different, you know, festivals and the holidays and all the things >> and it's the hottest [music] time of the year here. >> Hey, Britney. >> Definitely have to be prepared. >> Hi, Stacy. Yep. Prepared. Get your water and all the things. Hi, Lee. Umbrella. Definitely umbrella. Don't use soap or lotion when you have henna on your hands. Okay. >> However, I'd want to use a lot of soap on my hands. >> Yes. >> Especially this time of year. >> So, I wouldn't put it on my hand. I would put it where I want the tattoo. I think on my wrist somewhere. >> You're going to come to the flower and garden festival. That's awesome. Let's go into the France shop. You know what sounds so good >> is the ham and cheese croissant >> from here. >> I love the >> bakery, >> but it's always so busy in there. >> Today, maybe not as bad, but if you are here, I do recommend getting there at like 11. >> Yeah, you get there early. >> Right away. >> Yep. >> And you can get it without a bad line. >> They need a festival of the festivals. That's funny. Okay. >> All the >> flowers and things. [music] >> Yes. Yes, it is. >> Lobster bis. Oh, that sounds good. They have Belle [clears throat] over here. I love Cogsworth. He's so cute. He's $84.99. >> That's awesome. Leaf. >> But he actually works. He's actual clock. >> Yeah, he is >> $84.99. >> I mean, I would think so. [laughter] >> How cool would that be >> if you press a button? Uh-huh. >> You just [music] start to talk. >> Got the playset down here. >> Yeah, it is. Mercedes for sure. >> It does go fast though. They do a great job getting people through that line. >> Yes. >> Yeah, they really do. >> Yeah. [music] Let's [clears throat] go see what that's in this one. I don't think I can go to the back shop. That one. We could try. It lags sometimes. >> Yeah. Likes to lag. >> Oh, just kidding. You can't go through. Oh, here's Okay, this one's so cute. Oh, we're lagging already. [music] Mom has this one. I love it. >> She needs this uh this to go with it. >> This would be great for the art festival, actually. Especially since it's going to be cold. Got the spirit jersey. >> These are so cute. >> I love it. That's really nice. I'm coming into the conversation [music] that you want to get a tattoo. Are you getting one with Chloe's name on it? I'm going to get her paw print. >> Okay. More cute ears. >> I love that, Robert. I know. Aren't these adorable? >> That's [clears throat] so cute. This is cute, [music] too. Oh, I want this in my size. >> It pro I probably could. >> You probably could. >> Extra large. >> But yes, I agree. This is really >> fun. >> I'd have to get [music] the beret if you got that shirt. >> Uh-huh. Have to >> have to. >> I know who you are. >> Hi. >> Your channel and your brother. I I I follow all your stuff. >> Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Yeah. Hope you have a good day today. >> And I've seen your brother before. He was in the park, but I heard your voice and I was like, that's her. >> A I love that. That's awesome. Well, thank you for watching. A have a good day. [music] >> Wait, what? >> Bar of vodka. Chocolate >> chocolate liquor. [laughter] >> I know. That's what I was like, what? >> Oo, there's a lot. >> Yeah, they look like little bowling pens, don't they? Lemon vodka, raspberry vodka, apple vodka. Apparently, >> this might be a for science. >> Yeah. >> And I'm assuming they're not that much liquor. Well, liquor filled chocolate. I don't know. Okay. I wonder if you have to show your ID. >> Like milk chocolate. [music] And on the inside there's a little bit of >> That's what I'm guessing. Like a shell of chocolate >> flavored. It's just, you know, infused with the flavor. >> I would assume it's not much. >> Yeah. Oh, guys, 30% off Disneyland Paris merch. I do love that bag. >> That bag. That bag. Is >> that pretty? Rich says, "I'll [music] take one of each." >> I do love this. >> It is fun. [music] >> I know. Isn't that fun? I actually, when we were in Disneyland Paris, I looked all over for a shirt [music] that said Disneyland Paris. They didn't have any when I was there years and years ago. Oh, you have to come to Disney World to get a shirt that says Disneyland. >> So, my brother had gone back and he got me one later. They finally got him. >> Uh, JFL $5. Uh, all the Disney princesses [music] are in the game, too. You guys should stream the game on your channel. A, that sounds fun, JL. Um, I know Josh might do that on his channel. That sounds like something he would do. That's super cool. >> Thank you so much, J. All right. It usually lags in here. Let's give it a try. Oh, I got to plug in actually. Nope. We got to do that right now. >> Look at the line for that. >> Is it long? >> I was going to say I could get in line and get us lunch. >> Oh, yeah. >> And you get a place to sit cuz you'll be starting your walk around and then >> it come. It looks pretty long, doesn't it? >> Really long. >> Do you mind holding this for us? >> No. No. >> I realize we have seven% left. >> 7% left. Uh-huh. You know, >> zero better than Yeah. Uh-huh. >> Let's see. I know it's down here somewhere. There it is. I feel it. >> John says you need to get that bag. >> It's pretty cool. >> Mhm. >> I mean, since I have actually been there. You've been there, too, right? >> To Disneyland, Paris? No. >> No. Okay. >> You've been to Japan? >> I've I've been to Japan, but I did not go to Disney. >> Gotcha. We weren't really into Disney when we went to Japan. We did like a we did a whole like country, you know, cross country, >> you know, our own >> looking at all the things. Yeah. >> Which I also want to do, you know. Okay. >> If I would have been able to see into the future and knowing how much I would love Disney, that was Andy and I that was back before we were married. >> Oh, okay. So, it was a long time ago. Yeah. And >> that just means >> I would have gone if I would have known. Gotcha. >> Love Disney. >> Cuz you went all the way over there. And Yeah. >> Into Disney back then. I had been to Disneyland, but he had never been. >> Gotcha. >> So you were just there to see the pretty. >> I was there to see Japan. >> Uh-huh. Which I also want to do if we go. >> Yeah. Oh, I loved it. >> Japan looks beautiful. But yes, since I've actually been to Disneyland Paris, I would get the bag >> since I have been there. Dis Magic Moments. Hello. >> I would get the merch and call it a down payment for the trip. >> Oh, maybe not. There you go. I like that, Britney. All right. Well, we'll make our way over to the UK. I'm glad they're selling Brooks riding shoes outside the expo these days. Scored some here at home. Nice. You mean the Disney ones? They I mean they've always sold Brooks everywhere. But do they have the Disney ones outside of the parks? >> That's what I was wondering because [clears throat] >> we do, Tim. We do. >> So cute. >> Yeah. So cute. >> I wondered if they had the Disney Brooks. >> There's another one. >> Brooks store in Disney Springs. [clears throat] >> Oh, you know. that run that run Disney shop that I thought was going to be next across from the Disney drop shore. It is it's Run Disney now. All >> across from there. All right, we have Belle. >> And I wonder if the themed [music] shoes. >> That's a great question. >> Outside of the expo. >> That is a great question. >> And at the expo, they led us to believe that that was the only place we were going to >> we could buy them. Uh-huh. Cuz they kept saying, "You need shoes." Oh, good morning, Nikki. How are you? Thank you so much. You're so sweet. >> Oh, so where did you find the Disney ones? >> Like outside of the expo, as in maybe Disney Springs. I'm about ready to shed this sweatshirt. [music] >> Yeah, it's getting warm. >> It is. >> You can get the Disney ones online a couple days after the weekend. I'm [music] still on the fence. Oh, okay. Good to know. Well, there you go. >> Yeah, >> you can't use your discount. >> No, those were. >> But you should also go to the uh spring store to see if they have [music] them first. Then maybe you could use your discount. >> I actually don't know if you're allowed to on the Brooks website. Oh, okay. Very cool. [music] Very nice. Thanks, guys, for letting me know. So, let's chat about um David's Vacation Club rentals. [music] If you guys would like to book a stay at a Disney Deluxe Villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out at dvcrequest.com/tv. dvcrequest.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. Let's see. We also have um dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to book one of those hard to get dining reservations, dreamtable.co will help you get those reservations. So, all you have to do is download the app or check it out on dreamt.co [music] and uh put in the reservation that you're looking for, the day, the number of people, and they'll notify you whenever that reservation becomes available. They will not make it for you. So, they'll just notify you and then you go on the app and you make that reservation yourself. So, again, dreamtable.co. [music] I feel like the vibe here today is just very chill and nice. I love it. [music] >> Nobody's in a super big hurry. >> Oh my goodness. So cute. Little service dog over there. [music] >> All right, let's head in here. I always like to see what they have in the shop in the back. I mean, I like all the shops here. Yeah, they probably do have some cute ears. Hi, Anthony. Uh, let's see. We also have Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified. These are uh two books by David Mower. You can find them on Amazon. You can get the hard coverver copy, the ebook. You can also get the audio book for Disney Demystified. [music] And uh just check out these amazing books. Um Disney demystified will teach you all the Disney knowledge that you'll ever need. And then behind the ride tells you how some of your favorite rides were created here at Walt Disney World. [clears throat] Hi uh Eden. That's so awesome. Driving down from Canada. So Josh and I are doing the >> 10K for the springtime surprise [music] >> and it's Winnie the Pooh themed. >> So I might need those Winnie the Pooh ears [music] that I've never gotten. >> April. Yeah. [clears throat] These [music] I might have to actually just buy them. I haven't bought them yet. >> So >> that's fun. >> I know. I'm excited. [music] We met. >> Are all the events >> um sold out? >> Winnie the Poo themed? >> No, just a 10K. >> Okay. >> The 10K is Winnie the Poo. So, the springtime is all just different. Random. [music] >> Oh, >> so I can't remember what all the others, but I remember I saw 10K was the Poo. Oh, I love that shirt. >> It's really pretty. >> Wait, hang on. Nuh-uh. >> What? [laughter] >> It's like a little kid shirt. >> Oh, maybe it is a little kid. It is a little kid shirt. It is. >> Well, it's kind of >> extra extra large >> wide for Oh, yeah. >> That's adorable. >> Short for you, but >> Yeah. >> Otherwise, it's >> I love that. I'm like, hang [music] on, it opens. >> It did. Yeah. [music] Oh, this is cute. Apparently, everybody else liked it, too. It's the map of the 100 Acre Wood. Um, >> it is $69.99. [music] >> Hi, Kimmy. How are you? >> My son is running as Poo and I'll be Tigger. Oh, I love that. >> That's so cute. >> No, this will be his first. Yeah. And we're running it for the for a charity that we're going to tell you guys about soon. [music] I met with her on Saturday, so we got to hear all about it. It was pretty fun. Can't wait to run for this charity. Super [music] awesome. These ears are adorable. So, is this dress? It's kind of heavy. Oh, yeah. It does look heavy. It's cute though. >> Mhm. Uh, Jenna, as you do your research, you may find an [music] artist that's experienced in template transfer from a faith photo of Chloe [music] since approp size appropriate. Of course, they turn out beautifully. You mean as a tattoo or as like a [music] Maybe that's what you're talking about, Corey. Cuz I have I want to do a paw print and I have several of her paw prints. Of course, they're not [music] perfect because you can't get a perfect one when they're moving and whatever. And uh anyho, I'm wondering how they'll do that, you know, do that from the paw print picture to a tattoo. So, I don't I almost want to just like make an appointment and ask questions before I do it. Like, you know what I mean? I don't know if they draw their own version of, you know, what it is and then Okay. Oh. Uh, we're good now. >> Oh, that's awesome, JLo. [music] >> All right, guys. >> Well, we only have about six more minutes. [music] Maybe we should go find a table down here and just >> sit and get ready for the >> to switch you guys over. >> Um, so we can chat with you over on the Premiere. >> It's also a great place [music] to >> chill and eat your fish and chips. >> Have a beer if you like beer. I'm not a beer fan. >> But they do have them here. >> Hey, birds. Maybe right here. >> All right. Sorry, that's really loud. >> Very loud. >> All right, guys. And um so don't go anywhere. We're going to switch you over to the premiere vlog here in just a couple minutes. But as soon as we get our chairs situated. Um but I also want to show you my metal since it is metal Monday. I brought it. I wasn't going to bring it and I was like, "Oh, it's metal Monday. I'll bring it." So your medal >> I know I should have wore it. I wore it on Friday all night after the run. But here guys, let me get you situated and then I'll show you my medal. Hope you've enjoyed the stream. Don't go anywhere. A yes tattoo. Every artist has specialty and yes, you 100% ask questions about who might do what you want. You can research artist portfolios online. Okay, good to know. Thanks, Corey. [clears throat] At Heart and Huntington at Citywalk, they can do [music] actual pictures as tattoos. >> I know Chris does a really good job with it. He did my butterfly tattoo and did a good job distracting me. Okay, good to know, Nikki at CityWalk. I [music] I've seen that tattoo place there before. I thought that's where you >> That's um >> got yours. The founder of that is Married to Pink. >> Really? Oh, that makes sense. Oh. Oh, how cool is that? Okay. All right, guys. [music] Let me >> Yeah, they have their kids are getting older, too. >> Yeah. >> Get my metal out. I put it in [music] a little towel, so it was nice and protected. [music] You thought it was Manic Monday. It's magical Monday, metal Monday, whatever Monday you want it to be. What is going on? I'm hitting the wrong buttons. There we go. >> Yeah. Hello everybody. So, here is our 10K medal. I love it so much. And then Dale moves. [music] >> Oh my gosh. >> Isn't that cute? >> It's so cute. >> I love it. So, what I've noticed cuz this is my second 10K and we've [music] done two 5Ks. >> Um, the medals get a little bit bigger >> and do like do a little bit more [music] >> sometimes, not always. At least with the two and two that I have. >> Okay. >> Um they're just a little bit bigger. Not a lot, but if you put them next to each other, which makes sense because you pay more for the 10K and you, >> you know, run more, >> but here you go. Here's what it is. Love my shades. Thank you. >> They look really cute. >> Thank you so much. So, yeah. And here's the back. This year they're all about what's your story is the whole tagline for Run Disney. So, marathon weekend and they all have this little Mickey [music] um looks like a diamond. I'm sure it's not, but little diamond Mickey on the back >> to so you know it's authentic. >> Mhm. >> And then it's got 10K chip andale there on the uh lanyard, I guess. So, yeah. I love it. I need to find a place in my office to to [music] hang them up because this is my fourth medal now. I have two and two. pay your medals. >> Yeah. >> Two and two. And then next month we're going to have [music] another 5K. >> So I'm going to have >> Oh, we do have Yeah. >> three 5Ks and then in April I'm going to have another 10K. So then I'm going [music] to have three 10Ks. >> Wow. You definitely need some sort of display. >> Yeah. >> Or hang them up on the wall somehow. I don't know. We'll figure out. Not exactly sure. Thanks everybody. Isn't it pretty? They do a great job with their metals. >> Yeah. And of course, if there's ever a stitch race, I don't care what it is. Now, they did that stitch um to say hi. We watch every Friday. How you doing? We met you so Yeah. Good to see you. How you guys doing? >> Doing good. I love your outfit. Thank you so much. Hope you guys have a great day. Okay. >> You too. Take care. Nice seeing you. Bye. Just lost. >> I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah, it's hard. You guys look so cute in your outfit. really cute. [laughter] >> Have fun. >> His little outfit. >> I know. He's adorable. >> Oh my gosh. >> Yeah. I don't remember what I was saying. All good though. >> But yes. Oh, Tim says, "Welcome to the addiction." I know. >> Oh, if there was a stitch race 100%. >> I would try to sign up in a heartbeat. It's time to switch you guys over. >> There hasn't been a stitch race. >> It's time. It's time, guys. I got to switch you over. So, thanks for watching. Thanks for hanging out with us today. And uh please go over to the premiier vlog. We'll see you over there. Really appreciate if you guys watch the vlogs as well. It really does help from the expo. So, we'll see you there. Oh, I should Sophie if you want a selfie. Yep. Come on over. All right, guys. Thanks again. It's been fun. And uh we'll see you soon over in the premiere vlog. Josh will not be live tomorrow, but I will hopefully be live on Wednesday. So, stay tuned. All right. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Byebye. >> [music] [clears throat] [music]
