---
video_id: ZaI6gOBoj_4
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Friday Night Live Stream Announcement - 3-27-26 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-03-27
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaI6gOBoj_4
---
Guess what day it is? That's right. It's Friday Night Live and tonight we're going to be having a great time visiting and enjoying some time at Disney's Hollywood Studios. Have the right shirt on for the occasion and everything. There you go. So, we're going to be enjoying Friday Night Live here at Disney's Hollywood Studios. So, we can't wait to enjoy that with you. and uh we haven't been there for a while, so it's going to be a lot of fun to just enjoy all the things that Hollywood Studios has to offer. Of course, sometimes the the wait times are longer and things like that. So, who knows how many rides we'll get to do, but we'll definitely uh try and do the um the uh Chinese theater show there, the the animation show as well as the movie show. Maybe Fant maybe Fantasmic. I was going to say Fantasia, maybe Fantasmic. Uh so, just who knows what we'll do, but it's going to be a lot of Hollywood Studios fun tonight. We will probably try and do Fantasmic. I think that's always a lot of fun. So, uh, either way, it it'll be fun to be at Disney's Hollywood Studios tonight and it's always a good time. Sorry, I have to fix this. You guys ever have this issue when you see the Oops, it's on this side. You see the picture? It's a little crooked. There we go. Can't have horizons Can't Wh that made it worse. Can't have horizons crooked, can we? Ah, that's better. All right. Anyway, [laughter] it's been a long day. I've actually been up since 4:30 this morning cuz Liam had an early field trip and so uh I'm probably a little out of it. But that's why these Friday night announcements are fun, right? Because uh we just get to chat and have a little bit of a of a fun conversation in the morning. And so anyway, tonight we'll be live at Disney's Hollywood Studios around 6:00 p.m. Eastern time and uh that'll be a lot of fun. So I hope you'll join us for that. Uh it'll be fun to also um have a Saturday stream. So, usually I do Saturday night at Magic Kingdom and I do enjoy that. Uh, but I think this time we have an early Sunday morning. We're going to go do something fun with some of our friends. And so, uh, I think I'll probably do, um, Saturday afternoon or Saturday morning. So, stay tuned. Probably at Magic Kingdom. Uh, I don't know exactly know, uh, what time I'll start on Saturday, but, uh, stay tuned. It may be like, uh, around lunchtime or a little before and then maybe go through the parade or something. So, it'll be a Saturday morning and afternoon live at Magic Kingdom. So, that'll be fun. And we always enjoy the parade and all the things Magic Kingdom has to offer. So, Saturday at Magic Kingdom, tonight, Friday Night Live at uh Disney's Hollywood Studios. I say tonight, of course, I record this, you guys, I think, have figured out. I record this on Thursday night. So, um Thursday was the day I was up at 4:30 in the morning. And so, it's now, what time is it? It's a little before 10:00. So, um I just got home. Uh Liam got home late from the field trip and we had some dinner with some friends and so anyway, yeah, sleep that's not something that we're going to get a lot of these next couple days, but uh either way, he had a great time. Uh he got to go to St. Augustine and enjoyed some time with his classmates and everything. So that was super fun. Uh but that's why I'm tired and probably not making a lot of sense right now. So either way, we will see you uh when you watch this. It'll be Friday and uh we'll see you tonight at 6:00 p.m. Eastern time at Disney's Hollywood Studios. So, join us for that and join me sometime on Saturday. Probably uh late morning, early afternoon for uh Magic Kingdom fun. So, lots of fun this weekend. Can't wait to share it all with you. I'll probably also post my Mega Con video on Saturday. Maybe we'll do a premiere after the stream because Megaon video is done. I just need to upload it and do the thumbnail and all that stuff. So, hopefully I can do that maybe Saturday morning. So, either way, it's been a busy week. Uh but it'll be fun to spend some time with you guys at Walt Disney World and uh on Resort TV 1. So, we'll see you tonight, 600 p.m. Eastern time. Uh, please go please go check out our awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below. We've got mickeyras.com for the best in free Disney vacation planning. Again, mickeyras.com and mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. So, mickeyras.com, mickeyblog.com. We've also got resortbomes.com. If you're looking at buying your dream home here in Central Florida, just go to resortbomes.com, click on contact us. We also have David's DVC rentals. DVCrequest.com/tv if you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost. David's DVC Rentals. Check them out. Uh we also have Behind the Ride on Amazon. If you want to learn about how all your favorite rides were created, go to Amazon, search for Behind the Ride or Disney Demystified, and there's even an audio book now of that. So that's a lot of fun. Dream Table is an awesome app that gives you access to all kinds of awesome reservations for uh dining experiences and other types of reserved experiences at all the Disney parks. So, check that out. Dream Table on the App Store. Also, Layer 1 Technology if you need any IT support for your small or medium-sized business here in Central Florida. All the links are in the description. Uh and we'll see you tonight at 6 PM Eastern time for Friday Night Live at Disney's Hollywood Studios. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
