---
video_id: cJ5RcxmVYjY
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Friday Night Live Stream Announcement - 1-2-26 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-01-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJ5RcxmVYjY
---
Guess what day it is? That's right. It's Guess what day it is? That's right. It's Guess what day it is? That's right. It's Friday Night Live. And tonight is going Friday Night Live. And tonight is going Friday Night Live. And tonight is going to be a very special Friday Night Live to be a very special Friday Night Live to be a very special Friday Night Live because Jyn and I will be back together because Jyn and I will be back together because Jyn and I will be back together and we'll be doing our stream together and we'll be doing our stream together and we'll be doing our stream together tonight at the Magic Kingdom. We're tonight at the Magic Kingdom. We're tonight at the Magic Kingdom. We're going to go back to the Magic Kingdom. going to go back to the Magic Kingdom. going to go back to the Magic Kingdom. It'll be the first Friday Night Live It'll be the first Friday Night Live It'll be the first Friday Night Live without a party at the Magic Kingdom without a party at the Magic Kingdom without a party at the Magic Kingdom since like probably August, early August since like probably August, early August since like probably August, early August or July. I'm going to say July. I or July. I'm going to say July. I or July. I'm going to say July. I haven't looked back actually to see for haven't looked back actually to see for haven't looked back actually to see for sure, but we're going to be live at sure, but we're going to be live at sure, but we're going to be live at Magic Kingdom enjoying uh all the things Magic Kingdom enjoying uh all the things Magic Kingdom enjoying uh all the things that Magic Kingdom has to offer, that Magic Kingdom has to offer, that Magic Kingdom has to offer, including of course the Starlight including of course the Starlight including of course the Starlight Parade, Happily Ever After, and several Parade, Happily Ever After, and several Parade, Happily Ever After, and several rides. Of course, the last few days we rides. Of course, the last few days we rides. Of course, the last few days we haven't gotten to ride very many rides haven't gotten to ride very many rides haven't gotten to ride very many rides because we've been focused on the New because we've been focused on the New because we've been focused on the New Year's festivities. And by the way, Year's festivities. And by the way, Year's festivities. And by the way, happy new year. Um really awesome on happy new year. Um really awesome on happy new year. Um really awesome on this second day of the new year of 2026. this second day of the new year of 2026. this second day of the new year of 2026. I hope 2026 has started off well for you I hope 2026 has started off well for you I hope 2026 has started off well for you and I hope that you are already into the and I hope that you are already into the and I hope that you are already into the swing of things and uh enjoying some swing of things and uh enjoying some swing of things and uh enjoying some time with friends and family. So uh and time with friends and family. So uh and time with friends and family. So uh and definitely have to shout out my Indiana definitely have to shout out my Indiana definitely have to shout out my Indiana Hoosiers because they won the Rose Bowl Hoosiers because they won the Rose Bowl Hoosiers because they won the Rose Bowl yesterday. I was so excited to see that yesterday. I was so excited to see that yesterday. I was so excited to see that and they even showed the Marching and they even showed the Marching and they even showed the Marching Hundred which if you don't know I was Hundred which if you don't know I was Hundred which if you don't know I was actually in the IU Marching Hundred uh actually in the IU Marching Hundred uh actually in the IU Marching Hundred uh which is Indiana's marching band and uh which is Indiana's marching band and uh which is Indiana's marching band and uh so I was so excited to see my Hoosiers so I was so excited to see my Hoosiers so I was so excited to see my Hoosiers win and uh you know definitely win and uh you know definitely win and uh you know definitely congratulations to the entire uh congratulations to the entire uh congratulations to the entire uh football program and the whole football program and the whole football program and the whole university. That was pretty awesome. So, university. That was pretty awesome. So, university. That was pretty awesome. So, and uh you know, Alabama is a great team and uh you know, Alabama is a great team and uh you know, Alabama is a great team and I know they're going to come back and I know they're going to come back and I know they're going to come back strong. So, for any Alabama fans out strong. So, for any Alabama fans out strong. So, for any Alabama fans out there, uh Alabama never stays out of it there, uh Alabama never stays out of it there, uh Alabama never stays out of it for very long. So, I wouldn't I wouldn't for very long. So, I wouldn't I wouldn't for very long. So, I wouldn't I wouldn't feel too bad about this even though it's feel too bad about this even though it's feel too bad about this even though it's a it's a disappointment that uh Alabama a it's a disappointment that uh Alabama a it's a disappointment that uh Alabama is always uh they're always a perennial is always uh they're always a perennial is always uh they're always a perennial powerhouse. So, it's just kind of cool powerhouse. So, it's just kind of cool powerhouse. So, it's just kind of cool for Indiana to get their chance after so for Indiana to get their chance after so for Indiana to get their chance after so many years of uh you know, of rough many years of uh you know, of rough many years of uh you know, of rough years and of losses and things. So, years and of losses and things. So, years and of losses and things. So, anyway, that was my little football anyway, that was my little football anyway, that was my little football spiel, but I'm pretty excited to see the spiel, but I'm pretty excited to see the spiel, but I'm pretty excited to see the Hooers win yesterday in the Rose Bowl. Hooers win yesterday in the Rose Bowl. Hooers win yesterday in the Rose Bowl. But tonight we'll be live at 600 p.m. But tonight we'll be live at 600 p.m. But tonight we'll be live at 600 p.m. Eastern time at the Magic Kingdom. So Eastern time at the Magic Kingdom. So Eastern time at the Magic Kingdom. So definitely don't miss any of that. I was definitely don't miss any of that. I was definitely don't miss any of that. I was uh pretty tired all day yesterday on New uh pretty tired all day yesterday on New uh pretty tired all day yesterday on New Year's Day. Uh just, you know, lots of Year's Day. Uh just, you know, lots of Year's Day. Uh just, you know, lots of uh kind of um things in a row that I had uh kind of um things in a row that I had uh kind of um things in a row that I had to do with all the streams, you know, uh to do with all the streams, you know, uh to do with all the streams, you know, uh Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. They Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. They Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. They were all great streams, but uh I woke up were all great streams, but uh I woke up were all great streams, but uh I woke up uh on uh Thursday morning just kind of uh on uh Thursday morning just kind of uh on uh Thursday morning just kind of completely out of it. So I didn't do completely out of it. So I didn't do completely out of it. So I didn't do very much on Thursday. Uh, I do feel very much on Thursday. Uh, I do feel very much on Thursday. Uh, I do feel better today and I'm excited to uh be better today and I'm excited to uh be better today and I'm excited to uh be back with you guys tonight on Friday back with you guys tonight on Friday back with you guys tonight on Friday Night Live uh at the Magic Kingdom. So, Night Live uh at the Magic Kingdom. So, Night Live uh at the Magic Kingdom. So, that'll be pretty awesome. But just so that'll be pretty awesome. But just so that'll be pretty awesome. But just so that I don't overdo it going into school that I don't overdo it going into school that I don't overdo it going into school coming back next week, I definitely am coming back next week, I definitely am coming back next week, I definitely am going to take uh tomorrow, Saturday off going to take uh tomorrow, Saturday off going to take uh tomorrow, Saturday off so that uh I'm not overdoing things as so that uh I'm not overdoing things as so that uh I'm not overdoing things as we go back into the new year. And of we go back into the new year. And of we go back into the new year. And of course, there'll be plenty of time for course, there'll be plenty of time for course, there'll be plenty of time for Saturday streams as well. And I will be Saturday streams as well. And I will be Saturday streams as well. And I will be on Tranquil Tuesday coming up here in a on Tranquil Tuesday coming up here in a on Tranquil Tuesday coming up here in a few days as well. So, no worries. We're few days as well. So, no worries. We're few days as well. So, no worries. We're not going to miss too much. But, uh, I not going to miss too much. But, uh, I not going to miss too much. But, uh, I just wanted to make sure that I, uh, just wanted to make sure that I, uh, just wanted to make sure that I, uh, took my time and kind of paced myself as took my time and kind of paced myself as took my time and kind of paced myself as I head back into the new year. So, I'll I head back into the new year. So, I'll I head back into the new year. So, I'll be live tonight with Jenna for Friday be live tonight with Jenna for Friday be live tonight with Jenna for Friday night live at 6 p.m. at Magic Kingdom, night live at 6 p.m. at Magic Kingdom, night live at 6 p.m. at Magic Kingdom, but no Saturday stream this week. Uh, so but no Saturday stream this week. Uh, so but no Saturday stream this week. Uh, so you can go back and watch some previous you can go back and watch some previous you can go back and watch some previous streams and uh, enjoy some of those with streams and uh, enjoy some of those with streams and uh, enjoy some of those with your friends and family as well. I've your friends and family as well. I've your friends and family as well. I've got we've got lots of New Year's got we've got lots of New Year's got we've got lots of New Year's coverage. Uh, again, I posted the Magic coverage. Uh, again, I posted the Magic coverage. Uh, again, I posted the Magic Kingdom fireworks from uh, the 30th on Kingdom fireworks from uh, the 30th on Kingdom fireworks from uh, the 30th on there as a separate video, so you can there as a separate video, so you can there as a separate video, so you can watch that. And there's just so much watch that. And there's just so much watch that. And there's just so much stuff. If you missed any of our videos stuff. If you missed any of our videos stuff. If you missed any of our videos over the last few weeks or even a couple over the last few weeks or even a couple over the last few weeks or even a couple months, you can definitely go back and months, you can definitely go back and months, you can definitely go back and check some of those out. There's a check some of those out. There's a check some of those out. There's a Disney Destiny coverage that I was able Disney Destiny coverage that I was able Disney Destiny coverage that I was able to do uh a few weeks ago, definitely go to do uh a few weeks ago, definitely go to do uh a few weeks ago, definitely go check those out. I've still got one check those out. I've still got one check those out. I've still got one coming out pretty soon uh once I can get coming out pretty soon uh once I can get coming out pretty soon uh once I can get it edited. So, uh lots of stuff coming it edited. So, uh lots of stuff coming it edited. So, uh lots of stuff coming up. Definitely go check it all out if up. Definitely go check it all out if up. Definitely go check it all out if you can, and we'll see you tonight for you can, and we'll see you tonight for you can, and we'll see you tonight for Friday Night Live at 600 p.m. Eastern Friday Night Live at 600 p.m. Eastern Friday Night Live at 600 p.m. Eastern time. Also, be sure to check out all of time. Also, be sure to check out all of time. Also, be sure to check out all of our awesome sponsors. Links are in the our awesome sponsors. Links are in the our awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below. We got description down below. We got description down below. We got mickeyras.com to book your next trip to mickeyras.com to book your next trip to mickeyras.com to book your next trip to Walt Disney World. We've got resort Walt Disney World. We've got resort Walt Disney World. We've got resort tv1homes.com to find your dream home tv1homes.com to find your dream home tv1homes.com to find your dream home here in Central Florida. We've got here in Central Florida. We've got here in Central Florida. We've got David's DVC rentals, dbcrequest.com/tv David's DVC rentals, dbcrequest.com/tv David's DVC rentals, dbcrequest.com/tv to find a DVC room for a fraction of the to find a DVC room for a fraction of the to find a DVC room for a fraction of the cost. We've got Dreamtable if you want cost. We've got Dreamtable if you want cost. We've got Dreamtable if you want to find the hardest to find reservations to find the hardest to find reservations to find the hardest to find reservations at any of the Disney parks. Just go to at any of the Disney parks. Just go to at any of the Disney parks. Just go to the app store and search for Dreamtable. the app store and search for Dreamtable. the app store and search for Dreamtable. Pretty awesome app. We've got Layer 1 Pretty awesome app. We've got Layer 1 Pretty awesome app. We've got Layer 1 Technology support at layer onetone Technology support at layer onetone Technology support at layer onetone technology.com if you need support for technology.com if you need support for technology.com if you need support for your small or medium-sized business for your small or medium-sized business for your small or medium-sized business for tech support, IT and network design, all tech support, IT and network design, all tech support, IT and network design, all those things they do. Uh, and we've also those things they do. Uh, and we've also those things they do. Uh, and we've also got Behind the Ride and Disney got Behind the Ride and Disney got Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Two awesome books Demystified on Amazon. Two awesome books Demystified on Amazon. Two awesome books about how Walt Disney World was created. about how Walt Disney World was created. about how Walt Disney World was created. So, definitely go check out Behind the So, definitely go check out Behind the So, definitely go check out Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. Anyway, we'll see you tonight at 600 Anyway, we'll see you tonight at 600 Anyway, we'll see you tonight at 600 p.m. Eastern time at the Magic Kingdom. p.m. Eastern time at the Magic Kingdom. p.m. Eastern time at the Magic Kingdom. All right, everybody. So, for now, have All right, everybody. So, for now, have All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Now that you finished watching this Now that you finished watching this Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so video, be sure that you're subscribed so video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. that you can get all the latest updates. that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos Also, check out some other great videos Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big on our channel. Have a great big on our channel. Have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
