---
video_id: fWJ0iVr9nxQ
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Saying Goodbye to Christmas at the Magic Kingdom - Walt Disney World - 1-10-26"
published: 2026-01-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWJ0iVr9nxQ
---
How about I buy? I know. Go get a And we're going to surprise [music] a little her. I forgot she was wearing green shirt, right? [music] [music] Yeah, I have to go back. Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1, and I'm live here at the Magic Kingdom as it is January 10th, 2026, and we will be saying goodbye to Christmas until November. So, goodbye to Christmas for this season. It's been a great season, but uh really really uh Amazing to get to spend one more night enjoying Christmas here at the Magic Kingdom. And of course, if you're wondering right off the bat, you're watching this video going, "Why are the Christmas decorations still up on January 10th?" The reason is because this is marathon weekend for Run Disney. [music] And so they always keep the decorations up until the end of the marathon. So the marathon's actually early tomorrow morning. And so they'll keep the decorations up so that the runners can enjoy them tomorrow morning for the marathon. Of course, you know, they'll keep them up for the rest of the day cuz they don't ever do that kind of work whenever guests are here. So then, uh, Sunday night into Monday and probably the next few days after that, they will start [music] taking down the rest of the decorations. But that is why the decorations are still up. And, uh, it's cool that we get to enjoy them. Now, what's interesting, too, is that the music is still on. You can hear the Christmas music still on. And, uh, that's pretty cool. We get to enjoy that. So, it feels a little strange on January 10th, but you know what? I love Christmas music, so I'm not gonna complain at all. But I just thought it'd be fun for Magic Kingdom to go uh enjoy it tonight and say goodbye to Christmas for the season, not even for the year. And eventually, I do want to change it up on Saturdays and go to other parks and stuff, but Magic Kingdom's usually my Saturday park. But tonight, thought it'd be fun to enjoy the decorations. So, welcome in, guys. I know I'm early, but I got here early and I didn't really need dinner cuz I had a really late lunch. So, I may be having a snack later, but for now, I just wanted to start and kind of enjoy sunset around the decorations and around Main Street here. You saw Jenna at Epcot. That's awesome. Hey, Josie, Canadian Disney family, Ivan, Anthony, Noel. Trying something a little bit different today just for fun. You might not even notice it, but um YouTube's got a setting where you can do a vertical and horizontal live at the same time. Vertical like portrait mode and landscape mode live at the same time. So, I'm actually doing that right now. So, I don't even know if the portrait mode one works. I know the landscape mode one's working cuz you guys are all chatting with me, but um I don't even know if the portrait mode one works. So, if you do happen to get on to the portrait mode one and you'd rather watch the landscape [music] one, well, just switch over. But YouTube says it's a way for us to reach different audiences. So, hey, why not? And if it doesn't work, well, we won't do it again. But the good news is those of you used to watching the regular landscape mode live streams, we still have that. Nothing's changed there. It's just an additional option for people. They'll likely take them down midweek. I was there 5 years ago. Some of the decorations were still up on Monday. Yeah. On Friday when I returned, they were gone. Yeah. They'll take them down throughout the week. Like you said, there's not as big of a rush to get them down as there is to get them up. They will shut off the music on Monday, though. That I know. They used to have the days till Christmas sign. They used to keep that up until they took all the uh decorations down. So, it'd say like 300 and something [music] days till Christmas or whatever. Daniel's been working [music] at SeaWorld. Nice. Oh, Oliver is doing scores. Rams and Panthers. Yeah, I'm not as invested in the NFL this year as I am obviously in college with IU going to the national championship, which is super cool. I know some people who celebrate Christmas till January 2nd. I think it's cool. Hey, you know, it's one of those things, too. It's like if it makes you happy and not hurting anybody else, go for it. We popped into Hollywood Studios for a bit yesterday and they still had the decorations up, but they switched to the normal music. Yeah. Um, they actually I was there on Tuesday and they had the uh decorations on or up and the music on as well, so they must have [music] taken the decorations down. Do you guys see the um you guys see the the portrait or the portrait mode? Uh live stream. Is that working or not? I can't see it. Let's see if I go to shorts. [music] Maybe I have to like refresh or something. I don't see it. Kept my free up all year. Hey, no judgment here. Oh, the sun's on the castle. [music] really nicely. Let me try something. Switch [music] accounts. It's a beautiful shot there. I got the train [music] coming in. It's working. [music] Okay, cool. Yeah, it's landscape. So, there should be both versions, right? So, there should still be the landscape, but then there should also be the the portrait mode one. you should have like an option. So, where do I find it? I don't even see it. Oh, well. My phone is vertical stream as landscape and the chat is the rest of the screen. Yeah, that's how it normally is. Um but YouTube has an option to do two different streams [music] um to show up in the shorts feed where it's like takes up the the vertical takes up the whole screen. It kind of chops it out of the middle. So anyway, yes, [music] the normal stream is still there and that's the way it should be, but there also should be a separate vertical one that's like a shorts type thing. But either way, I'll figure it out. On to the next holiday. Yeah, Valentine's Day, I guess. I don't know. Like I said, I last night I'm not as ever as excited about Valentine's Day, but it's all good in the neighborhood. [music] Yeah, Jenna definitely have some videos. She'll be live on uh she actually should be live on uh Monday for Magical Monday just like always. It seems weird hearing the Christmas music. I I know. It really does. But it's kind of fun to say goodbye until till November and just have a great night here. Also, the crowds shouldn't be too bad after a certain time. People a lot of people will be getting ready for the marathon in the morning. So, I say definitely after fireworks, there should be a decreasing crowd. Happy New Year. Oh, do a live stream at SeaWorld. Yes, we we um we will. I've done it before, but yeah, we will sometime. Hope the first week of school has gone well. Yeah, hopefully. [music] Valentine's is an expensive day and at least Dennis. Yes, for sure. But no, the first week of school did go well. I said yes, hopefully. Like I didn't know for sure. [laughter] But yeah, it it has gone well. Um just kind of jumping back into it, guys. It's what you do. I know I'm one of those people, Jason, like that. I love Christmas and I I am sad when it's over, but I'm also kind of like one of those people that I feel weird if it goes too long, even though I do like it so much. there. Look at that. Look at the sun on the castle. Isn't that nice? Hello, 504 Disney. Uh, good evening, Josh. This is Joseph from NBC News. Watching at work. Always tough news, but you make things easier to get by, so thanks. Oh, thanks, Joe. Yeah, a lot of tough news lately. We'll let you guys handle that and we will uh we'll handle the Disney fun. You guys have a tough job for sure. A tough job indeed. especially having to live all of the things that happen. So, we will do what we always do and leave the leave the news to the professionals and we'll we'll cover the uh we'll cover the parks. But yeah, thanks for watching. Loving the longer daylight. Me, too. Montreal was down yesterday in California. Yeah, it happens from time to time. Maintenance issues, track issues, you never know. Yep. Just enjoy them for tonight. They'll be back in November. Love the scene. Take a snap. Took a snapshot. Nice. Sometimes it's good just to like stroll around a little bit and not be in a hurry. So, don't worry. We will ride rides and things. We always do, of course. But I want to soak in the moment a little bit. I sat by the tree Saturday night just listening to Christmas music for about an hour. Yeah, that's great. Always great. Weather is wonderful. What is the temperature right now? It is uh 78. Very very nice evening. Hello ATV. How are you? Yeah, it's a very nice evening. Yes, very true. A lot of stress happening, but thank you for bringing the positivity, Josh, and the resort TV and fam. Absolutely. New subscriber for Michigan. Thanks for doing the stream. You're welcome, Loris. We are glad you're here. I love the toy soldiers. Strolling is my favorite, Monoa J says. Yep. Agreed. [music] Oh, yeah. There are two streams going on. Look, that's my That's the view from my home computer. Ain't that cool? How fun. So, it just takes a little chop out of the middle. Not nearly as good as uh seeing the whole thing, but that is super cool. All right. Well, there you go. I still don't know how to find that stream, but it's definitely working. Well, do me a favor. Let me know if if anybody comes in from the vertical stream. Let me know. Obviously, we should also tell those people [music] that we have a horizontal one that is probably a lot easier to watch. [music] My daughter and I are going to Disneyland tomorrow. We hope they still have Christmas tree up. Yeah, we'll see. My New Year's resolution is to remember to hit the like [music] button every time. I almost forgot. Well, there. Hey, but you didn't. And so, you're you're living up to your resolution. Good job. My resolution's been to rest more and to um to get things done and not procrastinate. And so far this week, I've done really well with that. 95 days. Wow. Well, hey, you know what? It's it's uh here [music] going to be here before you know it. I would say I I don't want to wish away that time, but for sure you uh you will be here eventually and you'll have a great time. Resort budgeting. [music] Arthur, I'm always ninja watching. Live about an hour from MK. Well, welcome in Arthur. It's good to have you here. I'm glad you're here. I stumbled on a vertical from someone else last night who's usually landscape and I'm wondering. Yep. I think that's what's happening. YouTube's really pushing it. Like I said, if I if I see any issues with it tonight, um we'll we'll not do it. But right now, most people are just watching the regular stream like normal. And if we happen to get a couple new friends from Vertical, well, great. And if not, I guess that's fine. I wonder if it'll save as a short later. Rest more and getting things done is a special balance. Those are my two goals this year as well. Give my body rest. Also, thinking less and more doing. Yeah. Yep. And my my problem is just getting stuck on the phone. So, I've been really doing better about being disciplined and putting down the the Facebook or the social media and just either doing what I need to do or getting to bed. I don't like vertical. That's why I like TikTok. Oh, for sure. No, I don't either, really. I just thought if there's a way to get people on the shorts feed that aren't necessarily scrolling the regular YouTube feed, then hey, why not? trying the vertical and it's not even showing up for me. Yeah, see that's what I'm wondering where it is. Wonder if I have to do anything to make it work. It's clearly working on my uh on my console, but I don't know where it is. They have to do something to make it show up. Let's see. There was just a little switch that I turned on to make it work on the console, but I don't know if there's anything else I actually have to do. Let's see. Sorry, I'm just looking. Stream settings. Dual stream is on. No idea. Yeah, I don't know. All right. Well, we'll just leave it alone then. We'll see what happens. for you. My sun's starting to go down and we're starting to get into a time when the lights the lights are already on, but the lights get nice and bright. They used to actually have a time when the lights turned on all at the same time, but they're kind of on I think from what I can tell most of the day now, if not all day. Let's go look at the windows over here. Oh. Well, it's like our username handles it'll randomly show up one day. I know, right? All right. So, the uh Mickey's Christmas Carol windows are gone for the year. Well, for the season. I mean, we're back to the the normal windows. It'd be cool if they would update these, too. Yep. The windows are back to normal. Evening fellow Disney enthusiasts. Hello. [music] Oh, we need to wait for that. This one's really, really reflecty. If the take down the core is fast or exhausting, it's probably both. I mean, that's a lot of work, but luckily they have a lot of people to do it, but still a lot of work. All right, let's check the other windows. We'll we'll go ride some stuff in a minute, but right now kind of fun to explore Main Street and I'll have to take off the Christmas trolls on the 24/7 channel pretty soon. And I have them up still since the decorations are still up in the park. This is the year my husband and I finally uh retire and move [music] to Orlando. Nice. I hate to plug the the real estate thing, but we have our own real estate. If you haven't already contacted them, resort tv1homes.com. We have our best realtors in the area, unless you already have a place. That goes for anybody though. So, if you're looking to move down here, we got our um awesome resort TV1 homes service. We're broken by expy and we are um really excited to help people live their dreams and move down here. So, check us out resorttv1homes.com. Yeah, congrats. All right, let's look over here. So these are still Christmas. Oh, thanks Quinn's. Very cool. I appreciate that. Went to Resort TV1 Homes and they were amazing. Yeah, they're really really great. great people and it's not the cool thing is it's not just one agent so they can the whole team so they can handle a lot of different resort hoppers um or anybody who needs to find a house and wants to work with the best and they'll be realistic with you too. They won't, you know, they won't tell you a bunch of a bunch of things just to get you excited and then you know you find out that's not true. Like they'll be honest with you about the price and about the budget and all the things. They will be honest and upfront with you uh as every realtor should be. So yeah, they'll they'll help you make those dreams come true. Yeah, congrats. It's a big milestone. If you come up James Thank you for all your park streams. Look forward to your Friday night streams, especially when it's cold outside here in southern New Jersey. Yeah, I get that. I remember living in the north. Let me get out of the way here. All right, so that was such a fun such a fun stream last night for sure at Epcot. Uh Justin, no. Not to my knowledge that they've ever left them up till the end of January. I I don't think they would do that. I mean, I haven't been here every year, so I there could be one, you know, off year that that happened, but I wouldn't think so. Yeah. Amy, the sky is beautiful. We'll take one more stroll here up and down and then we'll come back here a little later, but it was nice to watch the sunset here on Main Street. Nice seeing you and Jenna together. Absolutely. And we were together last uh last Friday, too. uh here at Magic Kingdom. Actually, last Friday, January 2nd, we were together. Vlog the Indiana game. Love to see your reaction when they win. Yeah, when they win. I love it. I love it. I never count my chickens before they hatch. But, you know, that would sure be sweet. And they are a a great team this year. There's no doubt about that. They're they are already one of the best teams [music] to ever play college football. I don't think there's any any uh debate about that. Hi. Oh, thank you. You too. Thanks for all you do. Sure. What's your name? Brent. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, too. Yeah. Having a good day. Yeah. Did you do the marathon? Half marathon. Half marathon this morning. Yeah. Okay. Tired. Keeping going. Yeah. Good. Are you doing a marathon tomorrow or? No. No marathon tomorrow. Going home over there for springtime. I'm doing the challenge in the spring. Okay. I'm doing a 10K in the spring. That'll be my first ever run, Disney. Yeah, that'll be fun. I I'll have to I'll have to get a little bit worked up and in shape. But Jenna said she did the 10 with no training and she was okay. Just a little sore. I was like, okay, I'll probably train a little bit. I'm sure you walked in that one right there. Oh, for sure. Just not all at one time. So, that's awesome. Oh, good to see you. You, too. Good night. Enjoy the rest of your trip. It's exciting that your alma mater's in the national championship game. I remember when national when San Diego State was in the national championship. Yeah, that's cool. For uh basketball, it looks like that's so cool. Always cool to see your school do well, especially when they've been bad at football for so long and then now all of a sudden they're one of the best teams that's ever played. Like crazy. Again, it's hard to compare against like teams of the 70s and 80s and stuff, but I think the biggest thing is just the way that they've beaten everybody. It's, you know, yeah, there was some close games there, but it seems like they just keep getting better. So, everyone like coach and it was funny because it was here the coach afterwards and he talked about the um the defense being a little sloppy towards the end of the game and it was like yeah they did give up some they did give up some uh yards at the [music] end of the game towards the end of the game but I think a lot of you know at that point when you knew you're going to win cuz you're up like 30 some points it's kind of nice to take it easy a little bit so you don't hurt anybody and luckily nobody did get hurt. So that was that was the best thing. So beautiful tonight. Yeah. Anyway, I don't know. I don't know. Well, I hope you guys are excited for the game as I am. I don't know, maybe some Miami fans here cuz we live in Florida. [music] Um, you know, it's Miami territory. It is kind of interesting that Miami gets to play in their home stadium. That's It seems slightly unfair, but who knows? Oh, I wanted to see if this this was still here over here. They got some uh Yeah, some holiday windows over here. Uh, no, Tracy. I'm not going to do any running tomorrow. That'd be a marathon. I definitely wouldn't want to do that without training. I mean, you'd have to train a lot. And I wouldn't want that to be my first race if I didn't know what I was doing. So, nope. No marathon for me for me tomorrow. I would think you might even be you might even hurt yourself if you were doing something like that without any training. I'm not saying nobody could do it. I'm just saying not a not a great idea. But yeah, no, not for me. Congratulations on Indiana's great football season. Josh Guess Indiana is not just a basketball school anymore. I know, right? That crazy. My husband's at a volunteer event for FIFA. Nice. I love the Christmas train. Of course, every time Georgia plays in a big game, Atlanta, it's basically a home game. Yeah, for sure. The funny thing people was people were basically saying the Peach Bowl last night was like a home game for IU, even though it's so, you know, several hundred miles away from from Bloomington because I guess the even the announcers are saying the majority of the crowd seem to be uh Indiana fans. So, my um my cousin and his uh wife and family were there at the Peach Bowl. I didn't realize it until I saw the post earlier today. They got some great pictures. Friend of mine's going to Mexico for a week. Nice. I hope they have fun. Let's take one more stroll down here. I'm not just walking around like for no reason. I'm trying to kind of enjoy the ambiance as the sun starts to go down. So then we'll head out and or we'll head down Main Street and ride some rides. With us getting rid of pennies, do you think they're going to take the penny press machine away? Um, well that's a great question. I guess it will be hard to get them at some point. So yeah, probably so eventually. But I mean there's a decent supply of them still. I mean they could also they could always change it to quarter press machines and stuff. So, it' be the same concept, but obviously they're not getting rid of quarters anytime. Or even nickels. Not getting rid of those. Nickels might be hard though cuz they're thicker. I don't know. That's a good question. My first marathon was Disney World when I was a cast member in [music] 20 2009. Now I'm an ultra runner. Have run four 100 mile ultramarathons and hope to come back to do Goofy. Wow. 100 miles. That is really impressive. Didn't they just convert to nickel? I don't know. Uh we can go find one maybe here in a little bit. Beautiful night. Oh, okay. Well, Amy, I hope your night goes well at work. Sunset is nice. It's pitch black in the Pennsylvania mountains. Interesting. All right. Well, The pennies machines at Disney do not use real pennies. They use blank [music] slugs. Interesting. Well, then maybe they can keep making those. If that's the case, maybe they can they can do that. Used to be you'd provide your own penny and even after they smashed it, you could see like, you know, Lincoln's head um kind of, you know, stretched and smashed elongated um on the penny as it was smashed. So, Yeah, they could just use some kind of copper blanks or something. Not copper, but whatever alloy they they actually use. The whole family going to watch the game to together. I don't know. We hadn't talked about it. the tickets were already out and people were looking at like three, four, five, $8,000 for tickets like you know on some of the ticket outlets. Crazy. I can't imagine paying that much for a game and and even if it goes the way you want it to go, like that's a lot of money. But if it doesn't, man, that'd be a heartbreaker when you spent that much money for it and then sat there frustrated the whole time. Yikes. First time here. Great job. Thank you. Welcome in. And again, if you're watching the uh vertical stream, feel free to come over to the landscape [music] mode stream because it's a little uh a little more immersive. You can see more. I still don't know if anybody's able to watch the vertical, but maybe it'll eventually. It It seems to be feeding. Maybe eventually it'll go live. Hey, excuse me. Yeah. Hi. Hi. We watch our streams and you're huge fan of yours here. Follow you for Wow. Thank you. Appreciate that. We seen Jenna and D in the 10k race. Okay. Did you guys run? You did some five. Nice. Very cool. Thank you. We watch almost every day. That's awesome. Did you guys want to uh say hi on the live stream? Yeah, that's cool. We love you. What are your names? Fernando. My name is Eduardo. Eduardo and Fernando. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you from Brazil. Brazil. Okay. Very cool. Well, hi. Thanks for watching and welcome. Can we take a picture? Of course. Of course. Oh, you're good. Come on. Seeing her listening. [laughter] Thank you. It's always so cool. Thank you so much. We watch her every week. Every week. [laughter] I did get that part. I don't know a lot of Portuguese, but I toas. I got that. [laughter] Very good. Very good. Oh, thank you. I appreciate that. You guys, I'm glad you got to have a good trip. How long are you here for? We We arrived here January 1st. Okay. We We're heading back to 30. Okay. So, we've got some days left. Yeah. Very good. Thursday in the morning, but that's that's fine. Yeah. Enjoy so much. Very good. That's awesome. Well, it's so nice to meet you guys and thank you for watching and and congrats on the races. Bye, guys. Oh, the um Hi. Good. How are you? Seen you so many times. Making everybody happy. Well, thank you. I appreciate that. You want to jer? Yeah, for sure. What are we celebrating? Um, grandparents. Oh, congratulations. They'll be with us tomorrow. Oh, how fun. [laughter] Just got three and one and a half. Nice. So warm down. Yes. Yeah. Where you where you guys from? Delaware. Delaware. Yep. Definitely warm compared to that. Delaware. It's going to cool down a little bit next week, but not like Delaware cool. So [laughter] we met Jenna last year. Okay. Missed you. Oh yeah. Sorry. So, but we just spotted you. [laughter] So, but anyways, you make a lot of people. Oh, it's my pleasure. Whenever we can get Sure. Yeah, no problem. It's definitely warm down here. Yeah, it's been really warm this week. these new phones they got to use. I know. Thank you. Mine doesn't have that extra button yet. I've still got the 15. [laughter] I just got this. Oh, yeah. I know. I hear a lot of people say you got to get used to that extra button. We had the five. Oh, well, you definitely upgraded by like what 12 or something, right? [laughter] Well, you guys, thank you for watching and it's good to see you. You, too. Okay. Oh, thank you. Appreciate that. Bye, guys. So, we're thinking that the Christmas decorations will probably go away um probably Monday or Tuesday. That's my guess. I have been wrong before, but um they technically could take them down Sunday night. Um but you know, if they whether they will or won't um we don't know. We'll see. They will definitely start coming down this week. I wouldn't be surprised if you come on Monday and the tree is gone. But I also, you know, sometimes they they might have a reason that they need to wait a little longer. So, who knows? I love the transition between night and day. The image is so sharp. What are you using for a camera? It's the uh Samsung Galaxy S20. Um, sorry, Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra. All right, here. Let me get a few pictures here. I always love this angle. I just don't have a lot of these pictures though. Yeah, those are good. Heading up for President's Day week. How busy is it really? It's pretty busy. I mean, not as busy as like New Year's and Easter, but hey, President's Anytime there's any kind of a break uh or a vacation for school, it's going to be busy. Just how busy is u you know, kind of Little bit of chance in the equation for how busy it might be. All right, so there we go. So, I did it. It's got some good pictures there. I'm just trying to increase my thumbnail library for certain shots that I like to use, but maybe I didn't have the best version of it. All right, let's check our um let's check our performance times today. Yeah, just I mean just let's see. So, park closed a little earlier tonight. 10:00 tonight, 9:00 happily ever after, which means that uh we won't have a ton of time after fireworks to do very much. Uh let's see. Starlight is at 7:45 and 10. So, we may just go ahead and watch the 10:00 Starlight. We'll see. Although, I want to get a cookie and a Coke. Oh, beautiful. I started taking down my decorations. So sad. Thanks for the stream. My holiday heart needs a soothing. Yeah, it, you know, it is um disappointing sometimes when you put them away. It's nice to have it clean and stuff and, you know, put it away, but it uh sometimes is a little bit sad to put them away. No, they have not. They they have not started work on repainting the castle and I don't think they will until later this month or early February from what I understand. So stay tuned for that. But you know we'll be here. So we'll show you when they start. I mean I'm sure some uh news website will probably get it before we do. But you know we'll we'll show you live video of it. How's that? We're not uh we're not running in the park every time there's new news or anything. Man, that'd be exhausting. I guess somebody's got to do it. Hey, Chandler. And yes, the sky does look beautiful, fella. [music] Yeah, castle looks super awesome with the sky like this. Kind of a twilight Disney [music] teacher life. The pink is a perfect touch. Yeah, you know, it's funny. People didn't like the pink and now people got used to it. So now people, you know, are, you know, sad to see it go. So, we'll see. We'll see what happens. I'm I'm just It's gonna take some getting used to just like everything else, but it had faded so dull with the gray before. I [music] think um it'll be nice that it'll be more vibrant. Yes, they have to drain the moat first. I unfortunately So, I think the gray is going to be a little brighter, though. And I think the blue will be kind of a brighter blue. It won't be cuz remember the colors it was before co before they painted it were very faded colors. They weren't the colors they even intended. So I think we'll give it let's give it a chance and let's see what it looks like. But I tell you what, people were really excited in D23 when they when they did that sitting here untangling Christmas lights. Wow. [music] Yeah, I didn't like the pink as much at first, but I understood why. It does stand out better in photos because of the, you know, especially when it's cloudy. Like the gray stands out [music] fine against blue when it's a blue sky, but in on a gray day, castle pictures aren't as good. So, the pink was supposed to help with that. But when it's going to be painted brand new and more vibrantly, I think it should should be nice. Like I said, I think we get used to it cuz I'm sure a lot of people that say they like the pink maybe didn't like it at first and you got used to it and now you do like it. And again, it's okay to change your opinion, but I think maybe the same thing will happen with the gray that maybe you won't like it at first and maybe you'll it'll grow on you again and you'll kind of it'll be back to the way it was. Who knows? grew. Gray and blue. That's funny. That sounds like uh Despicable Me grew. Of course, uh Buzz Lighter is supposed to open sometime in the spring. Not this month, but they said spring. And Big Thunder's been moved back. It said actually it's sometime in the new year. We were thinking maybe January, and they've moved it back to um spring for Big Thunder. So, it's all right. They've done a lot to Big Thunder, though. They've added a bunch of stuff and they've also um you know, upgraded some things and, you know, just performed a lot of maintenance. I mean, they replaced the whole track. That was Big Thunder had a major reverb. It's basically going to be a different ride with the same track layout, but all new track. Oh, wow. There's hardly any line for this. I can get behind that. Hi Stacy. Yeah, we'll watch Starlight. That first one's 7:45. So, we've got some time. I'm hoping the wait times go down a little bit. Oh, okay. Pirates is down to 20. So, we can probably do that here pretty soon. Thanks, Jack. Yeah, I'll be right. [music] Oh, looks like the uh the moving belt is not moving. How does it feel to be known worldwide? You ever get used to it? I mean, not really. It's good though. And it's funny. I mean, you're you're technically correct. Yes, worldwide. Cuz there are people from all over the world who know us, but you know, I don't think you'd have I don't think you'd be able to say widely known. Like, yes, we do have a lot of views. We do have a lot of subscribers, but you know, in the grand scheme of things, the majority of people even in this country still don't, you know, wouldn't know who we were. So, I'm I'm okay with that because I wouldn't, you know, I like meeting people in the parks and stuff, but wouldn't ever want to get to a point where you couldn't even walk around, you know? So, I think it's a good balance right now. A lottery betting system for the belt working. Yeah. Yeah, how it is now is is great. We meet people every once in a while. We enjoy hanging out with them and, you know, getting to say hi to them and then we then we move on and we um are able to continue to enjoy the stream and everything. But we we do so enjoy meeting all you guys. Hi. Yeah. Thank you. All right, here we go. Enjoy your journey. Please step carefully on the platform. [music] Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times. Keep your hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. All [music] right, enjoy. A Thanks, [music] guys. Thanks getting carried getting carried away. Thanks, Rob. Appreciate that. All right, here we go. This is the GTA. I did not see that. [music] Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the people presented by Enterprise. I'm Laura 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see tomorrow. And my stars, is there ever lots to see? [music] From spacecraft to monster laps, there's really nothing like today in tomorrow. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity. Thank you. [music] The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Trails. Transfer to Green and Bington. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future. Ranked by two of [music] my favorite spots. [music] First up, Progress City, Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? There's even people. On your right is Star Trek, home to the greatest woods in the galaxy, except actual stars. Those are no longer small. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of late speedy competition. Heat. Heat. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing clear on vehicles. Thank you. This is Star Rocket for Disney Space Destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing [music] retreat in the galaxy. The coral moves of Pisces 7. You H2 owe it to yourself [music] today. Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. That's Mr. tomorrow. Mr. Tom, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep stations clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. [music] To your right is the astral global, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. [music] [music] The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. As usual, moving ahead and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. [music] Yeah, that's what [music] [music] Good idea. I don't think this part's working. I'm pretty sure it's supposed [music] to be like no one around here. Attention travelers, your journey has been temporarily delayed. For your safety, please remain seated. Thank you. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come full orbit. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you. [music] [music] over and the Airlines. I think I am your immediately from the hills. I might be I might lost I think wrong. Yeah. Heat. [music] [music] This is the TTA blue line. non-stop service around tomorrow. Step onto platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and timing and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Watch your step. Please keep arms and feet and other approaches away from the doors. All right, we'll come back. Don't worry. We'll come back. [music] All right. Oh, this one's broken, too. All right, here we go. Let's see what the uh weight times are. Thanks for riding. This is like a little bit more of a workout. Like trying not to run down it. A lower leg gym workout or something. Yeah, for sure. Did you get stuck? What's that? Did you get stuck up there? Just for a little bit with the best view ever. Yeah, it was perfect. We match him all the time. Oh, thank you. I appreciate that. I'm the only one who hasn't met Josh. I think everyone I haven't. Oh, very happy. I get a picture with you. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Where you guys from? Okay. New York. Nice. Quite different up there right now. Oh, yeah. I would imagine so. Yeah, we got some pretty good weather this week. It's going to get a little cooler next week, but not bad. This has been nice. Yeah. Yes, for sure. There's snow on the ground up there. Of course, it was beautiful on Christmas. No snow. Oh, for sure. Yeah. And then snow. Oh, for sure you guys. And thanks for watching. It's good to meet everybody. All right. Or or meet meet you first time in again. Nice to meet you. Yeah. Nice to meet you. Have a good night. All right. So, let's check our weight times here. We have Oh, we have nothing. It says the app doesn't work. Come on, Disney. You have to You have to hit dining and then go back. The app has some problems. All right. Uh 5 minutes for Speedway. That's not bad. Uh the 25 for pirates. We'll do that later. All right, let's go do Speedway. Um you can tell the holiday crowds are gone because yeah, you know, there's there's there's lines, but uh it's not too bad. And a lot of the people that are again going to be running the race tomorrow will definitely be heading out with their families probably at some point. A lot of the families will be, even if they're not running, they'll be going earlier, too, because they will want to uh be up and cheer for their family member and get pictures as they run by and all that. They don't have to be up quite as early though as the people that go and have to go into the corral and everything do. Yeah, it's been goofy all week. Yeah, it's actually been goofy like that for a while. It it and it didn't used to be like that. It was actually super solid for a long time. That's the only major issue. But sometimes it'll just like when you resume, resuming from standby is its very worst feature. They really really need to work on that. And [music] it could be Apple, you know, having trouble too. But I know Apple has some weird multitasking quirks, but you know, it's not like it's new. It's been that way for a long time. So, um hopefully they can fix it. But yeah, resuming the Disney uh experience app from, you know, basically when the phone's locked and you open it back up, you open that app again when it's already been open. It's supposed to go back to the last place it was and it does, but usually it has some kind of an issue. It locks up, the wait times don't display, you know, whatever. So, I I don't know if they It's been like that for months. So, I don't know if they actually are just not testing it or if it's just my phone or who knows. I would suspect it's not just my phone, but I always wonder that when a bug persists for that long, it's like, do they not know or I don't know. Where do you want to win? Indiana or Miami? Uh, Indiana. I went to Indiana. You should know that, Dan. Come on. You know that. Hey, Jeff. I've been talking a lot about that lately. I need a resort TV app. I know. I don't know really what to do with it. I guess we could have notifications about like where we are and stuff like that. like when we're going live or who knows one. Hopefully it'll get fixed. Okay, it's I'm glad it's not just me. Maybe they just don't have a lot of resources devoted towards it. Like you'd think if it it was like that for a while they'd they'd get it fixed. I've been noticing it for probably 6 months. And it was super solid. Hey yo, Josh and Kayu. That's awesome. Yeah, you got to floor it. That's the only way to drive these things. I mean, you can't hit people, but other than that, Florida. All the app developers for Disney were working holiday parties. You know, I would think that, too, but it was the problem has persisted for several months, even before that, for me at least. Uh, I'm going to say we're getting a blue car with a with a white stripe. We'll see. Blue with white. That's my guess. Or some type of blue. I buy a ticket sale. Lowest price ticket for next Monday championship. $3,800. Yeah, that would be super cool to see, but not $3,800. Cool. I also like actually don't have that kind of money. So, that'd be a lot to blow in one night even if I did. Yeah. Yeah, I hope it gets updated soon, too. Yeah, Adam loved the ride for sure. Adam loved a lot of rides like this one, of course, but Big Thunder, I think, was his favorite. He always loved the best remove them and all that. I think I remember he did a vlog at Disneyland where he rode Big Thunder in every row. He rode it in every possible row and he decided the back was the best. I think if I recall correctly, thanks for the Christmas gift stream. You're welcome, Nancy. So, question again now that it's about 639, 640. Um, has anybody can anybody see the vertical stream or is it still not there? Oh, every row on every side. Wow, that's crazy. So fun, though. What a fun idea. Especially when it's one of your favorite rides, you know, for Adam. Thought about going down my father's in Hallenale and I saw the lowest price. Yeah. And then you were like, um, no. I'm actually surprised there anybody that a you know is can afford it and b is willing to spend that kind of money for one event. That's for one ticket. I'm assuming you wouldn't want to do it by yourself. Oh, Angel, I have no idea about the bride. I don't know. Yeah, just one. Okay. You're talking about the bride in Haunted Mansion because Disneyland did, right? Is that what you're saying? Yeah. I mean, who knows? I'm fine either way. I mean, the bride was not always there, so I'm fine either way. Hey, look at the car color. Can't find vertical. Okay, I did it. I said I said blue with white stripe. I got blue with white stripe. That's pretty awesome. All right, here we go. Look, look. It seems like the only way to enter a vertical stream is to pause a story, then click the live option. It's random what live what vertical live it brings up. Interesting. Okay, that is strange. Oh, this one's fast. On my lucky day, I got my blue and white stripe. Green, too. Well, this one's really fast. How fun, man. They still got the decorations up, just not on. I'm cruising. Have fun. They all do the music. I'm sorry. Ball number three. So fast. I love it. You hear that extra boost of power or burst of power? It's And look, I'm catching up with this other car so much. I don't think they're going very fast, but still. We got a fast car. I got to take anywhere. Don't try this at home. Trust a professional. Yeah, exactly. I'm going to slow down a little bit. Nobody Nobody that close behind me. So, I'm going to get a good a good good running start on the on the straightaway. Here we go. Ready? Ready. See how fast I catch up to this car. Here we go. All right. 3 2 1 go. I'm really going now down the hill. Oh, the brakes aren't great. I got to slow down, though. Normally the brakes are better. Oh, it's like it's still going. No crossover on dad's um like on dad setup. Yeah, your impression sounded quite similar to Wayne's World. Oh, I remember that. Heat. Heat. Yeah, I love this ride. It's a good one. World is indeed a classic. That brings Stratton jackhammers. Yeah, bricks and Stratton have a very uh characteristic sound for sure. All right. So fun. So so fun. Check some weight times. I think we better probably head start heading to Starlight, but we'll see. Starlight Star. Oh, wrong. That's the wrong show. That's Wishes. So, I forgot to tell you guys, we were in riding people mover room and right, I heard the people that were being a little bit loud back there. I was like, I don't have any issues cuz they weren't quite as loud as a guy, you know, a few weeks ago. But the the one the one thing that they said that did bother me was they they were stopped and they were like about complaining about getting off the ride and then they were like, well, something about well, it's super boring cuz it only only had a 10-minute wait. And I was like or that's why it only had a 10-minute wait. was like, "Hey, them fighting words." Hello. How are you? Hey, how are you? Good. We were so proud of you the other night with your instrument. Oh, well, thank you. We watched and watch the whole thing. Well, thank you. From here. And this is She works with John and she met us here. Oh, nice. I like about you all the time at work. So, she had to find out. She wants to meet you. Oh, nice. You guys want to say hi on the stream? Yes. Hey there, buddy. That's awesome. I'm Robin and my husband John. Nice. Now, you said you guys watch the Give Kids the World on the live stream. So fun. Well, thank you. Yeah, it was a long one, right? But it's it was a lot of fun. The music was beautiful. Thank you. Well, we we enjoy it. The time you gave to donate to a well cause. Oh, thank you. That was amazing to us. Thank you. It It's really fun. It's very rewarding. And the cool thing is what we don't show on the live stream as much is when we're there and rehearsing. We're there for a whole day and we get to see a lot of the families that we're, you know, helping and stuff. And so, you know, you get to see them having fun and stuff. And you kind of remind yourself like this is who we're doing this for. All these people that are like having a great time with their family and, you know, their kids and everything, making those memories. So, that's great. Oh, thank you. Thank you for doing that. Oh, for sure. Yeah. Glory, too. I know. Yeah. Yeah. It's a It's one of those things. We knew it was gonna happen, but it was gonna be hard when it did. For sure. It is. Yeah. We We have ours above our stove. Okay. All of our lost puppies. I know. I It's just No, you're good. I have a um we have ours in a We have our cat and our dog safe and sound in the closet. The plan is um to um we want to eventually plant a nice tree in the backyard and put them in with the tree. So then they're like, you know, they kind of become part of the tree, which will be kind of fun. Oh, yeah. For sure. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Enjoy it. Nice to meet you. Oh, for sure. All right. Bye. Family love. Yeah, for sure. All right. So, Let's see. So, everything's pretty long, so I think we'll just start wandering over there. Oh, we can take a little pit stop in the store here. There's 20 minutes for pirates. We can do that later. It'll be even less. And if we do it now, we might be a little late for um Starlight. That's fun. Very retro with the stripes on the collar and the sleeves. All right. What kind of shoes are those? So funny. They're like non-branded. Like that's funny. They're non-branded mannequin shoes. Sorry, I had to. I had to. I'm sure. I know that's not the point of the display, but that's why I pointed it out cuz it was important to me. It was important to me. goes stitchy section. I wish it was still Mickey Star Treasures. I don't know why they changed that. Like, it didn't seem like it needed to be changed. That was one of those like, wait, what? I don't know. I don't get it. 1979. That was a good year. Oh, we got all the different jerseys for all the different Daisy Duck Minnie Mouse. So, I can't believe Daisy Duck didn't premiere until 1940. She got mad. How [music] interesting. And then a lot of pink over here. Such a such a small assortment of merch for guys. I realize guys don't buy as much, but still, man. Not a uh not a super strong merch game in there today, but they've been doing good through the Christmas season. So, we'll give them a little time to restock and get going again. I'm Yes, there was another store in Tomorrowland actually right here. Now it's just a sitting area of Venus. So yeah, it's just a sitting area now. Uh this was the store that was always a little restaurant over here, you know, or a little food stand like drink station. This is the store um or was the store and this was one of the exits to um the Alien Encounter Stitches Great Escape. So So yeah, that was one of the exits and it would exit right into the shop. So that was one of the infamous in the '90s in one of the infamous Disney exits into a shop. I don't know what it was in Old Tomorrow Land as well. I'm I'm not as well verssed in that. But I did finally order my uh camcorder for the High8 video tapes that I'm going to transfer over for the family. Dad's gonna help me. It's very timeconuming, so I'll do some and he'll do some, but um it'll be worth it cuz I I know the tapes degrade after a while and I don't want to lose them. So, wish us luck that the tapes still work. But I I won an auction for a camcorder only 60 bucks and it says it works. So, I hope it still I hope it does. Liam and Steph are doing great. Liam, I was with them earlier today. Liam was doing a an audition um for a musical. So, um it's a community like a community theater for kids um that they have here in Orlando. And um they have several. But anyway, he got a call back and uh he auditioned today for um actually with one of his best friends or actually his best friend for a lead role um in the show. So, we'll see what happens. I mean, even though, like I told Liam, even if you don't get it, the fact that you got called back for a lead role is pretty cool. So, I'm very proud of him. And uh I can't wait to see what happens. Mercer Venus is a classic her name for a classic board game. That's fun. All right, so speaking of board games, Jen and I have talked about this several times, Mall Madness and some of that stuff, but go ahead real quick in the chat, interestingly enough, uh, and post the name of your favorite board game in the chat. Whether it's a current, whether it's a game that's out now that you can still buy, or whether it's like a classic game that maybe, you know, you can't buy, you'd have to find on eBay or something. So, let me know. Go on, uh, let me know your favorite board game. That's awesome. Hopefully, hopefully him gets the roll. Thanks. 60 bucks for a cam is a great uh great buy. Thank you. I do that a few years ago. Took days. Yeah, it will because you know the only way to get them off those tapes is to play them back into a digital capture device and then capture digital files of them. So once you've done that is digital and can be copied back and forth just like a regular file. But until then it's analog and you have to play it back. I did a camcorder transfer of 20-y old footage and it looks just fine. Okay, cool. Well, ours is some of ours is 30 years old. So, I'm a little concerned about that. Now, the DV the digital video tapes, those are newer. I think those will be fine. We have DV tapes and we have the High8 tapes as well. So, we'll see how it goes, but I'm uh cautiously optimistic. Tell him I said congratulations. Thanks. All right, guess who? That's a good one. Sorry. Monopoly. Monopoly. Mall Madness of Dutch Bliss. I've never played that one. Clue. Yeah, Clue is always fun. Liam's an inspiration. Thanks, Tina. It's illustrations. I don't know that one. Clue. Bonkers. Stra strategy. [music] Mouse trap. Love it. Scrabble. White chapel. I don't know that one either. Upwards. [music] Failure of pursuit. Pictionary. Shoots and ladders. I got to do VHS tape to DVDs. Yeah, you can do that for sure. I would recommend though, honestly, if you're going to do that. Uh DVDs only last a certain amount of time, too. Uh I think they're longer than VHS tapes. I think there's 50 to 100 years. They don't really know for sure on DVDs, but the burned ones last less. They know the burned DVDs last less than the uh professionally pressed ones. So, I would recommend if you're going to burn them to DVD, go for it, but it's the same amount of work to go ahead and capture the VHS onto a computer and then you can burn it to a DVD. So, you can still easily watch it when you want to, but then you also have the digital files. And there are a lot of places where you can go and pay to have it done or you can do it yourself depending on, you know, what you want to do. But but the cool thing is once you do that then you've always got those files and you can always um you can always reburn them to DVD. So that's a one of the things I've learned through the years is transfer to DVD absolutely for ease of watching but for longevity definitely make them digital files first. I just have a VCR and DVD player. Oh, I Okay, well that works too. Now, here's the other thing you can do. You can also extract digital files from DVDs. They are bigger though. The files are going to be bigger uh coming out the DVD. The compression is not as efficient, but uh you know just um a few a few tips just the legacy. Well, yeah. Exactly, Mr. Master. I agree with you. But one thing about discs that are nice is that they are it does make them easy to watch on a TV. So if you want to enjoy [music] some family movies, you know, it's not it's like you're not going to gather people around the computer to watch a movie. So, you know, the DVDs are nice for that reason. [crying] Uh and there are ways to, you know, pull digital files into onto a TV and stuff. But anyway, yeah, we play Disney Parks Monopoly. That's fun. super hard to even find a DVD player these days. You can find a lot of them on eBay, though. Yeah, I have a um VHS player that also will transfer to DVD. Um but um I'll do it this way so I always have the files. Anyway, I'm going to take a very quick restroom break and then I will see you guys in just a minute. So stay tuned. We'll be right back. All [music] right, we'll see you in just a bit. [music] There we go. Perfect. [music] Oh, [music] [music] heat, [music] [music] heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Oh, [music] [music] [music] you know. [music] [music] Heat up here. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [singing] [music and singing] [music] That's all. coming up soon. Wait, going the wrong way, right? Wrong way. [music] [music] [music] Oh, no. No. No. [crying] [music] I can't hold No, no, I don't I don't [music] Thank you. Yes, sir. [music] All [music] right. [music] [music] [music] [music] That's all. Just got one more minute. [music] [music] Bye. Come on. [music] Happy birthday. Come on. [music] This is party by the way. [music] [singing] [music] That one started as my travel. So you have that basically my recommendation like I Welcome back everybody. All right, let's go find some. Let's go find a parade spot. Excuse me. I'm putting it up. All right. Thanks for waiting for me. I hope you enjoyed the stroll. No Christmas decorations up in the stroll. About 35 minutes till parade time. And I got this beautiful view here to enjoy for one more evening. It's the perfect shot. A vacant Wet Main Street. Yeah, for sure. Yes. So, if you're having sound issues, the best way to fix it is [music] to close the video and open it again. I keep getting this call. Hold on. I'm going to see what's going on. Hello. Nope. That was weird. All right. Oh, well. [music] Yep. Plenty of spots to choose from. together. Down here is really my favorite part, you know, spot to watch just because you don't have to worry so much about um about the uh getting here super early. And it actually, you know, you don't really need to be I mean, Main Street's cool, but you don't really have to be there because it [music] comes from this direction. So, you don't really get that coming down Main Street Castle shot the same way. Yeah, YouTube's had that problem with the uh audio whenever we switch, you know, from BRB to regular or we do whatever. Like YouTube's had that issue for a long time. I always wonder like with software companies and stuff that they're not aware of the bugs or they just don't care or they don't know how to fix it. I don't I don't know what the answer is to that. Maybe a little bit of all or they or they're not given re or if the developers are not given time or resources to fix it. I think for [music] that one the sound issue probably is they're not aware. Uh Starlight's at 7:45. Little over 30 minutes away. Uh Mickey, somebody's asking [music] where's Mickey. He will be in the parade. I would assume he's getting ready for the parade right now. [music] They don't care. My husband used to work for Google. I wondered if that was what it was. What do you used to convert VHS to digital? I have actually here I I premiered this on our retro channel. I don't usually do the trash can thing, but I I can see why. Like you can put it you can put your stream down and I guess kind of rest your rest your arms and everything, which is nice. But let me see if I can find this really quick. Um I got a capture device. Really nice. really nice um capture device that rhymes. And I showed it on RetroTV1 Tech here. This my other, by the way, my tech channel. If you haven't seen it, it's super fun. My latest video was with Dad and Liam. We had a lot of fun with that. I would love to uh show you that. But anyway, I'm going to use this probably portable capture, totally portable video game capture for retro and modern systems. So, that will work because it'll be RCA um or component, sorry, composite in, but you can also do um HDMI in and uh VGA in and all that kind of stuff. So, yeah. So, that'll work. So, you can see it's got a little screen and everything else. I also had another one. Let me see if I can find it. I have another one that the same company sent me. Where is it? I can't find it. Oh, okay. Wonder where it is. I may have missed it. Anyway, um so I'm going to use a capture device like that. I have a box. Where is that box? I got to find it. Hold on. I got a lot of great videos on the channel, though. Let's see if I can find it. It's a Cloner Alliance Box Pro. And then the Box Pro Pocket, I believe, is what I end up using. Oh, here it is. Capturing video from Retro Systems. Cloner Alliance Box Pro. It has like every input you could think of, even VGA, HDMI, VGA, composite component, like everything basically. Uh, and then the other one, like I said, this is the Box Pro Pocket. This is cool because you don't need a computer. The Box Pro um [music] works better with a computer. This one has a little screen and you can just get it going here. And then so then what you do is you literally just take that little box to wherever your system is that you want to capture, whether it be VHS or whether it be a camcorder. You plug in the appropriate inputs and then hit record. and it'll record to a um SD card, SD, micro SD, uh USB hard drive, USB, even a USB um thumb drive. The thumb drives though are a little bit hit and miss cuz a lot of times the uh the USB thumb drives are not fast enough when you're capturing video. You have to have kind of a fast um you know data rate. So you have to so usually uh a hard drive or an SD card is a little bit better option for that. They have faster processing. Why? Okay, somebody tell me why people have arrow like little arrow hats. Anybody know what the arrow hats are for? Let me know. [music] Matt says, "Just uh just seen you have a Zenith ZFA 161. Thanks, Matt." Yeah, if you know much about that computer, they're hard to find. and I [music] found a really really nice one. So I'm really thankful that we got it. Very cool [music] machine so that people can find you, especially if you're height [music] challenged to find each other in a crowd. Okay. Well, there you go. Proper way to hang up the call. Goodbye. Don't call me again. Well, uh, the call that I got was from an automated system. So, it wouldn't have cared what I said. It wanted me to It was a It was a scam for sure. It wanted me to enter a code. And I'm like, "Well, number one, I don't have a code to give you. And number two, like, yeah." So, nope. Nope. Nope. Number two, I wouldn't give it to you anyway cuz I didn't request a call. So, it's so funny. Call me up and say, "Oh, give me your code." I'm like, "No." Answer by saying sitting more. That's always fun. Except for like I said is it was just a robot that called so they wouldn't care. Hello from Argentina. I usually don't have too much trouble with people like um calling me because I just don't answer it. But I don't get a lot of calls either. You know what? I'm going to sit and rest my uh ankles and knees for a second. Yeah, I only answered it because it said PayPal, but I'm like, "Okay, well, I don't know." But why would PayPal call me unsolicited? They wouldn't. And ask for a number I don't even know what they want. So, no. No. Welcome to the Microsoft activation department. Yeah. Did people activate Microsoft software? That's cool. No, just kidding. I actually do have a fully paid genuine copy of Windows running on my computer. Windows 10 though. And that was upgraded from Windows 7. And I used the upgrade. And you had to put in when I when I did it the first time, I had to put in the Windows 7 DVD to authenticate that I actually own 7 to upgrade to 10. I don't know if it was a free upgrade. I think it might have been though. Anyway, whatever. Well, stay tuned. We got fun stuff coming up. We got Starlight Parade coming up. Also, if you haven't seen this one, we have a new channel, uh, Resort TV 24/7. It plays 24/7 relaxing Disney ambiance. Right now, it's playing probably nighttime stuff. It even has wait times and all kinds of cool stuff. So, that's Polynesian there. It plays resorts. It plays all kinds of cool stuff. There you go. My dad bought me a Commodore PC. I love that computer. I used to play floppy disc games. [music] Yeah. So fun. Dan says, "Might want to change your PayPal password." Probably not a bad idea. Luckily, we have Twofactor on all of our accounts. So, [music] obviously still not foolproof, but nice to uh nice to have for sure. How's your Pac-Man pinball machine? Well, Liam beat my score on it and then he admitted to me that he found a way to kind of cheat the system. I was like, well, you know what? I'll give it to you. It's intelligent, you know, intelligence, [music] right? I don't think I ever wonder did they change the rematch on the Yeah, for sure. Is there some kind of like a sporting event that just started? I just saw the numbers drop. Usually they go up before the parade, so I'm just wondering if there's some kind of a sporting event that people are checking on to. I think they did. Or maybe people just don't like my tech talk. I don't know. Yeah, if you ask for a code. Yeah, we'll give them 8675309. That's the same code I have on my luggage. Oh, wait. What was it? Uh, space balls. One, two, three, four, five. Pac-Man pinball battle stream. Yeah. Oh, the Apple computer. You got the second one. That'd be the Apple 2. Yep. X finally won some Mario Kart races against the Hubs. Yeah. Liam's beat me a couple times fair and square. I used to go easy on him just because, you know, like he asked me why like later on he's like, "Wait, you were letting me win? You were helping me?" I was like, "Well, yeah, I didn't want you to be like demoralized, but then he's like, "Okay, play for real from now on." I'm like, "Okay." So then that was hard because then I, you know, for a little while I I beat him a lot and then he he started beating me. NFL player NFL playoffs backers Bears game starting soon. Oh, okay. That must be what it is. We're always competing with something. If it's not another stream, it's a it's a football game of some kind. wild card weekend. Okay, you can watch on you can watch the stream and the game if you want. Nobody wants to hear the announcers anyway. Hey Mr. Josh, how are you doing today? Good. How are you? Good. Mr. Fix. Hello Why miss dialing? Uh, I don't know. Marathoners are going to bed. Could be. No sound on the TV watching Josh on iPad. Nice. Might want to change your Instagram password. Okay. Well, thanks, Mr. Master. Yep. Yeah, we might go through and change all the passwords. Luckily, like I said, we've got two factor on everything. So, I keep pretty close watch on all that stuff. [crying] So, normal for police to walk through the park like that. Yes. Right before the parade, they do it. They've been doing it every night. I don't really know why. He's having a rough minute. I don't really know why, but I, you know, hey, I I am happy that they're wanting to keep everybody safe. So, used to be they didn't have uniform officers in the park, but you know, at different times, so I guess um Magic Kingdom, especially on busy days, they'll have more. But used to be they only had uh plane close officers. They'd have um undercover officers in here, [music] but now they have uh they have both. So, very not happy. Think he needs a walk. need a walk. [music] Usually when Liam would get like that, the best thing to do would just to be to pick him up and just walk him around a little bit. [music] Didn't help every time, but usually a change of scenery, new stuff to look at, distractions. You can't reason with a crying toddler. Distraction is the key. Like you said, I change my passwords every six months and use a software program to keep track. Same. I don't I don't know about every six months, but I do change them. And I do use um a few things to keep track of them. I have a couple different ways to keep track of [music] them. I just had to remember to update all the things. Must be an Oregon fan. Rob. Oh my gosh, too much. So, I did find a way to watch the game last night. they'll kind of watch a little bit uh on um what do you call it on YouTube they had like streams of it but then they had like a big box over the the game itself so that YouTube wouldn't take it down I guess I don't know obviously you you lose you can lose your channel like that you can get strikes for sure and eventually it get taken down and then there was another one but it was nice to listen to it at least I couldn't get the ESPN trial so I just listened to the audio on the way home Josh hi how are you we just saw Dale and John this early tonight. Oh, cool. That's awesome. Yeah. Thanks. It's nice to see you. Thanks. Have a good night. [music] And don't forget to subscribe if you're new. enjoy the stream. Is it true that Disney could pay visitors to keep an eye on the park and be an undercover [music] cop for a little while? No. No, they wouldn't do that. They have their own, you know, they wouldn't they wouldn't have anybody like just any, you know, any untrained person to do that. They would have um they have their own security, of course, that are, you know, official cast members and paid by Disney. And then they also have um the actual um Orange County Sheriff's officers to um definitely um keep the park safe as well. But yeah, they only use trained officers and people. So yeah, I would get after people that had all their passwords in an Excel spreadsheet and had that password protected after it was on the desktop. Yeah. I mean, you know, the chances of somebody getting into that are pretty pretty small still because you'd have to break into the computer and then you'd have to break into the uh and if the computer's secure and up to date and firewalled, that'd be pretty [music] hard to do. And then you'd have to um you'd have to do um you'd have to also get into the file if the file's protected. All right. So, we have [music] about uh That's right. Excuse me. About over just over 15 minutes here. It's all showtime. Hey, Lesie. Hey, Classy. Disney mom. Had the passwords under the keyboard. you know, it it is if that's in that's that's in a public place obvious or in an office obviously that's really bad. Um, but if you're in your house, I mean again the chances of a hacker getting into your house are pretty low. So that's the that's one thing. [laughter] So yeah, obviously there are better security practices, but yeah, make sure your YouTube password isn't Resort TV1. Oh man. I knew I should have changed it. Thanks, Johnny. Um, okay. So, it says you can't record near the front security, but what if you're already in the park and security just pops out last second on camera? That's fine. Uh, obviously, if there's if this if security is [music] um if security is like conducting some type of operation or they're, you know, they're dealing with an issue in the park, obviously, they prefer that you not record and block the area and whatever. And they prefer that you just it' be like a courtesy, you know, to move on, uh, and definitely not impede their operations or even any police or whatever. But there's not really any um but yeah, if you're in the park, you're pretty much good to go. Just use common sense. It's just [music] not um yeah, you definitely can't record in security just like you can't record in airport security either. They don't want you, you know. Well, there's just a lot of reasons for it and I and I think it's better not to go over that maybe, but there's reasons for not recording that kind of stuff. But in the park, you're [music] mostly good. If somebody gets into your house, get your password, you have a bigger problem. Yeah, exactly. That's what I was going to say. I think if somebody broke into my house, my passwords wouldn't be my biggest concern. Safety might be the biggest concern. Robert says, "I have to change my YouTube password. Like I definitely don't keep my passwords in an Excel spreadsheet, but I'm just saying I don't Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's always possible, but if it's password protected, it's probably pretty hard to get into. Password safe is the name of my rock band. I mean, obviously, the safest place to keep passwords is in your brain, but that's uh not always reliable. All right. 12 minutes. A password is password. That's my favorite password. Hey, Jaylen. But then you'll need a second XL file with the first Excel files password. No, Carbo Box, you should know. Like what you're supposed to do is tape is have the the password for the Excel file on a sticky note taped to your monitor. That's how you do that. [laughter] Guys, listen. This is not actual password advice. I'm just being silly. Okay? Again, if you're in your house, it's probably fine cuz like like we said, if somebody's in your house, you got bigger problems than what your passwords are. But yeah, have you seen the new uh the new uh cast for Tangled Live Action? It does. It does look cool. Can't wait to see the parade in person. I love when you stream it. I was there the week it debuted. I didn't want to deal with the crowds. I get that. A lot of companies are requiring special characters. Oh yeah. [music] Yep. I think it's good practice [music] to have, you know, passwords that have a m multitude of different types of characters in them. Thank you. Hello. But I don't want to be on. I don't care. Okay. I'll get out of the way. You're fine. How are you? We We've been here since we drove from the street to Detroit. Wow. Welcome. Monday. Oh, on Monday. Okay. Nice. Our granddaughter's birthday was Tuesday. Okay. And we didn't Monday. Okay. We own a record store in Detroit. Okay. That's super cool. 37 years. Wow. That is very cool. So, we know our grand two most songs. That is That's super cool. I I haven't owned a record player in a long time and now I'm sad. Nice to meet you. Yeah. Nice to meet you. What's your name? Denise. Denise. Very cool. Enjoy. Don't worry. I don't know. Good evening, stargazers. We're delighted to invite you on tonight's journey through the stars. Follow your heart and make a wish. Disney Starlight Dream the Microwave begins in just 10 minutes. You found me. Yeah, I see how long it would take. Oh, nice. What' you type in? Magic Kingdom live stream. Yeah. Nice. I'm glad it worked. Yay. YouTube search. Thinking this must be good fun because you know all the all the angles and stuff. Yeah. No, it is actually. So, there's a couple reasons. Number one, that's all the VIP up there. So, the special um so like all the things that happen with the parade that are like special that the parade has a few like little special surprises which I won't give away, but they all happen right here. I mean, it happens at different spots, but it happens right here. And these speakers are really good. So, yeah. Angle, too, as a tour, right? Yes, a good angle. And another thing is you don't have to be here super early. Like 30, 45 minutes and you're good. Whereas up there, you got to be like an hour or more. I was trying to go in front of the the castle. Just too too much. Yep. So, this is And it's nice and chill back here. I like it. What's your name? Josh. Josh. And you're on here. Resort TV1. Yeah. Thank you. Where you guys from? Colorado Springs. Okay. And my It was 17 degrees this morning. That's great. My wife has family there, so I've been there a few times. Been up Pikes Peak and all the things. So, it's a it's a neat city. I like Colorado Springs. We just had uh yesterday we just had 10 inches of snow. Wow. Do you have any problem getting the flight out? No, because it was amazing. What a difference one day makes. If we had to leave the day before, we would have been in trouble. But today was fine. Well, I also know how to deal with snow in Colorado, right? Yeah. They they know they know a thing or two about I mean, they got to they I'm sure they get that airport back open pretty quick. They have these atomic snow blowers. Just amazing. That's super cool. Hey, good job. I'm glad you're doing this. Oh, thank you. I appreciate it. I got to look you up. Yeah, look it up. You do this almost every day. Not every day. Um seem to know you like when they go by the cast. They do. Yeah. What? Some of the cast members and also um people that watch us, they'll find me and then they'll come say hi. My sister does it some days. cuz I actually am a teacher full-time, but um and then I also do have a 24-hour channel that just plays videos that I've made that that one does run 24 hours and that one is fun cuz people fall asleep. There's no talking on that one. So, I talk on this one and interact with the chat. And then my other channel, there's no talking. So, if you just want Disney vibes, then that's a good one, too. So, yeah. Oh, for sure. That is super cool. I love the I love the the trash brigade. They They're doing a good job. I love it. Excuse me. Is anyone sitting right here? No, we have a He has He's having troubles walking. He has MS. So, like, oh, he can sit here. Yeah, he can sit right there. I'm going to stand up, but he has plenty of room. If you can sit down here, just stand right here. Oh, yeah. No problem. No, for sure. I was about to stand up anyway. Yeah, that. Yeah. Nobody else is here. Yeah. He's having trouble. Yeah. Oh, for sure. Okay. My legs were falling asleep anyway. [laughter] No, we'll we'll just have him sit in the front. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Okay. Are you live streaming? Yes. Awesome. Yep. About seven minutes, guys. Robert, bring out your trash. Was that from Monty Python, right? Bring out your dead. How fun. Obscure. I got it, Robert. I got it. Come over here. No, I got for you here. I would love that view. Hello stargazers. It's almost time to wish upon a star. In just a few minutes, Disney Starlight Dream the Night Away will begin to fully immerse you in the experience. The lighting around the Magic Kingdom will be reduced. For your safety and the safety of those around you, we ask that you remain in the same location until the lighting returns to normal. Thank you. fantasy sports boss with the good stats. He says Indiana's QB has thrown more TD passes eight than incompletions, five in the two playoff games. That's insane. That's an insane number. I mean, I get that it's only over two games, but that is an insane number. You know, it's funny. I wonder I think I still would have beat him last night, but uh well, actually, they I mean, they would have anyway, but they IU had 21 points off of u you know, turnovers by by Oregon. I just wonder if Oregon hadn't had those turnovers, you know, it would have been closer for sure, but still. Also, I think IU's offense is still really, really good and they would have had to work a little harder, but they they probably I think they would have gotten the job done still. Oregon looked unmatched. Oh, four minutes. Yeah, bit ritz. It's a great parade. Change is also not working today. I mean, it it's one of the I wouldn't mind it being a couple floats longer, but yeah, it's it's still really nice. And he also has the most division one off losses of all time, which is what makes the season incredible. Oh, for sure. No, it's it's it it's unbelievable. It'll be even, you know, no matter what happens in the championship. The championship would would cap it off nicely, but no matter what happens, like it will be it will go down in in college football history as probably the greatest turnaround of all time. Georgia fan here. Indiana looks very strong. Yeah, they they're really strong. And what's crazy is the coach Signetti just seems so smart that anytime there is a problem, you know, yo, he'll solve it. Like he just figures it out. The Raiders should make Menzo the number one draft pick and Signetti their head coach. No, no, no, no. You can't. You can't have Signetti. He He's ours. He's our coach. Can't have him. I wore Resort TV one shirt during my live stream today. Check it out. Oh, nice. That's cool. I think Signetti is going to stay at Indiana. They're going to make it worth his while. There's a lot of, you know, football fans in Indiana and a lot of money behind that. And I'm sure now that they're they're going to the championship, the money's going to flow even more. Actually, the main practice pavilion there at IU is um the Melanch Camp pavilion was paid for by John Melanchamp. The John Melanchamp, we used to do um marching hunter practice in there, too. I They may have another one now, but that was what they had in the early in the late 90s. Tom Brady called him today. No. All right, one minute, guys. Enjoy. About to do the the fan fair. So cool. Such a classic classic fan fair. Electrical parade vibes. All right, 5 seconds. Enjoy the show. Heat. Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] Good evening everyone. Welcome to this wonderful night. Did you know that when a star is born, they possess a gift or two. One of them is this. They have the power to make a dream [music] come true. So come with us now as we go on a magical journey through the stars and dream the nightly. [music] [music] Heat up here. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] my virtual star and all that [music] is good. May each and every one of your dreams come true. [music] Do as dreams do and wish [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] Welcome on [music] this journey. where anything is possible and your most [music] cherished dreams come true. [music] Why hello there. Come with me and [music] bring the night away. [music] [music] Be brave, true, and selfless, [music] and all your wishes may come true. [music] [music] [music] We all deserve to have our wishes. They belong to us and they are [music] beautiful. We are stars. [music] Nighttime is the best [music] time to dream. Don't you think? It feels like we can touch the stars. [music] Valentino, do you think everyone is wishing upon [music] a star right now? Are you? Oh, go on. Make a wish. [music] I wish. Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] I see [music] that guys. [music] Are you seeing what I'm seeing? There's a lot of people talking and it's freaking me out. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Heat up [music] here. [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. Heat [music] [music] up [music] here. [music] [music] Heat up [music] here. [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat up here. [music] [music] [music] [music] Wow, it's like the truth of retreat. Think we found this? We did it. [music] We saved you some. [music] I can't wait to tell Mama Bubble about our adventure. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] You're [music] [music] [music] heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] You can [music] do this. Only one way to find out. Hello. [music] There it is. Straight on to the floor. [music] [music] [music] Heat [music] [music] up here. [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Never seen [music] a star like this before. So much fun. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] Oh boy. A train ride through the stars with all our friends. It's like we're on a shooting star. [music] [music] [music] There's so many stars to wish upon tonight. Go on everybody, wish upon a star. [music] [music] Look at all our pals. Oh, Mickey. They've been kissed by Starlight, just like us. [music] It's a dream to be up here among the stars. And yep, it's a wish come true. We're going to get that good view down Main Street. [music] So stay with me. [music] [music] Oh my. Have you ever [music] seen anything so wonderful? The magic of starlight is all around us. Gosh, [music] Minnie, have you ever seen the stars sparkle like this before? Yeah, I guess the starlight float's missing. Yep, sure is. [music] Come on, everybody. We're all [music] star. I wish that this night would never end. [music] [music] [music] [music] Oh boy. A train ride through the stars with all our friends. It's like we're on a shooting star. [music] [music] There's so many stars to wish upon tonight. Look, everybody [music] wish upon a star. [music] Look at our house. Oh, Mickey. They've been [music] just a star just like us. [music] It's a dream to be up here among the stars. Yep. [music] It's a wish come true. [music] [music] Oh my. Have you ever seen [music] anything so wonderful? The magic of starlight is all around us. Gosh, [music] me. Have you ever seen a star sparkle like this before? Oh, it's so magical. [music] [music] Come on everybody, wish [music] this map would never end. [music] [music] [music] [music] Hopefully to the stars with all our friends. It's like we're on a shooting star. [music] [music] There's so many stars to wish upon tonight. Come on, everybody. [music] Wish upon a star. [music] Look at all our pals. Oh, Mickey. They've been kissed by Star just like us. [music] [music] It's a dream to be up here among the stars. Yep. It's a wish [music] come true. [music] [music] Oh my. Have you ever seen anything so wonderful? The magic of starlight is all around us. [music] Gosh, Minnie, have you ever seen the stars sparkle like this before? Oh, it's so magical. [music] My favorite part. We got to see my favorite part. [music] All [music] right, I'm good. Is there anything [music] in the world that's happier than that little music right there? [music] [music] [music] Let's see. Let's go this way. We're going to go going to go do Pirates. I just [music] love I love the the electrical parade music and it's just so it's so happy. So, I thought, well, let's go ride Pirates, but let's let's It's almost like taking, you know, taking the interstate. Let's take the interstate up to the next exit. We took the parade. We took the parade up to the Adventure Land exit. And it's actually easy to find because they keep the they keep the uh sidewalk open there. The cast members do. They make sure nobody stands in that walkway so that when the parade does pass by them, there's actually a place to go, which is nice. Very, very smart. [music] Anyway, so then I was able to just without without issue, I just had to excuse myself across the parade. But if you ever do follow the parade, the right hand side is the right side to go on because [music] uh you can see all the way down Main Street, which is just super cool. And so the left side is a lot harder to see down. The right side is the way. Yeah, the music's so good. [music] Uh thanks so much for your live stream. Certainly a breath of fresh air every time you go live. Thank you, sir. Absolutely. You're very welcome. Uh, Streamfinder says, "The perfect offramp." Yes. Oh, here's the ending. I've heard it a few times, but I don't ever get tired of it. Yeah. You know, I think I feel like I I saw somebody in the chat say, "It's great on the stream. And it's even better in person. 100% agree with that. It is so true. It's great on the stream. It's it's way better in person, but that's the way it is, right? I mean, obviously, everybody can't be down here all the time because, you know, you have lives and families and jobs and everything in different places. And so, you know, you can come down here when you can and then you can then you can enjoy the rest of the time on our streams. And uh so it's not the same as being here, of course, but it is pretty fun to hang out together and enjoy these parks with you guys. Um and yeah, I I feel like I fall in love with that show more and more every time I watch it. It's very very good. Els says over there that's actually moving pretty quick. Okay, so uh Jennifer Price $5. Josh, I'm so appreciative of seeing that parade. I needed it so bad after a very difficult week. Seriously grateful. Thank you. Well, thank you Jennifer. I appreciate the super chat and also the kind words. Um that uh means a lot and I'm glad that the stream helped. I'm sorry that you had a difficult week, but hopefully next week is better and uh glad the stream helps. So, thank you. Robert says, "This is the way." Just pure magical to folks watching for the first time. Sure did hook me some 40 years ago. Yeah, for sure. Fireworks at 9:00. Josh is also great on stream, but better in person. A David, you're too kind. You're too kind. By the way, David, uh Liam and I may be coming up there. I didn't even I haven't told you this yet. Liam and I may be coming up there for a quick weekend to support uh some cool stuff our friend is doing up there um for a Alzheimer's um research and awareness event, like a fundraiser thing. So, uh maybe maybe we can get together a little bit like for dinner or something, I don't know, or for a quick lunch or something. I don't know. We'll see. Anyway, I'll uh speaking of being in person, I'll I'll message you, but we may be up there in the New York area for just a couple days. Plane tickets were surprisingly cheap. So, that means David, I'm going to have to take you up on your offer of coming to see all those fun uh fun game machines in your basement in purpose on in purpose and on person. Yeah, that. All right. Anyway, uh XX Buckets for Life. Congrats on three months of Zara Bronze. Enjoy the hoppers. Oh, hold on, guys. I don't want to run anybody. Uh, enjoy the hoppers and you and Jenna and mom and dad. Uh, I know you and Jenna do your best for streams and vlogs. I hope 2026 is a great year. Thank you. I really appreciate that. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Lumis was also that way looked mid on streams, but person in person. Amazing. Yeah, you know, it's hard to it's hard to capture that kind of a big show on the stream for sure. All right, I do Wait, I'm going the wrong way. I do need to um hold on. I do need to switch over connection wise. Sounds like a great idea. Nobody wants to come up here and wait. I know. All right, let me let me get BRB connected so I can fix the I can add our connection on here. Give me just a second. Be right back. Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Oh, [music] welcome back. [music] Has Lam seen a Broadway play yet? Uh we saw a Broadway show and and kind of a play. Yeah, we saw uh Wicked um on Broadway this summer and then we also saw the show that goes wrong or the play the play that goes wrong um also just off like it was like a block off Broadway so pretty much Broadway. Yeah. So that was super cool. Standing by to get your Lamb's room. Okay, David. Appreciate it. We may not be able to stay this time, but hopefully we can get lunch or something. Yeah. Well, we'll have to make a special trip for sure cuz I didn't realize how cheap the plane tickets were. Like literally, there was a flight from Orlando to LaGuardia for like $55 round trip. Obviously, that was Spirit Airlines, so I don't know if I trust that or not, but even like Frontier and Southwest were around 100. That was pretty cool. I'm not a big Southwest fan. I'd rather have a I'd rather have an assigned seat, but I think Southwest is going to that. I don't like I don't like the Southwest. May the odds be May the odds be ever in your favor seat choice. Thanks. I needed this stream so much. I had to say alcoholic's gotten worse. Oh no. I'm sorry, Scotty. [music] Um, also, I'm sick from it. We'll go to the hospital tonight. Wish me luck. Oh, Scotty. Hey, we're we're with you. I I wish we could be closer and help you more, but first of all, thank you for being um brave enough to um you know, talk about that on the stream. I know a lot of people do struggle with that and um we just wish you the best and we hope that you can get free of it for sure. We hope you can get free of it. It's a very serious disease and yeah, we wish you the best. We know you can do it. We have faith in you. We know you can do it. Lots of people have done it. You can totally do it. You got this. As long as it's not Valentine's. Hey, you're coming down here. Nice. No, it won't be Valentine's for sure. Oh, you both have topless now has a sign. That's nice. I was just surprised by how cheap it was. How many? Just one. Can I wait for the front? Uh, wait right there. Okay. How many? Actually, I should start I should start waiting for the back because then nobody's talking behind you. Thank you. Oh, that was a good idea for Jenna in Mexico. She was like, "If I wait for the back, then nobody nobody's going to be um nobody's going to be talking behind us." If you're in the back, everybody sending Scotty his love. That's awesome. Yes. Thank you so much, Josh. Hope to meet you again very soon. I met you in 2020. Nice. Well, I hope to meet you again soon as well. Yeah, line was super short cuz the parade is on and also a lot of people are heading to the get ready for the marathon. Um, this morning was pretty pretty low weight times, too. This morning I saw Spirit LGA was awesome. Make sure you check out the beautiful and historic marine terminal. Oh, really? Is Spirit okay? Like if it's $55, it might be worth trying it. Like I don't need any frills, right? I just need a plane that is safe and a seat. I don't take up a lot of room. So the post Christmas blues. Hey, it's a real thing. I was feeling it the night before we went back to school on Monday or sorry on Tuesday when they when the students came back. I love my students and I was really glad to see them. But it wasn't about seeing the students. It was about the fact that it meant that Christmas was really over and I just felt like it went way too fast and I felt like because I was sick I didn't get to enjoy it. So yeah, it was that whole feeling sorry for myself thing. But I'm feeling better now. That's part of it. So Hi there crew. For your safety, remain seated keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat. And watch your children and no flash pictures. Prepare to make sail. I don't think we're sitting together. See you guys on the next boat. PCP and it's my grandmother my best arms and legs. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. This will be right for something. Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] Run up your white [music] flag, you scurry scum and really captain, or I'll be sending you to D2. [music] Are you leaving [music] that? Oh, you scy. Do I get terrible for the wrong little liver lover? Strike your feathers, dear me. Show them your flock. Hey, send them hose. It's the rum they want. It's the treasure. You're in your mistake. And I thunder that scouted Captain Jack Sparrow will never lay out on it. Nor key little woe. I just wonder. Heat. Heat. We lost right back. [music] [music] I'm investment Even Jackson. [music] [music] on your way now and tell the world you sane with black beard. All right. Super fun. Always great. Okay, now Jungle Cruise should be or Jingle Cruise should be back to Jungle Cruise now, I'm sure. Let's see. Okay, there we go. All right. So, uh, fireworks are at 9:00, so we probably need to go start heading for that here in just a minute. Yeah, the lines are starting to go down quite significantly. I would say I see we get on pirates, but I think that's going to be difficult for pirates. We just did that. I mean, haunted. I would say we could try and get a haunted man advancing, but it says 25 minutes. So that's going to be that's going to make us late for fireworks. So no dice there. We hope you guys are enjoying the stream so far. It's been super fun. It's Jungle Bears. Yeah, David, for sure. Uhoh, hold on. I killed the gimbal. Try again. There we go. Oh, quite the line for beacon barrel there. Hey Jamie, thanks. [music] I will have fun. Yeah, that's appreciate that. A that sky looks nice. Uh Nana, hey Josh and Mods, happy Saturday. Happy Saturday to you, too. All right. Who doesn't love some Magic Kingdom on Saturday? I don't know, but I know I do. Oh, here's a great shot right there. Look at that. Oh, Reene, sorry to hear that. Not that you need it, but like it's one of my favorite shots, the tiki room with the beautiful sky in the background. Nailed it. Yes. Between now and start of Happy Happily Ever After is one of the perfect times to go on rides if you especially if you've already seen Happily Ever After. Agreed. Oh man, what a fun night. I think my goal right now is to go see Happily Ever After and then maybe grab maybe do a haunted and then maybe another TTA and then call it a night. We'll see how much other time we have. We might be able to do something else. But then we will um try and I want to try and get a uh cookie and coke because I didn't have dinner. So, all right. It was my choice though. I'm not like nobody nobody's starving me. Yeah. Okay. Main Street Baker is open till 10:30. So, that's awesome. Yay. I'm glad they fixed that, man. That that was a that was a rough times. I mean, I obviously in the grand scheme of things, not a big deal, but anyway. All right. So, uh, we definitely need to thank some of our awesome sponsors. We've got mickeyras.com. If you want to book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World, go check out mickeytras.com. Again, that's mickeyras.com. Go check us out uh or go check them out. Mickeys.com is an amazing amazing way to book your trip. you're going to be able to um use their expert advice when you book it and uh you'll be able to work with some of the best agents and all the things. So, definitely go check it out. mickeyras.com. Oh, we could do it from behind, David. I don't know. I think I'm I'm probably more ready for in front just because I uh when you go behind, you have to kind of you have to kind of like have your head on a swivel and keep flipping the camera back and forth. Although I could just place I could just face it one way. You just miss a lot of the cool fireworks when you only face it the one direction. One Direction. That sounds like a good name for a band. All right, let's go this way. But yeah, uh definitely go check out our good friends and sponsors. Uh mickeys.com. I'll wait just a second. Yeah, again mickeyras.com. Go check them out. And uh mickeyblog.com is a great place to find the latest Disney news. We're gonna go in here real quick. So again, that's u mickeytravels.com and mickeyblog.com. Go check them out. We also have our own, we talked about this earlier about our own uh website, resortbomes.com. That's resortb1homes.com if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida. Go check out resorttv1homes.com. Again, resorttv1homes.com and check them out. I could do we could do behind Oh, go ahead. You're good. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt you. No, not at all. Yeah, you're all you're totally fine. We lost the blue game. Oh, wait. I didn't know there was a game. The benefit to doing happily ever after, we actually could probably still do this anyway, but the benefit to doing happily ever after in behind the castle is you can always run over to Peter Pan right away and get get on there with very little weight. But it's always good in front, too. So, we'll see. My former boss is using Mickey travels. He loved the experience. That's awesome, David. So, yeah. Also, go check out resorttv1homes.com. I'm again brokered by EXP Realy. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida because our awesome agents will help you find your dream home here in Central Florida, go check us out. resortv1homes.com. I need the exercise apparently. Wait, I didn't know the organ up here played [music] Christmas music. How fun. Watch it get copyright claim from some random thing. It's all right. I'll own it. Feel like buying [music] so much more people than loud crowds in front. Yeah. Oh my gosh, Robert. Too funny. We have a Blue [music] Scavenger game. Okay, how fun. And again, this is not a good spot to watch fireworks because the fireworks, [music] you can see the castle, the fireworks go off like right there. So, you would definitely miss [music] them. They go off to the left of the castle. So, the tree, the tree itself would block it. Even from here, there's just too much stuff in the way, so it would [music] not work. Sorry. Uh-huh. on the rails. Excuse me. By the way, if you guys are waiting for fireworks, it's not the best view, just so you know. I mean, it's a great view, but it's not the best for fireworks. Just tried it a couple times. I actually haven't tried it a couple times, but I just was trying to help him out cuz you can you can totally see where where it would be blocked. Maybe one of these days we actually should try it. I've talked to people that have though and it's not great. All right. Uh yeah, 67 is the Disney exit. That is true. That is the exit for um Epcot Center Drive. 100%. Oh, don't forget to subscribe if you're new. Again, subscribe if you're new. Follow us on all the social media. And January and February are rough months for the channel as far as uh ad revenue and stuff because um all the advertisers spent all their money before Christmas. So um everything's lower. So definitely just the more you watch the videos, it really helps. So thank you for just being here and watching. That helps more than you know. It's okay. I've tried it a few times. I can't see much. Well, there you go. See, now we know. I was trying to help out. All right. So, I I don't know. I mean, I'd have to do a poll for in front and behind, but I'm not sure what I'd rather do, too. I'm actually fine either way. I'm just not really feeling like like swibbling all over the place. Then if I don't, I feel like I'm not showing you enough. So, not sure. Oh, I need to switch the connection. I'll be right back real quick. Just a real quick pause. And we're back. Any issues with sound? Go ahead and refresh again. any issues with sound, just refresh. Uh, in other words, close and reopen the video for any sound issues. Oh, that's right, David. You had the relaxing strolls going on. That's what you were telling me. That's cool. Yeah, I am going to work on the uh the 24-hour ride stream pretty soon. Also, I've got, like I said, I've got video tapes from family vacations and stuff, so I will eventually be able to post maybe some old ride videos and stuff, so that'll be fun. Didn't even see a blip. Nice. Nailed it. All right. So, I don't know. Front or back? We'll have to see. We got a lot of people watching, so maybe it's better to do front cuz uh I know front's always more popular. People get People get sad if they can't see the projections. We'll still have time to do a few rides after. We'll still have time to run to People Mover and then maybe run over to do Haunted and uh maybe even maybe even Peter Pan. We'll see. No issues on my end. I hadn't noticed a blip at all. Nice. Yeah, sometimes if you do it fast enough, the there's enough buffer that it'll just keep going. There might be a slight little cut, but like it'd be almost like a video cut from scene to scene, but there wouldn't be a an actual uh like a a moment of lag or anything. All right, battery check. Yes, thank you. We are at 36%, so we'll have to charge after fireworks. We got enough to get us through fireworks, though. I love that view. All cozy and tucked in. Beautiful evening for an amazing stroll. Thank you. Yeah, it's so good. So good. So cozy. So nice. Nice. Nice. You're one of the few that prefers without. You mean without projections? [clears throat] Is it tiger? You know what? Let's do let's do in front for sure tonight cuz it'll be our you know be it'll be good. It'll be cool to enjoy Main Street with the Christmas decorations one more time um a little more. So I think that'll be nice. So, we'll do that. And the music, of course. You see the tree right there. I love the 24-hour rides idea. And I hope the original Figment may be one of Yep. Absolutely. That one may be courtesy of our friend Rob Fuzz [music] and a couple other people who sent me rides. You guys want Imagination rides? I don't know that I have a full ride of it. We We actually love The Struggle. It's so much fun. [music] How long will it take to take the decorations down? Usually a couple days. Um, you know, what's your favorite ride? Favorite ride? People mover. I came prepared. [laughter] [bell] I got I got my People Mover shirt on. The cast member asked me what my favorite ride was. Here we go. Bam. Arian said hi tonight. Hi. Hi tonight. Anyway, thank you for being here. Thank you for watching. It's been a great night already. And we're about to go into fireworks time. So, super excited for that. All right, let's just go through the store here real quick. It'll be faster. Anyh who, um Yep. Let's do it. I'll tell you what, Casey smells pretty good. If I was by myself and not streaming, I think what I would probably do is grab a hot dog and some fries and sit find a table and just like sit and watch the fireworks. I'm sure there's no tables, but so everybody else probably has the same idea, but uh but that would be in a perfect world. That'd be super cool. But and I know you guys will all say, "Oh, Josh will understand. You guys are so nice." But I'm here to make sure you guys have a great evening and enjoy the stream. and I want to give you guys the best view possible. So, that's how we roll. Wow, it's all like toys in here now. Super cool. All right, let's go out here. We'll find our find our spot. It's an awesome shirt. Thank you. All right, let's find a Oh, yeah. There's plenty of pl Oh my gosh. Plenty of room up here. Should we just like go up a little bit? Let's go up a little bit. Let's get a different view. Let's not get our same view. Let's get a Let's go up and get a like a real good view. I mean, all the views are good, but like let's get a different view. Let's go way up here. So, we won't see projections on the buildings as much, but we'll see the castle closer and we'll see more tank. Let's just do it different tonight. Wow, there's so much room up here. Yeah, everybody's definitely leaving. We got balloons, too, but I'm sure they'll take those down. I'm sure they'll take them down. Down. That's a pretty good view right there. I could go up a little further, but I think this is better. I think this is going to end up being better, maybe. We'll see. Let's go a little further up. Let's go a little further. All right. Oh, there's a lot of tall people here. Could keep going a little bit. I guess there's a lot of room. David. Hey, David. David NSC. All the Davids. Uh 1999 from Molly's people. Thank you, Molly's people. Appreciate that. She says cooking coke. I think I it got cut off. Hold on. We'll pull it up. But thank you, Molly. I mean, just a quick second. I still wonder if there's anybody that can see the shorts stream. Is there still a stream on shorts? Is anybody watching on vertical? Just curious. Uh Cookie and Coke on us. Thank you so much, Molly. Appreciate you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I may want to like Yeah, we're just going to move. I don't want to like I don't want to like be like, "Oh, gee, maybe the balloons will be gone or maybe they won't." Kind of fun. Why not? Why not? Let's do something different. Very good. Oh, up here. Excuse me. Sorry. Oh, yeah. This is way better. Way better. Hey, from Indiana. Hello. This will be nice. Hey, you record on YouTube? What's that? Are you on YouTube? Yes. Nice. What's your page? Uh, it's a Resort TV 1. Resort TV1. Yeah. Yeah, we're live right now. Perfect. Yeah. Where you from? Ireland. Oh, nice. I was going to guess, but you having fun? Yeah. Great. Oh, excellent. My second boy. Yeah. Yeah, very nice. I don't think you can come here enough times. No, that's why I live here. So, so I I I am fortunate enough to get to come a lot. Yeah, we used to live up north about I don't know thousand miles up north in Indiana and um we moved down here and yeah, it's nice to get to come more. Yeah. There's a there's a lot of people um that walk around and do the lives and they get lot a lot of views, don't they? Yeah, we we do pretty well. We've been streaming. We're one of the first to stream on YouTube years ago. Yeah. Back in 2017, we started. No way. How many subscribers have uh 213,000? No way. Yeah. We've done We've done all right. It's been fun. It's been fun. Was I was following someone not for you or good for you. It's another YouTuber around here and I seen him as well. Oh, that's cool. Yeah. Did you uh you just followed him and saw him or did you talk to him? Yeah. I'm going to get his phone. I'll give you a follow as well. Oh, yeah. For sure. Yeah, it's a good view. I think be fun. Like it'll be kind of like different from the normal Main Street view, which is great, but this will be fun to see. He will be able to see tank a lot further. So, it'll be nice. Uh, it's resort. R E S O R T and then just TV and then the number one. It should come up up there probably. Yeah, right. Oh, yeah. That one right there. This one here. Yeah. Sweet. Yeah, you found it. Thank Thank you. I appreciate it. We're in southern Indiana and debating moving down to Florida. Good to know. It was a great move for you. Yeah, thank you. Um, wirer w mut twirler. Maybe wu twirler. I got it. I figured it out. YouTube used to like, you know, um, do a nice job of separating the names for us, but I got it figured out. Oh, I'm glad you're here. And yes, um, we were we used to live in Vincens's, uh, Sullivan, went to school at Indiana State as well as IU Bloomington. So, definitely southern Indiana. And um we have a real estate uh company too that we do referrals for. So if you want to check out our our real estate company, you can check that out at um you can actually check that out at um resortbomes.com. Again, that's resortbomes.com. Go check it out. Super cool. It's a lot of fun. Tonight's supposed to be the last night for Christmas. No, so tomorrow. Tomorrow will be the last night generally for Christmas stuff, but we'll see what happens. We're in Vincens's. Oh, wow. That's where That's where I grew up. I went to Lincoln High School, graduated 97. Do you know if the realtors can find manufactured homes? I think so. The only thing they don't do is rentals. I might have said maybe, but maybe. Yeah. Resourcomes.com working by expy. Yeah. The only thing the realtors don't do is um at least the ones that work with our group, they don't do rentals because it ends up being a lot of work and then they only get like a hundred or $200 commission. So, it's like a it's not worth their time to do it, unfortunately. Like, they'd love to help, but it's kind of like they'd be working for [music] like less than a dollar an hour or something or a couple dollars an hour, so they can't they just can't do it, unfortunately. But, they can do um they can do any usually most types of housing. 33 in Indiana. Well, not almost freezing then. Not quite. Almost. 12 minutes to fireworks and we're going to have a great spot. So, here we go. Hope you guys enjoy. That's super cool that you're in Venance. How fun. Okay, I'll go back to Vinc. It's a fun uh you know, I I I think Vincens has improved a lot. Like we we were there a couple years ago and I think we were just impressed by how much it had grown up a little bit and just you know, I know it's lost people since we lived there in the 80s, '90s, but I don't know, it's still kind of a nice place. Um was a neat place to grow up. like it was big enough that there was you know stores and things and restaurants but not so big that you didn't you knew almost everybody and so yeah fun stuff I do sometimes I am sad that Liam can't experience that evening of all ages in just 10 minutes invites you to enjoy our night ever journey in just 10 We moved from Michigan in 2020. It's grown. Definitely grown in the last two years. Nice. That's good. I mean, it's, you know, there's a lot of good people there still and and um still a lot of people I grew up with still live there, which is cool. Excuse me. Sorry. But no, I do enjoy it for sure. I like to visit again. We went we went down last time and uh we went up there last time and I did a live stream at the uh the George Rogers Cart Memorial which is always awesome. We used to watch fireworks there every July 4th and then uh we did a little drive around town so that was fun. Jeffersonville. Yep. I know where that is too. Nice. No, I say that's still like southern Indiana is a really pretty place. If you've ever been there, you'd think, oh, you know, there's just corn fields and stuff. And yeah, I mean, there are a lot of corn fields, but it's a beautiful country down there. Uh especially in the hills and the hills and hollers, all the curvy roads and stuff. It's just fun. I sh my father. [music] my own policy. Come on out there. [music] Leaport in the house. Nice. Go slicers. Hey dad. Hey mom. Got to see mom and dad earlier today. Chris Ellner. Goers. Do you know Winchester, Indiana? Home of Mis Wix pies. I actually didn't know that, but I know Winchester. I didn't know about the pies. I've heard of those. I didn't know that was Winchester. That's fun. 7 minutes till show time. Hey, Mom. [music] You see it? on your telephone. Oh, this is Disney World. photo. I hope those people put those balloons down for the people in behind them. That's not as nice as what you'd like. Got to put your balloons down. 5 minute announcement. Good evening. In just a few minutes, Magic Kingdom to enjoy our nighttime spectacular happily ever after. will experience tonight's performance of our imagination. Oh, hey Shannon. How are you? Welcome in. Camera is amazing. The castle looks crystal clear. That's awesome. Elbow. Wow. one day three minutes. Oh, thanks Dad. Appreciate it. Thanks, Mom too. Both of you. Thank you. Awesome. Bob Weir. Oh yeah, I actually saw that. Um top top post on my Facebook. Have fun. Sorry, I was looking at posts below that on Facebook. Um, some friends of mine [music] like somebody Here's here's what makes you feel a little older. Makes me feel old. Somebody I was in band with um now has a uh a kid who's in the marching hund. That's cool. I I use marching band. All right. Hey, Isaac. Just in time. Special Saturday stamp from the resort TV. East arcade room. Nice. We got the south arcade room down here. A whole new world. [music] Love you. have you on every Friday night. We rarely get to chat these days. Thanks, Josh. We'll be there in a week. Hope to run into you again. Thanks. Break it yourself. Absolutely. Yeah, Dad. Liam and I may try and get the uh erector set out tomorrow. We'll see. The one that [music] we got him for Christmas. That should be fun. upward. All right, guys. It is show time. [music] Wow. [music] Each of us has a dream, a heart's desire. It calls to us and we're brave enough to listen and bold enough to pursue. That dream will lead us on a journey [music] to discover. All we have to do is look inside. [music] [music] Come back here. [music] [music] [singing] [music] home. [music] I want to see it live. I don't [music] want to see nobody. Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Happy [music] [music] birthday. Make a wish and hold [music] on tight. [singing] [music] [music] Yeah. Heat. [music] [music] Oh, I see it. I see it. [music] [music] There [music] is the morning there [music] [music] just one day and then I swear I'll be [music] content with my share. Yeah. Heat. [music] [music] [music] You're dasting. You just have to be joining me. [music] [music] [music] Wow. [music] Better. [music] [music] Come on. Come on. [music] I take [music] you away. [music] [music] [music] [singing] But we are [music] calling [music] [music] you. I know. [music] Thank you. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Let me [music] know. [music] [music] I'm so sorry. Oh, I can't. [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] That's what friends are for. [music] Yes. [music] [music] Everywhere. [music] [music] We are [cheering] together. [music] pain. We don't have [music] to feel [music] [singing] [music] [music] Molly [music] [music] And [music] I can say my [music] heart. [music] [music] [music] That's [music] the light. [music and singing] Christmas [music] [music] and the world is somehow sh [singing] [music] Esle. [music and singing] [music] I know yet. [music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] One more go inside the show. [music] Remember [music] who you are. [music] [music] I walk her will be waiting for me with [music and singing] my face and voice. This is what I'm [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music and singing] Yeah. [music] Heat. [music] [music] [music] And so our journey will end but yours continues on. Grab hold of your dreams and make them come true. For you are the key to unlocking your own. Go. Let your dreams guide you. Reach out and find your happiness [music] [music] to the sky. Heat. Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Yeah. Heat. [cheering] This is the best. There we go. All right, that's going to be hard to do. I'm trying to Let's see. [music] That was awesome. Subscribe if you're new. Don't [music] miss it. Don't forget so good. So, my plan is to do People Mover and then um Haunted and then Peter Pan. We should have time to do that. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] Oh, so good. So good. So good. We're almost there. We just got to get to the corner here. This whole making everybody go to all the way to the castle is not efficient at all. [music] Oh well, at least we get a good um we get a get a good castle view. [music] Uh thanks Dad. Uh big movie van $10. Thanks very much Josh. That was a great job [music] tracking Tinkerbell. Thank you so much. Yeah, that was fun. Normally we can't see her for that long because of the building. So it was nice to be up a little further and be able to track. [music] Yeah. Oh, look how beautiful that is from here. That's so fun. [music] [bell] [music] Might have been faster to go down the street the other way. [music] Oh well, this is a really cool view. I did the seats and [music] sweets and tang flew right over my head. How fun. [singing] Sing along everybody. [music] [music] [music] [music] Yeah, I don't know why they do that. There's a lot of room to go through. I could have already been there if I had gone through [music] by Tomorrowland, but they they really I think it's way less efficient to have everybody go towards the castle because it just creates a giant bottleneck. But I have no idea why they do that. All right, here we go. But at least you get to watch this. Oh, that's great. Bit, watch this. I love the lights fading out. We don't normally get to watch that. That's fun. All right, we're almost there. Follow that stream of people. If you're in the car, stick up on your right. Okay, we found some breathing room there. Nice. Back to Christmas music. How fun. Just got to get around the corner here. So, People Mover, Haunted, and then maybe Peter Pan if we have time. Hopefully, we will. Haven't done Peter Pan for a little bit, so that'll be fun to do if possible. I know, David. It is a waddle waddle penguin walk. Exit to your ride. Hey, we did it. We did it. Yeah, I you know I understand some of it, but like if they could just let us go through there, it would be so much faster. And I don't think it would really cause that much issue. I should have left a little earlier cuz they don't usually close it down right away. Usually have a few seconds to get through. All right. Yeah, but Disneyland does a way better job clearing out after fireworks than Disney World does. And I don't understand why because it's such a smaller It's a much smaller park. But Disneyland has this really like clear they even like send a rope down the street, I think. And they have a very clear separation between exiting and and staying in the park. But it's never fun. I should just go back. I should just remember the trick Ron always does and I have been doing for years too. Just go back. But when you're so far up on Main Street, it's hard to get back there. But go back um towards uh Town Square and then use the back way to come up that that's the that's actually the best way to get back into Tomorrowland. So so much faster because fighting your way up through Main Street is just really really hard and almost kind of dangerous. Took about four minutes. That actually wasn't bad, though. That's It was moving more than normal. That's why I went ahead and stuck with it and didn't turn around. Yeah, it wasn't It wasn't as bad as normal, for sure. Did a great job at the Tinkerbell Shop. Thank you. Hey, Lou, how are you? Good to see you. All right. Oh yeah, Mr. Master, you can't divert to the side though. They had everything blocked. You had to the only option was to go forward. Only option was to press ahead. Press on. All right. Let me know again. Is anybody watching on the vertical version? Let me know. I still can't even find it. We're streaming dual streams, but I don't think it's working. I think YouTube has not quite figured out how to do that yet. this way. You got your Coke. You ready? That's awesome. David, I would uh be h I would be happy to have a Coke, too. Did I already say that? I don't know. I'm tired. Look at our exercise here. Oh, ever since Once Upon a Time went off, we needed a new production show. Yeah, that was a fun show. Oh, you're viewing vertical. Well, and what I'm and you might be. I don't know. What I mean by vertical though is not uh not this but actually where it fills the whole screen vertical like more like a shorts view. So this is vertical too but like it's technically landscape. So just I don't know if that's the view that's cool but that's our normal landscape. Yeah. Yeah. Um resort TV one. Resort TV. Yeah. Yes, normally it is. We got a little extra workout there that time. Yeah, every once in a while they'll break down. Uh, hey DBC Kev. How are you? Thanks for being here. Appreciate it. Oh, thanks Louis. Yeah, it was fun. Always good on happily ever after. Just one. Thanks. Thank you. And thanks for doing the lyrics, Isaac, as always. Um, I was going to say, you see, yeah, thanks for being here, everybody. Again, subscribe if you're new, and we're going to send you over to the 247 channel after this, so stay tuned for that. It's uh one of my second channels that I've been doing, and I'd love for more people to get on there because it's a it's a fun way. You can actually there's not always people chatting, but you can go chat with people and have a good time. I'm trying to think. Either way, it's fun. Carefully onto the moving platform. Then step into the car. For your safety, remain seated at all times, keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and your car. And please supervise younger beings. Stay clear of the doors which will open. I totally lost what I was going to say, but I'll remember later. Yeah, let's just enjoy the ride. [music] Like I said, it'll be Haunted Mansion after this and then um we'll do um hopefully Peter Pan. We're in the front. [music] [music] This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around. Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm 485, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see Tomorrowland. At my stars, is there ever lots to see. [music] From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. [music] For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while aboard. Thank you. [music] The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders. Transfer to Green and Red Lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future. I find two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City, Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people move. [music] On your right is Star Trainers, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy, except action stars. Those are no longer sold. [music] Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Rock. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. Attention [music] all visitors from Galaxy 831. Please keep all tentacles clear at oncoming vehicles. Thank you. This is Starport 75 or as we always call it the space race. Our highspeed rocket board to distant deep space destinations. [music] Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral moons of Pisces 7. You H2 owe it to yourself [music] today. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [screaming] [music] Engaging Mr. Mororrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow. Please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. [music] Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep all existing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. [music] To your right is the Astro Orbiter, a celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst [music] [music] The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. As usual, and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. [music] [music] [music] Yeah. [music] [music] Yeah. Listen. [music] Yeah. Heat. [music] [music] [music] Whether you have one eye or nine, take the time [music] to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has nearly come full orbit. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even better conclude, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time, now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow today. See you in the future. [music] I told you so much [music] [music] [music] by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and titties and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit [music] by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Step into the car. Please keep arms and titty and other away from your doors and seated until they open automatically. step on. All right. Well, let's go see if we can get on Haunted Mansion. Thanks for staying with us. I I see a halftime of the Packers Bears game. That's cool. Somebody's posting in the chat. Looks like Haunted has a uh 13 minute wait time currently, so that's good to see. So, we should be able to get right on there. 21 minutes till closing. Yeah, we might. We'll see. We might we might be able to do Peter Pan as well. We'll just have to see. All right, here we go. The end of the first game was crazy. Oh, interesting. Oh, you thought we were doing a two for David had two two times on People Mover. No, I would enjoy that, but I want to I want to do some other stuff, too. So, I it's too bad it um closes at 10:00. I guess they figure a lot of people with the race they'll be leaving early, but oh well. And we are going to probably be getting into uh less hours. Uh, one of the reasons or one of the indications of that is that um, if you look on the annual passholder um, schedule for like when you can book um, reservations for the park, you're going to see that they actually have uh, good to go days on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. So, you could technically come to the parks Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday in the morning with no reservations. Uh, which means that there's uh not means that it's [music] not going to be as busy those days, which will be nice. So, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, not as busy. That'll be fun. [music] All right, Joshua Steel, congrats on 10 months of Resort Hopper Bronze. Wow, 10 months. And I love Josh and Jenna. They're now considered my Disney friends. I will support this channel for more Disney content. Thanks, Joshua. Appreciate that so much. [music] Closing at 10:00 on the weekend night is crazy. Disneyland would never I know. We're uh this park is definitely unique in that way. People get used to say leave early. But see, that's the thing. I think they they see the stats and go, "Oh, everybody leaves after fireworks." And it's like, "Yeah, but if you stayed open later, people would stay later." Like it it's it's a if people know it's closing, they're going to leave. Like it's, [music] you know, it's kind of a self-fulfilling prophecy. Uh, no. There's no live video tomorrow. Nope. Um, Jenna doesn't usually go live on Sundays. That's her day to post stuff, but uh, unless we switch it up. But yeah, I'm not going to be live. So, um, and neither will she. But, um, she'll be back on Monday and we'll go from there. I will not also I will not be live on Tuesday because um we have a uh media event. So that'll be it'll be fun but I won't be able to be live on Tuesday because of the media event. We're going to go see a premiere of the Disneyland handcrafted movie. So I can't wait for that. It's a documentary by Leslie Eyeworks that I showed you a little bit of during D23. Excuse [music] me. All right, Shaggy. Congrats on 25 months of Resort Hopper Silver. Suddenly, I'm reminded of the song in the year 2525. Oh, funny. Thanks, Shaggy. Appreciate that. Yeah, a lot of these decorations are still up. [music] like pretty much I think they haven't taken anything down yet. So, you know, it's nice. The parks were much better decorated this year than they have been ever before, I think. At least, you know, here at Magic Kingdom. So, that's good. Now, they haven't started. They haven't started doing uh draining the uh moat yet. [music] What are you doing? Yep. It's always hard when the passes expire. That's for sure. Mr. Master, [music] we buy ours a year at a time, too. So, it's like a big expense you kind of have to save up [music] for. We don't do the monthly. [music] Picture perfect shot. Thanks. No, they didn't have a date when the castle would be finished. I don't think it'll [music] take too long. I mean, I, you know, I'd say a couple months at the max, but I mean, it will take a little while for the moat to drain out and [music] them to bring in the equipment, you know, the lifts and everything that they'll need to to actually paint it. So, we'll [music] see. [music] [music] Yep. They have months for painting. Yeah. So, I don't think it'll take like a long time, but I think it'll take at least a couple months. I don't think it took them tons of time. Like, they actually Hi, how are you? Good. Oh, yeah. [laughter] Good to see you. What's that? Have a great day. Yeah. Yeah. So far, I'm going to try and get Haunted and Pirate or Haunted and Peter Pan in [music] by the end of the night. So, we'll see if it works. You guys have fun. Bye. All right. I may not get I may not get both, but we'll see. I do need to change connections here really quick. All right. [laughter] Be right back. Thank you. All right, we'll be right back. Welcome back. I tried to do it kind of quickly. All the way forward. Please be climbing the jello line, please. Wow. All the way forward. All the way forward, please. behind the yellow line. I've ever been over here. You know what? Thank you. No. Okay, we're coming up. Yeah. What color? right here. I bet you guys [music] in door chambers and [music] strange frightening echoes through the Oh my god. Whatever candle lights we wake What? Did you just meet me? [laughter] No, I'm the mommy. My heart. Welcome, foolish. That's such a cute photo. I am your host, your ghost host. Our tour begins here in this gallery. Here where you see paintings of some of our guests as they appeared in their [clears throat] corruptible mortal state. Step away from the wallous almost as though you sense this quiet room. Is this haunted room actually stretching or is it your imagination? And consider this dismaying observation. This chamber has no windows and no doors, which offers you this chilling challenge to find a way out. Of course, there's always my way. The real work. Wow, look at this. Do [music] not pull down on the safety bar, please. I will lower it for you. And heed this warning. The spirits will materialize only [music] if you remain quietly seated at all times. At all times. Oh yes, and no flash pictures, please. I will be sensitive. Right. Our library is well stocked with priceless first editions, only ghost stories, of course, and marvel busts of the greatest ghost writers the literary world has ever known. They have all retired here to the haunted mansion. action. We have 999 happy points here, but there's room for a thousand. Any volunteers? If you should decide to join us, final arrangements may be made at [music] the end of the tour. Finally unlivable here in this house. Every room has wall to wall. We have seen our void contain our spirits. Kindly remain sitting your body. We will continue our just Please remain seated to resume motion immediately. Heat. Heat. [music] Let there be Music from regions beyond. [music] Wizards and witches, wherever you dwell, give us a hint by ringing the bell. [music] Serpents and spiders, tail of a rat, call in the spirits wherever they're at. Your happy hormones see your sympathetic vibrations and are beginning to materialize. They're assembling my swing with expecting me. I'll see you all. Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Heat [music] [music] up [music] [music] here. Yeah. [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. There you are. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. ghost. Now I will raise the safety bar and a ghost will follow you home. I don't think I'm going to make it. I only have like 30 seconds. But we'll see. I mean, I'll I'll try. It's not very far. Let's just see. I mean, we we'd have to really hustle. Only have about 30 seconds. I don't know. They probably already closed it. All right, let's see if we can last call it. I don't know if we can do it or not. I think we're probably going to miss it. Yeah. Yeah, it's past time. Well, they may be letting people in. Let me see. I think we missed it. [music] Is everybody ready? We made it. Yay. I don't know why. I don't know how. They were being really nice. They let us in. Small world. They'll let you in. Actually, it's closed. There's [music] nobody even at the front there. They were talking to another family. That's what saved us. There's another family that was waiting for somebody. And the cast member was trying to be nice and let them in. [music] saved us at the buzzer. Yeah. [laughter] [music] [music] Go buy a lottery ticket. I know, right? No, that was super lucky that they were talking to another family trying to get them kind of they he was telling them, "Oh, if your if your whole party's together, like I need you to go in right now." I totally get that. The managers, I'm sure they they probably get in trouble if they have the ride open too long cuz, you know, it's overtime and all kinds of stuff. So, I totally get it. They were being really nice by trying to wait for the other family. So, anyway, but that helped me out a lot. Yay! I earned another Coke and a cookie. Yes. Yeah, it's almost a [music] walk-on. That's the whole wonderful thing. Almost. Yeah. Like we're literally almost there. And the lightning wings are done. So, it's just straight on. Get your blood going there. Make the run. Oh, hi. Yeah. What's your channel? Resort TV. Resort TV. Yeah. Resort TV one technically. You got it. You found it. How are you? Good. How are you? Good. I'm a regular watcher and a teacher. So, Oh, awesome. Thank you. Good to see you. Yeah. Where you from? Rhode Island. Okay. The college program she just finished. We're taking her home. Oh, nice. Congrats. Yeah, it's uh super cool. What did you do? What was your role? I wrote to Slinky Dog. Oh, nice. Slinky, dog. Super cool. When I before it opened, I went with a cast member on preview and I couldn't film it, but I wrote it nine times in a row. That was super cool. And I was like, "This is the only time I'll ever get to do this." Oh, mine is so Oh, yeah. Yeah. There's never a time when when it's like, "Oh, yeah. Just go again." It's in the sun. It's like I Yeah, that's rough. The only time the barntorm every once in a while if you go out to the barntorm my son and I did do this sometimes late if it's super late and there's nobody online they'll let you keep going. I barely made it on here but there was I technically it was 10 but there was a family that was kind of waiting for somebody and the cast member at the front was being super nice and letting them wait. So they were like yeah you can go ahead. I was like okay we came in at 9:59 yeah I didn't think we're going to make it but it was like 10:00 and 30 seconds. So I I thought well technically I'm past time so I'm not going to be mad but they let me in. So yeah, that was awesome. crowd navigation from living in NYC. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, there you definitely have to navigate some crowds in NYC for sure. [music] [music] Nice to meet you guys. Have fun. Yes. Nice to meet you as well. Thank you. Yes. Well, tomorrow I think tomorrow still going to have Christmas up. Oh, thanks. Appreciate it. inside just Thank you [music] to Neverland. Man, [music] heat. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Fire. Fire in your face. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Everybody [music] I want you. [music] [music] Help [music] me. Help me. It's just me. Help me. [music] Then exit to your right onto the moon belt and watch your step. Please do [music] not look up on your safety bar automatically. Then exit to your right on your step. Yeah. Have a good one. All right, we made it. Have a good night. [music] All right, we did it. We set a goal of writing TTA and writing Haunted Mansion and then writing Peter Pan and we did it. We [music] wrote them all. That was super cool. And uh Starlight should be on now. Now, that leads to the question of how to get [music] through. I would like Well, they should let us through. The parade's not started yet. I would really like to see I would really like to get a cookie and a Coke. So, uh I'm going to try and do that. [music] Oh, I'm glad you guys enjoyed it. It's been a fun night. I'm going to miss the Christmas decorations, but they'll be back again later this year. [music] How fun. Nice plan execution. Thanks. It almost didn't work, but we did it. And thanks to some nice cast members, we were able to get in. That's kind of cool. Here, look, you can see the tree through there. Oh, and you can [music] see uh Wow, what a neat shot here. Hold on. Let me get You can also see the blue fairy through there. Look, that's the blue fairy. Hold on. Hold on. Look at that. How fun is that? That's a cool shot. Going to come back out. [music] Goodbye pretty decorations. I'll see you next year or next season. See you in November. Nine nine months from now. No, 10 months from now. I can't add. It's fine. [music] Oh, what a cool shot. Hold on. I got to get this. Look at that. [music] All your wishes may come true. Wow. [music] That's Walt right there. That's Walton Mickey. That's the partner statue right here. [music] [music] [music] [music] Come on. My virtual and all that is good. [music] That was neat. I also like this view of the castle. Sorry. Oh, we'll get to watch the parade twice. [music] $4.99 from Catish. Thank you. Thank you, [music] Catish. Appreciate that. 499 super chat. So cool. I love that we have a nighttime parade. That makes me super happy. [music] And it's a good parade, too. 100%. Like I I will I will definitely uh we'll definitely say that's a great a great parade. [music] Let me turn down the brightness a little bit. [music] She dreams come true. [music] Why hello there. Come with me and dream the night away. [music] [music] [music] From way up here, it's almost like part of the sky. [music] [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Yeah. [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Stop. [music] [music] Yes. [music] Fast forward parade. Heat. [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] We can do anything. [music] [music] Yeah. [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] [music] So, Wendy, are you having fun? Oh, Peter, [music] everything is so magical. We're just getting started. Heat. [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] the stars with all our friends. It's like we're on a shooting star. [music] [music] [music] There's so many stars to wish upon tonight. Everybody wish upon a star. [music] Look at all our cars. [music] Oh, they just star and they're just like us. [music] [music] So beautiful to be up here. We got time before the uh Starbucks closes. 10 minutes. So that's perfect timing. We got to see the whole [music] parade. And no, no Jiminy cricket float this time. [music] Yes, there's several. Actually, [music] not several, but there's definitely a lot of nods to Spectral Magic. I think the opening theme, the fanfare, [music] is a nod to Spectro Magic. Wow. [music] [music] [music] I never [music] [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Heat [music] up here. [music] [music] [music] [cheering] That is really really good. That ending is just so so good. But all the music I is just Yeah, I could use a float or two and things, but that music is just it it makes it it makes the show. I was so worried about the music because again [music] it's I think it's the most important thing in a parade like that is having nostalgic beautiful you know music and it it does. It certainly does. It's so so good. So so good. It's just really classy. I don't know. It's It's hard to describe, but the way the the way the main theme music sounds, it sounds like a beautiful evening in the park. Like, it sounds exactly what it's supposed to be. And maybe I just have been here enough to like kind of associate it with that, but it just sounds like a wondrous night of magic. It just it really does. And I don't know, you know, how they do that, but it's really really good. Remember me. Oh yeah, David for sure. Listen, I'm Spectro. Yeah. Yeah, Spectro came back. I would like definitely cry like a baby. But no, it's um yeah, Spectro is number one. But I think this is a worthy successor. Not better, but definitely worthy. I think that's the best way I would put it. And I think it fits it fits the modern audience well. The modern audience attention span is not quite what it was during Spectro, even though I wish it were. Spectro was like 20some minutes long with lots more floats. We get that. But I I think they will add floats to this. And I think it's going to be here for a long time. And it's just so happy to walk down the street and see a parade. Like been saying it for years and years and years. So yeah, I'm not like the first time I saw it's so funny cuz you know when I see different shows like I saw Luminous and I just wasn't quite sure the first time and then I, you know, kind of grew to love it. Um, and I really do love Luminous now. But like this show I saw it and I was like, "Yes, I love it." Yeah. Does it need a few things? Sure, whatever. But like it it's so good. Main Street Electrical Parade is my favorite nighttime parade. I liked Electrical Parade, too. I mean, don't get me wrong, I don't know that I would even rank them. I mean, I know maybe a lot of people would still put this one number three. I they would definitely put Spectral One, but I I think this one is very worthy successor. And it has had I don't know if you guys have noticed since the Christmas parade was over, it has had more dancers. I think they had a lot of their dancers in the Christmas parade during the day for a while there. So they didn't have enough people probably to have, you know, everybody there. But it um it's good. And so there's been a pretty full complement of dancers everywhere throughout the parade. Has lots of appeal and room to grow. Yes. Looks good. Again, the music is is stunning in a lot of ways. It's magical. It's memorable. It's stuck in your head. It's a good theme. It doesn't go exactly like it's not it's not standard in a lot of ways. And then the fact that it incorporates electrical parade. I think they they did a great job, you know, trying to kind of appeal to the nostalgia and then having the floats change colors like Spectro did where you know Spectro had the parades that would go mult or the parade floats that would go well all of them would go multicolored and then um and then just complete white during parts of the parade. I think that's a huge call back to Spectro and along with the music and then all the different special effects are so cool too. uh you know when Pinocchio comes out and you know the manta you know all the stuff in the cocoa float that happens and then when whimsy um when whimsy does his you know thing where he turns blue is so beautiful you know that's so cool yeah the horizon's riff so David I finally figured it out you'll appreciate this as a music person's riff is a five of five I believe it's a sharp or it's a it's a sharp four in the bass And then it go and then it resolves to five. Sharp four five. Oh, you're fine. We're fine. No, I I there's nobody ready for me yet, so we're all good. I got your hands full. Yeah, I I miss Becko for sure. Yeah, I think it is a shop floor like a something. You ordered the line starts at the end over there. So, you enter through those main doors. No, we already ordered. Okay. What's going on? We're not getting our two caramel macchiato. So, you're waiting for them. You wait at the end. So, tell your name. Hi. Um, just the Coke and a chocolate chip cookie. And a chocolate chip cookie. Yep. Sure. Anything else for you today? No, that's all. And what is the good name for the cookie? Uh, Josh. Perfect. It's going to be $10.96, please. Okay. Here's your receipt. They will call your name right at the end of your cookie. Thank you. Yep. You too. Hello. How are you? Happy New Year indeed. The boys went on. Oh, John. Nice. It's back to normal, right? Back to Jungle Cruise. No jingles. I didn't get on the jingle cuz the waiting was too long all the time. Yeah, we had one of the I actually had um I went over there during a parade or something and I actually had one of the best skippers I've ever had. We had a really good one just now. Her name was Ally. Ally. Okay. And then Thank you. And then there was a couple other skippers. I don't know if they were training or what, but they were like they were loud. Oh, nice. The boat was really They were getting into it. I love it. I'll tell everybody I said hi. Yep. It's stuck in my head now. You did it, Disney. You did it. Got it. Uh-huh. I will say, you know, anytime I I can always, you know, have like little criticisms or something of what Disney does here or there, but I will say uh um I I think, you know, they're in general they are just fairly impeccable with the music. It's so so good all the time, and they really take a lot of time to make it great. Yeah, they did the um they they did little Mickey ears on my O there. Oh, I love seeing the um I love seeing the the gas powered vacuum cleaners. Remember they used to have the red ones after um Spectro Oh, let me turn the brightness up. There we go. That's better. And quality up. H lady we were just talking to. Oh yeah. Um [music] she's from uh Living Ind. Uh her um her family runs that channel. It's a road sambon. I love it. Carlo Box. That's a great It's a great way to say it. [music] Come here. [music] back and chat Monreal right out. Yeah, we could. We could. But I think I'm going to enjoy a little time in here just hanging out. So, may all your Christmases be white, everybody. I mean, no. Well, no, tomorrow I won't be uh streaming tomorrow if that's what you're asking. I won't be live again till Friday, uh with Jenna, of course. So, uh because I have a Tuesday media event, so I I'll be there for [music] that. Oh, thanks, Baked Cake. I appreciate that. So, the streams are comforting. I appreciate that. Hi. How are you? Portugal. Oh, that's awesome. Portugal. Oh, nice to meet you. Did you guys want to say hi on the live stream? From Portugal. Wow, that's so awesome. I don't know that I've ever met anybody on the stream from Portugal. So, that's pretty cool. I always watch it. Oh, thank you. It's nice to see you. Nice to see you, too. Mom and dad. Oh, thank you. What are your names? I'm Gabby. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Excellent. Well, enjoy the rest of your trip. Thanks for watching. Bye. A battery check. We're good. I've got I'm plugged in, so we're all good. I had to plug in on the People Mover cuz we were at 15%, but now we're at 57%. We're in good shape. Hey, Jennifer. [music] Yeah, worldwide. Oh, yeah. They over here. Yeah. Yeah, they do still have the tables on the side street. And you know what? Why not? Let's Let's have a little snack and chat for a little bit. I do want to send you guys over to my 24-hour channel here in a minute. So, go everybody go. So, but I am kind of anxious to eat this cookie and then we can enjoy a little more Christmas magic, but let's um I won't I won't be long, but let's um make sure and go and subscribe over the 247 channel. That's [music] at resort TV1. Uh resort TV247.com. No, not that. Resort TV247. Oh, wow. How fun. Oh, thanks, Mr. Master. Yeah, we've had a good one tonight. This is cool. I haven't seen this. All right, let's go over here. All right. Yeah, this is I love this center street here. All right, so anywh who sorry that backpack does not like to sit on things. It is not a good backpack for like being solid. It's light. That's why I got it. I just got to find my uh tripod if I can do it without knocking the knocking the thing off here. All right, there it is. I found it. So anyway, yeah, hang tight and I'll send you guys in just a few minutes. I'll send you over to the 24/7 channel and you can chat on there as long as you want all night if you want. I mean, you know, probably should sleep at some point, but there we go. All right. And we can listen to the uh music as [music] we enjoy our snack here. Let me unplug the battery since we're we're good now. We're only going to [music] be live for a few more minutes. Wonder if they have to [music] replace any light bulbs for two months the Christmas decor is up. I have no idea. This sounds so much like Thank you, Mr. Marvel. You said any. Oh, really? It's funny. I didn't even mean to say that. I know he does say that, doesn't he? Mr. Nate. Yep. Good friend of ours. He was at the Magical Night of Hope as well. By the way, I don't if you guys saw the update. Magical Night of Hope at Gift Kids of World uh raised $70,000. So, big shout out to everybody who donated and supported for that. I was trying to get the seat to move. It did not want to move. Okay. Uh, I'm not gonna have a trinkle Tuesday this week because I have a media event on Tuesday. Sorry. Well, the cookies are getting smaller. Oh, well. Yeah. So, I have media event on Tuesday. So, no tranquil Tuesday this week. I'll be back live on Friday. [music] on this table. Hi. There's a big spot right here. How did he get you? Yeah, they're a little smaller. Do you remember my name? He actually remembered my name. I tried your strategy at Epcot with mossing after fireworks to the bus. Worked like a charm. Yeah, it's great. You guys can hear the voice lesson, David. Yeah, it does kind of look like that. And my name we haven't seen him since we were always so joked to see each other. [music] Enjoy this view from the back porch on a warm Saturday night in Georgia. [music] Nice. Is he just a wonderful friend? I just love him. That's what I told him. I said, "You know what?" I said, "You are the only school back in the day." That kind of sketchy have music. Hey, they're all day. Cookie and Coke has been become my dad and nice favorite snack. It helps my head headache [music] sometimes. Nice. Yeah. A little caffeine usually does help headaches. Has probably have I don't know. I I'm not a doctor, but I think it has something to do with the blood vessel thing. He was angry when I was happy. [music] Oh, yes. I enjoyed the Christmas music. It's almost gone. [music] Oh, let's not. There we go. My My Coke almost overflowed, but we're we're good. Crisis averted. Oh wow, Scotty. Yes. Well, I'm glad you're at the hospital. You mess met with addiction specialists. Good. Yeah, you got to get with the right people and then you got to get an accountability partner or somebody who can work with you who can keep you and, you know, really like just keep you accountable and um keep you on the right track. It helps. It helps to have help. You can't do it alone. You got to have some help. It is very important. But you can do it. Just make sure you have the right help. Yeah. The Christmas Zombians video will stay up. It's actually not on the 24/7 channel. It's on the main channel, but I posted a link to it on the 24/7 channel. wrote earlier about the cast member who was an ultra runner. I want to thank you so much for what you do with these videos. Helps us feel closer from Texas. Yeah, for sure. [music] But he was hiding it in two words. Typically headaches, particularly migraines, are when blood vessels overdilate and allow too much blood flow. So caffeine and ice are vaso restrictors. Oh. Oh, see there we go. I was on the right track with the blood vessel thing. I did it when you weren't eat it. Yeah, you got this. We're on your corner, Scotty. We are in your corner. And then when you've been sober for a while, you can come celebrate with us. Oh, no. But you are very brave. And yes, you're right. I don't know your parents. I didn't know your parents, but yes, that's what they would have wanted. I promise you. And I promise you, they'll be so proud of you wherever they, you know, if they're if they're not with us anymore, but they will be [music] or even they if they are or if they're not, but they will be so proud of you either way, David. Yeah, I can tell you about the humidity, too. All about it. It is actually pretty humid. Have you thought about adding your BRB screens in between changes on 24/7? Um, not really, just because um [music] I just kind of like it to stay moving, but you know, I don't know. I'd have to completely rerender them at a at a shorter length. That's a cool name. All right, we're going to head out. This was fun. The name sounds like she has mental illness. Okay, that is true. Yeah, but don't let me [laughter] burn. How you perfected your BRBs over the years is awesome. Thank you. Yeah, God bless you, Scotty, for sure. All right, let's go enjoy the rest of the the rest of the evening here. Actually, we're we're almost done, but um I do have a couple other awesome sponsors to thank. I don't know how far I got last time, but go check [clears throat] out David's DVC rentals. DVCrequest.com/tv. That's dbcrequest.com/tv. Check them out. If you want to rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost, they'll be glad to help you. Also, go check out um Behind the Ride on Amazon. That's Behind the Ride on Amazon. If you want to find out how all your favorite rides are created, just go to Amazon and search for Behind the Ride. This one or this one? This one. Yeah, just go to Amazon and search for Behind the Ride. And uh or Disney Demystify. They even have an audio book for that one. And uh let's see, Dream Table. If you want to find out all the best reservations at Disney, um you can just go to the Dream Table app and they will find all those great reservations for you. [music] It's at um just search for Dreamtable on the App Store. Again, just search for Dreamtable on the App Store or dreamtable.co is the website as well if you want to check it out there. Uh one more. Let's see. the Layer 1 Technology. If you want to um get IT support for your small or mediumsiz business, check out um Layer 1 Technology at support layer 1 technology.com. Go check them out. Thanks sponsors. We also have some platinum members and I will definitely um definitely like to thank them here real quick. So, give me just a second. I'll figure it out. There we go. Platinum members. These are people that support us with $50 a month on YouTube memberships. Um, Bayub TX, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Grey Rose Adventures, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Go Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer, Mickey, William Wy, my crazy grown-up wife, Chuck Polly, Amazing, Jaylen Mox, Cicander, Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Bismo, and Alan J. Thank you everybody. [music] So pretty. See you soon. Oh, wow. Manoa J. Let's see. Hold on. Jay gifted five memberships. How fun. Thank you. Thank you, Manoa J. Uh to Jacqueline Morgan. Um Parrot Head. Uh let's see. Uh, Monoa J. Oh, Mo Mano J got a gift from membership from the cell. That's hilarious. Um, Triads something. Triads. [music] Sorry. The usernames are hard to read sometimes. Triads. Thank you. Uh, Queen Darina got one as well. All right. The streams have been super helpful lately. If I appreciate it so much in this community, thanks if you can dream it. Appreciate it. #notmelony. Heather. Anyway, thanks for all the gift memberships. Yes. Oh, don't worry. Christmas will be back. But in the meantime, we got 10 months to enjoy of 2026. If there's anything I've learned this year, it's slow down. Like, slow down. Don't take stuff for granted. Boy, it's really clearing out, isn't it? Yeah. Slow down. Don't take stuff for granted. Enjoy the small things. So good. [music] I saw that Bob. We were Grateful Dead. Yeah, it's very sad. We've lost a lot of people [music] in the last year or two. That's why I say don't take anything for granted. Enjoy, enjoy the moment, you know, live in the moment. All the things that people always say, but it's so true. Time goes fast. [clears throat] So, enjoy the moment. Enjoy the time that you have. It's important [music] to you know, um, was it John Lennon that said, you know, in the song, uh, life is what [music] happens when you're busy making other plans. You know, make it make it be what happens when you're enjoying it. I think that's important. So, we'll see you soon. Actually, we'll see you Friday. I'll And you can see Jenna on Monday. That's right, David. Tomorrow's promise to no once again. Savor the boredom as much as the active. That's right. But sometimes I have to remember to be thankful to be at work even, right? Even though like, okay, I'd rather, you know, obviously I love my job still, but I, you know, you'd still rather be home and relaxing, obviously, even if you have a even if you have an awesome job like I do. You know, it's it's human nature to want to just kind of chill. Um or do, you know, do things you want to do at home or whatever. But the point is, you know, I'm thankful for my work time, too, because um you know, there's fun things throughout the day at work and there's just things to look forward to then, too. So, yeah, that's good. Enjoy every sandwich. [music] That's right. Yeah. Enjoy all the sandwiches. That's good. So, I hope you guys have a great night. Uh, I'll see you on the 24/7 channel. Definitely come over there and join us. Uh, it's a great place. Um, we've got over 1500 people on here right now. I'd love to see everybody. Sorry. Love to see everybody on the 24/7 channel tonight. It's a lot of fun. It's literally um shuffle play live streams or sorry, shuffle play um relaxing strolls of Disney. You can play it all night. Pretty awesome. You're gonna love it. I also look forward to when friends come to the area. Yeah, for sure, David. Yeah, we're definitely [clears throat] we're definitely going to need to work something out in a couple weeks and then we're going to need to work out another trip that's [music] longer where we can actually come to your house and have a little more time. This is a very quick trip, but the next one doesn't need to be so quick. All right. Well, I'll see you guys soon. Hopefully I don't have chocolate on my face. Not that it matters. All right, [music] there we go. Such a beautiful view. Such a beautiful night. And uh we just thank you for watching. I [music] thank you for watching. I thank you for being a part of the community. There's a lot of things to watch. There's a lot of things to do. There's a lot of, you know, there's football, there's other streams, other channels, there's other media, there's Tik Tok, there's Instagram, there's all the grams, there's all the talks, there's all the all the things to watch, but you guys are here and we appreciate it. So, yeah, come on over to the 24/7 channel. You're you're not going to um definitely be disappointed. It's a lot of fun and um really really appreciate everybody that did come over there and we've got over 8,000 people subscribed and [music] uh it's just such a fun little community over there and such a fun way to just enjoy Disney all the time with you know with no talking and just kind of chill vibe and chill atmosphere. So we'll see you next Friday. So I should say this coming Friday at the Festival of the Arts. That's going to be super [clears throat] fun. So we'll see you next Friday. Epcot Festival of the Arts. We don't usually announce it but I think everybody knows. So it'll be super awesome. So, we'll see you then, everybody. All right, guys. Thank you moppers. Thank you hoppers. Thank you Patreon members, thank you channel members, everybody. We appreciate all the support. Thank you people that super chatted. Thank you uh of course the Stephan Liam for holding it down at home whenever I'm here at the parks doing the streams. We appreciate them as well. Of course, [music] I appreciate them. So, yeah, we'll see you all soon. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. [music] Where you going? Okay. You leaving yet? What's that? Are you leaving yet? Yeah, in just a couple minutes. Okay. Just signed off. All right. Well, we did. Okay. Good seeing you. Yeah, you too. Yeah, it has. Yeah. I'll be done in a second. I'll say hi. Okay. Good night, guys. What's that? Oh, yeah. All right, guys. Merry Christmas and good night. Oh my gosh. She said
