---
video_id: R-YxEeDizr0
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Epcot Festival of the Arts - Figment's Scavenger Hunt -Walt Disney World Live Stream -2-4-26"
published: 2026-02-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-YxEeDizr0
---
my ass. >> Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live today here at Epcot's Festival of the Arts for Whimsical Wednesday. Welcome in everybody. Before we get too far into the video, I want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all of the social media for Resort TV one on all of the things. Welcome in everybody. It is a gorgeous day out today. It's supposed to be about 73, something like that. Um, and sorry about the time change. I was able to go live a little bit earlier. We're having some house issues right now. We had to replace all of our w water pipes in our house. So, I didn't know what time I'd actually get here today, but um, worked out where I could get here earlier. So, thought, hey, why not have switch it up an hour and get started since we were here anyway. So, welcome in, guys. Thanks for being here. And we're going to be doing the Figment scavenger hunt today. And look who is in charge of the map. >> Mom, she's got the map. >> Yes. >> So, mom's here with me today. We're going to enjoy this beautiful day. Wow. >> Mom said yes. It's going to be nice. I'll go. >> So, we are here. Dad might join us later. We'll see. He's meeting up with some family that's in town. Um, but for now, mom and I are going to enjoy the afternoon with you guys. Uh Timothy and Margaret both became bronze members. Thank you so much Timothy and Margaret for becoming members of the channel. We really really appreciate that. Thank you so much. Hi Plymouth Rock. Hi Bran. Hi Quidd. Hi Lesie. Amy Virginia. Val Liz. Catalina. Noel. Amy is here. Awesomeness. Ally Diane. Mr. Nerd. Hello guys. Casey, how are you today? So share us out. Let everybody know we're live a little bit earlier than we were expecting today. Weren't going to go for another hour, but like I said, we were ready, so why not get the party started? >> A Virginia, that's so sweet. Hi Val. Hi Teresa. Watching during your lunch break. Well, that is perfect. I love it. I hope you enjoy your lunch break. I have some sort of hair right in my eye. There we go. Okay, I fixed it. Hi, Bevy. Hi, Britney. Good afternoon. All right, so first of all, before we start our our scavenger hunt, cuz that's back in the World Showcase. I mean, we got to go in the shop, right, Mom? >> Well, yeah. >> See what's new. So, let's go do that first. >> Hello, guys. Happy whimsical Wednesday. I hope everybody's having a good midweek so far. We're warming up, so we're excited. >> Yeah, we're so excited for Josh tomorrow becoming the CEO. That's right. Hi, Disney Lou. Disney Lou is here. Yeah, the trees are pretty. Some of some of the grass and the trees are are frozen, like they died. But most of them made it, so that's good. All right, guys. Let's go in and see what we can find. Oh my goodness, look at Minnie Mouse. Isn't she adorable? >> Her little outfit. She got a couple to change into popcorn. A sundae and some water. I love that. >> That is adorable. Watching from cold lanta. Cold lanta. I love that. Not hot Atlanta. That's funny. So funny. All right, they got some uh Minnie Mouse throw blankets. These are pretty. >> We would have needed those. which actually it's supposed to get cold again tomorrow. Supposed to get another cold front tomorrow. So, so we might need them tomorrow. What else do we see here? Oh, this is cute. Let's check this out. Mom, this is new and adorable. The most magical day ever. >> Oh, that is cute. >> Isn't that adorable? Look at the little Mickey bubbles coming out of Mickey's bubble wand. >> That is cute. >> So, it is $69.99. Sorry. $69.99. So, $70. Back is plain. It says Walt Disney World on the sleeve. I can't get that. Well, it's just going to have to go that way. Yeah, it works. This is new, too. We saw this at the Contemporary. I like that. It's a little bit more of that wider cut, >> but it's cute. >> 20 below. Wow, that is cold. This was the one I almost bought and then I It was a little too short for me. >> Oh, look at the Mickey zipper. I didn't notice that. >> Oh, that's cute. >> But I'm glad I tried it on. >> But the back is the cutest thing ever. Look at them watching the fireworks come together. And it's all embroidered. Well, almost all of it is embroidered. Hey, Benjamin. Yeah. I decided to start a little earlier today. Get 70 as well. Yeah. >> When you get all that >> When you get all Exactly. Oh, and look, this is new, too. And I kind of need it. >> Oh, that's >> I love the one I have. And when this one wears out, I might as well get a backup. >> Yeah, it's true. >> It's my favorite backpack. It literally >> carries all the things you need. >> Yeah. >> I think it's 50. >> Yeah. $49.99. It also even carries your ears right here. >> Oh, yeah. >> Pocket for your ears. >> Instead of a pocket full of sunshine, you got a pocket full of ears. >> Ah, that's me sometimes. Not always. All right, let's go see what they have in the build your own ear section. >> This is cute, too, isn't it? Oh, yeah. >> It's very valentiny, and I love it. >> The pink and the red. >> Yep. Tony says, "Hi, mom. How you doing?" >> Doing good. I think you need this one. Mom loves her red. >> I do. That's cute. >> It's a cute sweatshirt. >> Yeah. >> It is $59.99. So, it's a little cheaper cuz it's not a hoodie with the zip, >> which No, >> don't always need the hoodie coming in. >> To spring. This is true. Good point, Mom. >> All right, let's see. The one I noticed is new is this bow. Isn't >> that cute? >> It goes this way. >> Yeah, probably. >> Are we purchasing? >> Right. >> Headband. >> On the headband. I already have the headband. It's on right now. >> I got my um >> You got pigment on them. >> Figment today. And they ran out of these. I'm wearing my Mickey glasses cuz it's bright outside. And the nice thing about these, you don't have to take them off when you go inside. >> That's true. >> Now, they're not quite as good as your sunglasses. >> No. But when you're trying to read a a stream. >> Yes, >> they work great. >> Yeah, >> this one's new. How cute. All the characters on the back. >> Yeah, they look cute. >> Embroidered. >> Hi, Bonnie. Just catching you on lunch break. We'll watch the replay. Thank you. All right, let's go see what's over here. Can't miss anything. They do have the brand new pink ears over here, which I think are adorable. They're starting to sell out of them. >> I'm just looking. >> Aren't those pretty? >> I have these. So, I keep telling myself I don't need these. >> I said I have those. So, I >> Those go really good with gray hair. I wear them at home. >> You wear them at home? Perfect. Perfect. >> I bring them here cuz I don't want to get them messed up. >> I understand. >> Right. We can always buy more. They have more. >> Oh, they do. Oh, >> just in case you left them at home. >> I thought that those were the only ones they had. I didn't want I wanted other people to have the joy. >> That's very nice. >> I love that. That's funny. >> But yeah, they're really cute. I like the little Mickey pearls on the on the bow. >> Hi, Virginia. How are you? What is it? Oh, the huge bow. Did you see that? I know. Isn't that funny? >> I tried it on. It really looks weird. I'm not going to lie. >> At least on me. Other people can pull it off, but not me. >> It's huge. >> Yeah, >> I much prefer that one. >> Yeah, I have this one. >> I was thinking >> Yeah, but it's fun. >> It is. >> It's a fun alternative. >> Huh? Yeah, that one's cute, too. >> All of them are cute, right? You can't go wrong. >> Well, no. >> All right, let's go see what else we can find. coming. >> I don't want to lose you. >> Hi, Anthony. Hi, Kathleen. How are you? >> Huh? >> Do you not? I thought you had some. >> Got some for Christmas. >> Yeah. >> Oh, okay. >> This one's really cute. Look at this. Love is in the air. Adorable. >> Very cute. >> And I also really like this one for Valentine's. >> Oh, yeah. >> Apparently everybody else, too, cuz they're out of small. >> Yep. >> Doing great over here. Enjoying my day off. Awesome. >> Hey, Princess Kristen. We are early today. Yes. Share us out. Let everybody know. >> All right. Oh, they do have the flowers. Mom, look. I I got mom a early Valentine's present. I got her the Winnie the Pooh flower. >> That's so cute. >> And I got me the Stitchy one the other day. So I got Stitchy. I got mom Winnie the Pooh. >> There's also Minnie, Mickey. >> Yeah. >> Chip and Dale. >> Yeah. >> Did you get Dale one? >> I actually got myself Dale. And you did. >> But you know, I would take Pooh and Winnie. And I mean I'd take all I said Poo and Winnie. Minnie. How about Pooh and Minnie? Oh my goodness. Hi Mia. >> Translated. >> You did, right? You know Jenna language. Hi. How are you guys? Good to see you. >> It's Chi. Do you want to say hi? >> Chihuahua. Mom and dad. Hello. >> Cute. I love your necklace. So cute. Say I got mine on. >> Is that the pirate? No, it's her face. Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. >> Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. I'm so sorry. >> Okay. Okay. Yep. I Yep. >> I know how it is. Mine passed away. >> You're about a year and a half to two before Chloe. >> So, I'm finally getting to the point where I'm not looking quite long. >> It's hard. It's Yeah. You know, it's it is >> so my husband and I said, "Oh, we're all living." >> You know, he's the dog that only outlive us. >> The house is empty. I know. It's >> a long time. >> Yeah. That's why I'm not home much. >> It's why I come here. >> Yeah. Right. No, I get that. Yeah. here and like and then >> they said what? I'm sorry. >> So, we had to send the dog. >> Go get it. Yeah. Oh my goodness. >> And I got the paw print. I didn't want to wear it. >> Yeah. No, I totally get it. I have the paw print and Dale made this for me for Christmas, so it worked out. So, Cute. >> Yeah. Good to see you. >> Oh, we are >> all dog people. Yes. 100%. >> Got to point, you know, I'm not looking boring all the time. It's >> hard. Yeah. >> Hi, Jonathan. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. But >> Yep. They they are definitely part of >> Oh, 100%. >> 100%. >> I didn't want to make you No, thank you. like like we did. It was just the same type of thing that we all went through. We went through >> Yep. >> Yeah. It's and we know that we're going to go through it, but we do it anyway cuz >> it's worth it. >> 100%. But >> for years to get heartbagnosed her kidney disease, I think she had it for about a year and a half. So, it was pricey, but 100% worth it. >> Like, what what else are you gonna do, right? >> Exactly. >> Gonna do it. >> There are there are children. There are babies. >> So, >> well, no, no, no. All good. I hope you guys enjoy your time here. This is >> The weather's beautiful. >> It is perfect. >> So awesome. >> You too. Yeah. Have fun today. All right. You too. Bye, guys. All right. So, yeah, they have all the flowers over there. I love those flowers. >> Mhm. >> They have some Valentiney stuff over here. >> Hi, Paige. >> Aren't those pretty? >> Yeah, they are >> so pretty. >> Oh my goodness. Look at all the ducks. All the Disney ducks. >> Yeah, that's cute. >> Oh my goodness, there's so many of them. Look at the alien. Oh, mom, they have a Winnie the Pooh. There's Digger. >> Oh my goodness. >> There's Winnie. >> Oh yeah, >> I already have a Stitch one. Somebody got me one once. >> That is cute. >> Is he cute? I know. >> Adorable. >> Oh my goodness. >> There's an Olaf one down there, too. >> I don't know how much they are. >> Can't be, you know, >> can't be too. Oh, here we $4.99. >> Oh, okay. >> I'm like, can't be too much. They're rubber. >> That's true. >> Here's the stitchy one that I already I already have. >> Yeah, that's cute. >> Hello, Tim from Ninja Land. He's in ninja mode today. Oh, look at these pens. We've got princesses with hearts on top. >> Oh, yeah. Mom and I found some uh Hello Kitty pens today at HomeGoods before we came. >> They were really cute. What? >> Gray stuff. >> The gray stuff. I heard it's delicious. >> I don't have to ask the dishes. All right. You ready to do the scavenger hunt? >> Yep. Let's do it. >> Sorry. It's okay. Sorry. Excuse me. >> Oh, Britney, I'm so sorry. I get it. Yep. They are your entire life for sure. All right. Well, our first country will be Mexico cuz I always go left. That's just what I do. I don't have to. It's just a habit. >> Why not be different? >> Well, then we'd have to go right. >> No, I meant going left instead of right. >> I always I always go left. That's my >> being different. >> No, that's my normal route. Left. >> That's okay. Yeah, >> it's all good. >> It looks the same no matter which way. >> 100% it does. You just turned a different way. >> That's funny. >> Oh, let's go see if they have some of chalk art. If it's any different than the last time we were here. Hi, Julie. How are you? >> Snap dragons. >> Yeah, they sure are. They had these all covered. >> They would have to. >> Yeah. >> Oh, you know what? I wonder if they have any lurana cards. Mom, let's go get some lurana cards. I think they got some. Woohoo. Every time else I've come, they've been gone. Sweet. >> Hi, happy place. Your parents always went right, but that way. Okay. Thank you. >> Awesome. We got it. >> All right, Mom. Let's go over here. >> And actually, let's go this way. >> So, this is a thing that you can do all around the park right now. And you open up the cards and then you got to like do some certain things. >> Yeah. >> Collect some certain cards. Then you get other cards on top of them. But we'll do this later. We're going to do that scavenger hunt now. Wow. Look at Scar. So you want those for >> hello from Dubai. Hello >> from far far away. >> And the sticker is for her. >> It's a Jawa. >> So they do have some different ones. I love this. >> Hey, Jedi Master. Oh, poor Mike Wazowski. >> So cute. >> Yes, you got to get here early cuz they do run out. >> They only have a certain amount they hand out each day. Here's the genie Kermit. >> Oh, tonight the Muppet Show premieres. I'm so excited. I just remembered that. Who's going to be watching that tonight? I am for sure. Okay. I think these are the same as when Dale and I were here on Friday. >> Still pretty though. >> They are. >> Hello. Our neck. Our neck somewhere. You're welcome. Hi, Jaci. 80 days till I'm here enjoying flower and garden. Amazing. I know. I can't believe this is all in chalk. >> I can't even draw with a pencil. >> I love Mushu. >> Yeah. >> Awesome, Noel. No worries. Yeah, they're drawings. Look at Rapunzel. Yeah, the Kermit one was very nice. >> We got Lightning McQueen. Kachchows later. >> All right, we'll >> Let's go over here, actually, cuz the 3D art is over here, and I'm curious if it's done. It wasn't done the other day. Got a frother, huh? Good job. >> Oh, how cute is this? Oh my goodness. Let's wait in line to check it out. >> Hey, Carp. It is another gorgeous day for sure. All right, I'm going to put my Lorana cards in here. Yeah. Put them away for now and then we'll look at them later. >> Just so we don't lose them. >> Yeah. The wind. Yeah. Here. You got it? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> We're going to have mom stand on the couch. >> Okay. >> How about you stand on the couch and I have >> If you want either way, but I can show you. All right. >> Hello, Siger Heart. How are you? >> So, you pose on the couch and then >> you stand right there. Or if you want to pose on the couch, I can stand right here. I think they're like a family that >> sure. Yeah. Okay. >> Going to watch the Muppets tonight. That's awesome. Hey, Manila J. How are you? >> I thought he >> No, he's good. >> I just Yep. Hi, Bracken. Hi, Thoren. >> I got it. >> All right, Mom. So, I'm going to have you stand right here. >> Hold it like that. >> Okay. >> Got it? >> Yep. >> Stand right there on the Yep. Sip. Sit up. Oh, there you go. Okay. Got it. >> Right down a little bit. Down. Down. Down. There you go. Right there. >> Okay. Oh, yeah. I forgot that part. Now I got you. No, go back. Go back. >> Yeah. >> Oh, it says you stand. I thought you would have to. Is >> that fun? Yeah. >> Okay. All right. You ready? >> Yep. >> All right. I'll let you get the map back out. >> Oh, yeah. >> No worries. >> Hi, Sandy Pandy. 600 people. Guys, share out the stream. Bop the like button. That lets YouTube know that you're enjoying the stream and then it'll share out to more people. >> Okay, we're going to go to Mexico. Go find our first painting. So, what we're doing is we're looking for I'll hold it for one second. Thank you. We're looking for these paintings, but they're going to look a little different cuz Figment has messed with them. Um, and I know, right? And so, we're going to look for those in each of the countries, and then we're going to mark it on our map, and then we get to go get a prize. Oh my word, look at Chip and Dale. >> Chip's a little mad at Dale, and Dale's a little mad at Chip. Oh my goodness, that's adorable. Looks like he's not. >> Wow, that is hilarious. But why? Oh, I don't think he's done with it cuz Chip doesn't usually have a red nose. That's funny. >> Um, it's mom today. Yeah, everybody say hi to mom. Dad went to uh go see our my cousin. >> Yeah. >> And uh he might be here a little later. We'll see. Montreal. The inside out was cool, wasn't it? That's a pretty shot right there. >> Beautiful blue sky. >> Yeah. >> Love that. >> I know. >> So many good ones. >> So, we got the Disney cats here. And then over here we have the Disney doggies. Is >> that cute? Oh, thank you. >> Hi. How are you? >> Thank you. Do you guys want to say hi on the stream or No, >> you want to say hi? Yeah. What were your names? >> Hi, I'm John. This is Lisa. >> Awesome. Where you from? >> So pretty. >> What's that? >> He went to see my cousin. >> Okay, then I'll put a link for him. >> Okay. I love it. Thank you. Have a good day. >> That was perfect. I love it. >> All right. Oh, look at this. So, it looks like stained glass. I love that. >> Hi, Thomas Bats. Hi, Isabelle. >> Oh, look. It's golf. They're playing golf. >> I know. >> That is adorable. >> Dale would like that. >> Yeah, he would. You and Dale can share it. >> Okay. >> Okay, that works. So, no sharing. Okay. >> Mom's like uh Mom's like Joey on Friends. Mom doesn't share food. That's right. Joey doesn't share food. It's funny. >> Hi, Nanny Poo Bear. Cute. >> Yeah. So many fun ones. All right, I'm going to pass this back to mom. Yep. >> So, we're going to be looking for some paintings. We're almost to Mexico. They're usually inside the pavilion or outside the pavilion somewhere. But, um that's why we got to go look for it. We don't know where it's going to be. Hey, Rich Rimple. Hello, Amy. After hunting for it since 2016, I finally found Pog juice at a store here in Pennsylvania. Not the same as having a Polly, but it's a start. Hey, that's awesome. There's that teacup thing I was telling you about, Mom. Dale and I tried this on Friday. It's chocolate and they a teacup. They cut it in half and then the mousse is like tea infused. It was good. >> Oh boy. >> Yeah. >> Yeah, it was very good. >> How did you know you had to start early? Well, I didn't I didn't have to start early. I was just able to start early. So, if you weren't here at the beginning of the stream, I told everybody that we're getting our whole house repiped for water pipes, which is not cool. So, we learned we had a leak. So, yeah, super um you know, just inconvenience and very, very expensive. But I didn't know exactly when I would be able to get here because they're there today. Um but we got here early and thought, hey, why not go ahead and get the stream started. That's why you got to have those notification bells on. It'll notify you that we went live early. >> Hi, Alicats. All right, let's go into the Mexico pavilion. That's right, the official invitation to pop the like button. I love that, Amara. Guys, if you've not already popped the like button, please go ahead and do so. Lets YouTube know you're enjoying the stream. Got some new pavement there. Hi, Amarie. >> Yeah, they were copper pipes. Yep. It's not cheap, let me tell you. And it's a a big ordeal. They have to put holes in our walls and oh my goodness, it's a mess. So, yesterday we were taking everything out of the cabinets, out of the closets, all the things off the walls. So yeah, >> it was a lot. >> Excuse us. Got Dante over here. That's not him, though. But he's cute. >> That's not who we're looking for, but he's adorable. Let's go see if we can find it inside. Ah, >> good afternoon, Streamfinder. How are you today? Welcome in. >> All right, Mom. Keep your eyes peeled. Could be anywhere. Got to look for that painting. I don't remember where it was last year. Sometimes they'll put it around the same area, but not always. So, we're looking for the painting with figment in it. So, see where it might be today. Sometimes it's in the shop, sometimes it's not. Oh, I found it. Yay. And it always has um a frame with Figma on it, usually looking like that. So, there it is. Now, let's look at our map here or our stickers, I'm sorry. >> Yep. Focus. So, it's the one in the top right corner. >> Yeah. >> All right. I'll let mom peel that off. Okay. You had to get your sewer main replaced. Oh my goodness. Yeah, it's pricey, let me tell you. I know. Home ownership is not always fun. Okay, so mom's going to get the sticker off and you have to take it out anyway cuz you'll have to >> Oh, you're right. Here's So they did this really cool where you pull this out >> and then you put your sticker. >> Yeah, >> of course on whatever country it is. And this one is Mexico. >> Cool. >> Oh, that's awesome. Ryan, I hope you had fun on your cruise. What cruise did you go on? >> It was pretty hidden, wasn't it? >> Good job, Mom. Thanks. >> For sure, Virginia. Yay. >> And then you can put the stickers back in if you want so you don't lose them. >> I love how they do that. >> Yeah. >> So that way you do have a nice safe place to store them. >> Sorry. >> Oh, these are new. Look at that. So pretty cool. New Mexico ears. New Mexico shirt. It's really pretty. >> That's cute. >> Viva Mexico. a hat, hoodie, and the t-shirt. All right. Oh, this is fun. Little cactus shot glass. Hello, Dismagic Moments. How are you today? All right, Mom. Well, let's go see what the Mexico line looks like. Might as well. Oh, we're here, right? Oh, it doesn't look that bad. Let's hop in line. >> Let's see. You want to put it in your backpack or what? >> Or you can put in mine either way. >> Thank you. Awesomeness. >> Awesome. Mega Byron bought our first piece of art from the festival. That's awesome. Chicken dog. Hello. Hello, Grand Siesta Tours. And then we'll continue on with our scavenger hunt. Hi, Dis Magic Moments. Oh, he was in the smoke. That's right. Looks like they might have a delay for some reason. Not sure. That's right. That's cool. Get it. >> Working on it. >> Okay, no worries. Oh, here we go. Sweet. moving a little bit here. >> Okay. >> Statue down. >> Always time for Grand Fiesta tour. I agree. I like it. Oh, there they Oh, they're boarding now. >> Yeah. >> Yes. Clean up an aisle, too. That's right. Donald Duck and Jose Karaka. Is >> that how you say that? Taraka. >> His last name. Jose Karaka. >> Jose. Kioa. >> Karaioa. Karaioa. There we go. He used to be a Spanish teacher, huh? >> You got it. >> Yeah. Karaoka sounds like karaoke. >> Oh, thank you so much, Susie. Thank you. Thank you. You can always watch the replay later, too. We'll see if Donald is behaving himself today. Exactly. >> You never know what that We have two. Can we do the back row? >> The back? >> Yeah. Yeah, that'd be great. Thank you. >> Okay, my party is my next party. >> Thank you. I knew you would. Awesome. All right, guys. Enjoy the ride. Here we go. I don't know. Transport. I am. I am. Now this is Hey church. As a corner, we're going to be Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Excuse me. We are looking for Never mind. Excuse me. The show's about to start. Heat. Heat. There you go. Holy [ __ ] We shall eat. >> That means I cannot who I don't amigos. No matter where he goes, they want you to go away together again. See you next time. >> Goodbye. >> Hey amigos, thanks for coming to Mexico. Come again soon. Waiting for you. >> Adios amigos. Come again. See you next time. We'll be waiting for you. Catch us on tour. Mexico. again. See you next time. >> Remember to stay safe and just before reaching the dog to the right. >> Remember to stay seated till the boat reaches the dock. Then gather your belongings. >> Remember your Oh goodness. >> Oh, okay. This way. >> Oh yeah. No worries. >> Okay, we did it. That was fun. Good ride. All right, guys. Checking the signal. Should be good. All right, let's go find We found Donald. Now, let's go find Figment. >> Well, I mean, guess I guess Figment paintings. So, we'll have to get when we get outside, we can get our our map out. Map. Map. Who's got the map? It is a cute ride, isn't it? Super fun. All right, everybody. Getting busier in here. >> Let's go this way, Mom. Then you don't have to go down the steps. >> I didn't think you'd mind. >> All right. So, do you want to get the map out now? >> Yep. >> In your backpack? >> Yep. >> Well, I didn't look for any piñatas. They might have had some. I wasn't looking. >> Huh? >> Talking of myself. I put the map up front. >> Oh, did you? Well, there you go. >> I didn't do it. >> Oh, you didn't do it. >> No, I'm going to now. >> Okay. Well, no. Now we just need it out. >> Okay. >> Got it. >> Okay. Just out. >> Yeah. We're going to go find the rest of them. >> Hello, Jelly. >> Doing well. How are you today? Keep sharing out the stream, guys. So, we're looking for the Norway one. And I'm assuming it's that one. >> Yeah. But don't do it yet, >> cuz we got to find it. be official. >> I know. >> All right, Norway we go. >> He's amazing. How did that even start? >> Did you? Because I think they were like over there. >> When the sun goes behind the cloud, >> it's a bit chilly. >> Yeah. >> And the sun's behind the cloud. >> Yep. >> Happy Wednesday. Dillow, how are you guys? Hello, Justina. All right, let's go find the painting. I'm assuming it's in one of the shops. Yeah, >> sometimes it lags in there. So, you know, we'll we'll do the best we can and fix it too. >> Waza got like 20° cooler apparently. >> Hi, Nicole. Send some positive thoughts for me. I fell on Saturday. I may have hurt my right knee. Going to doctor tomorrow. Oh, no. I'm so sorry. Thoughts and prayers for you. Hopefully your knee's okay. >> That is no good at all. >> I was going to say I see someone. >> Let's go see guys. Oh, it looks like the ride is down. >> Frozen is down. >> It's frozen. Too funny. I had to. >> Well, that means the shop won't be as busy. >> I like that. >> It's open. The shops are always open. A look at the puffin. Cute, right? >> Yep. >> Oh, here it is. It's where it was last year. >> We found it. >> It's the trolls. And look, Pigments's in the picture right there. >> Mom, look. >> Who remembers this when I back back? over the falls. Mom remembers. >> Oh no. Charlotte, I hope everything is okay. >> All right. Mom is going to find same painting. Yep, you got it. >> Yep. >> And put it on the Norway one. Oh, Frozen's getting a reverb. Okay, that's right. I forgot about that. Yeah, they are fixing Anna and Elsa's faces. Thanks for the refresh, guys. I don't always remember all the things. >> We also have a lot going on with the house right now. >> Norway. >> Yes, we are. Good job. >> Yeah. No, good idea. Hi, Leaf. That's right. Yep. >> Thanks, guys. It'll open later this month. Yay. Two down, several to go. Okay. Well, this is a cool shirt. Norway shirt. >> That's cute. >> Isn't that fun? >> This one's fun, too. >> It is >> hoodie. >> Yeah. >> I really like this one though. Looking at the northern lights. >> That is really fun. >> There's ears to match, too, in case you wonder. >> Don't worry. >> I know the ear. There's ears to match. And they light up. >> Oh my goodness. Is >> that fun? And they change color like the northern lights. >> Super fun. >> I haven't bought any yet. >> Mom knew what I was going to say. >> All right. Oh, look. There's a sword. I'm not sure I ever noticed that before. That is cool. All righty. Next up is Germany. No. >> Yes, Germany. >> The power of yet. That's right. It's closed. >> Hi, Edwin. >> All right, the restaurant is open and the bakery, which is always delicious. It's where they get the school bread if you guys like school bread. Oh, China. I forgot China. How could I forget it? Oh my goodness. >> Apparently, I need caffeine. >> I forgot China. >> That's right. Yeah. Uh Elsa and Anna are gonna get faces that look more real, not not the movie looking screen ones. Yeah, it'll be awesome. Did you get your pipe being fixed? It's getting fixed right now, Leaf. Yep. That's why I wasn't quite sure when I was going to be able to go live today. So, currently being fixed at the moment. Can't wait till it's all done, but then I have to go back home and put everything away. Well, not Dale will help. I don't put everything away, but It was a mess at the house, let me tell you. >> So, I'll have to get a a vinty coffee to keep me awake to put it all away later. >> I love it. Right. It's great. It's a great one. >> Okay, here we are in China. See if we can find our next one. Hi, enchantingly Lauren. How are you? >> We're going to get our steps in today, Mom. >> Thanks for almost 900 likes on the like button. Keep on bop bop bopping it. Also, hit that subscribe button if you are new to the channel. We'd love to add you to the Resort Hopper family. Hey, cardboard box. How are you? >> Tim. Tim's always so funny with the jokes. Tim said, "So, they're getting a facelift, huh? They're too young for a facelift." Got to love it. Good job, Tim. They are um putting in the pipes today and then they'll put back the wall pieces and the drywall, but then we have to repaint. So, yeah, that's Seal's job. Mom says, "Okay, I like how you think." >> All right. Keep your eyes peeled for a figment. Let's see. Or figment painting, I should say. >> One year he was over here. Oh, I found him. He's where he was last year. >> Right here. >> Here it is, guys. >> And we have Pigman in here. >> Oh, yeah. Isn't >> that cute? >> That is cute. >> Love it. The ox and the dragon, it says. >> Blends in pretty good. >> Yeah, they are using PEX piping. Yes, the plastic. Yep. Yep. Plymouth Rock. Yep, that's what they're doing. All right, Mom. You want to get the sticker? Yep. >> Forget about that part. >> You forgot about your job. >> It's all good. >> Where'd you go? >> Oh, yeah. How cool would that be? >> Did you find it? >> I'm looking for Figment. >> Yeah, no worries. >> He's in there. Well, he's not on this one. >> No, >> he's only in the these >> this one. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Right. >> But it's the same. It's the same picture. >> Yeah. Oh, we don't want to do that. Pull that out. It's a little different than other years. >> It is. I >> think I'm going have to take off a layer. I'm getting hot >> weird to say. >> Okay. >> Doing well, Edwin. So, we are in China. >> You got I I did, but I'm just here, I guess. >> No. No. On the China one. >> Right there. >> All right. I was going the wrong way. >> Yep. All good. >> Yeah. I think it's Is it upside down? >> Yeah. >> Oh, yep. Great. >> I don't think it matters, but >> No, it does. >> Just so it's pretty. >> Yes, I agree. >> There we go. >> Perfect. >> Yep. >> Why be happy when you can be a homeowner? R.J. says that's funny. >> Funny. Funny. >> It's better than staying in a hotel. >> Oh, totally. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look at all the Look at the panda. So cute. >> Yep. >> Yes. Yes. You do need to buy that. Yes. Yes. You need a coffee. Yes. See, I need to buy him. He tells me yes. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Yes. You should buy that. Yes. >> Sizzy fan. >> Yeah. Or one of the cat. Yeah. These are just saying hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. All right. Let's go on to Now it's Germany up next. >> Germany. >> Time for Germany. All right, I'm going to roll up the sleeves for now and then maybe I'll have to take off a layer. We'll see. >> Thanks for almost a thousand in the chat. Keep popping the like button. And let's talk about one of our awesome sponsors. We have mickeytras.com. Mickeyas.com. They will help you book your trip right here to Walt Disney World. It won't cost any more money than if you were to book the trip yourself. They help you plan the trip for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com. Also, go to mickeyblog.com for all of the latest Disney news. A green shopping panda is dangerous. It's funny. >> I know. It's very pretty in here, isn't it? Love it. Hi Olly Roger. How are you? Welcome in. It's a weird feeling being hot. We haven't been hot in a while. >> A long time. >> You're fixing some coffee now. Amazing. Will you brew some for me, please? Go this way. >> I was trying for your vegetable. Okay. >> Oh, for sure. You're welcome. Yeah, I love going into all the countries. They're all so pretty and lot of different um you know, details and things that you can see. Here's one of the L uh Lorana cards part of the game, but um we're not doing that right now. >> That's a different scavenger hunt. fun, just different. We're not We'll do that another day. >> We started it one day and then we didn't get to finish it. >> This all reminds me of a certain vlog that posted yesterday. Oh, that's right, Tim. Thanks for reminding me. So, guys, if you have not gone over to Adventures of Jenna and Dale and subscribe, please go over there and hit that subscribe button. That's Dale and I's second channel. Um, and we do all sorts of vlogs and Dale did a whole vlog on New Year's Eve of behind the scenes of, you know, what we did on New Year's Eve here at Epcot. So, and he he filmed it, he edited it, posted it, he did all the things. So, go over there and give that vlog some love. I know it's a little late. I know it's February, but still go watch it. D would really appreciate it. So, go bop the like button and leave a comment. Hi. How are you? Good. Good. Have fun, guys. >> Thank you so much. Thank you. Where are you guys from? >> Originally New York. Moved down here five years ago. >> Oh, okay. Cool. >> Thank you. Yeah. Enjoy your day today. You too. >> All right. Bye. >> He did. He edited it. I love these retro paintings. Aren't they cool? >> Yeah, they are. >> Look at this one. So pretty. Look, Pluto's got his leash. He's like, "Come on." >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Love the vlog. Thank you. >> Not sure if that's 40s or >> I think it's probably around 40s or 50s. Yeah. It gives me the prime time vibes, you know. >> They have some more >> in here. >> I really like Let's see if I can find it. I mean, I like them all, but Oh, the one where they're in the kitchen really gives me prime time vibes. >> And then this one where Minnie's trying on shoes. >> They're all so cute. And I love this one. >> Oh, wow. Isn't >> that pretty? >> Amazing. >> Yeah. So awesome. >> All right, guys. Let's head on this way. All right. To the Germany to find our next painting. I almost forgot what we were doing. Tim got his tax refund. That's amazing. I haven't even turned mine in yet. I got to get I got to get busy. Noah, that's one of Dale and I's favorite artists over there. Got a couple of those. We're doing well. I hope you are, too. Welcome in if you're just joining us. Welcome to Epcot Festival of the Arts. We are doing the Figment Scavenger hunt. So, we're going to go in a couple of these shops and see if we can find it. Oh, okay. Cool. Chicken dog. Amazing. >> So, here is the caramel shop. I don't know if it's in there or not, but we'll see. Uh, the figment. We're looking for the I mean, obviously there's caramel. Yes. Is that what you're looking for? >> I Hey, guess what? It's right here. I'm glad we came in here. >> I am too. >> Here he is. >> That makes sense. >> Yeah. >> Been there before, I think. >> Um Well, they only have it. Well, maybe. I don't remember. But at the heart of all creation is what the painting is called. So, mom is going to find that. I think it's this one. It's just not big. >> Oh, it's got the wing. >> Yeah. >> That smells so delicious. Oh my goodness. love joining him because here Niagara is cold and snowy. Oh my goodness. Stay warm. Hope you can feel the sun through the camera. You got it. >> Good job. >> Oh, well, not too bad. >> Yeah, you did good. Um, let's go out and around. >> Sorry you're not feeling well, Miss Disney fan. Let's go in this shop. I always like this shop. >> A thank you. Yeah. How are you? Hello. >> Where are you from? >> Okay. Nice. That's awesome. Do you want to say hi on the stream or no? Okay. All right. Sounds good. >> You too. Guess I wish you all the time. >> Thank you so much for watching. Have a good day. >> A very sweet. >> Well, we're going to have to wait a little bit. We're at the back of the park. >> No, I know. I got you. >> Gorgeous today. >> Let's go in the teddy bear shop. Look, there's Pascal hiding in the O. Oh, you're welcome, Lauren. So guys, we're going to have a bit of lag when we go in here, so just stay tuned. I'm going to switch over to the Wi-Fi, so it'll be intentional lag coming up, so don't go anywhere. Look, Mom. >> He cute. >> He is. Oh my goodness. >> He's so cute. >> That's okay. >> He's so cute. >> He is cute. >> Yep. >> Here's Eeyore. >> Oh, Mickey's got his little teddy bear. >> Teddy bear. Isn't that cute? That is adorable. All right, guys. We should be back. We're back. Yay. Thanks, >> Mara. >> Very cute. >> Adorb. So, yeah, these are a little more pricey because of the brand and they're from Germany, >> right? >> But they're really cute, >> of course. Look at him. I love his little face. I know it's Duffy >> trying to Oh, it's those. I'm like, what's singing? >> Can you make that one work? >> Oh, that's so funny. >> One of those games. >> And those were singing. >> Oh, fun. >> That's so fun. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Look. It's Pongo. I might need him here, Mom. I think I brought my bins. Let's look. >> Got it. >> Got it. Got you guys. I brought my good ones. Uh, I've got the pink. >> Oh, that's um Shel May. >> Shelley May. I could not think of her name. >> I have her otherwise I need her. >> Yeah. Very cute. >> CB box. I'm trying my best, you know. Hey, Jonathan. >> Noel. Hi. I have this Alice though. >> That's cute. >> I love little condo. How cute. >> That is cute. All right. >> You don't know us, but we love you. This is your mother. Hello. >> Hi. My husband and I play for you all the time. >> That's so sweet. Here, I'm going to move out of the way so that nice. >> We just watched The Josh and I can't believe I turned my head in there. >> That's so funny. >> You're wonderful. We love watching. >> Thank you. Do you want to say hi or >> Yes. Okay. >> Hi, this is Dave. You love Josh and Jenna and their whole family. >> They're so sweet. >> And um I recommend that everybody subscribe. >> Thank you. You're so kind. >> Yes, that's right. You know, you got it. You got it. Thank you so much. Nice to meet you. >> Nice to meet you. >> You, too. Enjoy your day. >> Thank you. Thank you. >> Is Jack the >> He's teaching. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Every once in a while he gets a day off so he can >> You're right. Totally. Exactly. >> Exactly. >> Have fun, guys. Nice seeing you. >> Thank you. Thank you. You, too. It's gorgeous. >> One of these games today. >> Oh, >> have you done the games? >> We have not, but we heard those singing. >> That was him activating. >> That was amazing. I got it on the camera a little bit. That was >> Do you want to know what happens next? When he gets to the end of this country, the two doors right above the main restaurant, they open and some kind of thing spins around. >> Oh, I love that. Oh, that's really fun. I want to do that sometime. >> Yeah, >> that would be fun. >> Yeah. >> Well, enjoy. >> Bye. Yeah, you too. >> Yes, the official thumbs up. That's right. That bear is so cute. >> Hi. >> Mom's like, I might need that bear. He's available. >> I don't know if he's for sale or not or if you have any like >> We do. We should. >> Yeah. No worries. >> No, I don't need it, but it's >> so cute. >> At this where the stars are should be over there. Yeah. And I mean, if not, he's actually also for sale, but he's been sitting here for many weeks and months. >> So, you know how many pants also? >> I'm with you. I'm with you. >> Like, I don't know if you want the exact one. >> Thank you. Have a good day. >> Did you look for a Pluto? >> I What do you mean? I don't know. >> Oh, I got the pongo. >> Oh, really? >> Yeah. I got a Pluto. They look like they're bulging. >> A Oh, you mean Oh, you mean in there? I'm so sorry. No, I haven't gotten a Pluto yet. No, I on the pin board. I got a pongo. Got you. No, I So, >> it's like stuffed. It's like really crazy. Good to know cuz you know I lost mine, right? >> I know you did. >> Exactly. >> I lost one because of our wedding. >> So we were here last night and it's like it's like bulge like Okay. I might have to come back and check. >> And if there's a little bit of room it's chipped cuz of the moose antlers. >> The moose antlers. So the but the top is Okay. >> Yeah. So >> good to know. So you could get chip worst case but the are Okay. Thank you. I love >> Thank you. That is so awesome. >> Okay, sounds good. Bye. >> She's giving me the tips on how to find my Pluto since I lost him. >> Yeah, my poor little Pluto. >> Hopefully a little >> love it. Oh, we are lagging. We better head out. >> I guess it doesn't like this one for All right, we should be back. So, we got our painting here. It's time for Italy. Let's go see if we can find it in Italy. >> Guys, also go check out um resortv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy. Resorttv1homes.com. Guys, go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. So, if you'd like to move closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, again, go check out resorttv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy. Oh, good. We're back. I'm glad. Oh, yes. Is this the Mona Lisa Figment? I love this one. The Mona figment. Oh, this is one of my favorites. Welcome to Italy everybody. >> So, I think we're going to go in this shop cuz one year it was in here. We'll see if it is today. Does change. All right, let's see. >> Nope, not there. You need the scooter. Yeah, totally. I love that. around. >> Uhhuh. Mom will be zipping around if she gets a scooter. I'd like to see this. Me, too. >> Okay, let's see. It's not up there. You looking for the painting? Mom's looking at the stuff. Um, just another paint figment painting. Huh. Yeah, it'll probably be one that looks like a Mona Lisa. >> This is always so pretty in here with the masks. You can paint your own mask, which is super fun. Marty girl coming up. This will be perfect. Get yourself a mask. I don't see the Mona Lisa Mona figment in here. All right, Figgy, where you at, dude? Well, let's go across there and see if we find it. I didn't bring. >> Oh, I found it. >> Mona figment. There he is. >> It's my favorite one. >> I would so buy that. >> So, it's the regular Monisa. >> Oh, duh. >> Yeah, I know. It Well, it gives a It's It's a little Yeah. confusing. >> It is. >> That's right. Garbach. >> Hello, Dono. It's Jenna today. >> Hey, and we're in Italy. Yep. Last one on the top. Awesome. >> Sure. >> He's so stinking cute. Look at him. >> Add to cart. >> So serene. >> Yes. Trying to be Mona Lisa. >> Also, they have some new ears over here. I got to point out cuz they're awesome. I know, right? Here they are. Aren't >> those fun? It's like they're at the masquerade ball. >> Those are really cute. Love it. >> I know. It's so pretty. Yeah. >> All right. I love that. >> All right, I think America's up next. >> Ready for a fun afternoon? That's awesome. We're excited. Let's go get a good view over here of Spaceship Earth. It is gorgeous today. >> Yeah. Look at that water. Crystal clear. Little clouds. Puffy white clouds in the sky. Could not ask for a better day today. That's funny. Virginia's a boat. Even better. >> Yeah. >> Little tranquility on a Wednesday. Gorgeous. >> All right, let's go find the rest of our figment paintings. Today would even be a good ice cream day. >> Oo, maybe a coffee and an ice cream. >> A Coke float. >> Uhhuh. Um, so I think you can get the boat now in Germany and then over in um world or in uh the front by the two shops as you're going into World Showcase I think are the two spots. >> Well, I guess it's been in the shop in America before. So, let's head there first. And if it's not there, we'll keep looking. >> Oh, they're doing um an animation where you get to draw with an animator. >> And it looks like it's Tigger. Oh, how fun. Tim says those are good every day. Ice cream is good every day. >> Have an avocado. That does sound good, doesn't it? Dale didn't know what an avocado is. Do you know what an avocado is? >> Avocado. >> Avocado. >> Avocado. Nope. >> It is Italian for I don't know. I mean, I don't know exactly, but basically it's um espresso and ice cream. >> Yummy. So good. >> Yes. So good. >> But now you know what it is. It's Italian for delicious. That's funny. I love that. >> All right. Ardo Disney it is. That's where we're going to find it. an apricot and an uh avocado. That's funny. >> Or gelato. Sorry. Not just ice cream, but yes, gelato. You're right. Oh, I found it. It's where it was last year. >> There it is. >> Oh, that's >> dragon crossing the Delaware. >> That's so fun. >> Hi, how are you? You got to be watching all the >> Thank you so much. Thank you. >> You guys having fun today? >> Absolutely. >> The the weather's beautiful. >> Perfect. Tomorrow, not so much. >> No, you're right. I know. Enjoy today. >> Yes. >> Thanks for watching. Bye, guys. >> Okay. >> Yeah. So, now you're going to get >> that one. >> That one. Yeah. >> Yeah. A lot of the Florida trees did drop their leaves. This is true. >> Yes. Right, Rob. I agree. That's cool. The Hollywood Studios one with the lighting on the frame. That is amazing. >> That is well done. >> Very art deco and I love it. It's also $6,000. Thank you. >> Favorite so far. All right, we have one, two, three, four, five left. We are doing good, Mom. Proud of us, huh? Yeah. >> Oh, look at all these princesses. They are $34.90. No, you're fine. $34.99. >> Who's your favorite princess? Mom, do you have one? >> Who? >> I said, "Do you have one?" >> I don't actually. >> My favorite is Ariel cuz I remember you taking me to see her in theaters when I was really little. I mean, not really little, but but young. >> Yeah. And then Oh, this one's so cute. Look at Look at Pascal. I know. Isn't that really cute? >> Adorable. >> Do you have a favorite or no? >> Maybe Belle. >> Yeah, maybe Belle. >> Yeah. >> I never really >> Yeahen. >> Mine's Ariel. >> They're all great though. >> Ariel. Yeah. >> They're all good. >> Oh, you're fine. >> I have this guy. >> No. He's $34.99, which isn't bad. >> No, that is really cute. >> He's reading to his friends. >> He has a little ducky friend. Yeah, >> that is cute. >> Ariel is your favorite. Oh, cool. Girl is your fave. Nice. >> A It doesn't spin anymore. Somebody broke it. >> Yeah. >> Oh, no. >> Cute, right, Mom? >> Yeah. >> Mom soup. >> Oh my gosh. >> That is adorable. It is cute. >> Oh, wow. I've saw I've seen this one before. But look how >> pretty with all the flowers. >> Yeah, they come off. That is really cool. >> I'm so surprised. >> Yeah, I'm sure. >> 5,000. >> Oh, maybe Leslie 800. >> That's it. I mean, our pipes cost more than that. But, you know, they should. >> So cute. >> Snow White is yours. Nice. Nice. All right. Sorry. Out of the way here. I like this. Looks like stained glass. >> Rapunzel and Belle. My favorite is Belle, but my favorite princess story is Rapunzel. Nice. Princess Leia. Hey, I love that. That's cool. It's a good one. Okay. >> I know. Cardboard box says, "Wait, you got new pipes instead of the stitch painting?" I know. Seriously. >> And they're cooking over there. >> Yeah, they are. Smells delicious. >> Yay. >> You like Jasmine, Tiana, and Belle? Rapunzel and Belle. I like Belle, too. I always love Belle because I of course love Beauty and the Beast and she also when I was growing up had the same color hair as me, which I loved >> cuz you know, of course I don't have red hair like >> Ariel. But that's okay. >> I can still pretend. >> Yes. If you're new here, please bop the like button. Subscribe if you're new as well. We are looking for our Figment paintings. The Figment scavenger hunt here at the Festival of the Arts. I love all the scavenger hunts that they have. They're always so fun. Every festival, there's always a new scavenger hunt. My favorite one's coming up for Flower and Garden. Spike the Bee. He's my favorite. >> Spiked Dubbby. It's like dubby. >> Figment is my one of my faves, too, though. So, can't go wrong. >> Back in the day, >> well, let's go find that Figment instead of let's go find that dino. >> Not our dino. Not our dragon. >> Yes. Where could he be? Here could be Spiked Duby. I'm assuming over here somewhere in the shop. Sometimes he's outside the shop. So, we should look first before we go in. There's Duffy >> and Gelaton. >> Aren't they so cute? >> A That's awesome, Julie. >> So stinking cute. All right, let's go see if we can find this painting. >> Well, yeah. Here it is. It was here um another year and I remember it took us forever to find it, but there it is. >> The wave of inspiration. It's called Oh, that's awesome. Started watching us around the Flower and Garden Festival last year. Amazing. It's only been a year. Here, let's go over here, Mom. >> That way we can stand out of the way. Okay. So, yep. Stop. Wave one. No, you got it. >> Okay. >> Hi, Chris. How are you? >> Yes. Kichi wall. Exactly. Japan. >> Oh my goodness. That would be so fun if he was hanging out with his fellow dragon Yoshi. How cool would that be? Pigment and Yoshi need to hang out. This needs to be a thing. >> Yep. Well, mom, we can't not go inside. >> Can't not. >> Do you like that English? >> Well, it's actually okay. >> It works. Okay, good. We can't not. >> That's true. Can't not. >> So, it should be cannot. It's like can't. >> Can't not. >> That would be >> That'd be a that right. It would be a double negative, which makes it a positive. Thank you. That's why I thought it didn't sound right. >> Oh, thank you. Sorry. >> All right, let's go to the Hello Kitty one. Mama. >> Hello Kitty and friends. >> I love Hello Kitty and friends. Look at these. >> $4.99 from Dr. Allison. Thank you so much. fun to watch you. A thank you, Dr. Allison. That is so sweet. Thank you so much for the $4.99. And I'm so glad you're enjoying the stream with us today. It's >> like they're all in their little jammies. And here's Yoshi. Oh, wow. Here the year of the horse. Hi. Hi, horse. Hi. Hi horse. Get it. Hi horse. >> Hi horse. >> Too funny. You got it. >> I know. That's >> why I was saying hi. >> Hi. Hi. Horse. This is so cute. >> Yeah. >> You never got into the gudetama. The eggs. Gudetamas. Oh, these are cute. >> I think I had one of these when I was a kid. Yeah. >> Wait, what's this? >> Hello Kitty for sticker stamper. What? It's $18. I don't like it that much. >> Slow price. >> No price though. >> Yeah, you know where you are. >> Yeah, it's true. If you could get your discount in here, I'd be all about it. But you cannot. So many cute ones. I love it. >> Yes, it is the Mi. Yes, exactly. I forgot what they were called. >> I know. The Hello Kitty stuff is so cute. And look, Mom. We got little blind boxes here. >> We got kitties with their tea or coffee. >> Oh, yeah. >> We've got kitties of sushi. We have kitties going down the slide. >> There's little doggies here. >> Adorbs. >> Yeah. >> Let's go see what's on this side. >> I like the little Kirby ones. He's got like little seams. Oh, that's >> kind of like your um Winnie the Poo one I got you for Christmas for me. So, >> right. >> Has a little scene. >> Yeah. Maybe when we come back. Okay. We're already going to get >> No. No sushi going down the slide. That's funny. What are these? Oh. Oh, you got your kitty going potty in their litter box. >> Yeah. >> Just what you want. >> Okay. >> And if you Oh, it's a snow globe. If you turn it upside down, then all the litter goes. >> That's so true. Okay. That's hilarious. >> Sleeping up on that. >> Well, yeah, of course. And look, >> complete with >> Uhhuh. You know where they potty. >> Yeah, that's hilarious. >> I guess so. >> Too funny. Exactly. Um, I don't think they do a discount here because it's not owned by Disney. >> Excuse us. No, >> I think that's why >> right? All right, let's head to I think it's Morocco next. See what we can find there. Hello, Disney dad. How are you? Welcome in. So, let's chat about another amazing sponsor that we have. Um, let's see who's next. See, we've got David's Vacation Club rentals, DVCrequest.com/tv. If you guys are wanting to treat your family or yourself to a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost. Again, check it out. dvcreest.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David. All right, Mom. You ready? Stick close. It's getting busy. >> The crowd. >> I said stick close. >> There we go. We made it. >> I didn't want you to get stuck on the other side. >> You would have Okay, good deal. Oh, we could go in the Lana um trading um place and look at our Lana cards. What do you think, Mom? Should we do that? >> Yeah, why not? >> Thanks for a thousand watching and 500 likes. I bet we can bop bop off the like button some more. Also, subscribe if you are new. Let's go look for the painting first. >> We don't have that many left. We're doing great. You know, you get a prize with your scavenger hunt, right? So, we're going to figure out what it is when we're done. But do you know what our real prize is when we're done? >> What? >> We have to buy it ourselves. They don't give it to us. >> Of course not. >> A Starbucks. Too bad that's not the actual prize, but that's okay. >> Yeah, I could totally live here, too. Totally. Totally. It is crowded. I know. Tim says, "You made it. I knew you would." Did you bring back a dino? >> It's not our dino. Sometimes the painting's in here. So, we're going to go look >> if it is today. >> There it is. And this one, they do not have figment in it except for on the frame. >> But that's it. So, >> we're in Morocco. >> We are. Yes. You can tell by the music. >> Yeah. So, here you go. Mom's going to put that on Morocco. I know, right? It would double the participation if Starbucks was the prize. 100%. I agree. >> Cool beans. >> Okay. >> All righty. >> Three to go. >> Three to go. >> All right, Mom. Let's head into back here. They have the Lorana trading card area. And we're going to go in there and go open our pack of Lorana cards. And then they have a place where you can trade them. Hi. >> Hello. Thank you. >> You're looking for Figment. >> We already found him. Now we're going to go see what trading card you have. >> Yeah. Thank you. >> Have fun. >> Thank you. >> See See if there's a table. It might be busy. We'll see. I think they're not allowed to put it on there, but I don't quote me cuz I'm not sure. But I think that's it. All right. Thank you. >> I don't want to try. >> Actually, we're going to go back down. I didn't realize there was we're were standy upy tables. >> Standy upy. Nope. We'll sit for a second. How about that? >> I didn't bring any water, but if you did, you should get it out. >> Let's see. >> I didn't bring any. I'll have to go buy some. >> Yep. >> I usually do. >> Not sure if I did eat water. >> If not, we'll go get some. >> Yeah, this was a fun restaurant. I mean, I never got to eat in it, but it looks like it's it was beautiful. All right. >> No. Oh, you did. Yeah. Well, while we're sitting, I'm going to take off my sweater. >> I'm ready. >> Take off a layer. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> It's not an annual passholder lounge. It's now for the Lorana cards trading. So, you can come in here. They have a board that you can trade your card. Um, mom and I are going to open ours up. So, whenever you're done, we're going to get our cards out. >> Open them up. >> Text. >> Okay. >> Oh, I have ears on. It' be easier to take them off. Yeah. Is the food good? Yeah, I like that it not as good. Spice bird table's not as good. That's too bad. >> I know. Of course, mom is all prepared. She's got her water. She's ready. Jenna. Jenna, not so much. Oh, cool, John. That's awesome. >> Getting out my electronic cards. >> Ooh, how is the battery? That is a You know what, Amara? This is a great plan. I like how you have a decent amount, but hey, why not? We'll plug in for now. Hi. How are you? >> Good. How are you? >> To you. >> You, too. Been following you around a little while. >> Oh, yeah. Sorry about that. It's a little delayed, so you know, it takes a minute. >> Yeah, that's right. I like your glasses. >> Thank you so much. They help a little with the sun and then I can see the screen, too. >> Yeah. What's your What's your name? >> Joy. >> Joy. >> Genius. Nice. Nice to meet you. >> Todd. >> Todd. Do you guys want to say hello or no? >> Yeah. We have Jo. Let's see. Here it goes. Uh Joy and Todd, where are you guys from? >> Georgia. >> Georgia. Awesome. Enjoying your day? Oh, >> yes, we are. >> Today? Yes, it's >> so much warmer, isn't it? >> Wonderful. >> Yeah. >> Finally. >> It was near zero windchills when we were >> Oh, I bet. >> I bet it was cuz it was 20 here. So, I I bet >> the snow. Did you have some? Oh, >> yeah. >> Yucky. >> It's good. >> Yucky. I'm glad it's warming up. >> Hope soon everybody has a good time. >> I know. I know. She thinks it doesn't bother us, but it does. >> We're going back tomorrow. >> Oh, I know. It's going down here tomorrow, too. >> Soon. Soon we'll be warm. >> It'll be spring. >> Yes. >> Nice to meet you guys. Have a good day. >> All right. So, let's open up our Lorana card. >> You have some, too, Mom. >> Yeah. >> You put them in your bag somewhere. There. Not sure where. Oh, there. There you go. >> This is what the packs look like. And if you get here early enough, you get one when you um if you go over to the little station. and we got them at the beginning of the stream so you can go back and check it out. Oh, that's awesome, Keith. It was great running into you. Did you run into me or Josh? >> Huh? Oh, you got something different. >> I did. >> Oh, well, look at that. Mom got Bolt and I got Mirabel. Now we just got to figure out how to get them open. I couldn't get it open earlier. >> Oh, there we go. Open it like a bag of chips. >> I wondered about this. >> Kind of. It kind of worked. >> All right, guys. Here's who I got. >> So, do you get one of the ones? >> Trusty. A I got Trusty. >> A cute. So, it also tells if it's Let's see on here somewhere if you got a rare card or Where did it show it? Oh, here we go. >> This these symbols show you >> if it's rare >> or if it's, you know, like a regular legendary. So, we're looking at these symbols to see. >> Hey there. Are you trading? >> I'm looking for. >> So, we've got trusty. >> I'll help you here in a second. I got it finally. >> Good job. >> Almost. >> I have Pain from Hercules. Anything else? >> I have Draella. Yes, please. Bop the like one. Cybug. I have no idea who Cybug is. Jafar. >> Mhure. Tark. I don't know who that is either. >> Okay, this symbol's different. Amber Coil. So, this symbol is uncommon. All right, I've got an uncommon one. That's good. Put him over there. Giant cobra. Also uncommon. Madam Medusa, an uncommon one. Ooh, I've got Cusco. Cusco is rare. I got a rare one. Mom, >> I found a chart right here. >> This one is Wait, what is this one? >> Tamatoa toa legendary. Wait, is this the legendary? >> Yep, I got a legendary one, I think. Oh my goodness, that's >> What else do I need? >> Oh my goodness. I got both. >> Oh, thanks. Cardboard box. Wreck-It Ralph. Okay, this is a regular one, but I love him. Okay, a holographic. That's cool. All right, so let's check out mom's and see if she got >> see what you got. Show them to the screen here. Okay, >> we need sprinkles as well. >> Okay. Okay. So, see if mom Oh, we won't mix them up. >> No, let's >> So, we've got um Pete. This one's common. Oh, I got Bolt, too. Common. This is my family. Common. Dr. Calico common. Tuloose common. >> Out of order. Common. >> The Trouador. Oh, you got a You got a super rare one, Mom. No, no, I'm sorry. You got a uncommon. You got an uncommon one. And then you got another uncommon one. Double trouble. I think I have that one. >> Another uncommon. This one is rare. Madame Mim, you got a rare one. You got another rare one. Taka. This one is common. All right. So, you got a couple rare, a couple uncommons, and some regular ones. Here you go, Mom. cannot get this cold. >> I'll help you. One second. >> Oh, it is hot in here. >> All right, guys. Don't worry. We're going to be on our way in just a second. Wanted to open up our little cars. I don't think I'm going to trade any. I'm just going to keep >> All right. Hey, how are you guys? >> We have Sharon and Andy here. Hello. >> We were snacking our way around. We're just starting and we're like, "Wait, Jun's here." >> That's awesome. >> And mom and dad. >> Just mom. >> Just mom. >> Just mom. >> Dad went to visit with my cousin. So yeah, he might come later. >> And we came in. >> We came in to open up our floor cards. That's a nice mom daughter day. >> Yeah. Yeah. We've been having fun so far. >> It is so nice outside. It's >> beautiful. I know. Finally. >> Finally. >> Yes. We've been freezing all weekend and finally. >> Are you collecting cards? Like, are you doing the >> We just opened them. >> Yeah. I don't even know. >> We thought we'd open them and then go from there. >> Yeah. >> But mom got a couple rare ones. So, >> and then we're doing the scavenger hunt, too. >> I think Yeah. So, you do something with this with stickers and >> Yeah. I know. It's a whole thing. I know. Ivonne and I started it one day, but then we didn't finish. Yeah. >> Cool. >> We'll let you know. >> Oh, I'm glad you said hi. >> Love the sweatshirt and the necklace. >> Yes, the necklace. >> With the ring. >> Oh my goodness. It does. I didn't even think of that. Perfect. >> Maybe we'll see where you are. >> Sounds good. Enjoy. >> Yeah. >> All right. Mom, you ready to head out? >> I'm going to unplug. So, is that two books or >> these are all juice? >> That's awesome. >> Good. I'm going to have to go get me some. I don't have any. >> Oh, wait. >> All right. So, put those I put them in my book there. And then I didn't inside of there. That way they didn't get ruined. >> Oh, like here. >> Uhhuh. >> Okay. >> Keep them safe. >> Yeah. >> Did you have some of the garbage pail kids? I remember those. I didn't have any of those, >> but I know what you're talking about. >> Yeah. >> So, I'll I'll let you take them out. You can try. >> And don't throw that away here. Yeah, I can hold it for you. >> Throw that away. >> Even the ones you think are cool. I'll find out. >> We'll get it on the way out. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Here we go. >> Sorry. >> Oh, >> yeah. These are actually >> Okay. Do you mind if I look? I can show you mine if you want to. You looking for anything in particular? >> Don't forget your sweatshirt, Mom. >> Just connect with the break, I guess. >> All right. You ready? >> Yeah. It's for the thing. If you want to keep them, you can. It's for the scavenger hunt around here. There's a line to trade, so we're not going to do that today. But it's pretty cool that, you know, you can come in here and trade if you if you want. Get your trading cards and trade. Uh yeah. >> All right, guys. Give us one moment. Just waiting on mom here. She's a common Okay, >> here we go. >> Bye. >> Bye. >> Here you go, Mom. There's the trash. All right, guys. as well. I'm going to hand the map back to mom. Hold on to that. >> All right. >> And then we're going to go find the rest of them. >> You can also get ha tattoos right here. Pretty fun. Thanks for sticking around everybody. Having a fun day here at Epcot Festival of the Arts. We're gonna go through here cuz why not? >> Oh, hi friend. >> We have food. >> We have a little squirly friend. >> He kind of scared me at first. >> I think we scared him, too. >> Poor little guy. >> Yeah. No, he was fine once he figured out we were nice. >> I got a itchy. >> Hey, dry leg. No worries. Uh, let's go this way. >> It is getting busy today. >> Isn't it gorgeous here? Yeah, Morocco's beautiful. >> On to France. That's our next one. Or France. France. Fr. >> Yes, France. Let's go to Perry. Yeah, exactly. Literally squirrel. So funny. Yeah. >> Well, oh, mom, look. They have this one. Do you remember this from when we were kids? >> Oh, yeah. >> Do you remember what it was called? >> Veggie, veggie, fruit. Veggie, veggie, fruit. Fruit. You're right. Cha cha cha. >> That is cute. So cute. >> Oh, yeah. >> Imagination. The original one. >> Yeah. >> The best one. >> All right. Let's see. >> Okay. France. It is. >> Yes. Kitchen cabaret. You're right. >> Kitchen cabaret. It is getting to be a busy one today. >> Such a nice day. Everybody's out. >> It is. I don't blame them. That's why we're out. >> Also to stream, of course. >> And just get out of the house. >> Yeah. You sing that song when you're at the grocery store. I love that. Disney dreaming. I'm going to do that next time. I'm picking out my veggies and my fruits. Veggie, veggie, fruit, fruit. >> Cha cha cha. So, we have, I think, three more to find. We've got France, the UK, and Canada. And then we can go get our prize. You got a little. >> All right. I don't know which which store it's going to be in. Let's go this way. Oh, wait. Hang on. Don't move. It's fine. >> Okay, let's go this way. Those are pretty, huh? >> Really pretty. >> What are they? They're not snap dragons, are they? Okay, that one looked like it and then these didn't, but probably cuz they got cold. >> Exactly. >> They're pretty though. I like them. >> They are cool. >> Rati or not? Ask her if she wants to do Ratatouille because it's hot. >> Okay. Where do we think >> Where do we think the painting is, Mom? >> Maybe over here. >> One time it was on the other side of the shop. So, let's go see if it's there today. Nope. They moved it on us. It was here one time. >> How dare them? Mom said maybe it's over here. No. Well, >> they're getting sneaky. >> They are getting sneaky. >> I guess we're going to have to go in the shops. >> That's probably what they wanted. >> All right, let's go in the shops. >> All right. Yes. Bonjour. Bonjour >> could be in here. We'll find out. >> I know. >> Exactly. >> He's cute. >> Hey, Tyler's world. We're doing great. How are you doing today? >> Nope. Not in here. Okay, we'll see. >> So, sing along. Beauty and the Beast. >> I know, right? Corbar Box, my least favorite thing to do. >> We got a backup going on over here. for you. >> Good idea. >> They might be in here. You never know. >> Have to do when these Yeah. >> And my mom works here. So, >> my mom got me. >> Let's check this one. Oh, I found it. >> It's a Monae. You're going to love it. >> That's cool. >> Not do that. >> I know. Especially if it's your fave. >> Exactly. >> All right. Well, we got to put our sticker on. >> Me, too. >> So, >> yep. That one. >> It's that one. You got it. >> Hey, Tennessee Bear. It's not sticking. You might want to try the other side first. >> Yeah, >> sometimes it does that. It's really weird. >> I know. It is a really pretty one, isn't it? Sorry, guys. I had to turn down the quality cuz >> it likes to lag in here. >> Here we go. >> Yay. >> All right. And so you have to pull this out, remember? >> Oh, yeah. Yep. >> I'll just look at merch while you're doing that. Oh, Disneyland Paris merch is 30% off. Are you kidding me right now? Uh, kind of want this. I'm not going to lie. >> How much are you? >> $22.99. 30% off. That's a good deal. They got the backpack. >> Get it. plants. >> It's okay. No worries. >> Not easy. >> I know. They're not. >> That's adorable, too. It's for kiddos, but it's still adorable. >> Love it. Love it. >> Okay. >> All right. Perfect. >> It's okay. Two more to go. >> This is fun. And what's it for? >> Reminds me of your Do you still have those place mats? >> They have separate like Disneyland. >> Yeah. >> I know. It's a good deal, isn't it? 30% plus your passport. I know. >> Yeah. >> That's a really good deal. >> I don't need it. I don't need it. I don't need it. >> Huh? >> No. I want that one. >> Oh, really? >> I actually I actually have this one. Yeah, it is cute. >> One of our awesome friends got it for me when he went to um one of our awesome um resort hoppers. Matt Hatter. Matt Hatter. >> Have your beret with Mickey ears. Oh, >> so cute. >> Very cute. >> There's this the hoodie. >> All right. Well, we better head on. We got two more to find. >> Yeah. I'd love to go in here, guys, but it does lag pretty bad. So, we're gonna continue on our way. >> I sent it to >> There's Matt. Yeah, it's not like the US parks. No, but it's beautiful. It's a beautiful park for sure. And hello, Matt. How are you? >> All righty. Let's head on to the next one, >> which would be the UK. Oh no. >> Oh, we're not muted. I was just taking it off of uh Wi-Fi for a second. So, we should be good. If you don't have sound, just make sure you hit the refresh button, which of course if you don't have sound, you won't hear me saying that. One of the moppers will post it. I know they will. They're good at that. We have amazing moppers and hoppers. Well, let's chat about um let's see. We've got dreamtable.co. dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to find a really hard to get reservation here at Walt Disney World, dreamtable.co will help you find that reservation. All you have to do is download the app on the app store or go to dreamtable.co um and then enter in all the information. You know, which restaurant you're looking for, number of people, the date, all those things. and then they will um notify you whenever the reservation becomes available. So they won't make the reservation for you, they will just notify you again at dreamtable.co. dreamtable.co. Check it out. Hi Noel, welcome back. All right. >> Sorry if I missed one of your messages. Just repost and I'll try to read it. But it's a very busy stream. Busy day today. So, I do apologize if I miss it. Trying to maneuver around the people and look for the figment paintings at the same time. Yes, we do get a prize when we're done. And we're going to go find out what it is. I think I know what it is, but I'm not sure. So, we'll wait and find out together. and welcome to the UK everybody. >> Go see if we can find our next figment. I have an idea, but I'm not sure. >> Hey, Proud Patriot. How are you? Thanks, Noel. You're so sweet. All right, let's go back to the toy soldier shop cuz sometimes it's back there. Not sure if it will be this time, but you know what? It's a cute shop anyhow. >> A I'm doing well as well. Doing well as well. I heard they got some new Winnie the Poo eaters back here. >> No, I heard they did. Yeah, they're a little different, but I'm I'm excited to see them in person if they still have them. So check them out. Hey, >> it's a busy shop. Everybody likes winning. Whale. >> Which one? >> Oh, bother. >> Yeah, >> it's cute. I like it. >> All right. Well, all they have are the old the old ears. I like that shirt. >> That one's right. But I don't see the new ears in here. That's interesting. >> Well, let's go see if the painting is over here. A look at little Ruby being adored. >> Sometimes it's been right here. So, let's look. >> Nope. >> One time it was right here. >> They moved it on us. >> How dare them, don't they? >> Well, we got to keep looking. When am I going to do a Disney Springs live? That's a great question. I've been doing um vlogs from there lately. I do want to get back and do another vlog there soon. >> Let's go in this shop. >> Yes. If you don't have audio, just refresh, refresh, refresh. That always helps. All the shops are busy today. You know, sometimes they have it outside, too. Give a quick look out here. Oh, it's so bright. All right. I can barely see. >> Oh, this is a cute window. Look, there's a bunny having tea and a little bear riding a horse. >> Very cute. I'll >> have to come back when it's not as bright. This one is chucking the globe. >> It's like a professor over here. So cute. >> Yeah, you guys can barely see it. >> I know. We have to go in another shop. What? All right. Well, apparently it's inside cuz I didn't see it. Let's keep looking. You >> see it yet, Mom? >> No. >> Yeah. We'll go that way and see if we find it. >> Yeah. The music is great in here, isn't it? Follow mom. >> I don't know if it's any better. >> Well, you did it, so that's all that matters. >> Yeah, the shops are popular today. >> Yeah. >> Well, I don't see it. We have one more spot to look and then we go across the street. >> I don't know. >> Oh, this is cute. I like the box. >> Oh, that is cute. twist on the classic collection. >> Yeah. >> Adorable. >> You don't like any of them? >> What's in it? >> Oh, chamomile, green tea, and lady gray. I like Lady Gray. >> I only want >> And chamomile. >> Black tea. >> Yeah. >> Well, this is black tea. It's just a different kind. >> But it No, it is. But it's got flavor. >> Yeah. But your Well, your favorite is English breakfast. >> Yes. Yes. This plane doesn't have anything done to it. >> Yeah, I got you. >> Yep. >> Um Okay. Not in here. Okay, guys. One more shop to look in. Hopefully, it's in here. If not, >> uh, we might need a hint. I know. >> Daddy, I found >> Hey, how are you guys? >> Good. >> Trying to find Figment. Hello. >> Yeah. Mom, do you remember my friends from Ohio? Kind of. >> Yeah. >> Rebecca, Rachel, and Jared. >> Hi. >> Do you want to say hi? >> Hi. >> Hello. Their last day, right? >> Yes. At least you got sunshine and warm. >> Oh, this is what Florida, >> right? I know. >> Darn it. But >> I know it wasn't too good last night. >> No. Oh, here. Let's Let's move through here and then we'll one more room to see if >> Figment. Yeah. He's He's in a frame, like a gold frame. So, it's a picture of Figment. >> And we've looked in every store but this one. Oh, I found him. >> There he is. >> See, you guys were good luck. There he is. >> Oh, wow. >> Yeah. >> Yeah, I know. He's He's decent size. Uhoh, we lost them. >> Here they come. You know them? Tim says, "I know them. They're famous. >> Thank you. >> Again, you're still missing. >> I know. >> What is up? >> Where are you? >> So, Mom, I found it. >> Cute, right? >> Yep. >> Yep. >> Let's see. >> Let's go outside. It is really squishy in the shops today. >> Well, squishy everywhere. >> Everywhere. I agree. Yeah. Okay. It's a nice day. Everybody was like, "Let's go. All right. Cool. So, what it Oh, thank you. I finally got to wear it. >> It's warm enough. >> Great. >> Yeah. Is it new? >> Yeah, it's a Disney one. Yeah. I was like, "Yep. Add to cart." >> Add to cart. Did you put your sticker on? >> Did you get our sticker? >> Yep. >> Good job. >> It's all good. Yep. You got it. >> Yep. >> And then we only have one more. busy. >> Oh, sorry. >> We were busy. >> It's fine. >> It's okay. You're you're you're allowed. It's all good. >> Thanks, Mom. >> You're welcome. >> All but we have all but one. Well, two. >> There you go. >> Which one is it? >> It's fine. There's lots of papers. Tomorrow is your birthday. Well, happy early birthday. >> Mhm. >> So, um, where'd you guys go today? You went to Magic. >> Started at Magic. Nice. >> Said one last goodbye to the pink house. >> Oh, yeah. Oh, I love your earrings. Those are so pretty. >> I love those. >> A small shop. SJudio. >> Oh, SJ Studio. Oh, there's a bee. >> They've been out today. >> Bees. >> Well, they're happy for the heat. They're like >> they thawed their wings out. >> I know. The flowers are like, "Yay!" >> Cool. Do you guys want to find the last one with us? >> All right. UK. Okay. And then we get to go get our prize. Pass it around. >> Mom's giving her job away. >> Is it in Canada? >> Yes. Canada is our last one. So >> very cool. >> Canado. Let's go. >> Silly. >> Uh, no. Oh, you remember he went to see our cousins at Animal Kingdom? Yeah. >> Yeah. They're in town. >> He should be heading over here maybe in an hour. So, we'll see. >> They had dinner together or lunch, I guess. >> Yeah. >> Oh my goodness. It's a mess. So, they're there today. I guess they got done though. So, yeah, they're done. Um, but we had to It was like we were moving. We had to clean out I had to clean out one whole side of my closet. >> Oh, no. So Dale and I have our own like smaller walk-in closet. So I cleaned out one whole side. I had to clean out all of the cabinets to the bathrooms top and bottom. And then the kitchen sink, you know, top and bottom. So there are boxes like we're moving everywhere. And then I piled all my clothes on the bed and then like all my backpacks and lounge flies and they're all over the floor. It is a mess. >> But it's done. So yay. idea. >> Yeah. Yeah. I wasn't sure either, but >> it happened. I had to get out of the house anyways. >> Well, you can't use the water. >> Yeah. And it was messy. >> So, I get to go home. >> Which one? >> Oh, that is cute. >> So pretty. Hi, Adrien. How are you today? >> A Alice Got the band going over here. >> Wow, she's got a line. Look at that. >> Welcome in if you're just joining us. We're almost done with our scavenger hunt today. Not quite, almost going. What are uh what is their name? I'm seeking for I seeking for >> Got home from my haircut. Awesome. Thank you so much for being here. We appreciate it very very much. We are the raftsman. Please feel free to visit. >> I don't think it's offkilter anymore. It used to be offkilter, but I think it's a different band now. >> All right, let's head up. See if we find the painting in one of the shops. >> What? >> Well, now now's the time, right? >> I have it was like one of my very first trip. >> I hope we come up here very often. Yeah. I mean, you know, let's let's head into the merkantile. I thought that was my name for a second, but it's Emma. Two M's, >> not M. >> Okay. Easy. >> Oh, I found it. >> Wow. >> So easy. >> Oh, wow. >> Our last one. We did it, Mom. >> We did it. >> Yeah. >> What did we do? >> We found it. >> Oh, yeah. I've been busy. >> Oh, there you go. >> So, yay. >> All right. >> All right. >> Okay. >> So, it's the last sticker on the other side. This on here. >> Oh, over here. Right here. Yep. >> That's right. >> You got this. >> See, she knows. >> These are new ears. >> These are really cute. >> I know. >> These are cute, too, though. I like that they're >> they're being fed to me on my >> I'm sure they are. These are really really cute. The poutine gets >> um they Yeah, they're at the front shop um underneath Spaceship Earth. But they have them also at the shop right at the front of World Showcase. >> The shop right now. >> World Showcase. Like right as you're coming into World Showcase. That shop right there. Yeah, >> we did it. Woo. Now we can go get our prize. >> Should be Starbucks. It's not. >> I know. >> We'll treat ourselves. I'm assuming it's a different treat than like what you got. Or is this cuz I did the it was like a rice krispie treat. >> Oh, for the passport. Yeah, the foods. >> So, this one I think is like a art something art since it's for the festival of the art. So, we're going to find out. >> Yes. >> All right. Don't Don't lose it, Mom. That's our ticket for our prize. Guard it. Guard it. Well, >> you got this. >> Thank you. >> Look at They're so cute. Thank you. >> So cute. >> Yeah. Here, Neil. Look, >> I brought you a present. >> Thank you. >> Good. How are you? >> Okay. We needed this the other day. >> Oh, yeah. That'll be warm. >> That looks nice and warm. It >> does. >> We should have come in here. >> Okay. I like $59.99. >> 59. That was not bad for that big fleece. >> Yeah. >> Or you could wear that. >> You'd be nice and toasty. >> Yeah. Better make sure you don't drink much while you go to bed. >> I was thinking the same thing. It' be hard to go in the bathroom for sure. >> Oh, look. He's barely sleepy. >> Oh, barely sleeping. Sorry. >> Oh, mom, you need this. always freezing. >> This is mom. >> Yeah, >> my silly thyroid would work. >> It's all good. >> Yeah, >> it happens. >> Can't be worse things. >> It's true. >> Oh, look, Mom. Way the poo in Canada. >> $1 each. Oh, >> it's cute. >> Yeah, very cute. >> So cute. >> Yeah. >> Thanks for,00 people watching. Oh, I know what we need. Do they have the ketchup chips here? Nope. Sweet potato chips. I like those, too. Somebody, one Canadian hopper sent us some ketchup chips one time. >> Where do you see potato? >> Right here. >> Oh, down there. >> Sweet potato. >> I was looking up here. >> Sweet spud of mine. >> That's funny. >> I knew it was there. I just didn't. >> No, it's funny. I'm like, I know. I read it somewhere. >> You did. >> Spicy dill pickle. Take home the dill. >> Yeah, he likes spicy, but probably not dill pickle. >> Probably not. >> I like dill pickle. Duffy. What is Duffy doing here? >> He's cute. >> Duffy. Oh my goodness. I want to buy you. He's so cute. >> He is cute. >> Bring Bruffy back, Disney. We need him. >> No. Jay says, "I'm okay. I'm always freezing, too, mom." A >> even with a perfectly normal thyroid. >> Yeah. Well, >> you know, >> you know, it happens. It does. >> Guys, look. I found Duffy. >> He cute. >> Duffy. >> I'm like, I kind of want to buy him. >> Yep. He is cute. >> We need Duffy back. >> Ador. >> I love I don't think I've ever noticed his paw print. Yes. So cute. >> His little foot pad. Mickey. >> And his face is shaped like a Mickey head as well. Like >> that's right. Right here. >> Yeah. There you go. >> We need him back. I would buy him. >> He's gotten a lot more popular. So >> hope one day hope. I know. Oh, I agree. >> Very cute. >> He looks nice and squishy, too. >> He does. He really does. >> All right, let's head out this door. >> They can be found at the uh Wyinners in Canada as well. Nice. Love that. All right. Well, I think we're going to head that way, go in one of the shops, and get our prize. You guys want to head with us? >> Sure. >> All right. Cool. Let's go. >> What time do you have to head out? >> Probably don't leave around 5. >> Oh, okay. So, not like not early. Okay, cool. >> Good deal. >> Sharon and Andy are here, too. They stopped by. Oh, did you? >> Oh, okay. Okay. >> That's so funny. >> Yeah, they stopped by and said hi. >> We saw Andy here yesterday. >> Oh, too funny. A >> ketchup are all dressed up chicks. That's funny. >> All right, Mom. Let's go get our prize. You ready? >> Magic was crazy. >> So busy. We waited over 40 minutes for >> Oh my crazy. >> Oh, that's good. I figured it would be busier because it's nice out, but I didn't expect it to be this crowded. >> It is. >> It is. It really is. And then tomorrow it's supposed to get cold again. >> So, you're leaving? >> When I stay >> You did. Yeah. And then next week we're supposed to be in the 70s and 80s all week. >> You got to come back. Tempt me. >> I know, right? >> There's no I don't need it. your risoto. So good, right? >> So good. I'm like I want I don't want one more. We got the wrap the chicken wrap in Morocco. It's really good. >> Okay. I haven't had that. >> I needed something. >> It has like a cucumber tomato on it. >> Okay, that sounds delicious. >> It's a nice like not theme park snack. >> Okay, I like that. Not chicken nuggets and French fries and Uh-huh. Something a little more fresh. >> That's why I love Epcot. >> Beautiful. >> I know. By like day five, I'm like, I need a salad. >> Uh-huh. I'm done with the fried foods. I get it. Totally get it. So, I don't know if this is a shop we can get our prize, but we're going to go in it anyhow cuz shopping. >> For shopping. >> Yeah, >> for science. >> It's for science. Always. Always. It is warming up just in time for you, Tim. Exactly. >> All right. All right. Well, thanks for almost uh 700 likes. Thanks for joining us today on Whimsical Wednesday. Don't go anywhere cuz we're going to be showing you the prize here in just a second. >> Was here the other day. >> Gonzo. >> The Muppet. Oh, Elonso. That's cool. >> Yeah, he was here with Whitney Carlson. >> Oh, fun. >> All right, let's go see if they're doing the prizes. I think they do in here. I think they do them in both of the shops. >> We're gonna find That's a pool. We're gonna find It does look deceiving. >> All right, Mom. You got the map. Let's see. >> Did you just start? >> Yeah, I started. >> Do you do the prizes here? >> All right. >> And then which ones were we thinking? >> I don't What are the options? >> I'll ask them. It's kind of early. >> Oh, okay. Um, let's see. >> Kind of hard to see. Um, >> oh, thank you. >> Perfect. Even better. >> That one. That one. >> That one. Oh, this is hard. >> I think I like this one. The purple. Yeah. Yeah. >> Perfect. >> Come on. Thanks, Amara. Cool. >> Guess you can throw it away now. >> Thank you so much. >> So, it's a sticker by number, I think. Right. Yeah. Awesome. >> That's cute. Sticker by number. Oh, fun. Yeah. >> Give you a choice. >> Yeah, there were four options. They were all very similar. >> Cool. Oh, hi David. Welcome in. How you doing? >> All right. This is cute. >> Okay, Mom. I'm gonna hand you the camera for a second so I can put this in my backpack. Got it. Got it. >> Hey, everybody. That one's really cute, >> isn't it? >> Yeah, I like that. >> Germany. >> Germany. >> Yeah. >> I mean, it's just simple but pretty. >> Yeah. Very flowers. You have a Germany red shirt. That's really pretty. >> I know. I don't know where I put it. >> I don't know where you put it. >> It's got to be somewhere. >> Got to look for it. >> There you go. >> Thank you. >> Look, this is the print we got. And they have it in a Pandora. >> Oh, that is so >> You need to get four to get four. >> I know. He's one of my favorites. >> Mine, too. >> All righty. I like this Daisy, too. >> Yeah. with the bling bling. The bling bling. Yeah. >> You need the shirt tonight. >> That is so cute. I think you do. >> This I have this one already. >> Oh, cute. >> We will see. >> Oh, I love little Pluto. Oh my goodness. He's pointing adventure. I like that. Mhm. >> That is amazing. >> They're all cute. If you like it, just get it. >> All right. Get it in every color. >> I love this. >> A Pluto one. >> I like the Pluto has his little name tag. That is so cute. >> Like a little jewelry box. >> Yeah. And then they've got the shoe. And I love the book. >> And it has a removable book. Oh, even better. >> That's what gets you. >> Bookmark. >> I was going to say you don't really need a bookmark. >> Try two items from the collection. Got it. >> A Cory Rick says, "Mom and dad are always a cherry on top to every awesome streamer video." A, that's so sweet. >> Thanks. >> Very nice. >> Well, let's head up towards the front again because you know that's where coffee is. >> You guys want to head with us or you going around? Mom was gonna make you if not. >> Mom said, >> "Oh, sorry, Mom." >> What mom says? >> Yep. It's true. It's true. >> A Yeah, I was Isabella. I'm glad she was able to make it today. It's been a fun stream. Hope you guys have enjoyed. Uh, let's talk about our last sponsor. We have Behind the Ride in Disney Demystified by David Mower. Uh these are two books that you can get on Amazon. Got a hard coverver copy. Um or you can get the ebook. Look, Montreal shot. Even better. We got a sad kiddo over here. >> Are you wearing your Figment Crocs? I don't I didn't get any Figment Crocs. >> I should have. If I had them, I would have worn them. Hi, Disney fanatic. >> All right. Hi. How are you? How are you? >> Good. Right now. >> Yes. Did you want to say hello? >> Yeah. >> Hi, guys. >> What are your names? >> I'm Stacy. Stay there. >> Awesome. Nice to see. We've met before, right? I felt like we had. Okay. Awesome. Good to see you. >> Good to see you, too. I didn't check this morning to see if you guys were live streaming. >> Yeah, no worries. We're all good around. >> Well, hope you're having fun. The weather's perfect. >> Thank you guys all the time. >> Thank you so much. Thank you. Well, enjoy this beautiful weather. >> Oh, it's just a great day. >> It's perfect. It really is. Cool. See you guys. Bye. You, too. >> The scavenger hunt is not free. It's um I think it's $9.99 and then you get if you get a if you're a passholder, you get your 20% off of course. Um but yeah, I don't know where to go. Oh my goodness. Looks like they're filming something over here. >> It is warm. Yeah, it's probably 73 or 4. I'm not sure what the actual temp is, but it's gorgeous. Um, I'm wearing mine. Did we visit with Sad Horns Figment? I know. Sad Horn Figment is gone. Oh, it's Christmas time. Poor little Figgy. >> Headed your way next Thursday, Friday through Monday. Um, probably, David. Yeah. Well, um, we'll see. Stay tuned. Stay tuned. But I would hope hopefully one day at least. On Wednesdays, we wear pink, but that's funny. >> Oh, okay. That's fine. >> The Christmas tree hunt. Yeah. At Disney Springs. That was a lot of fun, John. >> I love all the scavenger hunts. And mom wanted to come do this scavenger hunt today. So, I'm glad we were able to. >> I was thinking of that when we were here. Hi, Weston. Thanks for joining in today. Do you see cute little Figgy over here, Mom? >> Right there. >> Isn't he adorable? >> I love them all. >> That one's really cute. This one. >> So bright. >> Yeah, >> that one. And then of course Oh, yeah. >> That one. >> But I love these. These Yeah. Like you're in a photo booth. >> Oh, yeah. >> Look at Stitch. all the expressions. Which one would you pick? >> Which one if I had to pick out of all of them? Of course, this one. >> But maybe this one, cuz he looks like he's >> he's like having fun. >> It wasn't me. It wasn't me. >> Oh, look. Here's that one we saw over there. >> It's like uh >> Look at this one though. >> Uh-oh. Daisy. Bam. >> Wow. >> Right in the eye. Oh, poor Donald. >> So cute. >> All righty. Well, let's keep going this way. >> The hidden. You want to do the hidden Mickey scavenger hunt at the resort? I didn't know that was a thing, Tim. Hidden. Oh, no. I know what you're talking about. I think we did that one time at the Wilderness Lodge. That's cool. >> Yes, I know. >> Yeah, it's been good to have mom here. >> You picked the adorable looking one. That's a good one. Good pick. >> Do you guys have a bunch of flowers at home? >> So pretty today. I hope you guys are feeling the warmth through the screen cuz I know most of the country is really cold and we were too. So, I get it. But I'm glad we're able to share the sunny day with you today. Hope you've enjoyed whimsical Wednesday. I think we are going to go ahead and wrap it up and we're going to go get some caffeine and then I'm going to head home so I can help. Well, Dale's working so I can put away things in the house cuz it is a mess right now with the pipes and stuff. So, hope you guys don't mind a shorter stream today. Been doing a little bit shorter streams on Wednesdays, but you never know. Sometimes I might do longer streams. So, and also just have your notification bells on cuz you don't know. Usually I go live in the afternoon on Wednesdays, but today it worked out a little bit earlier than I was planning. So, again, if you have those notification bells on, you will get notified when we do go live. And thank you to all the replay watchers for watching the replay of the stream. See, I'm going to chat about our awesome uh platinum members of the channel. Let's check them out here. >> I'm not going to find them on the Disney app, that's for sure. That'd be cool if I did. >> Yeah. >> All right, let's see. >> Looks like they got a a training session going on up there. All right, platinum members of the channel. We love to thank them every single stream. So, let's see who we have. If it'll pull it up for me. We have Total Care Tom Amy Moore, Big Guy 1, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, William Ly, My Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jayla Moxley, Skiander, Danni, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our platinum members of the channel, all of our members of the channel, all of our Patreon members as well as hoppers, shoppers, boppers, >> all of them. >> Oh, I was like back. So, >> I thought you were dancing. >> Yeah, there you go. There you go. >> Good deal. All right. Well, who wants to wrap it up? Everybody in. All right. Let's see. Let me uh selfie mode here. >> Mom, come. Come this way, Mom. >> There we go. All right. >> All right. Thanks guys for watching. >> Thanks for helping. It's been fun. And uh we'll see you guys on Friday for Friday Night Live. And remember to go over to Adventures of Jenna and Dale and check out Dale Street or not stream vlog that he posted yesterday. So all right everybody. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. >> Oh yeah, these are definitely good. I'm here Boys.
