---
video_id: 92Y5qmYYU48
channel: ResortTV1
title: "BRAND NEW - Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin - Full Ride & Queue Tour 2026"
published: 2026-04-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92Y5qmYYU48
---
I love all these look like they've been refreshed. Buzz Lightyear is working. The evil emperor's nerd stealing her new power cell. I haven't seen the start or not. No doubt the work of a nefarious criminal, the sworn enemy of the galactic allot is stealing the skeleion power cell. Now those cells will all be powerless and at the mercy of dark red space rangers listen up. blocking will retreat the power cells while the rest of you concentrate on those robots. We'll run you at sea. I will communicate the star command of the galactic. How many of my good friends? one. >> Okay, so we're still [music] aiming for the Z. Oh, there's the new robot. >> All right, look at this. This mural was was there before, though. >> I'm going to lower >> [music] >> There's the new vehicles. They look great. >> This is my first time. >> I got several that are not working. >> Probably still getting some adjustments done. [music] They still need some work. It isn't open yet, so they haven't got it quite like it isn't officially open. They haven't got it all quite perfected yet. >> That's pretty normal. >> Yeah. Everything looks great. I mean, this this mural was here before it closed, but it's so good for this to be open. I love this so much. >> Yeah. No, they're the old ones, but they look new. No, they're the same. These are the same vehicles they've had since if you had wings. >> One. Okay. >> Right here, please. Watch this. >> Thank you. >> Of course. >> Oh, they open really nicely, though. No. >> All right. Here we go. >> All right. I love the um These are cool. The screens are neat. How fun. >> I like that a lot. The spin controls the same. You pick up the guns and go for it. >> [music] >> All right. Autopilot [music] off. Awesome. Pilot on. Take that cricket for a spin and send large plants into orbit. [music] Okay, you take it from here. Time to make changes to rocket and roll. You're almost next. [music] Outstanding short pilot. >> [music] >> No, [music] it is whatever they are. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] >> [music] >> Heat. Heat. [music] [music] >> [music] [music] >> Heat. Heat. [music] es [music] [music] [music] dialogue of blood must be stopped. Today's strangers to the rescue. [music] Attention [music] [music] space rangers. Your current Attention [music] space racers, your mission will resume immediately. For your safety, please remain seated. Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. You did it. Enjoy the celebration. I'll steer you in. >> You're all rocking stars. Kick back. I'll bring you in for landing. >> That was asting. Great work. I'll take >> Attention, Space Rangers. Your Starcraft have been temporarily deactivated. For your safety, please remain seated. Your mission will resume momentarily. >> I'll steer you in. >> You're all star. So [music] much [music] [music] space. >> It's a million plus now. We made it. We're not going to make it. Okay. >> Yeah, you can learn to ignore it. It's harder when it's right in your ear, but I'm sure you can learn to ignore it. All right. Oh, I love the the Pizza Planet truck. >> I feel like I could have scored a lot more, too. I'm not going to go on it again, but I feel like I could have scored a lot more. >> Because I wasn't hitting the red targets. >> All right. Oh, I bet my picture's not even up there anymore because of the Oh, I am. I am. There I am. Cool. >> Sorry. >> Yeah, I'm ready for Artemis for sure.
