---
video_id: zGZ6sxc9FNs
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Flowery Friday at the Epcot Flower & Garden Festival 2026 - Walt Disney World Live Stream"
published: 2026-03-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGZ6sxc9FNs
---
You want to do a picture? >> No, she's she's videoing. >> Yeah, >> no worries. >> Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live tonight for Friday Night Live at Epcot Flower and Garden Festival. Welcome in everybody. Before we get too far into the video, I want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all of the social media. We're Resort TV1 on all the things. Everybody say hi to Figment. Look how cute he is. Welcome, guys. Thanks for being here. Josh will be here in just a little bit. He had a uh later start getting here cuz he had to take Liam home. Um but I do have Dad here. So everybody say hi to dad. Dad's here. Mom's here as well. She's with Josh. So we did a little split. So mom and Josh are in there eating and dad and I are gonna hang out with you guys. So welcome in. Yes. We we ate a couple things from a food booth >> and mom and Josh got burgers. They have the same taste buds and me and dad do. >> It's kind of funny, but anyway. Hi Justin. Hi Edwin. Hi Jan. Walkoff uh is here. Candy Benjamin if you can dream it. Alicia Tiger Tail John. Another John here. Let's go. Actually, let's go. Well, let's show them this first because Phineas and Ferb so fun. Hi, Tony. Hi, Mia. Jacob, Brendan, Maria, Hall, Blue Polo, Trisha, Ashley, Mega, Byron, Phil Collins is here, Spider-Man, Age of Retro, Cardboard Box, just watched All Ears, uh, food or flower and garden. That's awesome. Yeah, we got Mickey and Minnie and Pluto, Chip and Dale, all the fun topiaries. And tonight we're going to go all the way around the World Showcase. We didn't make it on Wednesday. Um, but we're going to we're going to check out all the things tonight. So, it's going to be fun. >> And we're going to show you the pretty flower quilt over here. >> Another thing we thought about trying was the peach dolet. >> It's up here. We might have to do that. >> No, but Nothing better than popcorn. >> Popcorn and ice cream. I love it. Hi Sandy. Hi Paul. Tracy, hello. Welcome in everybody. Bop the like. Share out the stream. Happy Friday. I hope everybody had a good week. It's been a fun week so far. Oh, look at the doves. Two turtle doves. Wh There they went. That one chased them away. Oh no. It's hard to see. The sun is setting right there. It's like in between here. >> Yeah. What a treat. Mom and dad. Yeah, it was hot earlier. Hi, Joey's World. Hey, Krugs Robotics. >> Y, >> how's it going, Marie? Team O, Sullivan, Matthew, Kevin, Mary. Uh, so nice to see you all tonight. Thanks for another awesome stream. Thanks for your answers to my ton of questions of the cruise. Yeah, no worries. Hey, uh, Jake. Jake, how are you? Kimberly, Tina. Um, and we are going to have a new cruise video coming out soon. I was editing it a little bit today. Um, I'm hoping to get it done tomorrow and then I'll post it on Sunday over on Adventures of Jenn and Dale. So, go check it out. >> Yeah, they have these little centy things all over. >> You want to let them smell it? >> Yeah. Here you go. You guys can smell it. It's a blooming violet. >> You can kind of get a scent. >> Yeah. >> Like standing away from it a little bit better. breeze being >> pretty butterfly over here, man. That temp has dropped. Isn't that crazy? I know. It's It was like almost 90 earlier. It was like 87. Felt like 90. >> I don't like that. >> And now it's beautiful. I don't want to go too far. I guess maybe we should make our way back this way. >> Yeah. Let's go this way. I know. It's so pretty. Yeah. Chip and Dale, Mickey, Minnie, Pluto. They're raiding the picnic box. >> They're what? Oh, the picnic. >> Yes, they are. They're all having a picnic. >> They're also uh flying a kite and playing badminton. Oh my word, her bow is ladybugs. >> I just realized that. That is the cutest thing ever. I don't think I noticed that before. Okay, that is adorable. I need one of those. And I had what do you call them? >> Yeah. I would buy one. >> Not bad. >> Oh my goodness. That is so cute. Okay. I don't know if anybody else has pointed that out, but I was just walking by and I was like, "Hang on. Her bow looks different." They have eyeballs. >> That is really cool. >> That is so fun. Hi, Alicats. Hey, Mr. Cruz Fever Ryan is here. Welcome in. >> We were talking earlier. This is one of our favorites. >> It is. It is our favorite. >> I think it's my favorite. Yeah. Um, oh, we have Bambi, Thumper, and Flower over here. Let's go say hi to them. Do you think you'll be going to Epic Universe on Mario 10day? Well, there might be something coming in the works. Stay tuned. That's so funny. Stay tuned. >> So pretty. They usually have these over by Canada, but I'm glad they switched it up this year. It's kind of fun. >> It's a nice area right here. >> Yeah, it is. Hi, George. Because over there was always so busy. Yeah. You could barely get a picture here. Let's get a better one. >> There we go. >> I think so, too. >> Those look like bird trees in the back. Sort of paper birds or like we had a >> Oh, and our white birds. >> You mean the ones with no no leaves? >> Yeah. >> Ah, >> I think. I don't know. I could be wrong. >> Okay. Hey, Derase. >> Nice. >> Mhm. Hi, Noel. Hi, Tony Hall. Wow. >> Feel that's almost cold. >> I know. I was like, "Oh boy, did I wear the right clothes?" I did bring a long sleeve shirt, so >> at least I have that. >> There's always the shop. >> Oh, yeah. That's true. >> Darn it. I'm cold. I have to buy a shop. I have to buy a shop. A shirt. The whole shop. >> Hey, PDF. Hi, Jeff. Oh my goodness. He has a Nemo popcorn bucket. I want that. >> I wonder if it's on the cruise ship or something. Oh, >> hello Jeff. Tinker Bell is here. Uh, cardboard box gifted one resort TV1 membership. Thank you so much. Cardboard box. And it looks like Kevin received the membership. Thank you. Thank you. Got my Bambi sweatshirt on. Oh, that's awesome. Mom has that Bambi sweatshirt. >> Well, why don't we go check out the Flower and Garden merch >> before Josh comes. We did this the other day, but >> today you got something, too. >> We did. Okay. So, we'll show you that in a second. Let's show them the flower and garden stuff first. So, we've got the new spirit jersey. I love the color. It's very peach. Very cute. Hey, Amy Moore. And there's a front. I love that his glasses reflect. Looks like Spaceship Earth. Isn't that the cutest thing ever? >> It is $84.99. They're a little pricey, but we do have a little uh orange bird ornament in his little orange box or in the orange swirl, citrus swirl. Hey, whatnot adventures. It is $26.99 over here. >> And they have the little flower pot steaks. Adorbs. This is cute, too. So, this is a crop top. >> Hey, Dr. Dad. Hey, Leo. This one is $24.99. Not too bad for four of those. Hi, Trisha. Hi, Gail. >> Hello, Bryce. Love this one, too. I just wish it was longer. $26.99. Needs to be a little longer. And then these are the cute little Oh, it it was Orange Bird. So, we were trying to figure out the other day we got some cuz I think they're going to sell out. >> I got a spike. Mom got Figment. They also have Orange Bird and Mickey. They're so cute. They are $11.99 and you get it with Spikes scavenger hunt, but it's $11.99 before your discount. So after your discount's like $9 or something, you also get the scavenger hunt with it. >> And they work. >> They do work. So you put them out. Yeah. You can see it's solar powered, which is really fun. Hi, Corbin. And these are fun. These are little um papers in there. >> They're not postit. They just have paper. >> Yeah. It's like a note. Oh, >> $16.99 >> for me. >> Yeah. There you go. >> Yeah, >> these are cute, too. These are Loungefly. They're rather weird shaped. Cute. I love that spikes on there. I love that. >> Um, and then it's a round bag in the back, so it can be a backpack or a side bag. Either one. This one is uh 85. And then they've got the Spike the Bee one, which we had to get. It was adorable. I also love this mug. >> Let's go show that. And here. Oh, here's the raincoat. It's very flower power. >> Flowers, right? >> Oh, $59.99. It's not horrible. It's a nice weight. And then here is the um mug. So, of course, you can take that off. That's just for pretties. But here's the front. It's Orange Bird with his little glasses. It's so stinking cute. >> Hey, Alicia. Don't show your mom this. She need it. >> How much is it? >> $24.99. >> Okay, that's not bad with this on top of it. >> That's right. Spiked Duby. Spike dubby. >> What do you do with that on top? >> You know, just >> look at it. >> Put it out for pretties. >> Yeah. Here's the Hi. How are you? >> Good. How are you? >> Good, thank you. Here's Spike bag. This is again also a Loungefly. And this part comes off if you want that to come off. Very cute. It's got his little wings, little antenna. It is $75. It's like a side bag and it is adorable. Mom has hers tonight. Yeah, it's a little bit bigger than like a small love bag, which are nice as well. We love. And they have these ears. They've got Alice and Wonderland. The bow comes off of this one. And then the ones I have on today are this pair, which I love. and I uh had to have them. So, we've got Orange Bird. We've got uh Orange Bird and Spike. This is the first pair of ears I have ever seen with Spike. So, you know, I had to have them. I've got Orange Bird. And then this bow also comes off and there's some flowers, I think, on the back or oranges. Yeah, flowers. And then it says Epcot Flower and Garden in the year. These are Loungefly. So, I think they're $44.99. So, but they are Loungefly. So, they're a little bit more. Let's see. We've got all the passholder merch on this wall. This is >> Yeah, we love this mug. It's like a little garden hose for the handle. Looks like a flower pot. And it is $24.99. Same price. The hat is also really fun. I make your bank account reduced. These bags are dorps, too. Says passholder there. This is just a Disney bag. That is $39.99. That one's fun. >> Yeah, >> it's embroidered. I love the embroidery that they've been doing. Uh $36.99. Hi, Greg. >> Well, oh, I knew I was going to show them. Let's go show them the uh Wishables. >> Okay. >> Oh, they also have this. They have a dress and then the sweatshirts. Yeah, that one's really cute. You just wouldn't wear it as much. >> Been a lot hot today. >> Oh, really hot. $59.99 for this one >> this afternoon. >> Yeah, very hot. >> Yes, that's a shirt. We'll have mom model it for us. >> We have the Spike the Bee um garden uh steak. Hi, Rosalie. And then we also have these up Wishables. And you know, I've been, you know, trying to figure out what's in it. Oh, this one barely shakes at all. This has got to be Doug. >> Oh. >> So, we tested my theory and I got Doug. >> You are right. This one shakes. >> Yep. So, if it doesn't shake much or like much at all, then it's probably Doug cuz I think he's the biggest one out of them. And if it really shakes, it might be Well, Mom got Russell. >> She did. >> But it might be uh Kevin. But anyway, here's a little trick for you. >> You need the old guy. Yeah, the old guy. Dad calls them. $17.99 for those. And they have all the flowers back in stock. I know. Secrets. Shopping secrets with Jenna. >> Dale. >> Mom got uh >> Dale the other day. >> Yeah. And this one. >> I I got her Winnie. And then you got her Minnie and Dale. >> Right. >> And I have Dale and Sitch, of course. >> And you put three of them in a small little It's not big. And it And it works great. It works perfect in a little vase. They're really cute. >> They're not glowing though. >> Hi. Hi. We're shopping. >> Yeah, but I figured All right. Was not surprised, but >> we didn't want to go too far. >> No, you're good. It takes a while to find anybody in here, so we Chihuahua. Mom and dad said hi. >> What? >> We saw Chihuahua, mom, and dad said hi. We just saw them. >> I thought you said my mom and dad said hi. I'm like, cool. I've been with them all day. >> Well, they do. I was telling mom I was like I think I can find her but like and but like I can't everything in here looks kind of the same. >> I got you. So it's like >> I feel like the air is not working anymore. >> No, it's definitely >> Show off your shirt. >> Yeah. >> But you're saying you had the new shirt on. >> Okay, there's the front. Show us the back. >> Do a little turn. >> Very cute. >> Alice, >> love it. >> Awesome. Good deal. >> You like that, didn't you? >> Yeah. >> So, everybody say hi to Josh and Mom. >> Hi, everybody. So, where should we go? >> I had a flower and garden festival shirt, but I can't find it. So, I'll find it. >> Well, guess what? They got more. >> I know. >> Find chocolate chip cookies. >> Oh, chocolate cook. We got to go back in the other. >> Apparently, that's where mom wants to go. >> No. >> No, that's fine if you want. >> That's fine. >> Oh, we definitely can do that. >> I saw uh super cute shirt. They said >> a Thanks. >> The Flower and Garden Festival made its debut in 1994. Yeah, last year was the 30th anniversary. >> 30th? >> Well, I think that Wait, that doesn't make sense. >> 2 years ago. 1994 20 25 >> like see 20 25 30 years one >> hi >> hello how's it going good to see you happy birthday >> 28 right >> 27 27 >> add another 40 years >> I I thought maybe you were a year older I was 28 you know >> 29 I can take you places >> 29 okay >> it's not bad at this we just got done the abba >> oh fun was Really great. >> Is that an ABA tribute band? >> Yeah. >> From from Sweden. >> Oh, from Sweden. >> A Swedish ABA. >> Hi, Carol. Hi, Mercedes. >> They were really fun. >> Nice. >> I know for sure. >> As you should. >> Oh, yes. Yes. >> I love it. >> Very cool. >> That would be that would be fun. No, I I wasn't sure what the status of the original band was. >> Oh, cuz they skipped 2020. That's it. >> I was going to say some of them passed away, maybe. >> Yeah. You are. >> Yeah. You guys good and everything? >> Yeah, we're doing well. Just enjoying the >> festival. I know. And the air >> going off a little. Feels better tonight. >> Yeah, it was hot. It was like 87 today. >> Yeah. >> You got a nice birthday. >> Yes. >> It's going to be a birthday month. >> I love that. >> My kids are coming down. >> Cool. >> 17th. So >> nice. That'll be fun. >> St. Patty's Day. >> No. >> No rule against that. Enjoy. Can I enjoy you while you can? >> Of course. >> We'll let you guys go. >> Yeah. No worries. Happy birthday. >> Sounds good. >> We'll see you next meeting now. >> Epcot. I know. >> I like it. >> Happy 29th birthday. 29 29 >> 27 27 >> 27 4. >> All right, guys. >> Bye. Have a good one. >> So, I figured out why they skipped 2020s flower and garden. >> Oh, good job. Makes sense. >> We got this. >> All right. Which way you want to go? >> Um, is that cute? >> That is cute. >> I just saw those people. There's a 2026 passholder shirt, you know. It has all four parts and stuff. >> Okay. >> Let's see what's >> and stuff. >> Hi, Matt. Hi, Kevin. >> Oh, that is a cool shirt. It's very uh It's giving me retro vibes. >> Ringer. >> How fun it is. How much? >> 36. I can't see it from here. >> Yeah. >> 36. >> Yep. >> Nice. Thanks. >> The rings. The rings are extra. >> That's exactly it. >> Yeah. >> I hope you watch the ABA show. Yeah. We'll see how it goes. >> See how it goes, guys. >> Well, there it is. >> And there it is. Which way you want to go. >> Uh, I'll follow you. I don't even know what you've seen so far. So, I'll follow you. >> We've seen some of the booth or some of the top areas and then we came in here cuz we didn't want to go too far. >> All right. Well, let's finish going through here and then we'll go see. Okay. >> You want to go see the rest of the I haven't seen. We haven't been all the way around the uh world showcase. The other day we didn't make it. >> Well, maybe we should do that before the tour. >> I love this plan. All right, let's go this way then. >> Come back. >> Well, that maybe seeing the top would be >> Sorry. Sorry. What? >> Oh, the pigment. Yeah, I see it. >> Cute, right? >> Talk about story time. >> The cast members did story time. >> I don't know. He said, he said to the lady, "How was story time?" I'm like, >> and she said, "I had six kids." And I was like, "Wait, maybe >> that's so cute. Maybe in here." >> I don't know. Yeah. Well, you know what? That would work. >> How fun. >> Hi, Princess Kristen. >> I want to go see Mike and S. >> Yeah, Mike and Sully and Josh, there's a stitchy topiary this year. >> I heard they were telling me >> he's so cute, but I just haven't gotten over there to see him yet. >> Hello, Matt. How are you? My wife Cassie says, "Hi." Hi, Cassie. >> So, it's very Pixar. >> Yep. We got Mike Wazowski. with one eye. >> Oh, yeah. You guys do it. >> Yeah. >> Yeah, you saw it. >> Hey, Elizabeth. Hi, Minnie. Yes, we did see it. >> And then we've got Sully. Everybody's been talking about how like weird and skinny he is compared to like the other topiary of Mike. But this is um college Mike, >> right? No, it is because he's got braces. >> Yeah, that's why. Or sorry, Sully, not Mike. That's why um he's skinnier than older Sully. >> No, that makes sense. This monsters university. >> Exactly. I love all the little monster bushes >> before the the freshman 15. >> I know. Me, too. These are so cute. >> Just sent, "Congrats on 28 months of resort hopper bronze." Uh, she says, "Hi, Josh, Jenna, mom, and dad. Enjoy your night. So good to see the resort TV family all together for Friday Night Live." Thanks, Justinta. They love seeing you guys here. >> Hey, old Mr. Young dude. This one's fun, too. Old Mr. Young dude says, "Hello, mom and dad." >> Hello, Linda. >> Those look hand painted. >> I know. They do, don't they? >> That's cool. >> Probably are. >> I like that. I like that. >> Yeah. >> The creativity vibe. >> Totally. Hey, Japa family. How are you guys tonight? >> You did, Edwin. It is a busy night tonight, which I figured it would be. First festival Fridays. It was hard to get in. Always busy. >> Took me a long time to get in. >> Get in. Oh man. >> I actually wouldn't have been late if it hadn't been so busy on the first festival night. >> Yep. All the locals. >> I pulled in the parking lot 5:25 though, so that's kind of that's kind of pushing it. >> It's a little bit pushing it. It's fine. >> That was necessatory. >> Yeah. >> Not a That's not a word, but it's fine. >> Necessatory. >> Yeah. >> A lot of new things to see. Yeah. Here is Baroo >> being adorbs. I don't know if he still does the music >> cuz in the past >> the tape the tape doesn't move anymore. >> Okay. >> Well, there's no mechanism by which it looks like it's open now. >> Okay. >> I guess mom and dad maybe went Oh, they went to the bathroom. Okay. >> Well, let's go see Stitch while they're doing that. >> Hey, how are you? >> Good. >> Good. Good. >> Hello. >> Hi. How are you guys? >> Nice to meet you. You too. What are your names? >> Um, Alexander and this is Brandon. >> Brandon. Awesome. Good to see you. Do you want to say hello? >> Yes, please. >> Hello. >> We watch you guys call. >> That's Yeah. Cool. >> All the time. >> I love the retro tank top. That's >> I have to represent. >> Totally. >> Awesome. You guys having a good night? >> Oh, yeah. We actually just got >> Oh, better. We just came from um time. >> Even better. I love it. >> By the way, >> thank you. >> I had to get them spikes on there. So, >> I think that you had a pair of ear, too. >> I had a pair of >> Yeah. >> Okay, cool. That's awesome. >> Where you guys from? >> Jacksonville. >> Okay. >> Jacksonville. Very good. >> Very good. >> Awesome. >> Well, enjoy the What's that? >> He's in the shop, too. I actually got him last year, but they have them again this year. >> He's a He's a shoulder pal, but I put him so I don't lose them. >> Got to go check, >> man. Grab one of those. >> Go check out the merch. >> Probably actually. >> Well, enjoy the night. It's gorgeous. >> It was so nice finally meet you guys. >> You, too. You, too. >> Oh, of course. Let's do it. >> Here we go. >> Got everybody in there. Come on over. There we go. There you go. You're good. Yeah. >> There we go. >> Awesome. Thank you guys. >> Yeah. Have a good night. You too. You too. >> See you. >> Uh let's see. What Not Adventures Center for 99 says, "Have an uh a zing evening." I think an amazing evening probably. Thanks for all you do for us. Thank you so much. Thanks for the $4.99 super chat. That's very kind. A thanks. Nancy says, "Your family stream makes me so happy." >> Awesome. >> We're glad. >> This is where Josh and I's favorite ride used to be. Horizons. >> I was going to say was your favorite ride, too. >> I said our favorite. >> Oh, our favorite. Okay. I was I was texting Dan back. Good. >> They said they did go to that. >> Our favorite ride. >> I missed that part. I just heard my own name. >> Um, speaking of which, >> Mhm. >> Robbuzz sent me some cool stuff. >> Okay. I like cool stuff. >> He's found some more ride through his horizons on his >> Not just that, one of his friends. >> There's Stitchy, >> Disney Dave is another channel. He um ran it through AI and upscaled it to 4K. >> Oh, 4K Horizons. Like, and it looks really good. >> Happy Montreal day, by the way. >> Happy. >> It's Montreal day. Yeah, Disney did a whole like beatbox thing with the Montreal. It was amazing on Instagram. >> I got to check that out. >> Yeah, you do. >> Hi, Stitch. >> Isn't he cute? There used to be Buzz Lighter here, but Buzz is up front now. >> The plant mix is cool. It's very space looking. I don't know why. >> I'm glad they brought him. Next year they need um an angel to go with them. Stitch an angel. >> Oh, for sure. >> I'm all about that. >> It kind of makes sense that they would have it by the mission space because >> Agreed. Wow, look at that. That's cool. The sky. >> Yeah. >> Back behind. >> Yeah. I've never seen 4K uh horizon. That's pretty cool. >> Really cool. I can't wait to see it. Hi Tim. >> Welcome in. >> We almost have 1,800 in the chat. Share out the stream everybody. >> Hello Smooth Joy. Happy Montreal day. Yes. Happy Montreal day. >> That's what we've talked about that on the stream before, but if I could go back in time, that's what I would do first. >> Really take my Well, that and then take my really nice Sony camera in there and like get like real 4K lowlight rides of it. >> No. >> Actually, if I was going to go back in time, I would grab the most expensive best camera I could find. Mhm. >> Yeah. >> I think that's a good plan. >> It might take this back to 1995. >> Not at all. >> Just bring it back. >> Just bring it back. Yeah. Bring it back when you're done. >> Uh-huh. >> This is really good. >> We got Tow Mater and Lightning McQueen over here on Wednesday. Um, what's his name was over here? Uh, Star-Lord was over here. >> Oh, was he? >> And he was pretending like he, you know, was driving and then he he looked over at me and I go, "Yeah, you could you could do that." And he goes, "Yeah, I just got to figure out how to get in it." >> That is a problem. Yeah. >> I said, "That is a good point." >> Want to go over on the other side? >> Uh, we can. Yeah. >> Should we wait on mom and dad or Hi, >> you are you? >> We're here. You found us. How are you? >> You, too. Do you want to say hi? >> Hey. Hey. How are you, everyone? >> Shaggy, right? >> Yes. How's it going? for a short trip just for a few days. So, uh >> to see top, >> they have some good ones. >> Get away from the cold. >> Yeah, you picked a good time. It was warm. >> This is like >> It was like 87 today. >> And it's actually I welcome it. >> Yeah, >> I'm with you. >> I I actually welcome you. >> I did behind the scene seats today. How fun. >> If you've never done that before, >> we did it years ago. We need We need to go. >> I was in high school still, I think, or just out of high school. Um, except we found out what happened to the tree. >> Oh, what happened? >> Uh, it was old. >> Okay. So, it just needed >> Oh, you mean the one that was in front of the pavilion >> in the land? >> Oh, the in the in the in the ride. >> And the one that's there now was grown from the original. So, it's still technically >> the same tree. Okay. >> I'm glad they told you about that. That's really cool. And we found out that uh the people that decorate it for the holidays, it's actually the scientists working. >> Oh, fun. >> It's not a special team or anything. It's actually them. >> Yeah, that's really cool. >> Which is really cool. >> That is really cool. >> I bet they uh they take a lot of pride in that probably. >> Yeah, they actually said the the one she pointed out like where she which part she worked on. >> Oh, that's fun. >> That's really cool. >> Yeah, it was really I'm glad that I did it. I wish I have done it before. Yeah, >> we enjoyed it when we did it, but I'm sure it's way way different now. >> That's awesome. I'm glad you got to do it. >> The weather is like It's been hot, but actually bad. >> Yeah, it cooled off now. >> And the evenings is perfect, though. >> The humidity actually hasn't been bad. >> No, the humidity is not bad at all, Mom and Dad. >> And actually, I've never missed it. >> Okay. Did you bring the ears at all, Josh, for the phone? >> Yeah, I did. >> Since it's a little windy, I don't know. >> I'll grab them. Okay. >> I got to get rid of my drink here and I'll grab them. There they are. >> Hello. >> How are you? >> Everyone calls me Shaggy. >> Shaggy. >> So, yeah, I' I've met them several times, but I' i've never met you guys before. So, it's just it's great to finally see see you guys on the stream many times. Great to finally see you in person. >> I can't be shaggy. >> And I still have hair left, but it's it's, you know, >> hair is good. >> Life happens. >> Life does happen. >> I love it. Hi. >> Hello. >> Thank you so much. Okay, cool. >> Oh, awesome. Thank you so much. >> Thank you. Nice to meet you. >> So, what are your plans tonight then? Just see the top. >> Yeah, we were just kind of doing a topiary tour. >> Yeah, do a little look around. >> How are you? >> I think I'm going to look for a snack. >> A good snacks are out there. >> Nice. Thank you. Whatever you want. >> Yeah, he's got the popcorn over there. >> Got my popcorn. Indeed. Indeed. >> Nice to meet you guys. >> Well, good to see you. Enjoy your night tonight. Enjoy the weather. >> Very good. >> Awesome. All right. >> Enjoy. >> See you later. I'll remember the name. >> Hi. >> Hello. >> How are you? >> Good. local. My wife Ashley and you guys a thank you so much. >> Yeah. So, thanks for all you do. >> Do you want to say hi? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Hey honey, I know you're on Lightning Lane for Galaxy right now. So, give me a shout out. >> Yes. Have fun on Guardians. That's a great ride. >> Can I grab a grab? Of course. >> Of course. >> Lean. >> Oh, >> Lyn. Hi. >> You want to get a selfie? We watch you all the time. >> There you go. Good. >> Cool. Hi. How are you? >> Meet you guys. Enjoy the night. >> Have a good night. >> That's cool. >> All right. >> Trash can for this drink. >> Thanks for being here, everybody. All right. Sounds good. >> I don't want to dunk it on myself while I >> Well, that would probably be a good plan. >> Not to do. >> Now, if you want to if you want to see mom, we can we can maybe Dad in there and grab you one. Yeah. >> Okay. Always good to see mom and dad. It is definitely. Happy Friday, Mary. Sorry guys, we're not getting all the chat red cuz it is a busy night tonight. Got to maneuver around the people. >> Where are you guys going to go together? How are we going to go? >> There's been no humidity all week. I know. It's been nice. John, have you not been in the parks this week? Wow. All the sunset over there. Wow. >> Let's go check out. >> Yeah. >> Hi, K Orlando. >> Hey, Rascal. Hi, lady. >> Yeah. >> Oh, did you go see the new movie Hoppers? I love that. Did you wear your Hopper shirt? >> Yeah, >> Josh. If we go see the movie Hoppers, we should wear a Hopper shirt. >> You what? >> If we go to the new movie Hoppers, we should wear our Hopper shirt. >> I know. >> I know. That would be cool. >> Hi, Shauna. >> Phone ears and the super chat. >> Go ahead if you want. >> From Amanda. I couldn't I couldn't grab it. There you go. I'll let you. >> Okay. Amanda sent $9.99. Hope you have a a great night at Epcot. My husband, kids, and I are watching and we'll be at Flower and Garden in two weeks. Oh, that's so exciting. Thank you so much, Amanda, husband and kids. I hope you guys have an awesome time while you're here in two weeks. Princess Kristen will be here tomorrow. >> Right here. >> Oh, line too long. Do you know where Nemo is? >> All right, guys. Check this out. Holy moly. >> We need a group meet up to see hoppers. Oh my word, that'd be so fun. >> Let's go over see the See the big quilt. Yeah. >> Love it. >> Yeah. Mhm. >> Watch out for the kamicazi three-year-old. >> I know. He was so cute though. He reminded me of uh Josh when he you when you were little cuz he had the glasses. Guys, bop that like button. We got 548 likes and we've got almost 1,900 people in the chat. Bop bop bop. It helps YouTube know that you're enjoying the stream. Every time you say bop bop bop, it reminds me of the old Adam Sandler song. >> Oh, to the top. >> He did. He No, he did a I think it was a Saturday Night Live or just one of his comedy things. >> Yeah, >> it was a mop mop mop all day long. Mop mop while I sing this song and then bop bop bop all day long. >> Okay. You know that song? >> Yeah, I do. But my head goes to High School Musical. Bop bop bop to the top. >> Oh yeah, that works too. That works too. >> That's funny. >> How many people in the chat room for that? >> Uh let us know guys here. Here, I'll let you say hi to them if you want. You haven't said hi yet. >> Hi to them. >> Hi to them. >> Thought I did my >> good. How are you? >> Did he did he cry? >> Thank you. Are you enjoying your night? >> By behind you. >> Yeah. >> We're close by. >> Yeah, they were coming. >> It's great to see you guys. >> You too. >> We'll see you up in New Hampshire. >> Thank you. Nice to meet you. >> You too. >> How do you spike? >> There's a song for that, too. >> There is. I've heard it. >> Did you want to go before it? >> My daughter's singing bop to the top. >> Yeah. I think they was going to do a picture or something. I don't know. I can't tell. >> Hey, Rob. I was just talking about your Horizons video that you made for us. >> Yeah, for sure. Hey, Tiger Tail. Hey, Tim. Hey, Noel. >> That's my front door right there. >> Oh, wow. >> Oh, no. >> No bueno. It's warm while you got it. >> I know. It was hot today. >> You went from one extreme to the other. >> But it's perfect right now. >> I don't know if there's snow. >> We live right here. Have you been there or is that your new >> Our brother did? Yeah. >> Yeah, the brother went >> Oh, yeah. >> We've never been there either. >> Snowbirds came down January 5th. >> Okay. >> At least you get a little warm. >> Well, enjoy and safe travel. >> Nice to meet you guys. Enjoy. >> All right, friends. Uh, >> hey Jody. Hi everybody. >> Yeah. Retro Bob in the house. That's right. >> There they are. >> This way. >> Montreal. They're coming in hot tonight. >> Coming in hot. Montreals. >> Can I get the Montreal quilt shot? Hold on. Hold on. Well, there you go. Tranquil Tuesday thumbnails, maybe. So pretty. >> Okay. >> Yes. Yes. Rob, we discussed Horizons by m Mission Space. You have to. I think it's required. >> Pretty sure it's required >> by law. >> Uh-huh. Disney law. I remember when they put these in like they had them, you know, there was tiny little and then they covered them and Yeah. There was a whole thing. >> They They made it. >> They did. They made it. >> Okay. Josh, what have you seen any of the videos or pictures of the Disney Adventure cruise ship? And are you very jealous right now? >> I have not seen any videos and pictures of it. >> It's real. I mean, it was here in Florida. We just didn't get to go see it this time. >> Well, and it's technically not either. >> Oh, I've been seeing videos. >> It's insane. It's >> gold one day. >> Yeah, we got to do it. >> Wish it would come to Florida. >> Me, too. I wish we could have, you know, at least seen it while it was here. >> I know. It would have been nice. >> So close, but yet so far. Rain or shine? Yep. >> Oh, Outshine. They have the uh the mini bars, the little strawberry fruit bars or Outshine. >> All right. So, we heading into the showcase. >> Or do we want to see the topiaries over here? >> Let's do that real quick. >> Okay. >> Oh, well then let's do that. Okay. We'll do that cuz I I I've showed some of those over there too on Tuesday >> because they were already here, of course. Yeah, they were already here on Tuesday. >> Except for the front, I don't think. >> What? >> Uh the actually they were here on Tuesday. Yeah. Well, granted they had to be there cuz the night before the signs weren't in, but the topiaries were there. >> I don't think there's any. >> There were little little signs. >> Okay. >> Like just little little uh >> hexagons. We found the people. >> Beach grub. >> Do you remember the samor? >> Okay. >> I like that little sign right there. >> Oh, I got you. >> All those little little signs. Yeah, we're not there on Tuesday. Oh, more more playground playalong bay. >> Miniature little uh picnic tables, too. >> That's so cute. >> This turned into a nice thing. A lot of people were skeptical about this for a while, but they even got other country flags. Not like what looks like flags. Those are not actual country flags, but maybe those are Yeah, maritime flags. I don't know. Somebody let me know. >> Oh, well, yeah, cuz look. Play along bay. >> It Okay. >> It's like stone long. >> Yeah. Okay. So, it is maritime type and beach. >> You did it. You did it. >> All right. Uh, hi, David. >> I don't remember. >> Uh, it was actually butterfly garden for a while. remember >> years ago. Tinker Bell Butterfly Garden. >> Oh yeah. >> Oh, there's Goofy over there. >> Holy cow. >> He's there, guys. Trust me. >> Holy crap. >> As close as we're going to get. >> Yeah, I know. Um that I believe that's what was there. There was also before CO there was an actual playground there. The Epcot had a ton of playgrounds. Um, I remember the day before it closed for CO, Liam, I took Liam over here cuz he wanted to go to the parks one more time cuz we knew they were closing and so he's like that's actually what mostly what he wanted to do was play in the playground. >> Oh, David, I'm glad you're feeling better. He's been sick almost since their trip. >> Oh, no, David. >> He got a really bad really bad nasty bug. >> That is no bueno. >> No. >> This is your do whip if you want it. >> I know. I thought about that. They have a peach whip. >> Back in 2009, Grippy was holding a tennis racket. Oh, really? Yeah. >> Kind of remember that. >> You might try some whip. >> Okay. >> I'm good. I do need to try I do need to do a a restroom break at some point. >> Okay. Yeah, there's one right there. I'm going to do that. You can hang out by the water. >> Yep. >> Actually, Dad, will you put mine in a cup? >> Peach in a cup. Thank you. >> I'm totally fine with that. >> Oh my goodness, David. No, no, no. Hey, Mr. Green Giant. Mom, do you want to go look at the pretty water >> and the sky? >> Yeah. Really pretty, isn't it? >> Mhm. It's like golden hour, we like to call it. >> Very pretty. Uh, super chat from Amanda. I'm pretty sure I got that one, but I can do it again. Uh, Edwin gifted five Resort TV 1 memberships. Thank you so much, Edwin, for gifting five Resort TV1 memberships. Thank you so much. Uh, yes, I did read Amanda's, but thank you guys. Thank you so much again, Amanda, for the 999 super chat. We really appreciate it. Yep, I read it as we were Josh put the ears on the phone and we were walking over in the middle. But thanks, guys, for letting me know. >> That always sounds fun. >> What's that? tears on. >> I know. You know the covers. >> Uhhuh. >> The lawyers. Hey, Noel. >> Still have the cough. It always seems the last the last go. I know, David. For sure. That's usually what happens to me, too. CH is here. Hello. Hello, Anthony. Resort budgeting. Magic Hour. Hey, that works, too. Golden hour. Magic Hour. We'll call it whatever. Hey, Mr. Master Stacy with an IIE E. Thank you so much. You're so sweet. >> And just like that, the sun has set. >> Isn't it pretty, Amy? Yeah. Uh, we do not we we are not have we are we don't have the same shirt on, but it's very similar color. It is. >> Yeah. Here, I'll show you. Mom's is from this year. Mine's from last year. >> So, mine is Spike the Bee and Mom's is um Alice. Yes. So, similar. Mine's a V-neck. Hers is not. >> No. >> Mom wore this on opening day actually. >> Mhm. But the ears, so yours are this year's ears. And spike of course being ador. So, there you go. Happy Friday, Erica. Hi Graham. >> Micro adventure or says micro hour. Okay, there you go. >> Why not? >> Yeah. Hope everybody has a good weekend as well. After golden hour is blue hour. Yeah, >> it's true. >> True. >> Mhm. Oh, I see the Muppets over here where the uh Bambi and uh Thumper usually are. We got Kermit and Miss Piggy right over here. So, we'll have to go check them out. And then Winnie and the Pooh and friends are up there a little ways too. Pi out in a little different spot this year. Linda says, "Love the necklace. Beautiful heart necklace. Did you get that for Valentine's?" Um, actually, no. I got this uh a Christmas too or not this Christmas was last Christmas. It's Chloe. >> Yeah. >> So cute. So, I got lots of Chloe necklaces. Hi, Blair. Hi, Kelly. After sunset, it's hours. Yes, that's true. Uh, Jonathan says, "Hi, we are allowed to film the Garden Rocks concert. It just sometimes it just copyrights the stream." So, it just depends on if we want to get copyrighted claim that night or not. Usually, every time we do a concert, it will get copyrighted. >> I thought after golden hour, it's Miller time. If you like Miller, sure, go for it. I like that. Thanks, Anthony. Hi, Kim. So excited for flower and garden. Mini Ben says, "Yeah, it's our favorite." You're welcome. Well, I see dad. I don't see Josh. I guess let's just Oh, there's Josh. Okay. I was about to walk away and there he comes. >> Yeah. Hi Susan. >> Hi Jody. Taylor says hi. Doing well. >> Yes, we do spring forward tomorrow. We cannot forget to do that. >> Yeah. >> Um tomorrow spring forward. So we're going to lose an hour. We're going to lose an hour tomorrow. >> Yeah. >> Well, Sunday actually. >> So it'll be almost 8:00. >> Yeah. >> Well, we can start walking, I guess, a little bit. >> How about you walk with them? I'm going to wait on dad so he doesn't have to carry the two ice cream. >> And if mom wants a cookie, they got them in Norway. You want to go that way instead? that way. Let's go that way. >> They got cookies in Norway. And actually, they're they're different than the other ones, but they're kind of cool cuz they're lightly salted, which you wouldn't think is a good thing, but it fits really nicely. >> All right, so let's go check out the Norway cookies. >> Sweet and salty. >> Okay. Yeah. >> Perfect combination, >> I think. So, uh, this is an S24 Ultra. All right. Well, hi everybody. Sorry it's been a little bit of a a slow start. We've just I I had a late start getting here cuz I needed to take Liam home. and and then we had things to do and then we met a lot of people. So, but we've we still had a very peaceful evening here. Good to see you, Blue Polar. Good to see you, Amy. Arnell, hello. Tony, be even further apart to you. In the UK, arch clocks don't change this weekend. Yeah, there are times when I believe the UK and the US that the time change is 5 hours sometimes and 6 hours other times, I believe, >> which is it's hard to keep track of. So, I just always ask I just always ask Google what time it is in whatever place. >> Um, also apparently, you know, I always forget, but there's a there's the clock app on um the iPhone that will tell you what time it is anywhere as well. So, that's nice. >> Okay, I'm going to go over here and check out this. This is one of my favorite views. And now >> Oh, yeah. >> I know it's been a couple years, but now with all of the construction gone, there's not a giant wall in the way anymore. >> So nice. >> All right, here. Let's go this way. So, >> you can't see it as well as you can during the day. >> No, but it's still >> There we go. No, I'm not going to forget Dad. He's getting food for dinner when uh him are getting Dole Whip. >> Yep. >> So, there you go. >> 5 hours today and Sunday it'll be six. We don't change in Arizona. Much much easier. I wish we wouldn't change either. I think we could just stay on the uh the the the time that gives us more time light more light at night time. >> Oh, I haven't seen this yet. This is interesting. >> It's like a like a luau or something over here. Oh, Moana. Makes sense. Okay. >> Wow. That's uh that's fancy. They really outdid themselves on the topi this year. Oh, they did. >> That's the most I think they've had in a few years. >> Yeah. >> They built a whole hut a hut back there. Very good. That light plays havoc on the camera. The LED lights. Look what it does to the camera. It's flashing. >> Oh, it is. >> It doesn't look like that in real life, but it's flashing on the camera. >> That is weird. I think because what's happening is the camera goes at 30 frames a second and that thing I think refreshes at 50 times a second and I think it that's why it flickers. It doesn't the 50 and the 30 don't agree. >> I have something to show. >> Oh, she um is over I mean I can take it but she's over at the uh the door at stand by the bathroom. >> I forgot I brought her some organic cards. Some stitch ones that uh when they were coming out at the beginning of arts festival Yeah. >> I I told her I had some extra ones that I would give her. Oh, that's so nice. Yeah, if you want to give them to her, she is uh at that the place that is by the bathrooms up there. You know what I'm talking about? >> Awesome. Thank you. >> Okay. >> Later sunset is nice. >> Yes. It out. my official tech talk. Yeah, >> 30 frames versus 50 frames. I'm just guessing on that. I don't really know what the real reason is, but I do know it's a refresh rate difference. >> First time I ever noticed it was in Haunted Mansion. They use some lights that would flicker on the camera, but not in real life. I'll stand and watch the fireworks from a moment. >> All right. I smell smoked food. >> You never know where it's coming from. It just It's strong smells. >> Pickles. Hello. Hey, Joey's World. >> This is the more light at night. It means less spaceship Earth light shows. That is true. >> Yeah. I wish, again, I've been saying this for years since they've had these things. I wish Disney would play the shows on Spaceship Earth after the fireworks while people leave. Again, the shows last about one or two minutes. If it means people stay just a minute or two longer, almost guarantee most most of your casual people will wait till the end of that show and then leave. Hello. I almost guarantee that they will um the people will leave once the show's over. I guarantee it. So >> anyway, so I don't think it would cause backups and they did it for a while, but I think maybe it was like by accident almost like they forgot to turn it off or something. >> If they did that with a mad rush to leave, wouldn't it cause a big traffic jam? I don't think it would. Or what you do, Cardboard Box, is they wait 15 or 20 minutes, they wait, maybe they wait to do it until 9:30 when the mad rush is done >> and then while the more casual people are leaving, you know, then then they have the shows for those people as it they trickle out of the park. I think that might be nice where >> you could literally give it 15 minutes to clear >> and then start them. But no, the shows are one to two minutes. I don't think it would cause too big of an issue. Back when GE back Oh, back during Illuminations, GE had an advertisement on Spaceship Birth. Yep, I remember that. I also remember they used to do a New Year's Eve countdown on Spaceship Earth. They haven't done that laser thing for a while. I'm wondering on American Adventure is where the laser is. I'm wondering the laser is not there anymore. Just doesn't work. Next week, this time it'll still be daylight. Yep. Is true. Very busy back here. Yeah, they're not going to bring illuminations back though. I know it was a good show, but now the globe is gone and >> life has moved on, unfortunately. >> But, you know, I do like Luminous. I think >> in certain ways we have to embrace the future, but I I obviously haven't done that with Horizons. I mean, I don't think anybody will ever say Mission Space with a worthy successor to Horizons. I don't think even Disney wouldn't probably say that. But I do think Luminous is nice. I think it's a good a good show. I think it's well done. I think it's a great mix of Harmonious maybe was a little bit too much on the screens and stuff like that. Even though it was fun, I think it was this is a good mix and it it is viewable from you know the big the big problem with Harmonious was that you couldn't see it the same from everywhere. Whereas this show you can see it from anywhere around the whole lagoon just like Illuminations. It's a 360 show. So AT&amp;T also did a shout out on Spaceship Earth. Yep, they did. Um, AT&amp;T used to have a giant phone at the end of Spaceship Earth and you could call make a long distance call. >> That's right. >> To somebody and the buttons were like a foot, you know, like like 12 x 12. They were almost a foot or 10 inches and you push them. But when you dial, it was hard because you had to a lot of times we use a calling card. And not only did you have to dial the number, you had to dial the calling card number and you had to push those buttons pretty hard. >> You remember that? >> Let's check out the sunset real quick before we go over the Norway. >> They could create a globe hologram. They could. I wouldn't be sad if they played it again sometimes. For sure. >> Yeah. Joy's World. It's good to see you. And that does remind me. >> We'll talk about here in a minute. Look at that. So pretty. All right. So, we're going to head over to Norway and see if we can find a a cookie for mom. >> All the way over there. >> All right. If you guys uh know Mike Wheeler, he's one of our friends of the channel. Actually, first time we met him was over there in Mexico right behind us. Um he's one of our moppers, one of our moderators, but uh unfortunately his mom passed away uh just with within I don't know if a couple Joey's world a couple weeks ago or just recently. So here, let's go behind these guys. But just recently, his mom passed away. Uh because Mike is here, we're going this way. Because Mike is um >> because Mike is blind, uh his mom was his caretaker for a while and plus the house that he lived and everything else. Anyway, Mike um I believe could use a little bit of help and so there's uh there's more information on his channel about how to um how to help him out if you want to do that. >> So um yeah, Joyy's will configure you more on that. I don't know all the details, but Mike is uh in some trouble, so he could use a little help. >> All right. But yeah, he uh I believe it's to the point where he might not have the house anymore if they he doesn't have a little bit of help. So So yeah. So anyway, people can check out his channel. I believe there might be some more information there about that. Yes, the wokei system is um that was awesome. The satellites. Oh, somebody's saying collect call. Yeah, you could you could um you could dodge the system of collect calls by saying uh you could do a collect call to home and say it's it's like who is it and say uh the name would be dad come pick me up and then you refuse the charges and then it's free. >> So Joy's will if you can help with directing people where to go on that that would be great. I think it's pretty serious. So, >> anything you guys can do to help him out, >> but it's compounded even harder cuz Mike, if you guys don't know, Mike was not born blind. He was actually blinded in a car accident. Um, and so he had to learn to survive. way too fast. >> We had to learn how to survive in a in a world of people that can see >> um without being able to see. So, >> so anyway, he's a great guy and yeah. So, so I will probably we'll just order one and I'm not that hungry. So, I will just take a tiny little piece and you can have the rest of it. Chip. Triple chocolate chip cookie. >> Is that okay? >> Well, let's look how big they are and we can decide. You want You want a whole one? That's fine. I probably just need a little bit. >> I remember getting one last time and having trouble finishing it. That's why I said that. >> Hey, Tennessee bear. But yeah, anyway, if anybody knows the information to help out Mike, let's go ahead and post it up. Well, normally, you know, obviously, you know, we try, we don't normally do a lot of that, but Mike has been a good friend for years. So, >> is that chocolate chip cookie down there? >> Maybe. >> It's pretty big. >> Yeah. Yeah, I think it's that one. >> Yeah. >> Triple chocolate chip. Probably. That's why it's so many chocolate chips in it. >> Yes. He was a third generation Disney performer. He did still walking and was a gravedigger. Yeah. He was also a pirate in the pirate adventure parade. Remember they used to have a pirate princess party years ago? And then they had a pirate parade, too. And he was one of the flag people in that parade. be one of the flag performers. >> Thank you. >> Hi. >> Hi. >> Is that the chocolate chip cookie over there? >> Yeah. >> So, we just want one, right? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Just one chocolate chip cookie. >> Yeah. >> Here you go. >> Thank you. Oh, yeah. That's massive. >> We can definitely share that here. I'll let you hold it since I'm holding the stream and then we'll go pay for it. Guys, if you didn't see there, there's the cookies. Look at them right there. >> Hi. >> Would you like anything? >> Uh, no, thank you. I think we're all good. Thank you. >> I can get it. >> Are you sure? >> Yes. >> Okay, I got it. >> That's all good. So, mom's with me right now, but then um Jen and dad are getting a um getting a dole whip. >> Oh, Mike's channel is That Blind Disney Guy. Yep. So, go check it out. There might be information there about how to do it, about how to help him out. Not sure. >> Just the chocolate chip cookie. >> Oh, go the other way with it. >> It's okay. >> Try one more time. See if that'll work. Is it Is it stuck now? >> That's okay. >> We'll do it. >> Perfect. You want a receipt, Mom? >> Uh, no. Thank you. >> Okay. Thank you. Have a good day. >> Yeah, that's a real cookie right there. Here, hold on just a minute. Yeah, >> we'll get outside and we'll may want to grab some napkins here. >> Yeah, good idea. >> All that chocolate, >> it's going to end up on on on u on our faces. >> I'd do a few more than that and I'll put them in my pocket if you need to cuz it's a lot of there's a lot of chocolate on here. >> That's true. >> All right, there you go. Okay, let's go out this way and I'm going to hand it to you and you can you can try it out first. >> Tell us what you think. Mom's been craving a chocolate chip cookie all night. >> Yep. Hi. >> I've been like watching you guys for years, but like I've never seen >> Oh, okay. >> Oh, what's your name? >> Amber. >> Nice to meet you. >> Oh, okay. >> Mommy. >> Yeah. >> So, nice to meet you guys. >> Nice to meet you, too. You having fun? >> Um, I am. This is my first day. I just wanted to do the festival twine and then tomorrow I'm trying to do away. Okay. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> I'm gonna do one um something to eat, something to ride, something to buy, and a picture. >> Okay. >> Yeah, you got this. All right. You can do that. >> Yeah. >> Thank you. >> Of course. >> Yeah. Thanks for watching. >> Oh, you're fine. >> Not at all. >> No problem. Have a good night. >> You too. Enjoy. >> There you go. >> Yep. >> Hello, Josh. Hi. >> How you doing? >> Good. >> Nice to meet you. >> Yeah, we watch you guys all the time. >> Appreciate it. >> Yes, we watch you on the YouTube all the time. >> Thank you. >> How you doing? >> Good. Good. >> Hi. Nice to meet you. >> Say hi. >> All right. Yeah. I just want to say hi. >> I love that. That's awesome. >> We love you. >> We love you. >> Well, thank you. Appreciate that >> you guys for watching from Long Island. I was just up there. >> Adelphia. Adelfia. Adelfi. Yeah, one of those. Whatever it was >> in the cold. Yes, in the cold. >> Yeah. Liam got to feel what? >> What was it? That the coldest was I think it got down to one degree and - 19. >> That snow was supposed to come the day you were playing or >> Liam toughened up real quick though. The first time he felt the the windshield and the cold and then we I had him play with the snow and I forgot to do the gloves with that cuz you know I grew up with snow so I'm like whatever. I knew like you know how your hands sting a little bit. I'm like ready for that. He wasn't so he immediately started crying but he toughened up real quick. I give him credit. He was very I think he was just shocked by it. I've never felt this before. >> Well, we got down to 30, so >> yeah, it was. But anyway, >> have a great day. >> Yeah, nice to meet you guys. Enjoy. >> All right, so um we're going to go out here and maybe we'll head back the other direction to find or um let's find a spot where you can try the cookie where we don't have to walk for a second. Here, >> hang out right there. And then you can Mom's going to tell us how she likes the cookie. Oh, there we found them. >> Found them. >> Check out this cookie. >> Oh, there you are. We couldn't tell you. >> Look at Look at the cookie. >> Oh, wow. >> Oh, wow. >> Amazing chip. >> Oh, good for you. >> That's awesome. Lots of chocolate. >> Oh, that's beautiful. >> Triple chocolate. Hey, there. See how big it is? >> Yeah. >> I told her she'll she'll have some and we'll just share. >> Okay. >> Cuz that's But I'm going to let her try it first. I wasn't that hungry, so I know I wouldn't be able to eat that. So, yeah. So, give it give it a shot. >> Y it was like trying to find you in the store. We were like, "Okay, just buy >> Oh, man. >> It's also very good. >> I'll take a little bit." >> Yeah. I don't I don't need very much. I'm fine with just a little bit. >> We're good, too. We're good, sweetie. >> We had peach go. >> Tasted like orange sherbet with peach. That was really >> Oh, that's really good. I may hand it over to you for a second. >> I don't get I don't get chocolate on the gimbal. >> Hi everybody. >> Smash it up. >> Your favorite. >> I'm glad we I'm glad I didn't get a whole one for myself. >> Yeah. >> But it's really good. >> Yeah. >> Is it milk chocolate or dark chocolate? >> It is semieet. >> Okay. >> The milk. It's not even milk chocolate. It's semieet like the Nestle House. >> Okay. >> Nestle to household. >> Yeah. I tell her that >> that's Phoebe better than Starbucks. >> Taste test >> in some ways cuz there's so much chocolate in it. >> That's true. >> I guess it depends on if you like a lot of chocolate or not. >> You want to eat it in one sitting. It's really rich. >> Okay. It's got a lot of >> sorcerer Mickey says, "I'll take a dozen." >> So, you can have it, but don't don't plan on like scarfing it. You got to take your time. >> Hey, Ryan. >> I have something for you. A >> hold in your hand. You hold the cookie. I'll hold them. >> Oh yeah. Oh, thank you. Oh my goodness. >> I love that. A Thank you. >> That's so cool. The Lorana cards. Thank you so much. You're >> welcome. You're very welcome. >> A Oh my goodness. I love this one. >> That is so cute. >> I think they have some new ones coming out. today. A >> they're come out with like new sets like every day. >> Oh, do they really? So, you're a collector. >> I I collect I don't really play the game, but I >> collect them. Thank you. That's so cool. I'm going to hold on to them so they don't blow away. >> Thank you. Appreciate that. Yes. Thank you so much. That's so kind. >> Yeah, it is. >> I love Stitchy. >> I I don't I'm good. I'm I got a peach flavor in my mouth and I'm thinking chocolate would mess it up. Yeah. Thank you though. >> You know what it used to be? It used to be a different one. It was >> Hey, Rich Rimple. >> All right. That one This one is the triple chocolate. >> Oh, yeah. John for sure. >> Very good. Either way. That is >> Oh, you got to meet Josh with the Maelstrom shirt on. >> Yes, he was just over here. We had >> Oh, what was that? >> Missed it. >> Well, we've been having we've been having several multihopper meetups tonight. >> I love that. I hope everybody like I hate when I can't talk to everybody at the same time, but I want to meet everybody. >> Yes. >> But just Yeah. If I'm already talking to somebody, I I want to make sure I get to talk to everybody. >> It's hard. >> It's hard. It's hard. Especially when it's crowded, too. >> Kind of trying to stay out of the way of the crowd. Yeah. But >> But we're glad. >> But thank you for being patient if we are talking to somebody cuz it >> it I always want to talk to people. I never want anybody to feel like they >> Exactly. >> that we didn't get to talk to. >> 100%. >> So, yep. If you hang out, we'll definitely talk to you. >> Starbucks. You guys get this one. >> Wow. I can't believe how windy it got. >> So, are you guys going to head around with us or you probably going to head out? >> You want to go around? I was going to say it's hard to get back through that. Let's just go on. >> All right, we'll keep going. >> Okay, let's do it. >> It's like merging onto I4. >> Wait, don't merge cookie maintenance. >> Okay, no merging. >> Just one more piece. Oh, okay. I don't need very much. >> Well, we had a great time, Troy. If you missed some of the videos, we've already got two of the videos out over on Adventures of Jenn and Dale. Third one hopefully coming on Sunday. >> So, go check it out. >> We had a great time. I can't wait to go back on a cruise again. But yeah, the layout of this new Disney Adventure cruise reminds me of the Royal Caribbean ones where they've got Watch out where they've got like the >> Central Park area with the >> It was designed as a non-D Disney ship. >> Exactly. >> That makes sense. Don't go too fast. >> Okay. >> Oh, on Elsa. There was a troll over there. >> All right. It's going to be hard to see them all. >> Yep. So, anyways, it it looks beautiful. I hope one day I'm able to to go on it. Here they come. >> Okay, >> let's go over and see Elsa. Okay. And Anna, Elsa's Cape is cool. >> It is very cool. >> I feel like I'm in the run Disney. I got to run across the all the people. >> It really is busy. >> Yep. Uh Mike says, "Josh, I heard what you said. I was on the phone. Thank you so much for those kind words." >> Oh, for sure. Mike, are you able to post the link to your um support page? Um, I was just telling him how he's in a tough spot. His mom passed away and >> Yeah, >> that's not looking good for the house and things and so I don't know if anybody posted it, but it's that it's that it's that blind Disney >> Yes, >> that blind Disney guy >> guy. Yep. >> Yeah, it's right there. That blind Disney guy. >> The blind Disney guy. >> The the blind not that the blind Disney guy. Um, if you don't know Mike, he's been with us for a long time. Um Oh, there it is right there. Okay, Tim Rimple, thank you so much. So, yeah. >> Yep. There you go. So we would, you know, we we met Mike back there. I was Tom at Mexico for the first time. >> We sure did. >> I believe his mom was with him, I believe. No, she wasn't that time. >> Forget who it was with him, but it wasn't Yeah, it wasn't. >> No, it was one of his friends, I think. >> Yeah. >> But either way, um, yeah, just one of those things where sometimes you can't plan for that kind of stuff. And you never >> just need a little help. >> Never do, that's for sure. >> Yes. All right. Ming back. Uh, the amazing Jaylen Moxley, congrats on 28 months of Resort Hopper Platinum. Hey, Josh and Jenna. Just wanted to let you guys know that I pre-ordered the S26 Ultra on for on February 25th. My new phone show up today, March 6th, and now my phone is set up. Now, I need to figure out how to use it. Are you guys going to get one? Uh, asking. >> There may have been one that showed up my house today also. >> Maybe, maybe. Thank you, Jaylen, for being a platinum member for 28 months. That is so very kind of you. We really appreciate it. And that's awesome. Congrats on your new phone. >> There may be a uh there may be a test of that tomorrow. >> Test test. >> I got to see if it works first at home. >> Uh that was my friend Cassie. And next month we're actually celebrating 20 years of friendship. Oh, very cool. >> How fun. >> She uh me and her train together in entertainment. >> This is like New Year's Eve, Jenna. >> It is nuts. It is like New Year's Eve. The >> only difference is there's no dragon over there. >> Yeah. No dragon, no music. >> Like New Year's Eve almost. >> Really? this thick. >> Lots of animals. >> So many. So many. >> All right. >> Wow. This wind. >> Yeah. I'm glad we got the ears on the camera. >> Me, too. >> Now, the question is, are your ears batten down on your head? >> I know. I'm like, every once in a while I'm like, I got to grab them in case I don't want them to fall off. >> You just got them, right? >> I did. These are the new ones. Yeah, I had to. Spike the bee. You know, he's one of my faves. >> Yeah, I know. >> First pair of ears with Spike ever. >> That reminds me. I have a card. I have another Lana card for you. A >> um from uh >> Dr. Gonzo. >> Oh, that's very kind. >> He's very into it, too. >> Oh, cool. >> And he found some stitch ones for you as well. >> I love that. Thank you so much, Dr. Gonzo. And to Shaggy, of course. >> So bad about like remembering to bring stuff. >> It's okay. I remembered something for you that came in the PO box. >> Something computer related. >> Wow. >> I don't know. I don't know what it is. You're going to know, though. >> I probably will. >> I'll get it to you when we're done. >> Thanks. >> Yeah. resort budgeting. That's funny. >> So, this was kind of fascinating because I've been doing the I've been was messing with uh the AI video generation a little bit cuz I my computer actually does it, which it's kind of surprising. >> Yeah, >> this it's like a lot of the parts on my computer like five or six years old. So, I didn't think it would do it. >> Yeah, >> it does. But then when they do we did the Horizon's video, >> um they did the upscaling and stuff because it's such a long video. It took what do they say? Rob said they ran for like two or three days. >> Wow. >> It took that long to process the little bit. >> Wow. >> That's crazy. >> You didn't have to put the computer in a different room. When mine does that, it heats up the room. Like you can feel it. It actually runs real hot. >> I bet it does. >> He is. Jay. Yes. He's having a great time. >> That makes sense. >> I wouldn't be able to wouldn't be able to sleep anywhere near it. >> Yeah. Hi, Matt. Put a fan directly on the computer. >> Yeah. >> Put an air conditioner by it. >> There you go. Portable. portable one. Yeah, >> that's where we s one time over the corner. >> Watching the fireworks. >> Yeah, we sure did. >> We lost that video. >> Fireworks, right? >> I believe we have >> that one. >> Oh. >> Uh there's one there's one cuz um >> there's some more merch over here. >> There's one where our brother said um when they first started in front of ours, you could hear him say, "That's fire." >> Excited. >> That's so funny. I love it. That's fire. I mean like literally >> Oh, these are so cute. They got >> Now they say fire instead of cool. >> Oh yeah. Fire on top. >> Yeah. >> Love that. >> Oh, I love the one with the Mickey. That's my >> Mickey uh is a Mickey a Mickey. >> A Mickey. I like Mickey Ari's >> I'm from the UK. Looks beautiful. Yeah, it is beautiful. >> Beautiful. Beautiful. I heard they're hard to do. I don't know. I just heard that. Yeah. Don't know if they are. >> Well, you probably have to have enough time to really like you couldn't just leave it alone. You have to you'd have to make sure and >> you really got to care for it. >> Tend to it every day. >> $71. >> 71. All right. >> Oh, listen. Hear it. >> You'd have to keep moist. >> What am I hearing? >> Dancing. >> I was playing Dancing Queen right now. >> That's a great song. >> Get over there. >> Okay. >> We might not be on time, but >> it starts again. Or did it just start? >> No, it >> last show's at 8. >> Yeah. >> Okay. They uh they put the uh or it was just echoing off one of the buildings. I just happened to hear it like bounce off the building. >> I heard something. Oh, they got some artwork still. >> Love that. >> Honey, >> there's Tangled. >> Yeah. >> Have you done any of this year's scavenger hunts? Not yet, Meredith, but I bought my Spike the Bee one because the the prize is amazing this year and I didn't want it running out. But stay tuned. We'll be doing the the Spike the Bee scavenger hunt here maybe next week. If not next week, then the following week for sure. >> I already got it ready. >> Oh, I found a uh I'll tell you more after, but I found a I found a couple >> Mickey Chia Pets. >> Mickey found a couple legitimate free good video editing apps. >> Okay. >> Cuz I had one that Premiere Pro won't handle a certain type of file. Like we download our live streams, the file that it normally downloads as, Premiere Pro won't. So if I want to edit something out of a live stream, >> it's a pain. I got to render it into a different format and then Premiere Pro will talk to it. I'm like, so I started looking up programs that would do that and there's a couple. It's like this is just as easy and it's free. >> Yeah. >> So, we may have to we may switch. >> All right. >> At least I may. I don't know. Save 50 60 bucks a month. >> I know. Hi, Kit. >> Have to learn another system. But if it's free forever. >> Yeah. We'll see. >> Um, Dad, we need you to name all the doors. Are you ready? >> We need this. >> Sloopy. >> Sloopy. >> Sloopy. >> My favorite one. Sloopy. >> Sloopy. >> Sloopy. There's Sloopies, Nosy, Sneezy, >> Nosy. >> There's Grandpa. I am too grandpa. >> Grandpa's the same. >> Grandpa Grandpa Dorf. >> I'd have to see my shirt to see what they >> Well, he he I know he said Dumpy and Lumpy. >> Yeah, Dumpy and Lumpy. >> Dumpy, lumpy. >> I was trying to think the one with the big cheeks. >> That's right. Bubbles. I don't >> Bubbles. >> Bubbles. >> Bubbles. >> Oh, bubbles. >> Bubbles. That's a big mama. >> That's a new one. >> I was going to say Snoopy is the Christmas one. Yeah. >> Snoopy. >> Snoopy. >> Oh yeah. >> Oh my goodness. >> Yeah. >> Snoopy or Loopy. >> Sloopy and Loopy. >> Snoopy and Loopy. >> Um and then uh what you said the >> big >> That's Bashful. >> He's red face. That's Sleepy. >> Well, >> one's got big cheeks somewhere. >> That's Doc. >> Uh the big cheeks one. This guy right here. Bashful. Bashful. >> Who's the one on the end? >> Yeah. Who's that guy? >> Bashful. Oh, >> that that's ally. >> I know. It's sneezy. >> About to sneeze. >> Yeah, he's got a caterpillar on his nose. >> Caterpillar is so happy. >> Sloopy is my favorite. >> Snosy. Yeah. >> My favorite is still cheeky. >> Oh yeah. Cheeky. >> Cheeky. >> I could sneezy. Bashful. Sleepy. >> Hey, Jose. How are you? Welcome in. >> Oh, they got little dinos. >> All dad's dwarfs sound like they belong in the house of Slytherin. They do. >> Big jewels. >> Oh, that's cool. I don't think I saw that. >> I know. >> So, you can tell it's sleepy cuz his eyes are half closed. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> My favorite is still Obi-Wan Kenopi. >> Opie. Yeah. OP. >> He's over there by Snow White. >> It's Opie. >> Opie. Opi1 Kenopi. >> That's the one. >> Plymouth Rock says big cheeks. Isn't that Chip and Dale? Mhm. >> All right, let's go over here and look at Opie. >> So, that's Happy, >> Happy >> and Grumpy. >> Grumpy and Doc. >> Yeah. >> And here's OP1 Kenopi. >> Opi1 Kenopi, >> better known as Dopey. >> We're sitting on the marks of the bench here at the Polly waiting to get into Trader Sam's. Oh, very fun. John, >> somebody was emailing me and said, "Oh, they're in your spot." I was like, "But actually, sorry. You can still stand." But actually >> over here. >> Yes. Yeah, we do like this spot. This is a good spot. Mhm. Cuz now these are in your way, but >> a little bit. You can still go over a little further. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Oh, is the boat still running? >> Yeah. >> Last boat departs at 7:30. >> Yep. 10 more minutes. All righty. Let's keep on going around. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. So, these have been put in. >> Hi, David. >> Yeah. Are the banners up in the train set? Uh, >> I haven't looked this year. Let's go check. >> Hey guys. >> Hi. How are you? >> Can we say hi? >> Of course. >> Couple of guys before. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How are you guys? >> How you doing? >> Good. Mom and dad 15 minutes away. >> Winter gardenard like literally three the house is three miles from the back end cuz it's off the west. >> Oh, that's amazing. >> I know where that is. They're in >> So our first our first day we got an annual pass and we ran into these guys. We never met them before. Now we're best friends. >> It's their anniversary. >> Do you want to say hi on the street? >> They're besties and and we're pretty close. >> Hi everybody. Oh no. Remind me your names. >> I'm Neil. >> Chuck. >> Chuck. >> Tim. >> Steve. >> Awesome. Did I run into you guys one time at Universal? >> I remember. Yes. >> He He's just following you guys live. That's how we found home. >> Yes. That's right. Yeah. That was a fun It was HHN, right? >> Yes. >> Uh-huh. Very cool. Good to see you guys. Thank you so much. Welcome to Florida. >> Yeah. >> Awesome. Well, >> we missed the blizzard. Good for you. >> I'm glad you did. >> I love that. That's awesome. >> Anytime you're not shoveling, you're you're >> agreed. >> You did it more than I did, but I did some. >> We had way too much snow. >> No snow blowers yet. I guess >> Well, cool. Good to see you guys and welcome to Florida. Of >> course. Have a good night. Nice to have you here. Take that. >> I'm going to check I'm going to check the banners here. Go, go, go. Frogger. >> Oh, there it is. Okay. And it's flower garden. >> I love that little detail that they do. >> There you go. >> Super fun. >> Tim says, "I know them." Lol. >> Yeah, very nice people for sure. >> The new phone has a lot better zoom camera. It'll work even better in the dark. >> Oh, okay. >> And main and ultra wide. All of it's supposed to be better. We'll see. >> 2,300 people in the chat, too. >> Hello, 2,300 people. >> Thanks, everybody. Um, >> okay, we did it. >> All right. >> It's these banners. Some of these banners. >> Yeah. >> What they have in there? >> So, they got these in the miniature. >> They always put the banners for the festival in the downtown. Ain't that cute? >> On the lamp post there, >> town center. >> The those banners, >> this banner is also down there. Guys, I bet we can get some more bops on that like button. We've got uh 863 and 2300 people. >> Yeah. >> Pop the like button. Subscribe if you're new. Hi, Matt. Hi, Ryan. >> I don't see the one. Maybe there's They're looking over there, but I guess I still want to see them. Oh, no. There's one. >> Oh, coming. >> There it comes. >> Takes a while to go all the way around. >> Sometimes they have two people that meticulously maintain this stuff. You'll see them out whenever. >> Oh, there's one up here. >> Making sure the walks are off the track. Making sure it's all working. >> I love when there's giant lizards. >> Giant lizards. >> Yes. Pop that like. Thank you so much. >> No, you're right. >> Also, go check out mickey travels.com. >> Yeah. Can you say hi? >> It's good to meet you. >> This is Daddy's friend. >> A She's so cute. >> Now you're shy. I love her. >> You were hoping we watched the video to find them. >> I was stalking you guys. >> All good. >> Yeah, we worked together. They asked me earlier today when I had he was like, "Can I come say hi?" I was like, "Absolutely. How was the concert?" >> Actually, we saw the first two shows. They were really, really good. >> I love your dress. Do you like Stitchy? >> Do you like Stitch? >> I do. >> That's her favorite. Stitch. >> By the way, this is my sister. Hi, Jenna. This is James. >> Jenna. Nice to meet you. >> Yeah. What's your name? Now you're shy. >> You were saying how much you wanted to find them. >> A do you want to say hello on or no? >> Probably not. >> Say hello to the followers. >> That is totally up to you. You don't even have to. Not required at all. All good. >> Yeah, I'm okay with it. >> All right. >> Up to you. >> Yeah. You want to say hi? >> Say hi to James and >> say hi. >> Hello. >> Say hi. >> Say hi. >> There we go. We got >> Hope you're having fun. >> Did you see Aba? Was it fun? Did you dance? >> Were you a dancing queen? >> I bet you did dance. >> I would have danced. >> Byebye. >> Good to see you, brother. >> See you later. >> We'll see you Monday. >> Bye. Oh, she's cute. >> All right. >> So, I'm going to hand this back to you for a moment. >> This is nuts. >> Okay. >> All right. Ready? >> I'm just going to start walking forward and we'll just see what happens. >> Get behind me. >> We can't cross yet. No, we're going to have to in a minute. Hold on. We got this. >> We're just going to go like this. >> Once he's done. >> All right. Ready? >> Oh my gosh. Look at this. >> Like New Year's Eve. >> Good job. >> That's what I do when it's really busy. I stay in >> Shaggy Freak. We just saw he says, "27 months of Opera Silver." Wow. It was great to see you all again. Hope this hope you enjoy the cards. Yes. Thank you so much. >> Thank you very much. Very kind. >> Thank you. Thank you. >> Jester, I've been watching you since the start of the pandemic. Can't tell you both how much I appreciate time uh to taking the time to do what you do. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. I can read. I promise. >> Oh, is that the line for the next show? >> Very popular. >> It's also a super busy night, but yes, that's pretty cool. Good for them. You're >> right. >> So funny. I should have told it with him there, but funny funny James story. >> Okay. >> So, he works at school, like I said. and he was helping set up for an event and it was like the event needed to be Hey guys. >> What's that? >> No, we we're just we're just now getting up here. >> They're really good. >> That's what we just talked to some friends that said the same thing. Hi. >> Hey. There they all are. >> You guys want to say hi on the stream? >> Got the whole crew here. and Miss Disney fan. >> Disney. >> Yeah. I'm going to have to see if I can see if I can uh >> check that out. I don't know. What is it? This is a crazy line. >> Have you heard them yet? >> I just we we were over by Germany and I heard the echo of dancing queens. >> Oh, wow. >> I have to check it out. >> This is my music. This is from my time. >> This my music right here. >> Yeah. Shut it. >> They got to be good. They're Swedish. I'm 100%. Yeah. >> Yeah. Dad's 100% Swedish. >> They're really good. >> 70s was a good time. >> Yeah. >> Oh, the 80s and 90s were no slouch, though. >> 80s. '8s is my favorite. >> Yeah. The ' 80s, if I had to pick a decade. 70s pretty good, though. >> M80s. Yeah. Well, what we may we're not going to wait in the line, but we may uh we may stop by the backside and check them out. >> Back back side of concert. >> Hi. >> Good. You enjoy the >> Hey, how you doing? >> Good. How are you? >> Good. How you been? >> Good. You too. >> Took them all. >> Got your dessert there. I see. >> You got the Norway. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah, we were we got one of the giant like four 5,000 chocolate chip cookies in there. >> Oh, those are awesome. >> So, mom was wanting chocolate chip. I was like, I think I know the place for that besides Starbucks was out the door. So, I'm like, let's try this other thing. >> This is like the special for the >> How fun. >> Lemon ble something like that. >> Oh, what is it? It's a lemon ble from Norway. >> It looks good. Yeah. >> Like a cream filled. >> Yeah. >> Okay. It has to be that. That's what makes it good. >> Yeah. Awesome. >> Okay. >> All right. We'll figure that out. >> We're gonna we're going to head on down the road a little bit, but it's good to see you guys and we'll we may we may be back. We'll see. >> See you guys. >> All right. So, so funny funny James story. So, we were getting ready to set up for an event and he was helping move the equipment and get set up and he um it was like really hectic for some reason. I can't even really remember why it was so hectic, but I it was very crowded and I happened to be right in the path of where he needed to be. >> And normally he would say, "Excuse me, you know, whatever." Instead of doing that because he is much bigger than me, he literally just picked me up and moved me over to the side. >> And by the time he put me back down, I was like, "Oh, >> what just happened?" >> And he went on his way. We laughed about that so much. He's like, "I'm so sorry." I was like, "No." It was like something had spilled like it was like an emergency. And he I couldn't get out of the way fast enough. You to join us for Luminous, the Symphony of Us, a dazzling fireworks spectacular featuring fountains, lights, and electrical music that celebrates the magic that happens when our voices sound together in a simply performed. People can join us for the Ah, Tim, I'm sorry. >> Glad that I tried the school bread last time. Not too sweet. Most like the coconut there. Okay. Could you please tell my daughter Haley happy birthday? She turns 21 on Sunday. Happy birthday, Haley. >> Happy birthday, Haley. >> Happy happy birthday. Oh, that's it. >> Do you What is Is that the Chi-Chi song? No. What was the Chi-Chi song? >> I don't know. I can't think of a >> remember they had the clapping thing. >> Yes. No, I remember >> I heard for a while that somebody was going to bring Chi-Chi's back, but it never happened. >> Do you want to just stay with >> or you want to >> Well, we've got >> We might even be able to just squeeze. >> We got 29 minutes, so let's let's walk a little more. >> Is Dale volunteering at Arnold Palmer? Why can't I say Arnold? I don't know why I can't say Arnold. >> Well, Arnold and Palmer is kind of >> I always say Arnold like a lnold, >> but then it sounds like I can't say my because of the Palmer. You're getting ready to say Palmer, >> right? I'm saying Arnold Palmer in the same word and it's not working. >> So, yes, he is. >> And he's loving it. >> Is it going on right now? >> Um, yeah. He was there yesterday and today. >> Nice. >> Yeah, it is. for sure. >> Is this group coming? >> This Ricky Martin. >> Uh, no, definitely not. >> Who is Who is this? >> 98 degrees, isn't it? >> Oh. Oh, 98 Degrees. Yeah. Yeah. That'd be cool to see. >> Yeah, they're always >> What are the other really big name groups that are coming? Because this is a this is a not real aba. This is a tribute, but they're really good apparently. >> Um, >> Simple Plan is going to be here Sunday and Monday. Oh, I've always loved Simple Plan. >> Uh, Smashmouth. >> Yeah, Smashmouth is always fun. >> Sugar. >> And then some other bands that I don't know. >> Yeah. >> Seagull size. >> The what? >> Flock of seagulls. >> That one. >> It is unreal right now. >> Give me just one night. >> Know it nuts. No that you know that is 98 degrees. You're right. I forgot. >> I don't >> Dale was walking with Jordan Sp. Wow. I even I know his name. Is it Speed or Sp? I think it's Sp. >> I think the I is silent. >> Are you guys going to keep going then? Is that your plan? >> I think so. >> Probably. So, >> give me just one night. >> All right. for the >> stuck in my head now. >> Beautiful. >> Oh my gosh. Yeah, the Okay, so the regular line, >> although it does often line up to this Japan booth down here. Yeah, even for candlelight. >> They will let all of them in before they let anybody in standby in >> cuz they pay. >> They paid. Yeah, they paid. Although I did it for candlelight one time. I did um so it wasn't that expensive for the uh China restaurant. >> Okay. >> Yeah. Dale and I did this for um Toby Mac. >> Oh, >> but we did the fasting. >> Oh, yeah. If you get here early enough, you can do that on Sunday. Some days they don't offer it. >> Yeah, they were doing it that day. Whatever it was. >> Yeah. >> Oh, they got I might need just one night. Love. >> I heard it's a little different. >> That's a flower garden staple, by the way. >> It is. >> Fi that we just passed Don and Arjgon. Oh, that's funny. I did not see them. >> Must have been in the line. I guess >> I guess Don and Arjons were back there. I did not see them. They were in the line. I guess >> I did did not see them. >> Somebody waved, but I couldn't tell who it was. Is >> that Richard? >> Not sure. >> There we go. All right. We can go back if you want or we can keep going. Do something about 80s music being better than the 70s. All contrary, Epcot. Bob says, "I love I love uh love the '8s. I think they're just different. >> It depends on what you grew up with. But >> the 70s is very chill. A lot a lot of it. The '8s is very electronic. >> Yeah. >> Which is I don't know. To me, it's there's just I will say I will I will go on a limb and say this. The '8s is probably one of the one of the most if not the most unique music decade. Like you know how like it's just so iconic. >> The sound of it. Everybody knows exactly when you say '8s. They know exactly what that sounds like. Like there's no a 70s is too disco and stuff is pretty iconic, but just 80s as a decade is just such a like you can load up an 80s playlist immediately if you search any music service. >> There is a relaunch in Minnesota which is still open. Nice. All right, we got to ask them what their birthday song is. >> Okay. >> Happy happy birthday. It was It's not that. It's not that. >> It's not also not This is your birthday song. It isn't very long. Hey, it's not that either. >> '8s music is special. Yep. >> You know, I have those in my head and I can't >> I know that that's exactly right. Every time I start trying to do it, I get happy happy birthday. That's all I can do. The little the little inside out guys in my head are like, "That's all we got. That's all we got. I look for the other marble. It ain't there. Sorry about >> I do hate disco. Bob says that you got me there." Oh boy. They're >> having a good time. >> Good old time. >> It's a wild night at Epcot. >> Flower and Garden Festival brings out the party animals. >> Jay says, "My kids love 80 m ' 80s music as well as me. Yeah, a lot of my students actually are pretty fond of 80s. >> It's coming back. Well, it's just it's very luckily a lot of the younger generation, not all, but a lot of them really do appreciate retro stuff. >> I think because >> their parents >> their parents do. And I think there's sort of a reaction to some of the AI stuff that people are like seeing that and going, "Okay, I'm like kind of yearning for simpler times." >> Like some people are getting record players and different things. >> I love the fact that people are buying record players. That's cool. I don't have one, but I love that >> Jesse and Julian have one. And for Julian's birthday, that's all he wanted. So they went to a record store. >> What's that? >> Oh my gosh. >> And Julian, they have a record player. And all he wanted for his birthday were records. So they went to a record store. >> Yeah. >> Let me come over here real quick. Um >> I do too. >> It is cool. >> Is it a new record? >> So >> I think it's old, but I'm not sure. >> I got Mike Wheelers on here and says to all who donated so far and shared, thank you guys so much. Not easy using speech detection. You're crying. A Mike, we love you. >> Thank you guys for supporting Mike. And if the moppers want to post it one more time just in case somebody missed it, >> that would be appreciated. Again, nobody ever has to do anything, but and Mike would say the same thing, but you know, if you feel inclined to do so, I know he appreciates it. >> Oh, for sure. >> Just again, the the story, if you missed it earlier, is uh Mike is blind. Uh he was not born that way. He was blinded in a car accident. um and he's been a member of our community for a long time. >> And he um he has been, you know, under the care of of several friends, but also his mother who just passed away. >> Um and now because of a lot of the things happening, they're having trouble getting the bills in the house paid and everything else to make sure he still has a place to live, plus maybe somebody to help take care of him and things like that. So, there's just a lot of things that's up in the air right now. And uh any way you guys could help is great. Obviously, we don't normally do this, but it's kind of a emergency type of situation. That's why we why we uh agreed to bring it up. So, so anyway, all right guys, but um so yeah, that is that is what that was about if you're curious. So, um we did help Mike a few years ago, too. He had a a cane, a specialized cane that would like um it was like a sensor cane. would like vibrate whenever he was nearing a crosswalk and all these things where >> it would help him so he could walk without u >> assistance >> without an assistance either a person or you know like they have a dog sometimes with a um somebody that's blind but the cane it's kind of revolutionary cuz it's allowing people like Mike to be more independent and be able to see and and walk around town more safely >> so so that's good worked at two and both had different songs I believe the chi song was happy happy happy birthday. H happy happy happy birthday. Happy happy happy birthday. >> Happy happy happy birthday to you. You o >> I'm getting the rhythm wrong though. It's not the rhythm. >> Hi. >> Hello. >> How are you? >> Good. >> Hi. >> Nice to see you guys. >> Yeah, you too. >> Yeah. Having fun tonight? >> No. Now you're all shy. >> Wow. You've gotten so tall, too. >> I know. It's crazy, right? >> Yeah. How crazy? I'm sure you're tall, too. I just I I can't tell. >> Are you almost as tall as your sister? >> I don't know. >> The doctor says I will. >> I'm sure will be. >> That's awesome. >> How you guys doing? Good. >> We're good. >> Well, we should go say hi. We're walking by. That's awesome. >> Have a good night, guys. >> Hey, it's good to see you. Enjoy. Bye. >> We may start heading back towards the concert. You want to? Or do you want to go further on? Yeah. >> All right. We'll go back towards the concert. >> Guys, be careful. >> Oh, we will. I think we'll go ahead and >> that way you're not stuck in the crowd at the very end of the night. >> There'll be less people leaving right now. >> We will. Maybe she'll she'll have more cookies when we get back. >> Not really. >> More cookies. >> Well, thanks for joining us for a while. >> Thank you. >> That was fun. >> Yeah. All right. the car. >> Okay, we'll let you know. >> Yes. >> Okay, >> we'll let you know. Yeah, that's just turn cycle. Turn circle. Full circle. >> Yeah. When are you going to get home? >> Bye, everybody. >> Bye. Love you guys. >> Bye. >> All right. So, we're going this way. >> So, yeah. To you. To you. To you. Olay. That That was the part I remember. >> And I remember clapping, but I can't remember the rhythm to happy happy birthday. There's three of them. Happy happy happy birthday. Yep. I don't know. I'll have to look it up. I'll have to look it up on the uh on the YouTubes. And if it wasn't for this community, I wouldn't have been able to donate to eight individuals that I did not know receive a Wei Walk smart cane. Yeah. So, that was the thing. So, we raised money not only for Mike, I mean, not just us, but several people in the community for eight other people to get a Weiwalk cane. That's the one that we're talking about where it's again especially made using modern technology and things to make sure that these uh people who can't see blind people are are able to walk without uh any kind of assistance across the street especially, >> but just anywhere in general. It warns them of something. It vibrates if something's in front of them. Like say they're walking towards this sign, >> right? and you get close and it would just be likez and it would tell them to to and you know slow down and go around or you know whatever. But yeah, that's that's pretty cool. I I think that's right, Mike. You can correct me if I'm wrong. >> On top of it, now I'm now an ambassador for WeWalk. Well, that's super cool, dude. That's super cool, buddy. I love that. >> I just waved goodbye to mom and dad as if they could see me. Uh but they appreciate it anyway, >> for sure. >> To you, too. U T U O. >> I do remember that part. >> There was another one somebody posted. >> I remember that one. >> But you would get a burger. >> Yep. >> I love that. >> And then they stopped doing that, which makes sense cuz the Mexican place >> just eat the chips. >> He would eat the chips. Well, then I started eating the chips, too. >> Yes. >> And so I would eat chips and they have these really good spicy French fries. And so I would eat chips and French fries. Yeah. Spicy spicy French. Oh, there's a spike shirt. >> I know. Isn't it cool? >> Wow. >> I love it. I tried to talk dad into buying >> a spike shirt. >> Plants. >> Uh, the weiw walk can also tell you where the nearest restroom bus stop, too. That's cool. I love that. I figured there was more to it than that. I just didn't know all of it. That is super cool. Super super cool. I love it. Oh, they got the bonsai trees back out. >> Oh, I always love that. Happy birthday to you. >> I got to look. I'm going to look it up now. >> Ole. >> I got to look it up. >> Okay. Chi-chi's birthday song. It is a very long. >> Yeah, voice detect failed on that. It put CeCe's. >> There we go. Happy. Okay, I got it now. I got it now. Happy happy birthday. Happy happy happy birthday. Happy happy happy birthday to you. To you. To you. Olay. That's it. >> I missed some of the notes, but you get the point. >> You get the rhythm. >> It's a variation on this on the, you know, it's the same melody in different in different pitch levels. Happy happy birthday. Happy happy happy happy birthday. Happy happy happy happy birthday to you to you. To you. Olay. I got it better that time. I don't have a piano or anything to start me off. Not Not that they did anyway. All right. So, uh yes, mickeyras.com, our awesome sponsor. If you want to book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World or any other Disney park or cruise, just check out uh mickeyras.com. Yeah, go check out mickeyras.com. Oh, that's a good old 80s song. You hear it? >> Oh, Caribbean Queen. That was um Billy Ocean. >> I know. >> Caribbean Queen. >> So, mickeyras.com. Go check it out. >> I don't remember much about the >> I got it. Nailed it. >> Good job. >> Billy Ocean. That is Billy Ocean. So, go check it out. Mickeytravels.com to book your next trip to Disney. Mickeyblog.com for all the latest Disney news. >> You got it. Yeah, >> you just want to stand out here. >> I don't care. >> Let's go look. >> Oh, wham is great. Yes. Yep. >> Yeah. Always the first Friday of Flower and Garden is any festival is crazy. Disney knows what they're doing with these festivals. That is for sure. people go cray cray for them. >> No. Oh, no. I don't think so either. >> I've never met Michael. >> The question is, is this are these the best spots here or are there more more better? Are there more better? Are there more better spots? >> Anything else to do the Rick Springfield? I don't know. We'll see. We'll see. >> I don't do a lot of concerts just cuz people don't like to watch them. >> So, actually, somebody sent me an email um cuz I'd asked several times on the stream why the numbers always went down on the concerts and somebody sent me an email and explained it, at least from his point of view, very kindly. Sure. >> Because I asked. >> Okay. >> He said it's not anything against you guys or anything. He said, "When I'm watching, >> I want to see I'm I'm stuck at my desk all day. I feel trapped. And when I watch you guys walk around the park that I feel, you know, free. Yes. >> When I'm sitting at a concert or you're sitting at a concert or watching a music, I feel trapped again. So I turn it off or watch somebody else because I want to be walking around. >> They don't want to be sitting in the same place. So that is why that happens. >> So >> at least for some people and some people do like the concerts, too. >> And it's not that we're never going to >> No, no, no. And that's why I told this this guy, he was very nice. I said, "Well, I guess that just means if I if we want to watch one, we just watch it and don't worry about it." >> And he said, "Yeah." He said exactly that's what you have to do. So yeah, but he was like I just want to tell you why I why from my perspective I might stop watching on that at that point. >> I mean I'm just walking around. >> Don't ever lose your hot pad holder as a server. Grounds for dismissals. Wow. >> The Chi-Chi songs I've been working on the railroad basically. It's almost almost >> kind of like this is 98°. >> My coworker recently went to Disney. Was telling another co-orker how there was a ride in every country of Epcot. I quickly fact checked her. I love that her coworker was telling everybody there was a you know how people that don't really know about Disney but then they act like an expert. Her coworker was doing that said, "Yeah, there's a ride in every country in Epcot." She said, "I quickly fact checked her. There is absolutely not a ride in every country at Epcot." That is false. >> There's more countries that don't have a ride. >> Yes, there's only two that do. >> Survey says that's that's a lie, right? and garden in just 10 minutes. >> No, we haven't gone on any rides, guys. Sorry. >> I'll do some tomorrow. A tribute to the band from favorites like Dancing Queen and Take a Chance on the starts in just 10 minutes. >> Yeah, we're not going to be able to see. They're just going to be able to hear. It's fine. Unless there's something better down the way, but I doubt there is now. >> What? >> No, we'll just watch a little bit. >> That works either way. I'm trying to see. Yeah. Okay. You got 10 minutes anyway. >> Oh, three countries with rides. Yep. Fact check. Sorry, I forgot about Ratatouille. How could I forget that? There used to be two, now there's three. Hey, let's go down to Let's just go down to see what the line looks like. We might be able to get in. >> There's a decent number of seats still open. >> Maybe. No, there's like several rows at the back. So maybe maybe I underestimated. If not, I think around. >> Yeah, that's fine, too. >> No, look. Here's the end of the line. >> Let's just try it. And we can leave that. We're in the back. We can leave out the back anyway. >> What about you? >> Oh, that's true. >> I want to hear, >> but we'll see what the first couple are and we'll go from there. >> Thank you. Out of curiosity, where did you guys come up with the the uh name Resort TV 1? Oh, yeah. We've said it, but not, you know, not every time. So, you definitely could have missed it. Basically, um I used to only post Resort TV because I just really loved that and I wanted to watch it on my Apple TV and then we started doing I started doing like hotel tours and stuff like that. Um and then that came that turned into live streams and vlogs and whatever. But, um when I when it was time we got enough subscribers to like pick a name for the channel, um at that point you had to have you had to have like at least a thousand to pick a name. We didn't need to be in the line. No. >> Anyway. >> Yeah. >> See? >> Wow. It was a waste of time getting in the line. There was just a bunch of other people that got in at the last minute. Anyway, the point is we um >> not safer wheelchairs than you. >> Yeah. Yeah. We got to go down the other way. So, >> anyway, so then I started doing resort TV, but then I that was not available on Google. So, I added a one and I thought, "Oh, it sounds like a real TV station." Resort TV one. Like New York One or >> Yeah. Oh, there's plenty down there. >> Yeah. It's just everybody was down on the other side. >> Oh, they're going to be here, too. >> Oh, yeah. I think somebody was calling for us. Oh, hi. >> How you doing? >> How's it going? >> How y'all doing? >> Good. >> I'm doing all right. >> Yeah. having fun. >> What's that? >> You want to join us or >> I don't know. She She wasn't paying attention. Well, we can >> We can probably go down. We'll probably go down. Good to see you guys. >> Plenty of room. >> How's it going? >> All right, here we go. >> What's that? >> There's a tree. >> Lot of trees. Lot of trees. >> I would still go under shade, but they need to get rid of the trees and put a cover. >> Yep. Why don't we just >> Sure. >> That'll work. >> Yeah. >> Oh yeah. Welcome to the America Gardens Theater for tonight's Garden Rock concert series featuring the one, the only direct from Sweden, The Music of Abba. Buckle in and jam out as they perform some of their greatest hits just for you. How cool is that? The concert will start in just 5 minutes. Thank you. Do >> you ship Resort TV1 merch internationally? Um, we don't actually ship it. It's a Teespring and and um and um Spreadshirt that do it, but I think they they do ship internationally. So, should be okay. All right. So, we'll see. Um we'll see how it goes. Just stay tuned and >> we don't have to we don't have to watch all of it, but we'll see how it goes. I've seen several tripods the last few weeks. I always thought those weren't allowed. So, the tripods are allowed. Actually, tripods have always been allowed as selfie sticks that are not allowed, which is what this always gets. Um gets >> I've gotten so many people recently saying those aren't allowed. >> Yep, I know. >> Anyway, so that's that's a whole thing. But yeah, the selfie stick, the difference is the selfie stick is um is extends whereas this one doesn't. So So yeah. Well, that works. >> Don't forget to subscribe if you're new. We might actually get off of the 213,000 eventually. It's been like 3 months. >> Yeah. Subscribe. Subscribe. >> We're at 213,812. So, it actually has gone up. >> Keep subscribing, everybody. >> No, you're good. Get behind. We'll see. We could scoot over a little bit. We're good. All right. >> Exactly. That's what we said. As long as Oh yeah. >> 75. >> Oh wow. That's nice. >> Nice. I'm sorry. What? >> Florida man. >> Hey guys, Florida man. >> It's not going to focus, but it's funny. >> Whatever. Florida I I'll read it to you. Florida man claims he was kidnapped by dolphins and forced to build an underwater city. You just have to say Florida man and then that's the end of it. >> Florida man. >> Two minutes. >> Hey Chris, >> those dolphins can be vicious. I guess you got to make sure you don't get I do too. I can't imagine a dolphin ever forcing me to uh build an underground city. Underwater city. >> Maybe forcing you to swim. >> Hey, let's go swim. >> Waiter. What's he having? I don't want any. >> He saw us on Jennifer Cruz's stream. Nice. >> When are you going live tomorrow? Um >> at in the at in the evening 6:00 in the night >> in the night. >> Yes. He's got one of the the the phones. The newest one now. Have you seen it? Samsung has a they're like $2,000. Sam Samsung has a trifold. It folds three times. It's almost it's basically the size of an iPad mini. >> That's an iPad. >> Pretty cool tech. But yeah, dolphins are smart. That's true. >> That popped on my phone in Illinois today, too. Yeah. >> No, there are books about Florida man. There really are. They are Florida man. >> I love the Garden Croc series. It does look like Garden Crocs, doesn't it? Oh yeah, David, I see your post. >> We see you. >> Hi, David. >> Was it not working for a while? >> Here we go. >> Hello, Epcot. What are we doing tonight? Welcome to the Garden Rocks concert series here at the America Gardens Theater. Now put your hands together and welcome to the stage direct from Sweden, the music of ABBA. Good evening and welcome to the show. Do you like the music of my surrender? I am I have my destiny in the way. The history book is always I wonder why you promise to love you forever more. You could escape. I want you want to be finally facing my mind. I tried to hold you back, but you were stronger. Oh yes. And now it seems my only chance is giving up my so I ever love you forever Oh my god. I sing I want you Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you. Give it up for Steve on the saxophone. >> Thank you so very much. >> H you know we came all the way from Sweden. We sure did. And we're so happy we did because we just love this place and we love you. >> You know, we can already feel this is going to be a fantastic half an hour with the best music Sweden has to offer. >> So, thank you so much for coming to our show and uh if you want to dance, please do. If you want to sing along, please do. You know, life is short and we only have one and we have to live it now and it's Friday night. >> A good one. Yes. Uh Mia, do you want to sing a song? Yes. I know it's not polite to talk about money. Let's sing about it. I work all day to pay the bills I have to pay to keep this away from me. That's too bad. In my dreams, I had a plan. If I had to be a wealthy man, I wouldn't have to work at all. I money in a rich man's world. Money always in a rich man's world. I can do my heart. It's a rich It's a rich so I'm asleep and I have to go to love the mortg My name must be my in my name always in a rich world. It's a rich world. always in a rich world. It's a rich world. It's a rich world. Yeah. All right. >> I love the kids. I don't want to talk about things we've gone through. over me. Now it's history. I play all my cards. And as you do, nothing more to say, no more race to play. The winner takes it on. Suspending slow beside the victory. That's her destiny. I was in your arms thinking I love I made sense. Building me a fence. building me a home strong but I was fool by the lost may and someone down here loses I takes it all has to fall. Why should I go back? I used to kiss you. Does it feel the same when she calls your celebrity you what can I say must be This will be nice. They take us to the show always the way I don't want to talk. It remains to be sad and I understand. You've come to shake my hand. I apologize. It makes you feel like serious taste. No selfcon tast. worthy tastes. Thank you so much. Thank you. from my >> is that one of the world's greatest songs ever written >> by John and Benny >> from Sweden. We're so proud of that song. And the next song is another great song uh that they wrote. And at the end of this song, we would like you all to participate even more than you already have. >> So at the end of the song, we would like you all to do this. It seems very very easy, but I think you you never know. Maybe you will get dizzy or something. So, I think we're going to rehearse. >> Yes. I'm going to count to three and then we're all going to do it. Even all the way back, we can see you back there. Hello. >> Okay, I'm going to count to three. One, two, three. You are so talented. >> Everybody's still sitting. >> So, at the end of this song, you should be ready. This is a great song. H, and for me, it's about friendship and I love it. And I would like to sing it together with my best friend, Mia. This is Chikatita. Yeah. Tell me what's wrong. You're a trained by your soul. In your eyes there is no hope for how I hate to see you like this. There is no way you can deny it. I can't see the road so s true on the shoulder you can cry on the strength of the one you must rely You're always tring up together and I Oh, the heart is coming on. But the sun is shining you try Heat. Heat. me down and your last can and it seems too hard to handle and tell me the truth. There is no way you can deny me. But you always so you can see what I call Yeah. Heat. But the sun is shining you like you did before. Sh like before sing a new song she comes to wow I'm impressed Heat. Heat. What the happened? Wonderful. Thank you so much. You can change your mind on the first time. Honey, I'm still free. Take a chance on me. You need me. Let me be around. You got no place to go. down for you. My very best on me is on me. You go dancing. You go together. You can just see better. You don't have so much to do. When a dream you tra you afraid of love you know you can change your mind I'm still free on me if you need me Every time if you got no place to go down the pretty You always get your wor to let the things around me Mag free on me. Let me know. We got no place to go deep down the world on me to see the zomb. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Okay, come on. So you can't take a chance in your eyes. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. So cute. And I know what you mean. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat up here. Give it up for Jerry. Okay, so we just had a few questions. Did you have a great time tonight? >> We had a great time and we would really like to say thank you to all of you, of course. And thank you to the wonderful magical world of Disney. Yes. >> Oh, that was totally that was totally >> amazing. And of course, we would like to say thank you to four very important people tonight. We would like to say thank you to Agetta, Jean, Benny, and Anit. And once again, thank all of you. >> So, would you like to hear another song? >> Which one? >> I don't know that one. >> Which one? >> Three words. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. looking for music. I could be that guy. music. And when you get the chance, you are the dancing queen, sweet. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, here they go. Heat. Heat. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Let's hear it for direct from Sweden, the music of All right, that was dumb. The concert was good. Sorry, somebody behind me did something really dumb. Somebody behind me climbed over the bench and then ran through the bushes. >> She fell. >> She fell through the bushes. I was like that. I think she had had some to drink. >> Either way, the concert was awesome. Thanks for joining us today. >> Yeah, it's so funny how much of that music is from Mamma Mia. It's great. What a And what a great show. >> Like I was telling Jen, our school did it um not last year, the year before. >> No, it was last year. Last year we did it and um it >> was just really good. Merryill Streep apparently was the star in that one. >> Oh yeah, she is. Yeah. >> Okay, let me turn the brightness back up and then I will hand the people over to you. >> Here you go. Um, I don't know where we're going. I'm just went this way. >> Let's just go straight until it gets less crowded. >> I like that plan. >> Do you want to watch from the front? >> We haven't made it all the way around yet. So, let's >> watch the We can watch it from the front. >> Okay. I like that plan. >> No, they were really good. They had the whole They had everything. >> I loved it. Awesome. >> They were just very um >> Hi, Britney. >> I feel like they were very I mean, obviously from Sweden, but I feel like they were very authentic. >> Yes. Very. I love their outfits. They were great. >> Yeah. I want a cave now. And then the the flashy that was very Mama Mia. I think that's pretty similar to the outfits they wore. >> Oh yeah. >> At least our kids did and I I've seen the movie too. But yeah. Anyway, >> glad you guys liked it. Awesome. >> Actually, one of my favorites and I didn't realize it until I watched the movie or until I watched the show was The Winner Takes It All. Such a powerful song. >> See, I don't remember that one. It was good. It was a great song. I just didn't remember it. >> Very, very good. Uh, how long have they been doing this? I really think it is two leads I saw on uh Capp Caped. I'm not sure how long they've been together. This band. >> Yeah, I don't know. >> Not sure, but you probably look it up. Um direct. It's direct from Sweden. >> Yeah, >> the what was it called? ABBA Tribute. No, ABBA something something. It said it up there now. I forget. But direct from Sweden was in there. >> Direct from Sweden. Yeah, >> was in the title. >> Yeah, I love that too. The suits were cool. >> Oh, awesome. John and Joy, we love Trader Sam's. So fun. >> Oh, you're welcome, Kim. >> All the important plans. Yes, I like important plans. Important plans. >> Sorry, I It's I It's too bumpy. Sorry, I can't >> Well, here I'll go. >> Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. >> David's having drinks over at Trader Gia's. Sounds good. What kind of drinks does she make? >> Rum punch. >> Yes. Maybe >> uh I saw Mama Mia on a lur cruise ship. Oh, that's cool. Polo, >> it's just a fun show. >> Yeah, it is a fun show. >> It's so fun, too, because like it's such an adult show and see the high school kids do it. >> Oh, good point. >> Like one of my one of our band one of our one of our band professors was one of the dads. >> Oh, okay. >> You remember it's like the three dads, right? >> Yes. Yes. Yes. >> And so one of our one of the band guys was one of the dads. It was just fun to see him like acting cuz he never really done a show before. >> Done a show. Yeah. Obviously they needed more boys than normal to do the show. A lot of times it's you know more girls that are interested sometimes more in theater. So to get some really good boys and they were like >> he auditioned and made it. So that was pretty cool. >> Oh got you David. Just just water for your cough. I get it. >> Water some Nyquil maybe. >> Liam's going to I think Liam's going to be in the theater program the whole time. >> He loves it. Yeah. I'm glad he likes it. That's really cool. >> Uh David wants to know where you're streaming tomorrow. Uh, probably. So, actually, >> I didn't know if I was going to get the phone in time, but I did. It's at my house right now. So, I'm probably going to do a little Magic Kingdom Epcot hop. >> Okay. >> Just because I want to check the I want to check the low light on the dark rides. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Spaceship Earth being one of the darkest and then we're mansion, of course. >> Oh, yeah. Totally. >> So, >> awesome. >> Yep. So, that's the plan. So, I'll probably park at Magic and then just take the Montreal here and back to your Spaceship Birth. >> Sounds like plan. So, as far as David says, spaceship birth. >> Spaceship birth. Okay. >> Well, on on uh voice to text, um a lot of times the phone thinks she said spaceship birth. >> Oh, funny. Got to love that voice to text. >> It gets worse every year. >> Yeah, it does. I agree. >> What was your favorite part of the show? Uh Dancing Queen. >> Oh, yeah. >> So good. >> Yeah. That's just so fun. >> Yep. It's a great song. All right. Well, it is really windy. I bet they won't do the perimeter. >> They probably won't >> fireworks, but everything else will go. So, that's >> I was thinking we were listening to that. The music is so uh >> especially that one, but several of them. The songs are there. Very joy joyful songs. >> Yeah, exactly. >> Party and happy. >> Uhhuh. I like that. >> Celebrating life. >> Yeah, >> 100%. Um, so let's see. Let's talk about Resort TV1 homes as we're walking this way. Oh, let's do Do we have time to go see the beast or No, >> we did get $5. Yeah, we can. Okay. >> We did get $5 from uh Moansie on PayPal. >> Thank you so much, Mo Banshee. Oh, the Beast and Bell are up here. And then we've got Cogsworth and Lumir on the side. >> Um >> so here's Jo says Mike is about halfway to his goal. >> Wow, that's awesome. Amazing. >> Thanks everybody for helping Mike. So there is Belle and Beast. >> Oh, a third Mama Mia is on is in the works. So I didn't know that. And then here is Cogsworth. >> Cogsworth and >> Lamir. >> Wow, it got chilly. That wind picked up. >> Yeah, >> usually his little like the clock thing goes >> pendulum. >> Yeah, maybe he's sleeping >> right here. >> Hi, Stacey. Spaceship birth or Gia calls it Earth ship. I like that. >> Space. Yes. And that's what she does. >> Earth ship space. That's awesome. All right. Too funny. >> Made it. Couldn't be as good as walk in the garden. That um she had a headache and she that at GO82 they make that walk in the garden drink. >> Yeah. >> And she had a couple of those and it was non-alcoholic. Like a tea lemonade lemonade tea type thing. >> I remember it being good. >> Anyway, she uh that like cured her headache. Oh, wow. Okay, nice. Beauty and the Beast one is my favorite. Awesome. Thanks, Rich. So, again, go check out um resort tv1homes.com there. Oh, there's Jeff uh Jeff Funk. Oh, >> he says, "Hey there, J&amp;J. Great night for the parks. A little windy." Yeah, it is a little windy. So, guys, again, >> Resort TV and Homes brokered by EXP Realy. go over there um fill out the information form and we'll get you in contact with an amazing realtor um in the area that you're looking. So again, resortv1homes.com if you're wanting to move here to close to be closer to the magic of Walt Disney World. >> Yeah. So Jeff and Renee are going to join us on the stream, I think, pretty soon. >> Oh, nice. I can't wait. >> So we'll see. We don't know exactly what date, but we were talking Jeff and I were talking the other day. >> All right. >> We're going to get them on the stream so you guys can meet them. >> Yes. They're with EXP realy. just talking to you about like how if you come down here a certain number of times a year, it might make sense to look into some investment. >> Oh yeah, totally. >> You know, >> yeah, >> have your own place. >> Exactly. Uh so we've got Sapphire sooner with a $10 Super Chat. Do you have to pay extra for the Garden Rock concert? Do you recommend the dining package? We want to see Air Supply in April. So no, you do not. But if you want guaranteed good seats, then dining package is the way to do it. So >> and there are cheaper restaurants, too. You can look at the dollar sign thing like um if you if you look at like I don't know um Canada lier is one of the most expensive. >> Yep. >> And there are other ones but like uh China nine dragons is one of the one of the uh cheaper ones and do it for lunch. Here's the other thing a lot of people don't know. You can actually do it you can actually do it for lunch. Hey. Hey. You can actually do it for lunch um and save and get the lunch bail or the lunch like specials and then go and uh still use the nighttime ticket. >> Exactly. So there is cheaper ways to do it with the dining package. You don't have to though. It's always free. You just have to get there early and wait in line. >> And we literally just jumped in line 5 minutes before 10 minutes before the show and we got to find >> that was a decent seat. I mean if if you're wanting a really good seat >> and you want to be front row then yeah dining package. if it's your if it's your favorite band ever. >> Yep. >> So Dale and I did that for um Toby Mac and uh for King and Country cuz we love them so much. We're like it's worth it to us. >> But if you just want to chill and enjoy some good music, it's totally free. >> Yep. >> Oh, here. White rabbit. >> I know. It's an egg. I want to do the egg hunt sometime. >> So, um what was I going to say? >> The Garn concerts are included. That's right. Included with admission into the park. >> Yeah. The only thing is that like Jenna said, if you want the really good seat, then you then you want to buy it. Um, oh, let's tell them about our Dreamtable app because actually Dreamtable will help you get reservations for one of those dining packers. >> That's right. So, go to dreamtable.co. Um, you can download the app on any app store and um, put in the restaurant that you're looking for. They will help you get those really hard to get reservations. So, Oh, yeah. So, put in your uh, you know, the restaurant you're looking for, number of people, the day, the time, all of that. And then they will notify you whenever that becomes available. They will notable right now. That's right. They will not make the reservation for you, but uh they will notify you and then you go into the app and make the reservation again. Dreamtable.com. >> So, this is different this year. They've got Captain Hook and Peter Pan. >> They used to be on the other side. >> Yeah. And they always had um Winnie the Poo and Gang >> on this side. >> I'm glad they mixed it up. >> Remember a long time ago when Peter Pan was up on the up on the building, >> was he? >> Yeah. A long time ago he was standing up on the building. >> I do not remember that. >> Like he was getting ready to fly. >> Oh, I love that. the topiary. >> What would be funny is if Captain Hook was up there. >> Yeah. >> The Tik Tok's like waiting waiting waiting to eat him. >> That would be so fun. >> Oh. >> Oh no. Be safe. Oklahoma's getting hit by tornadoes. Be safe. >> So the Dream Table is also the app. It's on the app store. Just go to the app store iOS and search Dream Table. >> Hey Renee, there's Renee Funk. She said, "We love beer garden." I love that one too. It's so good. >> Yes. That's probably That one's probably one of my favorites. Yeah, they have really good options. Lots of options. You will not go away hungry. >> And you don't have to wait because like it's it's it's a buffet. >> It's a buffet. Yeah. >> So, you just go get your food. >> Yep. Exactly. >> Delicious. >> Those pretzels are amazing. >> Yeah. >> Sausage, pretzels. >> Spatul. Spatula, however you say it. I don't know how you say it. >> Been so long I can't remember all of them. And the show is good, too. There's a show. >> Oh, yeah. >> Different different instruments. Alpine horns. >> Katie got a new cat. I love that. A new kitten. >> So cute. Oh yeah. Winnie the Poo. >> Characters over here. >> See? >> Put your turn signal on. >> I got my turn signal on. >> Blink blink blink blink. I made it. We got rabbit. Piglet and Eeyore. >> Good evening. >> I love to showcase. >> Hi classy Disney mom. >> Come here. Hold on. Hold >> right here. Come right here. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Say hi, Alejandro. >> Hello. >> Hello, Alejandra. >> Alejandro. Hello. Hello in Chile. >> Have a good time. Have a good day. Thanks for watching. >> Thank you for watching. >> Thank you. Thank you. >> Yeah, of course. >> Have a good day. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Got Winnie Tiger. I thought I was in the way. I didn't know what that was. >> There's any way not to be. >> No, I mean I thought she was taking a picture of the top, >> but I got I figured it out. >> I figured it out. Oh, you're welcome. >> Oh my goodness. I want to do Simple Plan so bad on Sunday, but I don't think I'm going to be able to. >> So, uh, >> sorry about that, but I really want to. >> I do love Simple Plan. >> Ry down. You're good. How are you? >> Uh, David wants to know, "What is a pirate's favorite part of vacation?" >> Let us know, David. I don't know. >> I don't know. >> Trying to think of something with R. >> I know. >> R&amp;R. >> RNR. There you go. You kind of got it. >> I bet that's what it is. >> Maybe. Thanks for 1100 likes, guys. Appreciate it. >> So, we're making our way up to the front here. We've got >> Exactly. We have Miss Piggy and Fermentiaries. Yes. R&amp;R. I got it. Yay. >> Look at me knowing things. >> I know things. The muppets. >> There they are. So cute. Uh yeah, the Canada movie is still playing. I believe >> it is. >> There's permy. >> I love that they have them lit up really well. >> I know they do. That's nice. >> All right. Well, >> this is nuts. Yeah, >> it is literally like New Year's Eve. >> Thanks, David. I tried. I tried my best. >> I heard a joke today and I'm trying to remember if I can say it right. Otherwise, it messes up the whole joke. So, it was um ah, never mind. I'm going to mess it up. I'll have to think about it and tell you another night. I'll have to look it up. It was funny, believe me. >> Can Josh give us a little Swedish chef? Jay says, >> "Oh, you're hopping up in the machine and he's going." >> It's great. You should have done that to Aba. Aba. Aba. Aba. Aba. Aba. They're >> They're Swedish. What was the song I used that they used to play during Epcot forever that I loved? Was it before or after >> that I Oh, the dappa dupa. >> Oh, dappa dupa afterwards. Afterwards. >> Okay. A dappa dupa. >> I missed that song. >> Um I'm not sure if it was like this last year, but I feel like any opening weekend of a festival It's always crowded. I don't know if it was this crowded, >> but it was crowded. >> Guess we just go in here. >> This is making me nervous. >> I don't really want to like walk all the way around again. >> Same. >> There should be room. We're going to make everybody stand up in like a few minutes. If not, we can just hang out till they do. almost. >> Oh, yeah. There's fun here. >> Yeah, there's always >> Oh, there's like an event going on. >> An event. Oh, >> in just 10 minutes, Epcot will proudly present Luminous, the symphony of us. a dazzling display of fireworks, stunning special effects, and sweeping original music. Due to lower light levels during the show, >> please watch your step and take small children by the hand. Get >> ready because tonight's performance of Luminous, the Symphony of Us, begins in just 10 minutes. Once everybody stands up, there's going to be like tons of room. >> Yeah. >> I wonder what events going on over here. It looks very fancy. Epcot. >> There you go. Epcot. >> Epcot. Everybody ready? Do it with me. >> Okay. >> Epcot. >> I missed it. I missed it. A thank you. They're the new years this year for the festival. All right. So, let's see. We've chatted about Oh, let's talk about David's Vacation Club rentals. David's Vacation Club rentals. If you guys would like to book a stay at a Disney Deluxe Villa for a fraction of the cost, go check them out at dvcrequest.com/tv. Again, dvcre request.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David. A thank you if you can dream it. >> Share out the stream. Fireworks start in 8 minutes. Oh, I am chilling. Can tell how windy it is from the fire. The lanterns. We had 2009 watching. That was a good year. >> Don't go anywhere, guys. Fireworks coming soon. Keepopping the like button. Subscribe if you're new as well. We'd love to add you to the Resort Hopper family. Josh will be live again tomorrow. I will be live Monday morning for Magical Monday. Hoping to get another cruise video out on Sunday over on Adventures of Jenna and stay tuned. Don't go anywhere. We're losing tons of people. I don't know where they're going. I might put my sweater on. Okay. >> Oh, wow. That plane up there reminded me of the kites. The flying kites that would >> I miss those >> fly in the Epcot Forever. They only flew before uh CO though. After CO they didn't fly anymore. >> They were fire kites. >> Fire kites. Yes. Fire kites were awesome. >> Jet skis. >> Yeah. Like >> I don't know whose idea it was to put jet skis in the fireworks show, but it was awesome. They haven't made everybody's not going to make this. I saw this new shirt and I think it >> What is it? >> A new shirt. >> Oh, cool. Yeah, I haven't been there for a while. I am going for the grab bash, though, so I get to go there for free. Uh, I want that. >> I figured you would. I should ask. >> I'll show the chat real quick. >> Isn't that amazing? >> I want that immediately. >> If you see it, I'll pay you back. >> Okay. >> Yeah. >> Oh, yeah. Cuz you don't have a ticket. >> I do not. No. So, I'm I mean, hopefully it'll be Yeah. If you see it, I won't be able to go till April 24th. >> Okay. Yep. I'll grab it. >> Have you got any more new tech? I have something coming tomorrow. Brand new thing. >> Yeah. >> The pre-show music is such a vibe. It's a copyrighted vibe. >> Yeah, it really is. >> But that's all right. There'll probably be 35 on this stream tonight. So, we'll just leave it alone. all the ABBA and then Luminous alone has like 14. >> I know. Love Luminous. >> They can't just do They can't just do one. >> Epcot Forever was the best. >> Yeah. I had no copyrights in it. Luminous is terrible. >> Love the show. >> Yeah. The the show is great, but the copyright they literally just wanted to do one for every song. >> Uhhuh. >> Yeah. >> And then all the post show songs, too. >> Pre-show, post show, all the shows. >> I want that shirt, too. Yes. Hi, Mr. Master. I think cool shirt. >> You're going to show it to your Yes. You're going to show it to your little brother and sister. Uh my brother and sister since they'll be stuck on the island. Oh no. Hopefully they're okay. All right. The show says start in about a minute or two. The the drum part the drum solo thing starts and then it goes from there. >> I might get >> up to you. >> We'll see. Good evening. Tonight, we invite you to join us for Luminous, the symphony of ice. Due to lower light levels during the show, we ask that you please watch your step and be sure to take small short. Tonight's performance of Luminous, the Symphony of will begin in just a few minutes. Nanny Pooh Bear, congrats on 24 months of Opera Bronze. I really enjoyed the ABA show. You two are the best fun night. Thank you so much, Nanny Pooh Bear. I'm glad you enjoyed the show. All right, guys. Here we go. Enjoy the show. Okay. How about Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Welcome to the great gathering. Welcome, welcome. >> Welcome. videos. Everyone on this earth is part of the great symphony of us. Each of us a unique instrument playing harmony to one another. And even though we are all playing different parts, it's our unified heartbeat that connects us, reminding us that we are more alike than we are different. A rap city of rhythms that unites us and connects us through commonalities of the heart. Come find your place in the great symphony of us. I think through the trees and you mess all the sun in my moment I remember you. You are a part of me and I am a part of you. for me to harness. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. When we are poor, we come into this world of raw noise, cradled in tenderness. We tune ourselves to the world around us. Come stop your crying. It'll be all right. Just take my hand, hold it tight. will be my shing and you your heart. I will be here my We begin to understand what our instrument can do. We find our voice and add it to the ensemble of our ancestors. Our family, Westia. Yeah. I will forever. We begin to recognize the music and others trading notes and improvising. Music becomes play Heat. Heat. Can you see? I love you tonight. Sometimes we find another and our melodies blend and suddenly with the hum of our heart strings our world becomes a duet and all the world is called music for only So close to home. So feel believe so close. So close and still so far. Inevitably in life, the accompaniment drops out and we experience great loss. We find that the melodies we cherish are gone. And for a moment we are playing alone. Everything was beautiful. And when she was happy, so was I. When she loved me, everything was beautiful. every hour together. Let us when she But we are never truly alone. Sing out so others can hear you. >> The music we make echoes back at us in chorus. In concert, in symphony for the sounds. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. All it was everything is how I love you. How miraculous that we exist on this planet at the same time that it's the human connection that unifies us and deeply the river of our hearts. versus now I found a place connecting sounding hearts to the stars for all the world to You never say you're ready. Can you feel it again? Come together. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. In the great symphony of us. We hope you enjoy sleeping with us. From all of us here, we wish you a wonderful evening and safe. Thank you and good night. >> Good night, Leo Epcot guy. All right. Guess we need to go this way because the uh the party is over on the other side. >> Yeah. Hope you enjoyed the luminous. >> Let's go find Jenna. We're close to the back, so that'll help. >> Oh, you heard it from the bus at Disney Springs. Yeah, it's pretty loud. Although Happily Ever After is a little bit louder cuz fireworks are bigger. Uh since happily ever after launches behind the castle, they can use bigger uh bigger and louder shells. >> Still get tears in my eyes when I hear the sad songs. Yeah, I think this is why it's harder for Jenna to watch it still, but it takes time. Yeah, the music's really good. That's for sure. >> Must be something major going on tonight. We lost uh like by the time the show started, we lost like 400 people from uh the from the fireworks show. Maybe it was uh something else on TV tonight or something. I don't know. >> Or maybe people just went to bed early. Who knows? Maybe there are a lot of people who just don't like Luminous. I don't know. I wish people would give it more of a chance, though. >> I don't think it has to be Illuminations to be good. I think Illuminations was so iconic. There's no way to really replace it. I don't think there would be any way for people to replace it and then, you know, then you're stuck with the same show forever, which is not a great thing because Walt himself would have wanted to move forward on stuff. >> I realize I'm not always the most forward-looking person, but I don't know. Anyway, >> yeah, it could be Proud Patriot. Yeah, could be for sure. >> That could be. >> What? No, it's growing on me. Yeah, it's And it takes time and that's okay. You know, we get used to things. Um, just like people didn't like the pink color of the castle and now some people really like it. Some people in my videos about it have been really excited that it's changing back. But again, we we get used to things a lot of times. I think um, and I think that's the same way with Starlight. Again, it doesn't have to be Spectro Magic, but it is really good in its own way. I think that's the the most important thing. Just not a big fan of fireworks in general. Oh, interesting. Okay. Well, I did not know that there were people that didn't like fireworks. Okay, it makes sense. I just hadn't thought of that. It does make sense. Let's go say bye to Mickey and Minnie here. >> I actually haven't been up this way since they installed this, so it's cool. It's my first time seeing it. Go over here. Chip and Dale. Chip and Dale. Okay. Oh, go ahead. You're fine. You're fine. Thank you. Hey, Scott. Well, there they are. The big cheeses. >> David doesn't like riding the fireworks. I don't think anybody does. It's kind of warm. >> See, I like >> I love the uh the kite and the tennis racket. That's fun. >> Oh, Taps of your Nations look great. Mickey looks great there. Wow, that's a really good Mickey and Minnie. I mean, they all look good. Pluto. Yeah, >> it's got to be hard to do that. Like Pluto looks really good, too. Like their their uh their size and body proportions are really good. Like they're they did a good job when you're making characters like that. The scale has to be accurate. So obviously they're bigger. They're larger than life in that in this context. So they have to all be on that same scale. Like if they made Pluto as tall as Mickey and Minnie, that wouldn't be right. Or if they made him way too short where he was way smaller, you know, it would it would not be good. So, they've done a great job of keeping the scale good. >> All right, let me pull up the brightness so I can see better. >> There's Figment. He's Figment's not lit. >> He's there, though. >> All right, >> maybe the last stream on this phone. Unless unless somebody else streams on it. >> I have warmed up slightly to Limitus, but eliminations will always have the biggest in my heart. Yeah, that's fair. I like I said, I like the eliminations. I I did get tired of it towards the end a little bit, but just cuz they've been around for so long, but I always liked it for sure. >> Yep, you found me. Um, so if we shoed earlier, do you want to shop again? >> Maybe a little. Let me let me um let me plug in the battery. >> We're 21%. >> Okay. >> Oh, there was a um there was also a um buckets for life sent a membership milestone during the show and I didn't get to read it, but Buckets for Life, thank you. Uh, sorry it's harder for me to read those during the shows, but I'm so glad that you're still a member. Really appreciate it. Um, and also, uh, Mike Wheeler, that blind Disney guy, sent, "Congrats on 28 months of resurre Jenna, all the hoppers. I just want to say once again, thank you from the bottom of my heart. I can't put into words how much it means." Oh, you're very welcome. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Apparently, again, he's he's halfway to his goal of um of having the money to uh make sure he doesn't have to give up his mom's house, the one that she uh worked so hard for all her life. and you know they still got to make obviously payments on it and everything like that. So um yeah, so if anybody still wants to help, I know he's still accepting help. He needs to get to his goal of uh of uh I think it's $5,000. So either way, we're halfway there, which is super cool. And you guys made that happen, which was awesome. So thank you so much for doing that. >> All right, so let me uh me plug it in here. Well, I saw a shirt you might need here, too. >> Oh, wow. >> Actually, show you. >> Okay, if you'll hold the Wait, got to untangle it. >> I've dropped this battery so many times. It still works. Poor >> battery. >> Yeah. Uh, let's see. Thank you, Stacy. Okay. Yeah, Stacy posted it. All right. There you go. >> All right. We do, Britney. I agree 100%. >> Going to the bathroom in another way. >> What? >> Mom and dad. >> No. Was that was you sending it to me? >> No. I'm like, they're still here. >> Um, all right. Let's go see that shirt. I think you're going to like It's over here, >> guys. I know he's going to like this shirt. Hey, weather low. >> All right, it's right over here >> in the t-shirt section. >> It's right there. Lucky you shall be. >> Oh, that's really cool. >> Isn't that fun? There's your uh St. Patty's Day shirt. Bam. You're done. >> I actually have a >> Oh, do you? Oh, do you have the Kermit one? >> Yeah, >> I have that. No, I I have a Lucky Charm shirt that I wear. >> Oh, that's cool, too. I actually have a Lucky Charm shirt. That is so fun, though. Lucky you, Shelby. They just put this out. It wasn't here earlier when mom and dad and I came in here. That's really fun. I do have to say I like it, but it also doesn't really fit the Yoda character. >> True. >> He would not actually say it. >> No, he wouldn't. That's a great point. >> But I like the suit. >> Yeah, it's a good shirt. >> But and that's that's just the I'm not even like the big Star Wars like, you know, >> whatever. But Star Wars fans, am I kind of right on that? >> Yeah. No, I'm with you. I get it. >> He would say you don't need luck. You need the force. >> You need the force. Yeah. >> Luck you do not have. Um, have you also seen the huge Kermit plushy? >> Yes. Let's go look at it. >> It is amazing. Dad wondered if you'd seen it. >> Uh, I saw it while we were in here earlier, but I didn't get to didn't get to >> actually like get up close to it. >> It is a cool shirt. I have a Lucky Charms one, too. I got it at Walmart. So, where you got yours? >> Uh, probably Old Old Navy maybe. >> Oh, okay. Love that. >> Do or do not. There is no track. >> That's right. >> I agree with Josh. Yeah, I I don't know. I don't know. Star Wars cannon. That's the thing when people are thinking about like what would actually be possible in this like the rules of Star Wars basically. >> Yeah. >> Oh, sorry. A Minnie is so cute in her little Easter bunny outfit. >> And then we've got Mickey in his little duck outfit. Chick. I'm sorry. That's not a duck. That's a chick. >> All right. It's getting squishy. Let's go that way. Squishy, >> you do it all by yourself. >> Okay, >> I know. >> Spike the shirt. Spike the shirt. >> Such a great shirt. And it's embroidered. >> It is. Yeah. It's not >> It's a nice shirt. >> It's not just screen printed. This part's screen printed. This part's embroidered. >> So fun. Uh, it is $36.99, which >> actually This is not embroidered. >> Oh, it's not? >> This is like a It's like an ironon type thing. >> Oh, you're right. Okay. >> Either way, it is like raised. It's definitely Well, there's there's a separate piece that's ironed on here. >> Uh, what do you call that? >> It's not It's not screen printed. This part is Wonder if you can see underneath of it. >> Applique. >> Applique. >> I don't know. Maybe. >> Well, you can see it underneath there. >> I It's cool and definitely probably more expensive because of that. >> Mhm. >> What is it? 40 bucks. Probably >> $36.99. >> Actually, last year um they did have a Kermit. >> Oh. >> Um, >> sure. for >> I was going to say Fourth of July. >> Maybe I do. Maybe I do have that. >> Not Fourth of July. >> St. Patrick's Day. That's it. That's the one. >> People know what it's called when they have the letters raised like that. >> I was like on a letter jacket or something. You know, >> they're not answering quite yet. You know, it takes a minute. >> Am I only one that sings Spike the Bee anytime anyone mentions him? No. Spiked Duby. Spike Dubby. Where can he be? Where can he be? Oh, he's right here. And he's right here. Oh, and guess what? He's right here. Way too cute. Oh, and also right here. >> He's everywhere. >> Applicator iron patch they say. >> Oh, okay. >> Look at me knowing stuff. >> I mean, I did >> when you said it. I bought I bought >> I did go to first for school. I went to school, guys. I went to first school. You went there for school sometimes. I went there for school. >> I went to school for uh fashion. No, you don't. >> Hopefully I would know. >> These are really cute. >> Fashion is your passion. >> It is. It's true. I also really like this tank top. All right. Cool beans. >> Should we go walk? >> Yep. >> I was when I was walking with mom, I was saying how thought that they should play the show after. >> By the way, look at the trash cans. >> Oh, that's cool. >> They have that one and they have a Spike the Bee one and then you can buy miniature ones just like those. >> I love that. >> Yep. All right. Sorry. >> You should play the show, the Space Reverse Show. Somebody said, "Oh, an hour less daylight mean or an hour less night means a lot less uh space verse shows." >> Oh, good point. >> They stop them right at the fireworks. >> I know. >> So, if it only gets dark at 8, like like in the summer, they only have time for like two shows. >> Yeah. >> So, my point is >> they should do a couple more after. Yeah. >> Yeah. And somebody uh somebody was saying, "Well, what about when people were walking out? Would it cause the traffic time?" Like, "Okay, so start it. Give it like 15 to 20 minutes. Start it at 9:30 or 9:40." Like, "Don't start it right after give it a little time." Yeah. >> Like right now, it's not bad. >> It did, Wendy. It's so cute. >> Nope. I'm with you there. >> Should we go up and say night to Walt? >> Sure. I heard that the the ground was fixed up here. The lights >> up here. >> Uh, sorry. Up there. >> Okay. I was going to say these are permanently broken. >> Yeah. No, these are not working. >> Well, they I think they computer generated them for the uh the store and I don't think they've ever maybe like a week that they actually say they worked for a little bit right at the beginning. >> Maybe that's when they got him to work when they filmed the the >> Maybe was I going to say Oh, a little Yeah. No, the tra the tiny little trash cans are actually for salt and pepper. They're salt and pepper shakers. >> Yeah, that's fun. >> Really cute. >> Oh yeah, Britney, it'll be hot. Just be prepared. Be prepared as Scar says. >> Yeah. See, these are working now. >> Y >> nice. Wonder why they didn't do the fiber optics here. I always remember that. >> I do too. I miss those actually. >> They're really I mean I'm glad they did sunlight. They are really pretty. Well, it was so cool to watch Luminous from up there. >> Yeah. >> One day I'd love to do that again. >> Yeah, I would be. We got to go for a afternoon snack with David and G. I know. I'm sorry I missed that. That would have been fun. I know, David. They sure did. Look how that looks pretty, too, with those lights. >> What? >> The lights. They're pretty. >> Yes. >> Nothing happened. It's just pretty. >> It does go along with the show, though. >> I know it does. >> There is a show. There's not a show. >> Just pretty. I hyped three of your replay streams and now I have to wait until Sunday until I can do it again. Oh, no. No worries, Michelle. Thank you so much for doing that. We appreciate >> when you hit the hike button. >> You can hit like and hype. So, you can actually technically you can like twice, not like it's a different type of like. >> Mhm. But tech, I guess apparently you can only do a couple. >> You can do a Yeah. So likes are unlimited like or you can like >> an unlimited number of videos. The hype is different. Uh yeah, it's special. It's like a super like. >> Yes, exactly. And it helps push it out a little bit more to more people. >> Well, Walt's got a little bit of a line there. >> Yeah. Not bad. >> Yeah. I love the synced up lights, too. It's so cool. >> Hi, Lee. Happy Friday. >> Thanks for boppinging the lake. Good night, Uncle Walt. >> Good night. I always wonder like um how hard it was for them to like get like all the wrinkles on the pants right like that's >> it's amazing. Whoever can create things like this is just amazing. >> No wrinkles on the jacket like everything. >> Mhm. >> Everything all the clothes everything will be perfectly flat. >> I know >> that's not realistic. >> Nope. >> Sure isn't. >> But I get you. I would do the same thing. I guess the way to do that is to have somebody sit like that with a jacket on it >> and then maybe draw out or take a picture >> like a take a picture of like what the wrinkles look like naturally and then just do that. >> Actually, no. That's probably how they did it. I bet. >> Hey Disney fanatic. Uh do we have any more sponsors to chat about? Uh behind the Ride? >> Yes. >> Disney Demystified guys. >> I didn't see DBC. >> I did. >> Okay. Behind the Ride then. So guys, uh, go check out Behind the Ride in Disney Demystified. These are books on Amazon. Um, you can get the ebook, hardcover copy, and the audio book of Disney Demystified. Um, all on Amazon. These are by de David Mumpower. Um, Behind the Ride explains how some of your favorite rides right here at Walt Disney World were created. And Disney Demystified will uh teach you um, all the things you want to know and you can impress your friends with all your Disney knowledge. Disney Demystified and Behind the Ride, guys. Go check out both of those amazing books. >> Hey, Pamela, how are you? >> Thank you so much. Glad you enjoyed the stream tonight. It's been fun. >> It's been a good night. >> Yes. >> Look at the sea of people leaving. I'm going to write a book called In Front of the Ride. >> That's the line. David, you're going to write a book about the line. Um, so >> that was funny. >> We also have um, >> let's see, Layer 1 Technology. >> Oh, yes. >> If you want, uh, IT support for your small or mediumsiz business, just go check out layer1 technology in Central Florida. Um, it's just email them at supportlayer1chnology.com. Support at layer1etchnology.com. >> And Surf Shark is the last one. >> Yes. If you guys are wanting a uh VPN service to protect your data online, Surf Shark will help you do that. Um so again, Surf Shark. Resort TV1. Use our code resort TV1. It will help uh like when you're out in public, you know, the Wi-Fi anywhere you're at is not safe. And uh Surf Shark will keep your data safe online whenever you're on the Wi-Fi wherever you're at. >> That's a big group. >> That is a big group. >> High school. And uh you're also able to watch different um is it Netflix, right? Different Netflix from different countries >> uh through Surf Shark. So if you're here in the US, you can watch the UK version. If you're in the UK, you can watch the US version. Whichever country you want, you can check that out. Um again, surf shark.deals/resorttv1. Use our code resort TV1. Guys, >> I love that they added lots bear. I love bears, but I'm so sad he's mean. >> I know. >> I don't like that he's mean. >> It's weird because they have him in the park like he's a regular character. >> He's actually a villain. >> He's a big time villain. >> Everybody likes him, but he is a bad bad bad guy. >> Bad bear. >> Bad bear. Bad bear. >> 40 years of Pixar. >> We need Duffy. We need Duffy Bear. >> Yeah. So, actually, I by the way, speaking of Pixar and Toy Story, I saw a video. >> Uhhuh. >> Um on one of my tech channels about that you heard the story about how Toy Story 2 was almost deleted. >> Yeah, >> it was actually deleted. >> Oh, >> apparently there they were running the systems on uh Linux, which is what powers the phones now and stuff. It's like a alternative to Windows and Mac. There is a command on Linux that deletes everything with no confirmation. >> Oh boy. >> When you type it out, I won't say it just in case it gets anybody. Anyway, the point is it there's no like are you sure? There's no anything. It just >> and sometimes it deletes even like the files that boot the computer. >> Like it will just render it. >> Oh, brick. >> Goodness. >> And so that's what somebody typed in accidentally on uh on one of the work pages. >> Oh man. >> The only reason they got it back was cuz somebody was on maternity leave, one of the animators, >> and she had a full copy on her computer. It only had was missing some of it. So, she was able to get >> Good for her. >> All of it back except just a little bit that they had the last couple. >> Wow. >> I'm glad she was able to they were able to keep it. >> That's crazy. >> So, that was how Toy Story 2. >> Thanks, William. >> They almost had to start all over. >> Wow. >> Because of one command. >> That's insane. >> Eight characters. >> Wow. >> So, there you go. >> That's right. Stacy said the same thing. She knew the story. >> R.J., that's funny. >> Sorry. I just got something in my throat. It's weird. >> No, you're fine. >> It's a bug or something. >> Uh R.J. says, "Is Bad Bear doing next year's Super Bowl halftime?" >> Hello. >> How are you? >> Yes, we have Bad Bunny already. >> Now we have Bad Bear. >> Should we go to the front and show the front stuff? >> Let's do it. >> Yeah. And then we'll say good night. >> Sounds good. >> Have you been following anything about Punch the Monkey? >> No. Oh my goodness. It makes me cry every time I see him. He's this little monkey that got uh abandoned or like rejected, I guess I should say, by his mom. And he's in the zoo. He's in a zoo in Japan. >> And so the zookeepers had to raise him. But then they've trying to, you know, integrate him back into the monkey families or whatever. >> Hey, I'm talking about um Punch the Monkey. You know Punch the Monkey? >> No, you don't know him. >> Did you find >> We did. Did you get good seats? >> Yeah, they were okay. >> We found a spot where there was a little hole between the church. >> Great show. She was like, she's like, I don't know much about AB. I was like, it's happy music. >> Yeah, I know. It's It's like all the Mama Mia music. >> I was like, this is like a fever dream. >> I know you logged in. >> Yeah, it was. I'm like, I kind of want that outfit, you know. Text like >> I wouldn't have known, but I wouldn't have known all. My school did Mama Mia last year as a as a High School Musical. So now I know all the songs like play. >> Do you want to say hi? >> Sure. >> Ryan and LA. I love the Muppet shirt. So >> the weekend Dale comes back really tan. >> Yes. >> Just like right here. >> He's got all the Yes. All all the lines. >> Yeah. >> We're going out Sunday and I think we're going to follow him, Steve, and Cory. >> Oh, fun. >> Oh, that'll be fun. >> The last three groups. So we'll say >> one year I will go. I've never been. >> It's a fun walk. I've heard I've heard it's fun. Yeah. >> One day in a while, man. >> Look up Punch the Monkey. It'll make you cry. >> Oh my gosh. >> What? >> Have you heard him punch the monkey? >> He's a monkey from Japan. I was just telling the >> It wasn't the way I thought it was going to go. I was like, "Some Nobody punched a monkey, did they?" >> No, his name is Punch. >> He got rejected by his mom and so the zookeeper is like, "I have >> Okay, see it's falling in on my alley." Yes, I have seen that cuz like >> it'll be on your algorithm later cuz we're talking about it >> cuz it's still listening right now. It's listening. >> It'll show up when you >> I have seen it. I swear to God. >> It makes me cry every time and I want to adopt him. >> But I found the cutest one today. I guess he he know he has this. So his mom rejected him. It's a little monkey. So they integrated him in. But the other monkeys were being mean to him. So they gave him a little plushy. So, he carried around the plushy and was laying on the plushy because all the other monkeys were mean to him. But I just saw a video tonight that he was with this little plushy monkey and that's him. >> And then and then he he made friends with a like a big like a mommy monkey. Okay. And he made friends with the mommy monkey and he was holding the little baby the plushy and then he looked up at her and she gave him a hug. I cried. >> Where is this monkey? >> Japan. Everybody's flying to Japan to go and see him. >> I think we have direct flight. >> I think I might punch the monkey like after I I was watching some like resort TV >> stories. >> Oh my gosh. >> Wait, wait. Okay. Oh yeah. Here. >> Look at that. >> But some of them they show like >> it does look like AI but >> they show him like getting bullied and it just breaks my heart. Is it is there any confirmation it's real? That might not be real. It does kind of look like AI a little bit. >> It is real. Here, let me show you the one. >> My favorite thing that reminds me of that is the the fruit bats at Animal Kingdom. >> You go on the uh trail. >> They go to sleep at night. >> When they go to sleep, they have plushies and they hold on to them. Yeah. They hang. >> Okay. I didn't know that. All right. This is this is the video I was telling you about. >> Yes. This is the one I saw. >> And then the mommy the the it's not his mom, but she gives him a hug. Tell me your mom. >> Right, you guys. You guys. Okay. They're like, "Stop it." No. I know. >> We'll all cry together. >> And they keep showing them to me cuz I keep watching them. >> Donate now. >> Yeah. >> Take all my dollars. >> Only 35 cents a day. >> I want to adopt this monkey. How do I get him? >> I know. All right. Thank you. >> So cute. >> Now we know. >> Yes. >> Now it's going to be on your algorithm. >> Oh, yeah. Everybody, sorry everybody's >> Liam. You might want to win. >> I know, right? Yeah. Let's get a monkey. It >> was good seeing you. >> Yeah, you always love it. >> Sorry, I had to tell you about Punch. It's >> a good spot. >> You got me about to cry. >> He's cute. >> Okay. Have a good night. >> Yeah, I will. See you. >> Right. He's literally the cutest thing ever. >> I know. He's so cute. Okay. Anyh who, thanks for listening >> for sure. Let's see. We did Surf Shark and Dream Table. We did them all. Okay, good. Good, good, good. >> In one minute, that turns still. No, sorry. >> Huh? It's going to turn into a pumpkin. >> In one minute, that turns into the old school colors. >> Oh, I love it. >> At 9:45. >> Okay. Well, let's walk around. >> That's got to be >> Oh, yeah. I would think >> those Texas bands are really big. Yeah, it's cute that they are doing stuff to help him. No, I agree. >> Yeah. Yeah, I'm glad that they are. >> Mhm. You can tell he's attached to one of the zookeepers because anytime he comes in to feed the monkeys, the baby runs over and grabs onto his leg and just hangs on the whole time he's feeding the monkeys. It's so cute. We do all need a little plushy monkey. That's right. We all That's That's what's cute. It's like >> Everybody needs a little plushy monkey every once in a while. Everybody needs comfort. hug. >> That's what I love about this monkey. >> And it's okay if you still have a plushy. It is okay. I have a lot >> for sure. >> Do you want to go over so you can see it better? >> Yeah. >> And now >> hold on. >> It's usually about It's usually a few seconds behind. didn't make a lie out of me >> the other day. That's exactly when it changed was 9:45. >> Okay, I believe you. It's 9:46 tonight. >> Yeah. >> Oops. >> They were listening. >> Yep. >> We're not changing it right now. >> Can I have a blingy spaceship earth instead of a plushy monkey? Sure, David. Whatever you like. >> I wouldn't snuggle it though. >> Nope. >> I sure wouldn't either. >> You break it. That's a lot of expensive expensive crystal. >> I have a plush monkey that I still sleep with some nights. That actually helps with my carpal tunnel. Oh, that's awesome. Stacy, >> I have Disney plushies, including Stitch. Me, too. I've always loved the monkey plushies from Rainforest Cafe. A >> yep, it totally did. >> It is indeed 9:46. >> All right. Well, >> it's all good. >> Yep. It did change at 9:45 the other night, but >> I believe you. >> So, well, >> oh, >> there it goes. >> 946. We changed to the weird screen saver. >> Control altdelete. >> Yeah. Restart. >> My daughter took her monkey to college with her. She brings it with her when she comes home. Goes to work at camp during the summer. He rides in her lap. I love that. A love that so much. >> We don't do you. Well, >> no. Wish your birth is Hi. >> A thank you, Blair. So glad you had a good night. We had fun as well. >> Well, shall we wrap it up? >> Yeah. >> Since it's not going to do the old Spaceship Earth for us or you want to wait a little longer. >> No, it's going to I got to get home anyway. >> All right. >> So, all right. Oops. I'm stuck. There we go. >> Still sparkly. Yeah. >> There we go. Yes. Thanks for watching. And um yeah, I'll see you tomorrow at some point. >> I'll see you Monday morning. >> Do you guys want to >> Good job, Samsung 24. It's probably his last stream. >> Good job. >> He did good. >> Yeah. Good job, Fo. >> You have a baby dragon from Epic Universe. That's cool. Those are cute. I love that. >> So yeah, we'll see you soon. Thank you moppers. Thank you hoppers. Thank you platinum members. >> A I love that Michelle. >> Let me see if I can find it. >> I have a little Chloe that I found at Hobby Lobby. It looks a lot like her and it's weighted. >> That's cool. >> I love it. >> All right, here we go. Grey Rose Platinum members, they support us with $50 a month on YouTube. We appreciate it so much. >> Thank you so much. Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, The Love, Go Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, My Crazy Growing Up Life, Chuck Polly, The Amazing Jaylen Mox, Lisa Cander, Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Fon, Ali Bismo, and Alan J. >> Thank you so much. >> Thank you to all of you. We appreciate you very much. >> And our Patreon members, all of our members, as well as our moppers for mopping and hoppers for hopping. Oh, and you can't breathe the shoppers. >> That's right. And thank you everybody for helping out Mike. I know he appreciates it, too. >> Thank you so much, guys. Yeah, we'll see you soon. >> That's right. >> All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Bye. Yep.
