---
video_id: x5Hz_pzAghs
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: From the Biggest Cruise Ship in the World - Royal Caribbean Star of the Seas - 2-15-26"
published: 2026-02-15
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5Hz_pzAghs
---
Heat. Heat. Well, >> welcome everybody. It's Jenna >> and Dale with Resort TV1 and we're live on the biggest cruise ship in the world right now, Star of the Seas. >> Welcome. >> Damn it. Yeah, we are. >> Yeah, man. >> Welcome. Welcome. We have Emara, Amy, Maninoa, Jay, David is here. Um, we're not sure how this signal is going to hold, so just be patient with us. We have not set sail yet. We're tr We think we're on the Wi-Fi. We bought it. We think we're on it. Um, but yeah, should be fun. We're going to show you around a little bit. Hi, Jay. Hi, Ryan. Candy, Apple, Dude, Disney dad. Noel is here. All right, let's go crazy. >> It is. We have not even covered half of the ship yet. And we Well, we've only been on for like a couple hours. >> Couple hours. So, >> hi Teresa. Hi, Pixie Dust Seniors. Mansion Lover. Hello. Hi, DM. I'm Justin. Oh, it was nice meeting you, too. >> And of course, we filled our bellies way too much. >> We had seafood and ice cream. Um, but here is the Central Park. >> Hi, Kit. Hi, Debbie. My seafood was seafood and I ate it. >> Dale Dale did eat it. Yes, it's true. He ate all the seafood. It's gone. >> No, but I mean, see the food. Okay, >> I know your dad joke. >> Okay, >> I got you. Um, we've got El uh Loco Fresh over here, the Mexican place. Hi, Daniel. Hi, Tim. Hey, Regina. Hi, Tracy. It's going to be a fun cruise. We're so excited. We don't even know where we're going yet. We could not find our room. >> Yeah, >> there's some uh cruise ships back here. >> We haven't been up upstairs back here yet. >> Want to go upstairs? Okay. >> Oh, this is Thrill Island right here. This is where the wider slides are. Um this way. We don't know, guys. Bear with us. Make our way through the ship here. You wish you were here. Hi, Blue. >> Hi, Smooth Joy. Look at this. >> Hi, Dave. >> They just have burritos. >> Seriously, so many yummy things chips and blah. >> The wees. Sorry, guys. Hey, howdy. Hey, how are you? No, we're sailing out of Port Canaveral. This is Port Canaveral. The star of the she seas. The she star of the seas as of right now. Port Canaveral. Look to the right. You can see NASA. >> NASA. >> Over here. >> Oh, yeah. Very nice. >> Okay. >> All the way down there. >> Lag is on and off. Okay. >> All the way down there. >> Wow. There's some cruise ships over here kind of. Oh, they have this thing where you get hooked on and you make your way on the right here like almost like ziplining but not I guess it's ziplining. I'm not sure. >> You're out over the water. >> Um yeah, I'm not doing that. That's all Dale. >> Hi Disney boy mom. Hey Alisa. Alicia Lesie. >> Oh here's base camp. I heard it has some good food. Burgers, chicken fingers, tater tots. I mean, there's so much food. We are definitely not going hungry. >> Oh my goodness, you guys. This is crazy. >> Tim would totally do that. >> It really is. Mini golf. >> Awesome. Lizzy right now. >> What? >> What's the point though? I'm not sure. >> It's like Tiger Woods said every time we got here. >> Hi, Jonathan. >> Who's got it? >> Here's the water slides right here. >> I think they're >> Yeah. >> I think we're back. >> I think we're back. We're back. Awesome. So, this is for guests 18 and over. The hideaway. We've got a couple hot tubs over here. >> This is the front of the ship, right? Or is this the back? Okay, back. Just kidding. I don't know. Let's go down here. >> Oh, yeah. Look at this. >> Oh man, I want to hang out here. >> Oh my goodness. >> This is amazing. >> We're coming in the mornings, >> right? Let's see if I can bump it up a little bit here. the quality. >> We're definitely getting copyrighted. It's fine. We're ready for it. >> This is awesome. >> This is so amazing, sweetie. >> I know. Right here. >> These you have to rent. >> Yeah, these got to rent. >> Wow. Are we back, everybody? >> Nope. We're the cell service. >> Yeah, I can try. >> I'm going to try the cell service now. Okay, guys. I think we're back. We're not sure, but we do have a Disney ship over here. I don't know if you guys can see. Yes, we're back. Thanks, Amy. We don't know which one it is. I'm guessing it's the wish. >> Somebody screenshot it and add it to Google and asked which Disney ship this is. >> Yeah, we're not sure. Which one is in port right now? >> You're all good. Okay, good. Awesome. Thanks, Amara. T-ird, hello. So, I took off the Wi-Fi for now cuz we're outside. We'll see if that works better. I should have done what Josh does where you have the dual connections. I forgot about that. And we do have the ship uh moon internet. Yes. But that would almost seem worse than there. >> I know. It's so weird. >> There's the pool that hangs off the side. >> How cool is this? >> Oh, that's what's above us. >> That's And look. Yeah. Look at this. >> So, this is It's not the Torque. It's the >> floating pool essentially. >> Yeah. And then right down here is the kids zone, the surf side. And our room is down here. Oh, Tim says it's a fantasy. >> Okay, >> Big Apple said that, too. >> Thanks, guys. >> Awesome. >> Did I see dad's in the chat? I missed it. Hi, Dad. Mom and dad dropped us off today. Thank you so much to mom and dad. >> The best Ubers ever. >> Yeah, they were great Ubers. Even stops at Starbucks. >> Yes, it is. So, this pool, it's actually it's just hanging there. >> Yep. >> Like there's nothing underneath it. So, it's Nope. >> Cuz we looked up from our room and what is that? Like, oh, I think it's either a torque for water show or some pool. >> Hi, Britney. This is amazing. >> And there's two sides just they're identical except for that one has a bar. >> This is 21 and over, right? >> Yeah. >> It is. It is. No. 18. >> Oh, this is 18. Okay. >> So, as you can tell, we're still at port. We leave at 4ish. The weather is amazing. Hi, Brian. Hey, Christopher. Light is clearing up a little bit. All right. Well, >> keep exploring. I don't know where to go. >> Up, I guess. >> You want to go up on the other side? >> Sure. >> Yeah, let's go over there. Um, let's go right here. Up. >> Yeah, boat internet. Exactly. Got to love it. If it gets that bad, I can switch connection. And I have one more thing I can try. So, just stay tuned, everybody. It is a massive ship. Yes. No wonder your fridge was so empty. Yeah, we're taking a cruise. That's right. Did you see Dale's video? >> That's awesome. I told him later, I was like, "You really filmed our fridge." >> It's so funny. >> Show what what the people want to see. >> It's gross. It needs clean. There's some uh basketball >> playing some basketball. >> Oh, we all need a pina. >> Pina. We're going to get a couple pina. >> A pa. Here's the surf side. This is where our room is. Faces inside here. >> Yeah, we're one of the balconies down there. >> Can't believe how many slides, water slides are on this thing. I know. I wonder too. Lots of ranch. Yes. Oh, well, good, Tony. Thank you. Somebody said Jessica from Chase 7s around town are in Jetty Park to wave you off. Chase and Jessica. Okay. >> Chase. >> I don't know what that That's awesome. >> Jetty Park. Oh, it's like right on the end somewhere here. I've heard of it. >> Oh, very cool. >> I've been to it, but I forget where it's at. >> Okay. Nice. Have a blast. We did Icon last May and we're going again. We love Surf Side with our 5-year-old. Nice. And we don't have kids, you know. You know that. But that was pretty much the only place we could get a balcony room last minute. >> That would be cool. >> Oh, yeah. We may not be able to. Actually, if you go to my in or any of our Instagrams, I'm not too sure if Jenna shared it. >> What's that? >> You can see the Instagram from Adventures of >> Oh, I couldn't I didn't have service. >> So, if you go to Instagram, Adventures of Jenna and Dale, you can see sort of where our room and we do have an ocean view off the back. >> We do. That's true. >> Adventures of Jenna and Dale. >> Yeah. Thanks, Mom and Dad. That was awesome. We really appreciated it. They were our Ubers. >> That's cool. >> Rider do it. >> Hey, >> sorry guys. Check this out. >> How many uh of the biggest ships in the world? This is our second. We did Wonder and then this one. >> When you do this, make sure your trunks are on really tight. I almost lost them one time. >> And it is included. You don't have to pay extra for them. >> Yeah. Just got to wait in line. And there is a line as you can see. Good afternoon, Kevin. >> This kid's pretty good. >> He's getting used to it. >> Oh, wow. Fancy. No hands. Oh, I think the uh the instructor's sort of showing him how over on the side. Uh-oh. Here. Here's where it gets tricky. Here's where it gets tricky. Well, he's still good. Oh, yeah. He's like telling him just to take time. So, you have your boogie board. Then you do on the knees. Our cruise is seven days. >> 7-day cruise. No day, no golf excursions except for the putt putt. Uh oh. Here's the test. >> There's the test. >> Dr. Rally. Not yet. It is uh going to be soon that and the other bucket drinks. >> Lime and coconut. >> Lime and coconut. >> Yes. Mickey mom Jen. We are in Port Canaveral. Hey, take a hail John. All right. He's taking his time. Uh oh. Now he's s Oh, he's hanging on. Wow. >> He's doing good. He's doing all the tricks. He's working his way up to standing. I'm feeling great. Oh, yep. It's a challenge. >> All right, let's see. It's windy. >> Yes, it is windy. Hopefully, there's no like wind noise and it's all good. There's even chairs up here. Little resting area. Jenna's looking really cute in her stitchy dress. You >> go around here. >> We're going back. I think we'll make our way this way. And then we've not even been >> to the Outlook yet. I think that's what it's called. Well, overlook. Sorry. >> Overlook. >> Outlook is work. We don't want Outlook. >> No. Yeah. Outlook is your email. That's what I'm trying to avoid this week, >> right? >> Is Outlook. We'll try to stay outside as long as possible because of uh we have service that way. There are lots of seating is what we've noticed. A little kid zone over here. Or is this where >> Oh, see. >> Coming down the pool here. Coming in hot. >> It is windy up here. Is the wind noise good? Hopefully. Man, it is very windy. Let's see. It's going to splash us like No, I don't think it will. Oh, waiting. Hold. Hold. Okay. Maybe there's nobody coming. You know, as soon as I turn Oh, here he comes. Oh, little kid. Oh, got splattered with the water right on my head. So, here's Oh, all the rides. You have to be 48 in. >> Oh, it's Cat 6. So, they have a six slide. >> Cat six. pressure drop. >> Oh, I'm missing the Oh, the chat. Okay, I forgot to hit the arrow button. >> It's like a water park on a ship. It really is. D is magic. >> Yeah, it's the biggest one on a cruise ship. >> Noel said your uh wind dress I mean your wind dress. Your dress is beautiful. And Amy said the wind noise isn't that bad, Dale. Okay, good. >> What's over here? >> Oh, cloud 17. I want to look at this. Okay. >> It's a pool. >> You're exploring the ship with us for the first time. Where's the go-karts? Right, Mega Brian? Seems like they should have >> There's an ice skating rink. >> Oh, yeah. Ice skating rink. >> Yes. Thank you, Amara. Your first time following along, hit that bot button. And if it's not your first time following along, hit it anyhow. Everybody hit the bot button. Oh, it's over here. This the pool. A lot more seating. Oh yeah, this is the floating area. >> Look at all the chairs. I mean, I impressed with >> the ship just with the amount of chairs there are available. Jenna, be careful if you don't want a Marilyn Monroe moment. Well, she's had a couple. She put shorts on >> just for that. >> She put shorts on. She's like when we left the when we left the room like I'm putting shorts on for the Marilyn Monroe moments. >> Yep. >> Cuz it's happened. They're jamming. >> I thought it was >> Oh, they do. Look at this. They got a They got a band over here right on that white section right there. Are you going to have a castaway party? Yes, they do a sail away party. >> I love that they have lounge. >> Oh, that is cool. There's >> some available. Yep. 17. Did I say 17? >> Yeah, I think it's okay. >> The Doppler radar right here. >> Is that what it is? >> I'm pretty sure that's the radar. >> Oh, what is this? Oh, it's a cleaning station. >> Shower. >> Shower. Cool. >> This the lime coconut bar. >> Oh. Oh, you spotted the lime and coconut. That was cool. They got a little for the wind block. More seating areas. >> Eight hot tubs, five pools. Thank you, Alicia. >> This is the cloud. >> Is this a cloud 17? >> Like on the side of I'm pretty sure on the side of the ship. >> That is cool. And then the bar is over here. A lot of people hanging out. >> There's another Oh, this is the swim up bar. >> Oh, it is a >> swimming right there. You swim and there's the bar. It's a swim up bar. >> Swimonic bar. >> Love it. >> Swim tonic. So happy for both of you. Really deserve this holiday. Oh, thank you very much. Slides are all included in price of the cruise. The only thing that's not included is Crown's Edge. That takes you over the edge of the ship and drops you off. That's cool. What's the capacity of the ship, Dale? And do you know how full it is? >> I don't know either. >> It's very packed. I think >> it is. It is pretty full. That was a golf ball, Dale. Not the Doppler. Oh, that's right. >> I think I looked it up and I think um it's over 5,000 guests and then around that for crew members as well. >> Wow. >> It's a lot. >> That is Yeah, it is. like every floor, every area, which everybody's getting on the ship. So, it's first day. >> I'm going to try to do a little switcheroo so we can go inside. Um, so it's going to look like lag. It It is not. It's plan lag. So, don't go anywhere. I'm going to try to do the dual connection so that I can bring you guys inside. So, stay tuned. Don't go anywhere. We'll be right back. >> Jenna's doing her techy stuff. >> Yeah, I got I got some techy stuff to show you. >> She got good. >> Stay tuned. All right, guys. Just kidding. Uh, somehow I got logged out, so I'd have to call Josh, get all the information, and log back in. So, we're just going to wing it, and we're going to switch it back to Wi-Fi when we go inside. So, hopefully that'll work. If not, we'll come right back outside. Yeah, Blue Bullet. We saw it just a little bit ago. The quick service. Okay. Well, is this the front of the ship? >> Yeah, we're at the front. >> We're headed. Yes. >> Okay. >> Yes, >> cuz that's where I want to go. So, we're going to try again. If it lags, >> okay, >> I think we have to go in. Let's try it. >> We'll see what happens. We'll bring it back. You guys know we always do. So, uh, I could go to potato potato mode. Hi, Katie. Thank you. Hey, Andrew. Isn't it awesome? We are so excited to be cruising again. Thank you, Catalina. I'm wearing a Disney dress. You know, it's fine. They don't mind. But again, if you guys missed it before, this is Central Park. This is where I'm going to be hanging out a lot. It's just calm, peaceful. They have a jazz bar down there, a champagne bar, a regular bar, restaurants. It's just great atmosphere. Hi, Pam. All right. >> Thank you. Um, so we're going to go in and see how this works, guys. >> So, we need to go down, I think. Look out. Aquad 15. >> Okay, >> so let's go down. >> Where's the stairs? Right here. >> Thanks, Andrew. Andrew says, "Hi, Dale." >> Hi, Andrew. >> They just got off the wish not too long ago. >> That's right. >> Okay, so far so good. >> One more. >> Hurry up. Get outside so we don't lose signal. >> So far so good. Okay. >> We're not going to jinx it, though. But I am going to switch off of the Wi-Fi when we get outside cuz that seemed to work better. >> Oh, so you did switch. >> Yeah. Um I don't know. No, let's go. >> Aquadome. >> Yeah, perfect. That's what That's pretty. Oh, yeah. Let's go in here. Okay, so we're here in the aquad dome. We've not seen this yet. So, the one on the Wonder was outside. This one is all in. Can't wait to see it. And we're lagging already. Hang on, guys. Stay with us. Oh, fancy jewelry, Dale. >> Oh, wow. >> Look at this. >> Oh my goodness. >> This is one of the water. >> Yeah, the Aquad Dome. >> Yeah, >> I was thinking the Aqua Market where all the food's at. >> That's right there. >> Oh, Aqua Market. Okay, >> don't forget to book a seat on the Aqua Theater show. We did. We got all of our shows booked. >> Back to the Future. Jenna is >> I'm so excited. Yeah, they have a Back to the Future Broadway show that we cannot wait. Are you blipping? >> Looks like we're holding we're holding steady now. >> Okay, but >> this is where the Aqua show is going to take place. Apparently, somebody jumps from all the way up here into the water. It is like navigating a sideways skyscraper. That is so true, Tim. >> All right. Well, the Aqua Dome is over here. And then the overlook is right here. So, let's go. >> Go this way. And there's a restaurant right here. >> Oh, it's a seafood place. >> Oh, yeah. Dale thought he might want to go here. Um, so we have Debbie. Debbie R sent a $20 super chat. Um, says, "Jenna and Dale, have a bon a voyage. Drink on me and have a great cruise." A thanks Debbie. That's so sweet. Thank you very much. We will take advantage of that. >> We will. We cannot wait. Our first drink coming soon. Thank you, Debbie. Very kind. All right. Hi, Britney. You don't want to miss this area. This is going to be awesome. I will say I like Okay, so yeah, the overlook. I did like the carium. Is it Is there anybody in it? Okay. I did like the salarium in the wonder. It's my favorite. >> Is there somebody in there? Oh, yeah. >> Oh, that's cool. >> Multiple of these. >> Yeah. Oh, fun. >> I heard they go quick. >> This is the overlook and this is the front. >> This is the front >> of the ship. Hi, Julie. >> We're going to find a spot. Go down to the food front by the glass. >> So Dale, what you have to do in the morning is cuz you get up early, you go save us one of these. >> I will >> for the day and then I'll come meet you when I wake up. >> I'll have my coffee. >> Okay. >> This is some gravy. I'll have everything there. >> Perfect. Hey, here's one for us. >> Oh, here we go. >> They have charging ports. >> Okay, this is cool. Oh, we're vlogging the whole thing for Adventures of Jenna and Dale. We might do one or two for Resort TV. I'm not sure yet, but >> Oh, these are coming. >> Okay, this is where I'm going to be hanging out. >> That that shrimp and lobster >> is putting me to sleep. >> Time for coffee >> with the side of chicken bites I had >> and a little bit of ice cream. >> A little bit of ice cream. >> I had some ice cream. >> Look at this view. Better than the Overlook Hotel. >> Oh, there's another ship out there. >> Yeah. >> Oh, yeah. There is another ship over there. Hard to see. So yeah, stay tuned for the vlogs. >> But yeah, on the wonder they had a bunch of like Well, there was a pool in here. >> It was It was really cool. I do miss thatium adult pool. >> Yeah, >> but this is still neat. Okay, there's more to it. We got to go down. >> There's a bar. >> Darn. Another bar. >> Deal. This is so cool. >> What is that? >> It's a GoPro. >> No, it's a gimbal. It just keeps the phone steady. >> Yeah. So when you walk, it doesn't like bounce. Favorite thing to do is wake up early, grab coffee, and walk out on the deck for the sunrise. Yeah, Tim 100%. Oh my word, look at these. Oh, are there two chairs just for us? Look at that. Oh, okay. This is kind of where I want to be for Sailor. I'm not going to lie. With a drink in hand. All right, Neil, you stay here. Don't move. >> Yes. >> So many places to relax. Yes, exactly. Facebook Magic. >> And the carpet is so lush. >> It's cushy. Whoopsie. >> It's nice and cushy. >> So, this is kind of where the pool was on the Wonder. It was like >> right here. >> Yeah, look. It is. >> Oh, it's like we're underwater. Oh, fun. It's >> like an aquarium. >> Hi, Sean. How are you? So, I thought this area was um adults only, but I guess not. It's just the hideaway apparently. At least for now. Dale, look, there's happy hour. >> $6 margarita. 4 to 6. >> What? >> No way. Checking the clock. It's 3:30. >> All right. So, it's almost it's almost >> margaritas. Overlooks. >> Spritz. Oh, that sounds good. Toasted coconut rum, lagoon bay liquor, lime juice, coconut syrup, and living coral sparkling rose. Yes, please sign me up. We are We are at Cape Canaveral. Yeah. Port Canaveral, whatever you want to say. >> And another bar. Oh, fun. >> It does remind you of the life pavilion or the land pavilion a little bit. Yeah. Every time I'm in the land in the green greenery section, you know, the garden section, I think of the salarium on the wonder of the seas. Fun little chair over there. >> Oh, this is cool. >> Espresso. Ry and bean. >> Nice. And then we've got this lady up here. >> I feel like there could be a few more chairs in here just cuz this is where I'm going to want to be. We'll see. We'll see how busy it is. >> Tim says if I hurry, I can fly down and board. You're going to have to hurry quick. >> Get your chopper. But look, Dale, there all these seats >> for the aqua show. And I heard a lot of them have backs. Not all of them. No. >> That was one thing on the other. They didn't have backs. >> No. >> This is cool. >> Yeah. We got to get here early cuz remember how it filled up? >> Yes. >> Let's go into the market. >> We're going to have to leave like a day early cuz we're on the back of the ship. >> A day early. Here's the Aquadome market. And they have so many good things to eat. >> But no one's hungry. >> I already want all of it. They have empanadas. >> This is my first pick. >> Cuban, and they have a Mediterranean where you pick your base, your protein, all the toppings and things. Barbecue, barbecue, mac and cheese, sandwiches, my So they have Thai food. Again, pick your base, your protein. >> And then the crepes. >> They have the classic Salted caramel goodness. >> Hazelnut and banana, >> strawberry, Nutella. That's what I want. Mhm. >> So, Britney, the shops are currently not open. They don't open when you're at port. Only when you're um at sea. So, they're not open currently. >> Washing station here. So hard to walk by the stations when they have like cookies to steer guys and their little mouths on the cookies like eat >> without without taking one. Oh my goodness. Oh, plantain chips. >> There's the empanadas. >> I still want one, but I don't. >> We have a little while until dinner. Should I get one? >> Sure. >> We're going to try one, guys. >> I wonder how long it takes to get a ship like that ready for the next sailing. I wonder Tuesday calories count on cruises, but nobody cares. This is making you hungry. I know. We had lunch, too, and it's making me hungry as well. >> It's that easy. Chicken and banana, please. Boom. Here we go. >> Boom. Um, so here's the thing. >> Well, I was trying to figure out what he's saying. >> Yeah, go ahead. The captain's speaking. Mr. says, "I just regained the weight I just lost." Good. >> Oh my goodness. >> Okay. >> Oh my goodness, >> Sean. Thank you so much, Hammer. >> Oh my goodness. >> I'm going to try it next. Not spicy. >> Looks like there's a little red pepper there. I'll take that bite. >> Okay, you take that bite. >> Ah, for science, of course. I forgot to bring the gimbal stand. Yeah, I got a sandwich first. >> Yep. That is amazing. >> Good. >> Yeah, it's really good. We had their fish cuz it's like seafood day and the wind jammer. They had a bunch of different fish. I was not impressed with the fish. >> The shrimp, >> but the shrimp and the lobster. Oh my goodness. That made up for everything else. So, it's a good thing the fish wasn't hot. It I told you it's very hot. Right. >> Perfect amount of seasoning. >> Yes, David, but we checked in the mon mustard station. >> I need ranch. >> You need ranch. I'm sure they got some. >> Oh, that's good. >> Right. It's like just the perfect amount of seasoning. >> Or you take this down to a local fresh and get some guacamole. >> Oh, yes. And cheese dip. And dip it in some cheese. >> This is just So dangerous. >> Oh, I love Jenna's outfit. Right, Ritz? She got a >> cute outfit. >> Mom is in her iPad now looking for cruise cruise prices. Says bespoke magic. >> I love that. >> No, it's not a Disney ship. That's correct. >> That is so good. Right. >> Oh my goodness. >> So, let's check out the fet Mediterranean. All the food. It is very busy. It looks really good. You want to get some walking talk or I can take it. So over here they have pig out barbecue. Check out their pigout barbecue. See they Oh my goodness. Look at this. We'll have to do the mac and cheese with the barbecue on top. >> Wow. The onions. Yeah, that's what Oh, my Thai. >> Oh, my And it's not the drinking my Thai. Oh, spring roll. >> I want some of those, too. How many people are on board? Uh oh, here's the crepes. >> Tie me up. >> Look at the crepes. >> Tie me up right now. >> Here's the strawberry. I'm not too sure, but it is it is busy. Strawberry. >> Oh my goodness. Nutella strawberry crepe. >> Yes. M. Sorry folks. This stream will make you hungry. That is correct. >> And Mara said the stream will make you hungry. Warning. >> Yeah, it will. >> Always. >> All right. Which way we going? Going >> out this way. >> But is not >> Oh my goodness. I want one of those crepes like right now. Oh, so our cruise our cruise is going to the private island uh Coco K or Coco K and then it's going to KML Mexico and um let's see Roatan Durus and Porto Costamaya. >> Oh double. >> Yep. >> Actually over here. >> Do you want to go up and show the uh the pool? What do we do? We have to go back in to get up. >> We're figuring this out together, guys. >> Stairs over there. >> Are there Okay. Yeah. Perfect. >> I need a trash can. >> Bathroom. Here's a >> dog. following Dale. >> We do. We need a ship map. We have no idea where we're at right now. No, we do. We're at the front of the ship. I do know that >> you stopped in Roaton. Oh, nice. Okay, I'm excited. Look at all these chairs. All right, remember this. This might be a good spot to chill right here. Yeah, Dale and I stream. Thank you so much. >> They have tons of hot >> We are on a cruise. We're setting sail here in a little bit. What' you say? >> They have so many hot tubs around. >> I know. I love that. >> Even though we never go in. >> Hey, maybe this time. Here's the lime and coconut. I don't see anybody. Oh, yep. There's a bucket. I need a bucket. I'm going to need a bucket. A bucket drink. Oh yeah, they want to see the prominade if we have the chance. We'll we'll try. And the Pearl. Yeah, we have. >> Yes, we'll show them. >> Yeah, we shall try. Bupolo. And correct. They do have a um map of the ship on the Royal Caribbean app, which is nice. All right, we're going up. Oh, there's a slide. We could have taken the slide or we could take the slide. >> Okay. So, >> is this the swimming tonic, >> right? >> Oh, I think so. >> I wanted to show that. Ask if they can sound the Disney >> cruise horn. I know. >> Call the cat. >> You call the captain over on the cruise Disney cruise ship. Okay, so here is the swim and tonic barill. >> And you can only get to the bar it looks like from the water. That's right, >> which I love. We're going to have to sit in there and have a drink one day. >> There's chairs in there. >> Blue polo. Sorry, I can't talk already. Blue Polo sent a $15 super chat. Has have a great trip. Buy a nice island drink or something fun. Thank you, Blue Polo. That is so sweet. Thank you so much. >> D will take you on the slide. >> These you have to rent. That's cool though. This whole area you can rent. Oo, it got chillier. Night lock. $4.99. Never been on a cruise. Worth it once I moved down to Florida. Question mark. Insert shameless resort TV one homes plug here. I love that. Okay, I'll do that. Thank you, Nightlock. And yes, they are 100% worth trying out at least once. Hi, Aaron. And definitely go check out Resorttv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy. Resort TV1homes.com if you're wanting to uh find your dream home here in Central Florida. One of our expert realators over at resorttv1homes will help you find it. Again, resortvomes.com. So, we are the quickest way down to the royal. >> Uh, is a royal this way? Yeah. Or is it just like >> It's like straight down underneath. >> So, maybe in this store right here and then down >> the elevator or you going to take all the >> We've already do the stairs with the >> I was wondering if we go down to the uh >> Central Park and then do that. >> Let's do that. >> Hi. >> Hi, Hersel and Margie. If you play a lot in the casino, you get mailings to go on a cruise once a week on Royal Caribbean. We heard about that. Blue polo. >> Uh, sure. >> They got the dance area cleared. >> Sorry if I missed your comment. We're walking around the ship here. Thanks for joining us. D's trying to figure out where we're at. >> Either way, we're like right in the middle. >> Okay, doesn't matter. >> I think the shortcut stairs are towards the door. >> Okay, follow Dale. The music is so fun, isn't it? So, uh, Katie, it's, uh, just D and I this time. Just D and I. So, our friends, uh, Myers and the Mouse were gonna come, uh, but weren't able to get out and work. We might do another cruise later, so stay tuned. >> We already did our mustard drill. They do it a little different here on Royal Caribbean. You watch some videos and then you go to where your mustard drill is at any time before they set sail and then they'll sign you off. >> You don't have to go like as a group. >> No, you don't have to go as a group as like you used to, which is pretty nice. >> We are not going to live stream all week. I don't think the signal's going to hold. Plus, we're going to vlog it all. So, you'll get to see. Yeah, I will. I'm curious, Jenna. Um, hang on. I'm switching to Wi-Fi here. Based on similar challenges you and I have with anxiety and such, how have you gotten past any concerns feeling the ocean? Because the ship is so huge and there's so much to do. I have never felt trapped ever. And you do stop a lot at the ports. Um, and it's it's huge. You want to get outside and enjoy some fresh air, there's plenty of places to do that. It's also a reason I do like to get a balcony room, too. So, if you're feeling trapped in your room, you can just go out and get some fresh air on your balcony. >> Yeah, we've never done an interior room. >> We've not We've We've done it just a window before, and I prefer to have that exit to the outside just just for those reasons. It's nice if you >> 12. We saw seven floors. >> Okay, we have a few more to go. >> But so far so good. Which one was >> Yeah, you're watching. >> Remember, >> okay, Dale's D's going to check. >> Couple more down. >> Okay. Yeah, I agree. It's very squishy without a balcony. >> Eight. We're going to eight. >> Eight is Central Park. >> We are definitely getting our steps today. >> How can somebody relate eight to friends? So, we know that's Central Park. ate to friends. What do you mean to friends? Like the show friends. >> The show friends. >> Um, >> every time I think of Central Park, I always think of friends for some reason. >> Oh, cuz Central Park. >> There we go. Central Park. There you go. >> Well, I would like eight cups of coffee, please, at Central Park. Oh, that looks like you're on an airplane. That's fun. >> I love all the artwork. Not sure I could ever sail with Dale as he might make me take the stairs all the time. I'm making Dale actually. >> It's me. >> Well, so on all the other ones, they have glass elevators, which I love. These are destination elevators, and I'm sure they're fine. >> I'm also doing it for um you know, cuz I'm going to be eating a lot. So, >> that's the Royal Supper Club. >> Oh, it's like a >> Can we go in? >> Let's go look. It's >> open. Yeah. >> Hi. Have you ever seen >> No. Can we look at it? Yeah. >> From 6 to 9 is like close the door and then you come in and all the secrets start from here. >> Fancy done for the start and each and every course eight course meal. Every course eight course tiny like in a little star. Each and every course corresponds a drink that is served. And if you are you from Chicago? We are not. We're from Indiana originally, but we live in Florida. >> This one is like a you know it was a fire in Chicago and a building get burned up >> and that if every dish corresponds to the historical uh time um that was for example be salad as built like a cabaret but it was called the event Alpuccino style. It was not allowed to drink that time. So people come to >> I got you. I got you. >> So if you like to come up one day it's a set menu. However, uh the price is $200 per person. Per person. But if you interested to come tonight, tonight it's a discount. It's 130 only per bagu steak on the menu. Valia fish, lamb chops. >> And you get a drink that pairs with each one. Holy moly. >> And a m chandon for the start. And then limited sparkling still water during dinner. And then titos sorbet. That is like when they serve Tito inter. So when they serve Tito survey there is ice minus 80. They put hot water and the P going around. >> Oh cool. Okay. This is very nice. Okay. >> And the piano. It's a dessert made out of real chocolate. All the piano made out of chocolate. You can try. Oh my goodness. That is so they serve it on a metal plate that is playing the music. >> Oh. >> So it's something really like wow. >> Okay. That is really cool. >> That is really cool. Well, thank you so much. >> If you're interested to book my name, you can find me on >> Are youing YouTube? >> Yes. Yeah. YouTube. Uhhuh. >> All right, let's go. Where are we going? >> Oh, right here. >> Yep. >> To the shortcut. >> Nice. Hey, David. How's it going? >> Is uh is about to perform? >> Yeah. Old school Hollywood for sure. That's a great discount. >> That Oh my goodness. >> Cuz $200 is a lot. I mean, I know you get a lot with it, but >> 130 is still a lot, but >> it's still a lot. I agree. >> Course meal for Michel drink pairing with each meal. >> Each one. I know. >> We are in Central Park now. It's gorgeous. >> What is this? >> Oh, it looks down into the prominade. >> Yeah, it does. >> Right by Sarrento. So maybe I can find the window over there. >> Ooh, sushi and ice cream. They also have the trellis bar over here. Isn't this cool? Tim, have you ever done a Royal Caribbean before? Sushi. >> I know. There's a space lady. Oh, no. It's It's Earth Ball Lady. We found Earth Ball Lady. This is not included, >> but they do have sushi here. >> Nice. >> Choose two plus 10 bucks. >> Okay. Oo, it smells good. >> Oh, and then they have the bubble uh waffle cones. >> Oh, that's what you smell. Bubble waffles. >> Yeah, >> she is indeed. And by the way, you were spot on with that rum. >> She's got my drink. Espresso martini. >> Espresso martini. Uh, Lisa Lisa sent Lisa sent a 1999 super chat. Thank you so much, Lisa, for the 1999 super chat. I don't see a message, but thanks. >> Lisa Lisa M. Thanks, Lisa. >> Okay. And here. >> Okay. Go ahead. >> This is the shortcuts from Central Park down to the Royal Prominade by the Pearl Cafe. >> Yeah, we're going to Hang on. Got to catch that Wi-Fi. One second. There's Lisa's comment. Hang on one second. Oh. >> All right, guys. We should be back. Sorry about that. >> Actually, you were very lucky. >> Did you guys hear the alarms? >> The emergency. >> It was super loud. >> Alarms. >> That That lag was perfect timing. Emergency signal. >> Proceed directly to your assigned station. >> Please note that all emergency exits are always >> So Lisa says, "Hi, Jenna. Have a great cruise. I messaged you on Instagram with a star list." Okay. Thank you, Lisa. >> Thank you so much. I will check it out. >> There's a lot of upcharges um at the different restaurants. Yes. But there's a lot that aren't, too. so much. >> Apparently there's spaceship earth >> and earth lady. I love this. >> Are we back? Are we good? >> Okay, good. >> So, do not use the elevators when that sound alarm goes off. >> And here's the pro cafe. >> Look at the fishies. >> You have to show them the barbecue sandwich that they have or you want me to show them? Sure. Go for it. >> Check out the So, this is included. >> Wait, let me um >> pop it back up a little bit. Let's try this now that we're on Wi-Fi. >> Okay, >> watch it. If it goes red, let me know. >> Okay, so we are in the Pearl Cafe. Pearl Cafe. This is included. Check out these barbecue pulled pork sandwiches. Barbecue chicken. mushroom sandwich, apple mozzarella, and the desserts, of course. The one I'm most excited about to try is this toffee apple. Okay, we're red. Oh, it went. Okay, we're >> ship Earth is Earth Lady's cousin. There you go. Um, yeah, we're lagging a little bit. Hopefully, it stays. We're going to see. So, we are pretty much inside the ship now. Here is the pearl. I will maybe I'll bop it down one one bit. Guys, look at the pearl. Also, look at this >> turtles. >> Which one would you like, Sean? Yes. All of them. >> They're on the Eastern Seaway Highway water, whatever that's called in the movie. >> The um Australian Current. The East Australian Current. >> That one. This is the >> afternoon star. We got a great vacation planned for you. So, we hope we're going to have great vacation. We have so much tonight. We're going to be having all kinds of go. We have all kinds of game shows. We're also going to be having an ice game happening in our actual zero. Isn't >> that cool how they move? >> Tonight we have the first two of three performances of our headline show probably one of the most high energy entertainers right that you'll ever see. He's performing tonight at 7:30 9:30 as well as tomorrow at 9:30. Just make sure you're one of those shows. We also have >> Oh, we can't wait. Kelly, many performances of our adult comedy live. It's going to be in the attic comedy club at 8:00. >> We are on the prominade now. >> Two of our show speaker. >> And guys, guess what? Guess what? Guess what? >> They have a Starbucks. I am set. >> Not included, but >> they do have a a Starbucks. >> So, make sure you're seated in the video. And look, they have a mug. >> Star of the Seas mug. I might need this. >> Isn't that cool? >> That is cool. >> Hi, yummy. um ice cream, >> right, Tim? Same. >> There's a shop over here. I can't wait to check out the track is >> Oh, good. >> Which way should we go? Are we not? >> This is your all in one resource. >> Okay, let's show them real quick and then we'll go back. You can book specialy restaurants. >> We haven't seen this. >> They're going to do a balloon drop to so far throughout the cruise. >> Which wouldally >> I can pick one daily one television for the Today Morning Show where I'm going to be providing updates on shipping. >> All of them. >> Guys, did you hear that? Dale said I could pick a purse. shows and we've got shows and theme nights unlike any other cruise ship in the world right here on the star overseas and on behalf of the officer staff crew >> karaoke over here >> pizza anytime you want vacation we look forward to seeing you around the ship >> they also have a dueling piano bar up here >> up at the pool decks we are going to be having our star sail away poolside party with your activities table that actually happens on deck number six right next to the bank join us for Yeah, let's do it. >> They've got a like makeup shop over here. It looks like they've got um jewelry. >> They need to fix that speaker. >> Pick a purse. But did he say buy one? I mean, I think he did. Oh, yeah. You can't go in right now. >> Man, where's the casino in this? >> That is a great question. There's a fitness center that way. >> Okay, that I probably won't make it to. >> Well, let's go down this way before we head down that way. This way to that way. >> Oh. >> The pearl mimics real time wind and waves. What? >> Okay. >> So, Bolo says, "The Pearl mimics real time wind and waves." >> Oh, >> that is awesome. I didn't know that. >> I didn't either. >> Thanks, Bolo. >> Oh, I smell the pizza. Now I want pizza. This is so hard. >> Oh my gosh. >> Oh, look. There's people in the windows up there. >> I didn't think I I told them I could use my silhouette. >> You're funny. >> This is so cool. >> I don't know where this is. >> This >> Oh, it just goes through there. >> Yeah. >> I don't know where it goes, but >> right here. >> Oh. Oh, okay. Cool. Yeah, Tim, we're gonna have a party. Balloons drop at 11:00 instead of on the Wonder it was like midnight. So, I did we didn't stay up tail. >> Oh, this is beautiful. Oh, I like this. You can even go outside. This is where we boarded the ship. It >> is >> right here. I know. I cannot wait for that. Wait, is there an escalator? >> There's an escalator on the ship. >> Oh, this is for the casino, I think. >> Sure, it's an escalator. >> We don't actually have to take stairs. >> Balloons are Tasha's worst nightmare. I know. The popping the popping can get a little loud. >> Yeah. You see? >> Let's hope this works. We're going to find out. We're going down to It's closed. So, we're just seeing >> Well, maybe. >> Oh, just kidding. >> I mean, I don't think you can gamble right now, but you can maybe walk in. No. Yes. >> Oh, cool. >> This is cool. >> Wow. Fancy. Oh, there's a music down here. >> What? >> Is that the only way you can get You have to go through the casino to get to the music hall. >> That's the the Royal Theater down here. Part of it. >> We got We got Taylor. She's going to get us. It's fine. We're going to get so many copyrights on the stream. It's fine. Love a casino. >> Oh. Oh, this is cool. >> Please don't fall. Oh my goodness. >> Oh, they have artwork right now. >> Oh, wow. This is a musical. >> What is happening? We haven't even seen the ice skating rink yet. >> We haven't either. Oh, yeah. There's one on here somewhere. This thing is massive. >> This thing is so huge. >> Where does that go? >> Let's see. >> Guys, this you're experiencing this first with us. >> You're going to eat some cereal cuz you're not on the cruise. >> Oh, okay. >> You want to go back this way? >> Sure. >> This is cool and musical. >> This is amazing. a 14-day cruise just to be able to take in everything, >> right? >> Some people do that back toback cruises. >> This is really cool. >> Yeah, we going to have to That's a nice We won't have to come down here. I'm liking it. >> Right. It's so cool. >> Hi, Dad. Hi, Mom. Oh, I see mom. Mom says, "Hi, sweetie and Dale and everyone." Hi, Mom. Thanks for taking us Yes. earlier. Really appreciate it. Yeah, so many things to do. Oh my goodness. >> Plus the shows. >> We were trying to book things earlier and we're like, wait, do we have something that day? I don't remember. >> Want to go back up or do we want to go through here? I don't even know. >> Let's go back up to the prominade. >> Oh yeah, >> cuz we can get escalator. >> Needs that, too. >> I wonder how many steps we have so far. Here, hold the people for a second. You got it. >> They're got them. How long will this cruise be? Uh, a week. We'll be back. >> We have 8,500 staff. >> Oh, really? Wow. >> 25 flights of stairs. >> 25 flights. This is going to be a record for flights of stairs. And mine, too. >> The Pearl. Oh, yeah. That's a cool shot. >> Yeah, the Bolos. They do a lot of the game shows and stuff there, right? >> Um, or no trivia. Oh, here. This one. The Thorn and Thistle. I remember this one from last time. It's like I I believe it's like a UK style. Is that right? Like a Britain style bar. >> Yeah. Like a British bar. >> Yeah. >> And they have guest services over here to the right. They've got your port merchants, >> alcohol and treats. >> They've got all your displays for all the watches I want. >> Oh, and the dining room. The main dining out here we can show, too. So, >> you get the purse, sweetie. I'll get a watch. >> Perfect. >> Yeah, right. >> I said it. It's got to be done. >> Exactly. >> Yeah. Let's check out the main dining room. >> Yeah. Destination elevator. >> So, explain the destination elevators. >> You pick what floor you're going to, you click it, and then it'll tell you what letter to go to and wait for. >> Oh, okay. >> Instead of looking like which one's going up. >> Okay. But that means there's probably no buttons inside and that freaks me out. >> Oh, >> let's see >> the main dining room. >> See how fancy. We were actually in here earlier to change our my time dining because we had late dining at like 8:00 and we don't eat that late. So, we they got to switch to us to uh at like 6:45 or something. >> Okay, Jenna, be honest. Can you feel the rocking? >> Not yet. >> Out on at sea. >> At sea. Yes, I >> everyone. Yeah, but >> these huge ships >> I take bon >> a lot less than the smaller ones. >> Dale beat me to my couch. >> Hello. >> Dale gets Wait, Dale gets I missed it. Dale, if Jenna gets a purse, you get the watch. Yeah, there you go. >> Then we're going to have to go overtime in our jobs >> or >> which is fine. So we eat less >> and we'll go on another cruise. >> Yes. Yeah, exactly. The amount that we pay for a watch and a purse, we go on another cruise. I like that. >> We like to pay for memories. >> Yeah. >> More than things. >> All right. Which way now? >> Just go down. >> Uh to where? >> Because it was down the Casino Royale all the way down at the other end. When I said let's walk through, so I'm not too sure what's down there. We'll just go check it. >> Okay. Well, me. >> There's Yeah. Stairs. People get tired and then they take a seat on the stairs because it is a a lot of stairs. Another cool artwork. >> Maybe win it big at the casino. Right, Megan Brian? Or else if I lose it all, hopefully they'll give me a free cruise at least for that. >> I think there's something down here. >> It looks pretty. >> Oh, is it like an art shop or something? Oh, the other end of the casino. That's what we saw when we were all way down there. I was like, "Oh, what's all the way on the other end of the casino?" >> Okay, now >> how do we get to the ice skating? >> I was just going to say, where's that stinking ice skating rink at? >> Surf. Pretty much the only thing we haven't seen yet. >> Royal Prominance Sarrentos. >> What is it called? Has a different name. >> Is it medical center? Nope, not the medical. If >> anybody been on this ship before, let us know. >> Royal Royal Pro. >> Absolute zero. That's where we for our mustard drill. Oh, that's what that was. Okay, we're on five. So, go up two. >> We're on four. >> We're on four. My math is my go up two, but I was wrong on the the floor. We were on sailing, smiling, good vod. Tap that like button. Yes, >> this has been awesome. Thanks for sharing. Yes, Disney gal. You're welcome. Thanks for watching. 990 of you. Fantastic. >> But we only have 535 likes. Who hasn't hit that like button? At least let's get up to 650. >> Let's do it. >> 650. >> One more. >> One more >> stairs. >> Oh, look at this artwork. >> Boom. >> Wow. >> That's cool. Looks like graffiti. >> It does. >> But very nice graffiti. >> Yep. They kept it inside the lines. Graffiti. Ice skating is past. Oh yeah. Playmakers. We went through Playmakers earlier. >> We haven't taken the surf side either. >> No, we haven't. >> Oh my goodness. So, >> oh yeah, cuz Playmakers is where our muster station was. >> Which way is the >> It's up here. I remember this. >> Oh, yeah. Zero. Absolutely. >> Oh, I'm tired. >> Oh, here's Swift Thrift Side. >> You want to do that then? Playmakers or >> Let me do the switching. >> Or do you want to stay inside with playmakers and go outside? >> It's right here. We got a flamingo. >> They may produce like their sports bar. >> Yeah, it's a nice little area. >> Man, my legs are going to be so >> tomorrow. >> Yes, >> I know it. Hi, Jules. >> So, this is the kid area. Family. They say families. >> I asked Google. It said deck five. Thanks, Tim. Here's the Surfside Eery. Yeah, they have some yummy stuff there. >> Oh, >> included. >> So, here that up there is what I was talking we were up there earlier. This is the adult only pool >> right there. And there's literally it's just opened underneath. >> Yeah. Isn't that crazy that that's a pool? >> It's a pool up top there >> and a flamingo right there. >> Oh, I see his face now. Oh, he's got goggles on. >> That's hilarious. >> He's ready to swim. And then our room is over here on the right. >> Yep. Sugar Beach >> and you can get ice cream down here. >> I did the uh for our room. I did the gym the gym carry test with the door >> for the kids. So open and closed it. >> He sure did. Oh, there's a line for ice cream. >> It was pretty quiet. >> There's a tip. If you want ice cream, there's some inside, too. >> Yes, there is inside. This line's off. They had this carrot cake inside there, too. >> Yeah. >> And free churros. >> And churros. >> There's churros over here. So exciting. >> Churros. >> We do. We have a view to this area from our balcony. But the nice thing is is we can see out the back. So, we can see some ocean, which is great. >> In these balconies. >> Yeah. One of these balconies up here. So, we can see out, which is really cool. I'm hoping we'll put the GoPro up in the morning and maybe get a sunrise. >> Yeah. >> Thank you, Mr. Carrie Small. >> Yeah, it does look kind of like Art of Animation. I agree. Got the Lemon Post Bar over here. We'll definitely be doing some churo testing. You know it. You know it. Uh we're not sailing yet, so there's no one's leaving. Oh yeah, cool. The carnival is heading towards us. >> Oh yeah, look at those. >> Four. Oh, >> it is four 4:15 something like that. >> Well, we're going. >> Yeah, there goes the carnival. I love having a view down where there are people. It makes me feel less isolated even though I know I'm not. Or it's extra loud. Yes, exactly. Hi, Princess Kristen. So, um the interior rooms u with the balconies are cheaper than of course the ocean view rooms with a balcony. Um we also since we haven't been on vacation for so long because of Chloe um we had a ton of credit card points. So we um almost got this cruise for free. >> We almost did. >> Not quite almost >> cuz we haven't been on a a vacation for so long. or credit card points. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Probably a couple hundred bucks. >> Yeah. >> You got to play the game. >> Exactly. >> Maybe I can do a vlog on that sometime. How how you can take advantage of >> Oh, there you go. >> your credit cards and >> credit card points. >> Yep. As long as you pay your monthly >> You think he's going to You think he's going to hit us? >> No. Absolutely not. >> He'll sink because we're like and he's the Titanic. I know. It will be curious to see. >> Yeah. >> Like if we were all the way up here. >> I know. Actually, we can't. Can we make it up before he goes by >> to see if the top maybe >> how much higher we are than >> Oh, no. There's not stairs right here. >> Yeah. That would be a That would be a hustle. >> Yeah. Thanks, guys. So fun. >> It almost seems like their full length of that ship would get you to our halfway point. Yeah, I know. >> Maybe a little further, but that's >> Thank you, Jessica. Thanks, Lane. Yeah, you got to love the credit card points, right? I think we need to go up cuz I want to get my line and coconut for sale away. >> My bucket drink. Ouch. Just hit my elbow. Ouchie. >> Yeah, it's like my funny bone. You know, that hurts. No, we're fine now. >> Is your arm get your arm getting bad? >> It's um Well, I I injured it. >> Thanks. >> You need ice cream to ice it up? >> I do. I need some ice cream. We are in Port Canaveral. Port Canaveral. >> So, check out these. These are the chicken bites I got. >> They were good. >> And then the churros are right here. Yeah, >> burgers. They have more burgers and things inside. >> I wish there was a an entrance sooner, but you have to go all the way down here to get out and in Surfside. >> Go on, walk through Central Park again. >> Yeah. >> Or is yours or just go straight up? >> Uh, I don't care. Yeah, let's go to Central Park. It's pretty. I'm happy we're watching online. When we dropped them off, we got to see the ship. Yeah, that was so cool, Dad. I'm glad you guys got to see the ship. It is massive. >> We're right there. >> You don't need to give your flamingo a name, right? >> Mingo. >> Betty. >> No, Mingo. >> Mingo. >> That's what we call Chloe. >> Mingo. Mingo the flamingo. >> Chloe had a little stuffless flamingo. We got her one time. Looks like they got a kiddo shop over here. And we're going back to Central Park. We got to go in to get out. Oh, yeah. We didn't show them the ice rink. Shoot. Which way? >> Squirrel. The ice rink. >> Where's that at? >> Down. So, it's up to you. >> Or we'll just show you guys on the vlog. How about that? Jenna, you haven't yet hit. We're We're lagging. Do that again. One second. Ready? And Oh, they're starting to do the party. I can hear it. >> So, they got the the sail away party going. I love it. Woo. I know. If they had a blind box store, I would be in trouble. Um, so yes, go over to Adventures of Jenn and Dale. Go ahead over there. Hit the subscribe button cuz that's where we're going to be posting all the vlogs whenever we can get them ready. This fun. We're good. Okay, good, good, good. Also, check out um Oh, hey, look. It's right there. We are on deck what? Eight >> eight% apart. >> They looked like they were low. >> Eight comies. >> Yes. And that ship looked little. >> Well, that was the back end of that. Oh, check on the dog over here. >> Yeah. >> Check on the poodle. >> Look at the doggy. >> He's watering the plants. That's a nice doggy. >> Good job, doggy. >> That's a good >> So, check out um mickeytras.com. wikytras.com. They will help you book your trip right here to Walt Disney World. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book the trip yourself. They help you plan for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with Mickey Travels.com. I almost said Mickey Trellis. Mickeys.com. >> Chops Grill. This is their steak restaurant. This is their sushi and Japanese habachi. >> Yay. Voke magic. We're excited, too. All right, guys. I'm going to switch you to Wi-Fi. You might get a little blip. >> All right. Where are we going? >> Way up. >> You want to take the elevator? >> It'll not We're going to sleep good tonight. >> Yes, we are. >> Oh, yeah. We got to go to uh to get the drinking. >> Lime and coconut. >> 15. >> He's got a donut umbrella. Umbrella. That's not an umbrella. A donut. What are those called? >> Inner tube. >> Oh my goodness. >> Five more. Look, they look like submarine windows. That's cool. >> Okay, I think I'm getting a blister. >> I'm not put on tennies. >> They didn't match my dress. >> Holies. >> You don't have to match. You always look cute. >> Thanks. Here, Dale. I'll tell the people. >> Yep. >> We're going. >> We got this. >> More cool artwork. >> I mean, I'll tell you how many stairs we've done when we get up. Oh my goodness. >> We already had 25 >> 25 flights. What's considered? I wonder what they consider one flight of stairs. >> I have no idea. >> Does anybody know what uh whichever device you're using? Apple considers how many steps as one flight of stairs. Look at this. It's got frosting on the buildings. Nope. >> One more, sweetie. >> We're almost there. >> I got this. >> Yeah, you do. >> Carry me, Dale. That's right. Feel the burn. >> More cool artwork. 15. >> Yay. >> Man, that burn is real. >> A crepe. >> Yeah, it does deserve a crepe. And And a lime and a coconut. >> Yeah, lime and coconut. >> Okay. >> Holy moly. Feel my feet. >> Don't fail me now. >> Yeah, exactly. >> That's the perfect song for this. Feet don't fail me now. >> Escalators are great inventions. If only they would use them more. Okay. >> Let's see. Oh, let's go on the other side. Sorry. Which side? Land side, water side. >> The boats on the other side or the They were coming through the other side. >> But Woo, that is windy. >> Wind is for real. >> Yeah, it is. >> Holy smokes. Are we moving? >> No. >> Look at everybody's hair. You can see by people's hair. >> Yeah. >> You want to get us a lime and coconut? >> Yeah. >> And then I want to go to the um the front of the ship, the overlook. >> Okay. Holy moly, you guys. This wind. Holy cow. One thing that they don't have that uh wonder the seas had was a TV right here. You can watch TV. >> Oh. Oh, that's true. >> Right here. >> Good morning. Yeah. Wonder. >> Okay. Thanks. >> All right, guys. Here's the party. We're having a party. >> Sorry. Bring it. >> Have a good time. >> Wind gusts are 30 m hour. Holy moly. >> It is a lot. It's a lot. >> Okay. Every day I'm chuffling. >> Not sure where to take you guys. Hang on. We'll find a spot. Yeah. Right here. Perfect. >> Yeah. I'm going to need a hair tie for sure. So definitely go check out David's in case you love rentals. DVCrequest.com/dv dvcre request.com/dv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David. We also have behind >> we also have um behind the ride. >> We have Behind the Ride by David Mower. I don't know where he's going. He's going the wrong direction, but that's okay. I'll follow him. Uh, Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified, Behind David Power. These are books on Amazon. Go check them out, guys. An ebook, hardcover copy, and an audio book. Holy moly, impact. It's like when firework show gets out. >> Now listen, all right. >> I have no idea where I'm going to remind you of something like the next seven days. You will not be cooking. >> Dale's gone. drink. >> Eat, sleep, and drink. They said, "Yeah, I knew I knew it." >> Hey, tiny island. Now, >> let's get some more thumbs up, everybody. Some ice cream over here. No lines. This is cute. You make me deal from the slide with four buckets. I love that. Hello to the open ocean. All right, we're going to do a sound check before we get started. All the bells and whistles. Literally no clue. >> I know. You can get ice cream anytime you want. I love that. Holy moly. >> All right. >> I'm just going to chill here cuz Oh my goodness. It's going to slide. Holy moly. >> Party over here. >> Over there dancing. You're probably right. >> Oh my goodness. I hope this wind doesn't mean we're going to be really wet water tonight. >> Yeah, that's true. They'll find me, right? >> Look, a giant candy crowd surfing. >> Oh, guys, look. This guy is doing that thing we were talking about, going over the edge of the ship. crazy. >> Sorry. >> All right. Well, I think we need to go to the front of the ship. I don't know where Dale went, so we're just going to go there. Get out of this wind. Holy moly. I'm going back to the aqua in the limo contest. >> Yeah. No, I would definitely not do that. Not me. Okay, guys. This is where you get your food. We're going to go in the middle. >> Walking by yourself. Seven days. I'll see you in seven days. That's right. Too funny. >> Walking by yourself. >> Oh, there is a bar over here. I wonder if that's where he went. this side. And I did see a bucket there. So, let's go look. Would be where Dale's at. Have we started moving yet? Let's go, guys. >> Are we moving? I can't tell. I think we are. I think we are. Let's go see if we see Dale. >> There he is. I spotted him. >> There you are. I was looking everywhere. >> I was looking for you. >> I didn't know where that was. I went to the one over there. There's like three of them, >> guys. I found him. Texas was like, "Where did you go?" >> I did text you, but I don't think I >> Oh, okay. >> No, we have not started moving yet. Okay. >> My Spidey senses. Yes, I was able to find Nails. Do your thing. Do your thing. Now, now Tails at the bar. What? >> All right, everybody. We have got Dale and it's not as windy. >> Oh, everybody clap your hands, right? >> So guys, if this stream is down later, it's because of copyright issues and I will not be able to fix it. So you guys are good that you're watching right now. So, good thing you guys are watching cuz the replay might not be available. You're wondering. Yeah. A legit bucket drink. >> Can I show the buckets? These are our buckets. >> Thank you. >> Oh, thank you. These are so cute. We got buckets. We got our bucket. Has officially started. This is >> the lime and coconut, everybody. >> Um, let's go up to the >> aqued. Okay. >> Cheers. Yeah. >> So good. >> Cheers again. >> Everybody clap your hands. >> Woo. We are ready for the party. We are. >> Thanks for joining us everybody. I think we're going to >> Hello. No, we're going to vlog. >> Okay, just kidding. We're not going to sign off yet. Feels right. >> We'll see. >> We also have dreamtable.co. Go check out dreamtable.co if you're wanting to get that really hard to get reservation um at walt Disney Worlddable.co. Everybody check them out. There's some chairs over here. Thanks, Kelly. Thanks, Lisa. >> Oh, is Josh going live tomorrow? Okay, cool. >> How do we get over there? >> Where do you want to go? Let's go inside. >> You need to flip the Wi-Fi. >> Yeah, I got >> I almost dropped it. Oh my goodness. >> Trying to find trash. But here we go. I got this. >> Yeah, you do. >> Pro mode. All right, let's go this way. >> Slide to the right. Slide to the left. Crissross. >> Thanks everybody. >> Oh, I was like, what is that? Oh, >> it's so much calmer in here. Not that I I liked the party. It was great. But all right, I guess let's go that way. Are we >> Yeah, let's go this way. Thanks everybody. Thanks for joining us. It's been a fun little stream. Again, more more to come. Vlogs, Instagram, follow us. Resort TV1 and Dale RTV and Adventures of Jenna and Dale all on Instagram. So, we'll be posting some stories and pictures and things and then the rest we'll wait until we get home and get it all edited up. >> It takes weeks sometimes. >> Sometimes pretty quick. >> Yeah, it depends on what I'm doing. Now, I do have my princess race coming up soon, so I will be doing that. But, >> man, we still haven't left, >> huh? >> We still haven't move. Nope, not yet. >> To the front to see if they've uh taken the ropes off at least. >> Up here. >> I think all the chair Oh, there might be a chairs right there, D. Oh, no. Just one. >> Nope. No chairs. We're out of luck. >> We're still tied up. >> Yeah, we are. Oh, so we have to move sideways and then around. Oh, interesting. >> We're so tied up now. >> Yep. >> Stop tomorrow. Or we >> You feel like you're on a cruise. I love that. That is awesome. >> Well, I think we are going to wrap it up, guys. But thank you for joining. It's been a fun little stream. >> How many likes did we get up to? 667. >> Almost 700. Almost. All right. You ready? >> All right. Thanks everybody. We will see you soon in 7 days. But again, stay tuned for all the stories and all the things. >> We appreciate you watching. Appreciate all of our awesome uh members of the channel. Patreon members, hoppers, moppers, >> all the donations today, shoppers. Yes. All the um >> we appreciate you guys. So >> she did. >> All right. Cheers to you guys. >> Cheers. >> So for now, have a beautiful tomorrow. >> Bye-bye. You got to make sure
