---
video_id: Okm73Yxi8PM
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Friday Night Live Stream Announcement - 2-6-26 - Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-02-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Okm73Yxi8PM
---
Hi, this is Josh with Resort TV1 and today of course is Friday Night Live and Jennet and I are super excited to be streaming together again for the first time in a couple weeks. We've had a few things going on with our schedules, Dal's birthday and then Liam and I were out of town last weekend. So uh we've been uh kind of trading back and forth with the streams, but we're excited to be streaming together tonight at Disney's Animal Kingdom and Disney Springs. That's right. It'll be the first Friday Night Live in a while that we've actually streamed at Disney's Animal Kingdom. And most of the reason for that is because it closes so early every night. But the good news is is that it is open until 7:00. So we'll get to be there a little bit past the closing time. They usually, you know, let you shop and everything for about 30 minutes to an hour afterwards. So we'll get to go and ride a few rides. Hopefully the safari, maybe uh Everest, maybe some rides in um Pandora, one of the one way or the other. But uh the good news is we will get to see Pandora at night because uh it does get dark around 6:15 or 6:30. So, it should be dark way before the uh park closes. So, that'll be really, really nice. So, Pandora at Night obviously is beautiful and there's times during the summer you can't ever see it in the dark because uh it actually doesn't get dark before the park closes. So, anyway, tonight it will and we'll get to see Pandora at night. So, that'll be super fun. Can't wait for that. And then uh we'll go ahead and drive over to Disney Springs and just hang out there, enjoy some shopping, some music, and uh just see what kind of things we can do at Disney Springs and enjoy the rest of our Friday night live. So, that'll be fun. We'll start tonight around 6:00 p.m. Eastern time at Disney's Animal Kingdom. Now, with it closing early, we may start a little bit early, so stay tuned and have your notifications on just in case we finish eating dinner early or we're ready to go live early, we might just go ahead and go live so that we can maximize our time in the park. So definitely keep those notifications on. Also, tomorrow for Saturday, it usually is Saturday Night Live, but it's actually going to be a little bit different. We've got some things going on Saturday night. So, uh, I'm going to go ahead and go to Magic Kingdom tomorrow morning, starting around 9 or 9:30 a.m. We'll see what time I can get up and get over to the park after being out tonight for Friday Night Live. But I'm going to be at Magic Kingdom in the morning. I never get to go in the morning, so that'll be a lot of fun. and I'll get to uh ride some rides and enjoy uh some beautiful beautiful strolls through the park. Um we'll see. Maybe we'll see a cabalcade or a parade. We'll just see how long I'm able to stay. But either way, it's going to be a super fun morning at the Magic Kingdom and I can't wait to share that with you for Saturday morning live. So, that'll be awesome. Um also definitely check out all of our awesome sponsors. Links are in the description down below. But we will see you guys tonight at 600 p. p.m. Eastern time at Disney's Animal Kingdom and Disney Springs. So, thanks for joining us everybody. Again, check out all the awesome sponsors. Links are in the description and we'll see you all very, very soon. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Now that you finished watching this video, be sure that you're subscribed so that you can get all the latest updates. Also, check out some other great videos on our channel. Have a great big, beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
